5	Imagine wonderful, fresh sushi, creatively prepared and served by a sushi chef from Sapporo, Japan - right here in Henderson! Sit at the sushi bar with Aki for the best tuna, salmon, yellowtail, whitefish and albacore. Or, have Toshi serve up the ultimate in beef teriyaki (rib-eye). Imagine that at $6.95! The same quality and decent prices are found in all the combo dinners which combine chicken, beef or salmon with tempura and kara-age, bite-sized fried chicken marinated in ginger sauce. The rolls are spectacular and delicious. There's soft shell crab, Hawaiian poke, baked mussels and more.  Lunch from 11:30 - 2:30. Dinner from 5-9:30 pm daily, Sunday 4-9  Located in the Smith shopping center next door to Starbucks. Imagine that!  Early bird dinners feature $1 off food and sushi during the first hour.
5	Great addition to neighborhood. In smiths/mcdonalds shopping area next to star bucks on Valle verde/paseo verde.  Fish very fresh and sauces were amazing. Very friendly staff. Great quality at decent prices.
5	Wow!  My new favorite sushi place is a mile from my house.  Their beer is cold and their fish are fresh.  Mondays is 20% off already reasonable sushi prices for ladies.  I went for the first time about 2 months ago and I have been back 5 times since then.Be prepared for the entire extremely friendly staff to say hello when you walk in the door.
5	If you want the real deal good japanese food. Stop here ... great mom and pop feel. I have tell you ... The sushi and chicken here are awesome. The service is fast and friendly as well. They serve traditional dishes as well. This is one of my favorite hidden places.
4	Great little place. I never knew that this place existed until we saw it outside the McDonalds window. We decided to later try it out. Very small place, but the staff is very friendly. Their sushi menu isn't that big, which was ok because I wasn't too hungry. Everything came out in a timely manner and looked great. The fish was fresh and everything was delicious. One thing that stands out is for every $30.00 you spend, you spin a big wheel and you get x amount taken off your next bill. That's a pretty cool concept, but you have to use the coupon within 20 days. Overall, great first experience and definitely will go back there again.
5	Wife and I stopped by after car shopping tonight. We tried some amazing dishes tonight. If you get a chance order this. It's not on the menu but it soooo yummy. Aki the Sushi Chef calls it "The Flying Nun" It's Bacon wrapped around a nugget size of chicken breast with cream cheese and get this Mash Potatoes and deep fried and rested on a bed of greens in Mustard sauce. I usually don't like cream cheese only on my bagel or cheese cake bu when its combined with mash potatoes it's a perfect combination with the bacon and chicken. Ok here's the other one that was a highlight of the meal "Baked Mussels" you get 4 on a plate. It's baked with a dynamite sauce (I think the ingredients are spicy hot sauce, mayo, and ketchup). When talking to the waitress Chieko, she told me one of the most popular appetizers was "Creamy Mermaid" - it is shrimp w/cream cheese stuffed in wonton skin and fried. My kids like Combo 1 which is chicken teriyaki, Tempura, Kara age. It's really good. Toshi is the kitchen chef and makes the best chicken. He does not over cook the chicken and he does not under cook it. It's perfect. Tender, not tough it is soft and juicy still. This is very hard to do if you ever tried to cook chicken with different thickness. The Tigers Eye sushi is really cool. It's not on the menu just ask for it. If your feeling really adventurous behind Aki is this small white board with some specials of the day. If you ever want to check out skill of a sushi chef order the Tamago. It's basically egg but the thing is it requires great skill to make it. Also the taste sweet but not too sweet. order it try it. Thats a pretty good thing to order and check out the skills of the chef. Ask Aki how he makes the egg.
5	I live right down the street from this place, and I used to work in this plaza, so I have seen many places come and go in this spot in those years. I was really excited, however, when I saw that we would be getting a new sushi place so close to home, and I have to say, I hope that this place sticks around. My husband and I actually went the evening they opened and we weren't disappointed. Everyone was so friendly, and the food was delicious.  We've gone back several times, both to dine in and take out, and the service is always excellent regardless. Even when waiting for our take out orders, we are offered free tea or water. The prices are reasonable very reasonable for what you get, and I would definitely recommend this place!
5	I am so full ... Great food always wanted to share some pictures. It's so hard not to eat the food before i take the picture. :) Tonight I tried something called "Magic Carpet" ... OK i was skeptical too but you gotta try it. btw i don't like cream cheese but its good. Spicy Tuna, tomato,cream cheese and kiwi on a crispy fried won ton skin. OMG sounds weird the kiwi and all ... but who would have imagine ... that its so yummy. Give it a try.
5	Sushi Imagine is an absolute GEM in the Henderson area. The quality of their food exceeds that of nearly all Japanese restaurants I have been to in the valley.I really appreciate the quality and care that they put into the preparation of their food. The quality of their fish is AWESOME. The texture and flavors of their fish is delectable. And it's very clear that the sushi chef knows what he is doing. The presentation of each piece is beautiful.They have a good variety of dishes for a customers that may not be into raw fish, but would like some Japanese fare. The kara-age chicken (fried chicken nuggets) that accompanies the bento meals is mouth-wateringly delicious.And of course on top of the delicious food you get some of the most genuinely friendly service one can get here in Vegas. It is a delight to enjoy a meal here.
5	Great quality food. The cuts were very nice. The service was outstanding! He's going to need a larger restaurant soon!
4	Great Small Neighborhood Sushi Restaurant* Awesome Service 5 starsThe folks here are so nice...genuine....attentive without being annoyingThe sushi chef is the master juggler... he does it all.... covers the counter and all the table orders... and he's 'on top of it all'* Lunch specials...starts at $6*Combo plates... didn't try them but they looked great... for $13* Fish specialities like Salmon Cheek... Salmon Cheek was so flavorful and different... not your ordinary fish offerings at a sushi place... that's what makes this place special... their 'Special Fish' board* The 'Wheel 'o Money'... for every $30 you get to spin the wheel for a chance to win Sushi Imagine Bucks to use on your next visit.* It's small... about 7 or 8 stools at the counter. Plus 8 fourtops. So, big parties... note that it might be hard to get a table to fit y'all* The regular fish offerings are nothing out of the ordinary.  I'd only give them 3 stars based on the regular selections... the yellowtail, salmon and tuna were not the best that I've ever tasted but it was good*  Price...not super expensive... not super cheap.... the rolls range from $9-12...*The rolls were well crafted and not overly sauced so I'm on board...and the sushi chef asks you how spicy you want the sauce... that's awesome!* The Ginger was not my favorite... it had too much of a 'bite' to it... I like my ginger sweet, crisp and refreshing
5	Delicious, fresh and the most creative sushi around!
5	Aki, you and your darling wife, rock...my husband is worried I terrified you - but we're confident you could tell from our enthusiastic consumption of your delicously decadent dishes that we were more than delighted...ecstatic. and you're in our neighborhood.ok - you're secret menu rocks - but it is decidedly for only the very very well informed... but I loved that you shared dishes from it with us - they were yummy.  but I loved the uni fried in oba the best - the special rolls you made were fabulous - and I get they were time consuming - but we didn't begin to crack the surface of your skills...that's evident - but we did get full. so thank you -thank you for tolerating us -and welcoming us on a quiet Saturday night (people, seriously, you need to fix that - cause this is brilliant wonderful Japanese deliciousness!) and didn't send us away, tails between our legs!  Bless you -- your business - and all your guests that realize how lucky we are to have you in our neighborhood -- now please stay! xoxotori & eric: )
5	A true locals spot!! My fiance found Sushi Imagine on Yelp & after reading all of the raving reviews we just HAD to check it out for ourselves.We were greeted warmly as soon as we walked in. It was pleasantly busy and we soon found that it was filled with many repeat customers - all super friendly, chatty and willing to recommend their favorite rolls!We had the Monkey Brain appetizer, Rattlesnake roll, Hello Kitty roll & a few nigiri pieces. Everything was incredibly fresh, delicious and very well presented!!We earned a "spin," which was a fun way to end the meal :)We'll definitely be back!!
3	I really wanted to like this place--especially since the owner/main chef is good friends with the fabulous folks at Shabu Shabu Paradise--but it was just ok.I've had much better, tastier, and generously portioned sushi rolls & nigiri at Osaka and EN. The people are nice, though, and it's not BAD, per se.If I lived a block away, didn't want to drive far, and was REALLY craving sushi, I'd go back. As it is, I've got such great sushi choices much closer to me that it's not worth making the few miles' drive over from Anthem.
5	I have to say every time I come here, I never have a bad meal ... Whats really cool about this place is if you want to try something new or different just ask them to make you something cool. This time i tried Monkey Brain ... before all you animal activist get all mad ... its just the name. It is a leaf wrapped in spicy tuna and the best thing is it deep fried and then drizzled with eel sauce, I have uploaded the pictures of it and would recommend you try this another special i would recommend is Kings Bakery I think this is the right name ... the bad thing i was so hungry again i ate it before taking a proper picture of it.
5	Hey Yelpers !!! I was real good about not eating my food before i took a picture. This week we went back to Sushi Imagine ... kinda addicted ... I tried the sunrise roll ... really yummy check out the pictures and give it a try.
4	I really really really really like this place.It is tiny - 4 tables and 8 sushi bar spots.  The Sushi chef is Japanese.  It seems to be a family run place.  Excellent service - a convivial establishment.  They had a buy a Saporo and get a free sake deal - you can't argue with that!We had monkey brain appetizer, firecracker roll, spicey tuna and a tiger eye.  The tiger eye is tuna and avocado wrapped in squid - it was expertly prepared.It doesn't have a sushi restaurant feel though - it looks more like a sandwich spot - but that is only a side note.The prices were reasonable.  This really is a nice little neighborhood spot with quality food and a friendly atmosphere.  I will go back when I am the green valley area.
5	Oh Man I miss this place. Let's see I ordered the Hamachi Kama, Unagi, salmon skin roll, and Hello Kitty and a Sapporo beer.Heaven .... so good staff is always friendly and super fast.I don't have any negative to say about this place.My family always enjoy this place. Even if your not a sushi fan you should come and try it. The kitchen has great chicken teriyaki and tempura.Oh don't make the same mistake i made 4 times now ... they are closed on Sundays ... but you might want to call them to verify.
5	Best sushi in Vegas! Came thirty mins to close and sushi was phenomenal
5	This is my favorite place to go!  Aki, Chako, and their teen aged kids are so friendly and the sushi is the best. It's fresh, delicious, creative, and so beautifully presented. Aki is a Beatles fan so if you are, you have much in common. Do sit at the bar and enjoy.
5	We LOVE, love, love (enough loves?), love! this place.  We were recommended to come here by the people at Shabu Shabu Paradise and it was the best thing (food-wise) we have ever done.  =]We are now regulars there as the owners are awesome (family run), sushi is perfect, and the atmosphere is nice as it is more laid back.  Our favorites are:  hurricane ahi, Mr. Roboto, Hello Kitty, Cuke roll, Rock n Roll, Crunchy Roll, etc. etc.  lolThey also have delicious teriyaki, noodles, and other items if you have kids or people who are not sushi fans.Aki (the owner) used to have a huge sushi restaraunt in California before moving here.  So he has the talent to back it up here in Henderson.  The place is small, but we like that about this place.  They also always have specials and if you spend $30 or more you can spin the "wheel" to win Sushi IMAGINE bucks or other free stuff for your next visit.Go there!  =D
5	Simply amazing.  I believe I had the sunshine roll. Literally the best roll I have ever had.
5	Yes, yes, and more yes!I happened upon Sushi Imagine while reading Yelp reviews and the place had amazing reviews so I decided I just had to try it the next time I was out in Henderson. Typically my trips to Henderson involve a visit to The District, which is what I was doing today. Luckily Sushi Imagine is just a hop on the 2-15 from the shopping center, or just a street or two away. At first I couldn't find it because my GPS was not being nice to me, but then I realized it was behind the McDonalds! If you get into the shopping center and can't find it... just look behind the fast food. ;)The lunch specials, oh the lunch specials! Lunch specials for $5! And a big cup of soda for 95 cents! I opted though for the $7.95 lunch special - spicy tuna and california roll plus miso soup! Sure, they're kinda boring rolls, but for that price I couldn't pass them up! There are also other lunch specials where you can get a spicy tuna roll plus three nigiri!Service was excellent and the sushi chef greets you as you enter! I absolutely adore this little sushi place (and yes, it is little) and I will be back for sure when I am in the Henderson area.
5	Tonight I took my wife out for her birthday ... we tried 3 new sushi tonight.Lover Soul, White Album and Volcano.The winner Lovers Soul ... !!!!Lovers Soul - Soft shell crab, cucumber, gobo, kaiware topped with spicy tuna and crunch.It was pretty cool shape like heart design and on fire. Awesome maki sushi taste give it a try. Will upload photos tonight as well ... go take a look @ it.
4	Very Authentic!!!I really enjoy Japanese food, and I must say that this one is rather authentic.From the Japanese Sushi Chef to the lady helping, this is not a big business hiring a bunch of people to say "welcome" in Japanese, but the real deal.The difference in the real deal compared to so many other places is that it is simple, not overpowering and you get the real flavors, not a bunch of flavors that are indistinguishable.Appetizers - Had the Edamame, Kara-Age and the Gyoza, Simple salted Edamame that was very firm and easy to shell. The gyoza was very nice, not soggy or with sauce on it. You have to dip it in sauce if you want it. Chicken Kara-age is very simple, almost fried pieces of chicken. Yet, it is easy to be oily, or simply breaded. This one was very tender and the crispy batter was very light.Main Dish - California Rolls - Very nice.Chicken Teriyaki - My daughter did not seem to like it so much as it had a lot of sauce, but I found the chicken to be very tender.Combo 1- Chicken Teriyaki,Tempura,Kara-age - Son had this and it was ALL gone. Lots of food, had left overs.Salmon Teriyaki - Perfect fish and the skin was crispy. I like it this way.Sushi Combo 6 - Sushi,Sashimi,Kara-age - Love the simplicity of this dish.Desserts - Did not try any.Service - Very nice, pleasant. Very accommodating.Prices - I did not see all you can eat, each sushi roll is about 12-13.00 and the set meals are all about 10-16.00.Parking - Strip mall, very easy.Seating - This place is small. So either come at off hours, or be prepared to wait!GK says, check it out!
5	Sushi Imagine is NOT like eating a bunch of poison!Imagine this; A sushi bar that is adorned with a tasteful amount of Beatles swag on the walls. Off to a good start already. Saturdays are reserved for Beatles only music while the rest of the week you can hear anything from Aerosmith to Zepplin playing in the background.This place is a non-ayce place which causes you to be more thoughtful of your choices as to not have to take out a small loan in order to pay your bill since you're used to eating as much as you can stuff down your gullet at other places. Don't misunderstand me, this place is not expensive at all, we're just jaded a bit in this town with sushi prices based on the ayce model. This place is refreshing! Small bar and dining that makes the quaintness of the place cozy as opposed to cramped.The Service is Superb! You feel as if you are a guest rather than a customer. The quality is exactly what you'd hope to find at a REAL Sushi Bar. Top quality ingredients with great attention to detail not only with Chef Aki  mastering his craft but from the kitchen staff as well. Chef Aki's rolls are very artistically done with much pride and enthusiasm as you might be able to tell from photos (try the Hello Kitty Roll).The bonus to this place is their daily lunch special. Each day of the week has a different Bento Box Special  priced at just $5. McDonald's across the way can't match that price. So glad this place is close to home, just disappointed it took me a year to find it.If you're lucky enough to spend $30 on your visit you get to spin their wheel at a chance to receive Imagine Cash ranging from $1-$50 usable on your future visit.
5	My group LOVED coming here and striking up excellent conversation with the chef while we ate his excellent custom sushi rolls.  There was the standard rolls which you would find anywhere, plus there are the custom creations the master himself had created.  We were regulars here for about a year until our jobs pulled use elsewhere in the country, regretfully.  At the end of your visit, if you spend 30 bucks or so (don't remember exact amount) you get to spin a wheel and win some fake in-house cash for use on your next visit!
1	I came here tonight with my two daughters for dinner. I had never seen this place show up on yelp before and was excited by all the five star reviews. I decided to drive the 15 minutes away to check it out. I immediately did not like the looks of it. It has as much ambiance as a gas station. We were already there and hungry so I figured we would give it a shot. I should have trusted my instinct. When your 5 and 10 year olds can't stand the look or taste of the food you know you have a problem. I ordered the sashimi dinner, and three rolls. The rice on the rolls was hot! The quality of the fish is that of an AYCE place, I avoid these like the plague. I prefer quality or quantity. The menu is limited. The only thing that was edible was the miso soup and edamame. The servers were really sweet and friendly, but they were really slow. I repeatedly had to ask for a napkin, wasabi or a plate. I would not return even if someone was buying. Seeing all these high reviews from other posters is taking away my faith in using Yelp as a reliable resource. When in Henderson head straight to I Love Sushi or better yet hit the strip and go to Hyakumi. They give you hot towels, cucumber salads and edamame for free.
3	My bf wanted to have sushi tonight and my task was to chose a sushi joint near home.  After I yelped, Sushi Imagine was the highest rated and closest in proximity.When we arrived, we were immediately welcomed by all servers and chefs.  They are super friendly.  We ordered the following:-Bento Box #3: includes tempura (light and crispy), sashimi (doesn't taste so fresh and the tuna does not taste like sashimi grade), rice, chicken kare-age (very tasty), small salad and miso soup. -Spider Roll: very beautifully plated.  Too bad it doesn't taste as great as it looks.-Spicy tuna roll topped with a white fish: never again will we order this.  The spicy tuna over powers all the other flavors, assuming that there are other flavors.-Order of hamachi sushi:  Not the best piece of fish...Before you leave, your table gets one spin on the wheel of paper money so that you can redeem on the next visit.  My bf spinned the wheel and we got $2 worth of paper money.Almost forgot, from 5pm - 6pm, you get a dollar off an entree, buy a large beer and you get a free small sake.  They also have a daily lunch menu of $5/lunch special.  I may come back for the lunch special since grilled mackerel over rice and chicken kara-age sounds like a steal.Overall, food wasn't delicious as I have hoped, but the service was awesome.
5	So far this has got to be the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas!First thing I have to say is that the place is very small, isn't overly adorned with dime-a-dozen Japanese decorations, and is very well lit. Oh, and loved the mix of j-pop and classic rock coming from the iPod!We walked in on a Friday night and the place was very busy, but we had no problems getting our food and drink orders in and everything was brought out in a very timely manner.Now, onto the food!Unagi nigiri: Fantastic. Generous cut with nori tie.Tuna nigiri: I don't think I've ever seen tuna looking this ruby red in any sushi place I've eaten at in north america. I could of easily eaten my weight in this tuna alone that night.Salmon nigiri: My wife is a salmon nut and when she laid her eyes on these guys it was like she was staring at a million dollar lottery ticket. The problem I've had with salmon in the past, even the freshest salmon I've had in Vancouver, is that it can leave "slimy" feeling in your mouth. I'm not sure if it's just the nature of the fish, something to do with the freezing/thawing process. This salmon didn't even come close to that. The taste was so "clean" I may just have been ruined for life.Spider roll: Fantastic. The plating was visually stunning and allowed you to get as much sauce as you wanted on your piece. The batter on the crab held its excellent crunch all the way to the last piece.Seafood/Veggie Tempura: Shockingly good. The must of a tempura master working back there as even the one piece of shrimp and zucchini that got left behind when the sushi came out were still crunchy and tasted wonderful towards the end of the meal. If  they serve cold soba (cold buckwheat noodles) w/tempura when the summer heat comes they will have a hard time getting rid of me.Tempura ice cream: Great news, unlike other restaurants in Vegas, they fry the ice cream themselves, which was my wife's gripe with every other sushi place. We got a softball sized ball of ice cream perfectly coated in golden tempura batter on top of 4 slices of oranges. Fantastic.Menu: The menu had a lot of options from appetizers to dinner boxes with plenty of non-sushi items. Summary: At the end of the meal the wife and I agreed that this is our new go to sushi restaurant.  This isn't an AYCE restaurant and it's reflected in the number of rolls on the menu, but lets be honest here: You don't need a menu with 50 different rolls. Hell, in Japan none of the sushi places have more than a handful of fancy rolls. Do yourself a favor and get down to Sushi Imagine, order some nigiri and remember the simplicity that was once sushi in all its goodness.
4	My boyfriend and I decided to check out this place out for Valentines Day, we hit it up for lunch to avoid the crowds. We made reservations, it's a very tiny place so we thought to be safe we should. The lunch menu is smaller than the dinner one, mainly just sushi. There are no vegetarian choices on the lunch menu, which is why I only gave it 4 stars. The larger dinner menu though I did see more options. So we went with sushi. We ordered 5 rolls from a super awesome waitress and didn't have to wait too long to be served. The place is tiny so you can hear everyone's conversations. Everyone was very friendly, the sushi chef was very talkative and talented at his job. The sushi was amazing! We were stuffed after the rolls. They gave us a small Valentines Day discount on top of the sushi being on a lunch price sale! Which was cool since it was a holiday places usually hike the price up. The service was fast & friendly, and the sushi was the best that I have found in Henderson. I will be returning!
5	Reviews were right on this one! I had some miso soup (amazing), a tiger roll and a rock n roll. Both rolls were awesome and I've never tasted anything like it! I will definitely visit this spot again when I come back!
5	Finally an affordable sushi restaurant with high quality fish. I can be quite picky with my sushi but was very impressed with the quality of the sushi.  The sweet shrimp and scallop were both exceptional. Not the biggest roll fan but the rock n roll was very good.  This place has some great sushi platter deals and the lunch specials are very good.  Would recommend checking this place out.
4	I'm not a 'Sushi' sushi eater.  Which means I just eat the Rolls.  Spicy Tuna, California, etc.  I think I'm honest enough to admit that isn't really Sushi.  At least, I don't think it is.  I won't pretend I know anything about Sushi but I will say I liked this place.  I thought it was fairly cheap, delicious, and cozy.  A nice neighborhood joint that didn't have AYCE which seems a bit gross when it's fish and what not.  The chefs (what do you call them?) had head bands (what do you call them?) on and they yelled (nice things) at me when I walked in the door, so that was nice.  They have happy hour on beer and it looked like some great lunch specials.
5	Second time here with the wife and again we weren't disappointed! One thing I should correct in my previous review is that they do a have a larger number of specials rolls than I mentioned before. You just need to look at the marker boards on the wall above the bar.We got there early so take advantage of their early bird special. Between 5 and 6pm every sushi and food menu item is $1 off.I went with my normal sushi fall backs: order of salmon, tuna, seared albacore in ponzu, and unagi. Couldn't be happier!The wife and I also got shrimp and veggie tempura, which she claims is the best in Vegas and being raised in Japan you can't argue with her! Since the wife is a pregnant and decided to play it safe and not eat raw fish so she ordered futomaki (tomago aka Japanese omelette, crab stick, ginger, Japanese spinach). Definitely worth checking out for those of you who avoid eating raw fish.We also ordered grilled squid and was shockingly tender, I only managed to get two pieces before the wife devoured it.I'm so glad to have such a solid sushi joint so close to my house!
3	Pretty good food for the price.  I will go again when I am in town and try some other rolls.  Nothing knocked my socks off, but it is hard to find good sushi in Las Vegas.
5	Make no mistake about it, this place is wonderful. It's great on so many levels...a casual sushi place in a fun, guilt free environment at guilt free prices, served by friendly , smiling people. I can't believe I didn't try this place out earlier, because this is now my favorite sushi spot in Henderson. You don't HAVE to dress up and go to the strip for reliably good sushi-- this place is a gem in the middle of suburbia.We had some tampura vegetables as an appetizer. Good stuff.My girlfriend had the shrimp tampura roll. Pretty standard stuff, but this one was delectably sweet and had some tasty sprouts around it, giving it an extra satisfying crunch.It wasn't the largest meal but I wasn't super hungry so i ordered only two items. I had the spicy tuna roll and their specialty aloha ahi tuna delight... or some name like that I don't recall exactly. The spicy tuna was excellent, the best I've had in years. The rice comprising the rolls was not dry or old tasting and the meat was just perfect. The ahi tuna roll was even more amazing. Each piece had a succulent slice of ahi tuna over it and man...the spiciness was right at my level. Every last bite was blissful-- I can't say enough wonderful things about this establishment.I would have ordered more rolls but my girlfriend wouldn't let me. I can't wait to come back and try more items on the menu. If you need good sushi for a small group in an intimate setting, you can find no better option than this place. I recommend you try it out.
4	I really wanted sushi while visiting Las Vegas last weekend for the spring break event. We were headed to the Green Valley Resort and I thought we would just have sushi there. Then my boyfriend who always finds the best places to eat while I complain about going to them said he found a sushi spot he wanted to check out. So this was definitely off the beaten Vegas path but well worth the short 15 minute drive. Located in a cute little shopping center, we were greeted warmly by the host and decided to sit at a table instead of the bar. We ordered saki which was delicious and sweet. Next we settled on three cut rolls and then some unagi, salmon and yellow tail. The spicy tuna roll was tasty but I really liked the Mr. Roboto roll the best. It was loaded with tempura shrimp and freshly sliced avocado. I do not remember the name of the third roll, we were in a sushi coma by that time I am sure.The bill was fairly low, I guess I am used to L.A. priced sushi. We also got to spin their little wheel of fortune game and I won an order of edamame on our next visit....and since we are going back in July I plan on using my cute little coupon then.Great service and very tasty sushi. Worth stopping by.
3	Love their lunch specials! Especially the curry!
4	I have visiting family in from Nebraska who was craving sushi. As this is Las Vegas and you can find almost anything here I pulled up the Yelp app on my phone, did some checking and I find Sushi Imagine. Coolies, it's located right off I-215 and Valle Verde so it's easy to get to. Why not. But I have to bring my 2 year old along so this complicates things a bit as he's picky. So we go and they are not open till 11:30. Ok, we go do something else for 30 min and come back and they're open. From the outside it looks like it's just another place in a strip mall. Step inside and you'll forget all about that. You have two places to sit, right in front of the sushi bar, or at one of about 6 tables in the place. Service: Expectations totally exceeded. WOW! From the minute our wait person came over to our table until we left, she brought her A game. We had MANY questions and she answered them all. Kids plates, a sippy cup to contain any drink mess, and smiles all the way through. They didn't have a "kids menu" but she recommended several things and we went with Udon noodles. Smart choice. Once they cooled off he practically inhaled them, and was smiling. If he's happy, I'm happy. But it got better. I ordered a lunch special with miso soup, Fried Aji & Kara-Age. Oh wow. I couldn't finish it all, not that I didn't try. There was nothing on that plate from the salad on down that I didn't enjoy. But the real treat was the sushi rolls. We ended up ordering a Rainbow Roll and a Dragon Roll. While the way they were presented at the table was nice, the ear to ear smile that my family member had was all that I needed to see. But a quick bite left me wanting more! Good stuff!When it was time to go our server helped with bagging our food, and we got to spin a wheel on the way out where I won 2 $1 off coupons for my next visit. And I can assure you there will be a next visit. I really like this place. When I can't make it over to Kyara this will do just fine for my Japanese fix.Edit: I'm revising my ratings a little bit. I don't want to give 5 stars out so much so this is where I'm starting to change my reviews up. Just because it's only 4 stars doesn't mean I wasn't smiling from ear to ear with a bounce in my step when I walked out the door.
5	We love this place! It's near our house and has great, fresh sushi! Many roll options and even has a non-sushi menu.  It's family owned and operated, which I always like to support.  The owner/sushi chef is very friendly!  It is small, however, so I'd suggest a reservation if you have a big party, but with 2 we can usually find a seat at the bar.
3	I had the chicken teriyaki + tempura combo and a ca roll for 11 on a monday afternoon.- cheap deal! 5 bucks for the combo! 3 for the roll! 1 for a soda!- small combo portion. few pieces of chicken. 4 pieces of tempura (1 shrimp), tiny bit of mac salad, salad, rice and couple oranges.- good music! they were playing utada hikaru :)- fast and friendly service. - nothing special with taste, but expected for what i got. - good lunch in between work.
5	my fiance and I just moved here from Orange County and not to sound like a snob but we are keen on top notch sushi. I have been to a few places in Vegas and am not big on the sushi I have experienced. Most places are all you can eat and give lots of rice and charge extra if you don't finish every grain! Sushi Imagine has fresh cuts of fish, they do not over do the rice, great service, and reasonably priced.  Two people two large beers and free saki total was 75 bucks before tip! That is reasonable in my book. I would def recommend the salmon, the mermaid appetizer, and do not forget to check the board for specialty rolls. I am a picky sushi eater and have already been back here several times since my first visit!
4	I tried Sushi Imagine for lunch, I have yet to go there for dinner. After yesterday's lunch, I'm really looking forward to it.After drooling over some of their food pictures, I decided to head there to try their famous Sunshine Roll. However, after looking at the menu, it would've been foolish to not take advantage of their lunch specials. Tuesday's $5.00 lunch was grilled mackerel & kara-age(bite-size fried chicken) including salad, rice, & miso soup. I settled for their 3-piece nigiri, tuna, salmon, & shrimp with California Roll. Accompanied with miso soup, also. $5.95. Great deal, I thought. Fish tasted fresh and yummy. I'm not sure if I looked at the kids menu, because they had a regular chicken teriyaki bowl special for $2.99. I ordered that for my son and we shared everything. Our bill = $9.56. Nice! Moms of toddlers: it was ultra cute when the server brought my son an adorable kid's plate, that came with matching fork & spoon!It's a small place with only about 5-7 tables and seats at the sushi bar. The staff  greeted us warmly and our food was served fast. Our server was very nice, I did notice she forgot my water. No big deal since I had brought a water bottle for my son. That is overlooked if my server is smiling.. and remembered my extra wasabi! Other thing that was noteworthy was she seemed hesitant when I asked them to substitute my shrimp nigiri for something else equivalent. They did...just was hesitant, it'd make me wonder if they are very open to substitutions. I'll see when I go back!I glanced at their rolls and dinner combos. Rolls were priced about the same as other sushi joints, and dinner combos had a big variety to choose from. I'll write an update after trying their Sunshine Roll my next visit. I just had to say I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch there!
5	Delicious food, friendly service, great values. It's a good decision waiting to happen. Imagine it.
4	Just rolled myself out. It was delicious and fast. We'll be back for sure!
4	Big Wheel of Fortune! Much better than other places in town. I'm not too adventurous in my sushi taste but I like it to be good. The rainbow roll melted in my mouth. $60 for 6 rolls and a couple of appetizers. I'll be back. Also I won 20 Sushi Imagine Bucks on the Wheel of Fortune.
5	Imagine a place where you get to spin a big fun wheel with dollar bills all over it and hear that authentic ticking sound of possibility. Imagine a sushi chef who remembers your name and knows some Hawaiian. Imagine spicy tuna hand rolls that are the right size rather than superfat. Imagine The Beatles on blast for hours. So I may be a little starstruck because I won $20 this past week on the sushi spin wheel, but i really like Sushi Imagine. I have taken advantage of the $1 off all food items by arriving between 5 and 6 pm but kind of felt like I was robbing a loved one. Though I would do it again in a heartbeat.This is truly a fun place to be and yet another unexpected way to experience community in Vegas.Salmon nigiri and spicy tuna hand rolls are the best. I order two of each.
5	Sushi Yeah ... Best food and service!I have been MIA from Yelp I actually lost 25lbs.I had to break the diet and since i was going to get off the diet ... why not get the all the weight back with SUSHI !!! :)Give this place a try ... one of the best hidden gems.
5	Recommend for anyone that want great sushi with great atmosphere. What more can you ask for in a restaurant? I really couldn't ask for more. I really can't believe anyone giving this place lower than five stars. I guess that's just more great sushi and great service for me! Will be going back again really soon.
5	This place is awesome.  It's always pretty quiet which is surprising because its by far my girlfriend and I's favorite spot to get sushi in Henderson or Vegas.  We recommend the hello kitty roll, my favorite roll ever.  The staff is always very warm, friendly and welcoming also.  Don't forget to spend 30 plus dollars to get to spin the wheel and win some money off of your next bill
4	A solid little neighborhood sushi joint. Nothing too fancy pants here, but simple stuff served from the sushi bar and from the kitchen.Not wanting to limit ourselves to just the fish, we went with a combo that included a salad, some sushi, miso soup, tempura, and chicken karaage. We also added a roll and set forth to eat a modest dinner.The soup arrived first. A fine bowl of miso. Then the platter with the chicken, sushi and tempura veggies. All were solid. I was a big fan of the chicken but you have to like karaage to enjoy the texture. It was served plenty hot and was definitely juicy. Tempura veggies were a light golden color and still crispy without being overdone. The extra roll came last and was generously portioned and a welcome addition to the mix.Strip mall sushi spots are some of my faves--because they're so unassuming you can often have your expectations met. Such was the case for me. Simple dinner, then back to the hotel. Easy peasy.
5	Love this place!  Perfect place to get my neighborhood sushi fix.
5	I love me some Sushi Imagine during lunch time. They have $2.99 California rolls, $2.99 teriyaki chicken bowls, and $.75 drinks! As well as, $1 off any sushi (including rolls) and a lunch special of the day and a lunch menu...I could go on and on and on.Everything is fresh, the sushi comes out quick, the wait staff is amazing. I believe if you spend over a certain amount of money, you get a free spin at some prizes. However, I am a cheapie and I never order enough to do a spin. The only, only, only, thing missing about Sushi Imagine is that it is not an AYCE restaurant! Womp, womp!+1 star for colorful straws.
5	What a great little neighborhood sushi place! Get there before 6pm and you'll enjoy $1 off each roll. We enjoyed the sushi, shrimp tempura (cooked just right!), miso soup and cucumber salad. We'll definitely be back.
4	Good sushi, yummy miso soup was tasty as was the seaweed salad. I had too rolls, both were brought quickly and were fresh. Cute little neighborhood joint. I'll be back!
5	I walk in, sit down, and they already know what I want. They've never forgotten me from the past time i was here. This is customer service. Love is place.
4	Enjoyed the sushi bar. Prices are reasonable. The seaweed and fish tasted fresh. Tried Spicy Tuna Roll, California Roll, and Vegetable Tempura. I would try again if in the neighborhood.
5	There are usually three employees, the sushi chef, kitchen chef and hostess/server. For such a small operation with about six tables and eight seats at the sushi bar they do a hell of a job.
4	Every once in a while I have an intense craving for sushi, not a "time of the month" kinda thing, but a craving that leaves images and scents and flavors of sashimi, nigiri, and rolls completely polluting my mind. Now its a real pet peeve of mine when people consider themselves a self pro-claimed "Sushi Connoisseur." "Dahling, I've been to all the finest places and have had the finest, freshest fish!!" Turns out they've been to I Love Sushi twice and they became an expert on raw fish with a damn California Roll. Aside from my digression, I'm not an expert, but I know what I want and how I want it. That being said, this review is biased (but I guess you could say that about them all).  First time here, my friend and I missed the $1 off specials by a few minutes, but I was alright with that because we were there for a good time. I always order a garlic tuna and fatty tuna first as my "appetizer." Yes, did those tunas appetize me! I've noticed many sushi restaurants have their own rendition of garlic tuna, usually just soaked in garlic ponzu, but this had a thin smear of wasabi and was actually topped with minced garlic. My mouth is watering as I type this, but I still would prefer the simple soaked in garlic ponzu... (I've had too much change these past months.. So maybe I'll adjust). And of course the fatty tuna melted its omega-3s far too quickly once it hit my tongue.. It's a love-hate kinda thing. We shared 3 rolls: dynamite, volcano, and tiger eye. We enjoyed all 3, but not for their price and the fact that the selection of rolls seem to have the same innards but are spruced up by different fish on top and/or the sauces they are smothered in.Food and service give this a 3.5-4/5, price knocks it down. I left satisfied, but could have easily eaten more. I think this is a fun neighborhood spot, but I prefer getting the same quality with more bang for my buck. Luckily, I have a $1 off the bill next time....
2	Im considering trying this place out a 2nd time...maybe tonight was just a bad night for them. Service was way to slow for a sushi bar, my date and I got full off the drinks, edamame and gyoza. The staff was so nice but I just can't get over how log we waited for a plain chicken teriyaki roll... ill update this review next time :(((
4	Something, LoverSoul, Hurricane Rolls are delish! Also te halibut is always good here!
5	Super nice staff. Sushi chef took our order directly from the counter and checked in on us throughout the meal. Very fresh and lots of variety of sashimi and sushi rolls on the menu. Have to check out the "add'l menu" on the whiteboard next time.
3	The food here is unremarkable. The service is friendly, but I can't eat friendly.Who I'd take here: A date that wasn't picky with sushi. Comparable to: Any other sushi restaurant.Notes: As of mid-August 2013 this place is closed on Sundays.Food Quality: 2I only ate the sushi here and I would not recommend it to an avid sushi eater. I question the quality of their sushi rice. A sushi restaurant is usually either: all you can eat, poor quality rolls; or sublime, expensive. Sadly, this place falls somewhere in between and takes negative traits from both categories: you will pay a lot for subpar sushi and leave hungry. I was at first pleased to see pork cutlets on the menu, but for some reason this is served as an appetizer and not orderable as a meal item. One day I will have katsudon again, but not from this place.-1 disappointed with the food.Service Quality: 4The only positive of this place is friendly service. There is also a prize wheel. For every $25 you spend there, you can spin a wheel to win things like free beer or sake.+1 friendly service.Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2This place is in a kind of remote area suburban area with no other attractions.-1 remote area.How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(2.7) =  3
5	I go here about once every two weeks. They consistently have great quality sushi at a good price.  I love the rainbow roll and the hello kitty roll.  I also get their lunch special of 4 pieces of spicy tuna roll, 3 pieces of sushi (tuna, salmon, and shrimp) plus soup.  All for $5.95.  Perfect for lunch.  They are always friendly, and if you spend over a certain $$ (30?) you can spin the wheel. I won $20 coupon once!!
5	So good! Stopped in with my family tonight. The location isn't anything impressive, but don't let that deter you. We had seaweed salad, cucumber salad, edamame, grilled squid, and a couple of rolls. Everything tasted fresh and was delicious.
5	Delicious!  And easy on the wallet compared to other good sushi joints.  Very small, quaint yet comfortable location.  Glad we have another option in Henderson - especially one that my kids enjoy too.  We'll be going back.
5	We moved here from the northeast 4 years ago.  We have tried all  (I mean ALL) sushi restaurants and have found none better than Sushi Imagine.  It is a family run business and the Sushi chef is Japanese.  Everyone is pleasant and the presentation of the dishes is beautiful.  Fish is ALWAYS fresh.  My husband and I go there every Friday for our weekly "business lunch".Come join us.  You will be happy you did.
4	Efficient and friendly service, excellent lunch specials, sushi was fresh and delicious. Recommend the Tarantula roll, and their California roll was best I've ever had (simple roll, excellently prepared).
2	I was there for lunch a couple weeks ago and got the chicken lunch special. My mother got the same thing along with a spicy tuna roll. The chicken was undercooked and pink. I didn't notice because of the sauce and luckily I didn't get sick. The spicy tuna roll was good though, and the service was ok. You can't beat the prices.
5	came in for lunch on a Monday. I was coming back from checking out Hoover Dam and didn't want to go to the strip for some sushi. This place's Happy Hour deal was a bonus. The sushi was on point. Friendly usual customers as they came in and greeted the chef. I overheard they said it is their favorite sushi spot. Glad I came in. The people next to me had this interesting appetizer that I never seen before but they said definitely try it next time. It was kiwi, spicy salmon, cream cheese and some other stuff on a lightly fried wonton skin from what it looked like. When I come back to Vegas area, definitely would come back for more. Not really into paying for over inflated priced sushi on the strip.
4	First time in here and we ordered the rock n roll philly, hello Kitty (amazing), playboy (next time I am getting it Spicer!), and the lover boy. The server was very friendly and the gentleman at the sushi bar was extremely nice! We eat sushi all the time and like trying new places. And glad we decided to check this place out. Will be back for sure.
5	I eat a lot of sushi and this little hole in the wall is one of my absolute favorites in town!  Try the hello kitty roll, jalapeno tuna, and rattle snake.  Delicious!  They have the freshest tuna I have found in the whole Las Vegas area!
4	Great service! Barely any wait time. Royal Philly and caterpillar were my favs. They also have a fun wheel to spin at the end.
4	good food good service. very friendly people work here and they are attentive and respectful. cant beat 5$ lunch specials
5	This place is absolutely incredible! I love this place and its food! Just thinking about the name of this location makes me hungry for some of their food. Oh, and don't even get me started on the prices, for their prices are amazingly in budget, so anyone could pay and eat there.
1	Not good.   All I had was a few rolls but it was pretty bland and dry.    Don't think I'll be going back.    I'll stick with I love sushi
4	The service and food have been excellent for me every time. Vegas has a lot of sucky service but this place is not one of them!!"
5	Small family-owned sushi bar with great vibe, great food, great sake, great Beatles memorabilia and music playing...yes that's correct. Beatles music and memorabilia. Very relaxing place. Staff knew most customers by first names. Very casual. And friendly prices to go with the excellent food. Who needs the glitz, hype and high prices of some sushi palaces that feel more like a dance club than a dining experience....this place is like the friendly neighborhood tavern.
3	This place was okay. It's very small. The price expensive for the portion they give you, very little. I was not impressed after leaving this place.
5	I feel like all I've been leaving lately is 5's, and that I'm being soft, and not critical enough. But thanks to Yelp, I always seem to find gems recommended by the amazing reviews from fellow Yelpers, like this one... Sushi Imagine is the ISH!! So be it, 5's all day for this one too. I really don't even want to elaborate, because I could write about them all night, but Chef Aki deserved a high accolade for the precision with which he runs his establishment. Fresher than fresh fish, imaginative menu, and wonderful family vibe, I feel like the sushi at this place was made just for us with incredible love and care. Returning to Sushi Imagine is my favorite time in life!! Spin the wheel, and come back all the time!!
3	Good food, but food was room temperature. I like the sushi to be very cold. Very small inside. Wonderful service , full of smiles. Good prices
4	Cool concept with the Beatles theme, and uniqueness of sushi rolls.  Also the wheel spin after the end of your meal is a creative and fun way to get people coming back.  I've had better sushi, but the experience is great!
5	I love Sushi Imagine!! We recently moved to Vegas from LA, and we were anxious about finding a good sushi spot. My sister introduced us to this place and it doesn't disappoint. Their attention to detail is superb, not only do they remember us, but they make space in the coolest spot of the restaurant because we have kiddos in tow! They have kid friendly cups and utensils, and are wholly attentive... And did I mention the sushi?! It's delicious!! Perfectly spicy, unique rolls that will please even the pickiest eater.Lastly, they have a wheel to spin where you win money or prizes toward your next visit! We always have a blast spinning the wheel, while the restaurant cheers us on! Kid friendly, delicious, and affordable. Dooooo it!
5	Hello kitty roll is really good here. I saw the reviews and coming from la where sushi restaurants are a dime a dozen. It's pretty good. I also had tonkatsu and it wasn't dry on the center. The chicken teriyaki is good not the best but pretty decent. I want to try the tempura ice cream. The service is really good she kept checking on me I haven't asked for Anything ye but there is only one other group here right now. They also have early bird that is a $1.00 off sushi.
4	First let me say that despite the shining yelp reviews, my expectations for this place were really low (it IS in a strip mall, after all), so it couldn't have been hard to exceed them. That being said, I think even if I expected great sushi, they would have done fine.I am not a huge fan of the mayonaise-laden, saucy, rice monstrosity -type rolls. I like traditional nigiri, those tiny rice and seaweed with just a little bit of seafood, raw fish type rolls. The rolls here were pretty good - not too much rice, not too much sauce. We got the caterpillar roll and the king croba roll. Both were good. We did not see the highly-praised hello kitty roll on the menu, but we did hear the table behind us asking about it, so it might be something you have to ask for specifically. The amaebi nigiri was also really good, and I definitely give a little extra credit to any sushi place that has amaebi. We also had the creamy mermaid, which in my head I imagined to be some variation of a crab rangoon, but it was actually just an entire shrimp inside a wonton with just a light smearing of cream cheese. They were light and very good. My boyfriend also had the spicy tuna handroll, which I thought would consist of that supermarket ground tuna, but was actually thick pieces of real tuna. The service was also fantastic. I guess I should have given this place a little more credit! I'll definitley be back!
1	Hubby and I tried to eat here but it smelled like they had a plumbing issue so we left.
5	I really loved the fresh sushi here and the family who owns it was very nice.  I will be back.
5	Sushi was really good!! Service was great & the staff is very friendly. Love the wheel spinning...great way to keep your customers coming back, other than the amazing food.
3	Went here last night. The prices are great and the food is decent. Not my top choice but I would give it another try just because the service was great. I also loved spinning the wheel when I paid my bill.  I won $2 in sushi imagine dollars. Fine little gimmick. It's also super small and quite.  I had a long day at work so this was the right place at the right time for me. The waiters were sweet college kids doing homework on breaks. It's got that family owned vibe and I dig it.
5	Today I had lunch at this restaurant and let me tell you the idea of a $5 lunch box in today's economy, is beyond unbelievable Till you try it, the $2.75 California roll I got to eat for under $10 including tip. What a deal.The service was closer to 6 stars the server under stood my order and was overly attentive, with all the tables full, my water was never less than 1/2 full.This type of restaurant would normally be 4 stars at best, but Emory made it perfect and got the 5th star.
5	Great hidden gem! This place will be our sushi joint from now. Sunshine roll was very creative and Hello kitty roll was spicy done right. Unagi melted in my mouth. Glad we found this place!
4	I was in the Green Vally area for lunch and wanted sashimi. I yelped sushi and       Sushi Imagine was the closest and highly rated. This was my first time here.  They don't have a sashimi lunch special(which they should) so my waitress suggested I order the sashimi dinner(16.95) as I wanted salad and rice also.  It was all very good and with generous portions. Service was great and it seems tobe a family run business with many regular customers.I was happy and will return.
4	Finally had the famed Hello Kitty roll! For those who are wondering, I am pretty sure / if memory serves, it is shrimp tempura, cucumber, and yellowtail (maybe?) wrapped in seaweed and rice, then topped with more tuna and avocado, some kind of tiny egg (not the big roe, but the grainy-looking stuff), and mayo sauce. It was pretty good, though I was not completely blown away by it. Had the Rock N Roll, which I personally liked better than the hello kitty roll. Next time we are going to try the Hot Rock Roll.All the specialty rolls here look so good, and I know I can trust them to not be too ricey. I'm going to have to keep going back to try new things! Also had the jalapeno bomb appetizer - deep fried jalapenos stuffed with spicy tuna and cream cheese - definitely has a little kick to it, the slow burning kind of jalapeno spicy that you don't realize is hot until you've already eaten all 4 pieces. I definitely ended up drinking an entire glass of water trying to eat these (but I am a wimp). We had a creamy mermaid coupon and a $1 off coupon from last time, which they had no problem using at all. The service continues to put this place over the top. Fast and friendly, just the way I like it. When we arrived on this visit, there was an open 2-person table near the door, but they cleared a 4-person table really quickly for us in the back, as it was pretty cold outside and there was a bit of a draft. Going to have to come back soon to use my $1 off coupon! What a great marketing idea :)
5	It's a tiny little hole in the wall but quite tasty. Everything was great--Hawaiian poke was probably my least favorite but still yummy. There were three of us and we had 4 rolls--a couple salads and some miso soup. I would definitely return for another dinner.
5	Best sushi in Vegas. Served by Itamae Aki, everything is excellent. If you're in the 89012, this place deserves a visit. Don't miss the specialty roles listed on the wall (they are hand written in size 5 font so sit to the left at the sushi bar if you want to read).
