2	If you need a place to stay in Vegas, this fits the bill.   It's an older building that has it's glory years behind it.   If you are just looking for a place to sleep a few hours here and there, this is nice.   If you are looking for a room in which you can relax and just rest up, this is not the place for you.   The prices are fair, but the place is getting old.   Expect to take the stairs and the old elevator system just can't keep up with the current demands.
3	You get what you pay for.....  the rooms at the Fitz are inexpensive...they aren't exciting...but... I think they have been improved upon since Colleen stayed there three years ago.I split my trip between the Luxor and Fitzgeralds...so after the Luxor,  you can't expect anything to be fantastic on Freemont Street...it's heyday was before I was born...that being said...It was very clean, the carpets looked brand new, everything seemed fresh, came with all the basics...iron/ironing board, blow-dryer, coffee maker, in room safe (free), little shampoo and soap stuff -- not sure of the quality I don't use them.The parking garage is small and scary -- not in that unsafe someone might abduct me feeling, but in that crazy person flying around the corner and there isn't much space feeling -- the first 5 floors are valet only.  Parking is free if you are staying there.The elevators are a little slow, they move at a good enough pace, but there are four that serve all 34 floors, so if you stay, say on the 28th floor, expect to stop for everyone along the way.Krispy Kreme, McDonald's, Don B's Steakhouse, Shamrock Cafe, and Molly B's Buffett are on site...and the handy thing about Freemont Street is you can walk to all of the other places in minutes...as opposed to on the strip where it can take days just to work your way out of the hotel.  =)
2	This casino according to what my Mom told me that she used to come here in the early 60's when Fitzgerald's was "HOT" and very popular amongst the tourists and celebrities alike.Now that I visited Fitzgerald's, it was visually an eyeful for myself because this casino I consider as a throw back into the 50's-60's time capsule!  Wow!  Such preservation in time and the casino employees were wearing the old uniforms of this casion's grand hey-day!Please take a peek at the pics I took of this casino with my Nokia 6260 camera phone.  My pics will open your eyes to an era long ago the way Las Vegas Locals used to call this side of town,  "a class act."Oh, yeah, one more thing-the slots machines were just as tight here as on the Las Vegas Strip.  So, please don't waste your time or bother with playing these slot machines!BTW:  During my visit to Fitzgerald's, I was getting hungry, so I went to Tony Romas with my Mom and her partner/companion Mario for lunch.  I made lunch reservations because the wait time was like 1 and 1/2 hours!  To our dismay, the waiter was very RUDE, obnoxious for no apparent reason when we were seated after being called on the waiting list, so we left!My Mom, Mario, and I got into a row with the manager over the stupid waiter!  That stupid, RUDE,obnoxious waiter made my Mom cry!Surprisingly, Mario knew the owner of this Tony Romas Restaurant because Mario plays golf with the owner!  Still, Mario was livid with the waiter, so Mario took my Mom's cellphone and called the owner while we were in the restaurant!  Needless to say, the manager finally sat us down-our food was comped, but the food was badly prepared.I will NEVER eat at this Tony Romas Restaurant at Fitzgerald's!  NEGATIVE 20 MILLION STARS RATING FOR THIS TONY ROMAS RESTAURANT!
4	Yeah, this is what I am talking about - old school Vegas.  Convenient to the Fremont Street experience.  I lost my parking ticket and the nice lady parking attendant let me slide.  So, extra star.
3	day 14 this drive around the country. the loneliness comes from the immenseness. this country is huge and varied and it's mountains and plains and canyons enormous! their rivers, lakes, etc. i needed to be around people again. where else than las vegas. i came here to see a show with susan r and my buddy tony. we saw larry g jones. a man of a 1002 voices. the casino was small and typical of the downtown area. old and historic but not as nice as the newer ones on the strip. the ticket lady looked like she hated her life. larry was full of energy but only 1/3 of his stuff sounded like the real person and he did ross perot and gw1 impersonations. that's kind of dated but his audience may be older. it was just funny how old vegas it was, like something that got cut out of the movie swingers. i enjoyed it but its not the best. but did cure the isolation for a bit.
3	Although by far not the best, Fitzgerald's is quite adequate for tables.  The minimum hand is super cheap (some are $1) making it perfect for showing beginners the ropes.  It can even be profitable.  Last time there, my friend received $301 off of the $1 roulette table after playing only four rounds!
2	These guys have nice clean bathrooms and are convenient to the bars up the street if you're grossed out by the bathrooms at the bars. Also, even if you're just in the casino to use the restrooms, they don't hassle you. But they sure do make a weak vodka tonic.
5	Stayed on the 31st floor here, the elevator went up and down quite quick. Was much quicker than the elevator at Excalibur. The room was perfectly fine, no complaints. Very easy to get out of the casino and onto Fremont Street, quite convenient to catch the Double Decker to the Strip.There's nothing I can really fault them on. It's not the Strip, but if you aren't looking for that experience, this hotel is great.
1	Normally I would give this casino 2 stars, but they definitely dropped down a point after an incident that occurred there last night.See, when I go to Beauty Bar or The Griffin, I park my car in the Neonopolis garage, and head over to FItzgeralds to get my parking validated before I start my evening.  They used to have the validation machine by the cage, but have recently moved it to inside the table games pit.  I always walk in and have a floorman validate my ticket, but last night they gave me grief because I hadn't been gambling that night.  Now I have given this casino plenty of action in the past, but because I was not playing this particular evening, they didn't want to validate my parking.  So silly.  I definitely understand the reason behind their reluctance, but guess what, this is just one of the costs of running a business.  Any other place that validates parking downtown wouldn't have put up a fuss, and now I have no desire to play in their casino in the future.Honestly, I'm not really missing anything.  The place is small and the dealers are pretty rude.  The only good thing about this casino was the location -- it's the closest casino to Neonopolis on the far east side of Fremont.  I will continue to give my business to Binion's from now on, as they are much friendlier and appreciate my action.  Goodbye, Fitzgeralds.
3	The location is awesome. Right on the Fremont Street experience. The Golden nugget is way fancier but also almost quadruple the price. Basic rooms with no frills. Who cares though? I go to Vegas to gamble and party. I only need a basic room to sleep for a couple hours.I didn't do so well at Fitzgerald's but I won money and broke even at the California. It turned out my friend Riley's band was playing right next door so that was a huge plus.
2	Nothing special about this joint that I could find......and $4.50 for a lousy bottle of domestic beer( Bud Lite) at a downtown casino bar.......give me a break.  Should have told them to take it back and gone across the street to get the same thing for $2.00.
2	As you enter, you're 'treated' to some of the tackiest GREEN EVERYTHING.  Nothing spectacular here.  Safe.  Room quality and service varies, but OK place to stay.  The Fremont Experience is free and very cool to watch.. the first few times.  Fairly safe location for downtown.   New owner needs to invest in updates.  Place looks worn.
5	I really don't have anything negative to say about my experience here. With exception maybe of a dickhead waiter and a snippy foreign 21 dealer. Oh, and the elevators were a bit scary.For the most part though, everyone did an amazing job of pretending they actually liked us. The casino staff, the desk staff, the laughably un-funny comedians and the other patrons all seemed to be actually having fun. Obviously,the whole environment was carefully crafted and calculated to keep us there and spending, but the friendly personable veneer was nearly flawless.
3	What do you do when your go-to spot is a bust and can't find a taxi in the cold ass winter?? You end up at this joint!Ended up here after a quick snack at the pizza joint across the way.  The crew was attracted to the cheap booze, cheap tables and SLOTS!  Definitely not the Wynn, more like if Motel 6 had a casino....Had a blast here though...what more can you ask for! Still love hanging out in Downtown LV where you can kick it old school!  The slots and tables were nice to us. Thanks!
5	Great gaming and love the good time!!  Pit boss's there are the best , the only complaint would be the Asian girl at the front desk that was rude when I asked about me not being able to charge things to my room, even though they had our credit card!
3	I stayed here by booking the least expensive hotel I could. Its not the most glamorous place. The decor does look very old and tacky. Its not on the strip. It doesn't have a great restaurant . . . . . but . . . . . I didn't have to pay a lot. It wasn't really all that far away from the strip. Besides, I didn't spend all that much time in the hotel room anyway. It was really just a place to sort of nap, shower and change to go on to the next place. For the money, I'd stay here again.
3	Fitzgeralds on Fremont street is a difficult hotel and casino to review.On one hand it has an overall dingy impression, staffed by people who look like they have been in Vegas for decades. On the other hand, the rooms are inexpensive, clean and nice.The staff is actually  very accommodating to your needs. Sometimes I wonder about the demeanor of the staff and think maybe they look the way they do because of all the "dingbat" people who frequent this casino. It is a nice, inexpensive place to stay - again rooms are very nice, not spacious, but nice. Nice Hotel - poor casino......................It is just not so great a place for entertainment, or eating. It seems to me that the management throws in a few "food places," "bars," and a small room with "entertainment" as an afterthought to the casino action.They for sure, do not use them to draw in gamblers to the casino.One of the very best things about Fitzgeralds is driving in the parking garage. Or should I say the parking box  ......It is the exact opposite of the large parking ( spacious) garages located on the strip ...... Mandalay Bay, Mirage ..... etc.It is small, with narrow quick turns and is very steep. You have to make it to the 6th floor of the garage to find public parking.That converts to 5 floors of triple hairpin turns.Unparalleled excietment  !  !  !They could run an event like the Pikes Peak Hill Climb, called the Fitz Garage Bash and give prizes to the cars that make it to the top in the quickest time.................. it would be a great event    ....... much better than the "dingy casino."Maybe a good scrub would help this casino - because the rooms make it a nice place to stay.
3	We came here because of the big sign advertising Vegas' only "Master Kazooist". Sadly, he was not playing that day, else I'm sure this would have been a fiver. But at the bar, putting a 5-spot into one of the sticky video poker machines and having at it for a few minutes got us free beers (which are regularly priced at a buck fifty, bee tee double you) from the nice old bartender. We saw a couple of aging prostitutes, a lot of really crusty old dudes, and generally the sort of thing you want in a dingy, small casino. I scored a sweet huge bucket of nickels, then blew them all trying to win the convertible Saturn on a Lucky Seven machine. Got a skimpy Jameson from the irritated-looking waitress who looked nice in her short shorts even if she was wearing Hooters hose. We spent about 45 minutes here, which was honestly about 20 minutes too long, but the bucket of nickels required some work to burn through. If anyone sees the Master Kazooist, though, tell me all about him....
3	Fitzgeralds is a somewhat dingy casino inside the Fremont Street Experience. It is actually the newest casino on Fremont Street having opened in 1980. This fall the ACE bus rapid transit system should radically speed up access to the strip. Expect low room prices, good odds on table games, and aging slot machines.   Although the advertised meals are very inexpensive (especially the $1.99 breakfast)  the coffee is $2.25. The combined price makes it not much less than some of the breakfast at the Fremont with a bigger selection. The 10 oz ribeye with shrimp for $8.99 and salad bar is available all the time. The fine dining steak house is only open THURS-SAT now.
4	my former favorite hotel casino silverton pissed me off when they started charging me for rooms in 2008(in a friggin recession!)  in fact, fitzgeralds is currently the only casino i have a player's card from , that offers me complimentary rooms.  they get it-- don't pretend yer not a little desperate when gaming revenues are dangerously down at every casino(everyone knows).  my friend & i stayed 3 nights during st paddy's.  we have nothing bad to say about the fitz. it's a fun, clean, vintage hotel/casino with a good location(downtown/fremont).  the check-in staff member & player's club staff were very nice/cool. we both won at their craps table.  they played GREAT irish cd's on st paddy's(i heard ' dark streets of london' by pogues).   keep being the smartest casino in vegas/keep the comp rooms comin', & you'll build up loyalty with me.  a 5min walk from hogs & heifers.
3	They have a pretty good craps game over here, friendly dealers and good patrons.  Won a little the first night, lost my ass the second in about 10 minutes but that's how it goes.  They also serve Guinness which is a big plus.  The interior of every casino looks the exactly like the next on Fremont so this one's nothing special but worth checking out when wandering around downtown drunk, aimless and with a few bucks left in your pocket.
4	they haven't offered comp rooms since the 1st time  5 months ago.  no comp rooms, no loyalty.
2	My girl friend and I drove into Vegas for our "Let it all Hang Out" mini vacation of sorts. We had reservations at the Palazzo Hotel and Casino (see review), however we drove all night, arriving in Vegas at 630am and desperately needed sleep. Unfortunately, The Palazzo was unable to get us into our room until 3pm and I could not wait as I hadnt slept in about 30 hours.It was Olgie's grand idea to stay at Fitzgeralds. I could care less as my eyes were begining to roll back in my head. We scored in that we were able to check in at 630am and check out at 2pm for 50 bucks! We waited for the elevator for awhile. So long that I opted to start playing some video slots near the elevator hallway. We made it up to our room, two double beds, I washed my face in the old school looking sink and slid between the sheets and was out like a light. Olgie, called and asked for a wake-up call and she hit the sack too. The call came in and we were up. This is where my recallection really begins because I could have really cared less before my little nap.The bed was hard and obviously old. The linens were clean, thankfully. The room was definately dated, I would say the last time it had been remodelled was around 1984. Ha Ha. Honestly, I didnt care. You're in Vegas, you arent supposed to be in your room! The bathroom was a nice size, big enough for two girthy chicks to move around in. Everything seemed to be fresh and clean in that bathroom. We packed up what we had taken up to the room and headed for the elevator. Again, the elevator was taking For-ev-er. At one point I was wondering if the elevator was broken. Once we got down to the Casino level we decided that we were going to check our luggage and go do some shopping on Freemont Street. We waited for about 10 minutes for the Bellman to check our luggage. I felt bad for the poor guy because he seemed to be about 102 years old. We did our shopping came back and I waited about 10 more minutes to uncheck our luggage while Olgie went to get the car. Its an old place. You get what you pay for and if you expect the Bellagio at this price, you have lost your mind. What I have gathered from reading these reviews is that everyone has their own taste when looking for a hotel. I wasnt impressed, but I also wasnt displeased by the experience. Would I go back, probably not. But, I would recommend it for a budget travelor.
5	I come here to gamble, get smashed, and subsequently get sick. I've spent many an early morning curled around a toilet, promising God that if he doesn't make me puke I will NEVER EVER drink again. Yeah right. God knows better. The Fitz never fails me, three years running now. Like most downtown casinos, they staff seems hell-bent on getting you drunk as quickly as possible. As long as you're tipping regularly and appropriately. The casino is small, in comparison to the other downtown joints, but it's very well laid out and is jam packed with tables and jingly jangly slot machines. I prefer the Nickle Mania machine where a max bet of 15 cents just might earn you over $200. The video poker at the bar has been all too kind to me. I've hit four royal flushes in the two years before I moved here. Now that I'm local, it seems the machines know better and only serve to make me lose my money more slowly than usual. Which allows me more time (and more money!) to order drinks from the amazing bartending staff. The bar guys are hilarious and appreciate a good tip. Tip them well (none of this pussy $1 a drink tips, c'mon now), and they'll treat you well. It's as easy as that. Catch them on a slow night, and they practice their flair right in front of you. Sometimes it's impressive. Sometimes the alcohol spills. Either way, it's a good show. Upstairs they have more slots, some restaurants, and a second bar which is called "The Vue." You don't need a drink in order to step out onto the large patio and lookout over Fremont. Misters keep you cool and your drinks diluted. I always get asked for my ID by the roving security guards here. Never anywhere else in Vegas. Just at the Fitz. I guess it keeps out the under aged kiddies. There's a Krispy Kreme and a McDonalds downstairs. I've had my fair share of Spicy McChickens while playing Blackjack. I have no shame. Fitzgeralds has been good to me. Great drinks, great staff, and I usually win money or take forever to lose it. The casino is definitely a keeper for me, but I would never consider staying in the hotel. Not because I live here, but because I hear the rooms are atrocious.
5	This is a very pleasant, quiet, clean hotel with nice-sized rooms and comfortable beds. We spent five nights here for less than $200; it would have been less except the rates went up for Bikefest. I'd say we got more than we paid for. The ice machine never ran out. (Having to go to a different floor for ice is a pain, and I've paid a lot more for hotels that had crappy ice machines.) The water pressure if anything was too strong, something I've never encountered in Las Vegas. The pool area was pleasant, offering music and a nice hot tub as well. We could hear a litte of the bass from the Fremont Street performances, but it wasn't enough to be disturbing and we had a nice view. The hotel layout is smart, with the room elevators being just a short walk from the garage elevators so you don't have to schlep your luggage a great distance. The room elevators were being upgraded, but three of them were always in service and the wait wasn't long even when there was a big crowd of guests.All in all, I'd definitely recommend the Fitz as a hotel.
5	I LOOOVE FITZGERALD'S!!!!! A beautiful and fun Irish casino which is cozy enough to enjoy every night as a regular and big enough to have fun! See the Fremont Experience Light Show from Fitz's balcony, watch a free live show on the main floor, have an ice cream at Swenson's or a fish filet (my fave McDonald's item) at Micky D's, or just eat at one of Fitz's super restaurants: The Cafe, Limerick's Elegant Dining, or the great buffet (breakfast is my fave here)! Come here on St. Patrick's Day and enjoy the special celebrations and the beautiful red-headed Irish chicks!!! Simply the best casino by far in downtown Las Vegas!!!
1	Um wow. I can't believe I stayed here. I can't believe someone convinced me to stay here, and I can't believe there was a mysterious red stain that ran down from our window facing the ally down 10 floors to the ground. WHAT WAS THAT?!?! Creepy.I stayed here over CES weekend because as you know, when CES happens Vegas gets from $ to $$$$. All the hotels know the participants will pay and some will pay very well just to get a place on the strip. My friends decided to book the Fitzgerald to forgo all the expensive places on the strip and see what Fremont / downtown was really about. BIG MISTAKE.First, they still charged for parking. Com'on, its downtown, what the heck? Even the strip doesn't charge for parking! And it was billed to our room on a nightly basis. Second, the place was difficult to find an entrance into, I remember circling around for a while and then finding the ally way in which the garage entrance was. It also wasn't particularly easy to get to the rooms from the garage and it was a huge inconvenience with lots of luggage.Finally, the rooms ... beds are terribly hard and smells of mold. The rooms are not well lit and looked dirty, smelled dirty and made me feel dirty. The bathrooms are extremely badly ventilated and somewhat moldy. They need an update badly! What scared me the most was our elevator which was running everyone up and down had cracks in between the joints. ?!?!?! Goodness, it was an experience indeed. I would definitely not stay here, nor downtown again.
3	I had to book a hotel for a sunday night in which all the places on the strip were charging $150+.  I went on hotwire and manged to bag this room for $19 for the night.  Was it worth $19 a night?  Sure.....let me cover it.This hotel/casino is located downtown away from the strip which turns many people off.  I had a rental car and didn't mind that.  For $19 a night compared to $150+ I can deal.  The place was packed due to the Summer of 69 ending the day prior and I was surprised to see the Fremont Street area covered with people.  As I went to check-in, we found out the system is down for 20 mins because they reboot the computers every night at midnight......Well...okay.........couldn't you think that perhaps 3-4am would be more suitable time to do such a thing?  So, we waited and got checked in.  I don't recall the room we were given but it was on the 24th floor high up above Fremont Street facing The Plaza and Main Street Station.  Impressive view in my eyes considering we could see lights as far as the valley would go.The room itself was average.  Probably what you would get at a motel on the side of the road on the east coast, perhaps like a cleaner Super 8.  The bathroom was nice, the beds were alright and the price was right.Beware: Check-out times could take a while due to the elevators of Fitzgeralds completely sucking.  It took 15 mins to get from the 24th floor to the ground level due to everyone checking out at once.  Gotta love 2 elevators operating at a time.For the price it was worth it, however, I'm more inclined to stay at the newly renovated Golden Gate Casino Hotel which boasts rooms at the price of $19.06. Maybe I'll give Fitzgeralds some play next time, because I didn't gamble a dime in their casino.  I simply came here to drop my bags off, head to the strip and then to come back and sleep.  Everyone gambling seemed to be having fun.....so perhaps I should try some double deck blackjack that pays 3:2 and $3 craps......can't be any worse than the Plaza or Vegas Club's dingy casino floors.
1	This place, like all other downtown places, smell like piss and bums.  No thanks.
3	This is for the casino only. I cannot vouch for anything else. They were very tolerant of my friends and I at 5am. They still served us alcohol and the $5 i spent  on penny slots (which i was loudly renaming penny sluts. It was 5am people) lasted for what seemed a long while. I will come back the next time I am stumbling drunk at 5am in downtown Las Vegas. Mwah!
5	So my friends and I came to Vegas for New Years. after losing a couple hundred dollars at slots from mostly MGM we took a cab to the old casinos here in Vegas downtown.Our first stop was here at Fitzgeralds. Obviously runned down and more of a locals spot my friend and I started playing the "deal or no deal" slots and we immediately started winning money. I won about 40, my friend won about 60. The best part is my friend lost is Palm Pre and their security turned it into "lost and found".I definitely wouldn't stay here to sleep, but we will be back someday to spend our precious saved up, hard earned money. Fuck the main strip for playing slots!
5	Oh gawd, I have always relied upon the kindness of strangers.Particularly, the poor people who work at the McDonald's inside the Fitzgerald's. How many times did I stumble in here in my teens to drunkenly eat chicken nuggets and then pass out in the back booth? More often than I should have done, that's for fucking sure. I recently had a complete and total flashback - ended up taking a quick nap, and then sobering up on black coffee with a shot of hazelnut syrup.They must see everything. And they never judge me. Thank you, McDonald's at the Fitzgeralds, your coffee and greasy fast food makes me sober enough to drive home.
2	First when i arrived at the casino about 8:30 pm we had to wait in the lobby for 25 mins because there computers were down and we could not check right in..Then there's an odor in the casino that hits you when you open the door gross..We check in and the rooms suck the carpet looks like its never been washed the lamp had food stains on the base gross...The best thing about this place is the shower and I must admit the food at the courtyard is great worth the trip 2 eat there but don't stay here...Then we called about the elevators because we saw previous reports and they said OH WE HAVE NEW ELEVATORS yea right...They were so slow that when u finally got one it was over crowed because everybody wants to get on and at one point there was a shoving match so they sent security which was the maintenance man to ride up and down..REALLY....We will never be back...
3	Another typical Fremont old-school casino and hotel. I have not seen the rooms, I have not stayed at the hotel, and I am pretty sure that I don't want to.  With that being said . . . gambling here is fun! I did great on the roulette tables (always bet 0/00) and ya gotta love the lower limits!  $3 Craps!?!?!  Of course, after spending a day or two on Fremont Street, all of these casinos start to look and feel the same.  I started having to remember them by the food options and where the bathrooms are located.
3	If my partner was writing this, he'd give it a five star rating.  He love's the $2 black jack tables.  I play the nickel slots and come out alright.  Their comp program is one of the best we've seen at any casino.  Easy to earn enough for some gifts and their promotions sent in the mail make it easy to come back to Vegas.
1	I take regular trips to Las Vegas for work, and on this past trip I happened to find myself staying at Fitzgerald's, or "The Fitz" as the sign read. Of all the Vegas hotels i've stayed at, this one is my least favorite to date.Our first interaction with the Fitz was the parking garage, which although free, was seemingly to small for the casino as there was not one vacant spot in the entire garage. Check-in was quick and fairly painless, however our room was less than favorable. The TV was off to the side of the room, completely off-center from the bed, the room smelled of deodorizer, and the bed is by far the most uncomfortable thing i've ever slept on. Just a step up from a thinly carpeted concrete floor.I wasn't a fan.
4	I know for a fact that most people will say why would I give it four stars. I just can't give this part of town three. Im not a trendy person and I don't let old things make me thing its no good. I had a good time playing the games and the price of food is like being at home. Alot less people and cheaper things to do is why i like part of town.
3	Not a bad place to stay. The price is great and it is right on Freemont Street. The rooms are old, yes, but they are clean. The only negative part of our experience is the rude waitresses, and the servers who are scarce when you are playing the penny and nickel slot machines. We had to practically track them down!
3	My family used to like gambling here a lot so I've been to the place quite a few times.The whole place just feels very eerie to me, I have a love/hate thing for deserted and/or vacant areas in buildings that are still in use(see my review for the Tropicana). On one hand, they make it easier to ghost hunt(the best ghost stories in Vegas come from the Flamingo and Bally's but unfortunately none of the alleged haunted areas are easily accessible unless you're staying in the hotel), on the other hand, they make me feel kind of depressed. If I ever get the guts to go ghost hunting one day, the Fitzgeralds would seriously be high on my list of places to investigate in Vegas.Back in the day, there was a really cool place on the 2nd floor called the Video Jukebox Lounge. The video jukebox had TONS of videos in it. They got rid of it. Why they did so, I will never understand. It was pretty much the only thing the place had going for it really besides McDonald's and Krispy Kreme. The front of the casino is very crowded, the back of it is practically deserted, just like most of the other downtown casinos(and thus the reason why I think they'd be prime ghost hunting locations). The buffet never has a line, is pint-sized, completely open to the casino and looks downright laughable. Definitely doesn't look like it would be worth trying at all. The pool also looks like it would suck, it's right next to the street and has an apartment complex-esque gate surrounding it. Way to fail at seclusion. The best thing about it is the balcony on the second floor which allows you to overlook Fremont St. (I love Fremont St. so much. It's been a while since I've been down there.)I would only give a 2 star rating, but they get an extra star for potential ghost-hunting opportunities, sponsoring the Black History events that take place on Fremont St. every February and the balcony of course.
4	3$ blackjack tables, can't go wrong with that! The gf & I checked out all the other casino's in the old downtown area, and this place by far had the friendliest and most fun dealers & workers.Only not so cool thing is the servers don't really come around to provide drinks. but at a place with such cheap tables, whatcha expect??Usually the younger kids tend to hang out in the strip, but downtown Las Vegas is a lot of fun because of places like this.We'll def be back someday!
4	This review is for the Courtyard Grill & Buffet on the 2nd floor. My bf and I have eaten here 2x since moving to LV. Our 1st time walking the Fremont St. Exp. we decided on this place b/c it said AYCE pasta...my bf's loves pasta. SO... we went upstairs. I was very reluctant @ 1st b/c the whole area looks older and I was envisioning the horror that was "Al Dente" @ Bally's. . the worst pasta meal I've ever had in my life coast to coast. Florida to CA. No lie. I was shockingly and pleasantly surprised. This had the made-to-order pasta = diff. sauces toppings, shrimp, ckn, meatballs,etc. it was soo good and perfect portion. They also had a beautiful and very fresh salad bar. lots of pre-made salads. The 2nd time I came thats all I came for.. I was cutting down on my carbs and decided to have nothing but soup & salad and its worth it for $6!!!! hell thats what you pay @ subway for a footlong & a bag of chips. If you go before 6 pm its $6. for dinner. You can't beat that with a stick. Take that mandalay bay bayside buffett.. disgusting for $45/head on sundays.. por favor. They have nothing on this place. I highly recommend. i'd give 5 stars but I've only eaten here 2x and I'm not a fan of the downstairs area of the fitz.. just the food!
2	The hotel's only 4 elevators are pittifully slow (2 are usually out of service every time we've stayed).  My complaint was met with a "sorry you feel that way".  The elevators that are running have so many people in each, I must sadly wait for a less full one to stop on my floor...sometimes bypassing 2 or 3 times.  Unfortunately I chose not to use the stairs...that option is definately for the physically fit. The blackjack table dealers are always fun and hold uplifting conversations with us who play.  Cocktail service does not come around frequently so excusing myself from the tables to get my own drink from the bar is common.Steaks in the Don B's Steakhouse fine dinning restaurant upstairs were superb and they pulled off a wonderful surprise birthday dinner for me.
4	This review is for the casino only, as I did not stay in the hotel.I was staying on the strip, but a group of friends and I decided to venture down to Fremont St. for the cheaper gambling.We wandered into Fitzgeralds, and quickly found a seat at a $3 blackjack table.  Unlike some other places that offer $3 blackjack (i.e. Hooters), Fitzgeralds actually seemed to have more than 2 of these cheaper bet tables.  The dealers were friendly and upbeat, and the cocktail waitresses were quick and very attentive.  All in all, my short experience at Fitzgeralds was pleasant.
4	This is a review of Kevin Burke's Fitz of Laughter which I went to see last night.Burke is a great entertainer!  His show is just about an hour in length in the second floor showroom at the Fitz.  He does some great jokes and the show is quite funny.  In addition, he does some mentalist-like tricks.  I know he "forces the card", but he does it in such a slick way, I just can't explain how he does it.Last night, he "borrowed" a cell phone from a young thing sitting in the front who was texting during the show.  I'm not sure if it was an arranged thing or not, but we all had a lot of fun with his texting the woman's boyfriend using her phone.I'd see this show again any day!
5	Talk about bang for the buck!!  It's not fancy or posh but clean and comfortable.  All of the on site restaurants are delicious, and there are gads of inexpensive gaming options. Be sure to sign up for their players club for even more discounts and special offers.  One of the main reasons my friends and I keep returning is Antuan, a bartender at the main floor bar, who not only makes the best dark chocolate martini, but always serves them with a smile and is protective of women customers.The bell service is super too.  From the trunk of my car to my room and back, everything is taken care of.  The front desk checks you in with a smile and there is easy in room tv checkout.They seem to have worked out all the elevator issues from the past and so it is smoothing sailing to even the highest floors.
3	fun place , very nice people . show was good , i will eat there next time i go.
2	Party time!
1	Casino: plenty of new games to keep players amused both old and new. The two floor layout means the upper level tends to get less smokey. Lack of washroom facilities (there's only one near the check-in desk) on the ground floor can be problematic for those playing on the far side.Restaurants: Ground floor McDonald's and a Krispy Creme. Upper level a Steak House (which has been closed every time we visit for the last five years.. we must have terrible timing lol..) and an open restaurant that has a buffet for some meals and also menu ordering.  Other: Nice that it's on the Fremont Street Experience. Parking is free for guests, you just sign your ticket with your name and room number. Others get 4 hrs free but I believe they have to be validated at the hotel desk before you leave the hotel. When we were there one of the two elevators to the parking garage was out of operation so the waits were pretty long. Only two towels for the bath so if you need an extra one for your hair after you and your spouse have showered, you're out of luck.Hotel: Never again! Like I said we have been coming here for years. It's always been on the slightly yukky side, odd stains, bathroom corners not really clean .. I'd *never* go barefoot .... but it's definitely gone downhill from there. This time we found bedbugs which totally grossed me out. We should have checked the bed and headboard before we unpacked but did not suspect them. I will never stay in this hotel again.
3	This review is for the gaming in the casino. I've not stayed here, nor have I eaten here. My wife and I do not play table games(blackjack and pai gow) often (maybe once every couple of months), but this is by far our favorite place to play.The good:- Tables with low minimums- Very friendly, helpful dealers- Laid back fun loving crowd- Friendly wait staffThe Bad:- very smoky- small casino floor- very busy on weekend nightsWe've played table games at almost every downtown casino a few Strip Casino's and a few local's casinos. We always come back to the Fitz. We primarily play for fun, and the crowd and dealers here have been the best at facilitating that enjoyment.
2	Fitzgeralds is like a funky old person in sandles with their toe nail fungus for the whole world to see. It makes me shutter just to walk thru it, and want to take a shower when I get back to my hotel.  2 stars for the cheap tables and food. Note: It's crowded here...there are people who like it.
4	Great staff, everyone was very friendly and helpful. We got an early check in and a late check out with out a charge. The rooms were kinda of dirty you could tell the bathroom had not been moped in months and the bed sheets would not stay on the bed even when you were just sitting on the bed. Overall for the price of this place especially Superbowl weekend it was well worth it!
2	We stayed at "The Fitz" this past weekend, but only for one night (which was our reservation through hotels.com).  Our room was upgraded from a regular room to a suite (but I think it's because we checked in late and they probably gave away our reserved room.  The room was large, but a bit outdated.  Eh..whatever.  We didn't come to Vegas for our room.While the price was good, there are several reasons we won't stay here again.1. The parking situation is a WRECK.  There was no parking in their entire garage so you had to valet you car.  2. Some of the people who stay here are sketchy (please don't tell me about sketchy people in Vegas...I used to live here!).  Someone needs to put up a sign in the elevator that says NO SMOKING- for real.  Someone was actually smoking in the elevator.3. The location is at the north end of the strip...I mean, ALL THE WAY north.4. The casino is small (that's ok by us since we didn't gamble) but what that means is all the smoke is confined to one area.  You simply can't walk through the casino without smelling like a cigarette.  It's just not possible.I found the staff to be ok- nothing great, nothing special...but then again, we really didn't interact with them.  Valet was quick with our cars, even during prime check-out time.  We had no problem with the elevators and we were on the 28th floor.  Maybe that issue has been resolved?We wouldn't stay here again simply due to the location.
2	Another downtown disappointment.....old, smoky, and uninteresting.  The slot machines are not up to date, the place needs a major remodel or needs to be imploded.  Yes, the table games have low minimum bets....if that's important to you, good.....but it doesn't do it for us.  My friends and I walked through just to see if we were missing anything....not.Return Factor - 10%
3	I bought a large quantity of alcohol here to help stave off the fact I was trapped on Fremont with a group of insane friends.  Their "finely priced hobo wine mixed with slurpee" poured into a whalebone made traversing the place bearable.   Also, they have the hot rockabilly girl promotions everywhere;  can't be mad at any casino who at least tries to distract you with that.
5	I've had so much fun AND luck here it is ridiculous. I've hit the jackpot in nickle slots twice, in two SEPARATE years. There are waitresses who are bringing you a drink before you are done with your current one. Mgmt, please do everyone a favor and get some clothes on these ladies. They are nice enough but as old as my mom and it is just a weird combo. Anyway, I come here year after year and recognize a lot of the workers. I'm visiting Vegas for my 6th time soon and can't wait to stay here. Whenever the STRIP takes my money, I always come back to this place and win it back. You guys used to offer live entertainment. Wish you would bring that back. The vibe is laid back, easy breezy. The other gamblers are usually friendly and chat you up.
5	Great place on Fremont st many things to do very fun place
1	AVOID! AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!Stayed there 4-11-11 to 4-13-11  for two days of Hell!!Is there a negative number I can give this dump!!  I called two hours before I arrived in  Las Vegas for a two day birthday trip.  I was quoted a price of $29 per night, but when I checked in, the price rose to $59 for a Monday night, and $39 for a Tuesday night.  I did not appreciate the old  " Bait and Switch!"   The hallways had a musty smell, with weird stains on the carpet. My room also had a awful smell, and the air conditioner unit blows right on you when you are in bed, which made me stuffy.    I had a corner room #1723.  My bed was was too soft for me.  The sink clogged constantly, and my shower was leaking water at a high rate.The cafe were you got a free breakfast was okay, but the hostess and the servers had an attitude due to the free breakfast coupon.  The casino sucked, I lost $20 very quickly so I decide to gamble elsewhere.Valet service was very slow, and the pool was located across the valet parking structure. I am posting some photos from my room, to prove the clogged sink and running shower faucet.I wish I would have stayed at Four Queens instead of this DUMP!!!What a huge waste of money it was to stay at Fitzgeralds. I loved how they tried to ruin my birthday trip!!  I will not stay again!!
3	Fitzgerald's is a middle-aged casino lined up along Fremont Street.  While the Golden Nugget and the boutique hotel of the El Cortez suggest that stylish upgrades are on the rise in downtown Vegas, Fitzgerald's hasn't jumped on that train yet.  Let's just say that it's functional.  It has gambling, a really old carpet and wall to wall slots.  And the table dealers are friendly (enough).  So it's not a favorite, but there are some highlights.  Specifically, the Vue Bar on the second floor offers a balcony overlooking Fremont Street with great people watching (and dirt cheap beer).That's the good.  The bad?  Well, let's just say there's a vague smell of vomit on a Saturday morning.
5	My favorite place to play table games and Keno on Fremont Street. I could spend all day in their Keno lounge. Also they have a $2 blackjack table that usually has a wait to sit at. I've played at it for 6 hours straight one time, and only had to spend $40 to do so. They are also the only place on Fremont with 2 floors of gambling. They used to be the only place I played slots at till they got rid of my Indiana Jones machines, now I do all my slot playing at Binions (because of their awesome reward system) make sure to use your players card. The rooms are worn and outdated, but have always been clean. I love they always give you a matchplay coupon every time you check in. I've stayed here a total of 7 times, on 7 different trips to Vegas and service is always good and rooms are consistent in cleanliness. Also, if your interested ask them for either a number 24 room (excellent view of Fremont from number 24 rooms) OR ask for a jetted tub room, some of the rooms have jetted tubs in them and there is no extra charge for them. It's usually rather cheap depending on the day you book and if you use hotels.com or vegas.com they give you 2 free breakfasts for each night you book (every time I have booked anyway), which really can't be beat. The breakfast coupons can be used anytime of the day, they used to include a free drink and could only be used till 10am, but that has changed. No drink and good anytime now.  The ribs in their restaurant are delicious and really cheap. The parking lot is really narrow on the turns but I've always found a spot. The elevators in garage are awesome, they take you right down to the check in desk and from check in it's a short walk to the room elevators. Which is extremely rare to find in a Vegas hotel. I love Fitzgerald's and cannot imagine going to Vegas and not visiting them.
4	This review is for the Courtyard Grill & Buffet on the 2nd floor.  Came here when it was closing. Got the last piece of prime rib and it was huge due to closing time. It's bigger than advertised. I got the fries and they gave alot of them. Prime rib was delicious even though it was sitting there. My friend had the NY steak and it was great. Service was excellent too. We both got Mr. Pibb, the waiter gave us the pitcher.I would come here again but many other places to try while visiting.
4	$2 Blackjack! ...do I need to explain further?
3	I don't mind the FitzDingy rooms but it's downtownGo out and party
4	I've been going to Downtown a lot this Summer, and I do tend to pass through "The Fitz" on a good portion of those adventures.  As far as casinos go, it's not amazing, but it does have a few things going for it.The upstairs is a little nicer than expected.  I haven't tried their steakhouse, but it looks potentially reasonable.  The bar doesn't look bad, either.  I've never stayed here, so I can't verify the validity of a friend's claim who has, but he said sleeping on their beds was like sleeping on a plank of wood.  Of course, he dislikes the Fitz in general, so he may be biased.  It is also due to this dislike that I have bought him a number of Fitz souvenirs in the past.  The wearied look on his face has makes it money well spent for me.  Yes, my reasons for liking this place are twisted.Their outside sign is one of my personal favorites, and looks great at night (especially when ziplining past it), and the best time to visit is easily St. Patrick's Day, as they really play up their "Irish" theme, and the drinks flow like the Mighty Mississippi.The place isn't glamorous by any means, but it adds to the overall personality of Fremont Street.  And as I've mentioned in the past, it's the personality of the area that draws me back again and again and again.
2	I didn't stay here, but we did eat at the cafe.  I wouldn't necessarily say it was bad, but I will say this....  When ribs are the special of the night and it's past 7pm, you can definitely expect that the ribs you order were cooked sometime before noon that day, or the previous day.  That is all.
2	Stayed here for two nights.Pros:- Cheap- Good locationCons:- Unfriendly staff- Horrible food- Very smoky
3	This was my first time visiting downtown las vegas. There's definitey no comparison with the infamous strip. We stopped in the fitzgerald to use the restroom and decided to try our luck on some of the slots. This is your old skool type of casino because your could use change (to play. It was so weird seeing people with the big cups you use to use back in the day. I put $3 in the penny wheel of fortune machine and won $26 on my first bet and took my money and ran. LOLOL. I am not a big gambler so I felt like I hit the jackpot.  :-0  After my big winnings, we had some crispy creme donuts right before you left this casino.
3	Really needs a renovation. Stayed in 2007 and came back in 2011. Nothing has changed and I doubt it ever will.
4	The first time I ever stayed at Fitzgerald's was by chance or circumstance. I was in town, Downtown Las Vegas that is, and the price was right. Extremely  right. I have stayed there numerous times since. If you have to be downtown, it's not that bad.I am not going to polish a turd here. It is an older Las Vegas hotel. I just ain't to proud to beg. The rooms are like any other downtown hotel, save the Golden Nugget. The bar on the second floor of the casino is f'n great. $1 or maybe now $2 beers. Blue Moon last time I was there. The VUE bar it is called. There is a great balcony where you watch all the dumb s#!% that happens on Fremont Street. Ziplines and such like that.They also have a "Piece of the Blarney Stone" for you to kiss when you visit the players club area.  Not sure about that one.So at the end of the day, I say "Come to Fitzgerald's. It's not that bad." Last time I was there, I stayed in a suite. It had a hot tub and some wrap around windows. Pretty nice room and super cheap beers and stuff in the casino. I was ok with it. The room did however manage to have dead artificial plants. Which I think is either somehow amazing or just really janky.
1	Maintaince and maid service should be better.
2	2.5 starsI have some really fond memories of Fitzgerald's. I visited this location as a broke college student and though it is off the strip, the beds aren't the comfiest, it reeks of cigarette smoke and lacks all the bells and whistles of the modern Vegas hotels we have all become accustomed to, Fitzgerald's has a few things going for it: 1. Cheap drinks at the bar.  SUPER cheap!2. Cheap slots and card games. You can play the penny slots and $5 blackjack tables to you heart's content3. The staff here are absolutely amazing.  They are friendly, accomodating and will bend over backward for you. This is a great low cost option for those traveling to Vegas on a budget.  That being said, "The Fitz"could really use a facelift.
4	this is a review for the buffet upstairs.SUPER CHEAP. WORTH YOUR MONIES.Ok this casino definitely isn't a great casino. Everybody talks about how shit downtown is cheaper... It IS cheaper. Cheaper by price and cheaper by quality. Its an older vegas hotel, and definitely not as "glamorous" as the golden nugget (as glamorous as it gets). We walked in because of the huge ads outside in the 'downtown strip' for the cheap steak and salad/soup buffet for $8. THE FOOD - the place is located upstairs in a corner, next to the sad and dismal looking poker room. The food is actually good for its price. I definitely was in need of some unlimited salad, and the selection isnt bad. The leaves were fresh and there were a wealthy amount of toppings to choose from. the steak wasn't amazing, nothing compared to a Smith & Wollensky's or a high end restaurant, but it was definitely worth its price!! I ordered a mucho nachos and OMG. the plate was HUGE!!! They didn't skimp out on the specialty at all. It came with all the fixings. I love nachos, and I'm glad that this place didn't disappoint. Service - we were served by this really nice black man. I'm sad I didn't get his name. I wanted to tell him that it was really great and that I really appreciated his genuine politeness, but he was busy in the kitchen when I left. This isn't a great hotel. It's pretty run down, and the crowd isn't the same glitz and glamour crowd you'll find on the real vegas strip, but if you're looking to explore downtown and looking for cheap cheap eats, this is actually pretty much worth your monies. Note - i also saw someone order this HUGE dessert. didn't get to order it, because it was stuffed from the unlimited salad bar and my humongous nachos, but I'm sure they have a good selection of desserts as well!
2	Cheap price and horrible customer service. Casino staff and management  unfriendly and not helpful when asked for directions or about services. Did not post a disclaimer regarding no full face paint or masks until two days before Halloween. If I had known about it, I would have gone to a different hotel. The ONLY REASON I did not give them ONE STAR is because they have a GREAT CLEANING STAFF.
2	We did not stay here... thank goodness!  It is crowded and hot and loud and a drunk group of travelers.We came to visit the Vue bar.  The outside patio is small with very few tables.  However, if you can snag a table over looking the Freemont Street it is a great place for a $3.25 cocktail.We did stay and play some penny slots.  Came out even and had fun for a few minutes.Would not go out of my way in the least to visit this hotel OR casino.
4	.., haven't had the pleasure of staying here yet, but if you're on Fremont St. come by & check it out.$2 beers/drinks? Yes sir, I'll take TWO! My gf Diane & I came by to check out the lightshow during the night. Stopped by Fitz's & had us some beers. $3 & $5 Blackjack tables, count us in!
3	Love it here because their casino actually pay's out, the rooms are affordable and decent, and freemont is the place to drink beer.  Would stay again for sure.  The serving staff in the casino kept me wet with comp beverages consistently.
3	I love Fitzgeralds for super cheap craps.Sometimes the dealers (excessively) break wind and blame the customers.Not the crap shooting I had in mind.
3	I did not stay here but I came here for the Courtyard grill and buffet. It had the best deals I have ever seen in vegas. This was my first trip to vegas staying in this area and I am quite impress. Fitz is located right in the center of the old vegas strip (fremont street). And at night they have a light or movie show on the ceiling outside which is sweet... and also don't forget to do the zipline. funn..
1	Went to Vegas to meet some friends last weekend.  I've stayed in downtown Vegas numerous times and knew to expect an older casino.  Booked our hotel room at Fitzgerald's on Expedia.com and got the room for super cheap.  $55 bucks a night w/free breakfast for a Friday and Saturday night stay.  I was happy with the price of the room.  We arrived late Friday night.  Got the room key to be disappointed as soon as we arrived in the room.  We had booked  a king size bed online.  We called the front desk right away to request a room transfer and the front desk said they are sold out of king size rooms.  My husband is 6'8" and can't fit on a queen size bed so we were pretty upset.  My husband asked for a refund or credit and right away the front desk said they weren't able to do that.  We were bummed.  Room was super old and dingy, dark and uninviting.  Internet service was an extra $11 a day for WiFi.  And I didn't have very good cell service inside the hotel.  TV looked about 20 years old and had limited channels to watch.  Made sure I checked for bed bugs because the place looked sketchy (none found).  Location of this casino is excellent right in the middle of old downtown Vegas Fremont Street.  So close you could hear the party from inside your room as if you were outside parting all night with everyone else.  So if you like sleep don't stay here.  Also walls in the hotel are super thin, we heard conversations all around us from other rooms and hallways.   Prices at the tables were cheap, but I did notice the display board on the roulette table was broken not letting you see previous ball landings.  Waitresses all night never asked if anyone in our group wanted a drink, after 3 hours we left the tables because we needed something to drink.  Our group headed upstairs to the bar and we were ignored by the bartender.  We sat playing the bar slots for a  few minutes noticed the bartender look at us and started a nagging session with another server instead of greeting anyone in our party.  Got the feeling both were unhappy with there jobs.   Bar was super empty with only two other people at it and wasn't sure if they had been served or not either.  Annoyed by the lack of customer service I went to the pit boss downstairs to complain about the service we received.  Pit boss had me fill out a written one page form explaining what happened.  Pit boss said sorry but that was it.  For the remainder of the weekend I refused to spend another dollar in the casino, I took my money elsewhere and will never stay or play their again.  By the end of the weekend my lungs really hurt from the lack of filtration from the smoking in the casino.  Pay a little extra and go to the golden nugget or Fremont casino to stay.  Way better service and cleaner accommodations.
1	Went here for the prime rib special and to watch fitz of laughter comedy show. Both were good, but this place gets a one star for the lack of customer service. When my girlfriend went to cash out her gambling ticket, the worker (a 50 year old black lady) snapped her finger up in the air at her at told her "i can't help you with the baby in here." I understand their are rules, but the worker had a rude attitude. Her boss was right next to her and did nothing. When i took the baby outside and my girlfirend went back, the same worker threw the money out and counted it with an attitude and then walked away without saying thank you or anything. We will not be back to support these ingrates.
2	A casino only review: While Fitzgerald's has changed it's name to The D - Las Vegas, this change is fairly recent. While I'm sure they have many good things planned for their place along the Fremont Street Experience for many in my family there was only one main attraction to go here. Old school slots that paid out in coins, not paper vouchers. If you wanted a small taste of old school Vegas it was there for the taking. The D has said something about expanding the old school slot section and I hope they do. Otherwise, with so many better experiences along Fremont Street you would be better off going elsewhere.
5	I love the new D!!!!! Awesome place and the best thing is they are Rey liberal with taking care of players. I stayed at Caesars this week and played over 25 hours at tables. I ask for George Wallace tickets and they say no!!! Soooo we went downtown and played or 3-4 hours and was given show tickets and food! We asked abt rooms and they have us one for the weekend! They will get all my gambling money. The rooms are very nice! Screw the corporate casinos!!! Go with the smaller, private casinos bc they care!
4	The Fitzgerald is a 3-star hotel with 5-star customer service! Sure it's older than many on the strip, but for the price, the convenience, and the top-notch customer service; the Fitz is a win! This property has a portion of the original Blarney Stone from Ireland. It is fabled that if you kiss this stone you will receive the 'gift of gab' and with it you will become lucky. Now, I would strongly suggest against kissing this portion of the stone (or any for that matter), and I think the Fitz is against it too, offering sanitizer alongside the stone. But a quick rub for good luck never hurts (get your mind out of the gutter!). The slots are current and although I have never had much luck playing, Ily won quite a few times and felt the Fitzgerald has looser slots than many others along Fremont. Since I'm a stickler for acceptable restrooms, the public bathrooms were very clean, extremely clean in fact; which makes me very happy. The rooms are mostly your standard fare; bed(s), tv (non-flatscreen), large window, lamps, seating area with table and 2 chairs, and a bathroom (tub/shower mix). The room and bathroom are also very clean, and the views aren't half-bad. In fact, we have an amazing view of downtown from the top floor. We chose a non-smoking room and there is not a trace in the air. The bathroom is pretty large and there's a sampling of nice toiletries. The beds are older, but still comfortable, with clean linens and cushy pillows. If you are a freak about secure locks like I am, you will be pleased with these; although I would prefer something more substantial as a top lock over the old school chain the Fitz currently used. The deadbolt is hefty though and that helps. The restaurants are actually pretty tasty, with great customer service (once again). You can dine in the hotel at pretty much any price point, which is a plus if you suck at casino games like me (or if you are naturally lucky, like Ily!). Perhaps Ily's winnings will bring us a new review of the ziplines over fremont.... We will see!
2	No big loss here - 100 year old cigarette smoke dripping off the ceilings , not exactly prime nightlife too bad it closed . I almost shed a tear .
