4	Decided to try Vine on a Wednesday night with 3 colleagues.  Arrived at 6:15 and the place was busy.  We sat at the bar for a few minutes while waiting for a seat.  DECOR:  I have been in this building when it was City Range and it was very "compartmentalized" and you felt shut in to an extent because it had a lot of rooms and it wasn't very open.  Now, this place is beautiful.  You can tell some real thought went into the new design and they did a great job with it.  Very open and inviting, the kitchen is also open and there are a lot of windows to see outside which the previous location was lacking.  Spoke to the owner, Bill while we were there and he told us about the open air seating in the bar area for nice days and the sitting area with the fireplace will also be able to opened up on nice days as well.  I Can't wait for that!SERVICE:  Very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  They weren't pushy and we were served in a timely manner and didn't feel rushed.  Only compliments, no complaints.FOOD:  Very good.  Very diverse menu with something for everyone.  We started with the Black Bean Chili which was a hit for all members of my party besides my wife's, it was the best I've had.  I ordered the Ribeye as an entree which was perfectly cooked and well seasoned.  Served with a side of broccoli and a baked potato.  I thought the value of this meal was excellent, perfectly priced for the area.  Other members of my party had the half chicken, crab cakes and herb seasoned roast beef.  Everyone was pleased with the meals and we all left happy.We chatted with the owner for a few minutes while we were there and it is refreshing to have someone with an entrepreneurial mind open a restaurant in that location.  He has some great ideas and I am confident that it will succeed.  Great job Vine!  Keep it up!
3	I think it is necessary to give a little back story before getting into my review...I called earlier in the week to ask about their reservation policy because we had a party of 8.  When I spoke to the hostess she indicated I had to speak with their event planner for a party of "our size" because they can't really accomodate that many and they don't take reservations.  No call back so I called again 2 days later and left another message.  The event coordinator called me back eventually leaving me a pretty rude voicemail reiterating that they only have one area by the bar that can seat 8 people and their banquet room was booked already.  She proceeded to say that they anticipate about an hour long wait for a party our size.  From the very beginning I felt like having a party of 8 was the biggest hassle!  I called back and asked to talk to a manager since this was a bday and we wanted to at least have some type of communication that this oversized party was coming in.  The female manager was not very helpful and just simply said they aren't really set up for larger parties so I can try to call ahead and they will just do what they can.  She just acted rather snotty and once again as if this was majorly inconvenient.  Not impressed at all!Quick wrap up...we were sat right away.  The waitress was pretty nice.  The place is big...nicely decorated..not intimate...looked like a chain restaurant from the inside.  We ordered the guacamole and fried green tomato apps and they were both pretty bland and small portions.Some tried the ribs, the flatbreads, salads, burgers, etc.  Everything was just ok.  One member of our party didn't get his food until we were all done due to the waitress's mistake.  It happens, but no manager apology, and really it was barely mentioned by the waitress.  She did offer a free dessert at the end so that was nice.The banana cream pie wasn't good, the key lime pie was super tart and the apple crisp was the table's favorite.Overall, the food was average at best.The service was averageFor the price point, you can do better.  I wouldn't return.
2	We tried Vine the first week it opened for lunch, and it was good.  So, we decided to go there and try if for dinner tonight.   Very busy, which was an initial good sign.   Unfortunately, that was one of the few good signs for the evening.- The waiter started by asking us if we had been there before, and when we said we had, he said it was "unusual to have repeat visitors."- 2 of us ordered filet medium, which came out well done.   I give the manager credit for offering to redo the steaks, but since the flavor was still good, we decided to keep them versus waiting for new steaks.  One of the baked potatoes was lukewarm, so we sent it back.   The potato they brought back was exactly the same.   As for the steaks relative to the price, they were small, thin filets for the price....$29 for the entree.- I ordered the jambalaya.   It was average, with the prominent flavor being salt.- To make up for the overdone steaks, they did offer us a free desert.   Nice gesture, but for a new restaurant, I would suggest they offer a gift certificate and ask us to come back and give them another chance, plus a comp for at least one of the meals.- When the waiter went through the dessert options, he said that the key lime pie was "standard, nothing fancy".  - the wine list was good, with a wide selection and price points.   We decided to order a Washington State wine that was very good.  In summary, there are many choices in the south Charlotte area that have better food at a lower price point.   Vine American Kitchen may end up being a good after work scene, but they have some work to do in order to compete with the other food options in the area.
4	We went to Vine on a Saturday evening around 6:30.  I had seen some other reviews about long waits, but we were seated right away.  The interior has a dark, cozy feel to it that's very similar to 131 Main as other reviews have stated.  The bar area looked like it had some comfy couches, TVs, etc., and the dining area was upscale casual - great for date night or a family outing.  As to the reviews about Vine not accommodating large parties, I didn't see any seating larger than a 4-person booth.  Our server (Lauren?) was fast and friendly and had some good recommendations.  We got the BBQ shrimp appetizer, which was solid.  I got a Pear and Bleu Cheese salad with chicken for my entree, and my fella got the salmon and asparagus.  The food was cooked well and was pretty tasting.  For all that and 3 glasses of wine, it was about $75, which seemed a smidgen pricey, but not terrible for a weekend night out.  All in all, Vine seems like a great addition to a neighborhood that seems to either have super casual restaurants (Bad Daddy's, Mellow Mushroom, Duckworth's) or super fancy restaurants (Global, Gallery).  I hope it sticks around since that location has been tricky for other places in the past.
4	I went last night with my Sweetie for New Years Eve.  I called to ask about reservations beforehand and they said they don't normally take reservations, which is ridiculous IMO, but they were on New Years.  They also asked for a credit card number when taking the reservation because they charge $25.00 if you don't show up.  In this day and age of identity theft, I don't know how secure the 17 year old hostess is keeping my credit card # which is an issue for them to work on.  Not to mention I just don't like giving my cars # out.They are the kings of follow up, since I received 2 separate calls on 2 different days to confirm my reservation.  Also, a bit strange but hey, I guess they didn't want me to lose my $25.00.Food was great, once again.  I had the half rotisserie chicken which was moist, flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  Served with natural jus and mashed potatoes which complemented the chicken nicely.  Sweetie had the grilled salmon which when I see her clean her plate, I know it was good.  She mentioned that the salmon was the perfectly grilled with a subtle grill flavor which was nice.  We finished with the white chocolate banana cream pie which was OK, nothing earth shattering.Service was OK for the most part, we "lost" our waiter at the beginning and flagged down a passing by waitress and she immediately dropped what she was doing and took our order which was excellent.Great food and nice evening at Vine.  I hope it continues to do well.  I would definitely reconsider taking reservations because there is nothing that makes me not want to return to a restaurant than having being told there is an hour or so wait like the steakhouse down the road.
4	This was our first visit since it opened and we were suitably impressed with the service and the food. Our waiter was efficient but not overbearing. Chris had a New Year's day special of scallops, collards and black-eyed peas, the traditional good-luck meal in the South.  I had a turkey burger and sweet potato fries. One of the tastiest turkey burgers I've had. A large space with many booths and a spacious bar area as well. We'll be back.
3	Not sure it's fair to write a review without having eaten the food but my wife and I did visit for drinks last evening. We sat in the spacious seating area by the fire. A great area to hang out for a few glasses of wine. Since the place is called 'Vine' we expected an extensive and interesting wine list but were surprised to see a limited number of wines by the and surprisingly expensive bottles. We had what turned out to be a great bottle of Stags Leap. It was listed on the menu as a Cabernet but was actually a blend of grapes.  I know sounds silly but for a 'wine' focused restaurant kind of a big deal.Overall nice atmosphere. Similar to 131 Main or other restaurants in the area. Looking forward to trying the food but based on the other reviews ill wait a few months.
3	Ok, this is my 3rd time here in about a month.  I went today for lunch with the family which included Sweetie, my 2 young children and my Mother in Law.  We came back for lunch because my 2 kids are hit or miss on the behavior meter, luckily today was a good day.Vine has been open now for a few weeks and some "kinks" are starting to show.  Here's what I noticed today.1)  The service today was slack and unorganized for the most part.  It didn't flow properly.  i.e. It took us forever to be greeted by our server and take our drink orders.  We asked for a gluten free menu and our server instead of bringing it right to us went and took 2 other tables orders so we had to wait which prolonged everyone ordering.  Our drinks also went dry a few times and towards the end of the meal we didn't see our server for refills.  I was displeased with a portion of my meal and when they returned with the replacement nobody checked it prior to bringing it back to make sure it was better than what I returned which is a huge no no.2)  I ordered the Prime Rib Sandwich which was delicious!  Nice shaved Prime Rib, Caramelized Onions, Horseradish Aioli all put together on a nice bun.  It came with shoestring french fries.  The fries are, to say the least, horrible because they're mismanaged in the kitchen.  They arrived cold and stale along with my sandwich.  When I found my waitress, I explained that I didn't like them and the reason.  I was in the middle of eating my sandwich and she goes to take my whole plate (DUH) back to the kitchen.  No, Ma'am please just bring me a new plate with some hot fries.  Did you expect me to hold half my sandwich in my hand while I wait for you to come back?  When the fries came back they were equally as cold and stale as the first serving.  These fries are very thin and must be made to order IMO because they will not stay hot under a hot lamp.  The waitress even said it herself that they're hard to keep hot because of the way they are.....well CHANGE THEM you can't serve awesome sandwiches like the Prime Rib Sandwich with crappy fries, it sours the meal.  Seasoning on the fry that I tasted was different and tasty, it had a smoky backnote that would have been enjoyable had the fries been served hot.  The au jus served with the sandwich was also a bit thick and vinegary for my liking but it was fine.  3)  They don't seem to have a lunch menu which would be nice to see a different menu than what they provide for dinner.  I also would like to see something separate for the kids which they don't have.  When asked about a kids menu the waitress said that they can "do a kids mac and cheese" which is simply their skillet mac and cheese side served on a plateEveryone else enjoyed what they had.  Napa Chicken Salad, Salmon sandwich and margherita flatbread for the kids.I still like this place, I guess I am always searching for perfection.  It has potential here and I hope it does well in this seemingly cursed location.
3	Went last night with family.      My niece wanted a cool martini because she just turned 21. No menu for drinks.  Seriously?  The server told us in was in the bartenders head.   Lol.  I have been I Foodservice for 20 years and that is not the best approach to get your guest check average up.   If you want to keep up with 131 main. Spend 20 minutes and create a cool drink menu.      Food was average.  Banana cream pie. Very disappointing it should be called coconut cream pie with a slice of banana.   Again.  131 main does it better.      There stop the food was average.  Nothing makes them stand out above anything else in the Ballantyne area.
4	Great fit for Ballantyne.  Prices are very reasonable for lunch and/or dinner.  Great atmosphere and excellent food!  Shoe String fries would be my only complaint.  Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  I will be back for sure!
1	I'll make this short and quick:1) Service was poor, never suggested any lunch specials.2) Server unpleasant, zero personality.3) Server unavailable/disappeared after different staff delivered food to table.4) Waited several minutes to get requested extra dressing for dry salad & some Parmasen cheese for pasta dish. Which, by the way, should automatically be offered when serving a pasta dish.4) No refills on beverages.5) Only time the server came back to the table was to ask if the bill was to be split.6) Never ask if we were interested in dessert and coffee. We had intentions of having both but after the feeling of being ignored we decided against them.Try The Vine if you want to but my experience will unlikely bring me back. 131 Main St. is a far better choice, always friendly, helpful, food is great and consistant .
4	Love the atmosphere. Very cozy!  I've been here for lunch with friends in the 'glass' room which was so nice and it cuts down on noise and let's you enjoy the time with your friends. The food at lunch was nice and now I'm here for dinner. The wait was suppose to be a while since its restaurant week and a Saturday night but we were able to find a table in the beautiful indoor sitting area next to the fireplace. I love this restaurant. Will keep you posted in tonight's dinner!
4	Decent new restaurant, but a lot could be improved. I had the Vine salad with salmon, which was really good. But rather small for an entree salad. Especially since there was no bread served with the meal, I left still a bit hungry. And the desert I ordered, the butterscotch chocolate chip pie, was a real disappointment. It seemed as if it weren't cooked enough, sort of raw cookie dough in the middle. And what are they thinking, serving it COLD with no ice cream?? Fail on the dessert. But the tasty salad will bring me back. Service was ok.
3	I have been here twice since they opened, and they would have gotten 5 stars, which I never give, however, there is one aspect that they need some major improvement on.Lets start with the good stuff:-the building itself is very attractive from the outside, and only gets better when you go in.  It is warm and inviting, rustic and modern, all at the same time.  Mostly all booths, which is awesome, because everyone always wants a booth.  They have a large room up front with a fireplace and some couches and chairs, but not sure exactly what the purpose of that room is, and they also have a private dining room as well, and a great bar area.-the servers are awesome!  Knowledgeable, friendly, professional, nicely dressed, and very attentive.-the food is incredible!   American basics done extremely well.  The flatbreads, cornbread, burgers, chicken pasta....all five stars!   Huge variety of beer and wine, and the desserts make your mouth water just looking at them!-prices are very reasonable for the freshness and quality you get.Now, for the bad news, and an issue that could bring the entire place down if they don't correct it soon......the hostesses and greeting.Last Saturday night I called at 11am to make a reservation for restaurant week.  The girl told me that they had filled all those, but could come and eat off the regular menu.  I tried to make a reservation and she said they don't take them but do accept call-ahead.  I called at 5:45pm for a 6:30 arrival.  The rude girl on the phone said they were not on a wait, so they couldn't accept a call-ahead, so call before we come.  I called again 10 minutes later, and the rude lady said they were on a 45 minute wait (in just 10 minutes time??), and reluctantly took my call ahead.  We arrived at 6:30pm, couldn't find a place to park, and when we entered the waiting area was packed full.  We approached the rude lady at the hostess stand (don't know her name) and told her we had a call-ahead.  She didn't even react, handed us a buzzer, and sighed.  After 45 minutes, I went back up and asked what was going on, and she just said they were very busy and shrugged her shoulders, and immediately turned to the other hostess next to her and started talking as if we didn't exist.  After 1 hour and 15 minutes, I went back up to her and asked if we were going to be seated ever, and she said it shouldn't be much longer.  When I expressed my discouragement and told her that we had called ahead as instructed, she said "call ahead is just a courtesy".  Wow.  I didn't know that as customers we were inconveniencing the restaurant by going there and spending money.  Then, after 1 hour and 40 minutes, we were finally sat.  Whew!  Clearly, they have many aspects down nicely, but possibly the most important thing is the greeting both over the phone and in person by the hostesses, and in this respect, they are terrible.  The hostesses (or at least the one we were dealing with) was rude, short, seemed confused and over-whelmed, and generally could not have cared one way or the other if anyone that came in was waited on and greeted properly, and she obviously could have cared less if anyone actually stayed.  i wonder if she realizes that her bad attitude and obvious lack of training could keep people from coming back?  I know that I will have to think about coming back again, even though the servers and food are excellent, I am not sure I want to deal with chaos and rudeness again just to get it, when there are MANY other places in Ballantyne that can provide good food AND good service.  After spending almost $200 on dinner, I feel as if I was taken advantage of, just because of the confusion and attitude at the front.
4	Went here for dinner last night with 1 other couple. Went early to enjoy a glass of wine at the bar- very nice,relaxed atmosphere. The young lady that was bar tending,not real friendly but got the job done. We were only asked by another bartender if we wanted another glass, but at that time we were heading to our table.Our server, Alena was wonderful! Friendly, helpful, and entertaining! She was really good about checking back with us, kept our glasses full, and opens a bottle of wine very smoothly.  We started with the blue cheese chips that were very good! I had the ribs, nicely done. Husband had the prime rib which was the special, that was also good & cooked perfectly. Friends had the chicken pasta & a burger. Plates were cleaned!  Even though we were stuffed we had to go for dessert as well. We ordered both the butterscotch chocolate pie & the cherry bread pudding with ice cream. Yummy!I also like that management was out front,checking on tables, &stopping by to see how we were enjoying our meal. More places need to be doing that!We'll be back.
4	Have been to Vine a few times now since it has opened.  It is quickly gaining a reputation as a hot spot to be and it will be interesting to see if they can hang on to that after they have been open a little longer.  I love the fireplace room where you can go and lounge and have a cocktail, or even book for a company event.  The menu to me is great as it has something for everyone.  Vine has a high class atmosphere, where you can order a few drinks, filet mignon or fish, and spend 100 dollars, or you can order an amazing burger or a chicken sandwhich and have a couple of beers for 20 dollars.  The bar has TV's positioned so that no matter where you are sitting you will be able to view any even that is currently on.  I definitely enjoy the food here, the drinks are a tad pricy(makers mark on the rocks $10), but the atmosphere is easily one of the top in the area.  The outdoor patio is great with fire pits that you can sit around.  It can get a little noisy when it is crowded, and lately happy hour has been very crowded.  The bar could use a little more space between the dining side wall and the bar, as when it is crowded the wait staff will need the space to get by, but usually that is not too much of a problem.  Overall I view Vine as a spot I will be visiting regularly in Ballantyne as the atmosphere is hard to match and the food is excellent.
3	First time here.  Sat in the area near the fireplace.  Good vibe until a large "supper club party" took over and the women started shrieking.  Service was a little slow but not unreasonable.  Food: excellent!  Had rotisserie chicken pasta with artichokes, asparagus, roasted red peppers, garlic, and a white wine sauce.  My wife had a shrimp salad.  Looked a little boring to me, but she seemed to like it.  We had a Vermont crumb bread pudding thing for dessert, with vanilla ice cream.  The ice cream was too cold, not very creamy, but the dessert was pretty tasty after we let it melt a bit.  Wine list:  good selection but not a true wine lovers list.  Didn't have vintages, so you couldn't decipher good years from bad.  And they call the place "Vine"?   Hmmm....just sayin'!  I give the restaurant 3.5 stars.
4	Dinner on Thur night around 6 pm. First time visit. Busy bar crowd with warm interior, mostly booths, wood and leather.  Kind of reminds me of a Houston's.  Overall good service, food arrived very quickly...are they looking for more table turns?  But server didn't rush us, mgr stopped to see if things were good.  Food was good, had roast beef wife had the pasta.  One criticism is their wine is overpriced IMOP. I found bottle prices to be 2 1/2 - 3 times normal retail. And even though it was 1/2 price wine night it was not a good value.  Urge management to consider a more reasonable pricing plan.  Would recommend and will return.  Good addition to the area.
4	Ok - rainy Saturday afternoon - check list in hand, get up, check, get dressed, check, go to yoga, check, lunch, check - darn - still raining - okay it is now our duty to find a quiet spot for afternoon libations near a fire place - Vine - check!  Had the entire space around the fireplace to ourselves.  Our cute waitress was always on the watch for empty glasses but never hovering - hate hovering - also tried some apps - potato chips but without the described blue cheese sauce - very good and guacamole - usually do not order this unless I am in a Mexican establishment but remember, it was raining - so threw caution to the wind and was not disappointed.  Definitely want to go back to try a full meal.  Again, service was fantastic and the soft furniture in front of the cozy fireplace was the place to be on Saturday.
4	This was our first visit.  We were warmly greeted, quickly seated and promptly served by our waitress.  A nice atmosphere.  We both wound up ordering crab cakes.  Short answer - they were darn tasty and a good portion size.  The fries were above average and the side slaw was very good, fresh.  A good date night place.  We will come again and go deeper on the menu.
5	I met my roommates for dinner and wine here on Friday night. Vine had a very warm and cozy atmosphere with a huge wrap around bar area, friendly staff and GREAT food. The manager, Joe, was super nice and walked around greeting customers the entire time we were there. I will definitely be returning for the blackened shrimp chopped salad and affordable wine selection.
3	I have been here twice with my husband. Both times, we have had the most amazing food. And unfortunately, both times we have had so-so service. This last time we got our appetizer after our entrees arrived, we had to ask twice for bread plates, we were served our salads twice. Clearly, the front of the house needs better management in order to highlight the super good food.
3	Monday lunch at 1 pm, out first time here. Interior is nicely appointed; similar to 131 Main's dining room. Very pleasant server. Had the lunch special, a shredded barbecue beef topped with cole slaw. I liked it. My wife had the shredded chicken with  an Asian type cole slaw which she liked. Our martini was nicely done. It wasn't very crowded, but given it was Monday it's understandable. There isn't anything special about "American", food was fine, good ambiance; but nothing stuck out. They do need to pay more attention to the cleanliness of the water and wine glasses; just a turn-off when everything else seems to be so well done.
4	Excellent place. Great vibe and great food! For appetizers we had the fried green tomatoes, corn bread and blue cheese chips. All were excellent. My favorite was definitely the corn bread. For the entree I had the crab cake. I was NOT expecting it to be lump crab meat so it was a pleasant surprise. You will not be disappointed!
2	Just want to point out that Vine has yet to receive a 5-star review. It's pretty clear to me now. We went as a last minute choice for my dad's birthday. We've never been to this building (I say building because it has been so many different restaurants over the years). I would figure this place gets plenty of traffic as it is situated right in the heart of Ballantyne. It wasn't full, though, on the Saturday night we went. In fact, I'd say only 50-75% of the seats were taken.We were promptly seated and seen by a few different waiters before actually getting "our" waitress. I ordered ribs, my dad a hamburger, my sister chicken, and my mom salmon. After about 20 minutes, the food came out. Interestingly enough, my hand towel for my ribs came out 10 minutes before any food was served...which doesn't really make sense. The food came out, and the first thing I noticed was how hard my ribs were. Usually, you can take a knife and break apart the ribs like melted butter, but this time, I had to bend back a rib, and cut it before it came apart. The meat was tough--possibly overcooked? I pointed this out, and it was quickly taken back. A new plate of ribs arrived about 15 minutes later, which was MUCH better, but still not great. While soft, there were fat nubs on the ends, and the sauce wasn't great. I think they were short ribs which are usually of lesser quality than baby back, which I was annoyed about. If I'm paying $19 for ribs (or whatever it was), I'd like good quality ribs.They gave us a free dessert because of the ribs. We got the banana cream pie, which was just bad. The pie crust was not good at all, I took a bite and was done. Everyone else said their dinner was average as well.Would I come back? Doubtful--this place left me unimpressed.
4	Lunch was good - the chefs special was a pulled pork sandwich - very good. Cole slaw is amazing. French dip isn't worth it.
4	This was my first trip to Vine and the wife and I had a great meal.  We ate about 8pm on a Friday and were seated promptly in the terrace room.  The restaurant was not very crowded overall as we noticed available tables in different areas of the restaurant.  The terrace room where we were seated is off the bar and has a big fireplace, which would be a great place to enjoy a drink and some appetizers.  We were greeted by our server Leanne within a couple minutes for drink orders.  I was in the mood for a beer and the server mentioned that they had just tapped a new OMB summer IPA and she offered to bring me a sample to try before deciding.  I thought this was a nice touch without having to ask.  My wife ordered wine and I decided to get the IPA that I sampled.  They have a good wine selection with many wines available by the glass.I thought the appetizer, salad and entree selections had good variety and offered some differences from other similar type restaurants in S. Charlotte.  I ended up choosing the New Orleans gumbo and the ultimate grilled cheese with slaw.  The gumbo was decent and the grilled cheese was great.  It was thick sliced toast with 3 or 4 different cheeses and tomatoes.  My wife had a corvina fish special with potatoes and asparagus which was very nice.   We finished the meal with an espresso for me and coffee for the wife.  Espresso tends to be hit or miss at these types of restaurants, but I found the espresso at Vine to be a good finish to the meal.I felt the overall service was very good, attentive but not overbearing and well paced.  Based on some of the past reviews, they seem to be paying attention and working to correct any issues.  Vine will definitely get mixed into our S. Charlotte restaurant rotation!
2	I am afraid I wouldn't get too attached to this place.In short, the food was quite good but the service was terrible.  I went there this weekend with two other couples.  We coincidentally met up with an even larger group of people in the bar prior to dinner, all of whom also just happened to be there that night.  The place was pretty dead for 8pm on a Saturday night, but yet I still had to wave down our server *for ever drink round* in order to keep the fun going.  I would have estimated that server likely could have gotten 2-3 more rounds out of our group -- a sizable bar order -- had he just been doing a serviceable job that evening.  Then our party moved to a table, still in the bar area so my buddy could watch the Boston Bruins lose game 5, where we apparently had 2 servers both covering us.  But even with extra service on still a sparsely populated restaurant, we had to wait to order appetizers, wait to order dinner, waiting was the theme of the evening I am afraid.  Unfortunate thing is, the food was pretty good.  I had an ahi tuna special and the tuna was indeed fresh and seared very well.  The bruschetta appetizer was great.  I actually liked the thicker-cut bread that wasn't overly crunchy.  My wife greatly enjoyed her salad; the entire table enjoyed every dish that was ordered as a matter of fact.  Everything, that is, except the lousy service.I would not come back here unless I hear the service greatly improves.  The food was very good, but not so good as to overcome the poor service.  Hopefully I am wrong because I like having more dining options in my area, but unless something changes dramatically I expect this restaurant to have the same fate as its predecessors.
4	Great place for groups, couples, and friends. The specials and other menu options are great. Try the cornbread (yum!). They have a FULL/COMPLETE alcoholic beverage list (wine, champagne, beers, mixed drinks).
4	Went to Vine when we stayed at the Ballantyne hotel.  Food was excellent and did not have any complaints.
2	Food and service very inconsistent.  Last time we were here the owner was in and everything was great - food had great balance and you could actually taste each ingredient.  This time, not so much - ribs were very spicy but not a lot of taste other than that...  Food was cold, slow service.
3	Had lunch today with a large group. Service was very good. All menu selections came out in a very timely fashion. I had  the French dip, nice portion. Not crazy about the au jus. The meat was tasty and plentiful.   My wife had the pulled chicken sandwich; was not fond of the sauce that was used. The ambiance is very nice. They did a great job on the interior. When we were done the management provided all attendees, about 20 with a complimentary chocolate chip cookie, nice gesture.
2	A group of ladies and I went out for a social dinner on a wednesday night.  The service was ok, I ordered a gin and tonic tall with extra lime.  I got an anemic "tall" (ounce wise could not have been more than 8oz.) with one lime.  Had to ask for the second one which took a while.   ordered the ribs with the cole slaw and sweet potato fries.  The sides were delicious. The sweet potato fries were a little sweet with the extra sugar on them, but I ate them all!! The ribs, hmmm.  They were a hair on the tough side and extremely small.  The bones were maybe 2-1/2" long.  Then there was a huge strip of fat along one side of the rack.  Overall, very expensive for just ok food and service.
3	Nice ambiance. Great service. I think his name was Sam. A bit overpriced. The reason I'm giving them a 3 is because they I went there on New Years Eve for dinner. Me, my girlfriend, and another person we were with all ordered steaks. Mine and my friends came out well done when we ordered medium rare. My girlfriend ordered medium well and got medium rate. They ran out of baked potatoes and brought us mashed potatoes instead. Minor note but still. We had ours sent back and it took close to 10 to 15 minutes to get it back, so everyone was almost done. The manager came back and offered us a free soup or salad but I declined because of the size of my steak. Ultimately, they just forgot about it and we paid full price for below average steaks with little taste, after waiting for close to 15 minutes. I don't foresee us going back there because of it.
4	Very nice restaurant.  Went for a quick business day lunch.  Server was attentive and informative.  A lot of options for lunch, at varying price points.  The interior reminds me of 131 Main, not too far away.I had the crab cakes lunch.  Crab cakes were excellent - good chunks of crab meat, cooked perfectly.  They were a little on the small side, but it was adequate for lunch.  The Napa slaw was very good, but there was a huge portion of that on the plate.  I opted to upgrade my side to the skillet mac & cheese.  This was very tasty, but the up-charge was $4, which I thought was a little steep for that (the fries that come with the lunch are listed at $3.95 as a side item, the mac & cheese was $5.95, the up-charge should be $2 at most, right?).I finished the lunch with the coconut cupcake.  I am very wary of coconut desserts as they tend to be overly sweet.  Not the case here, this coconut cupcake was perfect - the "cake" part was more like a shortcake than a cupcake.  The icing was a creamy toasted coconut, just sweet enough.  Perfection.While I didn't have any drinks for lunch, I noticed that their wine selection and "by the glass" selections were excellent.
4	The wife and I tried Vine American Kitchen on a Friday night around 8pm. There was no wait as many of the tables were empty. The service was very good and we really enjoyed the ambiance. The interior is nicely appointed and feels a bit upscale. The food was also very good. We started with the cornbread, which is drizzled with honey/sugar and could easily be eaten for dessert. For dinner, I had a flatbread pizza with barbecued chicken and cheddar cheese and she tried the filet mignon with baked potato, both served in good portions. A prior reviewer mentioned the up-charge for the skillet mac and cheese and he was right. We substituted this side for the asparagus that normally comes with the filet. Despite the fact that each side is priced at $5.95 a la carte, we were advised there would be an additional charge of $3 "because the mac and cheese comes in a whole skillet." That simply does not make sense but it was delicious anyway. The only thing that kept this review from getting five stars was the price of the cocktails. I had two Maker's Manhattans, normally priced between $7 - $10 depending on the restaurant. I was quite disappointed when our bill read $27 for the two drinks. Yikes! Good thing the wife is pregnant and just drinking water these days. I did see that draft beers were around $5 so I'll probably choose beer next time. We look forward to coming back to Vine in the near future.
5	Unbelievable selection of draft beer and and a roaring fire were perfect for a cold night. Appetizers were enough for a meal and the Crab Cakes were moist and loaded with lump crab.  Great presentation and friendly staff I will definitely be back
3	We were really hesitant after reading the reviews and from our son's experience when they went in right after it opened.  But we were pleasantly surprised and satisfied.Much is due to our waiter, Luis, who honestly answered our questions about pricing.  He is a great server and really took care of us.  It made our evening.Comments on manhattan cocktails:  If you "call" a specific brand, as one reviewer did, the price is $11.25 each. I had a Hendrics martini for $10.  WWife had a glass of merlot for $7.   Many of the cocktails we saw on their specials ranged in price from $7 - 11.  The regular drinks were reasonably prices for restaurants at around $6 for mixed drinks.Did like the menu, one where I found at least four items I wanted to try.  That is good news.  Wife had the filet mignon wedge salad, which was quite a nice meal with plenty of meat.  I had the center-cut filet and it was of such a good quality of meat that I could have enjoyed it raw.  Cooked perfectly and the loaded potato with it was a nice filling meal.This was a first experience and we will return as Vine is a candidate for a four or five star rating.Ask for Luis.
1	When we got there at noon and the parking lot was pretty much empty, we should have known this wasn't going to be a good experience.  Our waiter was extremely irritating and bothersome while waiting for us to decide what to order.   I guess because they weren't busy, he had nothing better to do but to hassle us.    My friend and I both ordered the French dip.    It arrived about 5 mins later - which was a surprise.   I took off the top of the bun to remove some of the beef and the meat was freezing cold - practically had ice crystals on it.    We sent them back and were told they would make new ones and a man, that I assume was the manager, came by and apologized.    About another 5 mins went by and the waiter brought new French dips.  This time they were barely warm - I have NEVER been served a COLD  French Dip.   The waiter and the manager came by and asked if it was better.    I told them "not really" but just nevermind.    The constant interruptions were really getting on our nerves and by this point, we just wanted to be left alone.   The waiter came back again and said the "chef" said it was barely warm because if he warmed it any longer the beef would be well done.      I told him I WANTED it well done but just nevermind - it was fine.   again - I was tired of talking about it.    Then one of them came by AGAIN and said next time I order the French Dip, just to let them know I wanted it well done.   I wanted to say - "there won't be a next time!!!!!"      I also think they should tell people up front when they order the French Dip, "the chef likes to leave the beef raw and freezing cold - is that ok? or would I prefer it actually warm and cooked?"   The only good part of the lunch was that they cut the bill 50%.     My friend and I agreed that we won't be going back there!
3	Very average and tends to be Overpriced. Based on two visits with our family I doubt we will return as there are too many high quality options in Charlotte. Also -- avoid the Sunday brunch!!  Food was variable and not worth the price. Eggs Benedict and shrimp-grits were very good. Carvery, jumbalaya, and soup were not up to standard.
2	I took my teenage daughter here for brunch after church one Sunday and we have also been to Vine for dinner on a few occasions as a group and my fiance and I on date night. The positives: Service is USUALLY pretty good. Brunch was an exception, my bloody mary had been prepared by the bar, but it sat, at least 10 minutes judging from the watery mess from melted ice when it finally arrived at the table WITH our food, not prior. And it was tiny, served in a small bar glass. Dinner I rate a 3, it is pretty pricey for what you get, but the wine selection is good and there is a diverse menu. Brunch gets a 1. The food was overcooked, I will say they made an egg right after it was served and brought me another, but the portions were very small for the price and overall, not good. Their average for us gets a 2. It is never overly busy so if we go to Vine ever again, it will likely just be to have a cocktail in a nice environment
4	Don't be put off by the name if you are not a wine fan -- there is plenty to drink.  Went there for lunch and was very impressed by the efficient and friendly staff as well as good food.
3	This restaurant has a great atmosphere, perfect for date night or a night out with the family or friends. They have a good sized bar, though I must say, they could work on pouring better drinks. (The Lemondrop Martini tasted like pure syrup and a Baby Guiness shot didn't even fill up 1/4 of the shot glass and was double the price compared to other bars in the area). The service is pretty good, however one evening when they had a packed house, the service was horrible but I will not blame a whole restaurant on one waitress. The food is good, nothing spectacular, but you will not be disappointed. Oh and very good prices! Can't beat that. Would be a great location to host a private event in one of their private rooms.
3	I got some take-out for my lunch and ordered the grilled cheese that comes with tomatoes and a honey mustard sauce. Not a combination I would have chosen but I can't say it was horrible. I haven't returned though and likely won't any time soon. Service was good and the food was ready by the time I arrived, but it just didn't impress me to the point where I had to go and tell my friends about this new place I visited.Who knows? Maybe I'll wander in on another lunch break, but time will tell.
4	I had family visiting for out of town and we needed a new place to try for dinner. I had heard mixed reviews about this place and it was close so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm glad I did. It happened to be restaurant week. Half of us chose to order the Queens Feast while the others ordered from the regular menu. I ordered a filet which was properly cooked (not the best I've ever had.) my mom ordered crab cakes that were pretty good. Dad ordered the chophouse burger - I would get it again. My boyfriend ordered salmon and it was good too. The sideswipe were a bit lacking. But the desserts made up for them. I ordered this butterscotch chocolate chip pie. I would get that over an diver again. My boyfriend ordered the cheesecake. It looked basic but was so delicious.The service wasn't amazing, but I cut her some slack because it was Saturday night during restaurant week. Long story short, we will go back. I hear there is a great happy hour!
1	I had a business dinner there last night.  The filet "special" was so chewy one of my guests had to spit part of it out and the demi glaze on top if it was lumpy and cold.  The service was bad as described in other reviews.  The waitress didn't tell us about the special - the manager did when he brought our wine.  When we later asked her about it (maybe this was a sign) she looked like it was the first time she had heard of it.  In addition she took forever to take our order then brought out salads WITH dinner.  I was completely embarrassed for my recommendation and let them know it was based on location as I had only had appetizers and drinks there before.  I won't be returning.
3	Tried several dishes here, the rib-eye is the best if what I had.  Seems over priced, but good for a business dinner.  Don't think I would spend my own money here.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!Just finished my dinner ordered for take out.  It was good...not great, but I normally wouldn't complain. Here's the problem.  Ordered on the phone at 5:59pm and was told it would be ready in ~20 minutes.  Having severe pelvic pain in the last weeks of my pregnancy and a small infant already really didn't want to have to wait.  We took our time and arrived to pick up our food at 6:27.  My husband went in and found nothing ready behind the bar.  We waited for over 20 minutes as the order was slowly put together.  Was it ever made ahead of time?  Who knows.We drive away and not 3 minutes down the road I get a phone call...  apparently my husband was informed he was supposed to wait because the chicken was not yet ready on the salad - he still says he was not told such a thing.  We turn the car around and the whole time the manager refuses to apologize or claim any wrong doing whatsoever.  He says that they had to re-grill the chicken 3 times because it kept drying out waiting in the window for us.  Even if this is true, it takes 8 minutes to grill a chicken breast - confirmed by the manager himself - even if they grilled it when he arrived at the restaurant at 6:27 it would have been ready by 6:35.  Not 6:55 when I eventually walked away with the food.  The manager insisted this was quality control and literally was chasing me out of the restaurant claiming this and NOT APOLOGIZING until I turned around and asked him to stop because I didn't want to curse.My favorite part....I get home open the containers of food to eat and find my rainbow trout is totally dried out.  Great job on that quality control!!  $46 later - what  great experience.  Thanks Vine American Kitchen, I'll surely be back for more.
5	Hosted a small meeting in Vine's Barrel Room and it was wonderful; perfect location, great food and premiere service.  Using the on-wall TV for my presentation was easy as pie.  Melissa Sveda and everyone else at Vine could not have been more accommodating.  Thank you for helping make my meeting great.
5	Great anniversary dinner at Vine tonite.  No wait to get seated.  Very attentive service.  I had the Jambalaya my bride of 26 years had the crab cakes & she loved it too..,Antonella great service & Aaron GM very sooo attentive.  Best restaurant in Ballantyne.Phil
3	I have been to Vine on a few occasions.  Love the atmosphere and food is great.  Service seems to be inconsistent though.  My date (who came from Charleston, SC) and I went a few weeks ago on a Saturday night and decided to sit at the bar.  That won't happen again. Service was awful. Bartender seemed annoyed that we where even there. Had the personality of a pea.  My date ordered, she got it wrong, perhaps she should have listened.  Not a smile, hi how are you.... I can get a better welcome a chain restaurant.  My favorite was when my date asked for the bill.  She tossed a paper receipt to him in a get out kinda way.  I have been a server for years on and off.  Are you not supposed to place it in a book and pass it to the patron??? We did share the crab cakes which where delicious with 2 sides.  Will go again, but not the bar...
3	My wife and I sent to Vine recently to give it another shot as we hard they had a new Executive Chef.   We gave up on Vine after going there approx 6 times and found the food very inconsistent.       We did note improvement on the most recent visit (the corn bread for example was delicious).    This is a gorgeous restaurant. As with any restaurant the food has to deliver.   I'd say the food was good this time but not great.   We're going to give it one more try based on friendly service and terrific atmosphere.   Sarah our waitress was Excellent!
5	Loved this place! I wasn't feeling great--tired and cranky.  Ordered the roasted chicken, had zero hour es for this being anything but edible and it came and really rocked it!! Rosemary and basil seasonings and my side of greens were scrumptious!! Will be back for sure!
3	Vine American Kitchen, not sure where to begin.  I arrived at noon on Sunday, just in time for Bloody Mary time.  As I pulled into the parking lot there weren't too many cars so I was a little reluctant, but decided to go with my gut and give it a try.  Great design, with TVs, nice bar, but a little dark for brunch/lunch dining, but I can get their look for a nice dinner experience.Upon being seated I was greeted by a very sweet girl who took my drink order, water with lemon and a bloody mary.  The water was delivered and she said the drink was on its way, which it arrived not a minute or two later.  After reviewing the menu, I decided to get the Ballantyne Chicken Sandwich with homemade chips, which the waitress recommended.After ordering I "checked in" on Yelp and took a drink, whoa!!! Wholly whoa! All the drink was was pepper, with a old dirty brown piece of celery.  I stirred the drink and added some ice from water and it was overall okay. I love a kick, but this was not a good Bloody Mary kick, rather a PEPPER kick!My food arrived, and I pointed out the celery and asked that she replace it, which she did.  The chicken sandwich was pulled chicken with a red pepper aioli, red onions and arugula on a kaiser roll.  The pulled chicken was good, however, very bland. The kaiser roll was so soggy that I had to take the entire bottom off and only ate the top of the bun.However, the homemade chips, so good. I did add a little salt, but dipped in ketchup, too die for.Overall I thought the service was great, but the food could use some seasoning. I definitely will get back to try a few other items on the menu and will update my review if I feel it deserves better than an 'OK'. For now, that is where my thoughts stand.
4	Traveling to Charlotte on business I was recommended Vine for dinner. I decided to try the barbecue ribs and they were fantastic. This is a nice classy relaxing place.
4	A mixed bag review but the four stars is for the excellent service we received from Vine American Kitchen. Saturday evening we had dinner with a group of 10. They gave us a really nice private room to dine. Our server was friendly and took care of everything.  Service = 5 StarFood = 3 StarDecor = 4 StarFood was a mixed bag. Some entrees were better than others. One thing to note is they don't have a kids menu. Just something to know if you are going with a large family.
4	Went for my husband's Christmas party. First time visit and enjoyed our dinner & experience. Best calamari i have ever had. We both had steaks - mine was a little undercooked & could have used a little more salt but still yummy. I enjoyed 3 different martini's. My favorite by far was the Southern Peach!! S'mores was pretty good.
