3	I was at the phoenix airport trying to catch a flight to Oregon....needles to say i wanted try Sauce's pizza....i love pizza.The establishment is very nice. Customer service is great....so great points. I tried their pepperoni and sausage pizza with onions and peppers. This style of pizza is brick oven style, thin sliced. It was not bad, but not the best. They seem to have a good wine collection and other food items (other than pizza).  The pizza itself is 12 inches and not too greasy. I ate the whole pizza without being too full. This is G approved but i should try again next time.
3	Airport prices! 2 eggs, toast and potatoes. No drink. $7.65! Very average breakfast for an extremely above average price.
4	I ate here today with a dining companion while waiting for a flight.  For our entrees we ended up splitting the feta turkey salad and chicken Caesar pizza.  The salad was nice with large chunks of turkey, plenty of feta and a variety of other toppings like almonds and tomatoes.  It also had a dressing that complimented the salad nicely being sweet but not too sweet.  The pizza ended up being an interesting creation with the pizza crust being cooked and then a chicken Caesar salad put on top.  It did not look pretty but tasted good.  The crispness of the crust underneath the salad was good as was the whole salad, especially the cheese shavings.  It's only drawback was how messy it was.The bottom line for me is that I would eat here again while passing through the airport.  Just be aware of the time as these pizzas are not fast food.
4	Great service and yummy food. Airports don't often provide this level of eatery.
5	Awesome.  The meatballs are really good.  Pizza wasn't my favorite but the salads and pastas are great for airport food.
4	Pricey but good. Good pizza and sandwiches.
4	I went here on my way to Hawaii. Here's the deal. This place has awesome breakfast sandwiches. They are way better than anything else you can get in the airport for breakfast at the current time. I had an egg sandwich on pizza crust....it was excellent! I liked that it was cooked by a person in a pan (although I did see all of their 'sauce's coming out of plastic bags for later in the day.....not so awesome, but what can I expect?). The pizza crust made for a tasty spin on this classic sandwich. It also had cheese and tomato. It came with italian home fries, which were delicious! They had garlic and parm on them...Seriously? What more can you ask for...especially in an airport!
4	Our PHX airport dining options are getting better and better...I purchased food from this airport Sauce location twice to date and I've been impressed - their food is consistent with their restaurants around town.  While their food isn't five star worthy, it's pretty damn good for the price and the fast-casual model.  I recommend the vegetable salad (I add turkey for extra protein sometimes) and their turkey, ham, salami panini (I order mine without ham).  Service is friendly enough although it's not the fastest, so I don't recommend dining here if you're cutting it close trying to catch your flight!Fox Restaurant Concepts are taking over Sky Harbor - today I noticed that they also opened a Modern Burger and Blanco between gates A4 and A5 (terminal 4).
4	This was my first time trying Sauce and it was pretty darn good. Located in terminal 4 in the midst of all of the shops and casual eateries. I believe this might be the only place serving alcohol without having to go through the gates. We ate here while waiting for my daughter's flight to come in and decided to take advantage of their $20 deal: 2 glasses of wine, a salad, and a pizza. The salad had chicken, sunflower seeds, gorgonzola, and a vinagrette. The pizza had pepperoni. Everything was really good...the pizza crust was great. The service was good, too. This is a great dining option in the airport.
4	Finally! Local food comes to the airport...and it's good!! On a recent trip, I was tickled pink to see that Sauce had opened their doors and this morning, I actually got to enjoy their food. But get this...instead of enjoying their common lunch and dinner items, it was 7 AM and guess what? They serve a delicious breakfast as well! I learned that their breakfast sandwiches come on flat bread that's made from their homemade pizza dough (yum), so I ordered the ham, cheese, egg and tomato breakfast sandwich without the cheese. When the sandwich came out, I quickly realized that this sandwich could easily feed two! Unfortunately, I was just a one though so I enjoyed half and saved the other half for later. The sandwich comes with deliciously salty breakfast potatoes as well. Sam Fox doesn't disappoint at his Valley restaurants and he didn't disappoint with the airport breakfast as well! I wish they served breakfast at every Sauce location (maybe one day!?) but in the meantime, I now have something to look forward to when I visit Sky Harbor.
3	We we leaving for a trip to San Francisco in the late afternoon, so we decided to grab a bite to eat. We were pleasantly surprised to see this restaurant right across from Paradise Bakery in Terminal 4. They certainly are giving PB a run for their money.Everything was almost the same as their other restaurant in Scottsdale. When our pizza came , the dough, was sitting in some of the sauce. I prefer the bottom of my pizza to be dry. We are not discouraged, we'll be back.
5	Finally an airport restaurant with good food and good service.  I have made it a habit to stop by Sauce when I am at Sky Harbor Terminal 4.  The restaurant is actually managed like a restraurant and the staff takes pride in it.  I have only had pizza when I am here, but am happy nonetheless.  The food is reasonably priced and delivered within only a few minutes.  I would highly recommend this establishment.  It also has a bit of local flare.Ironically, the food at this Sauce restaurant is prepared better than the other two locations I have visited.  Seating can be difficult, however, the restaurant is at an airport, hence traffic flows cannot always be controlled.Thanks for opening up such a fine place at Sky Harbor!
5	I love Sauce in its natural form, and the fact that it is now available @ Sky Harbor Airport just means I'm guaranteed delicious eats when I travel. My favorite item is the vegetable salad, and the summer special is a salad, pizza and two glasses of wine for $20 -- perfect for pre-flight jitters!
5	Most frequent travelers know that PHX is one of the very few airports with REAL dining choices!  No, not the typical crappy national chains (with increased prices), but good, local-ish chains!This particular Sauce location is located outside of security which is great because it doesn't matter which concourse you're departing from, but it does mean you'll be tempting everyone in the security line with the yummy wafting smell of your pizza.Employees are helpful, friendly, and accommodating.  I was offered a drink, gratis, while I waited for my pizza to cook.Back in the day, Paradise Bakery was my go-to Terminal 4 grub.  No more- they've been replaced by Sauce!
4	Nice place to eat in the Phoenix airport - got a great special of a pizza, salad, and 2 glasses of wine for $20.  All were excellent and high above airport food standards.  Plus the staff was incredibly friendly!
5	Great food, menu is different from the "street" locations....
5	The best restaurant in Sky Harbor Airport.  Finally something that HMS Host hasn't destroyed.  The sausage & caramelized onion pizza is the best.  Staff is great and very friendly.
5	Great food, friendly staff, all smiles while waiting for my flight :) tried Mac & cheese and a sausage & caramelized onion pizza- both amazing for the price!
4	I've now eaten at a few Sauce locations and every experiance has been very positive. I really enjoyed the airport location because I travel a lot and have found often times you don't find good food at airports. The food came out quick which is great when you have a flight to catch. They boxed it up for me nicely which made it easy for my to take leftovers onto the plane if I wanted. I've tried a few of the pastas and they are all great, my fav is the Chicken & broccoli pasta, delicious. Sauce has also help me find a new favorite wine, Snoqualmie, which is difficult because I am so picky when it comes to my wine. Has to be sweet and fruity. Cheers to you Sauce !!
4	I never thought I would want to arrive earlier than necessary at an airport... to eat!  Well, now that Sauce is open in PHX Sky Harbor, I make it a point to show up extra early for my flights.Friendly staff and quick, efficient service make Sauce an oasis in the middle of traditionally less than stellar dining options at the airport.  The whole process couldn't be easier - order at the register, take your number and grab a seat.  I like the long high top tables - great for airport people watching.  In less time than it takes to connect to the airport WiFi, your food will be ready.I have yet to venture farther into the menu than pizza, because I am perfectly happy with that.  A thin crust pizza paired with a generous glass of wine is a nice pre-travel treat, in my opinion.  And, doesn't that glass of wine make the whole security checkpoint process that much more tolerable?  :)
4	Pizza with sausage and pepperoni was delicious as well as their Pinot Grigio. Perfect place to grab a bite when you have time before your fight.  Also I got my food pretty quick. *Note this restaurant is outside the security.
3	Love the chicken broccoli w cheese yumm
5	Imagine the perfect place to chill in an airport.... now, imagine Sauce- Pizza & Wine and forget the airline lounge!True, we live in a world of imperfection.  I had to request a menu in order to take my time and order as they don't offer a waiting service.  However, after ordering the food and drinks, I was quite satisfied.  Drinks were very reasonable and the food was excellent.  I highly recommend the Mediterranean pizza (Basil, tomatoes, and cheese) and the Bruschetta.  The pizza is thin but enough to split for two and the bruschetta is voluptuous, with drizzled balsamic vinaigrette to die for!When ordering another beer, I didn't expect the cashier to start flirting with me (a bit unprofessional if you ask me), but they got the job done.Overall, it is with genuine enthusiasm that I suggest dumping the airline lounge for Sauce - Pizza & Lounge!
4	I really appreciate that there's a Sauce at the airport. It's a better alternative to the other pizza places that are a bit blah. It's a good place to have lunch. Food is always yummy and comes out in a timely manner, which is always appreciated since I have a limited lunch break. I've eaten my way through most of the menu, but haven't gotten around to the breakfast just yet. I did see that they have a breakfast pizza which piques my interest so I'll have to give that a try sometime.
3	If you want to grab a quick pizza while at the airport, this isnt a bad spot to try. They were actually pretty quick, and the pizza was good.My main grievances are the same at any pizza place though: lack of viable vegetarian options."but you can get a vegetarian pizza..." well, Im not a fan of a mouth full of onions and peppers, so unless you have real vegetables, you dont have a veggie pizza. "but you can have a salad", yeah and if thats the only vegetarian option anyone offers would you be happy with your choices?
5	Great woodfired cooked pizza; excellent choice if you happen to be flying thru Phoenix airport.
4	This place is exceptional for a quick airport restaurant. It's open to the central food court in terminal 4 right next to the higher end Chelsea's Kitchen. You walk up and order at the window - they have chalkboards flanking you with the current menu. The prices are extremely reasonable, and the quality is high by pizzeria standards, but  exceptional for airport food. The service is great, and we even had a waitress ask us if you wanted anything else, then she grabbed our card, took it up front, ran it, and brought us our food, though this didn't seem like standard procedure.Tends to get pretty crowded at peak travel times, but we've always managed to find a table within a reasonable amount of time (first come first serve).My coworkers and I have made this our regular hangout spot before flying out of a client in Phoenix, and it's likely to stay a staple.
5	Delicious, cheap food at the airport and very friendly staff.  I asked about the soups and the gentleman behind the register didn't hesitate to make a recommendation. I got the Tuscan Tomato which came with a piece of baguette and butter. Super creamy and super tasty. Took all of the stress out of my body and I got to sit and relax before my flight back to Vegas.
4	Airport dining is usually a medley of compromises, and Sauce is one of the better experiences I've had. Let's count. A 12" pizza here costs $10 and is labeled a personal pan (-1 because that shouldn't be encouraged) but I was able to split it with my girlfriend so we each had a decent meal for the unheard-of airport price of $5 each (+1). The thin cracker crust is not only fresh and crispy but helps prevent a bloaty meal (+1), but the toppings were surprisingly greasy for something as harmless as chicken sausage and poblano peppers (-1). The service was good, the setting elegant and the flatscreen clearly visible (+3).
2	I needed a drink so I came here. Service was ok nothing great. Hell the guy was not even happy to be there. Seemed lost really. Drinks are always high priced at the airport but what can you do. food was just ok not even good. Over all food was not good and service not at all what it could be. I wont come here again.
5	This  is a great place to get a good pizza if you are at the airport.  After have tacos for 4 days in Phoenix, the pizza was great. The service was great too.
5	Very good for an airport restaurant.
5	I wanted a quick eat but not a whole pizza so went for the pesto bruschetta. It was absolutely delicious. Quick, efficient service which is naturally what's needed at the airport. A great price too which means I will be back next time I fly. Nice work Sauce.
3	In moving from US Airways reservations to a position at the airport, I have had the chance to experience some of the offerings.Prices are lower than many airport offerings...service is fast...pizzas are good...The spaghetti sauce...somewhat underwhelming.No real "connection" between the server and customer, which, at an airport location, is really not a surprise.For airport food...it is OK.
5	The bruschetta is amazing!
2	During one of my business trips last week, I decided to try a lesson in time management and actually get to the airport on time. Not only did I succeed, I arrived early enough to grab a bite to eat so I'm not stuck with peanuts. Enter: Sauce.Not too shabby of a place for being inside an airport, I guess. I'll have to agree with a reviewer below me - the service is "ehh" and they don't care about much more than taking an order. For example, it was my first time and I had a couple questions about the "build your own pizza" and the guy at the cash register was less than thrilled. I ordered a glass of chardonnay and he asked me if I wanted ice... oh God. Why didn't I just turn around at that point?So I ordered a basic pizza. It had some fancy name to it, but it was just a cheese pizza. Thin crust, minimal sauce (the irony) and not much to be remembered. So I ordered another glass of chardonnay and sucked it up. Note: The seating arrangement is awful. There are bar stools and tables and you won't find a seat for awhile because the tables seat up to 4 people, and if 1 person took that table - they won't seat you there. However, it is probably the best you'll get if you need to dine in at the airport - unless you want McDonalds or some crap Mexican food. The prices aren't bad (about $9 for a whole pizza and $5 for chardonnay) along with a variety of other items (pasta, salad, sandwiches, breakfast food). Maybe I just ordered the wrong stuff, but I don't see myself going back for round two.
1	Pizza was burnt and clearly warmed up with some more cheese thrown on top.  Won't go back.
4	Service with a smile, great pizza, great sauce, and comfortable space to kill time.
3	Ive been here probably 10 times before tonight, usually great. Tonight, not so much. The cashier didn't know how to ring my order, pepperoni and portobello mushroom. She also didn't know how to count change back, a serious pet peeve of mine, it's not that hard. The small plates that are put on the table were all dirty, not from someone using them just dirty from sitting there. And the table itself needed to be wiped off.
5	Far better than the typical airport dining experience, friendly service and excellent food!
5	Our entire family was transiting from Mexico back to CA at PHX.  We were hungry and tired.  We made the wise choice by walking into this gourmet pizza place!It was the BEST thin crust pizzas I ever had!  The chicken sausage and poblano was my favorite.  I had to order a second one!  We also had pepperoni & mushroom, sausage & pepperoni, and cheese pizza.  We cleaned plates! Don't miss this place if you are in PHX!
5	This place is a no brainer 5 stars for me.  It was the $3.75 beers that really caught my attention, but at the risk of looking like a lush to the locals (or non-locals since I was in an airport), I decided to grab a bite to eat.  Thank god I did.  I ordered the Turkey Feta salad and it was UN-believable.  Comprised of mixed greens, turkey, feta, corn, almonds, cucumber, tomato, and avocado; it was honestly one of the best salads I have ever had; and that's saying a lot (lettuce fiend).  You choose your dressing from an available list, so I can't guarantee how good this dish will be if you venture outside of the balsamic and red wine vinegar choices that I decided on; although I'm sure this one is difficult to screw up.Short and sweet....Service: AwesomeBeer: CheapFood: Must tryAmbiance: Above average considering... (airport)Sidenote: Ask for a beer glass and you will get a vessel large enough to hold (conservatively) 5 ounces.  I laughed about that one.
5	Really tasty. Thin crust reminds me of pies you find in SoHo/NYC. Wood fired, crust edges are nicely singed. You stand in line to order, but they bring it to your table, so you can relax a bit. The size is larger than I expected for an airport pizza.
4	Recently, I enjoyed a delicious lunch at the Sauce restaurant in Phoenix so I decided to check out what this airport location had to offer. I figured it had to be better than the peanuts and pretzels the airline would offer, right? And oh boy was it better! You can order and pay with the hostess or at the counter which helps speed up the ordering process for those needing to rush off to their gate. *Caprese Salad with Crostini*The salad came with cubes of fresh  mozzarella, diced tomatoes, freshly toasted crostini pieces, and mesclun (assorted small, young salad leaves). The fresh balsamic vinaigrette was the perfect pairing with the salad. I wasn't too hungry and found the half size portion to be just perfect!I love that all the menu items come with a fresh baked roll and pat of butter - perfect for dipping in soup as I saw other guests enjoying. All in all, quite pleased with the reasonable prices, friendly servers, cleanliness of the restaurant, and healthy food options. Did I mention this is inside the airport?!
5	Needed a place to eat and connect to the Internet to work in between flights.Checked out the other expensive restaurants and decided on Sauce because they have outlets at every seat in the house.Asked the cashier what the best salad was and she recommended the Chicken, Spinach, Gorgonzola, Apple and Walnut Salad. Also ordered a glass of $5 chardonnay.Surprised at how DELICIOUS everything was! Lots of chicken on the salad (and other toppings as well), and the dressing was yummy. Also given a dinner roll with butter to enjoy. The wine was good too.Seriously, I had a wonderful salad and nice glass of wine for the price of a glass of wine at another one of the restaurants at the Phoenix airport.I will definitely be back! Thank you Sauce.
3	Might be a tough pizza critic since we're from Chicago.  Dough was very thin and therefore 'wet' when ingredients were added.  It was okay but I wouldn't be anxious to have it again.  Salad with shredded chicken, feta, tomatoes, and pine nuts was fantastic.  Served super cold with a light vinegar and oil based dressing.
3	I was happy to find a 4-5 star place to grab a quick dinner in PHX Sky Harbor airport terminal 4.Sauce appears to have locations in Phoenix outside the airport as well.  I appreciated the thoughtful toppings and ordered a fajita chicken and poblano pizza.  It was a great and quick pizza.  However, several aspects, notably the crust keep it out of the 4 and 5 star rating for me.  A fine place to eat when you're in the airport, but hard to score as a 4 star experience.
5	Sauce is an oasis in the Phoenix Airport.  My wife and I were blown away by a great experience at Sauce.  How rare is it to eat a sit-down meal in an airport (at a very reasonable price-point, mind you), and actually forget -- for a few minutes, at least -- that you're sitting in a busy airport?  Very refreshing.The two of us split a pizza and a cookie (the cookies are over-sized; a beautiful thing).  Our total bill was $10.83 (see the picture I posted for proof), and it was plenty of food to fill the two of us up.The pepperoni pizza was tasty; the pizza sauce lived up to its namesake at this spot.  The seating area was clean and cozy.  Wood floors and wood tables made it feel downright classy.The service at the counter was friendly and quick -- two great ingredients at an airport.Well done, Sauce!
5	Met a friend in the Sky Harbor Airport last month.  She suggested we have lunch.  OMG....the BEST pizza ever (along with a pizza catering business in El Paso, TX).I would fly into Phoenix just to eat there (if I could afford it!!!).
5	Airport food...stale, over priced under served, right? Well, this place is a real treat. From the cold beer to the ceasar salad to the fresh hot pizza this never ending succession of impression is capped off by fantastic service (seat yourself seating brings tips under question, but these folks hustle the food out hot with a smile).  I'm a bit of a ceasar snob, yet the chilled lettuce, light dressing with just the right bite, plenty of Parmesan, and fresh made croutons won me over and then some.  And an entre size salad for $6 was very impressive! As was the $8 pizza thin crust with fresh basil (I've had smaller pies for twice that price!).  I think I may fly the family out next time just to eat here!
4	As a frequent traveler I make it a point to stop at Sauce and have lunch/dinner. The food is great, cheap in price, and tastes great! Unfortunately it's not at every terminal, but well worth the walk.And for those who are health conscious they can make a veggie pizza with easy cheese. Good food!
4	Potentially the best airport food I have ever had! My husband and I were taking a late flight home from AZ and stopped for dinner before boarding. The pizza pie was legit! Quick, affordable and yummy - a surprise coming from an airport! Well done.
1	I had to wait for my luggage which was comming on the next flight. I decided to get a pizza. Not a good chice though. I havnt been to sauce before not sure if just the airport kocation is bad like this or all of them.1) the lady back there preparig pizza didnt have gloves on. Grabbing cheese and toping bare hand and spread them on the dough.2) pizza was extremely salty. Maybe thats how they sell drink!!!!3) they are stingy with the cheese and toppingFor 11$ pizza i expect to have good amount of topping4) overall pizza didn't look or taste good. I eat it because didnt want to go to another resturant and pay another 11$. Anywhere else i wouldnt even eat it.Id compare their pizza with 7/11 pizza.
5	Totally hit the spot!  If you are connecting you'll have to leave the secured section as it is located in terminal 4 near the shops.  Food was great, much better than typical airport pizza.
5	5 stars earned!I didn't think I would've ever liked onion as a featured topping on a pizza but the sausage and onion pizza was one of the best pizzas I've ever had, even if the sausage wasn't on there ...& I'm a meat-a-tarian!)... The flavor was on the savory, rich & a hint of sweet side. Oh, & the salad was very good (even for me, the aforementioned meat-a-tarian).  It wasn't drenched by dressing & the flavor wasn't just dressing but from the good ingredients (which the dressing brought out)Aaand!!! This is how accommodating and great the staff were... I was looking for a specific NFL game to watch and the restaurant next-door said that there would be no chance that game would be on anywhere in the airport... I simply asked if Sauce could look for the game & voila!! Definitely returning.
5	Great Caesar, great pasta. Can't believe I am in an airport.
5	Who knew airport food could be so good? Two thumbs up for the bruschetta and creamy tomato soup. All this for less than $8.00!
5	Legitimately the best airport food I've ever had in my life. Nice decor and atmosphere,  power outlets under every seat to charge your laptop. Why can't they all be like this?
5	Now this is a great place to catch a bite at the airport.. Yummy thin crust pizzas and fresh salads.. Not your typical airport pizza.
