4	Friendly, polite and quick to see us. Wifey's a little under the weather and they took care of us right away. The nurse and doctor were both very friendly & attentive and helped to get us in, out and on our way in less than 45 minutes total. Definitely recommended. They take Aetna.
4	This place is located on Rainbow, just south of the 215. It's  fairly new and very clean. When it comes to urgent care this place is a great option. Friendly employees, an on-site lab, and a doctor (Dr. Tran) who seems to care about patients. He's not just one of those doctors who will give you a prescription and kick you out. He seems to genuinely be concerned about what's causing a person's illness. I've never seen this place busy, so if I had to choose between a UMC Quickcare and this place, I'm coming here.
5	Okay this place pretty much rocks!  Qualifier:  I really despise doctors in general.  I have white coat syndrome to the max (high bp in a drs office).  And that's because, most of them don't want to give you the time of day and they just want you out as quickly as possible by the numbers!  However, the team at Procare Medical Center absolutely *ROCK*!  Dr. Tran is excellent!  Very forthcoming with information, very open, very concerned!  It's clear, he does what he loves!  And that transcends to everyone in the office.  The receptionist I worked with was excellent!  The nurse that helped me was also excellent!  I was in and out of there in no time in a total of 30 minutes.  I left thinking, "that's it?" :)  I even asked, that's it?  I guess the only thing that might be a concerned for some in  vegas is that it isn't open 24 x 7.  But with regular hours comes more consistency than some of the 24 x 7 hour clinics.
5	Should be called fast & easy! Less then 1 hour & I got my flue shot for $15. Dr. T. was out so I was helped by a Nurse Practitioner, Very Gental.
5	I got up one morning for work at 7 and decided I couldn't go in without seeing a doctor first.  I hardly get sick, so I didn't have a family doctor to go to, so I did a search through my insurance's directory, but I couldn't find anybody open.  When I finally did find somebody, their office was appointment only and was booked for 3 days.  Finally I gave up on the directory and googled to find PMC, and they accepted walk-ins and my insurance (I wished I did that at 7 because they're actually open at 7).  The nurses were friendly and great to work with.  They quickly diagnosed me, I saw the doctor (or NP), and I was out on my way in about 30 minutes.  I tried to go back to work, but HR wouldn't let me without clearance from the doctor's office, so the receptionist had to write up a couple different doctor's notes since they weren't specific enough (which didn't matter since I ultimately wasn't allowed in the office).  They were very accommodating with all of these requests from HR.Finally, they have great hours.  They're open early, they're open late, and they're open on weekends.  They also accept walk-ins, so I know they'll be there whenever I need a last minute visit to a doctor.
2	When I walked in and saw the person at the front desk on a personal call, I knew I should have turned around and left. She did not end the call while I stood there. There was no one else in the waiting room. If I was feeling better I would have found some place else to go. She finally finishes her call and acknowledges me. I complete the required paperwork. I go to bring it to her and she is on another call with a patient. She saw me walk up with my paperwork and place it on the counter in front of her. Another person walks in, she ends her call and proceeds to help the next person, after taking all her info she stands up and says to me "why didn't you tell me you completed your paperwork". I did not even answer her as I knew I would have been rude. She calls me up, tells me I have to pay completes the transaction. I sit back down. The lady from back calls me back. Asks what is wrong, asks about medicines I am taking and my history. I am telling her everything, and she keeps asking me how do you spell it. Everything I said she could not spell. OK, I know medicines and diagnosis are not easy to spell but seriously, I was getting pretty annoyed at this. Plus all the while she is sniffling, I was already sick and the last thing I need is for it to get worse. The Doctor came in a few minutes later, and says hello and says you have the flu. Alrighty then, I could have told her that myself. that is why I have not gone anywhere till today. She finally says well let me take a look, we are talking about my headaches, she says well I can't diagnosis headaches, you should to to the ER for a cat scan. That was it for me. A cat scan for the flu. She tells me to rest for two more days she will give me a note for my employer. Pick up the note up front. I get back to the front ask for my note. My favorite receptionists says we only give those if you ask. I reply the Doctor told me to come get it, not the other way around. I honestly could not take another minute of this so called urgent care. I said i do not need the note and left. I do not need the note. I do not call in to work, so I am not worried. The bottom line is this place is a sham for an urgent care. If you are ill, honestly go to your own Dr. if you can, Even quick care is better than this. I give it two stars because my crankiness may be playing a part in how I am writing this. I am trying to be fair., by taking into consideration I do not feel well.
4	I use Dr. Tran as my regular family doctor. Unless it's for my daughter when her asthma needs special attention. The office is clean and the staff is super friendly. (Of course there is the one employee who isn't so nice. One of the girls in the front ::cough cough::) I like that the office also has an aesthetician available w several beauty treatments... I love looking at the products available in the front: oils, treatments and Latisse. I haven't tried her yet, but it's on my to-do list!!With someone like me, this place is perfect.  I do things last minute and like to be a 'walk-in'  I've been a couple times to this office and have been seen in a descent amount of time. It's located in a great location. Shopping  and a 7-Eleven within walking distance! And like a pediatricians office, they give yummy lollipops! yes, even adults think lollipops make it better!
3	I've been here twice and the service I receive is great. They are really good with patience. The first time I went, I was seen by a female doctor. She was a PAC and I loved that they followed up with me a week after I saw them. That showed me that this doctor had a lot of integrity. Its rare in Las Vegas.. Dr's nowadays just want to give you drugs and send you on your way. The second time I went was because I had a cough. Dr. Tran was really quick with me. I like that there is no wait, but I guess thats just how it is nowadays. In and out and your done =/
5	Love this place!  Like quickcare but 100 times better.  All of the staff is very nice and they get you in and out really quick ( I nevee have has to wait more than 20 minutes!)Awsome when you have the cough, congestion etc and need some meds without going to your primary Dr.
5	My parents have been going to ProCare for about 3 years now after a mishap with another Vegas Doctor. This office is clean, quick and friendly with service. I came in for a physical and was advised on what needed to be done, blood was drawn quickly and Dr. Tran is great!I'm sad to see not many doctors' offices are reviewed on Yelp, but hope that'll change soon. :)
5	My heart is full. I have been seeing dr tran for over a year as well as other doctors when dr tran is not available. I cant express enough the professionalism and genuine care the entire staff shows. I cannot thank them enough for how they have helped me.
4	Quick Service, very clean facility. Pharmacy on premises for total convenience. Highly recommend!
5	Procare Medical Center is a place I would recommend without hesitation. The facility is clean, friendly, and my wait time has never exceeded 10-15 minutes. Dr. Tran is an excellent physician who always treated me with respect, dignity, compassion, and empathy. This is something not too many Doctors exhibit to patients. The fact that they would take Out-of State Workers Compensation made the experience even better, since most Doctors I've tried to see in Nevada refuse to take out of state workers compensation. Furthermore, Doctor Tran also has always allowed me to be an active part in determining the best treatment options; he also takes the time to LISTEN to my concerns without passing judgment. It's nice have a Doctor who advocated treatment. I gave Procare Medical Center a five because Dr. Tran took my concerns seriously, when my primary Doctor in Davis, California repeatedly dismissed my complaints of pain, numbness in hands, and my inability to feel.  My doctor in Davis, California dismissed me from his care and told me to return to work. Even though, I was showing signs of nerve damage. When, I returned to Doctor Tran, he took my complaints serious enough to investigate the cause of my pain. If it wasn't for Dr. Tran I would've received the appropriate care.
4	I got sick on a holiday is this was one of the few places in vegas that takes my crappy insurance.   Service was quick and fast- and I was able to get a note to extend my 3 day weekend.
5	I went to Procare because I had a deep cut in my hand that needed stitching and I was very pleased with the care I had--tricky stitches because of the angle, but the result was totally pro. There's barely a trace left on my skin. I went back twice because of a bad flu, and again, I came away feeling as if I had had excellent care. The staff followed up with phone calls, etc. Great place. I'll go back next time I need something.
5	Came here on a Sunday and wasn't disappointed.  The waiting area was very full, so I figured I'd be in for a long wait. As soon as I finished my paperwork, they called me back not more than 5 minutes later.Nursing staff was professional, and Dr. Tran was great. After some of the doctors & staff I've dealt with, this is probably where I'll be going from now on. They listened, didn't make me feel rushed, and made me feel important.
1	So I went this yesterday after I called and they said that there was only 2 people waiting in the lobby. When I got there, it was 15 minutes after I called, the waiting room was full. There were about 6 people waiting. What got me mad was that I've been there several times and Im not sure what changed on their charts, they sent my prescription over to the wrong pharmacy. This is after the PA confirmed that the pharmacy I requested to send it over to was down the street.OK so I called them at 7AM to resolve the issue and they never called the other pharmacy. I had to call the correct one and they where able to assist me. This is very POOR customer service. Disappointed because its most definitely in and out urgent care, but this turned me off.
5	So lucky.  Found them by accident and I love them
5	I've been coming here for 3 years now and Dr Tran is awesome!! He's a doctor who really cares for his patients and he hates making people wait. I've already seen him skip lunch to wait on patients.
5	Not bad and very convenient! Hunnie Bunnie was playing outside the other day and then it looked like there was something in her eye. It's a little raised bump or something. I tried to touch it to get it out, but it wasn't working. Today I called to see if they could look at something in her eye? Whoever answered said they could take a look. I can't remember how long we waited but we were probably there for an hour or so. All the staff was VERY friendly and nice and the doctor came in, looked at her eye and sent us on our way. He said most likely it is a blood vessel and it should go away soon. GOOD. We will definitely come back here for all of our urgent care needs!
5	This happened to be the best urgent care I have ever been to.  The service was great. I love the staff and Dr T.  I would  recommend  this  place to anyone
4	The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that the wait can be long sometimes, but other than that, it is a very nice place. The doctors and nurses have always been incredibly nice and helpful, and I feel like this place is run very well overall. They really take time with you in the examining room and you do not get that rush you in and out feeling that some offices have. Front desk staff are very nice, which I find to be a rarity in Vegas, so it is a nice way to start off what can often be a stressful experience. I would definitely recommend this place to others.
5	everyone is friendly and the pharmacy in the same location is convenient.nurses always have a little small talk while taking my readings. dr. tran is friendly and gets right to the point. busy guy. on appointment days ave time from checking in to seeing the doc has been about 30mins for me. walk ins are about the same when its not busy. when they are busy its about a hour even if you have an appointment. i know everything cant run 100% smoothly and with a place so busy, complications are bound to happen. overall my experience has always been great. some people are impatient and think everything is entitled to them.
5	Dr. Tran and his staff are amazing, I've been using him for a couple of years now. Yes the wait can be long, but that is only because of how popular he is with all of his patients. I spoke with him yesterday and he has plans to expand his current location, which will mean less of a wait time, plus he has a new clinic opening up on the east side of town this summer. Yes, he is a walk in clinic, but he is also available to be your family care provider. I switched over to him last year as my primary care provider and couldn't be happier.
2	I've been to this place twice now in the span of 2 years. I was not pleased after the first visit due to long wait time (more than an hour) and the fact that once I did get to see the doctor, I felt he rushed my exam (less than 5 minutes). He was also very impersonal and cold. Fast forward to two years later, I have a cold/sinus infection and can't get in to see my normal GP. I call Procare to schedule an appointment (maybe if I make an appointment instead of going as a walk in patient they'll get me back in a timely matter). I arrive 10 minutes before my appointment time to update paperwork and yet I still have to wait 45 minutes past my appointment time to be taken back!  Time is valuable, and I wish this place would respect that.
5	Dr. Tran and his staff are VERY helpful! The wait can be long but they are attentive once you get back there. They also have an x-ray machine in case you may think you have a break. Why go to the emergency room and pay high prices when Dr. Tran has an x-ray machine? He will do the same thing the emergency room will do, diagnose the break, place you in a splint and refer you to an orthopedic surgeon. BUT they do it WITHOUT emergency room prices.  There is an in house pharmacy so while you are checking out, your prescriptions are being filled. They take most insurances AND Dr. Tran does a fundraiser every year for my kids' school. He offers $25 sports physicals, which include all necessary paperwork being filled out and he gives a portion of the money he charges to my childrens' private school!!!! He sees infants all the way up to adults.  This is a full service Urgent Care!
4	Healthcare in Vegas. 3 words that can make any of us from all walks of life cringe. For the most part Vegas healthcare has some issues. But there are exceptions to the problems, and for me Procare is one of them. Yes, there can be a wait. Yes, you have to fill out insurance forms and they have to ask questions and collect a co-pay. Suck it up buttercup, it's how heathcare these days is. Once you get the front office satisfied I haven't had to wait too long, I prepare though by making sure my phone is charged or by bringing an iPad to keep me distracted while I wait. I've seen the nurse practictioners like Adriana, and I've seen Dr. Tran. I like them both. If you are looking for a mindless doctor or nurse to rubber stamp your request for a trip through the best of Big Pharma's meds, this is NOT the place you want to go. But if you want to talk to people that seem to actually give a damn as to what's going on with you and want to make you well vs. seeing you as another Lexus payment...this is a place to consider. Location: Right off the 215 at Rainbow. Parking can be...interesting. The waiting room feels a touch on the cozy side. These are things that I usually grumble about but the care I've received makes me gladly put up with it. And yes the front office staff has to ask you questions and collect money, but I've found them friendly and good to work with on referrals or if I had questions. 4 Stars. I'm being tight on 5 stars these days. But make no mistake, it's a strong 4 Star rating. Other VERY GOOD THINGS about Procare: They don't have Banker's hours..so you can be seen after work and not burn sick time. And they are open on weekends too while other doctor's office have crickets chirping. Health care issues don't always happen between 8 am and 4 pm, it's nice to see a practice that understands how the world works and has real hours that make sense.
1	If you are proactive in your health care then this is not the place for you
2	I've now been to Procare twice in a week. The Good:1. There seems to be great continuity of care. I saw the same NP both times and she had clearly read my file before our second visit. 2. The aforementioned NP, Jeannine, is awesome. A great listener, proactive and understands that there is value in the patient feeling that something is wrong, even though nothing is wrong on paper. She's got a great sense of humor and is very efficient.3. The front office girls keep things moving right along. I didn't wait in the waiting room for more than 15 minutes either time. 4. The office, while weirdly located, is clean and comfortable.5. They offer urgent care, as well as primary care. They have x-ray capabilities, as well as an in-house pharmacy (closed for renovations as of 7/25/13). 6. They see patients by appointment, but also accept walk-ins.7. I received excellent care.The Bad:1. Both times, I waited over an hour in the exam room before I saw the NP. The first time, I got the impression that I had been forgotten about, so I figured it would be much quicker the second go-round. I was wrong. The reason people seem to be moving out of the waiting room so quickly is because they're being put into exam rooms to finish out the wait. Bottom line: My time is valuable, which is why I take the time to make appointments. When, an hour + past my appointment time, I still have not been seen, I can only come to the conclusion that my time has no value here. While the NP is good enough to overshadow the sluggishness of this office, I think that I will be hunting down a different doctor for an overall better experience.
4	I came in around 11am on a Sunday, there was a lot of people waiting so I was ready with head phones and a fully charged phone. All together I think I waited maybe 20 minutes in the waiting room and 5 minutes in the room waiting for the dr. The visit was brief but my reason for being there was minor and didnt need a lot of time. The nurse was really nice and effiecient, made me feel comfortable before the Dr. got there. All together great visit and you cant beat having a primary care option on the weekends keeps people away from Urgent care and emergency rooms
1	Screw this place I went there to get pain killers for a skin infection that has been KILLING me and all she did was prescribe me ibuprofen and a 150$ anti biotic when she knows I gave no insurance. My cousin had already called in 2 anti biotics for the same thing that came out to about 30$ but I went in to be seen bc I was in excruciating pain and needed a pain killer. Now I have to go back and get a refund on my 60$ she wasted
5	Procare gets 5 Stars from me. The reasons why are:1: Realistic hours. Need to be seen at 4 pm on a Saturday, or after 5 on a weekday? Procare is open at two locations, one of them is not far off the Strip.2: Got family in from out of state and they need to see a doc but don't want to get socked with out of network fees? $60 gets them in, out, and back to enjoying Vegas!3: Great office staff. Treat them with respect you get it back. Beyond the usual if you become a regular patient, the Procare staff rocks. But it's Dr. Tran that has changed my life....and my perception of Vegas health care. Anyone that has seen me in the past few months knows that Dr. Tran has made a difference for me. The 5 Stars in this case seem very appropriate. The man is a Godsend, and I'm glad someone recommended him to me.
5	I love this place! It's not always the quickest because apparently everyone else loves this place too lol but I don't mind waiting because once I'm actually in the room to see the doc, he's pretty efficient and straight to the point. They take culinary insurance and bill it as a general practitioner instead of an actual urgent care or ER which saves me 50-130 so that's another plus! They also have their own pharmacy for cheaper than or the same price as my pharmacy.
5	Friendly staffs , that's important thing for an establishment that care for the ill. I don't have to wait for a long time (i had an appointment at 11am), I had a chest X-ray , medical check up, and vials of blood drawn for a blood tests, I was out of there by 12pm. I have no health insurance so they gave me a heads up on the total price of all those procedures and asked if I still want them done.. Unlike some others!!
1	I hate writing a bad review for an Asian-American owned business, but I feel it is my obligation to advocate for future patients who may suffer from neglectful and unethical practices.Everything went wrong from the very beginning. At Medical and mental health clinics, it's not common to find unempathetic and distant desk workers. They somewhat need to act like this as a risk management strategy due to the fact that we now live in the era of HIPPA thanks to Slick Willy. But, the attitude at PROCARE was excessively cold and they facilitate an atmosphere which may lead patients to believe that they are at a for-profit clinic that only cares about billing and not your recovery. Funny thing was that when they found out I was a yelper, they started kissing my ass. Suddenly, HIPPA no longer existed and I was a VIP. My main issue was due to some of the unethical practices. The Dr. did not see me for more than 2 minutes, and made a rushed assessment. I was prescribed a medication which my body had a severe reaction to. I called the next day, and the uninterested front desk worker told me to "take benadryll" and go on with my life. When I explained the severity of the symptoms, she invited me back for a follow up visit, "FREE OF CHARGE". When I arrived the next day, the front desk girl said that I could not see the Dr. unless I paid. Remember that this is a for-profit clinic, and billing and making money is their number one concern. I was in severe pain due to the adverse reaction from the medication, so I just paid the money and saw the same Dr. The Dr. informed me that I couldn't prove that the medication was causing these adverse symptoms and he claimed I had an unrelated virus that was causing my symptoms. He then prescribes me an "anti-viral" drug and sends me on my way. When I went to the Pharmacist, the Pharm.D(Doctor of Pharmacology) told me that the "anti-viral" medication that was prescribed to me was not in any way an anti-viral medication and that I was given false information. She explained to me that the so called anti-viral medication was a steroid used to treat inflammation from drug-induced side effects. The same drug induced side effects I was experiencing from the prescription medication that  PROCARE claimed was not causing the adverse reaction. I now wanted to get a second opinion so I went to my usual MD in Summerlin who told me that the drug originally prescribed to me has side effects which are absolutely relevant to the symptoms I was experiencing(blistering rash, troubles breathing, swelling eyes, flu-like symptoms, swollen lips and tongue). The MD also expressed that the misleading information that PROCARE gave me could possibly have been an unethical risk-managment strategy. I believe the dishonesty and unethical practices are a consequence of the Dr's educational background. I did some research after all of this happened to me. If you google PROCARE's Dr, you will see that he went to an unaccredited medical school which is headquartered oversees, and he got his undergrad in South America. Most states including California, Maine, Oregon, Texas, New York and Indiana declare this medical school an "Institution Whose Degrees are Illegal to Use" or "not recognized or disapproved medical school to practice in state." Nevada is one of the only states that allows graduates from this school to practice. Even the BBC states that the medical school is only operational due to a "loophole which allows them to operate unregulated". These foreign schools recruit many from the US, and present an unaccredited scam-degree. I know from experience, years ago I fell for a scam law program which was headquartered oversees. Every time you see a professional with one of these oversees degrees, just walk away.I am sensitive to the fact that medical doctors do make mistakes and misdiagnose at times, and the Dr. and nurses are actually very nice... but I am more dissatisfied over the  unethical billing procedures where they led me on to believe the follow up appointment was free to trick me into making the 20 mile drive over there.
5	Love this place. Flat fee of 60 for cash clients and an additional 15 for urine sample. Everyone was pleasantly nice and the drs assistant even gave me a couple samples for 3weeks. They were really fast too. 5 minute wait and 25 minutes with the staff. I would highly recommend this place. Great experience.
5	Came here yesterday after a little accident on a trip to Vegas. The staff was very friendly and the waiting time wasn't too bad. Way better than your average urgent care. They took some hand x-rays and referred me to a specialist for further examination/treatment. Not sure about the price of the x-ray yet, so if that turns out to be something crazy I will have to update the review.
1	Horrible place to come only thing good about it is that you can walk in. my son is 2 and very sick, when I brought him in I said it felt like he had a very high temp it took them 20 min to take his temp and that's only because I kept bugging them. still sitting here my sons temp over 102f and I had time to send my husband to the store to get him medicine and am still waiting 45 min later. They obviously don't care about their patients!!! And I can't imagine what my sons temp would be if we hadn't gone to get him something to reduce his fever ou
5	Very little wait, particularly for just walking in.  Professional and friendly service for only $60 without insurance.  Deal!
1	Don't come here i thought I would be given priority for having an appointment and i was early for it. Been waiting for hours for a simple strep test. You can tell they don't care about their patients and the waiting room is filthy.
3	Came in because of fever, chills, and sore throat. I didn't have an appointment, so I waited about an hour. Which is understandable, so I was patient. The nurse I had was real friendly. Doctor was ok. In the past I've had Dr. Tran. He is great. Never rushes with the patient. I would give this place 4 or 5 stars, except the front desk staff could use more customer service. Lady at front counter could be a little more friendlier. She never even broke a smile. Seemed like she had a chip on her shoulder.  Also when I went to pick up my 2 prescriptions at the local pharmacy, they had 3. I had to call over to Procare to verify this as I know that I was only prescribed 1 antibiotic & 1 steroid. The lady confirmed that I didn't need 2 antibiotics & that 1 was sent in error.
1	horrible service! made an appointment, yet still made waiting 1 hour, then kept extending 20 mins, then 20 mins, then 20 mins!!! really?!?!?! if you can not keep the appointment, why overbooked and made people wait???? I ended up walking out
5	This Clinic deserves a perfect rating! First of all, I talked to the Staff there. - They actually reduced their normal Fee to see the Doctor to $60 to help in the tough economic situation going on. I'm from SoCal and I've never seen anything like this, anywhere. I have been without insurance for some time now and I am so grateful to have found ProCare. Yes, it's an Urgent Care and their fee is reduced, so of course you need to expect them to be quite busy. However, both times I've been a patient there, I've seen that they do the best they can to get their patients in and out. And each time, the Doctor(s) personally thanked me for the wait and apologized (they are doing the best they can). The Doctor will always take their time with you, as long as you need, to be helpful and not just rush you out with whatever prescription. They are serving the community the way the medical professionals should be!!! I have since made Dr Tran my General Physician and plan to continue to be seen there as long as I live here in Vegas. I recommend!!!
1	Was told at noon that the wait for a urine drug test would be 10-15 minutes. It's now 2:45 and I've seen at least 15 people walk in after me, be seen, and leave. The front desk staff is rude and incompetent. If my company wasn't contracted with procare, I would've been gone HOURS ago. Legitimately sorry to those who choose this office as their primary medical center. I refuse to come back here ever again. If I could give them 0 stars, I would. This is ridiculous.
5	This place was awesome! Three words 'Urgent Care' 'Appointments'. I had to come in the middle of a work day and was short on time, I was in, out, prescriptions filled and back at my desk (on the strip!) in one hour. The doctor was not a drug pusher and listened to what I had to say. Did not push a bunch of prescriptions on me and everyone was very professional. Awesome. If you have to go somewhere when you feel like crap, this is the place to go.
1	I thought it would've been okay to come here based on the reviews but I was so disappointed. The doctor was very dismissive & condescending. He questioned many things I said because he didn't agree. Also, the facility is dirty. The bathroom is disgusting. For a medical office, you'd think there were cleanliness standards.
1	I had an appointment at 11 am and it is now 12:30pm and I still have not been seen. Why make an appointment if you still have to wait this long? I'm a healthy adult in my 20s and just need a shot, didn't think it would take this long. I wanted to come here because I am Vietnamese and wanted to have a Vietnamese doctor to feel more comfortable. This has not been enjoyable. Waiting and waiting. I respect your time by coming early to my appointment, I expect my time to be respected too... Whether it's a Saturday and I'm not working or not. Will probably be changing my PCP. :-(
5	Yes, there are lots of people. Yes there is a wait but no longer than expected and in fact shorter than expected! We ended going 3 times for a stubborn bacteria that would not go away with the normal treatment.  PA Andriana and then PA Matthew are dedicated caring and professional and beat the bacteria!I was not a fan of "urgent care" but have changed my mind. Most of the staff are happy and quite pleasant.  I will definitely come here again if I have an urgent health matter. Thanks to all- you are so appreciated by our family!
5	Dr. Tran rocks. Staff is friendly. Very busy urgent care, but the medical advice is second to none.
4	My son had strep throat and needed to get medication right away.  It was a Sunday and his doctor was not open.  Walk-ins Welcome.  Wait was a little longer than expected but excellent location and kind PA (Amy Pfister PA-C). Thank You. I also thought it was helpful that there was a pharmacy on-site,
5	My boyfriend had to seen for broken/hurt ribs and they got us in and out within an hour. Quick, efficient, and friendly staff.
1	Even after making an appointment, the last 2 times the wait was close to 2 hours! What's the point of making an appointment?!?!?! And when I asked what was taking so long they finally told me that I had been classified as a walk in. So even if u make an appointment,  u are still classified as a walk in. So no matter what u do, be prepared to wait 2 hours.  In other words, don't plan anything else for that day. Know of any other doctors around here?  I'll definitely change doctors. Not worth the time wasted waiting!
5	Doctors are no fun when you're sick or have something that's needs to be looked at. But this is the one place I come to for any of my physical problems. The nurses are nice as well as the doctors. They take their time to talk about what's wrong unlike other Urgent Cares. They will talk things out with you and not play around or take their time for useless things. Once the doctors have prescribed a medication, they will send it to the pharmacy of your choice so you don't have to drop off your prescription paper. If there's blood work needed, they do it right there for you! One thing to be aware is the wait time! I was talking to the nurse about it and he said it's also because the doctors want to take the time to make sure every patient is doing okay! I'm always prepared to wait and I'll definitely wait to get seen here. I definitely recommend this location!
1	Just as others have said - there seems to be no point in making an appointment because this place does not uphold or abide by that appointment time. Seriously, people make appointments because they have things to do and places to be. If we have an appointment and don't show up on time they will just cancel our appointment and skip over us if we don't come in at that time, so why is the same respect not held for them to us. I've been here twice. The first time my girlfriend made an appointment and I think we ended up waiting about 45 minutes to an hour longer than the appointment time before we were seen. Once we were seen the main doctor (Tran??) seemed very impatient with us and seemed like he was trying to rush us out of there. Second time we came here was just yesterday. We made an appointment for 11:00. We get there at 10:55 and sign in at the desk. At 11:30 we get called to the back by a doctor. He asks us where our slip is and we say we don't have one and he says well you were supposed to get one at the desk once you signed in. Then he says "oh you must have signed in on the wrong sheet, there is an "appointment" sheet and a "walk-in" sheet, you must have signed into the walk-in sheet." Ok, well when we walked in we told the receptionist we had an appointment and she said "just sign in" that would be great if your receptionist could inform us that there are two different sheets and make sure to sign the correct one.So after this mix up the doctor walks us back out and tells the receptionist that we are an appointment, not a walk-in. She tells us it will be another hour or so. Keep in mind, by this time it is approximately 11:40 AM. Another hour puts us at 12:40 PM. Our appointment is at 11:00 AM. How is it fair for them to make us wait almost two hours after our appointment is scheduled? What is the point of making an appointment???We are never coming back here again.
1	Terrible! They deserve 0 stars honestly! I have been here twice, both WITH appointments and still have waited over an hour and a half to be seen. The 1st time Dr. Tran was very rude. I came in for a blood pregnancy test because I wanted to be 100% sure I wasn't pregnant even though i had a negative pee test. (I was over 2 months late.) & there HAS BEEN CASES where a pee test hasn't detected the pregnancy hormone. He tried to get smart with me saying he had never seen a case like that, & I honestly wanted to just be like, "Idgaf what you have seen or not, give me a damn blood pregnancy test and be done with me!" BUT...lol I contained myself and said, "Wellllll, I STILL want one!" He gave it to me and I left. This last time, I walked out. Apparently I signed into the wrong list (drug testing) and I had already waited over 20 minutes of my appointment time which was at 11am. The drug testing guy said, "Don't worry, I'll take care of it." So then I walked up to the LOVELY receptionists and asked how much longer I was gonna wait and one of them while on the phone had the nerve to look at me and slightly roll her eyes and say, "Its gonna be another 45-1hour!" I mentioned I had an appointment and another receptionist which was nicer said she apologized for the inconvenience but that everyone had arrived at the same time. She calmed me down from the other bitch that had snapped at me. If you're reading this BITCH, you need to learn some FUCKING people skills and respect appointment times. That's why appointments are made you STUPID BITCH! I will never be back here again.
1	Like others have mentioned, this place deserves ZERO STARS! Don't even waste your time to go here. Here's why.. 1. VERY UNORGANIZED! You walk in and the wait is ridiculously long. Everyone's panicking over something really simple that can be solved without freaking out.  2. they charge you for a DOCTORS VISIT when you don't even get to see a doctor. What's the point???? A physician's assistant is NOT A DOCTOR. 3. They are VERY UNPROFESSIONAL. -totally forgot about everything we requested for and kicked us out of the room, left us standing in the hall when we weren't even done with getting shots/prescription. -didn't even acknowledge any health issues we mentioned and walked out of there thinking the appointment was POINTLESS. 4. We all value our health.. Obviously why we came in to see the doctor but after conducting blood work, they said that results will be given 3 business day MAX AND 6 business days have passed and Still no results??? Follow it up if you have to. They obviously don't care about their patients. 5. Dirty facility. IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH, DO NOT GO TO PROCARE.
5	Great experience at Procare! We were in and out in a hour, and also able to pick up my prescription at their office. The staff do their job well and the facility was nice & clean. Such an easy Urgent care visit when compared to UMC Quickcare!
1	Been going there for 3 years and had no problems, until NOW. I had my annual bloodwork done 6 months ago for my maintenance medication and I called them it refill my meds and they tell me I have to do bloodwork again. That's ridiculous, Dr Tran office wants to rip you off so he can make more money! I have been on these meds for over 10 years with an annual bloodwork not 3 months, going to another Dr.
4	Waiting room was a little dirty, but it was near closing time, so it had a full day of use. In at 7 pm, out by 8:30 pm. Nice staff and docs. I'd come again.
1	If I could give no stars I definitely would! Very rude, seems like teenagers working the front. Came in sick, gave my ID & insurance. Gave my cards back & said "we don't accept your insurance, there's another urgent care down the street," Very rudely. Uh okay? Where down the street? Come to find out it wasn't down the street, it was about 6 miles away. Rude rude rude.
5	We had an amazing experience at this clinic; I called to book a morning appointment, and though we showed up a bit early to fill out paperwork, they attended to us within five minutes of or scheduled appointment time, were exceptionally friendly, and the place was nice.The waiting room is comfortable, clean, and friendly, and they have an on-site pharmacy. They were out of stock of one of the medications the doctor prescribed, so they called the prescription in to the Walmart across the street. It turned our when we went to pick it up that they were similarly out of stock, but I found a CVS in the area that had it.I called to them to call in the order to the CVS, and not only did they do so quickly, they also called *me* back to let me know how long it would take to be filled, and gave me the name of the pharmacist at the CVS gets talked to.The doctor was knowledgeable and genuine, and answered all our questions. The quality of care and service is top-notch, and we'll be returning to this location for our primary care needs.
4	The staff here is great.  Knowledge is key. Smiles are key.  With any doctors office your gonna wait.  Whether u have a appointment or not.  They have a pharmacy on site which is way cool and convenient
5	Went here for a pre-employment drug test today. I was a little worried when I saw a lot of people, but there is a different area for drug screenings. Waited maybe 5 minutes before going into the office. The tech, Edgar, was amazing! He worked quickly and was well organized, as well as being very friendly.
3	My dad told me about this place when I caught the flu and mentioned that they accept walk-ins since I was on the verge of dying. He usually checks up with Dr. Tran but unfortunately he wasn't in that afternoon. So three stars as of right now since Dr. Tran has been my dad's go-to doctor for awhile now.Stepped in, thought to myself: Wow, they really placed no effort in trying to make this place look inviting. Everything just looks put together for business and that's that. No thought about how comfortable you might want it to look to comfort those in pain- or for returning business in general. Since I wasn't able to meet with Dr. Tran, I saw his assistant instead. She was very friendly and seemed VERY young which frightened me a little bit (not going to lie) but the medications she prescribed did do the trick and healed me in a couple of days. And since I'm currently working at a place that's in the process of becoming unionized, she was able to print me out some coupons for any pharmacy I decided to pick up my meds at. That's a nice touch.Also, three stars for the people that weighed me in, took my blood pressure; etc. They did not seem professional whatsoever which left a salty image on the place. You can tell that they were fed up by being there and wasn't really personable when asking about my symptoms. It was almost robotic.Let me do advise that the people working here should wear a more professional attire (preferably a uniform) instead of a casual outfit with a white coat over it. Details people! At least try to portray an image your patients would feel comfortable with. Geez.
4	Dr GREAT!!! The nurse was nice. However the office needs to work on keeping their appointments time as close to the appointment time as possible. They  certainly seemed  overwhelmed at the time of my appointment. Otherwise, I love the doctors in this place.
1	I  had a terrible experience here last nite and I have been coming here for years..... time to find a new urgent care. Anthony at the front desk has an attitude that doesn't know when to quit and when I called the office manager today to complain she gave me excuses and acted like I had the problem. It's tooooo bad, we recommended this place to everyone and we all really like Dr Tran. He is the only reason I gave it one star. We are a family of 5 and used to use this location for everything from colds to dot cards to my son's broken arm. I am over it Thank you Anthony.
