4	I'm not crazy about their appetizers, in particular the bruscetta, which is grilled (burned in my opinion) and always too big and covered with random stuff.  But their house bread and main entrees are so hearty and tasty that it more than makes up for it.  They also deliver and are usually pretty quick, usually half an hour or less.  They also include evoo and seasoning for the bread which pretty much disappears in seconds at my house.
4	I've been to a number of Carabba's without being disappointed, and my visits to this location have been no exception.A popular place, but a great spot for a restaurant and the service has been really good.Carabba's also has one of my all-time favorite Italian dishes: Chicken Bryan, which forges chicken, sun-dried tomatoes and some kind of interesting cheese on top of a bed of pasta. Absolutely magnificent!
3	Been there couple months ago. The food was so-so (portions were huge). The only thing I really enjoyed was the bread (got a 2nd serving it was so yummy!). My dinner came in a very heavy and salty sauce (the color of pimento cheese) that I could barely taste the food. My husband got the shrimp pasta special that he felt was good.Although there were plenty of other seats available we were ushered into the young family with babies area. I guess we do look like a couple with a young child even though it was just us...:-). On the positive side our waitress was very quick and checked on us often even as she had to deal with few other big tables.The restaurant tries to be too many things at once: family restaurant, sports bar and a young crowd hang-out. Instead is just a very noisy mixed-up place with an acceptable food.
5	Much like Brett M., I have pretty much gone to a number of Carrabba's Grills around the city and even out of town. Actually, I went tonite. The service, the meal, the atmosphere all were at 100%. Chris, our server was par excellent. Some people are just good for their job. With Chris, by the time we thought we needed something he was there at the table to check on us. I had the Steak Marsala...it was so huge I still have some left.
4	For those familiar know it's a chain restaurant's the great part is it doesn't have that cookie cutter feeling of mediocrity from most other chain establishments. This is the second Carrabba's I have been to and have to say you get the feeling you r patronage counts. This is what usually separates smaller owner operated establishment . As from atmosphere it's warm and comfortable, the the staff are accommodating . As usual I take my position at of near the bar, get a feel of the area especially when in a new city.The bartender was both knowledgeable and helpful with the menu and local questions , including local brews. Over all food price and portion size more than win , and should be a lesson to other chain restaurants that a good night out and good service are far better advertising that corny ads and jingles on TV and radio
3	There is a Carrabba's in Matthew's that is always packed.... this one on South didn't seem the same (maybe cause it was a Sunday night) but the food was good.  Service was a little slow, but our server said it was his 5th day there - he did a good job.I had the small chicken marsala with green beans (the vegetable of the day).  it was just the right size and it also came with a side salad (or soup).  I over indulged on the bread and olive oil though... good thing we walked here so we walked some of it off after eating.
4	Had a great time with the sibling and nieces, we went to Carrabbas today for a post monkey Joe's food fest and were not disappointed.  The waiter was great, very attentive and real engaging with the kids.  I also had a good deal of bread, so carb loaders hit this place first on your rampage.  Everything is cooked fresh... I know this because they have no microwaves according to the kitchen, as we asked to nuke some milk for one of the kids and they had to do it on the stove.  By far a great restaurant to go to, chain or not!  For my actual meal, I ate something I can't pronounce, but it was great!  Noodles, Tomato, Garlic and some other stuff, it was yummy yum yum! The sis had lasagna and was Delicious according to her and My 2 yr old niece enjoyed her raviolis!  She also carb loaded as well!  So... nap time for us :)
3	I guess it is everything that you would expect from a chain restaurant.  Normally, I would give this place 4 stars for the great food, good service, and excellent menu, but it is just so vanilla.  There are a million places just like this.  To be a little more specific and helpful, the mussels are the best thing on the menu.  Save some bread (and room) for this treat.  The best entree is the Pollo Rosa Maria.  Chicken stuffed with cheese and topped with an excellent gravy mushroom sauce. At the very least, you know you are going to a good restaurant.  We are stuffed and you will be too.  Best advice, pace yourself but crush the bread.  Enjoy!
3	Chain Italian on South Boulevard.  The food is pretty good - especially the warm bread and olive oil served before the meal.  It is slightly overpriced.  I would go for dinner only since there is no dedicated (cheaper) lunch menu and the place just looks barren during the day.  The wait staff is friendly enough, though the food did seem to take a while to get out and we were some of the only people there.  Location is probably my favorite part, since it is near a ton of other fun things to do - art galleries, bars, shops.
1	Writing this from the perspective of a vegan: This was my fourth visit to this location and it was a fourth struggle to get my food done right.  Carrabba's has limited vegetarian options (their soups are made with chicken stock) and problem is they are also loaded with cheese and dairy.Knew this was going to be a challenging visit when after telling our waiter we were vegetarian he kept recommending chicken and seafood dishes.  Sure enough, our order came back wrong and cooking staff had to re-do. Even in the re-do the food was so oily and salty it was tough to enjoy.As good as the bread is, it may not be enough reason to keep returning for this much aggravation.
4	I had the Pasta Sostanza but instead of Tagliarini I had it with whole wheat spaghetti.  I was pleasantly surprised at how DELICIOUS their whole wheat pasta is!  I'm so glad I found a spot with a great whole wheat pasta in Charlotte.  The rest of the dish was great as well, right down to the artichokes.  And if you're in the mood for Sangria - the waitress recommended the Blackberry Sangria and I'm glad she did!
5	Love this restaurant! One of my favs! :)
1	Usually Have a great experience but the last time was awful! The host was very rude and our server Jeffrey was slow and sarcastic (in a bad way) the food is always great, but over all dealing with the staff was not worth it!
3	Well my date and I were looking for some dependable and reasonably priced Italian that was nearby for dinner before we headed over to 316 and we ended up at Carrabba's. While it may not have been my first choice given the local Italian dining that can be found throughout the city, I felt like it was a decent enough experience and cheaper than a lot of options in uptown.The place's atmosphere was warm and cozy, but feeling a little empty. Maybe because it was a Tuesday night and dead empty. Now this usually either means you might either get an overly attentive waiter or one that's in a bit of a sulky mood due to not making much for the night. To my surprise our waiter did neither, other than some light banter while we were ordering and some timely water refills he left us alone to enjoy our meal.This is the part where I wish I had ordered differently or had bothered to comment on the food. The bread that comes out before the meal has a nice toasty crust and soft chewy inside that was spectacular dipped into the seasoned evoo. But then my main course came and I was really disappointed. I had ordered a baked pasta dish with chicken and was thinking the pasta would be a lot more cooked. I don't see how my stuffed baked pasta came out being very al dente to be generous. Man biting into that thing all I could taste was disappointment and the sadness of undercooked pasta. I could see if the restaurant was packed, but if it's empty you should take a bit of time and make sure the dish comes out alright. To be fair though the waiter noticed that I barely touched my food while my date had finished his whole plate and inquired about it, but before I could voice a bit of criticism my date was already saying something about how I'm tiny and don't eat a lot. So I just left it at that.When we were leaving the extremely grumpy hostess wished us goodbye in a distant "I don't care" tone. As I left still a bit hungry, I marveled at how even a chain restaurant can provide inconsistent food/service sometimes. Maybe I'll be back when it's convenient, but I do know it sure won't be with a knowitall for a date!
4	Once again a great experience at Carrabba's.  This time I tried the Chicken Marsala and was impressed.  It's a great low calorie option vs. most of the menu.  My girlfriend and I were here with the kids so there was 5 of us and while the service was prompt I still got the feelling we were getting in the way.  Hard to describe but our waiter wasn't exactly Mr. Personality.  I'll just scratch it up to maybe he had some bad news or something....it happens.  Carraba's is just a good and consistent choice when looking for a quick family dining option.
4	It's a chain restaurant, so you get the same taste at them all. I have been to Carrabba's many times(around charlotte, and concord), and every time I fall in love! My food is always cooked to perfection and the service is always nice.If you plan to go on a friday, saturday, or sunday, go early  or you will have a 15-30 min wait. One time, we were told the wait was 45 mins, so we left. I always start off with a caesar salad, which is never a let down, and a martini.I love the chicken fettuccine here because they add peas, which adds that special touch of goodness. Once I ordered a pizza from the kids menu as an appetizer, and it was pretty tasty. We have had the lasagna, chicken parm, and spaghetti. They have all been pretty good.Carrabba's is good, better than Olive Garden in my book. But the taste will ALWAYS be the same no matter where you go.
1	I've given this Carraba's 2 tries!!  Food is not standard quality and service is awful.
5	Great experience at Carrabba's.Steve was excellent ...........
3	It's like the minor league version of good steakhouses. Let's get serious...we all go there for the free bread. The service here is solid, though.
3	We prefer the Concord location, yet come here more frequently because  it's closer. Seems like they need to have a few meetings on customer service.  The hosts/hostesses are not very inviting/warm welcomes. More like "more customers look" /blank faces. A smile goes a long way and no one is asking for a red carpet ..LOL. Customers keep the payroll rolling. :)  Well, we have had so-so to very good from the servers.  Just a difference from the sunnier personalities at Concord location. Kinda like going to different Wal-marts- same name, different inventory.
1	The food at this restaurant is decent, and every time I've eaten inside it was good. However my review of the restaurant is based on my catering order with management and the catering department. I had placed an order for apx. 30 people for a rehearsal dinner for our wedding. When I originally called the manager had no idea what I was ordering from. He asked me what menu I was using and I told him the one they had advertised on their web site. He said ok, I'll figure it out. Well he did not and the food was delivered in individual plastic containers as thought I were having a business lunch. Embarrassing is an understatement. When I called to complain and talk to the manager I was told he was in the kitchen and too busy on Friday night to rectify the situation and rudely asked, "what is it you want us to do?" . I was told the manager would call me to refund or offer me something in return for my inconvenience but I have not received any such phone call. I spent a great deal of money that night for nothing. Food was cold and tasted bad (perhaps because of the plastic containers) and my guests were inconvenienced leaving me horribly embarrassed. I will never order here again, and probably never eat inside again as a result. I can not support a place so unprofessional.
3	Ahhhh... Do you hear them?  The angels?  They're singing the praises of Chicken Bryan.  Now, I don't know who Bryan is, but he  knows exactly how to make some seriously good chicken!I was actually really upset with Carrabba's as a chain for a while.  They used to have these wonderful, lovely croutons, but suddenly changed the recipe.  I even wrote to them about it, and they were like.. "well, our test groups liked these new ones better, sorry".  It took me a bit to get over it.  Those were some seriously good croutons!  I recovered, however, and continued to enjoy one of my favorite dishes ever created.  (Yes, the chicken bryan)There are actually many wonderful dishes on their menu.  Their pasta dishes are unique, not your typical Italian chain fare.  There's also a wonderful special that shows up every now and then.. Trout Wulfe.  Delicate trout fillet lightly fried then topped with a lemony basil and tomato butter sauce.  Very delicious!This location has a nice staff.  I've been a regular here for several years and see lots of familiar faces.  They make a really good pomegranate martini and if you manage to have room, the dessert rosa is delightful.As chains go, Carrabba's does it right.  Definitely worth a stop.
4	Had a late lunch on Saturday. Josh took care of us and did very well. It's been a while since we were here and I am glad we came back. We each had large entrees (took half of it home). Their entrees are 2 meals in one. Chicken Bryan is my wife's favorite and was done very well, it was preceded by a spicy chicken soup, good, but spicy. I has a combo special of pollo rosso (?) and a stuffed chicken breast with spinach, fennel sausage. Also had their Caesar salad which is included as part of the entree price. Enjoyed it all.While this is a chain I have found their food to be consistently prepared and flavorful. I am a fan.
3	Ordered delivery this evening and was overall satisfied.  I was dissappointed that it was over an hour for delivery, and I needed to re-heat the entire meal and the bread was stale.  Although our dishes were good, they would have been better hot, and more fresh.
5	Pasta Carrabba is my favorite dish! It always taste the same everytime-deeeelish! I usually eat at the bar and the house wines are great with any meal. Sunday's are always busy, but its worth the wait. I love that the host staff opens the door for you and smiles- it's the little things!
4	We got our usual Pollo Rosso Maria and Chicken Bryan. For us the food quality has been consistent and good. We come for the food, not ambiance. We never finish the entrees, they become next day's lunch. We love the seasoned olive oil for bread dipping. The Italian chicken soup is good and was my Caesar salad (both included in the entree price) . Dessert was good as well-a banana strawberry infused most cake. Our server was very pleasant, but service was on the slow side. This was Saturday afternoon, around 1:30 pm. My rating reflects how we view the food.
5	All the food is great except the mashed potatoes have way too much garlic!!  Fried mozzarella is fantastic!!
2	I'm a Carrabba's guy, everywhere I go in the US.  This experience wasn't  the  best, I always order the chicken Marsala this time it didn't look the same (not a lot of sauce and mushrooms as I'm used to and the chicken was very thin) I thought  that all the restaurants would be the same. The service was very good though.  I expected more though.  This experience would not keep me from going back to my local Carrabbas
3	Came in for a Mother's day dinner on Saturday and it was just okay... I ordered the Sicilian Chicken soup which was actually pretty delish... I got a salad first that I didn't order... lol  It was all good, though... The server was incredibly sweet about it and hustled to get my soup there as soon as possible...  I loved the flavors... It had a nice spoonful of peppery taste, but the pasta inside was different... It wasn't really good or bad, but it was definitely different... The salmon had a nice char and the tomato topping added a nice flavor... The broccoli was okay, but it seemed like there was a huge amount of oil used in the preparation, so it just slid all over the plate and collected in pools... It didn't taste badly, but it didn't look the best... I did like the seasonings on top, though, so there's that... We didn't order dessert, so I can't speak to that... Overall, the service was good and the food wasn't exactly bad, but if I'm looking to get my Italian fix, I have a couple other places in mind first...
5	I just love this Carraba's on South Blvd. This is by far my favorite location. There is almost never a wait for a table. This also makes for great service. My favorite meal is the calamari, salmon with lemon butter sauce, side cesar salad, and most of all the blackberry sangria.
2	I am very much a fan of Carraba's, but this one dropped the ball.  My sausage and lentil soup was great, as usual.  But my mom ordered spaghetti and had to send it back twice before telling them to take it off the bill completely.  For some reason whoever was cooking yesterday thought that spaghetti sauce should be like water.  It's spaghetti and you're an Italian restaurant.  Spaghetti should be a no brainer.
4	The restaurant in Concord, NC is great.  Our waiter Jared was super great, one of the best waiters we have had at a chain restaurant.  Food was good and plentiful, so splitting an entree (which we did on 2) fed a family of 5 and kept cost down.
4	Always good...watch the service because they are busy.
2	So, I ordered delivery again. And, again, everything had to be reheated. Needless to say there is a $4.00 delivery charge, has anyone everyone heard of that??? I asked the delivery man about that and he said that was not his tip, so in addition I had to tip. I completed the survey I received with the meal and made a note about this. I have never seen a delivery charge, rather a minimum order for delivery. I think if they want to keep a delivery option they should think about mirroring every other restaurant in the area... Just my thought. For now, I'll pass on delivery as it doesn't seem to be worth it.
4	I hate chains.  I want to hate this place so bad. HOWEVER.... Every time I come I have a GREAT experience.  The food is good.  The service is EXCELLENT, bordering on perfect.  The prices are very fair.
1	I've been to this chain before, just not this location.  What a disappointment.  First,  I asked the server questions about a specific pizza on the menu which she readily answered.  However, when it came time to order and I ordered this pizza, I was told that the pizza oven was broken--are you kidding me???? An Italian Grill with no pizza oven--why not tell me that when I first inquired about the pizza!  So back to the drawing board, I decided on the lasagna--figured that would be a safe bet.  What a disappointment.  A portion about the size of a deck of playing cards arrived on a large white plate--creating an enormous amount of negative space on the plate--further accentuating the minuscule portion size.  Honestly, I've seen much larger portions at my child's elementary school!  If that wasn't bad enough, the lasagna was made without any cheese--no layers of ricotta between the layers of pasta, and if there had been any cheese on top, it had hardened since it was cooked the first time.  It was camouflaged with a marinara sauce. dumped on top.  Had it not been for the bread, I would have starved!  I will not be returning!!!
1	Talk about a bummer. My last (and only) trip to this restaurant is one of those horrendous dining experiences you get once in a blue moon.My boyfriend and I went here for our year and a half anniversary. Not a big deal, but we're broke college kids and don't get to go out for fancy dinners often. At other restaurants within the chain, I've gotten clam linguine and it's my favorite thing ever. On this particular night, the only form of this linguine was in some two-plate special. This strange setup allowed you to receive two of the same entree with a salad or appetizer, or something like that. I think "get one to go" was the theory. However, I decided I didn't need all that and the price tag was pretty shocking. When our waiter came and asked for our food order, I asked if there was some way to just get one plate of the linguine. "I'll see. I'm sure we can. What do you want if not?" "Um...I don't know. Maybe a caesar salad. Actually, maybe not. I'll have to think about it." With that our server left. I kept waiting for him to return with the status of my linguine. He briefly breezed by quick enough to refill our water and ask what the capitol of Maine was-which was weird (It's Augusta, by the way). And was off before I could even ask about our food. A few minutes later, he presented me with a salad. So I assumed they couldn't split the linguine order. Which I thought would be a fairly simple task...Even worse, the salad (which I didn't really want, anyway, I thought I made that clear) sucked. There's a couple of things I don't understand how you screw up. If you're an Italian restaurant and you can't make a caesar salad, a staple of Italian dining, something's wrong. Heck, even Zaxby's has a caesaer salad that tastes better and is almost half the price.As a customer, it's obnoxious when you can't get what you want. I understand that companies have rules and procedures. However, I've also worked at a restaurant before and usually minor alterations to a meal aren't even an issue.Furthermore, when you don't give your server a definitive order on something, he just kind of brings something out, that is outrageous. Anyway, I'll stop ranting. I just think even the one star is generous.
1	I brought my mom here because she'd been asking to come but our experience was subpar.  Our waiter was lousy and sloppily put together, he was sweaty and this is mid November.  He had grease around his fingernails like he works as a mechanic also.  He didn't come back to check on us and my drink stayed empty for quite some time.The portion sizes are small for the price and there are only 3 salad dressings from which to choose - not the standard dressings I like.  The choices are Creamy Parmesan, Ceasar, and Italian.  My lasagna was burned on the bottom but hard and not very warm like something that had previously been made and then reheated.  He never offered us more bread and overall wasn't very pleasant.  I don't think I'll be returning here.  I'll stick to Intermezzo or Olive Garden.
3	Hit & miss. Returned food it was cold.
2	Arrived on a Friday at 6PM.  A few tables but not busy.  We ordered a bottle of wine Ecco Domani Merlot for $28 and knew we could buy this at any market for $10 to $12.  Overpriced.My date ordered Lasagna ($14) and I ordered the Rigatoni Al Forno ($13). I got the side salad with Parmesan dressing and he the Minestrone.  Bread and olive oil dipping were very good.  The salad was okay but the Minestrone soup, while tasty, had a small bay leaf in it.   When we told our server about this, he said that the kitchen leaves them in and when you get one, it's a symbol of good fortune.  What ?????   This is a serious choking hazard and nothing should be in your soup that you can't eat !!!!  How absurd !!!!The rigatoni was a "huge" bowl but the lasagna, although tasty, was very small and lukewarm at best.  The rigatoni was VERY hot as it was placed in the fire burning oven and was 3 times the size of the lasagna for less money.We were then given the dessert menu and didn't see our server for 15 minutes.  While we finished our wine, we put our jackets on and the server came over.   Asked if he could bring us anything else and we said just the check.  If we had wanted dessert, it was too late so where did he go?Don't know if we'll go back.
4	I had the good fortune of eating here on a special tasting event for their frequent diners. No, I do not dine there often, but a friend of a friend brought me along and boy was I happy to attend!!!The manager of the restaurant, known as 'Big Dave' (you'll see why once you meet him) is a really earnest and amicable guy. He took care of us and made sure my Arnold Palmer was just right. On to the tastings: I would strongly recommend the beef skewers, the lobster mac n' cheese, and the potato-crusted haddock. The haddock was juicy, covered in a hash-brown material, and topped with a delicious white glaze. Give it a shot!Altogether, the restaurant experience was delightful, and they really worked on their ambiance since the last time I dined there.
4	Without a doubt, the best Italian restaurant around!
5	Love Love Love the food. Everytime I go.....no complaints!!And to be a chain restaurant. ....they are on point! Can't add anything to this...dont change what you're doing....it's working quite well!!!!
5	My boyfriend and I just moved to NC and we ordered here 2 times already. We ordered the Rotini Pasta and onion and bacon flatbread and a sausage and lentil soup. The pasta was amazing and the best part they delivered and it was affordable. The pizza beacon onion flatbread thing was pretty good too. My bf and puppy loved it. I don't really eat onions but I tried a small bite and it was very very good. And the soup was also really really cute.
2	I'll begin by saying I absolutely LOVE Carrabba's in Raleigh.  Next, I'll say that the shift manager did make things reasonably right by taking my ruined food off the bill AND giving me a gift card.Now, our problem was totally our waitress  She was having a BAD night!  We had to ask for the bread about 3 times.  She had to be reminded to refill beverages, NEVER asked how the food was until I had given up and attempted to eat my overcooked steak.  You could tell the food runner was aggravated with her as well.However, since I had eaten here (at this same location) a few years ago, I know it was an "off" night for the staff.I know being a waiter/waitress if HARD work, but at least stop by the insure the food is cooked right and is edible!
5	We dined here Friday night with a large group, the food was excellent!!! Our service was awesome and the again everyone was pleased with their food!!! YUMMY!!!
4	Got takeout for lunch. The new online ordering app worked seamlessly. I ordered Chicken Marsala with cavatappi ameritriciana, which was delicious. The lunch portion cost less than dinner, but doesn't include soup or salad. You can add those for $2. The waiter came out as soon as I pulled up. He was very friendly. My food was ready. This was a good experience. No complaints.
3	I stopped in with some co-workers to celebrate a birthday lunch. I can't even remember the last time I've been to this place. So I decided to review the menu online to see what they had to offer. The lunch and dinner menu are fairly similar. However for lunch they mix it up a little by throwing in  some sandwiches, soups and pizzas. I decided to go with the pizza and salad combo. I chose the House salad and the Carnevale pizza. The salad is just a mix of romaine, carrots and two olives. Nothing fancy. The house dressing is just okay, I'd probably opt for a different one next time. The pizza was good. It's topped with pepperoni, fennel sausage, mozzarella and basil. The crust was just okay but the homemade sauce was tasty and I enjoyed the basil it added a nice touch to a pretty common pizza. If my coworkers pick this place again I'd head back. Perhaps to try the pasta next time!
1	Worst experience there. Not only did the waitress fail to tell me that I would be upgraded for my choice of side, but when she brought it out it had no Alfredo sauce with it and then she was missing for 15mins. She finally brought our check and then we t missing again for another 10 mins. When leaving the manager was upfront joking around with the host staff. All around an bad experience!
3	Yes three stars.  The food got all three.  The waitress gets only one.  The value gets two.  I had the grilled chicken with green beans.  It was great, small, but absolutely great tasting.  The salad with creamy Caesar was good, not excellent, but tasty.  Ok so the food was good, but honestly we all go out for the entire experience, not just the food, so let me delve a little on the whole package.  My waitress was mostly AWOL the entire night, seeming to disappear regularly.  The food was a little slow to come out, but it was good.  If that's all you need then eat away.  I will say, it's rare to get bad service.  This was the first time in about 10 sittings, so maybe it was just a bad night.
4	Pretty nice place for special dinner. Went here for my momma's birthday.  Our server was very nice and attentive. The food was very good. My only complaint is that the portion sizes were pretty small and do not look like the pictures on the menu.
