5	Walked in and the music was by Zero 7 which is just a great album to chill to, so I was sold right away.  We went with tapas instead of sushi and it was very good.  The braised ribs were great, the fried oysters were great, the pita chips with a goat cheese and white bean dip was great.  Decent alcohol selection and the mix of people was awesome - suits, tattoos/piercings, young, old, hip, not hip (that would be me).  Duy Huynh paintings on the wall - i loved it and will be back soon if someone will babysit my kids for me.  Thanks a bunch.
2	I was so looking forward to trying this place with a friend and we were severely disappointed by the food.  Let me counter that by saying that the staff was great, friendly and honest.  I would hang out here for drinks in the evening to hear the music inside or stand outside and look at the skyline.  The Food:  We started with the white bean and goat cheese dip with pita chips.  It was ok.  Nothing special, not too much flavor - but it was white beans.  Next, the chorizo.  WARNING - this was the most disgusting thing I've ever been served.  I couldn't tell if it was raw or just packed full of fat.  It was falling apart in the casing and was so chewy we never actually got to the point of swallowing.  The sardine fries were interesting.  They were mini sardines (full body - head to tail) deep fried with dipping sauce. Lastly, the lamb lollipops.  These were also no good.  They were so fatty and a little overcooked.  I think the menu was good in theory with a horrible execution.  It seemed like they were trying to be too fancy and didn't quite cut it.  When I looked around, I realized no one else was eating.  Everyone there was just there to drink.  That should have told me something.  Overall: If you just want a cool place to drink and possibly order some dip and pita chips, then you'd like this place.  Everyone seems pretty cool and laid back.  If you are sick of Thomas Street or you've grown out of Snug Harbor, this could be your new hang out.  If you're looking for a nice meal, look somewhere else.  My suggestion would be Crepe Cellar in NoDa - they've got an amazing menu and daily specials.
4	This place is cool.The food is awesome and the prices are very reasonable. The drinks are equally reasonable and good.The atmosphere is pretty cool but a bit cramped. Getting a table or place to sit can be a challenge. Over all its a good value for your $ and its a fun place just to chill and grab a late night meal.
4	This is a great and sophisticated addition to the neighborhood.  It's almost like going to the bar at Mez without the tackiness of the epicentre.If you eat outside on the patio, you get a great skyline view, and if you eat inside, there's usually good music.  Not sure if a DJ is really necessary.Apart from the atmosphere, the folks at Soul do a fine job with the food.  The cheese plate is one of the best I've seen for the money, and the various small plates are actually pretty generously portioned (and tasty too boot).  Only tried one sushi roll (spicy tuna), and thought it was great.Keep it up!
4	I was pretty reluctant to finally try soul-- blame that on what you will (not my crowd, fear of non-veg-friendliness, annoying wait times, etc). Despite walking in with that 'tude, my pals and I were pretty thoroughly impressed.At 7pm, we only had a 20 minute wait, which we wiled away by sipping beverages at the bar. Drinks here are large. Two of the three I ordered that night came in pint glasses (including my vodka gimlet, woohoo?) but were not overly impressive. A gastrolounge, to me, is incomplete without a specialty cocktail menu, and I said as much to our 'tender. Apparently they're working on one that should soon be in play. So we ordered mixed drinks and beer, all of which were satisfactory (drinks) and good (beer, as in selection).For me, the highlights were the food and the service. Very veg friendly, and even doable for a vegan, amazing. We shared a number of small plates, standouts being: poached egg and wild mushrooms on toast (with this awesome dijon bernaise garnish, yaya) and the cheese plate (not so much amazing cheese, but good, and for a reasonable price, with interesting accompaniments). Pal loved his lamb lollipops. They looked far more delicately executed than their name implies ;) Med dip trio was good, not amazing. This would be one of the vegan options (along with a sushi roll they have on the menu) if served with veg crudite (minus the tzatziki, of course). The service was pretty top notch from the door to the check. Our bartender was incredibly friendly, such a sweetheart, and very into beer. Made great recs, had interesting info on some local-ish brews and where to find them on tap, etc. Our server was even better- up to and including his reading my mind on our table's need for more pita before I'd even started looking around for him to order more. Awesome.For 2.5 hours of drinking and eating for 3 people our bill was about 100 bucks including tip. That's a lot of money, compared to most of my weekend nights. It felt like a bargain for the experience we had.
3	We went here on a Thursday night around 7:15 and did not wait at all to be seated. The crowd was a mix of after workers and locals mostly enjoying cocktails. We decided to eat outside on their heated patio. We started with the cheese plate, and white bean and goat cheese dip, both were very good. We were then bombarded with everything else we ordered, this always irritates me at tapas restaurants because the whole point is to eat slowly, trying and enjoying each new plate. IF your gonna bring it out all at once don't put tapas as your main menu, put app and entree. It was so bad we literally had no room for the last plate on our table. Other than that the tapas was very good. Here are our highlights: the mushroom and egg toast was amazing, curried lamb skewer was also very good, it came with a mango chutney, the fried oysters were also very fresh. I wouldn't recommend the braised veal shank as it was very fatty, the dolmades were just OK, but the hummus that was served as a side was out of this world. I would also avoid the the cupcake, it was very dry. The pistachio ice cream was extremely creamy and had nice pieces of crushed pistachios in it. We will definitely be back to try this place again.
4	Came here with a group of four on Thanksgiving eve without a reservation and the place was packed, both inside and outside on the patio.  We left our name with the hostess and went to the bar, which was also full, so we stood around with others while we waited to be seated.  The whole time while standing at the bar, we noticed an empty table for four, perfect for us.  After about 15-20 minutes, we were seated at this very table.  Wonder what took them so long.Soul offers a variety of tapas and sushi and we ordered several items including: the crunch roll, goat cheese toasts, yellowtail roll, hamachi roll, chicken skewers, Asian wings, sashimi tuna tacos, little neck clams, sticky veal shortribs, and Mediterranean wings.  Everything was excellent.  The fish used in each of the sushi plates was fresh and delicious.  The sashimi tuna tacos are really fragile, though and pretty much break when you try to pick them up.  Each tapas or sushi dish runs about $7-8.The inside of the restaurant is dark, stylish, trendy, etc.  Candle-lit tables, comfy booths and chairs, nice atmosphere, and a good spot to take a date.  In fact, one of the people I ate with like it so much, he decided to take his date here the following Saturday.  Additional notes: water here is optionally served with a slice of cucumber, the bathrooms are unisex, you have to walk up/down a set of stairs outside of the building to get in/out of the restaurant, and service was good.
4	During my visit to Charlotte my friend chose Soul as our first stop for a fun Friday night and a bite to eat. Upon walking in, I noticed it was jam packed and that reservations may have been needed. We went ahead and put our name in and the hostess said it would only be about twenty minutes. Nice, thats a drink at the bar first!The bar had a spacious standing area that I was happy about. (I hate lurking over peoples shoulders so that our feet are in the "bar area"). About a drink in and another on the way, we began talking to the group beside us and found out a few went to the same college as my friend which spurred more chat. It must have been twenty minutes later...(although I was now 3 drinks complete hhmm), when the hostess signaled us to a large table nearby. Our new friends were still waiting so we invited them as well. The place had such a great energy that everyone was feeling the buzz. We ordered more drinks which was when I was introduced to the Firefly Peach cocktail. Things were fuzzy after that drink made it's appearance, but damn it was good!In the haze, I do recall having a few tapas passed around and thinking they were tasty morsels of goodness...I just can't recall what in the world they were....
4	Randomly stopped by with a friend late on a Sunday night. Pleasantly surprised.  DJ was spinning some great tunes & the place was croweded. My friend knew the chef, who sent over a sampling of some Tapas. Very very nice. Staff was friendly & the environment was alot of fun. I've been to Good Food on Montford Dr. & this place is definitely up there with food quality. Look forward to going back again. Definitely worth checking out!
5	Soul is a trendy night spot in the heart of Plaza Midwood. Trundle up the stairs to the patio... and enjoy the beautiful view of Charlotte's skyline!You can sit out on the balcony, inside lounge style on sofas, or at tables.The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Ask what they recommend for some interesting suggestions.We have been several times, and never been dissapointed. Consistency is sometimes tough for a restaurant, and I am happy to say that each meal has been wonderful.The lamb lollipops....All I can say is, you will need more than one order. They are fabulous...maybe the best lamb I've ever had. Seasoned perfectly, cooked to a succulent medium rare...They are beautiful. Some other dishes we have tried:White bean and goat cheese dip...very very goodspinach and phyllo....goodLittleneck clams...excellentlamb lollipops.....Must have!!Hoisin Veal shortribs...excellentBone marrow....very nice change from the usual!Cheese plate..goodSashimi tuna taco....excellent!!!Shrimp ceviche....excellent!!!They also serve sparkling saki....which I had never had before. It is sweet saki and just delightful! The decor and atmosphere are nice too...dark, but not too dark. There is a stuffed peacock on the wall that I am just fascinated with!! I want it for my den!!Enjoy Soul...it really is an interesting change of pace here in Charlotte!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Soul. Like - extremely.Driving up, I was mortified to see that Soul was "that sketchy place I pointed out last time we went to Dish." It's in a building where the downstairs tenant is gone and has been replaced by brown paper window coverings. The building next door has chains on the windows. So it doesn't scream - this is a good idea!HOWEVER! Once you step into Soul, it's a different world. Very cool decor and trendy crowd. A+ for the atmosphere. Booths, tables, couches, bar, outdoor.. whatever seating arrangement you please.The wait can be long, but there is an area to sit or you can go outside and wait and they welcome you to visit the bar in the meantime. The drinks are hit or miss. I was served some "famous martini" that I thought may end my life at any moment and didn't have even a hint of goodness to it. Since then, I have avoided what the bartender "recommends" and go with what I'm feeling.. so far, much better.The food is not hit or miss. It's very hit. The lamp lollipops are very memorable. They were my first bite at Soul and are my first bite every other visit. Fried Meatballs - very good. Soul Grilled Cheese - delicious. Skewers - YUM YUM YUM (have had the garlic shrimp, gyro, chicken and beef). "Soul Original" suchi rolls - yes, please! And the truffle, garlic, herb, whatever fries - I can not eat enough of those. It's just not possible. I would definitely recommend a visit to Soul. It is all-around great. I've been on a date night with the boyfriend and taken my mom for a girl's night, been with girlfriends. It's perfect for any dinner outing.
2	As a bar = good.  As a restaurant = not so good.  This review is based on my "dining" experience...Love that this place opened in the neighborhood, but based on my experience, I will only go for drinks from now on.  Yes - it is very cool inside, and love the balcony looking over the city.  The menu looks great on paper but the execution and service needs to have some kinks worked out.  Hoping it is just the newness factor.  The staff kept bringing us the wrong table's food.  Most times we knew it - except the one time.... We ordered "spicy tuna" rolls - It looked like a mess when it came out (like I would have rolled it.) but had some avocado and extras in it.... After my date and I finished it, the waiter brought out the "spicy tuna rolls" and we realized we just finished the people next to us rolls.  The other stuff we ordered (grilled cheese panini, fries) tasted good - but how could you screw that up?  You can tell that the waitress was working hard and was still friendly to us, but it just seems like there was some execution issues going on.  Hope they get things worked out.
5	A great variety of food in a chill atmosphere. The service was cool and attentive. Underneath the place now is a hipster art gallery/bar that I wish I had spent more time in. I will go again.
5	had a great time with my husband and his old friends from his childhood.my now brother in law jon is da bomb in the kitchen!!and over all these guys know how to run a restaurant.
5	We went to Soul this past Saturday night for dinner for the first time.  We were impressed by our initial entrance.  The restaurant/bar is situated on the 2nd floor of an old restored brick building.  The outdoor seating offered fantastic views of the Charlotte Uptown skyline.  Inside there are a few booths (with high backs), a few tables, a bar, a DJ booth with stools, and some sofas and chairs.  All in all, it offered a great, casual, fun atmosphere.  The place was "hopping," but luckily, we were seated right away at some empty stools indoors around the DJ booth (who wasn't there at the time).  The menu offers a variety of tapas.  We had a hard time picking out which ones we would order, but finally were able to narrow it down to five to share.  We chose the (1) Sashimi Tuna Tacos, (2) Lamb Lollipops, (3) Bone Marrow, (4) Boursin Cheese Stuffed Piquillo Peppers on Bruschetta, and (5) the Sushi Crunch Roll.   The tuna tacos were very flavorful and were like very mini tacos.  The lamb was good and tender, but I probably wouldn't order them again because I'd rather try some of their other (cheaper) skewers of meat.  We were adventurous with the bone marrow, but it was our least favorite and something we wouldn't order again.  It was a little too gel-like for my taste, although one of them tasted like egg (?).  The bruschetta was creamy and rich with flavor.  I'd definitely order that again.  The sushi crunch roll was huge!  It was very wide, so we had to cut it in half before eating it.  I liked it, but I've had better crunch rolls, so I'd try a different kind of sushi roll next time.  Our server was fantastic.  She was very friendly and, being that it was our first time, she explained a little bit about the menu.  Even though she had several other tables, she kept checking on us after each tapas was brought out.  All in all, we had a fantastic time and it's a great place to hang out for a date night, with friends, or to bring out-of-town guests who like a vibrant scene.
2	I think Soul has a lot of potential. It's in a nice location and has a nice atmosphere and is a great place to go for drinks.My biggest issue with Soul was the service. I went for someone's birthday. She had called and made reservations for a large party,  which they had confirmed with her. But when we all gathered at Soul, the host told us that they do not accept phone reservations and made us wait for an hour and a half. He was kind of rude about everything.As far as food goes, I really think Soul needs to spend some quality time perfecting a menu. I appreciate the more creative items on the menu. The grilled romaine was beautifully presented. But overall a lot of the things we tried were just mediocre. I really think this is because the menu is so ambitious, and could really benefit from fine tuning.
4	After finding the reviews on Yelp and checking out the menu I just had to try this place...I'm in love with tapas restaurants ordering little plates of all kinds of yumminess.  I went to Soul on a Wed early evening I had not problem getting a table but by 7:30pm this place was packed full. The atmosphere is great just walk upstairs to a dim-lit bar with a few couches and tables to dine.  That is the only downfall though there is very limited seating so get there early if you want a table.I ordered the mushroom toast as suggested by a few other yelpers I was very impressed by the crispy bread sauteed mushrooms and a delicious fried egg.  I also ordered the cheese plate it was nothing fancy but was a heck of a lot of cheese for $8 and well worth ordering.  Everyone around us ordered the tuna tacos so I had to try them, they did not disappoint raw tuna, a crispy shell and some fresh guac on the side...the last dish was the pork souvlaki it was well seasoned and the tzatziki sauce was a great addition.One small little note on why I didn't give this place 5 stars I ordered a $10 glass of wine and it was more like a wine tasting. People if I buy a $10 glass of wine please give a girl more than just a taste. Thank You.Will I come again...hell yeah!
4	great spot, sometimes too crowded but still worth the wait.  always have great tunes spinning and great drinks flowing.  food 8 times out of 10 is on point, just dont get too out there, read: bone marrow made me sick as a dog once but i'll still go back.
4	Soul is a trendy new age restaurant/bar and any restaurant that plays music is a winner in my book. I'm just that kind of guy; I appreciate music and believe it adds to the ambiance. The music selection also compliments the decor and Soul's prime upstairs real estate. Some patrons are what we might label as hipsters and C Town is glad to have you Soul. And now on to the star of the show, fooooooood. The menu is quite eclectic. Tapas is the theme and items range from baba ganoush to sushi to bone marrow. For it not being a true sushi restaurant, the tuna was amazingly fresh and of high quality. So fresh that I can also honestly say that it was better than some real so called sushi restaurants around town. All of the menu items looked so enticing that I really wanted to try them all in one sitting. Next time P, next time.
4	Hip atmosphere, eclectic mix of food. I had the cubanini and it was satisfying.  I want to try the sushi next time.
2	This place used to the bomb. Friends and I frequented the Gastrolounge usually but not limited to Friday nights. I stopped going for good reason; the service and food went rapidly downhill . Even the staff started to quit. I thought they had undergone new management because it seemed everything fell apart at the same time. The food went from fantastic to mediocre and the one accommodating staff, now sucks. In their defense, they still have a wide selection of tapas which is hit or miss depending on your taste. Also, Soul has a good feel to it  Exposed brick walls and comfy booths and couches.
4	Best sushi in Charlotte.  Also try the lamb lollipops and tuna tacos.  Very trendy, great ambiance.  No reservations, be prepared for a long wait (biggest negative).  They don't give much of a pour if you order a glass of wine, go with a bottle, beer, or mixed drinks.  Usually a loud DJ with house music, but it works.  Whatever you do, don't order the chorizo.I guess the disclaimer is that, by the time I sit down, it is usually two hours after I intended to eat, so I am starving, and I am three drinks to the wind at the bar waiting, so probably anything would taste good - particularly the fried/fatty offerings.  Perhaps that is their strategy.  Luckily, the ambiance is good so I can stand the wait.
3	I still suffer from that "want to hate this place" thing, because seriously, how many Forever 21 tank-dresses and half-finished brand new trad sleeves can I handle seeing in one night? But I'm making an effort, here, to see past the fringe-fratty crowd that fills this place, because it's trying to be good and carve a niche for itself in a nabe that doesn't take to Fancy Tapas Pants. And who doesn't like good beer and well-paired nibbles.It's odd to me how extreme the differences in service and quality can be on any given night. Even from the same server, the same night, the next week. And that's rough - I have no idea what to expect when I walk in (and like I said in my last review - the prices here are above average, for moi, anyways, so I have some expectations). Sometimes, it takes 20 minutes just to get a glass of water - others, as soon as you sit, you've got menus, a nibble, agua, todos. So when you're hungry, and need a beer, please, peering around the way-too-tall booth backs can get annoying, quick. If you've got claustraphobic pals, sit at the bar. The music improves on off nights - they have DJs that don't care as much about crowd-pleasing as they do about, say, a history lesson in 70s Soul or Surf. Getting an education in Sly while eating Manchego and toasties, while sipping a Xingu or Manhattan, yup, that's about as good as it gets. So yeah, Soul, I don't know what to do with ya. I want to come hang out, often, but the hassle-factors keep me away. So I guess we'll keep our relationship casual. No, I'll call you.
3	A few friends and I visited Soul on a Saturday night out on Central Ave. Most of the reviews for this establishment speak to the service and food- and on this particular night, both were excellent. It helps that "Rock with You" was playing as we walked in...Yes, the indoor volume could be 40-50 dB lower but I dont talk a whole lot and so this didnt bother me terribly. Our server was very patient and attentive without being officious. The eats were tasty and plate sizes were sufficient, read "UNAMERICAN." The portions are not the most generous but appropriate  for tapas. Cab was quite amazing: a hearty pour in a wine tumbler- I like your style Soul. Won't be dying to go back, especially on a busy night, but I live nearby so I am inclined to REvisit on the slow and easy.
5	Probably one of my favorite little specialty restaurants in Charlotte. Located in the funky neighborhood of Plaza-Midwood, across from Fuel, this place is small, but worth the wait, which I would expect if you get there to eat after 7pm. However, this is an official PBR restaurant and waiting for me is quite enjoyable! Menu is all small plate and has something for everyone. I'm a fan of the sushi, tuna tacos, small sandwiches and the lounge atmosphere. Come here with an appetite and an open mind to try anything and everything. I find myself coming here often and trying a little of the same and a little something different every time. That's the fun of Soul. (and the PBR of course)
5	Hands down the freshest and best prepared sushi i've ever eaten and i've eatin sushi all over the world and im still in disbeleif that id find that great if tasting fish in land locked charlotte. I will tell my kids, kids, kids to way here. Went on a late monday night and didn't have much of a crowd at all.
4	Ohhhhhh, ScottWeaver, I believe you can get me through the night.... ohhhhhScottWeaver, I believe we can reach the morning light...I was out running around and my friend called me, brinnnnng, brinnnnng, (that's my cell phone ringing, but really when she calls me it's Another One Bites the Dust) do you want to meet me at Customshop?  Why yes..  We meet there and she is out in the street telling me they are out of vodka.  Sunday brunch, out of vodka, what a travesty. So we head to Soul, I have heard great things about Soul, but I wondered if the hipsters would kick us out of their club or would the servers be hipper than thou, boy, did I have them pegged all wrong.Everyone was really nice, food was spectacular and they have great hand made cocktails.  We had bloody marys, my friend ordered chicken and waffles and I ordered an egg and bacon biscuit.The hit of the day was the cast iron skillet of pimento cheese mac & cheese and of course,  the DJ,Scott Weaver playing great music.
4	When I walked into to Soul Gastrolounge, one word came to mind... Asheville. It felt just like I was in downtown Asheville eating at one of the fun and laid back restaurants that makes that city so different from Charlotte. I love going to a restaurant where you know it will not be replicated literally 20 miles away, no chain feeling here. Soul has a unique menu with lots to choose from. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are fun so that you can order a variety with friends when you go. I would highly recommend the Tuna Taco, that was my favorite. There were so many tasty items I had trouble narrowing it down which often times I have trouble finding anything on the menu. Try this place out and you won't be disappointed! If you love dining in Asheville's restaurants you will feel right at home.
4	Went on a Sat night with another couple and will return! The restaurant sits on the corner of Central & Pecan and is upstairs with a really nice view of the city. The atmosphere is casual sophistication with a nice relaxed feeling inside. The service was lacking but the food more than made up for it. The service was not bad it was just slow and not because she was waiting on the kitchen but because she did not seem to know what she was doing. Maybe she was new.....I asked what was good and she proceeded to tell me what the most expensive items were, not a good idea. The Bruscetta, Ahi Tuna Skewer, Southern Fried Oysters and Dip Trio were wonderful as well as the sushi (surprisingly), the meatballs was the only thing that I did not care for. The wine selection was quite good as well.
1	I am basing this rating solely on the service, despite the food being great. Our server was so unpleasant that made us believe that we were on a hidden camera show. The horrible attitude and random pacing of our food was tolerable until we inquired about two sushi rolls my husband had ordered.  Our server admitted one of the rolls was never made without so much as an apology and then insisted that he had delivered and seen the second roll being eaten and would produce the empty plate.  We had ordered over $120 worth of food and found it odd that he would vehemently insist we were trying to get away with a $7 sushi roll!!  Management offered compensation for our horrible experience, but we declined.One bad apple ruined the bunch. Sorry Soul we will not be returning.
5	Love this eclectic hot spot. Indoor and outdoor seating. DJ spinning the tunes. We ate at the bar where we enjoyed great service. They even stock my favorite EFFEN Black Cherry Vodka! Started with an order of the boursin cheese stuffed piquillo peppers on bruscetta...to die for! Heard that the sushi was the best in town so being a non-sushi eater, I decided on the vegetable roll. I'll go back now for that alone now! Finished with a red velvet cupcake and also homemade pistachio ice cream. A great experience....
5	I went to soul for the first time and thought it was stellar! = ) Our service was decent and the ambiance was nice. The plate portion sizes are perfect for ordering a lot of dishes to try and share. Perfect recipe for a social relaxing meal.Being a lacto-ovo vegitarian I chose the saganaki, wild mushroom toast, and the trio of spreads. All amazing. The mushroom toast with the egg was just... gosh darn fabulous. OHOHOHOHOH! You must try the goat cheese icecream. Big huge mouth orgasm... trust me
4	i have been scoping this eclectic dinner spot  in plaza midwood since it's opening and finally went there with a few girlfriends last night.  it's official i am a fan of both it's ambiance and the menu. an excess of options at first had me a little overwhelmned with what to choose but we ending up starting in with a variety of nibblers the guacamole stack, white bean & goat cheese dip, fried goat cheese on bruschetta and the soul roll (yum)! followed by greek salad, a gyro (a little too different on the seasoning front for my taste) and then on to the cupcake of the day - snickerdoodle, which went over well with the entire group (i'll be honest i was tempted to order another just to take home for later)!only real is issue with the entire evening as there always seems to be with plaza midwood was where to park, after that dilemna was solved a good time was had by all.
4	I came to the incredible realization last night that I haven't written a review for Soul yet?! Since I've eaten here, oh, I don't know seven or eight times, you think I would have gotten around to it by now. Nope. So, here we are. Months later and I've had many a dish at Soul. The interior is cozy and dark, the staff has always been friendly and helpful while choosing from their extensive menu. Yes indeed it can get crowded, so plan your evening accordingly! Here's the low down on the dishes I've tried:White Bean & Goat Cheese Dip: 3/5: Tasty white beans mixed into a (cool) creamy goat cheese. Served with snappy little pita chips. I kind of wish it was warm, but the flavors make me come back to it often. Goat Cheese Crostini: 4/5: Toasty balls of goat cheese atop a lovely crostini piled with tomato and onion. Yum.Shrimp Ceviche: 5/5: Bangin'. Just damn good. Perfectly prepared and full of flava. Guacamole Stack: 2/5: Meh. Not bursting with flavor and I'm always searching for some type of carb to pair with this lovely stack of avocado. Tuna Tacos: 3/5: I love the fresh tuna & the sauce but I dislike the overly fried flavor of the encompassing taco shell. Soul Roll: 5/5: DELISH. One of my favorite sushi rolls in Charlotte - 'tis flavorful, punchy and super fresh.Gyro: 2/5: I prefer Showmars, frankly. The meat or mix within the meat tasted sweet?! A bit strange. Cupcakes: 3.5/5: I've tried two types and had two different reactions. My first was a cookies & cream - it was tasty but dry. Sad face. Then, last night I tried the snickerdoodle cupcake - delicious, not dry whatsoever. Mouth watering cinnamony sugary goodness topped with buttery frosting. Nom. I know I'll be back to this eclectic eatery soon - there is truly a dish for every bud and tastebud!
5	I love Soul.  Great place to get a small bite, or load up on the menu.  Atmosphere is great and the food matches it.  Charlotte needs more restaurants like Soul.
4	I wanted to come here for a while. Glad I did as I enjoyed the food. The place was rather small and the seating arrangements were kinda awkward.  I understand the "lounge" title in the name now, but  I wasn't in the mood to converse with any one new that would have been seated inches on either side of me.  Charlotte peeps aren't into meeting strangers this way I find (I grew up in New Orleans where meeting new people while dining is the norm). We enjoyed sitting at the counter near the DJ.  Music was ok, but typical house music gets old quick. Variety is the spice of life - kinda like their menu. The mixed dips where rather dull though (baba ganoush, humus, tziki) and were served with stale, I mean toasted, pita chips. Asked for warm pita which satisfied me and was worth the extra $1.  My wife had the steak skewer and she didn't likey.  We enjoyed their french fries very much. My highlight was their sushi. I loved the Soul Roll and their hamachi sashimi dish. Great presentation and fresh tasting. I'll try more sushi next time.  I'll be back but not in a huge, crazy, tremendous hurry.
3	Besides for the service, the food was pretty good. The hummus was tasty, but that's a hard thing to mess up. The lamb lollipops were delicious and the chicken skewers offered up some of the juciest and most flavorful chicken I've had in a while. The dessert menu offered up 3 flavors of cupcakes which were slightly on the dry side. We tried the red velvet and the chocolate, and they were equally as average. Most importantly, prepare for a lag between the time that you order and the the time you receive your food, even if it's just a little busy. In my opinion, steer clear of a server named Jackie if you want things done right!
5	4.5 stars, the weathers been nice so I will round up. Lucky for me there were four people in our party so I got to try a lot of the menu. The only thing I wouldn't get again was the fries with truffle oil. They weren't horrible, just not as special as everything else. The avocado stack and sushi fondu roll were both really fresh and flavorful, a good way to start. The rest of the plates were served with good spacing, they brought out a few plates at a time.  I really enjoyed the mushrooms on toast and I definitely want to try the other toasts. I'll also recommend the goat cheese toast, although some in the party thought it was too strong. The best part of the meal was the lamb lollipops. The meat was cooked perfectly and was really flavorful, the best lamb that I have had in Charlotte (FYI the best lamb I've had was in Raleigh at Second Empire...go).  We ended with the cupcake of the night which was raspberry with chocolate cream, and it was a nice mix of textures and complementing flavors. I'm looking forward to returning. Oh we went on a Tuesday at 6pm to avoid the crowd. The place is packed on the weekends from what I understand.
5	This may be my new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The food was great. I recommend going in a group and ordering a bunch of things to try. I am not a fan of Cuban sandwiches but theirs is delish. Has a little bit of sweetness to it. Even the steak & egg sandwich was good. Another thing I would never had ordered for myself. My favorite were the tuna tacos. The sushi was good too. Maybe not the best in Charlotte but the fact that they had it on the menu let me get my sushi fix while trying other things too. And cupcakes for dessert. Yes please! Can't wait to go back.
5	So in love with this place!  The vibe inside is super laid back with cool urban beats in the backround.  The bartenders were making actual cocktails...they were muddling, mixing and shaking like crazy.  But the food was the best surprise.  We had the greek salad, saganaki, sushi and the short ribs and all of them were freaking awesome!  The short ribs were so tender and flavorful, my mouth is watering just remembering it.  I have been back many times and its great every time.
3	A solid 3.5 - Ive eaten here several times and have had both good and bad experiences.A friend of mine came one evening and were turned away from a seat (10pm  on a Sunday) due to the fact that we were just ordering cocktails. We were told we could sit but if someone came in we would have to move. We left. This past experience was much better - id say more of a 4. We had excellent service and overall the food was great.Here is a list of food I have eaten- what I would get again and what I would skip:1) Grilled Caesar Salad- Skip, nothing special. I am not a huge fan of the wedge-style implemented here. 2) Gyros- Skip, Ive had much better than this. I would go to a traditional Greek restaurant instead.3) French Fries w/herbs and truffle oil-Skip,  Fries were too cool, didn't use fresh herbs and couldn't taste that delicious truffle oil. The person I was with enjoyed them but I didn't think they were a highlight of the meal at all.4) Garlic Shrimp Skewer- a maybe, nice flavor - slightly over-cooked and a bit salty5) Ahi tuna Skewer- Get, delicious- cooked perfectly! 6) Lamb Lollipops- Get, tender and- seasoned nicely.7) Sushi Fondu- A Must! My favorite thing on the menu. This sushi single-handedly turned me into a sushi fan. Mmm- the reason I will go back!I've also had several of the dips which have been very good as well.Nice selection of beer, wine, and saki. The ambiance is fantastic! Get there early if you would like a seat.
5	this is one of my favorite places to go anywhere. the food is unreal. they have a wide range of different foods that are always fresh, sexy and tastey. its really packed on the weekends and very limited seating but i enjoy going there on slower nights and i love the house music that the dj's always play. it can be a very relaxing, living room type feel to the place.
4	I have only one complaint. This place is popular - people know about their daily drink specials, their eclectic menu, and friendly service, full of suggestions and refills... and being that I wait tables myself, I am hardpressed not to leave the moment I've finished my meal and the place starts filling up. I'd LIKE to sit and stay for several more drinks but my inner-server tugs on my sleeve, telling me to get goin' and let the people make their money (not THEIR servers, though.) Where do I start? Went with my boyfriend and roommate one Monday, arrived fairly early, around 6pm, and the server told us about the specials and I ended up grabbing their flatbread special after I heard the words "crab" and "arugula." I LOVED THIS DISH. The crab/arugula/lemon vinaigrette/candied garlic combo is genius, I could eat it out of a tub. It would be just as good as a salad, with more arugula, of course. My roommate, who isn't altogether very picky or adventurous, ordered the sliders and cleaned his plate. My boyfriend and I shared the hamachi and jalapeno, which is super fresh, has a pretty presentation, and the accompanying sauce is right on point for the fish. I drank their sparkling sake, sparking rose, and a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, the boys had Newcastles, and we were satisfied overall with their selection. I might have ordered beer if their selection was better. I could use some more microbrews, seasonal stuff, etc. The sake is ok, the rose is good, and the Sauvignon Blanc was good. Nothing to write home about. I sampled the new Greek wine they hadn't put on the menu after ordering an Assyrtiko blend that was on the menu, but it wasn't for me, and the server graciously agreed that she may not have wanted an entire glass of it, either. Makes you more comfortable when a server agrees with your dislike of something, so I appreciated it. I love the warm ambiance, the coziness, and though I've only been there once, I could tell that many others love this place, too. It's moderately priced (well, pretty cheap, actually, if you're used to eating out fairly regularly,) and the three of us spent $80 (tip not included) on snacks and bunches of drinks, including a couple glasses of wine and a small-ish bottle of sake ($12.)  Definitely close to 5 stars for what it is -- a cool little gastropub.
4	I've frequented Soul quite a few times since it has opened.  I generally prefer to hit the bar up after work on a weekday when the crowds are sparse and they play interesting tunes.  On weekends, however, the wait for a table gets too crazy (although you can head to 22 below while you wait, which is a new plus), the service can suffer, and it gets way too boom-boom club for my taste.  I also have noticed a steady increase in their prices since they've opened, but it can still be an affordable place if you order carefully.That aside, I've had pretty good food here over the past year or so.  I think there was a period--maybe in the summer of this year--where they missed the mark a few times when I visited, but I'm happy to say that on my most recent visits, it's been quite nice.  My standbys usually are the mini-Cheeseburgers, the Cheese Plate (mainly for the quince, which is delicious ,but I always have to ask for more bread), the truffle fries, and most of the sushi rolls.  So, enjoy Soul, but I recommend it during the off hours.
4	This felt like a very hip place. Cool dj spinning all night long, fashionable 20 and 30 somethings enjoying drinks and tapas style dishes, lots of laughing and fun.The shrimp skewers were great, so was most everything.
5	GREAT atmosphere! Couldn't ask for a better location just to hang out and have a glass of wine...AND talk to complete strangers! Truly enjoyed myself!
1	I've tried to eat at Soul Gastrolounge three times and am now officially giving up.I'd tried once shortly after it opened and the wait was over an hour for a table - so we left because we figured we would wait until the hype died down to try the place.I tried again a month or two after opening and during on a weekday when I was quoted 45 minutes to wait for a table - so we went to the bar and ordered a drink. After we realized the host had not asked for names and had no rhyme or reason for picking people from the bar to be seated, we left again.I tried about 2 weeks ago on a Sunday to get an early dinner. We were actually seated (what a miracle), however the service was absolutely terrible. The server came and brought drinks then vanished. We waited for 25 MINUTES in hopes the server would come back to our table to take our food order - but he didn't. So we got up and left.I've given up. There is no way the restaurant is worth that many attempts to get a table or worth the complete lack of service from the last visit.
5	I don't eat lamb... or well, that's a thing of the past, now that I've tried the   lamb lollipops at Soul. They were simply delicious, and that's just one of the many good things about this place!! Everything from the cucumber cosmo to the sushi, from the hummus platter to the vibe and atmosphere here.... this place is just overall cool! I recently moved from the bay area to Charlotte, and I've already found a favorite spot here :) I look forward to going back to Soul again and trying other delicious foods off their menu!
5	I've been sitting down trying to catch up on reviewing places new and old my boyfriend and I have tried, some more than others, and one to completely slip my mind is SOUL!  We have been here numerous times and love love love it.  Soul is such a great place when we feel like doing a little more than just throwing on old jeans or sweats and loafing around, but actually going out for some light fare and drinks for a fun date night.  I love the tapas concept, you can get everything from greek food, to continental cuisine with a modern twist, to sushi, to salads, skewers, or tacos, and so much more. You can try a little of everything without feeling bloated or killing your desire for a few (or a lot) of cocktails. The service is always A+++ and the vibe is great- an eclectic mix of people in a warmly lit cozy atmosphere.  The downside? It's such a great place that sometimes it can get a little crowded and on weekends you may have to wait a little longer than desired to be seated. But while this is a downside, I'd much rather  be at a place that is so good it has a wait than an empty spot. Rock on Soul, we will be back soon!
5	I'm claustrophobic and loud music bugs me. Yet I'm still willing to give Soul 5 stars because it's just that good. I've been here several times and have not yet gotten past my menu indecisiveness. At other restaurants, I will narrow it down to 2, maybe 3 things, and then just go on gut instinct when the server arrives. However, at a recent dinner with a friend, we both found ourselves flipping pages back and forth, almost unable to make up our minds. (Indecisiveness loves company, it would seem.)Though I tried to resist the temptation, I ended up going with my usual, the Mini Burgers. Holy pickle on a stick, that is a good burger. I also got a Spider Roll, and at the last minute, I threw on an order of eel Nigiri, just in case. My server double checked to make sure I was hungry enough for all that food, and indeed, I was. All of the food was, as always, spectacular, but I have never seen such slices of eel in all my life. They were like salmon filets, they were so big, and the minuscule seaweed strip couldn't even hold them onto their tiny rice beds. As soon as they arrived I understood my servers skepticism. Still, I found room. My friend enjoyed his falafel pita immensely, and we made good on the trio of spreads.  His cupcake (the night's special, Kahlua cake with Bailey's icing and chocolate chips) was divine, though I was a little full to steal as much of it as I could have.Oh how I wish the space were bigger, but Spring will soon be here and the patio will add more seating. And while loud DJ tunes may not be best for 2 friends who haven't talked in awhile, it did make it easier for us to talk about the people next to us without them getting suspicious. Yep, I'm sticking with my 5 stars, and I'll be back again, music and all.
2	Don't come here with a large group. As other reviewers stated, the servers don't have any desire to deal with more than 6 people at a time. I can't count how many times we heard the answer "we're so slammed" when we asked about items we ordered and were missing, or when we inquired about our servers  We had 3 tables on the patio (in winter) with 12 people, and were asked to give up 2 of our tables because we were congregating around one of the tables while waiting for our plates to come out. We originally had tried to move the tables together, but we were stopped by the staff that said "we're not doing that" in a 2nd grade teacher tone. I understand moving tables can be frowned upon but we were in a corner outside and were not told during our 2 hour wait that we would not be seated together. Bottom line, scolding customers is not an acceptable way to communicate. Only reason for 2 stars is because other than one hair in sushi incident at the end of the meal, everyone loved the food. I've had 3 or 4 great meals there before this but now I doubt I will return.
4	My wife decided to take me here after she went with a couple of her friends.  She thought that I would love their fries.  Which, I do.The atmosphere is fun and lively.  I have not been when there is loud music playing so I cannot comment on that as I have heard that they do.  My favorite is the Napoleon roll.  I am not a fan of sushi at all and I love this one.  In fact, I go to Soul just for their Napoleon roll.  If you are looking for a casual place to hang out and have a good time I suggest trying Soul.  I feel that it is a place you will either love or hate.  I personally enjoy it.The service that we had was great one time and then poor the second time.  Granted, this is true of most places you go to.
5	Fantastic. Great add to Plaza Midwood. Atmosphere is awesome, food delicious. Love the fried oysters, mini-tuna tacos and ahi. Good skewers. You will wait forever for a table, so if you go make sure you're going to make a night out of it, have a bunch of drinks and chill while you wait. If you're looking for the one hour, in and out, it's not for you.
4	Lamb lollipops yumTuna tacos were delishLoved the truffled fries
4	Soul "I feel so hip right now" Gastrolounge.This is not a place for "soul food," so don't let that portion of the name fool you.  It is the place to go for a WIDE variety of smaller, tapas style plates.  There is something here for the adventurous and the plainest of palates.  Plan to wait, upwards of 2 hours if you go on a weekend night.  I have pretty smart friends, so we came here at 7:30 on a Wednesday night and had nary a problem getting a table (with a 6 top).We decided to order drinks at the bar while waiting on our last guest.  I was feeling crazy, and ordered a bloody mary (Absolut Peppar).  Bartender asked if I had ever tried a gin bloody mary.  I hadn't, and he gave me a sample.  I will stick to my vodka, but it was an awesome gesture. My liver says, "thanks."The food comes out as it is ready, so don't be shy to start eating if your friends haven't gotten their food yet.  Just dig in, people.Per Nicole W's 5/5 review, I ordered the Shrimp Ceviche.  It was tasty, but I don't know that I'd order it again. The plantain chips were sweet and crunchy.  The perfect addition.Cheese Plate- I feel sorry for vegans.  This was excellent.  My only qualm is that our server did not tell us what cheese was what, came from what kind of mammal, etc. Lamb Lollipops-Fab.  I love these suckers, pun intended.Dolmades-I am spoiled in this department and partial to Kabob's.  Rocket Antipasto- Great for sharing.  I could really taste the balsamic, which makes me happy.I came here last summer I think it was and they had a hush puppy stuffed with warm pimiento cheese.  It was heaven.  Please bring those to the regular menu!!Soul is a fun, tasty place!
5	Yes, this is my second review. I liked it more the second time. We got two orders of the mini burgers and the tuna tacos. My fav is still the cuban sandwich. the only cuban sandwich I like. It's not the most kid-friendly place but we were eating early so we took them. My 5 year old actually ate a southern fried oyster. He loved it! Can't wait to go back!
5	By far my favorite place in Charlotte!! I could eat here every day! :) Great atmosphere and food. The lamb lollipops and bone marrow are amazing!!
4	I'm weak willed and went back.  The last few times they have redeemed themselves.  Great food and service (can't beat small plates in my book) and the music is pretty stellar. All around, usually have a pretty darn good time here.
5	Soul!  Love the cozy beatnik-meets-diva decor.  I have been here a few times over the years but didnt try the sushi until last night.  I had the Soul Roll (Warning!!!  A little spicy!!!!) and my friend had the Queen Roll (tempura whatever how can you go wrong?)  The food came out on separate plates which is different, usually if there are just two rolls ordered they would put it on one.  But it was faster this way and we were able to dive right in!  We sat at the table by the door and when our tiny table got too full of stuff the waitress neatly opened the drawer on the vintage table and promptly lined up the soy sauce and extra things on the table in the drawer - hilarious! And genius!  The rolls were about $10 a piece...very reasonable.  The lamb lollipops are also a favorite with the spanakopita - if you want to get several small plates to share.  Cant wait to be back Soul!  :-D
5	We walked in here and got bar seats. We were taken Extremely good care of by the bar tenders. We ordered the special cup cake of the day ( soco lime) but were disappointed. The bar tender noticed the unfinished cup cake and offered to replace it- he then got me the red velvet which was Yumm. We weren't charged for the soco lime cupcake. This is what I call service. Highly recommend this place. Great music good people.
5	Food was off the chart. Goat Cheese Ice Cream sounds crazy I know but with the sweet taste of ice cream the goat cheese added a *bitter and sour* hint of flavor to the dish. Veal Shortribs tender (braised not boiled) but not over cooked great dish. Gryo Lollypops fresh lamb and beef never a bad idea. Tip my hat to the chefGreat staff and vibe
5	Very surprised brother took me here, haven't been to this part of town in a long while. Atmosphere very laid back nice vibe Food excellent! Tuna Tacos it works what more can I say Soul roll not very spicy but very good! Grilled Caesar very nice Sushi Fondue also excellent I will go back and go back soon!
5	Very good spot food was awesome drinks were good service was great the food and the presentation were excellent!!!!
5	Some places just feel comfortably right. Soul Gastrolounge in Charlotte's Plaza Midwood is one of those places. In the funky second floor rectangle that once hosted potty-mouthed comedy shows at The Perch, exposed brick and beams invite diners to settle in for cozy consumption.Shouldn't all meals be small plates of surprising complementary textures and flavors? A little taste of babaganoush, blue cheese stuffed mini burgers, a wee bite of manchego, some sushi, and skewer of curried lamb with mango chutney is tapas as it is meant to be: plates large enough for sharing or not, and portions that are satisfying and delicious. Daily cupcake specials and house made goat cheese ice cream for dessert round out the menu. Service is impressive and personal from employees who exude pierced urban cool. When one diner in our party was unsure of which red wine she'd like, the bartender offered tastes of his top three favorites and let her choose the best for her palate from those while our table was readied. Dishes are delivered to tables as their kitchen preparation is completed, and sampling each dish as they arrive is encouraged.Close quarters are remedied with booths for larger groups, two and four top tables, bar service and couches and chairs at just the right height for coffee table sharing. Outdoor dining is also available on the balcony overlooking the intersection of Central and Pecan Avenues and the Queen City's skyline at this laidback gastronomic retreat.
5	What a cozy little cool joint up on the second floor of this corner building in Plaza-Midwood. I have been here three times and continue to be impressed with this place and it is quickly becoming my go to to just hang out with friends and have a drink. The tapas selection is great and you can't go wrong with any of them (ok, well maybe the rocky mountain oysters - which I tried and they were ok) but the goat cheese apps, the lamb lollipops, bruschetta - it's all great. My dad would call this a "yuppie joint" but I give it two thumbs up for it's warm cozy atmosphere and great food. People watching is cool two.
4	Still am a fan of this place but I have to revoke my sushi recommendation. The last three times I've gone their sushi has been absolutely horrible ...not fresh but fishy, messy, bleh. What happened to my sushi fondu roll ? You use to be so good, bummer. I'm not sure if they changed fish vendors or sushi chef's but please go back to what you had before...pretty please. I do have a few new recommendations though: Shrimp ceviche - hell yes! Light coconut flavor served with a plantain chip mmmm. Also the mojitos are delicious! I wish they added some fruit varieties besides mango (too sweet for me) but they are definitely worth having (served in a pint glass - not some dinky small glass)
5	Just the best thing in Charlotte. Great place to chill. The food selection is good. Great music all the time. Parking is horrible.
5	This place hit me square in the face, in a good way!  Ended up here pretty spontaneously on a Wednesday night.  There was a 20-30min wait, but they were super busy (for good reason!).  I was a bit hungry and annoyed that we are waiting for a table this long on a weekday, but the wait was well worth it!Our server was great, she recognized that it was our first time here and explained the menu and how it all worked with tapas and her recommendations.  She recommended that each of us (there were 3 of us in our group) order two plates.  We put in an order of edamame and we were off to the races!I chose the Sashimi Tuna Tacos (heaven in 2 bites) and Shrimp Ceviche which was an awesome way to end the meal since it came out last.  My cohorts chose the special:  fried shrimp with alfreado linguine and a crunch roll;  and the other two plates were soul wings and sticky veal shortribs.  Everything was excellent.  It was fun having all the small plates and being able to try everything.We were lucky enough to get an outside table and halfway through the meal it started raining, but they have covers that rolled down to keep the splashing to a minimum.  The inside looked pretty cool and loungy - not many tables inside (hence the wait), but overall I am definitely coming back here to try some more tapas!
4	I was there for the first time on Memorial Monday and I enjoyed the visit alot.  I was told this place can get pretty crowded but we were fortunate that it wasn't too bad.  We got a corner seat along that back wall long bench.  I have to say the tiny table sure limits the amount of food one can order... anything more and we would have to borrow the next table.  The decor provides a warm feeling.  The exposed brick is industrial chic; the hanging whole peacock is kind of rustic; the couches make it more a lounge than a restaurant.  For a date (which I was on), I think it's intimate enough of a setting without being too much.  Hip, but not over the top.  Now the food.  We had the curried lamb skewer, portabella mushrooms, shrimp ceviche, and spanakopita.  Amazingly I got pretty filled up.  My fav was definitely the lamb: juicy, tasteful, and the mango chutney provides just enough of a sweetness to it.  The ceviche was good too, especially with the small twist of coconut flavor in it.  We ended the night with the pistachio & coffee ice cream.  Pistachio (as odd and green as it was) was better... the coffee ice cream was more icy than creamy.  I do wish that they have a bigger dessert menu but hey... it's all good.  Otherwise the menu provides plenty options. On a side note, a friend of mine told me that I can watch the best sunset on the balcony... and I swear it was the most orange, biggest setting sun I've seen in a long time.  But it was too darn hot to sit outside, but even a glimpse was magical enough... ok, I now sound like I had 2 wine too many haha.  Definitely thumbs up... just be aware of that stairs, it gotta be a liability.
5	My favorite restaurant in Charlotte, not even close. Tapas and sushi mostly, everything is good. I need places to have good energy to want to go back and Soul has it, good music, good food, mostly good service.  Highly recommend the Lamb Lollipops, Soul Wings, Southern Fried Oysters, Wild Mushrooms on Toast (yes, try it), and for sushi - Replay Roll and Soul Roll.  The cupcakes are hit or miss and have mostly been a miss for me lately.  I could eat here 5 times a week.
4	Pros: Fantastic food, nice little patio, excellent cocktails, Good service.Charlotte needs more of this vibe.Cons: if you go on a weekend night, it's CROWDED. Either get there early, or choose another spot to imbibe. Bar seating is first-come first serve and the tables are for diners only.My suggestion? Go early on a weeknight to avoid the crowds. You won't be disappointed.
1	I am originally from Charlotte, and was back in town visiting family and friends and a friend of mine suggested meeting here for tapas and drinks this evening.  I could not wait to write this review.I have not encountered such poor customer service in a very long time, and that's saying something, as I currently live in New York City.  The hostess who "greeted" me was incredibly rude.  I use the word "greeted" very freely.  Basically, she looked me up and down expectantly as I walked in the door.  When I said nothing, obviously expecting a "Hello" or a "Welcome", she proceeded to sigh and grunt out a "How many?"  When I explained to her that I was meeting someone and pulled out my phone to text my friend to ask her if she wanted to sit inside or out, I was told, very rudely and abruptly, that the restaurant was "obviously very small" and that she would not seat me  until my party was complete.  Fine.  I understand that many restaurants have this policy.  I was making no complaint.  There's no need for such an attitude.A bit taken aback by her demeanor, I asked if I could wait at the bar, towards which I was waved with a scowl.  When my friend finally arrived, I tried to settle up with the bartender (for a single seltzer), and he said it was no problem and not to worry about it.  When we approached the hostess to claim a table, she looked at me very accusingly and said, "Well did you settle your bar tab?"  I've worked retail, I've worked food service - I know people have bad days, I know these jobs can really suck sometimes, but there is no excuse for attitude like that.  Especially when I did nothing to provoke it.The waitress was competent, but not particularly friendly or helpful in the slightest.Food was fine, nothing incredible.  And the red velvet cupcake was dry and infinitely forgettable.I think the management and staff here should seriously rethink their approach to customer service.  Treat your customers well - they're the one and only reason that you're in business.I will never, EVER come back here.  And I will never recommend this establishment to anyone.
2	Ask me a year ago and I would have nothing but good things to say about Soul.Ask me now and meh it is.The first few times I went there, it was wonderful. I sat at the little mini bar around the dj, feasted on sushi and reasonably priced beers and left happy.The last few times I went I had to *wait two hours for a table....on a Wednesday night.  I'm sorry? This is Plaza. *joined some friends who were on the patio dining and when the server came around multiple times, she didn't even acknowledge us. Even when I started acting childish and saying I'm so thirsty as a hint. I did this because when I tried to flag her down before, she straight up walked away.*Get dripped on with rain water since the plastic covering for the patio wasnt wanting to cooperate. I hope it was rain water at least.Their sushi rocked when I went the first few times and I would love to have it again but it wasn't in the sushi stars.Oh Soul, you were like a bad boy crush. Fun for the first few times but no real future with you.
4	I was in Charlotte for business and knowing NC was home to badass BBQ, I did serious research only to throw all of the pork BBQ joints out the window when I discovered that NC was host to an impressive array of home-grown chefs doing some amazing work with local ingredients.Soul Gastrolounge seemed like such a funky place -- a hip lounge off the beaten path with sushi and Greek classics on the same menu. The space is small, but that's not a bad thing. Dark and intimate, I saddled up to an empty bar (I ate solo on the early side on a weeknight), ordered a PBR and decided to go to to work on some bone marrow, anchovy fries and saganaki. Obviously, I wasn't planning on hooking up wiht anyone later (which was very much appreciated by my wife back home). The bone marrow was served alongside some pickled red onion, parsley and thin, toasted bread. I love that bone marrow is making a foodie comeback -- poor people's food now finding its way onto respectable menus and savored for the deliciousness it's always been. The acidity of the red onion/parsley cut the richness of the beef butter just right. The only complaint I have is that the toast points were too thin and too crispy to properly soak up the richness once it melted into the bread.The anchovy fries were true rockstar food as I don't have many friends that would join me in this adventure. I love the saltiness of a fresh anchovy. Dredging them in flour (cornstarch, perhaps) and flash-frying them made an already good thing amazing. The lemon aioli that came accompanied it was proper -- those little fishy fishes vanished quickly in between bites of bone marrow slathered toast and...So I had never had saganaki - this beauty of fried, then ouzo-flambed cheese that Greeks have enjoyed for generations -- until this fateful night. And wow -- worth the wait. Perhaps, I didn't need the extra dose of saltiness given my anchovy fries and pickled red onions, but the salty cheese was incredibly satisfying -- especially when washed down by a cold, domestic brew. Soul Gastrolounge boasted quite an impressive menu of small plates and if I was a local, I'd make a point to hit them all. The bar was a perfect place to perch as it allowed me to watch the team of cooks prepare my meal. Given the size of the kitchen, which is about the size of my coat closet, these guys and girls really know what they're doing and are so intentional in what they serve their loyal fans. Charlotte is lucky to have them around.
5	I LOVE Soul!  If your are looking for a fun place to eat with friends ( and the best it gets for the price), there is no place I would rather go in Charlotte.  I went their for my birthday dinner this past Friday.  The Soul Roll was amazing, the sushi was so fresh.  There is always a good dj spinning in the background.  Yes, i waited an hour for a table, but who cares?  I was sipping cava on the porch with my friends, nobody was complaining.  I am pretty sure by now, I have tried everything on the menu at least once. Some favs:  Sashimi tuna tacos, shrimp ceviche, sticky veal short ribs, the Soul roll, and if you have room for sweets: red velvet cup cake I think the sushi keeps getting better, I do want to try the cheese plate though, looked really good at the table next to me,( I usually get the ham plate).  The prices are more than reasonable; I always leave good and full and without buyers remorse...We need more places like this in Charlotte
4	This palce is really neat down the street from my work and never get the chance ot stop in and eat there since they are only open at dinner time.  However ate there with a my friend Kevin and we sat outside on their balcony watching the cars go by and it was relaxing.  Now let me remind you this is a Tapas Bar.  Great finger foods and a mix of Greek, sushi, and all american finger foods.  Didnt try their drinks only had beer.  But overall great service and great food.  This is a must stop by at least once type of place.
5	Awesome! Been to Soul several times. Grill Greek cheese, bone marrow and lamb chops are a favorite.
4	The minute I walked in I was on sensory overload!  I'm gonna get this out of the way....the food....one word....stupendous! My favorite thus far, the lamb lollipops....nom...nom...nom.  Ok, now the more interesting details.  First off, the joint is small...really small and the layout is much like a galley kitchen, you know straight and fairly narrow.  So one side of the place = bar, the other = dinner seating.  Easy peasy.   There was a DJ there when I went so I'm assuming that is the norm.  Strange collection of music the night I was there but it was so loud didn't really matter.  And crowded it was, a little over an hour wait even at 7:45pm.  Keep that in mind and get there early to obtain solid bar real estate while you wait.  The decor is trendy chic and seriously had me pondering for over 30-45 minutes trying to figure out..."Am I at a bar or a restaurant?" Hahaha....didn't matter really the spot was fun, full of energy and the food was more than worth the wait :)My only suggestion would be go during the week when it's not packed, I think I would have enjoyed it even more.
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to eat!  Interior: A+ (although sometimes I wish it was a bit bigger!)Food: A++++++++++++! Can't go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu! My normal menu consists of: sashimi tuna tacos (OMG!), shrimp or tuna skewers, grilled caesar, & sushi fondue. AMAZING!Drinks: A++++++! Brian is an awesome bartender!Staff is friendly & attentive.  Water glasses stay filled.Music is always on point!
4	Probably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Food is delicious. You can go here when you're in the mood for sushi, meats or cheeses. Suits a lot of different tastes. Be forewarned it's served tapas style, meaning food comes out when it's ready. This only ever bothered me once when more food came out than could fit on the table...like, at least try to plan it out! When you go, try to get a table rather than a booth. The booths, unfortunately, are tall, cutting off your view of the restaurant and killing the ambiance. I want to chop the tops off! If the weather permits, sitting outside gets you a killer view of the city.
4	First off let me say that the atmosphere is what we went for. I love the exposed brick, low lighting and relaxed seating. It does get a bit noisy around the bar, so if you are looking for something more private get a booth. We were able to grab one of the couches and people watch while enjoying the food. One down side is they do not take reservations so get there early. Luckily, I knew this and we showed up around 6:30 and were one of the last to be seated right away and ended up staying until around 9. This is a tapas bar so you never really know how long people will stay.Now...onto the food... Which was amazing! The tuna tacos were great, I would have liked them in a soft taco instead of a hard shell, but that is just personal preference. I found myself with sauce all over my fingers after one bite. The white bean and goat cheese dip was just ok, I tasted more bean than cheese though. We had an amazing flatbread that was on special that evening which was the highlight for me. New potatoes, corn, cheese and pesto... Mmmmm! Something I have learned is ALWAYS ASK FOR THE SPECIALS! The drink prices were right on target and not overpriced. The service was on point before our server was sat several times with one table being a party of 12. Tatyana still checked on us often and kept our water glasses filled. Minus one star for not being able to make reservations or call ahead seating. We do not live close to the city, so showing up and not being able to get in when we want would be disappointing.Overall a great experience. We will be going back!
4	The food was very fun and imaginative while the ambiance was funky and relaxed.My dinner date and I arrived on a Saturday night at 5:00pm, when they first opened, and we were seated immediately.  I love the ambiance of the restaurant.  It has a trendy, young vibe.  Good music, alternative looking waitstaff, clean, yet interesting decor with the exposed ceiling beams and red brick walls.We started with an x-rated martini and the drink special of the night, the cucumber-mint mojito.  While the martini was a bit over-priced ($11) and not that tasty in my opinion, I really enjoyed the mojito.  Typically mojitos are quantity over quality (aka low liquor content), but not this one.  There was a good balance of all of the flavors.We picked from a wide array of items from the menu, from dips to small plates.  My favorite item was the asia pork-belly tacos with watermelon salsa.  Though this sounds like a strange combination of ingredients, it worked perfectly!  I love when dishes have contrasting tastes and textures that work together in harmony, and this hit the mark on both counts.  The garlic and truffle oil fries were really good as well, though I always love me a little extra truffle oil, which this lacked.Our waiter, Justin, was awesome, he managed to always be there when we needed him for ordering another drink to bringing extra condiments, but he was not obnoxiously ever-present.I will definitely go here again!  It is clear that this restaurant is run with an emphasis on giving each patron a quality, unique dining experience.
5	I love this place so much that I almost don't want to give a review for fear of too many people finding out about this absolute gem of a restaurant.The staff is one of a kind, the ambiance is like morphing out of Charlotte and into LA, and the food is a work of art.We usually get the same thing every time: Edamame, an Eel Roll, a Yellowtail Roll, and BBQ French Fries.  Sometimes it gets crowded and the staff forgets--so make sure you ask about their specials for the evening.  They are usually a 10 out of 10.The word "fan" is putting it lightly.  I am in love with Soul.
5	Perhaps my favorite restaurant in Charlotte despite a few negatives. The food is phenomenal. Great variety, well worth the money. The downside is that you have to be strategic about when to go because it is always busy, especially during the weekends. Not a place to go with a large group of people for the same reason. My first attempt to go there, I went with a group of  8 on a Friday night and waited 2 hours, and ended up leaving. The hostess was rude and the impression that we got from their service was that they can afford to be rude because their food is so GREAT and customers are willing to overlook that.  My next time around, it was better... but then again I went on a Wednesday night  with one friend at 9pm (still crowded but wait was 5min). In sum, my 5 star rating is for the food quality and the ambiance once you are seated.
3	Pros: Sushi is goodCons: Service slow and lacking, music too loud, people seated too close to you.Recommend to others: Yes, if they are the patient sort.
4	One of my favorites in Charlotte for a date night or with 1-2 friends.  Food is fabulous/probably the best food in Charlotte I have had...always a hit.Love the ambiance/love the giant peacock that hangs above the bar!  Waiters make great recommendations on food and wine!Some of my favorites-white bean & goat cheese dip, guacamole stack, lamb lollipops with rosemary & pecorino, southern fried oysters.   Ask about the specials...Bar stools are very uncomfortable, I like eating at the bar if there is a long wait but not here bc you will keep sliding off if you have on a silk dress or leggings...Hostess is not very friendly, what is up with the rude hostesses in Charlotte...Don't go with a large group, you will NEVER get a seat.  Also, don't try to move your table around so you can be romantic and sit next to each other, you must sit facing each other or you will get scolded by the hostess. ( :I do love this place...can't wait for my next visit, maybe tonigh!!.
2	The only good things about this place are the atmosphere and the bartenders. They've got some cool, friendly bartenders. My food is always wrong, undercooked, or incredibly slow. How does that happen every time?
5	Warning: Awesome Place for a Date!!!Honestly, if you have an adventurous pallet and don't want the normal fair one night then you HAVE to try Soul.  Anyone that gives this place less than 4 stars is downright out of their mind!  I am extremely picky about the freshness of food, ambiance, pleasantness of staff, and pricing of food.  Soul's staff is always a pleasure to speak with and of the 5-6x I have been there, each meal has been nothing short of excellent!  If you do not try Soul Gastrolounge then you are really missing out!
1	is it fair to review a place if you've never eaten there? i will probably never go back based on how the hostess acted upon our arrival. i've never encountered such a rude person in the hospitality industry. as a hostess, your job is to greet people, welcome them and make them feel at home. i was appalled by the way she treated us and will probably never return due to how unpleasent she was. customer service is key.
1	Went here a little while back and not really sure about the hype... Maybe I'm missing something... The food is okay at best and the service is...well...terrible... I guess terrible is not even appropriate since we barely got any service. We sat outside since inside is incredibly loud and you can barely hear the person sitting next to you. Our server came and brought us 1 menu... We we asked for another one he said he didn't have any, even though one was sitting right behind him; so we helped ourselves... We ordered drinks which took about 25 minutes to come... After this he didn't even take our order... It took another 25 minutes for us to be able to order... and I should mention the outside sitting area was maybe half full, so not like he was terribly busy... When the food came it was just ok... The white bean and goat cheese dip is not a dip no natter what they say... It's merely cooked white beans with some goat cheese mixed in.... Overall the place is not very good... Lots of hype but nothing special... Probably won't be coming back...
4	Very good and affordable Tapas style restaurant. Good atmosphere...different and refreshing from the balance of CLT eateries.
4	This place has got soul! Too cheesy? It's okay just keep reading it gets better I promise. I just had to! Originally this was going to be a 5 star review but after a prompt return visit the hostess's bitchiness and ineptitude caused me to take away a star. More on that later. Buckle up kids this is going to be a long review.I probably have to give Soul the award for some of the most creative and tastiest cuisine I've ever had in Charlotte. Yes it's that good. Even when you order something that sounds fairly normal, they managed to give it a creative twist. I'm so appreciative of that! The interior is very small, crowded and very loud. So be prepared for a long wait sometimes, especially since they don't take reservations. But the staff is nice without being over the top, and water refills are kept up. I especially like that they serve it with cucumber instead of the usual lemon. I never like the taste of lemon in water, but I do love the flavor a slice of cucumber can infuse!My first trip here I went with tuna sashimi tacos, an amazing duck confit pasta topped with crispy sweetbreads and foie gras, and grilled toast topped with wild mushrooms and a fried egg with a Dijon vinaigrette. Finished with last but not least goat cheese ice cream. This meal contained probably some of the best things I've ever eaten anywhere in Charlotte. Lets start with the tuna tacos, I've had something similar to this dish while I was in Cali, it was a deconstructed fish taco and so I was excited to find it here! It did not disappoint at all! The guacamole was flavorful and added dimension and fattiness to the tuna while the fried wonton wrapper gave it a lovely crunch, yum.Next up came the duck confit pasta, now if the last dish was awesome this would qualify as a masterpiece. The duck confit paired with the delivered such amazing flavors that this dish could have easily fit into a high class restaurant. The foie gras' earthiness and richness complemented the pasta and gave it amazing depth of flavor, while the crispy sweetbreads brought the whole dish together some much needed texture. This dish is best eaten in small amounts though because it had such a rich, luxurious mouthfeel I felt quite sated after finishing half of the plate.The last savory course of the evening was grilled wild mushrooms with a dijon vinaigrette over charred toast and topped with a fried egg. I wasn't even going to get this dish because I was quite full but I saw the table next to us get it and I had to have it. I thought this dish was the most balanced of the night with complex flavors and textures melding together in glorious harmony. Just get the thing and you'll be singing it's praises too.Feeling like an overstuffed plush at this point, I decided to go all in and order the goat cheese ice cream. You could taste the grassiness of the goat cheese and the ice cream felt surprisingly low fat which surprised me. I think I'd prefer it if the flavor kicked me in the face next time like *WHAM* that's goat cheese alright! and maybe make the ice cream a bit more decadent? I just feel like you want to go all out for dessert and this let me down a bit.The music here is very very very loud. I couldn't hear what my dining partner about a foot away was saying, I almost contemplated just texting each other across the table. The hostess the first time was perfectly nice, but my second time was so rude, unfriendly, and nasty that I just took my business elsewhere. For such excellent food though I'll brave all these missteps and take my chances.
4	As always when I come home to visit my folks in Charlotte I am faced with the dilemma of finding restaurants to eat out at that not only tease my palate with some new flavors but also manage to not scare them off in the process. It's usually just my mom dining with me, so that relieves some of the pressure of pleasing all 3 of us, which is truly an unenviable task. This time around I solicited the feedback of a few fellow Yelpers in Charlotte for some new places and decided Soul Gastrolounge offered up so many options on their menu that surely I could find something to satisfy us both.It seemed to me that most of the complaints people had with this place revolved around the wait to get in, or just poor service in general, but I can definitely assure you we had neither of these problems (although mom likes to eat dinner early, so we got there a little after 6PM). In fact our server Marlon was one of the most attentive I've ever had, and constantly updated us on the progress of our items, since we ordered so many different plates. The pace of the food was all done well, and only at one point was our table completely overflowing with dishes, to which we just stole some space from the one next to us for a few minutes. All of the drinks came out within just a few minutes of ordering as well. Maybe we just got lucky, but this service was on point the whole night.At first glance the huge menu here seems to be a total mishmash of things from all over the globe, prepared in every way imaginable, the kind of thing that Gordon Ramsay would come into a restaurant and blow a gasket over. After a little further examination though you can see some of the connections, although I still think they should do away with a few sections altogether and focus more on the remaining dishes. The pricing of everything here (with the exception of the $18 lamb lollipops) is all pretty fair though, so you can try just about anything on the menu without a huge investment, a nice departure from the "small plate" pricing schemes in DC.We began with their spicy feta dip, which had a nice thick texture but I couldn't get past the strong Pimento cheese flavor, something that quickly reminded me I was back in NC. I did like it, but not sure I would recommend it. Next out were the Boursin cheese stuffed piquillo peppers served over mini-bruschettas. The flavors here were a bit muted for me, something my mom was a fan of, but I guess that's due to my inexperience with piquillos and expecting them to be spicy rather than sweet. So, if that's more your style then this dish is definitely done properly. The last of our teaser bites was easily my favorite, the French fries with garlic-herb salt and truffle oil, and we wound up snacking on them throughout the whole meal as a nice base point for flavors when we wanted to alternate back and forth. The truffle presence is pretty potent here but the herb flavors do a good job balancing it...definitely request some of the spicy mayo for dipping!Our first meat dish to come out was the chimichurri beef skewers, really well cooked cubes of beef with a hint of pink and a side of dipping sauce. Thankfully the chimichurri was for dipping, because it was a big disappointment compared to other versions I've had, but at least the meat was good. The sticky veal shortribs with the five spice honey glaze though were superb. The meat falls right off the bone as it should and maintains tenderness throughout. I really loved the traditional Asian flavor combo of hoisin and five spice here too. The lamb lollipops are clearly the star of the show here, although I wish the rosemary flavor was a bit more pronounced...and I hardly ever say this, but they cooked have been cooked just a bit longer to get a nice sear on the outside.  My favorite dish came next, the pork belly tacos with watermelon salsa. We were worried they wouldn't be available, as our waiter told us there was currently a watermelon shortage, but someone managed to find some and deliver it to the restaurant just in time, whew. Glad they did, as this was a unique flavor combination for me that really worked brilliantly. The high didn't last long though, as I was thoroughly disappointed with the shrimp ceviche, mainly due to the coconut milk base which was entirely too sweet.Dessert was a mixed bag, with the eggnog cupcake being OK, thanks in part to a heavy dose of rum-spiked frosting, and the pistachio ice cream being much better. There are nice big pieces of whole pistachios mixed into the ice cream which not only enhanced the flavor but added a nice textural element.I really appreciated the effort they're putting into the cocktail menu here as well. At just $10 a piece you can get some pretty creative combinations, such as the Dark N' Spicy using dark rum, ginger liqueur, Saranac ginger beer and fresh lime juice, much better than the "Stormy" version. Basil Smash was also good, but the Sweet Heat had too much syrup and not enough kick.
2	Willing to give it another shot, but not impressed with the sushi.I like the vibe, small but trendy. Great drinks.Just was less than impressed with the roll and I had the soul special.I admit, I'm a bit of a sushi snobb.....but that doesn't mean I believe a good roll has to burn a hole in my pocket. No, I love the dive sushi joints that are actually good.Overall not impressed.
5	This is my favorite spot in Charlotte!! LOVE IT! Great food, great atmosphere. My husband and I love to go and sit at the bar and eat there. $6 champagne- in a cool glass- can't beat it! Get the pork belly tacos, you won't be sorry. Also love the lamb/gyro kabobs. I love it all!
5	After just getting back from NYC and eating some fantastic food... of course.  I was still craving the cuisine you can find on every street in NYC.  That being said I adventured back to Soul.  I hadn't been in a very long time and things have changed for the better the menu has a lot more variety now and lots of sushi.  I highly recommend the pan con tomate & pork belly tacos truly fantastic.  The sushi was a nice surprise fresh and tasty.  Ahh the drinks also bring me back to a little mid-town at $10 a pop the prices are almost equal as well but the drinks are well worth the cost.  This by far has been one of my favorite meals out in the last 4 years living in Charlotte.Tip this place gets packed so be prepared to wait.  It's well worth it.
4	Fun place great music.
5	This is my FAVORITE place in Charlotte!!! I used to live a few blocks away and went at least once a week. They have everything!!! It's a good place to take a group bc everyone can find something they like! Five stars for sure!!!!!!
5	I never tire of this place! Really great atmosphere (even though it tends to get loud sometimes), food never disappoints and the specialty cocktails are great!On the first weekend of the month, they have Drag Queen brunch...haven't been yet but trying it next month and I can't wait!Love, Love, Love you Soul Gastrolounge! Don't ever change :)
3	Had pretty high expectations of the place after some friends raved about it. I honestly thought it was just okay. Sure some of the tapas were inventive and good, but I've had much better. I'm also not crazy about the setting. The place doesn't seem to have found the right mix between bar and restaurant and we were sitting in what seemed like a bar lounge area and served tapas. It just didn't really feel right and it was a bit cramped with our big group. Still, worth a try and there are some good choices on the menu.
1	Very unhappy with this place, booked it for a friends birthday received a text at 8.11 got to the restaurant at 8.14 and they gave our table away because we were considered late! WTF!!!! I have never seen such bad service, rude staff and the management is even worse. Never will you see any of my money.
5	INCREDIBLE!!!!!  Pork-belly tacos   YUM!!!  I will be back next time I'm in town.
3	I expect this to be bumped up to 4-5 stars upon my next visit.  I just stopped in for a quick snack as I recently just moved to the area.  I'm liking this walking thing I've always heard people talk about(I'm from the lake area).I got the fries with garlic herb and truffle oil.  It was a decent pile of fries and they were good, but nothing special.  I know truffle oil rarely contains any truffle, but I tasted none.  The herbaceousness of the salt was the saving grace.  The fries them selves were small cut but fried about to perfection.Service was awesome.  A thoroughly pierced server with green hair was quite attentive and always kept my cucumber water filled, even after it was obvious I was just there for some quick fries.The local is great, the ambiance is quite nice.  The fact that they have this beautiful sushi and tapas menu that serves till midnight and is stumbling distance to home makes this place a must for me in the near future.
5	This is my favorite place to get a slightly dirty dry martini - the bartenders know how to make them! This place becomes crowded on the weekends, but Sunday night is the best time to go! It is intimate and cozy, or if you want the bartenders will chat you up like an old friend. The atmosphere is like you are going to your gorgeous friend's house, you know, the one who has better taste than everyone. You must try the truffle french fries!
5	Food is excellent. We come here very often. Not so uptight. It's casual dressy, a very relaxed environment. Love it.
4	I have only made brief stops to Soul, but on those trips, I've enjoyed it. The vibe is like Central Perk all grown up. Nice, comfy furniture, dimly lit (assuming you are there at night or at least after dark), and provided you manage to visit when the place is not packed, plenty of room to enjoy your stay.The downside is that there can be times when there are just too many people in the place, and then it's a bit awkward. While the furnishings are nice, the lounge goes entirely out the window since there are only so many places you can do your lounging. This is not really a club, and if you are too late to the party, you will have a tough time finding room to lounge.On a similar note, the mingling aspect is cool, the food is interesting, but it can be tough to eat - there just isn't that much space to spread out. You want to keep it small when ordering because the arms of those sofas cannot handle the entire buffet that you want from the menu. Either pick carefully, or take it slowly so you don't get overwhelmed.
4	This city needs some more places like this. Small, simple, good. Crazy mixed up menu that works in its own weird way. Sushi with a greek influenced menu? Two of my favorite things. WHY NOT? Came her with the lady friend on a Wednesday night. Wanted to sit on the bar and have a bottle of wine and relax. Host told us that patio was only for dining guests... odd but okay. Bellied up to the bar. Sat for about 5 minutes or more before a bartender even recognized we were there. Grabbed a bottle and the dip trio plate. PERFECT. Bartender brought us a sample of one of their specialty drinks as well as a sample of some Soju. Def made up for the small blunter. Finally after the kitchen closed we were able to grab a seat outside. Ended up being a great night. Only regret is that I did not get the Shrimp Ceviche and Spicy Feta.... next time.
5	I've been here twice and each time was outstanding. I would suggest being patient (very) as far as getting a table. This is a very small intimate spot with a lot of demand. The truffle fries aren't to be missed. Their desserts are quite inventive as well. I would be careful about getting to caught up in the "small plates/bites" menu, however. You can end up leaving with a big tab.
5	Ever since discovering Soul, it's always a destination when out-of-town friends are visiting. I think it represents Charlotte really well: eclectic, creative, cozy, and trendy. I don't make it here often enough, mainly because I drop a pretty penny whenever I do visit. It's too easy, because I want it all! Dress up or dress down, go grunge or glam, and you'll fit in. Perfect for an intimate date night during the week or a group of fun friends on a weekend night, if you don't mind standing room and a loud DJ. You will not be disappointed by anything on the menu!
4	Really great food. Very interesting menu! not so diet friendly:(
4	The "Soul Roll" is just sums it up for this place! The sushi is amazing and the Soul Roll is the best dang roll on the planet. The atmosphere is conversational and small. The hostess's are bitches and I am not a fan of them when I enter the door, but its worth a passing to sit there and eat their amazing food! I've had just about everything on their menu and I love how they have mini plates, so you can have a variety of food at once. Great place to bring a date, have a glass wine or even a cocktail, and hang out with friends. I probably go at least once a week, but the place is very small for such a fantastic food and drinks. Not recommended for huge parties because your food will take forever! I went the other night with 5 people and it took forever to sit, the hostess was a bitch to us because we had 5 people, and our food came out in spurts so we never got to eat all at the same time. One recommendation for Soul is get better hostess's and make your place bigger for dining. Your food is way to good not too! I gave you 4 stars because of my past experience with having a bigger group and the fact that every time I go in their your hostess's are rude, bitchy, and straight up not friendly.
5	Obsessed and can't wait to go back.Fried goat cheese bruschetta - amazing Sliders with blue cheese and onion strings- how can you go wrong?Southern Nachos (not on their online menu) - instead of chips it's served with thinly sliced, fried chicken.  I don't remember what else was on them because we ate them so fast. Grilled cheese -  yumSteak kabobs with chimi churi - just ok, I wouldn't order again.  The steak was too well done.Plan to wait and don't go with a group of more than 6 or you may wait until midnight.  When I go back I'm going to have a hard time ordering....I want to try everything!  P.S. Although the menu has a a lot of unique items even the pickiest of eaters will find something,
4	I've been to soul for dinner and enjoyed it, even after the hour + wait to get in the door, but after having brunch there today, I will never venture anywhere else (except Zada Jane's) for Sunday brunch! Wow! Awesome flavors! Awesome service! Less of a wait than other popular brunch places! The spinach feta pita=amazing! Truffle fries=f*#k McDonald's fries forever-slap your mama-holy lawd-delicious! The potato hash (sans sausage of course)=rich and tasty! Great mint Julip with fresh muddled mint, and good bloody Mary. Only gripe= they need MORE VEGETARIAN options (some TOFU and "SOY"SAGE would be lovely; they have both across the street at Zada Jane's...another great brunch place) and they need to offer a VEGAN BLOODY MARY (with vegan or no Worcestershire).
5	A lot of places in Charlotte are proud to prepare food with local farm products. Soul is also one of those places. Every time my girls come down from the east coast, this is a place on the list that we never skip. The ambience at night is like NYC restaurant, funky music, live dj and all kinds of food - sushi to steak. The wait is also similar to hopping restaurant in NYC. Seriously you can go in at 10 PM and still have to wait 30 mins for a table (this did happen btw) But the wait is worth it. Make sure to always get the truffle fries! The kabobs are damn good and so are sliders. But their lamb chops certainly are my fav. We have even done brunch there and the menu is almos tthe same and so is the wait lol. Bt the bloody mary's make up for it!! Definitely a fun place to take your friends...be prepared for a wait, make sure to take in some drinks and just enjoy it all.
5	My friends & I spent the evening out at Common Market South End when we realized none of us have eaten dinner yet! Being only a week into my relocation to Charlotte, my native friends took me out for a treat: Soul Gastrolounge.It was about 10:30 at night, and the place was packed. We were originally told that the wait would be about 40 minutes. Ugh! About five minutes later, the hostess came back and explained that if we'd like to 'lounge,' the three of us could sit down right away. Sign us up! We were greeted by a selection of comfy chairs and a small coffee table. The setting was intimate, not too loud, and yet plenty of opportunities for people watching. I absolutely loved the eclectic decor, exposed brick, and dim lighting. With waters all around, we made our game plan by ordering four tapas: ahi tuna tacos, the dip trio, scallops, and fig arugula flatbread. Oh my lord. Not kidding when I say these were to die for! I think my favorite was the ahi tuna tacos; quite possibly the perfect mix of sushi meets mexican. The best taco shell I've ever had. Light, crunchy, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. I'd be happy to go into detail about all of the dishes we had, but I'm afraid we'd be here all night.The service was great. Very accomodating. Our drinks were always filled, and she even brought us more pita chips (3 times, mind you!) for our dips. And at the end of the night, pricing wasn't too bad. Four tapas, three friends, $13 each + tip. Not too shabby. I'll definitely will be back. Great place to take friends, and this new Charlottean is hooked!
3	Dropped in for a late night dinner and some drinks and the place was packed but we didn't have to wait longer than a beer by the bar before being able to sit and order some grub.  We went with sushi since is was such a warm night and neither of us was could commit to downing anything that warmer than the weather.  Between the two of us we got the vegetable roll, ki roll, spicy tuna roll, and salmon nigiri.  The rolls came out fast and disappeared equally as quickly.  They were delicious!  Fresh and wonderful.  Between the food, frosty beverages, and awesome tunes the DJ was spinning I left feeling full, tipsy, refreshed, and completely satisfied!
2	I  frequently enjoyed the food and atmosphere here until I had a very bad experience with the very rude hostess and manager.  There were 10 of us celebrating a birthday and our night was ruined.  We left Soul, went to the Diamond where we had  better service. Soul, quite frankly, lacks "soul". The food is good but the unwelcoming, rude staff is a major turn off.
4	I love this place. Seriously love this place. Which can be a little dangerous when you live 3 blocks away.The ambiance is groovy in a refreshingly alternative way and could easily be at home in San Francisco. The music is usually really good, but can be a bit loud at times making conversation difficult. Still, a respectable first funky date location if I do say so myself.On to the food, there are a few must haves: the truffle fries and the pork belly tacos. The fries go without saying on account of the truffle, while the pork belly tacos consist of simple ingredients that I would never expect to have worked together: tortilla, 3 cubes of fatty pork belly, an Asian glaze, and watermelon. Yes, watermelon. At $9 for two small tacos I could rightfully call it highway robbery. But you'll be paying for seconds and thirds (as I have been known to do) when these flavors combine to elicit tears of ecstasy as you fall to your quivering knees in a euphoric culinary-induced coma. I may have to clear my schedule tonight.Honestly, I've never really had anything bad here--although I can say that the bone marrow challenged me a little. All aside, there is a reason that there is often 2 hour+ waits to get inside for dinner. They are amazing. TIP: If there is a huge line, try stalking the patrons in bar stools until you can swoop in. I reduced my 2 hour wait to 5 minutes this way.
2	I must be the only one who had a problem with this place.  I will preface this review by saying that I prefer the dives over the hip and trendy so my opinion my be biased.  I recently met a friend here to partake in their dinner menu.  I must say that first off, I was very unimpressed by their beer selection. They only had your standard Domestics on tap/bottle (Budweiser, Michelob and Miller).  I don't understand how this is possible given that Twenty-Two is right below them with a laundry list of great beers.  However, their wine selection looked admirable but alas, I'm not a wine drinker so that's were a star is lost for me.   The Food:  Overpriced but delicious.  My order of Hummus was more filling than my entree of the Pork Belly tacos.  I will say that the Pork Belly was amazing especially when paired with Watermelon, which I wasn't expecting at all.  My friend ordered the shrimp tacos and enjoyed them much the same.  The Environment:  Trendy with various ambient, trip-hop music.  I think that this would be a great meet up place after dinner with non beerdrinkers.  There are definitely more affordable places to congregate with a better alcohol content.  Just don't come here hungry and on a budget because you'll just end up somewhere else an hour later.
5	Soul may be hard to get into on busy nights, but it's worth the wait. The tapas-style menu features Spanish dishes like chorizo, Greek pitas and dips, some of the best sushi in town, and tons of other fantastic dishes, all served as super-shareable small plates. Come hungry and ready to share. Soul has opened my eyes to dishes I never would have thought I would like - the anchovy fries are now one of my cravings, and I'm not sure where else you can order bone marrow in Charlotte. My favorites are the mini burgers, stuffed piquillo peppers on bruscetta, sticky veal shortribs and replay roll, although not listing the entire menu here is difficult. The bartenders here are also pretty skilled. Great spot choose if trying to impress your foodie friends.
5	Amazing lamb lolly pops, I never like lamb until I had these.
5	To sum things up in a tidy little sentence:  Soul has a swanky vibe, indoor and outdoor seating, great service, and fantastic food/beverage selection. My boyfriend and I headed over to Soul on a random Sunday night just after 5pm in order to get one of the coveted outdoor tables to enjoy the weather over dinner. We ordered a plethora of options to share, including:  - White bean goat cheese dip with pita points: so good that my boyfriend, who doesn't like goat cheese, devoured it.- Athenian tomato salsa: delicious - I thought it'd just be regular old salsa, but the seasoning was divine. - Veggie roll: in order to entice my boyfriend into eating sushi, we started with this option, and he really liked it. Looking forward to more adventurous options next time.- Soul roll: this was my dinner roll - delicious with the jalapeno and spicy mayo for a bit of a kick. - Tuna skewer: sauce that came on this skewer was very good, and it was seared perfectly. - Chicken pita: great flavor and presentation.They also make cupcakes in house and change flavors periodically, so be sure to try them all so you don't miss out!Parking can be a bit tricky in that area, and the place fills up quickly on weekends, so head over there early if you don't want to wait. That said, there's always the bar to try out some of the fun cocktails if you do have to wait a bit - the bartenders at Soul are always friendly!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Very hip crowd, fits in perfectly with the Plaza Midwood area. Artistry and very laid back. Reminds me of a DC handout I went to. The best sushi in town. Small restaurant and bar, perfect for a outing with a small group of friends. I would not suggest bring kids, this is more of a adults only restaurant. SOUL Rolls are the best. YUM
5	A true hidden gem... Well, hidden as far as its location but a DEFINITE staple and favorite of Charlotte's locals!Picture this:1) Dimmed lighting that sets a classy-casual vibe mixed with random eclectic decor, such as a giant peacock embracing the brick walls with its luscious feathers 2) Hungry Charlotte-ans filled with laughter as they line up by the bar, drinking and chit-chattering away as they WILLINGLY wait hours for a table3) Visiting guests who are embodied with anticipation as their minds are brainwashed by locals about how amazing the food is4) Eager faces and watering mouths as tapas are slowly brought out to their ownersyummm.. makes me drool just reminiscing about the experience and especially my meal! Absolutely everything we ordered had an extra kick or zing that took me by surprise. Every "normal" dish offered, or so it was described, had an unexpected twist of flavors.We ordered Wild Mushrooms On Toast (Panini), Ahi Tuna with Sesame & Soy Drizzle (Skewers), Sashimi Tuna Tacos (Tapas-Meze-Small Plates), Sticky Veal Short Ribs (Tapas-Meze-Small Plates), Soul Roll (Sushi: Soul Originals), Goat Cheese Ice Cream and Pistachio Ice Cream (Soul Made Ice Cream). All this for two little girls who, by the way, finished every last bite! In parentheses are the categories of each item. I would recommend any and all of these dishes, but my absolute favorite is the Sticky Veal Short Ribs! These were the most amazing short ribs I have ever had! The meat was so tender and the flavors oh so rich. The meat slid off the bone with ease and every bite was drenched with flavors!  Aside from the amazing short ribs, I have to say that Soul houses the best Pistachio Ice Cream.. IN THE WORLD! The entire meal was absolutely divine. I can't wait to come back!TIP: It's located upstairs, above a boutique, and can easily be missed if it's your first time. Be on the look out!
3	mediocre sushi
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  I love everything about it, except the capacity.  It's easier to get a spot to eat when it's just me and my girlfriend or with 1 other couple. If you have more than 4 in your party, you will definitely have a good wait on the weekends.  That being said, I don't mind a wait when I'm dining here because I'll either get one of their finely crafted cocktails or go downstairs to Twenty-Two (See my review).  Once I get a table...IT'S ON.The restaurant is a fusion of American, Greek, and Japanese (well, sushi mainly).  It's tapas style and I'll usually order 2 small plates at a time to split.  It's a pretty interesting menu when you bring all 3 of these together.  My favorite dish is hands down the sashimi tuna tacos.  My eyes usually roll into the back of my head as I savor each bite.  They just taste so fresh and smooth.  We always get the cheese plate to nibble on throughout the meal, and it's massive...a really good value.  The spanikopita is a favorite and we always get a roll of sushi.  They have great sushi.  The quality is there and you can taste it. They have a great brunch too, love the pimiento mac n' cheese.  They also have these breakfast pierogis with fried bologna and maple syrup.  That dish is out of this world.I love the selection of music (very loungy) and the patio overlooks the skyline of Charlotte.  Soul was voted one of the city's best restaurants for a reason.
5	I moved to Charlotte about 6 months ago and have not wasted a second to try all of the fantastic restaurants offered in this unsuspecting town.  After a few wonderful experiences and some mediocre, I finally made it to SOUL.  I had only heard great things about it other than the fact that they dont take reservations & don't seat until the entire party is there.  This was not that big of a deal, when you see how tiny the place is inside.  My first experience was great and I could not wait to go back when my boyfriend was in town.  We didn't want to wait for a table so we sat at the bar.  We had "Bob the Bartender" and couldn't have asked for a better server.  We told him we wanted him to basically do a tasting menu but to keep it under $100.  He not only made us FANTASTIC drinks but each dish he served us paired well with each cocktail. I had the cucumber martini that he prepared old school style by pouring the liquor into the glass from above his head.  He served us wonderful tapas including the Dancing Tuna roll, Fried egg Mushroom toast, hamachi jalapeno sashimi, ahi tuna tacos, pork belly w/ watermelon, etc. For dessert he made us the most delicious Chocolate Martini; I had the goat cheese icecream and my bf had the pistachio.  Both delectable.  I cannot say enough great things about this place, the food & service are amazing and it has been a regular stomping ground for me in Charlotte.  Bravo Soul!
4	One of Charlotte's best hidden gems!  The menu is a cross among American, Greek, Spanish & Japanese cuisines.  The music is excellent (mostly lounge/house music.)  Great view of uptown....my only complaint would be that it always gets packed especially on the weekends and a couple of times me and some friends actually waited over an hour for a table.
3	Great food, but service was ok. The bartender was a little rude and the kitchen closed earlier than scheduled. I would go back and give it another try for the food and ambiance though!
5	My favorit place ever.
5	I felt like was in a Forno.Soul grastrolounge I would make so many babies with you if I could.  You could tie me up and do whatever you want to me. I seriously could eat here everyday.  NY Lounge style with awesome DJs are here everyday of the week.  The outside seating has a little view of the city and waiters/waitresses are always cool.Lets get it on with the food.  Sashimi Tacos were the first thing I have ever eaten here.  So fresh and drizzled with some siracha mayo.  Oh yes mouthgasm.  I honestly am drooling on my keyboard right now.  The second time I was here I had the lamb lollipops which I haven't seen in a while.  So friggin good. The steak and egg was great for a good snack as well.  The last time I was here I saw something I have always dreamed of.  Fried chicken skins.  Now I know that sounds nasty and white trash as all hell, but when in Charlotte do as nascar does. The pimento fondue and jalapeno pickled okra complimented this very well. All the food here is just exceptional I can go on and on and on.  This is probably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte now. ( sorry chima, its over)  They have specials every night that are just concoctions of genius.  Add them to your FB or twitter you won't be disappointed. Soul is a perfect tapas restaurant with intelligent food ideas, great drinks, and great music.  Other places could learn a lot from Soul. The only cons I have are that this place can get packed, and my bank account hates me.
3	I visited Soul Gastrounge twice in the last two weeks and I've gotta say I'm underwhelmed.  The first time I went I was stuffed but friends ordered the veal shortribs, Korean BBQ wings and pork buns.  Short ribs- Not as tender as I would have liked.  The whole point of braising is to get the meat to a point where its fork tender.  This was not the case and it distracted from the overall flavor.  Korean BBQ wings- the outside skin was nice and crunchy but the inside meat was bland and not seasoned.  So anticlimactic.Pork buns- They were ooook.  The meat to bun ratio could have been kicked up a bit but the flavor was to be expected.Now, the second time I visited Soul was a hot mess.  I arrived at 7:30 to find that there were no tables available.  I understand that this is commonplace most nights.  I ordered a crunch roll at the bar- I thought this was yellowtail and some tempura flakes or something.  An HOUR later my sushi was done.  Admittedly, it did get pretty crowded in there but come ON.  You dont even have to cook it!  When I asked the bartender where my sushi was his only response was, "it's coming.". Well, it came but I don't think it was a crunch roll at all, it was the tempura shrimp roll.  But I ate it anyway, I was starving by that point.   It was also very tasty-which I hate to admit.So that said, if I go back to Soul Gastrolounge, I will be a) only ordering sushi and b) watching my waiter/waitress/sushi chefs like a hawk so they don't play games with my food.
5	Always have a great time here! Great food, great vibe, just all around good time! But what can you expect from Greeks :-) I can honestly say though the only thing I have not tried is the sushi. I have heard good things about it just have not had it myself. It really is just the way I enjoy eating with friends and just snacking on so many different plates, just like home. My only complaint would have to be that it just gets so packed, but hey that can also be a good thing!
5	Cool atmosphere. Great food.  Must have the pork belly tacos. Out of this world! Everything we had was great, although I wasn't crazy about the Bone Marrow.  Dirty South Nachos, veal short ribs, chimchurri beef skewers, spider-roll sushi.  It was all great, even the Rocky Mountain Oysters (which were a first for me).  I would definitely go back again.  In fact, I'm ready now.
3	5 Stars for creative ambition in place where there really aren't that many places just trying to come up with different things so for that I'm going to break it down dish by dish. Still execution could be better and I wouldn't necessarily wait again for it.Souther Style Nachos - Fried chicken skins with cheese. This should be a grand slam in the you like rich food at a biological level, yet the chicken skins get soggy quick and the cheese congeals. There has to be a way to make the cheese less solid and the chicken more so.Gyro - Not as good as town tavern, maybe better than showmars but that's no standard to go by.Southern Fried Chicken Wings - these were legitimately great. Good size, juicy through the middle, great breading. Get them if you go.Pork Belly Tacos - I like the watermelon on it but the texture is much to hard. The whole point of pork belly is to have it be incredibly soft. If you over cook it, or cook it at too high of a heat and it gets rough you might as well eat a healthier cut of pork.Serrano and Machego Crustini - Bread was too thick and not toasted enough resulting in a pretty doughy concoction.Anchovy Fries - Chinese people do this with smelt and it works a lot better. Anchovies don't have the consistency to not get soggy and really just end up being too soggy. I grew up eating these at home and was really disappointed Lamb Meatballs - Just too tough. Probably needs more bread and less time in the oven.Flatbread - Too rich, not enough texture.These reviews may sound too hash but if you're going to try to do new an interesting things basic execution is paramount. The positive is that these are all problems that can be fixed with practice while good ideas don't' come out of nowhere.
4	Whenever my wife and I feel like doing something lounge-esque but don't feel like dealing with the douchebaggery (from both men and women) that passes for the norm at bars and clubs on Tryon Street, we'll venture to Soul Gastrolounge for good food, stiff cocktails, and some well-chosen chillout music. Soul Gastrolounge, thankfully, is devoid of the bling-ridden, obnoxious pretension that soulless dead ends like Cosmos Cafe is so guilty of. Here, you'll find a mix of urban professionals, hipsters, regular joes, all walks, so to speak. You won't be made to feel out of place here. The staff, from the hostess to the waitstaff, are very friendly; the waiter who served us the last time around offered a few suggestions that were first-rate, and he did so with cheerful aplomb. Did I just use the word "aplomb?" Of course, expect crowds on a Friday or Saturday night, but if you time it just right, you can get a table right after 9pm or so, when patrons fool enough to go hit the bars and clubs on Tryon vacate their tables. Suckas.I love the vibe here. Dimly lit, but not dark, the music loud enough but not deafening, and, yeah, it's crowded on Friday and Saturday nights, but you never get the feel that you've got someone brushing up against you. Unless you like having someone brush up against you. Whatever works, son.The food itself is the attraction for me. Soul Gastrolounge takes its culinary cue from the classic tapas bar set-up; you're hungry, but you don't want a big meal, you want something you and your party can pick on and share together. There's definitely much on the menu in terms of appetizers and tapas to choose from. The sushi is also quite spectacular, surprising for a non-sushi restaurant.I particularly enjoy eating and drinking on the balcony. At night, you're blessed with an uncluttered view of uptown Charlotte. The balcony's a bit crowded, since it's quite narrow, but the view's pretty nice, plus, if you're lucky, you'll get to see the freight train come across the heart of Central Avenue.Honestly, I'd eat at Soul Gastrolounge any time, even when we're not feeling lounge-y. This is one of my favorite places to eat in town.
5	Big fan of Soul!  Went on a date on a Tuesday night.  A bit tight for a date- tables are close together.  We quickly realized the couple next to us was also on a date by the awkward convos haha!!  We did antipasti salad and a bunch of different skewers, all awesome.  My fav was the chimichurri beef.  Yummmmmm!!!!  Service was good, very hipster crowd as far as employees.  Mixed crowd as far as customers.  Excited to try it again!
5	Soul is too sexy for me. Soul is that too cool for school always a little more fashion forward than you kid. Their mixed drinks are simply divine and I adore their cucumber water. Such a little touch. But so refreshing. Yes, it is a struggle to find where to park (come on all hipsters just ride their bikes anyway) but once you traverse upstairs its worth it. Start with ahi tuna tacos, or lamb lollipops, or the surprisingly ample portioned cheese plate. Heck, start with anything. Finish with a cupcake. Got to love a place with a stuffed peacock on the wall that serves sushi and cupcakes and a hosts a monthly drag queen disco brunch. Get here early. Don't forget your skinny jeans and fedora.
5	Everything was closed when we arrived at Charlotte so we gave up on the hopes of having a great meal on our first night at Charlotte. But to our surprise, this "Tapas" bar/lounge was an absolute surprise. The food here was deliciously a breath of fresh taste buds. Everything on the menu was amazing. I truly recommend the pork belly taco because it was out this world. The vibe of this joint was extremely chill/hip, and the service was exceptional. I can't wait to check this joint out in the near future.
5	Beyond what I expected . It's always great to be in such cultural diverse surroundings and be able to put that diversity to your on your menu . The food was beyond awesome and the service was phenomenal..... Try it .. s/n the music was wonderful as well. I'll be going back
5	Love this place, amazing food! Everything on the menu is great. The atmosphere is very cool, and the staff is always very nice. One of the best places in Charlotte. Yes, the fish tacos are to die for.
5	Oh man, where do I start? Okay, so I went here for my 28th birthday with my family. The atmosphere is dark but comforting. I don't remember much else about the decor as I was so interested in the food in which I was about to partake! With that said, this place has some very tasty dishes. We began the night with some sushi, which were as good as could be. Then we moved on to 'the good stuff'. I ordered the pork belly tacos, omagherrd. Also got to try the baked cheese plate dealy thingy, it's like three or four cheeses melded together bathed in a Brandy, sooo goood. I have yet to try the Lamb Lollys but hear they're amazing. :) Give this one a try for sure! You won't be disappointed! Top 10 in Charlotte for sure.
5	Best Tapas Ever. The drinks ain't cheap, but the food is reasonably priced. The brunch menu is delicious as wellI wish I lived in Charlotte so I could eat here more often,
5	This place is amazing. One of the best Tapas restaurants I've ever been to. I highly recommend it.
5	Very good food. Had 4 people in the party total and we share lots of awesome food. First time here and we will be back
4	Came here on a late night date during the week, hoping their kitchen was still open, I was pleasantly surprised to see they served food until 2am! Small plates, BIG taste! Their fusion of Greek, Spanish, Asian and American cuisine is always a reason I keep coming back. I find myself ordering half of the menu just to try everything I possibly can! The stuffed piquillo peppers and goat cheese is one of my favorites as well as the Hummus. The ambiance is perfect for a late night date, or a chill gathering to enjoy smooth house music and good company. With a choice between tables, outdoor seating or couches, this place provides the setting for a very good night.
4	I've been to Soul 3 different times and every time I leave wanting to tell others to join me on the next visit. This last time I ventured out of my comfort box and ordered the  asian glazed pork belly tacos with watermelon salsa. The dish came with two small corn tortillas, one cube of pork belly and a cube of watermelon. This one bite wonder melted in my mouth and made me want to dive into the next one. I'm not typically a meat eater but when my companion told me it was worth trying, it didn't take much to convince me. I also had the white bean and goat cheese hummus, mainly because I love anything with cheese and also because the waitress said it was her favorite. I was a little disappointed with it though when it turned out to be bland and I couldn't even taste a hint of the goat cheese. We also ordered the flatbread which was good. To top it off we ordered the cupcake of the day. I don't remember exactly what kind it was but it was made with cornmeal and had some sort of cream on top with blackberries. The cupcake was very moist and tasted so good after eating the tapas. I always recommend this place to anyone looking to try something new. It's often hard to find a seat here unless you go early. Well worth it.
2	Haven't been to Soul in a while so decided to go recently. Previously have been 4-5 times, the food is going down hill IMHO.If you are going to call yourself a "Gastrolounge" the gastro part better be good, consistent, and well prepared. Was seated at the bar because there was a 30 min wait, fine.Bartenders were good enough. Ordered pork belly tacos, and flat breadWhile waiting for the order, I watch the saute guy eating and touching places he shouldn't while he's was cooking customer's food. Nice ! ... If you work in an open kitchen, you Must be more presentable and conscientious ! I notice the health dept. score, is a 93 ... are you kidding me?   especially in a place that serves raw product.....the report is on line.The food comes ...The flat bread was soggy  undercooked, too much topping, and had arugula on it that  should not have been served.Pork belly tacos were good, but nothing spectacular.We were seated at the table, Collette did a great job ... she gets 4 stars.Tuna skewer , 1 skewer was well cooked on all sides, rare in the middle, 1 was barely seared on 1 side, and completely raw. The tuna was seriously not fresh.Beef skewer, not bad, but had to ask for s&p as there was absolutely no seasoning on the meat, the chimichurri was oily and bland.Korean chicken wings, good flavor and well cooked, but didn't strike me as even slightly "Korean"Soul is very popular but I think but I think the kitchen needs serious help.Meh, I have experienced better....
4	Took my parents to Soul yesterday (Sunday) for mom's birthday brunch.  We just got done with the never-ending halls at the Christmas show.  I was defying all traffic laws and regulations just to make it here before 3 (brunch is from 11-3). As I was dashing into the door at 7mins before 3, they sat us at one of the loungy couch area immediately.  The waiter knew we were to order brunch and took our orders promptly and calmly.  He was very attentive and helpful through our meal.  Definitely thumbs up on the service (I forgot to catch his name)We shared 3 dishes: shrimp and grits, chicken and waffle, and southern biscuit with gravy and sausage (added an egg for $1).  Here is my verdict on the food:Best dish is chicken and waffle.  3 small pieces (2 pieces of wings and 1 thigh meat) fried super crispy yet moist (at least the wings I was eating). The waffle is fluffy. All for $9 which is quite reasonable. Best side item is sage rope sausage. Very tasty. I can probably eat an entire plate of them. Not too salty, the casing is just crispy enough. Just simple pork greatness. Worst side item is biscuit.  I guess I am used to flaky buttery bo biscuit. This is a little chewy and doughy.  Least worthy dish is the shrimp and grits.  It wasn't horrible, but for $12 it was disappointing. It looks and smells like awesomeness in a bowl, yet it was more bland than I would ever imagine. Granted not everything was great (hence not a 5 stars review), I will definitely come back for another brunch. Comparing to nearby places, I find this place more economic and food choices more appealing.
2	I've been to Soul at least 4 times in the last year and every time I have gone it's been a bad experience.  It's a cute spot in Plaza so I always try to give it a chance, but the management and staff are terrible.  Management is young with no training and no experience.  Hostesses are so relaxed and do not care about customers.  The bartenders openly make fun of people in the restaurant.  As for the wait, there is always one! I've been twice when the booths have been available but because my group wasn't at least 4 people, they've asked us to wait.  One time we literally waited 45 minutes with no one sitting at two of the booths.   I've been at different times and days and it's always the same.  My last visit we were there at 6:00 pm on a Wednesday with several open tables but none available for two people so they lost our business. I gave Soul two stars because their food is unique.
4	Great place to hangout nice atmosphere with great music. We frequently go to Soul great brunch,and dinning, we highly recommend Soul as one of our favorite restaurants.
5	Ate dinner at the Peculiar Rabbit on a friend's suggestion, but wish I ate here instead. We popped in for a drink and were welcomed very warmly by the hostess. The DJ was playing some very cool lounge music. The bartenders-awesome! The guys gave my friends and I great recommendations and were very fun to chill with. I WILL be back for sushi and their brunch sometime in the near future!!
5	I'm just going to say what needs to be said- Soul is the best restaurant in Charlotte. They made a mean dirty martini and the pork belly tacos are ridiculously addictive. I think the fact that I'm willing to wait well over an hour  to be seated (which is usually WAY beyond my waiting threshold), says something about how amazing this place is. Go and you won't be disappointed!
4	Went here on a first date on a Saturday night and it was completely packed. We were told that the wait would be an hour and 15 minutes and decided to wait it out and grab a drink downstairs at gallery 22 since they had an ipad and would text us when our table was ready. After over an hour and a half we went back upstairs to check on our table situation and there were multiple tables open outside. We asked them what was going on and they said that the could seat us right away. Once we were seated we were greeted in a timely manner by our waitress. The drink menu had some very interesting selections but none of the "go to" drinks that were easily identifiable. We ordered tapas and a sushi roll. The tapas were great but the sushi was very unremarkable. The service and overall atmosphere was great.
5	I've already told my friends that Soul will be my first stop when I move back to Charlotte next month - it's THAT good.  I literally haven't eaten one bad thing here, and I've been more times than I can count.Favorites? goat cheese bruschetta, shrimp ceviche, chimichurri beef skewers, fried meatballs, and of course the sashimi tuna tacos. Be prepared to wait a bit for a table (I once had to wait 2 hours at 9 pm on a Friday night), but believe me it's worth it.
5	Great place, enough said! First, a bit of advice: be prepared to wait for a while for a table on a Friday or Saturday night, and by a while I mean 1.5-2 hours. The atmosphere is very hip, and the patio/balcony dining space was really interesting. The crowd was younger, which made the experience very fun and energetic.Regardless, the food is definitely worth the wait. We had a sashimi tuna taco, slow-cooked ribs, grilled chicken skewer, and a tuna sushi roll. I would describe the food as the best of East meets West. Especially the ribs and chicken skewer-- the presentation, the taste, dressings, and sauces reminded me a lot of Japan, where every detail matters. So much so that I kept saying the owner's must have lived in Japan for a while, but it turns out the owner is Greek...I was way off!I would highly recommend the tapas over the sushi. The sushi's really just mediocre.
5	This place is awesome. Very creative and great quality food. Pork belly tacos are one of the best things I've ever eaten. The flatbread is awesome too.
5	This is a place I have driven by many times but did not notice.  After finding out it is a popular spot, we finally made a stop.  I love this wonderful spot!  The atmosphere is great, comfy, and as another reviewer, the music is incredible; it makes you take notice!  Our server was great and well informed.  It always helps when the waiter has personally tasted the dishes being served.  Since we could not possibly experience everything on the menu, we had:- grilled caesar salad: 4/5- white bean/goat cheese dip:  4/5 (served cold but it grows on you)- Korean BBQ wings (not spicy at all, more sweet):  5/5- salted caramel-popcorn buttercream cupcake:  4/5- Punto Final Malbec (Argentina):  5/5We ordered the sashimi tuna tacos as well, but they never made it to the table...next visit but I really didn't mind.  Soul has a small but adequate wine listing and the couple we ordered were delightful.  This is a hip but inviting spot to hang out for something to eat and drink in the Plaza-Midwood area and I always enjoy great spots that my fellow reviewers love!  Best regards...
4	On my first visit to this Charlotte hot spot I cannot add anything bad to the raving reviews. they're all true. Every small plate we had was delicious, the wine list had some great choices although a couple were not available.I recommend getting there early or on an off night as this place seems to be very popular for very good reason.You should go and be prepared to enjoy some delicious food. One warning, the bill adds up very quickly even though you are having small plates.
5	Pros:  Food = 5 Stars and is not typicalCrowd= wonderful and excitingNoise=Bar setting but more like a unorthodox restaurant/loungedrinks=great and decent price for sizeCons:You have to walk up steps to get there.  That may be a inconvenience to some people.
5	I haven't eaten here NEARLY as much as I would like.  But the times I have have all been amazing.  Stranded in midwood one night soon after soul's opening, I met up with some friends who were going there for dinner.  Since my only other choice was to sit alone at common market, I followed them, and I was not sorry.  I had one of their sushi rolls...which roll it was is lost in the mist of time and many killed brain cells.  I do remember that it was a little spicy, a little creamy, a little crunchy, and I DEVOURED it.  I wasn't able to return until almost 4 years later, but I watched the twitter feed and my mouth watered at every special they posted.  Finally I was able to go there for brunch.  We shared the truffle fries which were amazing.  I don't know if they come with a dipping sauce, but we didn't get one, and we didn't need one.  I had the chicken and waffles and I once again devoured every bit.  It was also very reasonably priced for the amount of food.  I got a mimosa but I wish I had gotten a bloody mary because my friend's was delicious and came with all sorts of pickled goodies.  Oh, also, they put a cucumber slice in the water, which is like a double boost of hydration for those of us who may or may not be - ahem - dehydrated from the night before.  Soul, I love you!!!
5	This place is one of my favorites here in Charlotte.  I could honestly visit here anytime of the week and be happy with it.  Great vibe, crowd and food!  Makes me feel like I am in NYC instead of Charlotte.  Definitely recommend checking out.
4	Randomly stopped by with a friend late on a Sunday night. Pleasantly surprised.  DJ was spinning some great tunes & the place was croweded. My friend knew the chef, who sent over a sampling of some Tapas. Very very nice. Staff was friendly & the environment was alot of fun. I've been to Good Food on Montford Dr. & this place is definitely up there with food quality. Look forward to going back again. Definitely worth checking out!
5	Great service, ask for Fletcher. I encourage you to ask questions about the menu. The meatballs are he best you will ever have.
4	Soul was recommended by friends from Charlotte and it did not disappoint! After another restaraunt closely botched our reservation, we came to Soul and were seated immediately despite how crowded it was. The service was nicely done from start to finish. Some highlights on the menu: pork belly tacos (maybe one of the most unique bites that I've ever had), the tuna tacos, the dirty south nachos (very unique concept and well executed), lamb lollipop, flatbread, and the replay roll. Everything was fresh and delicious. I also tried the ramen, which was a special, and it was good, but not as tasteful as the other dishes that our group ordered. I'm looking forward to coming back to Soul the next time I'm in Charlotte. The cucumber in the water was a nice touch!
5	Again, Soul does not disappoint.  I finally went back last night after a 7-month hiatus because I was living abroad, and the food was actually better than I remember.We ate the sashimi tuna tacos, goat cheese bruschetta (I can't help but get both of these each time I go), the sushi special, and the oh-my-goodness these are the best things I've ever had pork belly tacos.  Now don't get me wrong, the sashimi tuna tacos are amazeballs, but I just found my new favorite dish at Soul.  The melt in your mouth pork belly and refreshing watermelon were such a perfect combination that I didn't even care when my date pointed out that I had dripped grease all over the front of my dress.I've had the same waiter almost every time and he is great as always.  Very knowledgeable about the menu, attentive, and fun to interact with.
4	Love this place, good food and atmosphere.  Love the veal short ribs and the ceviche is soooo good! Great place to get a lot of everything! Bartender remembered us when we came back in only to have met us once a month before! Easy latenight "go to" spot
5	Fun, high-energy atmosphere, good drinks, delicious food. Last time, we split Babaganoush, Southern Fried Oysters and sushi (Eel Roll, Crunch Roll and Queen Charlotte Roll) and some strong, yet tasty cocktails. Sushi, seafood and tapas are three of my favorite things in the world, plus awesome music + DJs... so much love.
5	Huxley and I tuckered in, situating ourselves cross-splayed at one of the dark-wood tables lining the near wall of Soul's narrow upstairs veranda. She slowly lowered her sunglasses and thumbed back a wayward strand of her salted, birch-blond bangs. She squinted to the morning light diffusing in through the muddled plastic of the zipper-tent enclosing the balcony. "It's a such a gorgeous day," she said. "It stings."I nodded. It was a spectacular February morning, bright, clean and full up with that heavy brisk that forms in the hours just before the cold air of lingering night completely gives way to the warm mug of day. I ran my hands across my face. I looked up to Hux's squinted eyes, her splotchy cheeks, her ragged clumps of unwashed hair. We shared a commiserating smile. Presently, our waitress approached - a rangy sprite, narrow and straight, with a black bob, olive skin, and the most adorable pair of black-framed lenses perched atop her strong nose. Quintessential midwood mistress, quirky and divine. She absconded to fetch our coffee, and Hux and I reflected: Soul is two restaurants in one. At night, it's a swarming lounge, swollen with music and laughter and flavor and abated light. Tapas dance cruel and sushi rolls mean and the pork-belly tacos punch you right in the gut. But for me, it's the drinks, dear god, the Basil Smashes and the red red wines, they flow so fast and so readily, and it's impossible not to, in an instant, drink yourself drunk. Soul, at night, is not a restaurant to be dined casually. It's a force to reckon; it's a bright hot swill. And if you let it, it'll always take you where you want to be. But then there's that other Soul. That once a week daylight binge, the Sunday brunch, the counterpoint to your drunk drunk nights. Haggard with heads low and eyes tight and feet ashuffle, skittering down the cracked sidewalk, all the denizens of the late-night world awake and wander together, inexorably drawn here, to this place, this dazzling place, that opens itself up to us in its most vulnerable hours to feed our faces with the most glorious menu of hang-over spurnables your wasted mind could imagine. Our waitress returned with our coffee and cream. I delighted. Huxley ordered the scrambled egg pierogies; I went with the shrimp and grits. We sipped our brew, strong, warm and rich, for a bit, until, in too little time, our waitress returned. "So..." she began, "the kitchen is a little out of sorts this morning...  we're out of pierogies." "That's fine," Hux said, so sweet and demure. "I'll have the mac and cheese."We soaked up the warming air and forced our eyes to let in a little more of the morning light. I turned sideways in my chair and leaned my head and shoulders back against the brick wall. I looked up and admired the amber light seeping from the antique sconces stationing the upper perimeter. "I love this place," Huxley said, gazing dream-faced out into the steadily enlivening miasma of Central ave. I smiled. "Me too." "Can we order mimosas?"I glanced down at my watch; it was ten to noon. "Nope, not yet." Our waitress returned with our plates: I was presented with a magnificently arranged tray set upon with fried building blocks of sweet southern grits, smothered in shrimp and andouille and a spicy cream; Hux was handed a messy little cast-iron bowl of corkscrew macaroni drenched in hot white cheddar and topped with bacon and chive, and it was all the best and worst things she or I could desire. Our hearts swelled and our throats filled up and we salivated like wild, unfettered things. Without care or consideration, we devoured. Savory delights not fit for any creatures such as ourselves, not on that morning, not after that night, but that's what Soul brunch is... that's what it does. It fixes you, it heals you, it restores in you whatever semblances and sensibilities the previous night had taken away. It fills you full, deep and complete, with exactly what you need. The waitress returned, two tall cylinders of nectar in hand, and placed them on the table. "Sorry about the pierogies," she said. "These are on the house." I gaped, I gawked, I mooned those two glasses. Juice and champagne, a marriage of substances not easily rivaled, the crowning gesture of an exceptional morning. "Mimosas..." I said in a slur. I let the sound roll round my mouth and spill purposefully from my lips. "Mimosas." I spit and I toiled and let myself get all riled up with it. "Mimosas!" Hux reached out and put her hand on my wrist. "Calm down." I grinned, a jackal, and threw back half my glass, the bubbly sweet and acid all so perfect together, so perfect in my mouth. I looked down at Hux, that girl, that vision, her and all her colors, opaline and prismatic, that oval face, the curves of those crazy lips, and that hair there just dancin', blowin'. "No, you calm down," I said to her. The quirky waitress got a really good tip.
5	3 words: Pork Belly Tacos. Just do it. You won't be sorry!!!!!!!! There was truly a party in my mouth after eating them. Couldn't stop thinking about how amazing they tasted. Such a cool, fun & funky vibe in this tiny (too tiny) 2nd floor spot. Just order 4 or 5 things & split them all. Or not since they're tapas. Their wknd brunch is awesome too. I had a breakfast panini, which was absolutely amazing...berries & cream cheese...who doesn't love that all melty & gooey goodness?
4	Interesting!Came back finally for New Years Eve party. Different feel this time, because of the music was catered to the event. All in all, definitely a place worth visiting!The servers were nice and attentive. One bartender was able to catch a bottle of amaretto with one hand, without it hitting the ground. Good reflex!Was not able to try the food, again this time -- boo! We seem to come at the wrong time. So hint! It will take a while to get your food after 10pm. So come early! Will update more, with food in my belly from this place!
5	If you're looking for culinary excellence in Charlotte, this is definitely a spot you need to check out. The flavors each dish brings will not only blow your mind but also your taste buds. It should definitely be known that each item is small and invokes it's diners to order many plates and share amongst themselves.But if you decide to eat here, the ASIAN GLAZED PORK BELLY TACOS are a must order with the SALMON-O-PITA a close second. On the drink side, their bartenders have an exquisite pallet to create drinks with multiple levels of flavor.
5	Holy mother of Noms. I had gone to meet Michael G's sister (Lauren G) for dinner in the historic neighborhood of Plaza Midwood.   It's quite a hard place to find, as it's on the second floor of an old building. For starters we had got the , Goat Cheese bruschetta, and some preposterous Sushi Tempura. Non sequitur... I don't usually say these kind of things, but Soul is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in my life.  I mean there was a party in my mouth.Ok..back to the food.  Round 2.  Lamb lollipops inappropriately named (in a good way), cuz we ate them in one chomp.  Pork Belly Tacos...Let me tell you, that pig lived a good life.  So tender. To top it off for dessert, we had the Vietnamese Coffee ice cream.  Overall one of the best culinary experiences EVER.
5	If you love good music, atmosphere and tapas this is the place to be! The steak and egg is the greatest! I would eat 10 of them if I could.
3	Food and service at Soul is too up and down, well the service is mostly bad. The food is great I'd say about 60% of the time but if the service is that bad the food has to be better than 60%. The atmosphere is great and the patio has a good view.
4	I don't know where to begin but this place is amazing and the food is great. I'm a huge fan of lamb and few places do lamb dead on but this place nailed it. They offer a good cheese plate but they should use better or different toasts or crackers. The atmosphere was very relaxed and chill. This place got packed around 10:00pm on the inside. The waiting staff was very good with timing between checking up on us and good knowledge of their foods. We didn't stick around for dessert though, we went else where for that.We spent three hours there when it felt like a hour.I'd strongly recommend that anyone take the time to try this place out.
5	This place is one of my favorites Charlotte!  Whether it's a Saturday night or a Wednesday Happy Hour, the food is always amazing and the drinks always cold.Try the Soul Roll and the Pork Belly Tacos- neither will disappoint.
4	Amazing food, INCREDIBLE drinks, very fun atmosphere. Only negative was the noise. It was so loud that that we almost had to yell to each other at the table.
5	Went here based solely on the wonderful reviews online and I was not disappointed. Food was excellent. I got the flatbread and the mini burgers. Both were delicious. My drinks were delicious as well. Next time I'm in Charlotte I will most certainly be visiting again!
4	Wow. This is, hands down, one of the best restaurants in Charlotte. After being told about it constantly, I finally made my way there. Since my first visit three weeks ago, I have been back 3 times (thats how good the Pork Belly Tacos are). Along with the pork belly tacos, the other 8 plates at my table including the ahi tuna tacos, steak skewers, the crunchy roll, lamp lollipops, and all the other items were all absolutely delicious - nothing disappointed. While I clearly love the food, the service is attentive and the ambiance is really eclectic and comfortable also making for a great experience. However, Soul only got $ stars from me because for even such an amazing restaurant, the three hour wait was a little overkill. I got forced into waiting, because yes I like it that much, but since you can sit and eat, talk, and drink for so long, people end up hanging around forever. For not having that many tables and being permitted to sit for 4 hours, if you so choose, the place gets a bit cluttered and you end up waiting a long time. I guess when people agree to wait for three hours to eat there, they dont really care but the amount of extra business they could be doing is unfortunate. But if I leave you with anything...its get the pork belly tacos!!
4	Great pork belly tacos.Small plates nice to try many items.Has good energy buzzing.Definitley will be returning next time in Charlotte.
4	I've been for disco drag queen brunch on Sunday and dinner on Friday - this place is great. Terrific atmosphere to relax and enjoy good conversation and great food.
4	My husband and I have been wanting to try Soul since they opened, and decided our 1 year anniversary this past weekend was the perfect occasion. We arrived at 8:00pm on a Monday and were surprised to find out there was a 30 minute wait. Around 30 min later we were sat at the bar and the food was more than worth the wait.We started out with four dishes; Baba Ghanoush dip, anchovy bruschetta, lamb cheek profiteroles, and curried lamb skewers. The Baba ghanoush with pita chips was smoky and spicy, probably the best I've ever had. The marinated Spanish white anchovies on Bruschetta were refreshing, lite, and full of flavor, everything on the bruschetta was super fresh. The profiteroles for me were by FAR the highlight of the meal and one of the top 5 dishes I've ever eaten in my life. The kitchen was on point because everything on this plate was perfection. It was the first time I've had savory profiteroles which I thought was very creative, they were stuffed with tender lamb cheek, mushroom jam, and a foie gras  mousse. The three ingredients just kind of melted together and although the portion was small, they were so rich that it really ended up being the perfect amount. I would normally have a heart attack after paying $18 for 3 golf ball sized "sandwiches" but these were so good that we will probably order them every time we go back! The last dish of our first go around was the curried lamb skewers with mango chutney. The lamb was cooked and seasoned well, but there wasn't anything necessarily special about the lamb itself. But, the mango chutney was perfection, and we probably could've eaten a few bowls of that on its own. The pairing of the curry with the sweetness of the mango worked perfectly and definitely elevated the flavor of the lamb.Our second go around we ordered the Rocky Mountain Oysters, Sakana Roll, and Korean BBQ wings. The choice of the Rocky Mountain Oysters was really just out of curiosity. I always see Food Network hosts eating them when they're in Colorado and I was curious to taste them. They were perfectly cooked and incredibly tender, but I just did not care for the taste. They were good and my husband ended up eating the whole plate, but there is nothing in this world I hate more than liver, and although very mild, they did have a slight liver taste. The Sakana roll was pretty good and I really liked the combination of sauces that they served it with. Finally we had the Korean BBQ wings which were cooked perfectly. They were tender, very moist, and very flavorful.The only disappointment of the night was dessert. I was eyeing the goat cheese ice cream since I first opened up the menu and when we ordered it the waitress told us they no longer make that flavor and we must have received an old menu. That was kind of a buzzkill, but we moved on and ordered the Vietnamese coffee ice cream. This is definitely not a cheap restaurant, but up until dessert, everything we ordered was more than worth the price. The ice cream scoop was $4 and it was about a 3oz scoop barely larger than a golf ball. I guess we're kind of picky because we make ice cream at home a lot, but our 1st shot at Vietnamese coffee ice cream was better than that. It was not a huge deal, just kind of anticlimactic after such delicious savory dishes.My husband also ordered an Old Fashioned and said it was delicious. Lastly, the DJ was fantastic and one of the highlights of the night. We were seated right in front of him which was entertaining, and he was playing old school records all night which was the perfect type of music to accompany our food!All in all it was one of the best meals we've ever had and cannot wait to go back. My husband thinks we can try the whole menu in 3 more visits, which I think is a bit ambitious, but I'm sure we will get there eventually!
3	Soul is unique with some good/interesting food options.  I wish I had a drink here, as they all looked great, but I had plenty the day before, so I wasn't feeling up to it.  I even saw Bob the Bartender slinging drinks from behind the bar, so that is always a great sign.We tried to go here a number of times, but the place is small, there is always a long wait, so get there early, (i.e. before dinner time) if you want to sit immediately.I started off with the Pork Belly Tacos, and they were amazing.  I would suggest splitting these, though, as they get heavy on your stomach pretty quick.  Especially if you are going to sample other menu items.The fried cheese was also great.  I ended up just eating by itself, rather than on the bread.The service was slightly below average, as it seems like they serve their food in batches (e.g. they make a large batch of pork bell tacos and everyone gets it at the same time regardless of when you ordered), and our server was mostly absent.The big down sides are 1) getting a seat, and 2) sitting on the lap of absolute strangers once you do get a seat.  I really hate cramped seating, so next time I would try and get their 1-2 booths that have.I would love to come back here for some drinks, but I would target an afternoon or an off peak time.
4	Tried out the place for brunch. It was a 45 minute wait at 1:00pm so we were able to find 2 chairs at the bar. The bartender was very, very accomodating when we wanted to order an omelette to order and the kitchen wouldn't let us. Apparently you can ONLY order what is on the menu because the kitchen is very small and they just don't have the means to make things to order. We attempted to order something off the menu and the kitchen said they were out. The bartender made a recommendation and kept filling our mimosas for free. I love this place for dinner but brunch was just as good. Huge portions and the stuffed sage sausage french toast is devine.
4	My friends and I met for drinks and date night with our hubbies. It was my first time, I loved the vibe and atmosphere! Our drinks were on point and music was great! Then the food came, everything was shared and very tasty! My only regret was not ordering more food before the kitchen closed. Oh well, next time!
4	The chicken and lamb skewers were really really succulent and tasty. The other things i had were good too. The ambience was pretty lively ( read: noisy ) but it was Friday night so sort of expected it.The only cons are the long waits and no parking . Paid $5 for a spot a block away :(
4	Ventured over to Soul last night for a lite bite with a friend.  I'm so glad I did.  It was a great experience.  The service was friendly, the food was very good (for the most part) and the price was right in my opinion.It was packed for a Thursday night..they had a 45 minute wait but we were seated at the bar immediately.  Our server was super friendly and he was very attentive the whole evening. We tried the white bean/goat cheese dip---pretty good, small portion and couldn't really taste the goat cheese but it was decent.  The pita chips were a little stale.Next we tried the curried lamb skewers with mango chutney....this was the show stopper....SOOOOO good!  The lamb was cooked perfectly and the flavoring was not too spicy/hot...it was just perfect...SOO on point!  I HIGHLY recommend trying it!!We also tried a tuna roll...I can't remember the name but it had cream cheese, it was flash fried, had jalapeno and something else....it was excellent.  Fresh, tasty, just enough crunch, etc.  Lastly, we tried their newest cupcake addition....it was a dark chocolate cupcake with carmel on the top with whipped cream.  This was the biggest disappointment of the night.  The cupcake was dry as could be with ZERO flavor.  If you closed your eyes to take a bite you wouldn't know what flavor you were sampling.  It might be the worst cupcake I have ever tried.  I noticed they pistachio ice cream on the menu and I should have gone with my first instinct and ordered that instead.  Steer clear of their cupcakes...they are not worth the $4. Overall...like everyone has repeatedly stated...great atmosphere, fun people-watching, good food and just an overall solid spot.  I'll be back.
4	Have been wanting to check this place out for a while and so glad I finally did! Awesome service...sat at the bar...the curry lamb skewers with mango chutney was to die for and surprising the sushi was amazing as well. Got a cupcake to top the night off and it sadly was no good...lacked flavor but overall I would definitely go ahead!
5	Maybe I don't get out as much as I used to since we had kids, maybe it was the prospect of a well-deserved and overdue date night with the wife, but this was one of the top 10 meals of my life.Pork belly tacos, ahi tuna skewers, beef chimichurri skewers, korean BBQ wings were all amazing. My wife loved the tuna sashimi tacos as well. Showed up around 7:00 PM on Saturday night and had to wait a reasonable 30 minutes because we wanted to sit inside and it was well worth it. The ambiance inside is great for date night, can easily hear your companion but its not definitely buzzing in there so you don't feel bad laughing and having a good time.Would highly recommend this place. I think 4 people would probably be the max i would bring considering there aren't that many tables unless you're willing to wait a while, the place doesn't take reservations. Owner told us this place gets really busy around 8:30 PM on Saturday, so would try and get there early in the night if you can. He also told us you can call and put your name down on the list when you're on the way..My wife and I LOVED this place and hope to be back soon!
5	I concur with everything regarding dinner so I will review breakfast.The Sunday brunch is one of the best breakfast experiences I have ever had. Groovy Sunday morning music plays at a good volume as the DJ spins classics, Every item on the menu is decadent and amazing. The bloody mary's and mint juleps pull no punches. And every item is an urgent wake up alarm brimming with flavor and attention to detail.I think I am addicted. Soul's brunch turns a hungover Sunday into a downright religious experience as we commune at the bacchian temple of good times, good drinks, and good food.
5	So I got drunk one night in Charlotte and made some new friends.* Whenever there was a lull in our magniloquent discourse on the finer points of the economy, microbiology and NASCAR, I'd ask them where I might find the best meal in Charlotte. There was a lot of hemming and hawing from most people, but about 40% of them instantly pointed me toward Soul.That kind of percentage can't be ignored, so when I was able to drag myself out of bed the next morning, I headed over for brunch. I must admit that Soul and I got off on the wrong foot because they refused to serve me liquor before noon. However, once our server was able to gasp out (past my hands wrapped around his windpipe) that it was North Carolina's ridiculous law rather than their personal decision, we moved past it. And everything from that moment on was perfect, because everything included their shrimp and grits. Our lovely waiter Marlon sold me on the dish, and it truly was architecturally interesting as he described. Instead of a bowl of shrimp and grits (as I'm used to), it was more like fried grit cubes with the shrimp and sauce poured over. And it was beautiful, rich, salty amazingness. The only downside was that I wanted more. (Her french toast panini was nothing to sneeze at either, but I'm a savor-tooth tiger to the core.)I'm sure it would've been a better brunch with a bloody mary, but this was a meal I'll eat every time I'm in Charlotte, and you probably should too. _________________*Depending on your perspective, I suppose you could say that I bothered a lot of strangers.
5	Is it ok if I say that this is my favorite place in Charlotte? Well...non-Asian place that is ;)You enter the room and you are transported to a chic restaurant in a hip city such as New York or LA! There is absolutely NOTHING on the menu that is less that awesome. I personally love the truffle fries, Napoleon sushi roll, wings, skewers,etc, etc. Yum! They also have a cool selection of beers, wine, and cocktails that are worth trying. If you're looking for a fun, vibrant, place where you'll also meet cool new people and eat scrumptious food, come to Soul!!
4	This is among my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. The Queen Charlotte roll is my personal favourite. It does get extremely crowded at nights so If you're at the bar, ask for Stephanie. She is a solid bar tender who will make you smashing special cocktails that aren't on the menu. Enjoy. But be prepared to buy more than 3 tapas per person or you will spend a lot and leave hungry.
5	This place is awesome! Fun environment, great cocktails and the food is amazing! I love how you can order so many different items off the menu and just split it with everyone! It's cool because you can try so many new things. App size servings are great!
5	This place really impressed me. I absolutely loved every aspect of it. It's a small and cozy size and dimly lit. It's got a really cool, eclectic vibe about it. Everything we ordered was delicious except for the eggplant dip. My friend and I savored every bite. We shared the truffle fries, the trio of dips (the tzatiki was fantastic), the chimichurri kebab, and the goat cheese & honey flatbread. I highly recommend this place and will be going back soon! I wouldn't bring large groups just because there isn't much seating available. And for sure come early. If you wait till past 7 there will be a long wait.
4	I came to Soul on a Saturday night at 8PM with three other ladies.  We knew they did not take reservations and were expecting a wait.  We were quoted 1.5 hours and decided to have some drinks at the bar.  The bar service was great.  After 1.5 hours of waiting I checked in with the hostess and she said there were four other groups in front of us.  A little after a 2 hour wait we got our table.  If the hostess had any thought of us waiting over 1.5 hours she should've quoted us that.  Honestly, that is the only huge negative thing I have to say about this restaurant.  Now, onto dinner.  The menu has a little bit of everything ranging from Greek to Asian to American food.  We ordered a lot of different things, but I will only list my favorites: the lamb lollipops, the Soul Roll, the pork belly tacos, and the brussel sprouts.  The server at our table was fast and attentive.  We did order dessert and I do not recommend the cupcake or the pistashio ice cream.  The cupcake was dry and the ice cream wasn't cold, yet it was solid.  Weird.  Overall, expect a long wait and a delicious meal, but please skip dessert.
4	We had been wanting to try Soul and finally made a visit for brunch. It was a pleasant experience all around and we're looking forward to trying the full dinner menu. The food was fresh and tasty, the drinks were mixed well, and the service was just right. Marlon was our server and he did a great job of balancing info and full glasses without overpowering. It was refreshing! We'll definitely be back.
5	We knew we wanted to take our friends from out of town somewhere delicious and unique, and I had this spot recommended to me time and time again. So we decided to try it out.We were not disappointed.We chose to sit inside, which was definitely the best choice. The atmosphere, the couches, and the lighting make the inside the better choice. Soul has a great lounge-feel with interesting music and amazing food & drinks to compliment.I had a glass of champagne, while others tried local beers. The champagne complimented the food well.For four of us, we ordered six tapas and all felt full afterwards (two men & two women in our group). I think when you're all snacking for an extended period of time, you tend to fill up and not feel like you need a full meal.We ordered:Porkbelly Watermelon Salsa Tacos: This was as incredible as everyone on Yelp says it is. It didn't look like much when we got it, but every bite was incredible. Two tacos come with this.French Fries with Truffle Oil: Could. Not. Stop. Eating.Dip Trio: Pretty good. I will probably forgo next time.Lamb Gyros on a Skewer: Yes, yes, yes.Soul Roll: Not nearly as spicy as I expected, but I can't really eat spicy foods so I thought it was perfect.Queen Charlotte: Seemed like one of the less adventurous rolls, but it was one of the best sushi rolls I've EVER had.I would bring anyone back to Soul and can't wait to go back myself. I love this place!
5	Have lived in Charlotte for almost a year, and have take a personal (if not misguided) initiative to eat in as many spots as I can.  Soul Gastrolounge has the best food I've had so far.First of all, the atmosphere is killer.  Dive bar meets hipster meets club meets food truck meets I don't know what else.  It's edgy and comfortable all at the same time.But the food.  Shared several rounds of small plates with a friend.  Pork belly tacos, pan con tomate, ahi tacos, some sort of bacon cream corn that fell from heaven, sushi that made me cry.  At some point we had dessert.  I could describe how they tasted, but I think I'll just stop and enjoy the memory again.  And plan my next trip.
5	Probably one of my favorite restaurants ever. It's a shame they don't have one in Atlanta! Great vibe, live DJ spins hip, chill mixes of fresh beats and slow jams. The bar was great and bartender made me a really unique cocktail after hearing that I'm a fan of Deaths Door. He used DD Gin, St.  Germaine, celery bitters, lemon and cracked black pepper garnish. It wasn't my kind of drink but I really loved it! Very inventive and flavorful. The food was excellent. Sushi that was super fresh, awesome ponzu. The pork belly watermelon tacos were stupid delicious and I tried Foie Gras for the first time. It was very buttery and extremely fatty but I enjoyed the tapas portion on a flakey mini roll. The avocado stack was my favorite. Elements of guacamole were present but it was a sliced avocado with minimal extras a super flavorful thin citrus dressing. Our table of 6 ordered an obscene amount of small plates and I cannot remember everything we ordered but I can say absolutely everything was amazing. Inventive, fresh, creative, executed well-- the wait staff and bartender were all super cool and chill. Not overly expensive and accommodating. What's not to love about this place?
5	Love the tapas idea here! And their cocktails are out if this world!
5	everything is great about this place. My only wish is that they expand soon to be able to handle the crowds that come in and have better lighting on the patio for night dinners. I love that they post their daily specials on facebook and twitter. Also their brunch is awesome.  I recommend the chicken and waffle for brunch. For dinner i always get the soul roll and the wings or the cheeseplate as an appetizer. All the drinks are unique and won't disappoint you.
5	LOVED this place! I had the best time at Soul, and the food was to die for. Our waitress was very nice, the wine was delicious, and although it was small and we had to sit at the bar to wait for a table for about 30 minutes, the bartenders were attentive and the time flew by. I can't wait to go again!
5	My heart and soul belong here. This place was the reason I moved into Plaza Midwood. The food is creative with surprising combinations of flavors and styles. The drinks are well-crafted and curated for quality. Soul has a quality that can't be imitated anywhere else. The mix is always intriguing with neighborhood hipsters, uptown sophiscates, local yokels, and out-of-towners. It is great to come here with friends,yet intimate enough for a date. It is one of the few places you can come alone and blend with the scene. It gets packed on the weekends so be ready for a wait, but it is fun to people watch in the meantime. My tip is to come earlier in the week because there are great djs every night. I loved my Monday nights with my boyfriend. We enjoyed the soulful spin of the dj and savoured our conversations without the frivolity of weekender distractions. I've since moved out state and miss my Soul.
5	This. Place. Is. Legit.. Seriously, I was in town for business, sat at the bar, and had an awesome experience. I went with the bartenders recommendation on three dishes- pork belly watermelon tacos, ahi tuna tacos served in homemade wonton shells, and hamachi tuna sashimi platter. Whoa. Completely dominated most Asian places I've been and does so with a totally chill laid back hipsterish vibe- exposed wood ceilings, chill music, cool people. Its location is up a random metal staircase  on a corner of a kinda weird area so you won't stumble upon it- you gotta know its there. And it's there. And it's spectacular. The only bias here for me is I'm greek and so is an owner- even though I didn't get anything greek there are a ton of Greece influenced dishes onthe menu- when I come back next quarter I can't wait to try them.
4	So, one of my Meetup groups had an outing planned here that I wasn't able to make but the name intrigued me.  Automatically I started thinking that I don't know if I would want to eat at a place that eludes to anything that is gastrointestinal related.  However, my curiosity continued to get the best of me despite the name, so I checked out the website.  I was impressed with what I saw.  I'm a crazy picky eater so there are some dishes on the menu that you couldn't pay me to try, but there were also several that excited my stomach.  I'm a music junkie so I became even more excited when I read that different local DJs hit the ones and twos every night!  I said to myself, "Self, we are so going to Soul Gastrolounge!"  One of my friends and I met up there on a Friday night around 9:00 and the place was packed!  There's a really cool outdoor patio that overlooks the street and inside is dimly lit and full of a laid-back, eccentric vide.  I thought to myself, "I've found where I belong (tear, sniffle, sniffle)."  My friend and I were told that we would have an hour and 15 minute wait, which normally would've sent us packing but we were fully committed.  So, we chose to wait at Twenty-Two (check out my review) which is right below S.G.When it was time for us to be seated we were lead to a bar right by the DJ booth (who was awesome btw).  Our server came by in a matter of seconds to take our drink orders and then we perused the menu.  Since I had already looked at it online I decided to order the Soul Wings (I wasn't feeling as adventurous that night but trust me I'll going back to try oh so much more.) and the french fries with garlic-herb salt, pecorino & truffle oil.  The wings were okay but I loved the fries.  Our server came back to check on us several times throughout our stay and was pretty darn amazing.  I'll definitely be back here.  The food options are just about limitless, reasonably priced and the service was awesome.  I say "YES" to Soul Gastrolounge and you should too!
5	Absolutely love Soul! The atmosphere is what makes the place my favorite- the cozy, funky, warm environment of sharing small plates throughout the night encourages conversation and sparks smiles!! :) This is always my #1 go to spot!
4	Really love the food and the service is typically great. I'm not going to lie, it takes a lot of $$ to leave feeling full. Love that there is a large selection for everyone from the most simple eater to the most daring. I love the cupcakes for dessert!
5	When somebody is visiting me in town..this is my spot to take them!!Ambience, food, vibe, drinks. Amazing place.Haven't had a chance to go in a couple months...I need to make a trip backI'm craving it....
4	food is amazing. tuna tacos are so good. if you are looking for service dont go there though. its worth the wait though.
3	We stopped in Charlotte for a night on the way back to NYC and were excited to try this restaurant based on all the amazing reviews. When we first got there, we were intrigued by the decor and atmosphere and didn't mind the wait (initially told it was going to be up to 1.5 hours, but that it could be much shorter). We left our phone number with the host and went to the bar next door for a drink. 45 minutes later, we called to check on our reservation and were told that they supposedly texted us 10 minutes prior as our table was ready (we did not get any texts). Either way, we came back and were promptly seated...albeit with only one menu for the four of us (I had to grab one myself from another table). This is when things really started going downhill, which is a shame because most of the food was pretty good.We all ordered drinks, but only two eventually arrived. We had to remind about the other two 20 minutes later when we realized nothing else was on its way. Then they continued to randomly bring out our tapas dishes without any thought to the order and with very long breaks in between. One of us didn't get any of her four orders for over 30 mins and had to watch others eat. There were two orders of grilled cheese and they came out 45 minutes apart after we inquired about the second one. They completely forgot a dish until we inquired about it at the end of our meal. Bone marrow was undercooked (they comped it on the bill without us saying anything about it, so we assume they knew). Our main waiter didn't remember anything any of us ordered and some orders were getting brought over by different people. Worst of all, we didn't receive much of an apology throughout the ordeal. All we got was a  dismissive "it's that kind of night."This is a real shame because this is a unique restaurant and lamb lollipops, sashimi, and tuna tacos were great. I recommend the bone marrow or the grilled cheese. But at these prices, this type of service is really unacceptable at an establishment that has been open for a while and has had time to work out the kinks.
5	The food at Soul is outstanding!  The atmosphere is definitely an upscale casual.  I am comfortable going in a skirt or jeans.  It's a great place for a friend outing or a date night.  The Pork Belly Tacos are by far my favorite thing on the menu, but I have ventured out from the norm and have loved everything I ordered.......Dirty South Nachos (so bad, yet so good.) If you have not yet been to Soul, you must try it.  Be prepared for a wait because this is a very small, quaint establishment, but it is definitely worth it!
4	Love this place!! The food is always amazing! I always get the pork belly tacos, goat cheese bruschetta, soul crunch roll and brussel sprouts! I wash this goodness down with a brut cava. The wait and be ridiculous and up to 2 hours on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday. It's so worth it tho! Just grab a drink and enjoy the views of uptown while you wait.
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about. It has a cool interior and I wouldn't say it was not nice because it was. But the tables are so close together that you feel like you are on a group date. For some reason they did not have nearly enough menus and people were asked to share and people were asking tables next to them to borrow theirs so it was weird. Service was good, no complaints there. Food was OK but I thought it was overpriced and not that great. If you want small plates, Good Food on Montford, Dandelion Market and Heist Brewery are all better. This place is very popular with hipsters and yuppies alike, so maybe this is the kind of place where people like to go just to say they did. Or maybe I'm just too old and lame to understand the hype. But either way, we enjoyed our evening but not enough to go back again. There are better options.
4	lamb lollipops, tuna skewers, guacamole stack, wild mushrooms on toast are all amazing.  the tacos fell very short of expectations for me.  sushi is good too but I usually order the small plates instead.
5	The food is great, but their big ticket item is the cocktails. I can not find a better Old Fashion anywhere else in Charlotte. They have so many more drinks to boot. It's definitely worth checking out. It is one of the highlights of Plaza Midwood.
5	Seriously great place. Love trying new things and sharing?  Then this place is for you!  Vibe is a little hipster so I stand out like a sore thumb but who cares with such good food!  We tried about 8 different things but the chimichurri beef, dirty south nachos, and queen Charlotte roll stood out!  Great place to bring out of town guests!
5	Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too! We sampled the oysters which were perfectly fried. The ham plate was filled with tasty choices and the truffle fries and baconed Brussel sprouts were exceptional. Minor note would be toasts are dry and too many of them are a downer as is the pounding techno beat. Achieve hipster haven at a lower decibel
3	Soul is a wonderfully intimate restaurant. Go with the time to enjoy a drink while you wait for a table (super popular place with a bit of a wait) and the ability to enjoy the food without rushing. Soul's menu items compliment each other perfectly.
5	Kickin tapas with some top notch sushi and open late? Killer bar too! We sampled the oysters which were perfectly fried. The ham plate was filled with tasty choices and the truffle fries and baconed Brussel sprouts were exceptional. Minor note would be toasts are dry and too many of them are a downer as is the pounding techno beat. Achieve hipster haven at a lower decibel
3	Incredible food. Service is hit or miss. Hostess was pretty rude which obviously didn't set the tone for the evening right. The atmosphere here is unique, but never come here hungry or in a hurry. Even with open tables you will have to wait. I'd suggest making a reservation. Bottom line, there are too many great places to eat in Charlotte to make me hurry back to a place where the 1st person that greets you is unpleasant.
5	We went to Soul this past Friday. We got there alittle before 7 and expected a wait (always expect a wait at Soul....just put your name on the list and go grab a drink at one of the bars in the area!). However, we were seated immediately!Before I continue, I just want to state that Soul isn't one of those places where you go in, get a meal, and leave. It is an experience. They want you to order 1-2 tapas and some drinks, enjoy, and then pick 1-2 more tapas (and repeat as many times as necessary). So, if it seems like the waiter/waitress is taking too long, that's the point! Enjoy yourself, chat, and relax. They aren't trying to kick you out the door as quick as possible to seat more people. They want you to take your time. They bring out food orders when they are ready....this is way different than most other restaurants, so I think this aspect turns many people off simply because they don't realize that is how it works. I believe this specific meal was around 2 hours. My husband and I went with another couple, and since we frequent Soul a good bit, we already had a pretty good idea of what we wanted. -Drinks: The ladies started with $3 Blue Moons (this is their regular price...not too bad for Charlotte!) and the guys ordered some whiskey drink that they later regretted because it came out in a tall girly glass with straw. Don't think the guys were super impressed with the mixed drink and later ordered Blue Moons as well. I'd stick with beer and wine here. They have a decent wine list that I have ordered from before. -First ordering of food: We started off with the garlic fries and hummus of the day. The garlic fries came out first. They are a HUGE serving.....enough for 4 to have plenty! They are delicious and covered in garlic....you can actually smell them while they are cooking them. The hummus of the day was a roasted red pepper hummus. The hummus was really good but I think the baked pitas were just ok.-Second ordering of food: After chatting some, we ordered two orders of the pork belly tacos and one of the tuna tacos. The pork belly tacos are INCREDIBLE!!!! I think they have to be the best thing on the menu. Each order comes with 2 soft shell tacos....pork belly with chunks of balsamic watermellon. Soooooo good! The tuna tacos come with 3 hard shell tacos. The tuna is raw with tomatoes on top....I personally dont think they are as good as pork belly but still tasty and deserving of recognition!-Third ordering of food: Sushi!!! We ordered the Napolean roll and Soul roll to share between the 4 of us (my husband also ordered some wings but I didnt eat any so I wont comment on them). Both rolls were so good. I don't know what brown sauce they put on the Napolean roll, but I loved it! -Lastly they brought out a piece of strawberry cake with a candle in it, since it was my husbands birthday. I dont know if it was free or our friends paid for it, though I would assume the latter. Overall, great night, amazing food, and good times with some friends!
5	My gf and I are straight up food snobs, I would not dole out high praise to a place I was not truly impressed with. I'm giving Soul Gastrolounge 5 stars for their variety of creative, tasty cocktails and the fact that some of the small plates were literally among the best things I've ever eaten (looking at you, pork belly taco). Plus, maybe it's because I'm from New York, but I found the prices to be more than reasonable.
5	Besides the fact that its hard to get a table some nights (which is good for Soul) this place is a must go for a sexy date, sushi craving, late night cocktail, hipster watching, sunset photographing, and soul music. The place just has a buzz about it and the staff is phenomenal. Some of the bartenders are without a doubt the best in charlotte. Try the veal fries....they're balls.
4	First time dissatisfied at the lounge! Tuna tacos were horrible couldn't eat them, service was a joke. But all is well I'm sure it was just a fluke and I will be back soon. Update: favorite lounge on the easy coast! I'm in Hawaii now and miss it terribly.
4	Trendy trendy trendy with a heavy splash of hipster. Long waits during key times. Limited seating. So that is the down side. The upside is that the food is really good. The DJ was really good and the again, the food was really good. We got a couch and a low table for dinner which was rather uncomfortable for a big meal but would have been perfect for drinks only. My fave treats were the lamb lolli pops and the truffled fries. Also the wings were really good and I am normally not a wing lover. It reminds me a bit of place in Hollywood- the matador and the serpent.  I wonder if that place is still there.. Hmmm now I am rambling. I'll be back. I have mad love for the lamb.
5	Run, do not walk to this place for some great small plates and delicious drinks.  We started with sushi, which was so fresh and simple.  Then moved onto the pork bell tacos, so good my mouth is watering thinking about them.. Perfect combo of salty, Asian glazed pork with sweet watermelon. The Korean BBQ wings were next, and if I wasn't already looking forward to dessert I would have ordered more.  Sweet potato cupcake with a marshmallow topping that could have easily been the best dessert I have ever had. It was the perfect blend of salty and sweet and I hope I can figure out  way to re-create it.  Top the food with excellent service, I will be back!
3	The food was amazing, but portions were small.  Great fun atmosphere, but it got really loud as the place packed out.  Not sure i would go back.
4	The food was GREAT! Highly recommend the fries and the Korean BBQ wings! The facility is small so be prepared to wait for a seat. We opted to sit outside last night under the heat lamps it was perfect and much quieter! What you waiting for check this place out!
3	We're passing through Charlotte on our honeymoon in July and stopped here. Loved the vibe of this place! It was a Saturday night and the wait was over an hour but they take your number and text you when your table is ready. Super cool so you are t stuck waiting. We explored the area and grabbed a beer while we waited. We sat outside which was quite cramped. We ordered a TON of food! Trio of dips, sushi, pork tacos, flatbreads....there was more. Everything was good, nothing I haven't had though. Fun place. Cool location. Great for a fun date night.
5	Feel like you are being let in on a secret when you sit in the comfy chairs and try dish after dish of things you can't get enough of.Think I'm exaggerating? I'm not ;) This is haute cuisine served casually as if it were effortless. Combine this with excellent service a cozy loft atmosphere and you have found heaven!
2	So, the BEST was the DJ and the food! KUDOS to the DJ and the Chefs!!! For sure, the DJ was ON POINT with his entire set; not one foul song!! Obviously, I can't stop talking about him; he was rockin it (and on a TUESDAY)!!!! The food was delicious! I had sushi and it was ON POINT!!! The only thing I didn't like was that we asked for a booth but was told booths were for larger parties as was a table in the corner, however, we were allowed to sit in the corner table! That was NO BUENO! Any paying patron should have the option to sit where they want to sit especially if the seating is available - to tell someone that they can't sit anywhere, almost put me in a mind set that there was an underlying reason behind that. It was a Tuesday night....surely they weren't expecting a huge crowd, but I digress. Altogether, if the seating situation had been better, I would have rated it a 5. For the DJ and bomb food I give it 4 stars and will be back for those two reasons!!!Revised:I went there a second time and again the manager seemed nonchalant towards myself and my companion plus I noticed the same type of attitude towards another African American patron; for this reason I changed my rating to below par. If I did not feel such a prejudice undertone it would be much better but because of this reason I will not ever return to this establishment even if the DJ was one of the best I've ever heard...He's not there all the time anyway.
5	Tapas Dining at its best! The decor is very eclectic for example there is a DJ booth that you can sit at with a stuffed Peacock on the wall. If you have been in this area before its to be expected though. I would suggest sharing plates with your dinner date up to 4-5 my favorites were the fried goat cheese on bruschetta, veal shortribs, cubanni, and anything from the sushi menu including the squid salad are superb!
4	Why don't more people hang out here? I'm yelping as I'm sitting by the DJ booth. Love the vibe, the music, but I wish at least few folks would groove on the "dance floor". This is a really good soul spot if you just want to do a couple of two steps and do a few spins. I will for sure be back.
5	Love Love Love. Wonderful tapas and small plates. Perfect for a social dinner with drinks. The Deep South Nachos are an absolute must!
4	I love the atmosphere. The Sushi was pretty good as well. Drinks are always on point.
3	Pork belly tacos are to die for! Wait took forever and host staff was a little rude, but I'll be back for the food and atmosphere.
5	Oh my goodness.. I thought I had written about this place after I woke back up from my amazing food mania that I had there. I loved the idea of tapas, because it was small samples of anything you wanted to try, so I could cram several of those plates in my face hole. We tried so many things, I can't even tell you how many plates we had in front of us. EVERYTHING was delicious and had flavor like I'd never tried. The atmosphere was laid back, and everyone in there was friendly. It was artsy and mood lit inside and active and bright outside. Soul is like a hidden gem, that you don't know about until someone tells you how amazing it is. It's like being part of the fight club, except you're allowed to talk about it, and nobody fights.. err something... yeah. Seriously I don't think you can go wrong with this place. There is nothing bad on the menu. At ALL. If I make it back down to Charlotte, I will have to head back into Soul for a quick bite. You Charlotte peeps are soooo lucky, with all that tasty food!!! :)
5	Soul Gastrolounge is a pretty hot spot in Plaza Midwood for eclectic tapas and entrees. I ordered the spicy feta dip (not really spicy) with pita chips to start and then the Queen Charlotte Roll (i.e. sushi). Wasn't expecting the sushi to be as good as it was, but it was fantastic. The goat cheese on bruschetta (my friend ordered) was great as well. We sat outside with a beautiful view of the Charlotte skyline which was gorgeous. Topped it all off with the Vietnamese coffee ice cream which was pretty tasty. Wonderful service as well and deserving to be in the top 25 restaurants in Charlotte.
5	First review in Yelp gives to Soul Gastrolounge, hands down one of my favourite places in NC. I had the dinner this August and the pork belly bun still impresses me. They have a lot of specialities on the menu, just be adventurous. Nice place for a date, but the place can get quite busy for its popularity.
4	Went with my food-loving husband and finicky father... I wouldn't recommend bringing somebody of the simple meat-and-potatoes persuasion, but that's not a slam on Soul by any stretch. That said, the hubs and I Adore food and I made our way through a good bit of the  menu.  Quick notes:- The pork belly and watermelon tacos. Are. BALLER.  Seriously, I could eat about a dozen of 'em.  - Ramen - oddly creamy, bland, largely unmemorable but the cheeks were cooked well.  Wouldn't get again.- Marrow - bones were good, parsley salad was Awesome; definitely replicating the latter at home.- Meatballs - kind of dry, but good flavor. - Flatbread - arugula, truffle-whipped goat cheese, pesto, garlic.  Greasy but very flavorful. - Crunch Roll  - didn't realize the whole roll was fried, accordingly the fish was cooked through.  Sad face, don't recommend. - Wings.  Both Korean BBQ and Southern - nothing fancy, but good.- Fries - garlic-herb salt, truffle oil, pecorino, yes!  Giant portion, too.Service was excellent - Jamie rocked - and though the majority of the food was maybe three-star caliber, the atmosphere, tacos, and friendliness bumped it up to a solid four.
5	Me and my wife's favorite after hours bar in Charlotte. And even though we've always had dinner before coming to Soul, we somehow always seem to manage saving just enough room for some delicious food and drinks. Our favorites are the Replay roll and Pork Souvlaki skewers. Also, don't expect to get right in on the weekend as it gets crowded inside but squeeze by people at the bar and grab a drink. It's worth it.
5	This place is amazing. Their pork belly tacos and lamb chop lollipops are to die for. I could get them all day! Just writing this review is making my mouth water
4	A really good tapas place that has a somewhat late night menu as well. They also have some decent beer available.
4	The shrimp ceviche in coconut milk was AMAZING. I was not a fan of the fried meatballs or the fried oysters BUT the pork belly tacos were SO good it made up for it. Server was nice too. Cool little spot.
5	Fantastic restaurant.  The pork belly watermelon tacos were unbelievable.  It's good to see Charlotte restaurants taking it to the next level.
4	Stopped by for a work dinner on a slow Monday night - luckily we got there early and had plenty of seating options. Ordered the dip trio, the jalepeno sushi roll, the pork belly taco's and the salmon in filo. All top-notch, especially the pork belly taco's (very addictive and the watermelon on top is perfect).Only gripe is that most of the beer specials were by the bottle versus on-tap. As usual atmosphere was cool - funky, dark and loud. Great option for a dinner with friends.
5	Hands down, one of my favorite places in Charlotte! Their bartenders and servers are the best and the food is allllways tasty! I've loved everything I've ever tried, even things that I had no intention of loving (I'm looking at you, Pork Belly Tacos!). It can be a bit loud during peak dinner hours but I'm usually digging the tunes so that's never an issue for me. I take all my out of town visitors here for dinner and/or brunch.
5	One of my all time favorite places in Charlotte.  The drinks and food are amazing, creative and worth the wait and cramped quarters!!!
4	The Bottom Line: a wide range of unusual tapas that will have you eating your face off.Pros:- The service was excellent.- The food was delicious.- If you're a carnivore, omnivore or herbivore... you are in for a treat.Cons:- This is really minor. More could be done with the outside area given the excellent views of the city.
4	So we actually tried to come here on Friday night per a recommendation, but were sadly disappointed at the hour and a half wait. We roamed around the street, reminding us of a Haight-Ashbury-meets-the-Mission but without as may restaurants and bars- mostly head shops and secondhand stores. No other options. We got in the car and headed elsewhere, deciding that a weeknight would be better... but today, found ourselves in the neighborhood AGAIN looking for a brunch spot. The wait was only 20 minutes this time, so we checked out the area stores (spotted some orange Ferragamo loafers, a red tutu, and stacks upon stacks of vintage Playboys)- let's just say we were entertained. 20 minutes went by like a breeze, so we walked back to Soul and were seated after only about 15.It was about 2PM and sadly they were out of the french toast panini, so we got the Wild Mushroom on Toast and the Monster Hash. Both were delicious- I'm a big fan of sweet potatoes and the sweet potato/normal potato mix was a cool touch- but the Mushroom dish was tiny. It looked like a side. Nevertheless, we left full and enjoyed ourselves. This place seems more like a bar though, with people drinking bloody marys and mimosas all over the place and mingling in groups. There's normal tables, of course, but really feels like more of a watering hole, at least on Sunday afternoons. Looking forward to coming back for dinner when we don't have to wait an hour and a half. :) Good stuff!
4	I love Soul- it is one of my favorite places to meet friends for drinks or dinner after work. Very cool dimly lit atmosphere with low tables as well as booths. Good bar scene with knowledgeable and friendly bar tenders. The apps are great and the sushi is delicious! Tapas style dishes so you can share. I definitely recommend the flat breads!
5	this place is adorable. I went on valentines day. the wait was an hour and a half but I got seated really quick. I had the sushi, and tuna tacos. it was soooooo good. to bad I'm not from Charlotte or live there, but if I do I will visit this establishment again.
5	This is one of my very favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It is not a secret. This place is known for being delicious- and it is. You can't make reservations. I do not recommend this place with a big group of friends. Try to avoid the crowds on Friday and Saturday. Some of my favorite dinners at Soul have been during the work week when it is a little quieter.This is the sort of place where you can dress up at. You don't have to- but no one will look at you strange if you decided to go all out.The food is delicious. The Soul Roll is my favorite sushi in town. The fries are INCREDIBLE. The Lamb Lollipop will make you forget about lambs being cute and instead you will find lambs tasty. Ideally- go here with 4 friends. Share food together. The cocktails are always incredible. Adam is a creative bartender. If you see him- ask him to make you something unique- he usually tries to use local ingredients and it is not always on the menu.
5	I'm new to Charlotte but this place has become one of my favorite lounge spots!! I decided to try this place out when a friend and I were looking for somewhere to go in the Charlotte area on a Friday night and we were both entirely over the typical club scene. We decided to check them out after reading some reviews online and we were not disappointed!! The food is awesome and very reasonably priced. The sushi is very popular here. The drinks aren't that strong, at least not to me, but I'm somewhat of a "drinker" so take that for what it's worth. Service was great. Our waiter took time to go over the menu with us and point out some of the more popular and highly recommended dishes. He was really patient and nice and he even brought me a free glass of wine from the bar. I have no idea why but I didn't question it! The only downside to this place is that it's really small but very popular so depending on what time you arrive, you may find yourself waiting for a long time to be seated. We arrived around 10pm and were told there would be a 45 minute wait. We were able to find a small space at the bar to hang out and ended up ordering a few drinks and some of their AMAZING Garlic fries while we waited. This place probably wouldn't be the best spot to take a large group of people but they do have group seating areas that can accommodate a small group of 5 or 6. Parking was free and close to the building so we didn't have to walk far. If you decide to check it out it's a must you try the Garlic fries....by far the best fires I've ever had! I'd also recommend the Asian Glazed Pork Belly Tacos (different but awesome), the Sushi Fondu, and the Korean BBQ Soul Wings.
5	Favorite restaurant in charlotte..great atmosphere and great mix of people. Everything that we have ordered on the menu has been amazing. The most amazing fries! Get there early otherwise it's a long wait, but well worth waiting for.
5	This is one of my favorite Charlotte restaurants.  A great place to take out of town guests that enjoy a hip atmosphere in a cool part of town (Plaza Midwood).   I LOVE small plates where you can taste a number of different dishes and that is exactly what SOUL offers up.  On my last visit I must have tasted ten different dishes on our table and all of them were amazing!   TIP: Be prepared to wait.  This place is small, and there isn't much room for large parties.
3	Hipster haven.  I'm not a hipster so felt a little out of place with my more yuppy attire.  LOL.  Seriously, skinny jeans and beards on guys...the girls all had tattoos and ear gauges.  Oh and there was a DJ...for Sunday brunch.  Mmmm - ok.The food was slightly above average.  I don't know that I'd go back for brunch.  The waffle was just regular.  The Monster Hash (i got it w/o eggs) was good, but the unique thing about it - the sweet potatoes - appeared to be an afterthought.  But the sausage was on point.  The mac and cheese was rich and took forever.I've heard really good things about dinner, I'm not a tapas person, but I would go back.The ambiance is really nice - but again, hipster central. I guess I should know based on the location.
4	I love Soul. I recommend it to anyone that is new to town. It is a different experience from the "uptown scene" and has more of an artsy west coast vibe. This place is good for Date-night and Girls night out!I also agree with the great service from the bartenders as well. They are amazing. One of the best bar staff in Charlotte. They are always up for crafting something funky and unique just for you and your taste.  The food is excellent. The small plates leave opportunity to try a couple of different items. I recommend the sushi, tuna tacos and pork belly w/ watermelon tacos.  As a server myself I always have a little extra patients for the waitstaff, which is why I am not going to complain, like others, on the service. I have had both not great service as well as service that exceeded my expectations. Tip: The place is intimate. Try to beat the crowd. But if there is a wait it's well worth it!!
5	There aren't letters in the human language that can be compiled to translate the amount of incredible this place is.I travel nonstop for work and make it a mission to find cool, unique places everywhere I go, and this place is by far the best food stuffery I've ever been too.FoodAtmosphereServiceViewAll in one package. Soul, you win. Everything.Oh! And get the Pork Belly Tacos. Like stop reading this right now and just yell, "Pork Belly!" Do it. Right now.Seriously. Right now.
4	Update time! We finally made it back for dinner last night and suffered only an hour wait. Soul is a busy place, let me tell you. While it IS very small, I can see why it takes so long to be seated: it's not a normal restaurant where one would order their meal, have it delivered, eat it, and then leave. No, not at Soul. Once we were seated we ordered a round of tapas... which did come out rather quickly... ate them... decided we wanted to order more... and more. This is a process in itself. Our group of 4 agreed on 3-4 dishes at a time, probably totalling 8-10 tapas and 2 cupcakes during our visit. Soul is known for their sushi, but I personally thought the lamb skewers, brussel sprouts, pork tacos and fried clams (the special) were my personal favorites. Sadly I woke up in the middle of the night with a HORRIBLE stomach ache- a lot of fried food, and while it comes in small portions, it is deceiving. Beware. We have been eating a lot of meatless/healthy/raw lately, so don't let the size of the tapas fool you. That stuff is heavy. Ah- and how can I forget the fried goat cheese? It was divine. No wonder my stomach hated me last night. :)
5	This place is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  Relaxing, amazing food and a great atmosphere.  I always have a good time when I come and the food just get better and better every time.  The pork belly tacos are a must have. The staff is amazing.  You can't go wrong with anything you order. This place is just wonderful all around.
4	Always a win in my book. Some really unique dishes and everything is small plated so it's nice to have a variety of orders. The pork belly and watermelon tacos are by far one of the best dishes in this area. Be warned though this place is NOT cheap. With drinks and a a few different plates your going to be paging but it is worth it. The brunch on Sunday mornings is to die for as well. The whole menu in the morning you can't miss on. The service is always good though you may have to wait for a table if it's peak hours. Atmosphere is also very nice and low key. Great date place!
1	E
5	I can't even begin to describe how good this place is. Trust the reviews and do yourself a favor ...go try it out!While your there...try the pork belly tacos. They are sinfully good. You cannot go wrong with Soul Gastrolounge.
4	Star knocked off for wait times. Unfortunately can't reserve ahead of time so ah well.Regardless,  the food is pretty good. Ordered the tzatziki dip, fries, and Korean BBQ wings. All food was delicious! They came out as they were ready, so nothing was too cold when it got here. One complaint some may make is the pita bread/chips are a little harder than they should be. Ask for extra napkins when you eat the wings!
1	So we went back for dinner....understanding they don't take reservations.  So our party of three was told it would be about 45 minutes for a table.  Fine no worries, an hour came and went and we had show tickets so we went into ask what the hold up was...only to be told another 45 minutes.  WTF?  Hipster host who couldn't give a flip told us 'well we never can estimate a wait time,'  our response was Olive Garden seems to have no problem so surely Soul could manage to figure it out.  We looked inside and saw a four topper open and three two toppers....when asked why we can't have one of those tables we were told that 'well we had three people and there's only one table in the whole restaurant that they can seat three people at'  Cue the what the hell looks on our faces.  I mean seriously Soul.  You are trying way too hard and running off customers.  So evidently they refuse to seat a party of three at a four topper, or to push two, two top tables together.  So after wasting all of this time we went over to PIzza Peel and wolfed down our food.  Luckily we still made it to the Brian Regan show on time!  I am never ever stepping foot into Soul again.
4	My husband wanted to treat me to a nice evening while we visited Charlotte for my birthday weekend and, because of the great reviews on Yelp and the fact that we love tapas, we gave Soul a try. It felt a little uncomfortable at first because, as cool as we like to think we are for 50-somethings, we are not that hip. This place attracts a young crowd. They don't take reservations, and I knew we were in for a good 1.5 hour wait and all I could think was, what in the world will we do? In total, this place is less than 1000 sq ft inside and out. There is absolutely no where to stand, sit, or lean against, and the crowd on a Sat. night was tight. The stars must have been in my favor because one barstool opened up in the "first come first served" area and we claimed it for the next, you guessed it, 1.5 hours. While we waited, I sipped wine and water, and my hub tried one of their signature mixed drinks. We had a lot of time to watch all the bartenders, all of whom were very fast, talented, and knew how to handle the crowd (especially a very drunk, loud and offensive guy who was asked to leave. Nice touch).  While we waited, we also tried the dip trio, which came with generous amounts of tzatziki, babaganoush, and hummus, with mostly too-hard-to-eat (and burned) pita chips. As Robert Irvine would say, something like that should have never left the kitchen. Though, our wonderfully attentive bartenders made up for that faux pas by refilling our chips every time the bowl was near empty. It was all good, but I really enjoyed the tzatziki the most, and it would have been even better with warm, soft pita. As you might imagine, I wasn't very hungry by the time our table was ready. Anyway, after getting there around 7:45, we were seated around 9:30 or so. I ordered the avocado stack, which is a salad of sliced avocado, red onion, cilantro, tomato and fried garlic, drizzled with olive oil. So pretty (see pic) and tasty. I then tried the garlic skewered shrimp, which was light and savory. I enjoyed all of this while my hub sat across from me with nothing in front of him, as I believe his mango sushi order was lost. Ever the patient one, he nibbled off my plates until his sushi finally arrived, and it was beautiful (see pic). A huge portion, and he said some of the best sushi he's ever had.I saw people ordering the pork belly tacos, which are described on the menu with "watermelon salsa". Interestingly enough, they come out looking like three cubes of meat on a flour tortilla, with three cubes of watermelon on top of the meat, so it's not actually a chopped up salsa. I wondered if the watermelon was marinated and will have to give it a try next time. We were too tired and full for dessert so didn't indulge, as much as I would have loved to try the bread pudding cupcake with pretzel whipped cream. So all in all, a great evening of food and entertainment. A DJ did start spinning music about 9:00 or so, and it was a mix of everything from 80s to techno to jazz, which went along with the cool vibe of this place with the exposed brick, open rafters, and low lighting. Just go prepared to be patient and wait if you show up at prime time, and just relax and enjoy something new.
5	This place is so much fun to go to!!!  I am in love with the food here!  Also the drinks!  LOL  Though it can get crowded on the weekends and you may have to wait it's worth it.  There is always a great group of poeple that hang out here.  Plus there is live music!  You can't beat that!  Groovin' to some tunes while enjoying awesome food!  I recommend Soul as a definite go to!
3	Came for brunch once and enjoyed it so I decided to try dinner. Ambiance is nice, outside seating available for the Spring and Summer months, staff is friendly, and food is delightful!
1	After having reservations (which they don't take until you show up at their restaurant) and waiting for 2 hours we had to leave and go eat somewhere else because it was going to be another 45 minutes. I have no idea if this place is worth a crap but unless you have 3 hours to wait for dinner do NOT GO HERE on a weekend night!TH said Bistro la Bon was amazing, fantastic food, spectacular service, great vibe. We will be back
5	Can't get enough of this place. Top 10 in Charlotte. Been here about 15 times and leave happy every time. Great staff, great food. Highly recommend!
4	Friendly awesome staff. Wonderful food options. Great view to uptown!
5	Went for the first time this week...fantastic. Sat at the bar/DJ booth, we're sat right away by the friendly hostesses. Very hip place, reminded me of Carrboro. For all of its hipness, no one we spoke to was rude or condescending. Our server Drew was friendly, helpful and the perfect amount of attentive. Food was great: two sushi rolls, the Korean wings and the pork belly tacos was a good amount for two. Can't wait to go back.
4	Found this place on a site saying it was a top 25 place to eat in Charlotte so I went.  It is located upstairs in a building and has a very trendy atmosphere. I took my family and ordered so many things off the menu!  Our waitress was fun and friendly and helped recommend things for us to order. My favorite by far were the Asian Glazed Pork Belly Tacos.  I don't even like watermelon but the pork with it was truly amazing! My only complaint is the order comes with two small tacos so a bit pricey for what you get. The French Fries With Garlic-herb Salt, Pecorino & Truffle Oilwere truly something to behold I honestly have never had fries like them!  The Korean Bbq wings had great flavor sweet with a good amount of spice to them.  The Fried Brussel Sprouts also had good flavor and were worth ordering. The only bad thing I had was the Dirty South Nachos are basically fried crust in a sauce and they were basically nasty!  So all in all this place is worth going great food even if it is a little pricey for what you get.
4	I love SOUL!!!  I would give them 5 stats but the bartenders can get a little temperamental at times.  The food and atmosphere is great.  A good variety for everyone's palate.
1	Over priced and overly loud.  Ok food but epic snarky hipster douche-baggery wait staff and crowd.
1	* This is my takeout experience from December 2013.no. no no no no no.Our group ordered about $120 worth of food. A large enough variety to get a good idea of the food here. We were really excited but very very quickly disappointed as we dug in. Overall the food wasn't cooked, portioned, or seasoned appropriately. A gastro-anything should not fail in these basic aspects! I think if we actually dined in I might be able to give it a 2-star rating to account for freshness and what not, but quite frankly I'm glad I experienced the dulled tastes of our very disappointing food.the gist:* pork belly/watermelon tacos: overcooked and dried out pork belly (FAIL), mushy watermelon (YUCK)* nachos: unbelievably excessive grease (even for chicken skin)* lamp lollipops: bland and dry* wings: not memorable, so likely not terrible offensive.
5	OMG, this place was flippin' amazing! We had the Brussel Sprouts, Steak & Gryo Skewers, Guac Stack, Spanikopita, Veal Short Ribs, and Huckleberry Ice Cream to top it off.  All of it was simply delicious!! I'm a total Foodie from out of town and stumbled upon this Gem on Yelp. Thank you Yelp, you never let me down!! We can't wait to go back to try more things on the menu, heard the Pork Belly Tacos are a must.
4	In Charlotte for the night, and stopped by based on the previous reviews. Excellent  food and drinks. It's tapas and a little pricey, so it's probably not the place to go if you're starving. But I'd certainly recommend it for a nice, relaxing, upscale happy hour.
3	The food was decent.  Do note that your food does not come out together.  You have to wait, for each single dish.  I got my salad.  My date waited another 10 minutes for her tacos, another 20 minutes passed and my sushi finally arrived.  The only reason I give this only three stars is the service,  The waitress brought our drinks and that was about it as far as seeing her again before we asked her for our bill.  My date finally offered me her water at the end of the meal since we hand't seen our waitress since she took our order.  I won't be returning.
5	Yes, you are going to have to wait to eat here. Yes, it is going to be worth the wait. The tapas are awesome. Specifically, check out the pork belly and watermelon tacos.
5	Consistently good. We have eaten there a bunch and we keep finding new things we love.
5	The food is an exploration of southern cuisine without limits! Drinks are as cutting edge as any NYC lounge...with the creative vision of mixologist Andy at the helm you won't be steered wrong. Well worth the wait with a drink in hand.
3	First of all the food here is awesome. We had a honey humus which we though might be interesting..it was delicious. Pork skewers with the BBQ glaze...jut get them. On the other hand I like to go to a place for the complete experience...our waitress was great and maybe we were there at a weird time but the porch seemed to be filled with chain smokers who's vocabulary contained the f word every other word that came out. Really hindered our experience unfortunately.
5	This place is so fun! Went on a weekday night around 10pm. The place was pretty busy, but we only had to wait 5 minutes to be seated.There was a DJ playing some tunes.. Delightful atmosphere...I ordered the sushi and it was delish! It came served with this sauce, not sure what it was, but it was so good!! There were so many things I wanted to try on the menu that I'm gonna have to keep coming back for more! I definitely will bring friends/family here when they come visit.
5	one of the best places I've eaten in a long, long time.the pork belly/watermelon is life-changing.coconut milk in ceviche revolutionary.and the friend goat's cheese wonderful.add in a fabulous staff and killer drinks/views and it's no wonder why this is the place to be in Charlotte. I could not be more impressed.
5	YUMMMMM!! They have a little bit of everything - and everything is GOOD!!Sundays is brunch only - If you're going for dinner get there between 5p-5:30 if you actually want to get a seat and eat before 7pm (outdoor seating  has views of the city skyline) - Pork Belly Tacos ARE the Best thing on the menu (it sounds gross, watermelon & meat, but seriously scrumdiddlyumptious).Best tip about this place: Be sure you know your liquor - they don't have Beefeater gin and tried to pass off a lower-shelf for it.
5	Yummy food and really cool vibe! Loved the sashimi tuna tacos, flatbread and brussel sprouts! Our server Alex was EXCELLENT! She knew the menu very well and was extremely patient while trying to accommodate our friends buttery Chardonnay request! Can't wait to go back! But it would have been nice to have more Chardonnay options by the glass
4	Awesome place! I love the unusual things about this place! It could be bigger because they are becoming more popular! Only thing is I was in the middle of writing this review and noticed everyone around us received their food before us when we say down before everyone. The food here is awesome but I do not like the inconsistency of the delivery!
5	We came here on a Sunday night for dinner and were lucky enough to get a table right away. The food was absolutely amazing!!! We ordered a bunch of small plates to share and each one was incredibly delicious. Since we sat outside on the deck, we were able to catch the sunset.
5	This place is amazing! Their music is always fantastic. Dishes can run on the small side, which I think can throw off some people that don't understand the tapas concept, but if you go in understanding that then you won't be disappointed. Another thing - like a true tapas place, they serve dishes as they are made and say so on their menu, so don't expect all your food to come out together. This does mean that all their dishes are exceptionally fresh. Also, mad props to the kitchen. I've never had anything less than perfect and they have a pretty big menu for such a small kitchen. Their servers are all really helpful and charismatic. Their hostesses could use some math lessons because they say the wait is going to be an hour or longer and then we are always seated within fifteen. Signature bar drinks can seem a bit pretentious, but bartenders have no problem making the drinks you actually want. In summary, this is my favorite place in Charlotte right now.Fav dishes: Dirty South Nachos and Pork Belly Tacos. Both phenomenal and not to be missed.
5	The significant other and I just happened to stroll into this place and managed to get a seat at the bar despite there being an hour wait for any table.The bartender (long hair and tattoos) was an excellent host and made all sorts of recommendations for things to try as well as places to check out in the city. What was supposed to be 2 tapas turned into about 4 or 5 over the next 2 hours and several drinks, all of which were outstanding. The pork belly tacos were the stand out item but everything was amazing. The atmosphere is very chic and upscale, which I should have looked up in advance since I came in wearing jeans and sneakers but no one minded. Overall a great experience and definitely a place worth coming back too.
3	The drinks are awesome. While the food is pretty good, It adds up since they are small plates. Don't go there hungry, but more so to enjoy drinks and an appetizer. Always prepare for an hr wait.
5	Soul has made a lot of changes since I've last visited when they first opened. I've recently gone back to meet star bartender Andy Maurer. If you're looking for a great, fun and creative cocktail experience...this is where you need to be. None of that crazy "mixology" stuff, just great drinks for real cocktailers. Also great food! The Korean BBQ wings, amazing! Friendly staff and great music. Most Monday's are old school night. And, I mean real old school. Marvin, Teddy, The Spinners, real deal music. Even if you just go for brunch, make sure you get there!
5	Great spot in Charlotte! Really varied and unique food and cocktail menu. Probably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte so far. Made me feel like I was back in NYC , without the douche bags and shitty aspects. Standouts: Soul Roll, kamachi special, Korean BBQ wings, shrimp skewers. Pistachio Ice cream was awesome too. Great date spot or group of friends to chill with tapas-style food and drinks.
5	I've never had anything bad here. Great service. Great Cocktails. Great music. Great food.
5	Plza can easily be one of my favorite places in Charlotte aside from now southend. The food and libations are creative and consistently pushing the culinary reform here in CLT. I wish they would open another bigger location. The music is always great, vibe is great...the wait to sit down because it's so small and it's first come , first serve, not so much. If you are a late diner, great! The later in the evening it gets, your chances of scoring a table is good and the music gets better (either the DJ has had a few or I have, still trying to figure that out)!
2	Food was ok.  Service was terrible....this includes the hostess and waitress!  The manager is the only person who tried to accommodate us for getting a table.  They weren't very patient or understanding when asking about menu items.  Chicken and waffles was just ok, the waffle was better than the chicken.  Just an FYI...Out of all their brunch menu items, they do not do egg whites.
5	They don't take reserves so get there early. And if you don't get there early, well be prepared to wait a while for some of the best tapas you will ever have in your life. Not kidding. While you are waiting, have a cocktail. I will suggest the Adam special, it is literally a limeade with vodka, and it is amazing. They also have many other concoctions of cocktails meticulously created for your pleasure. While you are waiting an hour or so, depending on when you arrive, enjoy your drink (or water because they put cucumber in it!!!) and relax in conversation with the most beautiful music from local DJ's. Your mouth will water as you see the plates rolling out to the tables. Beautiful food, art really, with tastes that will melt in your mouth. I would suggest many items (Lamb skewers, pork belly tacos) but you really need to order one of everything. Oh yeas they have daily creations, including deserts (red velvet cupcakes yes!) to go along with the regular menu items.Please eat here, you haven't lived until you have been here. You will not be the same after
5	I could talk about this place for days, but ille spare you the long review. I absolutely love this place. The wait time is one of the few things I dislike but let me tell you, its worth it. The pork belly tacos are RIDIC. So yummy! Their sweet menu isnt my favorite but even so, i come back again and again for their savory stuff.
5	Amazing food. LOVE the pork tacos. Wish the place was a little larger and didn't always have such a long wait.
5	Pretty damn delicious!
3	Meh. Hostess didn't want to seat us at open bar tables ("they fill up fast" - right, by us for example?). Claimed 90 minute wait with nobody else waiting. Slooooow service after that (tapas should be relatively quick...)Overpriced drinks ($12 for a Manhattan?) Menu seems all over the place (sushi, tapas, gastropub). Bland white bean dip. Very good fries, but nothing to dip them in. My kid liked the chicken skewers. Brussels sprouts were cooked well but were a bit greasy and a bit sweet. Also, they put bacon bits on it. Bacon. Bits. Menu *looks* good but they miss the mark on a lot of it. I think they read some menus from good places in other cities, but never actually ate at any of them...
5	This place is amazing. By far the best food and drinks I've ever had. And it's in Charlotte! And so close to my house. The food here is seriously like sex in your mouth. Everything is delicious. This night I got to taste a friends lobster soup and I swear I wanted to jump in the bowl and live in it. I haven't had anything here is didn't like. Example cold meat plate. I would never order that but it's amazing. And of course the lamb skewers are incredible. Better than a filet. Truffle fries, well yes please! This place need to never close down. And don't get discouraged by your long wait. It's totally worth it. In fact order as much as you can with a friend or many friends and share. Taste as much as you can. I haven't had the brunch but that's hopefully going to be my next visit.
5	Came in last night for a girl's night and we were told the wait would be at least two hours. Normally, that would result in me trying someplace else but soul uses an app that allows you to monitor how many tables are ahead of you. So we went to common market for drinks while we waited. When we got back everything was awesome! They had a mussel feature that was delish. The guacamole stack is great with crispy bits of garlic. We also had the gyro skewers that we loved and a fantastic flatbread with pistachio pesto. Atmosphere is great and I highly recommend Jamie as a server. Very attentive and they have a great support staff. The fact that we could walk away made it feel like two hours was nothing. The experience made it even better!
3	I really really wanted to fall in love with this place, maybe my expectations were too high. Everyone I spoke to raved about this place and Yelp gives it great reviews, but if I'm being completely honest, Soul you left me a tad disappointed. We will start with the bad and end with the good. No reservations- always upsets me, really? why not? The hostess didn't offer to sit up outside ( I wasn't aware we could actually sit outside until I saw a few people grab a table) We ordered 4 tapas. The eggplant parm skewers were 2/5. They tasted like over breaded, burnt to a crisp mozzarella sticks. Not a great way to start off our dinner. The  pork belly tacos 3/5- they fell short, the pork was very dry and chewy, not a huge fan. The dumpster downstairs was overflowing with trash and even when I tried not to focus on the awful smell it would creep up and smack you in the face ( Not really sure if it was Soul's dumpster... It could just be bad luck. I thought some of the pricing seemed  pretty high for what you were getting. there is absolutely no way pork belly tacos (2) should be 12 dollars. Moving on to the good... The waitress was friendly, quick and overall a good and nice waitress ( extra extra brownie points for trying to hard to light the birthday candle) The dancing tuna roll was awesome- 5/5 stars AMAZING The Goat cheese flat bread was rich, warm and with a perfect flaky crust... YUM 4/5 The chocolate chocolate  cupcake was quite delish, not the best I have ever had, but not bad at all. The view was so pretty and with the warm August breeze we never waned to leave. Soul, I will give you another shot and change up my ordering. Thank you for a different dinning experience even if a few options fell short of expectations.
5	Adam by far is the most talented bartender in CLT. I gave him a liquor selection and he masterfully created a cocktail that not only satisfied but took my senses to the next level. I am inspires by the menu and humbled by the bartenders talent. Do not miss this under shadowed hotspot!
3	Tapas were good, not amazing but worth the money. The pork belly nachos were the best part of the meal. The beer selection is lacking, especially since they are a mile away from a brewery that has 10+ beers. I'll come back again. Service was great!
5	Located in my favorite part of Charlotte, NoDa, the line at this restaurant is consistently outrageous. Unfortunately, you can't reserve a table in advance, but whatever you do, I beg you to stay put. Order a drink from the bar while you wait on the terrace, where there's a beautiful view of the Charlotte skyline. The food, drinks, and overall atmosphere are incredible. Like many people on here, the pork belly tacos are to die for...in fact, you're guaranteed to experience a foodgasm. Whether you're here with friends, on a date, or even solo, you're bound to fall in love.
2	I came here for brunch and ordered the southern heritage. The gravy was meh, the biscuits were dry and my bacon was over cooked. I know it is a small plate place, but I would have liked a larger portion for brunch. Other than that the service was okay and the atmosphere was pretty cool. They had a DJ for brunch. What.
3	I went to Soul on a Friday night for dinner. Had heard many good things and was excited to try it out! The wait for a table inside was 90 minutes but for a table on their balcony we were seated immediately (it was hot out!). I ordered their version of a Pisco sour to start. It was okay but probably not worth the $12 price tag. We ordered the white bean hummus dip, smoked salmon spanakopita and the bone marrow which were all fine but nothing to write home about. The pork belly and pickled watermelon tacos, however, were phenomenal. We would go back for those tacos alone.The dessert menu was surprisingly limited for a gastrolounge -- kept only to cupcakes and ice cream -- so we passed.All in all, we had a nice evening at Soul but don't think it lived up to the hype.
5	My husband and I are die-hard foodies, and we've eaten some amazing dishes all over the world. I have to say though, Soul is easily one of my FAVORITE Top 3 restaurants of all time!  The food is flawlessly and consistently executed (so rare these days), and the environment is laid back and unpretentious.  Must orders: pork belly tacos, dirty south nachos (trust me on this), salmon 'o pita, Charlotte roll, the foie gras, and the pierogies on the brunch menu.  Can't say enough great things about this place!!
4	Weekly night out with the girls. Great food, drinks, music, atmosphere & especially great prices! You'll wait a while for a table when they open (well worth it) or you can come in a couple of hours after work when it dies down. Love this gem!
4	This  restaurant  is so close to us, but so far away.  We live a few blocks from it, but it is impossible to get a seat.  So, what is a 7:30/8:00 dinner couple to do?  Go early! We went at 6:30 on Sunday night, Labor Day weekend and were seated immediately.I ordered the most lucious wine, Butternut Chardonnay.  My man got an IPA.We chose the sushi special, which was called Wasabi. But, it really wasn't spicy on its own.  We also got fried oysters.  Primo!  A flatbread featuring truffle whipped giant cheese, honey, arugula and pistachio goat cheese.  Amazing!  And spanakopita in the shape of those little paper "footballs" that some of us used to make out of paper and thump with our fingers when we were kids.  You could really taste that fresh dill.I always enjoy the vibe in this place.  The energy and service are great.  Love the catwalk music.So next time we want quality tapas food, we will go the Eatly Bird  Special route,.  It's that good.
3	I don't get the 2+ hour wait? The hostess isn't very nice. Had two encounters with her and she's just snobby.Anyways, the food... Shared a bunch of stuff. The pork belly tacos, bone marrow, tzatziki dip, skewers with chimichurri, a sushi roll. All were okay but nothing super amazing. The skewers were a little bland. Had the pistachio ice cream which was good but super melted when it came out.Again, don't understand the hype. It was okay but don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
5	One of my favorite spot to hang out with my bf! Lots of selections to choose from but my absolute favorite is their bone marrow (huge fan!) and pork belly tacooooosssssss OMG to die for and a must try when you go here! Loves!!!!!!?
5	You should know before you even plan on coming here that pretty much any night of the week there WILL be a wait. Sometimes it's 2 hours and they don't take reservations. But wait... Having said that, it's worth it. My favorite place to wait is downstairs at Twenty Two, the art gallery. Grab a drink or two there and look out for them to text you when your table is ready. If it's a nice night, the patio at Soul is where you want to be. You can watch the people walking down on the street and see that beautiful Charlotte skyline. The food is great. I always always always get the fries. Even if my main course is sushi, I always get fries. They're too good. The sushi is also really good by the way. Mini burgers are great. People rant and rave about the pork belly tacos but they're not my style (too sweet). They have entree, sushi, and drink specials that don't disappoint. There are many things on the menu I have yet to try, but I love Soul.
5	Definitely a 5 star experience. We had to wait 2 hours for a table (literally) but it was completely worth it! Excellent sushi, tuna tacos and white bean dip, and the drinks are unique creations worth trying. Visiting from out of town but next time we are here we will go back for another taste!
4	The food here is amazing!! Service was great as well. The waiting time is ridiculous, but you can wait downstairs and get some wine. Do not order the bottle as I learned a small bottle(3 glasses) will cost more than buying 3 glasses separately. Check the size first. Pork with watermelon, coconut shrimp and flat bread were my favorites.
5	Great cocktails and the lamp Popsicles are AMAZING!!!  Warm atmosphere rounds out this excellent establishment.
5	This place puts Charlotte foodie dining to shame. Halibut cheeks, rocky mountain oysters, bone marrow, and anything else a food lover would want. Not to even mention the stellar and inventive bar menu. Don't leave without trying a gin and tonic on tap!
4	Soul is a fun place to grab some good food and enjoy the laid back atmosphere. The service was excellent when I went. The pork belly tacos were amazing and the beef chimichurri was very good as well. The feta and hummus dips were both good but nothing outstanding. Overall the food was good, the service was superb, and the restaurant was pretty cool. The prices are high for the portions you get, but I guess that's sort of expected at a tapas bar.
5	One of my friends was in from out of town so I brought her here.  Everything we had was delicious and the wait wasn't bad at all, we must have come in before the dinner rush.  We ended up trying the fried brussles sprouts, which were delicious. The Saganaki on the menu says it is flamed, but either the girl forgot, or they just don't truely flame it, so was kind of disappointed.  The Fried meatballs which were divine.  And the yellowtail Hamachi melted in my mouth. The drinks were very tasty as well, they had a granny smith apple cocktail that could be dangerous, as you couldn't taste the alcohol in it, so we ordered two. ;)In all, loved this place, will definately go back again.
3	I love the vibe at Soul. It is intimate and quirky. The dishes are generally good and they are adventurous. But, don't call a dish ramen just because it has Ramen-style noodles. For now, stick to the classics, but always order dessert!
5	Let me start off by saying this place blew my mind. Came here with friends on a late night Friday for some drinks and small plates. We were seated at the outdoor balcony within 5 minutes of walking up and the view of the Charlotte skyline was pretty cool at night. Our server was super chill and gave some great recommendations on items to try since it was our first time. We ate about everything on the menu haha. Never in my life could I have thought to order hummus, Korean bbq wings, pecan seared trout, sushi rolls, flatbreads, or aioli french fries and been so impressed with the quality or the inventiveness of the kitchen. I even pitched in and invented my own plate- a cheese grilled cheese stuffed with marinated baby portobello mushrooms. Everything was spectacular! I highly recommend checking this place out of you're in town and want to break away from a typical sit down restaurant. You won't be disappointed.
2	I try this place last Sunday let me get straight to the foo we order humus dip, duck banh fit, souls roll and and pork belly. The humus haft of them were burn the duck banh fit bread we cold and chewy the roll were too small and the pork belly too salty .never again
5	One of the best places to eat and drink in Charlotte! Food is fantastic and drinks are delicious. Be sure to try the pork belly tacos. You won't be disappointed! Only downside is this place fills up fast and doesn't do reservations. Make sure you show up early or the wait can be 2 hours, totally worth it though. Happy eating! :)
5	The best food in Charlotte. The most common complaints are seating and waiting. I have gone there four times. If u want a nice calm dining experience get there at five.
4	Soul is a great place and a unique experience in terms of food and atmosphere. I came to Soul after they first opened and have returned several times for dinner or just drinks. I have been generally impressed with the quality of food, (have tried many specials as well as house favorites) have enjoyed the unique cocktails as well as the creativity of the bartenders. Their location is in Plaza-Midwood neighborhood in an old building which provides the perfect atmosphere for Soul's unique vibe.The downside of Soul is that it is very small AND pretty crowded. The staff is a bit picky about where small groups can or cannot sit as well as those who intend to eat food vs. just have drinks. I find their logic to be flawed at times as I remember an incident where I came right after opening (to an empty restaurant) and was not allowed to grab a table. I'd suggest they go with the flow and err on the side of satisfied regulars. I'll caulk that one up to a one-off incident and hopefully not the norm. All of this said, I love Soul and hope they continue to serve things up in their unique and cool way.
1	Terrible indescribable bad service. Waited two hours to never be seated. Idiotic manager and hostesses. I had better expectations for this restaurant.
4	Super cute for couples. Some times can be a long wait.... Try the Mountain Oyster *side eye*
5	Let me start by saying, you will spend a lot of money if you go here. The small plates are $6-15 each but we ended up needing 3ish per person. Additionally, the cheapest wine bottles run in the 30's. With that being said, I am not complaining. Just be aware that you're not going to be filled up after 1 plate. Its best to go with a group of 3-4 so you can order more dishes and try out a lot! The atmosphere is awesome! Just make sure to get here early because the wait will be long. We got the cabernet and it was great! Here is a break down of the food....Dirty South Nachos- 5/5 Chicken skins fried and topped with melted pimento cheese. I have always been a fan of the skin of the chicken and this was heavenly for someone who loves fried food... just not very healthy Sashimi Tuna Tacos- 5/5 They were perfect especially the sriracha mayoFlatbread 3/5- It was average to usAsian Glazed Pork Belly Tacos- 5/5 They don't look like what you expect tacos to look like but they are really tasty. The watermelon is a unique twistSticky Veal Short Ribs-4/5 Solid choice!Pan Con Tomate- 5/5- Recommended by our waitress and the ultimate favorite of the tableSpanakopita- 4/5 Good but you don't get as much as you expect and it can't beat traditional Greek made Bone Marrow- 2/5 We were being adventurous and probably just don't like bone marrow. I won't hold it against them.The service was EXCELLENT!
5	Tapas is not created equal. If you want a trendy ambiance, excellent flavor combinations in small plates, and a bit pricey menu, please try this place. My husband enjoyed the pork belly tacos with watermelon salsa (he does not even like fruit) but was in heaven over the flavor. Also tried the bacon shells and cheese and it was so creamy and delicious. Pita chips with dip trio is very good, and will help you save a little $$ while trying other plates.Delicious! Must try. We will definitely be returning on our next visit to Charlotte.
5	Great service.  Great food. The tuna tacos & salmon sushimi is to die for... I can't wait to go back!
2	I was excited to try this place after hearing all of the hoopla about it. If I could rate the ambiance alone I would have definitely given it 5 stars. The food is really just quite average and was unimpressed with everything that I tried. The pork belly tacos seem to be a favorite of the majority of reviewers. I thought the flavors of the pork belly with the chunks of watermelon was really just a muddy mess of flavors in my mouth. The sushi was just fair. I have had much fresher sushi and sashimi from other places in the Charlotte area. Frankly I've given this a rating of 2 stars for an average over the ambience of 5 stars and the decent tasting brussel sprouts and edamame. This place is just overpriced and over rated however if you're looking for a romantic type of ambiance for decent cocktails alone I highly recommend it .
4	Myself and several friends went to Soul for a girls night out  today! The first thing i must  mention is this place is tiny! I now understand why most reviews state there is typically a wait. Myself and two other members of my party arrived around 6:10pm. At this time, there was no wait. We did have to wait for the majority of our party to arrive prior to us  being seated. We were placed in a booth, that was suppose to accommodate 8 people. It's a great that  only 7 of us were present- we were packed in the booth like sardines. Regarding the food- it was everything the reviews mentioned. I had the guacamole stack- try it if you are a fan of avocado, the flatbread- my favorite, and the truffle fries, my second favorite. I also tried the Korean wings- too spicy for my taste, fried meatballs- just ok, nothing special, lemon chicken skewer-they were ok, I would not order them again, and a host of other items. The last thing I tried was the pistachio ice cream. It was no bueno!!! It was completely tasteless. The server was nice enough to remove it from my tab. I am a foodie, and have to give credit when credit is due. The presentation of the food is good but more importantly the taste  is what works for Soul. I would record this for a smaller group due to the size being so small!
5	There isn't a thing on the menu I haven't enjoyed! Even the cupcakes!! You can always trust that the staff will help you choose what's new and fantastic. I'm not a picky eater, so I even let my server pick all of the tapas on our last visit! I want to say we had at least 8 or 9-Every item she chose was amazing! The cocktails are incredibly delicious (I'm a St. Germain lover) and they have a wonderful wine list. Love how cozy it is inside, too!
4	Nice atmosphere and everything we had was awesome! I recommend the fried meatballs, flat bread and their sushi.  The mountain oysters are worth a try if you haven't had them before, very unique texture :-). You won't be disappointed.
2	Don't believe the hype. After reading the reviews I finally decided to go. I attempted to go a couple of times on a week night and it was always a 2 hour wait. Finally I decided to go on a Sunday night and no wait. My bf and I were seated in the corner under the speakers.  I love music in the background while eating out but it was a challenge ending a sentence with Huh.lol. our waiter african American with locs was pleasant and patient when it came to explaining the menu. Being a foodie from NY I tasted all kinds of food and open to trying various foods. We wanted to keep it simple and ordered the teriyaki wings which were not the greatest. The sauce had a strange taste I never tasted before. I also had the spinach pockets. Not what I expected. B had the gyro which had a strange taste. So not like him to leave food on his plate. Conclusion: we will not be returning. Everything is not good for everybody.
4	I'm giving Soul four starts because three is too low. Based on the food, it's a four. The service and atmosphere aren't my thing- loud and obnoxious. The main reason I love Soul is because they serve bone marrow, fried chicken skin, and have an awesome cheese plate. I love the tapas style dishes. The only other items I've had are the hummus, anchovy fries, and the dolmades. Which were all good. So, I have not tried the sushi or ice cream or cupcakes. Based on food alone, Soul is one of my favorite places. The atmosphere is lacking- I prefer quite/laid back, but I'll endure a lot for bone marrow and fried chicken skin.
4	I really enjoyed the food. My party tried a good spread of the tapas and sushi rolls and none of them were anything close to disappointing.  The lamb lollipops were fantastic, as was the ceviche. I ordered one of the house cocktails(not impressed) and then switched to beer (solid selection). The service was good and friendly. The interior was a touch loud but welcoming.
2	Visiting from DC and Rome, nice place but major attitude by the 18 year old hostess who barked at us the minute we walked in. The place smells like food, kitchen needs major work. The manager saved the day.
4	Came here on a Sunday night.  Sat outside on the deck with a warm heater.  Food is really good.  Many Tapa dishes to try so perfect for a group.  Sushi was excellent.  The Quean City Roll was fantastic....tempura shrimp and cucumber...oh yea.  My wife loves the brussel sprouts and the local NoDa beer was good.  The great diverse menu will have us coming back.
3	I recommend the goat cheese flatbread, wings and avocado stack but we didn't care for the hummus or the short ribs.
5	All in all one of my favorite places. Hits all points for creativity, taste, service, ambiance. I kind of wishes they took reservations cause if it is past about 7:30 on a weekend the place is packed and there's a wait, and sometimes The bathrooms could use some help sometimes but I think that has to do with fact that at night there are a lot of people using just two bathrooms. Still, it is an area that could be improved upon I think. I love some Soul!
3	It was good but I would not say oozing with character. No complaints about any particular items. Would go regularly for drinks and appetizers if we lived closer but would not make a point to drive from 30 minutes away with so many other restaurants to try in a city new to us. Menu has a lot of sushi, which we didn't try. The pork belly items were great. The mix of food is intentionally diverse but could benefit from more focus IMHO.
