3	Lots of LCD HD Screens make this a good place to check out a game. The atmosphere is a little bland, but this bar is part of the hotel it's connected to, so you can't expect it to be too crazy. All in all decent bar.
5	I really like SoHo.  First off, it's located on the north shore and close to everything.  Nice bar, friendly staff, sleek and modern.  Great place to watch a game, LCD screens everywhere.  Skip the other appetizers and start with the angry shrimp.  They do a really good job with a filet mignon.  The salmon picata looked yummy, but since it wasn't mine, I didn't get to taste it.  If you don't want a big meal, they have all the usual sandwiches and burgers.  For dessert, have the banana bread pudding or some yummy chocolate fudge cake!  Or, if you're not feeling fancy, just throw back a few beers and bacon cheddar burger.  It's that kind of place, too.
3	This is one of those classic scenarios where I'd like to give 3.5 stars... sigh...Anyway, here's the skinny: SoHo is a great bar to watch games (as mentioned by the other reviewers), an OK place to eat, and the service is fantastic. If it were just based on drinks/service/viewing, I would give it a 4 or 5 stars rating. The food drags it down a bit.I've been to SoHo about 20 times (as I frequently stay in the hotel above it), and they have a decent beer selection and a very good/knowledgable bar staff. The bar can get extremely packed on game days, as it is literally across the street from PNC Park (and a short walk from Heinz Field). On an off-night, though, it usually has a moderate crowd that trends toward the 30-something "hip" groups (it's not a college bar, nor a neighborhood pub).As far as food, it's really hit-and-miss. Once I had Buffalo Chicken Pierogis, and they were awesome. I've also had a Tuna Steak Sandwich there that was great (if I remember correctly, it had some sort of chipotle or wasabi mustard on it that was yummy). However, as I ate there last night, I saw the lower end of the spectrum. I had a shrimp/scallops pasta dish (Diablo Pasta?), and it was not spicy at all (despite being advertised as such). It was just OK (the ingredients, other than the sauce, were pretty good, but the sauce was just passable). A friend of mine said that the French Onion soup was awful (way too much oregano, he said), and his "sirloin" sandwich was not sirloin. So I would just say it's either inconsistent, it has gone downhill, or there are just a few things that they do well.The service, however, is fantastic. No matter how busy they are, the staff is very attentive and friendly (I've never had to wait long for a beer). I've also had quite a few drinks, over my visits, "on the house", which doesn't happen very often anywhere else. They also know a bunch of bartending "tricks" that they will do on request (like the Bailey's/Yager "switching shot glasses" one).One last note is that it is usually pretty smoky in there, so be prepared to have your clothes reek after you leave (which, sadly, is the norm for Pittsburgh).Bottom line: as a bar, 4.5-5 stars... as a restaurant, 3 stars.
3	decent place, feels very chainy.  but food was good enough had pepper hamburger which was pretty tasty.  Probably a little over priced for the food, but not bad all the way around.
3	Not a bad place to start your night off before you head out to PNC. It's right near the park, and they give you coupons to come back after the game for a free miller light...how cool!! Service is good, and they serve Leinie's on tap! (mmmmm summer shandy!) I ordered the buffalo potato cheese pierogies, and they were ok. I felt that prices were a little steep, but I guess that's the price you pay for being next door to the ball park, and connected to a hotel.
3	My friend Catherine came in from Chicago to visit me for the weekend. After a morning at the Aviary, we stopped here for lunch before heading over to the Phipps Conservatory. I'd never tried this place before, so I wanted to stop in. Catherine was hungry--she said she could have eaten cardboard at that moment and it still would have tasted good! Luckily, she didn't have to go that route and the food here was much better than cardboard! We began our lunch by splitting an order of Angry Shrimp. Angry Shrimp is very spicy (as its name implies) and is served over chilled pasta. For my main course, the Apple Raspberry Salad sure was tempting, but my blood sugars were running high (I'm a type-1 diabetic) and I already had my carbs with the pasta. I wanted a burger as a second choice, but their burgers are 1/2 pound and I knew I couldn't finish one. Plus I didn't want to schlep leftovers on the bus. So I opted for a Chicken Cobb Wrap, which was tasty enough. For the life of me, I can't remember what Catherine ordered, but she did remark that the food was good. She tried the Penn Pilsner beer, which she loved. I don't drink, but unsweetened brewed ice tea with a little lemon in it really hit the spot. So the food here is good as is the service. But there doesn't seem to be anything that distinguishes this place from Chili's, Houlihan's, Mex & Erma's, etc. And I wish they'd offer 1/4 lb burgers. Still, it's a good place to go if you're visiting the nearby Aviary, Science Center, the Warhol, or if you're going to a Steeler's or Pirate's game.
3	Food is decent but, priced a bit high. The drinks on the oher hand are incredible.Nice place a watch the game with hd tv's everywhere. Eat at Firewaters and come here for drinks.
3	Went here with a couple friends during a conference across the river. Service was typical for a this style restaurant, nothing spectacular.  Half off appetizers for happy hour so I got the sampler (again, nothing spectacular). Decent meal. My friend was disappointed by the his chili and the other did not really enjoy his buffalo pirogies. I might go back if I want some cheap appetizers and a beer during happy hour.  Seating outside was ok at best.
3	Why is this restaurant called SoHo? Is it an effort to capture the artsy-fartsy joie de vivre of Manhattan's neighborhood's namesake? Lord, I hope not. The restaurant is located across from PNC Park in just about the least artsy-fartsy neighborhood of Pittsburgh. But I guess Post-Game Drunken Fratboy Hangout doesn't really have a good ring to it.Is it a nod to Pittsburgh's very own SoHo? Lord, I hope not. The restaurant has far more glam than the rundown neighborhood trapped between Duquesne University and South Oakland. But I guess Depressing Shithole doesn't have a good ring to it, either.Whatever the story behind its namesake is a moot point upon experiencing the restaurant's fare. Here's what you can expect:1. Meh food. The SoHo steak and cheese is essentially chopped steak and Cheez Whiz on a bun. It's not particularly delicious. The fries were good, though.2. Outstanding drinks. Perfectly priced, elegantly presented, and expertly mixed. The Cinnamon Toast Crunch martini is ridiculously delicious. Honest to God, it tastes like a friggin' bowl of the cereal. Except with alcohol.If you're in the North Side, go for a cocktail during Happy Hour, but don't schlep out for a special trip or for a memorable meal. You won't find it here.
4	Staff was friendly and prompt.  Lunch was reasonably priced and served up fresh anf quickly.
3	Just above bar food but fine in a pinch.
4	Did you ever go somewhere and eat something and think, "Alright, this is good, I'm not blown away, but alright..."  Ok, then, did you ever realize, that months later, you're still thinking about something you ate there?  And then you start to think, "Hey, maybe that was better than ok, since I'm still thinking about it..."It's kind of like a movie that you're luke warm on, until you realize that you're still thinking about the movie two days later, and then you're like, "Actually, I guess the movie was better than I thought, because I'm still thinking about it two days later."   Yeah, this place is kind of like that.  We went there back in October.  We had just driven about 6 hours from Jersey to Pittsburgh, we got in kind of late and hungry, and decided to get something to eat here because it was so close to our hotel (and I did not want to get back in the car and drive somewhere.) They had a good drink special (a couple of dollars for a margarita), and we got sandwiches and burgers.  Nothing amazing, but they hit the spot.  But, here's the part I'm still thinking about... they had a special that included the option of sweet potato tater tots.   Sweet Potato... Tater Tots.  Is that redundant?  Should it be Sweet Tater Tots?  I don't know, but I do know they were willing to substitute them with my sandwich even though I wasn't getting the special.  And I do know they were goood.  So, now I'm a 6 hour drive away, it's two months later, and I'm still thinking about those Sweet Potato Tater Tots.  And, for that, I'm giving this place 4 stars.  SoHo is really close to PNC Park, and not too far from Heinz Field.  They also deliver ("room service") to the two hotels right there, Spring Hill Suites and Residence Inn.  Ask for the sweet potato tater tots.As for me, I'm left wondering if sweet potato french fries (the more common menu cousin of the Sweet Potato Tater Tot) can ever truly be an adequate substitute, or if I need to go out and buy myself some sweet potatoes and try to tot them myself...
2	Hotel restaurant/bars are usually not known for being the best in town.  So when I had the opportunity to eat and drink at SoHo recently, I can not say I was surprised that I found the cuisine to be on the uninspiring side.  Is it terrible?  No,  but you know that better is out there.  The blackened chicken wrap was boring.  The flavor was missing and the entire meal was just bland.  Also, white tortillas just do not do it for me.  Why does it seem that Pittsburgh wants to thrive on fatty, flavorless food?Upon ordering the caesar salad on New Year's Eve, I was told that the restaurant has no non- or low-fat dressing option...at all.  However, I can order a salad with FRENCH FRIES on it.  Seriously?  The salad was fine, by the way, and is a large portion but knowing  that tons of calories had to be consumed just to get a vegetable in me was disappointing.On the bright side, the smoked turkey wrap, which comes with havarti cheese and cranberry sauce was ridiculously good.  The turkey was juicy and melded perfectly with the cheese and cranberries.  That I could eat again and it would  fill me up all day.I also sampled the buffalo pierogies and really just found them to be the Mrs. T's ones with Frank's Hot Sauce on them.  They were good, but uncreative considering the price ($8.99).The drinks here are decently priced and pretty good.  Friends I was with sampled a few of the drinks on the interesting cocktail menu and were happy with their choices...they were strong drinks.  When my co-worker and I arrived though one night to dine here, we were not offered cocktail menus so I just stuck with wine until I was no longer in the mood for a cocktail.  Service on New Year's Eve was apathetic.  Granted, the place was packed, but we had  to wait for silverware and had our food and drinks pretty much thrown at us.  Even when it slowed down we were barely paid attention to and were hardly treated with any amount of friendliness even though numerous drinks and food orders were made.There are a ton of TVs here, so it is a great spot to watch a game.  Even during busy times, there is a space for you but it will take a while to flag down a server to seat you if you want to sit.  I think I would stop back here if I find myself at the Springhill Suites again, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.  Can't win 'em all, right?  Pro-tip:  You can not access the restaurant from the hotel it is attached to (Springhill Suites) without a key and you can not leave the restaurant to get into the hotel without one.  Want some good people watching?  Sit and watch people try to get from one to the other without realizing you need a key.  Ridiculous.  Since you can access each of these places without a key from other doors, this does not make any sense.  But, it is what it is so do not forget your key!
4	SoHo is always a great place to start out at before heading to a Pirates game, or anything else going on in the North Shore. My networking group had a social here a couple of weeks ago - and it went awesome! We provided appetizers for the group - and they ended up bringing more than what we had ordered as a thank you. Also, we had almost 100 people They sectioned off part of the bar for our group, and were able to accommodate everyone with their drink orders in a quick fashion. They are SUPER easy to work with, and we are looking to hold more repeat events here because of that.
3	Another lunch spot for the northshore.  This probably has the best food.  The french dip and the wraps are very good.  It's a tad pricey but not horrible.  They're really good for pickup.  As is a constant problem on the northshore, service is INCREDIBLY slow.  You won't get out of here in under an hour if you dine in.  The waitresses are just MIA with refills and bringing checks, and the food takes a while to come out too.  But if you have time to spend, it's probably the best lunch spot on the north shore.  If you're running low on time - call ahead and grab it to go.
4	Quick service and seating after the pirates game.  Sat outside because it seemed quieter than the developing bar only scene indoors.  Outside got a lot of car lights in the face, but, food was decent and we were in and out pretty quick.
2	SoHo clearly relies on the Pirates crowd across the street, and Steelers and Pitt games. When there's a game, the place is packed. Other times, it doesn't seem so busy. The food has been OK. It's generally bar food, with an effort to be more. Execution is varied. Try the seasoned tuna sandwich with a side of parmesan risotto; just tell them how you want the tuna cooked because they don't seem to know and will overcook it.
3	The place is a little noisy and the menu options seemed a bit plain, but the service was great and the food was decent.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner.. The Chicken Marsala and pasta was very good. My husband had the beef tips and said they were also good...
4	Came to this hotel bar / restaurant on a Tues evening in December. No local home games and not much on TV except out-of-town hockey and 2nd rate college basketball. Probably an over-crowded zoo on Steeler game days, and probably crowded before / after Pirates games. Quiet but not dead on this night.Normally a sports bar would get 3 stars from me just for having good (but not great) draft beer selection, lots of HDTV's playing all available games, decent (but not exceptional) food, good service, and a space that is clean. What set this place apart for me was two things...1) the space is pretty nice, a modern upscale sports bar, and 2) they offer a "prime rib burger" for a $2 upcharge which was exceptionally good. Dare I mention a candidate for "best burger" in Pittsburgh? Yeah, I would say so. For sure.
3	Soho is very So-So.  Restaurants.com had a coupon for buy $25 for $10.  I snagged it but the conditions were annoying- spend $45 to get the $25 and no alcohol is included.  BOO!Anyways, I ordered the shrimp cocktail to start.  It was okay- 6 nice sized shrimp served in a martini glass with cocktail sauce and 2 lemon.  Not bad, the shrimp could have been a little colder.For dinner Kev had the buffalo chicken wrap with onion rings and I had the cobb salad with a side of balsamic vin.  I like the cobb- avocado, chicken, pieces of bacon, toms, egg, lettuce.  It is good but nothing special.Our server was nice.....The food here is just very blah.  The atmosphere is good to watch a game.  That $25 coupon didn't get us very far.  We ended up paying $54 with tip and with the coupon!  I guess our bill didn't add up to what we needed it to be to get the full bang for our buck?  Still confused.......So-so is nothing special.It's not priced right to win me over.  Nor is the food good enough.
2	A number of the reviews here giving off the "eh" vibe? That's because Soho is a kind of "eh" place.I visited for the first time yesterday evening. My boyfriend and I decided to stroll over the bridge to catch some Jazz Live in Katz Plaza (Roger Humphries - really good show) and then headed to North Shore for some grub. Now, I don't find any of the restaurants near PNC to be that good (see my Bettis Grill review) so I knew we weren't going to find anything spectacular. We settled on Soho because I'd never been there before and Atria's doesn't appeal to me.I did like the open layout on the inside of the restaurant. Looks like a perfect place to catch a game. Finally - a halfway decent TV setup, Pittsburgh! The bar is ginormous and they seemed to have an extensive liquor and beer selection. The draft selection was lacking, but they did have quite a few choices in bottles, if that doesn't bother you. I did not check their wine list, but I know they do have one.My boyfriend ordered a chicken stir fry and I got a cheddar burger. My first thought: "These two things should never be on a menu together." He said the stir fry was so-so. Ingredients were spot on, but it was lacking any real flavor. Someone mentioned this place as being a runner for best burger in town - huh?? There are a number of places I would put before Soho's: Winghart's, Burgatory, even Olive Or Twist! My cheeseburger tasted like a frozen Bubba Burger from the grocery store (you know the ones ... ). It wasn't terrible perse, but it wasn't particularly good, either. It was just so-so. The cheddar cheese on it was not very appealing - it tasted like one of those individually wrapped Kraft slices. Onion rings were tasty, but I've rarely, if ever, had bad onion rings.I would visit this place again if my focus were more so on watching a game and drinking than actually eating. Otherwise I say pass. In fact, skip into town over eating in the north shore at all.
3	The ambiance was adequate, but a bit too loud.  I ordered the grilled chicken parnesan, which was a weekly special, and it was superb.  The prices was appropriate.  Overall, a decent place, but not spectacular.
3	4th of July... everything is packed so of course there was a wait, for a table of 12.  There really wasn't anywhere to actually wait, and even though many of us ordered from the bar, we got the distinct feeling that we were not welcome to linger while waiting for our table, so we were in the way of the wait staff no matter where we tried to cram ourselves.  The food was good though.  I had a buffalo chicken wrap and it was good.  However, someone at our table was charged for extra ketchup... what is that about?!  Glad I didn't ask for extra buffalo sauce as usual.  Despite these issues, we were served in a timely fashion and the food was better than I expected because of the reviews.  It is pricier than it should be for the quality but still better than I expected.
4	My family and I stopped by here for a quick dinner before the Pirates game. Since it was a game day, they were offering a limited menu that boiled down to typical bar food. Sandwiches, wings, etc. But, WOW...what bar food it was!The burgers were amazing. My dad got a steak salad that was delicious. I think my mother was able to get some sort of pasta dish that she really enjoyed as well.Good food, at a fair price. I will be back the next time I am in the 'burgh for a game. :)
4	After a number of visits I am upgrading SoHo to 4 stars - it's upscale bar food in a nice setting and one of the best options in the area around PNC Park.  The menu is large so I doubt much is all that fresh but SoHo serves standard bar appetizers as well as decent sandwiches and average burgers, plus even some entrees which generally seeem to be quite good.  They also offer a whole bunch of sides with your sandwich & burger rather than just automatically getting fries - gotta love the tater tots and even the mashed sweet potatoes are pretty good.If you're in the area for a game or any reason, SoHo is a nice upscale option for food or a drink - and there are plenty of TV's for watching sports.  It's a good place to hang out.
4	Stopped in for lunch before a Bucs game. Great service and food.  Hamburger was thick and juicy cooked perfectly.  Service is excellent.  I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop.
4	Stopped in at an odd hour after wandering over from the Warhol museum. Very good burgers, friendly if a bit slow service. The vibe is somewhere between a really upscale bar w/food, a hipster gastropub and a fancy restaurant slumming it with bar food. But it's good, and we'd return if we were in the area.
4	Ate here twice in one day. Once for lunch and again for dinner. Staying at the hotel and the dining locations nearby, according to Yelp, were less than desirable unless you head across the river to the restaurants there which were rated much better. Didn't feel like doing that so I ate at the hotel restaurant. I had a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich for lunch that was just ok. Not recommended since there are so many more items on the menu to choose from. Not sure why this simple dish wasn't better -- you'd think a restaurant in PA would know how to make a decent cheese steak sandwich. Had a local seasonal brew that was interesting but wasn't good enough to order two so I followed it with a Blue Moon which is always good. For dinner I had some chili which again was good but not great. They cover it in cheese like a French Onion soup which was interesting but the chili itself could have been a lot better. I also had a chicken quesadilla which is in the appetizers list but was very good as a dinner item. I'd have that again. Big chunks of chicken and tasty. I stuck with Blue Moon for a dinner beer but did get to try another local brew that was really bad. Don't remember the name but I'm glad they let me try it before ordering because I would have hated choking that one down. Service at the bar was very good and friendly -- it's a huge bar and usually had two attentive bartenders behind it. Would go back just to hang out and have beers there.If this were a "normal" restaurant, I'd give it only three stars due to the food. But since it's a hotel restaurant, I'll give it four stars, especially when compared to what's nearby. I went into a local bar near the hotel and was ignored until I begged for a draft beer that was served in a plastic cup. There were tons of glass mugs nearby and when I asked for a glass, my beer got colder because of the bartender's cold stare.
3	SoHo Pittsburgh. Not SoHo NYC.  Was staying in adjoining Marriott property. Food was pleasant as was the service. Waiter was honest about the mediocre food. Crab cakes have too much filler. coworker had pork chop (seemed smaller than advertised. Dumplings were good. Wings looked okay. One at of our group had the french dip sandwich and liked it.  Deserts were pretty good.  Come with the proper expectations and you will be satisfied.
3	Went here to watch the College National Champ game.  Was not as crowded as you would think but it was a Monday.  I didn't eat here.  Had a few drinks is all.  Cool place to hang out.  Would like to go here again
3	In town for the weekend with friends and we went to SoHo for a drink and something to eat. The bar/restaurant is HUGE, which I'm sure is awesome during the baseball season. The waiter was a bit in his own world, but we received pretty good service. The French onion soup had a little too much bread and not enough onions, but the tater tots were awesome (we ordered 3 bowls). This could be a great before/after pre-game spot. It was clean, good atmosphere, and a good spot to hang out with friends
3	I've had better.
4	Great food and a very cool atmosphere. We happened to go when the restaurant was hosting a party so it was very noisy but I'm told that's not the usual thing there.The food was fantastic. I was particularly impressed by their dressings. My wife got a Caesar salad and while I enjoy Caesar dressing I don't usually go out of my way to order it. This dressing, however, was really good. The best I've ever tasted. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap, and again, it was the blue cheese dressing that really made the dish. It was a shame that we came on such a crowded day but I'll definitely be back soon to try more.
3	If 2-stars means "meh, I've had better", then I'd have to give it 2 stars. I'd say if "fine" in the slightly pained way the means "how about we think of someplace else. "Now, not that it's bad, because its not. A good beer selection, nice bar clean, nice staff.  Good place to watch the last round of the Masters. But if 3 stars means A-OK, I'd have to give 2.5.  The menu is uninspired, the food is ok but expensive, the decor is a little funny. Better places on the north shore.
4	A nice selection of drinks (reasonably priced for Downtown Pittsburgh + next to a stadium) and the menu was easy to follow with plenty of variety. Food was well cooked and fresh ingredients - it was worth sitting outside!
4	Stopped over before calling it a night after a Friday night Bucco game plus a few stops.  We were very pleased with the relaxing atmosphere.  Music was playing but not nearly loud enough to drown out our conversation.  Took a pizza with us back to the room.  It was good.   Nice stop when on the North Shore!
1	My food was plain and boring. Our service was sub-par; we asked for water when we first got there and it didn't show up until shortly before we got our check. The dumb ass waitress spilled water on the floor by our table but didn't bother cleaning it up so when one of the older ladies that was joining me got up she slipped and fell. The manager on duty did apologize, but that was it. There was no offer of a comp or anything and she basically turned around and went on about her business despite us pointing out to her that there was water on the floor that caused the fall. Fortunately no one was seriously injured, but I really don't think that the staff handled the situation with any sort of intelligence or empathy. The place was noisy and it was pricey.
2	We we're not impressed. The prices are high for what is bar food with no real uptake.Service was neutral both visits (stayed in attached hotel).Would be willing to grab a cocktail but definitely better options around.
1	I'm staying at the hotel at which the soho is located and I thought it would be a convenient place to eat dinner. Well, it was overpriced and the food was terrible. I ordered the chicken parm pasta and got it to go to my room. The pasta looked and tasted like it was days old and soggy, the chicken was overdone (dry), and the tiny (super tiny) roll was dry and stale. Very bad food and overpriced. Not only was the food a huge disappointment but the bartender who took my order was unfriendly and not helpful. She then began to pour beer from the tap into a glass and sprayed beer on me and didn't say a word, though I met eye contact with her as soon as it happened. She was more interested in talking with the other waitresses.......you know she got a great tip :)Try another place for food even if you have to step outside of the hotel, there are a bunch of places to eat across the street and at the baseball stadium that is right next to the hotel....Atrias was pretty good and very nice wait staff. http://www.atrias.com/
3	Stopped by Soho for lunch. I ordered a blackened tuna sandwich with the risotto.  The tuna steak was huge and could be a meal on its own. The blackening was not very spicy, but added salt and crunch to the outside of the tuna. The tuna was cooked to medium rare as requested (closer to medium, but still good). The issue was that the blackening did not add much flavor to the fish. The risotto was not creamy like a good risotto and looked like slightly dried out risotto drowned in Parmesan cheese. The food was okay and the portions were huge, but not highly memorable for me.
1	I wish i could give this place no stars! we sat for lunch after a lunch rush there were 2 other table in the restaurant besides ours, we ordered a blt with chili and a cesar salad....1 hour latler a stale BLT and chili that looked like it had been sitting there for 2 hours comes out. I was still waiting for my cesar salad. The chili was cold and the blt bread was so hard you couldnt bite into it. When we asked to speak to the manager the waitress got very defensive... the manager came over and explained that is their food and how its made so he wasnt sure of the problem. After an argument going back and forth ensued he agreed to comp the meals. Here is the kicker haha...we were going to leave the waitress a tip because clearly it was not her fault however, she came over and asked if our problem was resolved we said yes and then she rolled her eyes and walked away. No tip for you my friend. This is not how you do business especially when there are other options BESIDES SOHO to choose from for lunch.
1	Nice looking place and the worst service i've had in the last 20 years.   After waiting 10 minutes to have a bartender at a less than half full bar acknowledge us we then ordered and the drinks arrived.  Hope you only need one round because after waiting 30 minutes to try to order a second round we paid with exact change to save us from wasting another hours of our life.   It is hard to explain how oblivious the bar tenders were.
2	Soho was disappointing. Lunch was very crowded, so we sat at the bar, even though there was an open table for 3 by the window. We were just 4, but they wouldn't let us put an extra seat at the open table. It was also very loud for a weekday, the noise from other tables carrying easily.I ordered the french dip sandwich, with risotto on the side. To their credit, the risotto was delicious, but such a tiny portion, I inhaled it in no time. Especially considering the french dip was so boring. The meat and cheese was bland and the sauce had far too many herbs in it. Not to mention, the food is definitely over-priced. I don't think I'd go back, but if I did, I'd order the risotto and nothing else.
3	Just your typical hotel-restaurant. They offer great happy hour and daily drink specials. Atmosphere was nice. Part restaurant, part sports bar. Food was average. Had the shrimp-crab bisque to start, which was easily the best thing I had that night. Then did a French dip sandwich for dinner, as there wasn't many "dinner" choices that intrigued me, and also the precious reviews of dinner dishes weren't good. Sandwich wasn't very good, typical bar cuisine though. Girlfriend had the chicken broccoli pasta, which was excessively cheesy. Overall, it's not bad, but won't knock your socks off. It certainly benefits by the lack of other restaurants near it.
4	Very good bar in Pittsburgh's North Shore. Nice draft and bottle beer selection. Had a Pittsburgh salad and burger. Both first rate! Great service and a lively atmosphere full of friendly customers enjoying themselves. Full menu including steaks, seafood and pastas. Calling SoHo a bar is a misnomber.There are a few mistakes you can make selecting a bar for dinner in this neighborhood. SoHo isn't one of them!
3	I got the buffalo chicken salad. No complaints. Wasn't the best salad I ever had nor the worst. You can't complain to much, the location is convenient. It seems like it would be great during a game.
2	Bar next to stadiumTypicalbar next to stadium placeWaitresses def looking for other jobs Not happy at allThis isn't even a game night
3	Working in Allegheny Center Mall, there are not a lot of walkable options for lunch especially if you want something sit down that is a little nicer.  Soho is one of the more popular choices because it is fairly close and has a wide variety of menu items.The biggest issue is that it is hit or miss on all accounts.  There are times I've gone and service has been exceptional where we were easily in and out in an hour.  There were other times that it was time to walk back to the office and our food had not yet even arrived.  The food quality is the same way.  There are times that everything is perfect and tasty.  There are other times where everything in the order seems to be wrong and taste off.One downside is the price.  For the type of restaurant it is, the prices seem a bit high.  That being said, it is a restaurant located in a hotel and next to a stadium, so I suppose they may feel justified in their higher prices.Overall not bad, but it seems like it is better for drinks or appetizers rather then full meals or a quick lunch.  Especially if you are trying to get back to the office or out in time for a game.
4	We were looking for food late night on Thursday and nothing was open.  Since we were staying at spring hill suites we thought we'd give it a try. We were afraid it would be expensive. Flipped menu to sandwiches.  Had a burger or turkey burger or hot dog or chicken sandwich with side for $9-10.We thought that was good and we had no other late night options.  Food came out hot and fresh. My chicken sandwich was grilled nicely with plenty of juice left in. Homemade chips as side.Place was large and clean. Pirates out of town so we walked right in at 10am on a Thursday night. Full bar but we didn't order anything.
5	I love it here.  Great game day event location.  Great meeting.  Huge bar.  Huge selection.  Not just bar food.  So you will enjoy a dinner.   If you have the munchies it will hit the spot.   Ok do let's do it.  Have some fun.
1	No redeeming qualities here. Schwill on tap. Food was terrible - had the pizza, mac & cheese bites, and spinach & artichoke dip.  It was hardly edible. Stay away.
3	I came here awhile back for lunch after kayaking for a couple of hours.  I ordered the Pittsburgh salad, and it was decent and filling, which is what I was looking for after getting some exercise.  I agree with other reviewers that prices are a bit on the high side, however.  Since I was there on a day when there wasn't a game, there were few other options open either along Federal St. or in the Del Monte bldg.  They have outdoor seating, which is a good way to enjoy the weather on a nice day.  Overall, the food is pretty typical for places along Federal St., but a bit higher-priced.
3	Good food but takes too long before game to get order, be sure to come early, 35 mins to get food.
4	Came in on Monday for some pre concert drinks and dinner. We were greeted nicely at the door and got sat in a booth, which I love :) our server was Jess, she was very nice and attentive to all of our needs. I was never there before and she helped me pick out drinks from the menu and had great recommendations.  We had Mac and cheese bites as an app, so good!! Then for dinner I had the turkey club and my boyfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap, all very yummy :) she even brought me a small sample of the black bean salad I was wondering about for the sides. The few different people who ran the food to our table were very pleasant also, a very nice staff all around. We had a nice time and would definitely go back again !!! :)
4	I love reviews where the folks say hey they were slammed, etc. What do you expect on game day? They're trying to serve as many as they can and still maintain good service. In any case, I ate here twice during my recent visit to Pittsburgh. I had the Tuna the first time and sat outside, although I wished we had sat inside as the seating outside is limited, and I really don't care for people passing directly next to us on the street. The Tuna was excellent; this is a hard to find item as sushi grade. The second time on a game night I had the NY Strip. Also excellent. Good beer selection. The tip on game night is to get there early, NLT than five or so. Otherwise yes, you will be slammed. Service was great from the server, but the hostess not so much. The dining room wasn't close to full and she sat us at the tiniest two-seater table. Before I could say anything she was gone; I just moved us to a nicer table; there was no reason to seat us there. Again, maybe it's a game day thing. The hotel is connected to the Springhill Suites, and they deliver to both Springhill and the Residence down the street.
2	Meh. I always hope for the best. I did not, however get the best. Although I would have to say the pretzel bite appetizer wasn't bad. But I really don't think there's much you can mess up. The buffalo pierogies however, was a total miss. I do not want to make any accusations, but they did not seem to be freshly made, maybe frozen pre-made ones. And they were covered in hot sauce. It didn't look appetizing, nor did it actually taste appetizing. They have half off appetizer specials for food and $5 drinks. But all the special drinks were mixed, and I knew they would probably be way too sweet and frou frou for me. I went with a glass of Malbec, which was a good choice. Actually, it was the best choice there. Maybe stick to beer or wine and you'll be good to go here.
2	Had the chicken sandwich,  my sister had the guiltless chicken. 30 minutes after ordering, our waitress came over to ask again what we had ordered because she had forgot to put the order in. Food was flavorless, plain. Was there a few nights ago for drinks after the game, waiter wouldnt allow 3 of us to sit at a 4 top table (but had a party of 1 sitting at a 4 top right next to the table we were going to sit at). Do they even have tables for 3?? 15 minutes later... he asked his manager and allowed us to sit there. Overall, its a close spot to PNC but given both experiences, wouldnt return.
3	We stayed at the Spring Hill Suites next door to this place, so we decided to give it a try.  Love the design and interior of the place and they have lots of beers on tap.  Probably is a better bar than it is a restaurant.  The menu has a wide variety of good looking choices.  I simply got a Grilled Chicken sandwich with Swiss cheese and roasted red peppers and mashed potatoes.  It was ok.  The chicken didn't have much flavor to it and it was very thin breast that didn't fit all on the bun.  The mashed potatoes and gravy also didn't have much flavor to it.  My Dad had a burger and he said that was good.  It also took quite awhile to get our food after we ordered, despite it not being busy.  Our waitress wasn't overly friendly.  She was good, but all business, no pleasantries.  If I am staying at this hotel again (not likely), I'll probably eat here if I don't feel like venturing out.  However, I'd probably go somewhere else downtown otherwise.  I wouldn't mind going to the bar sometime though.  It really is a nice looking bar with plenty of seating.
3	Just walking around the area and ran into this place.  Nice big screen tv's and lots of people.....not over crowded,  no wait. Still took awhile for our food to come out. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and Mr. had the quesadilla and wings. He said the quesadilla was just ok. My wrap was spicy and pretty good. Place cleared out pretty early for a Saturday night.  Overall, service was slow, staff was friendly,  and food was okay.
1	Stayed @ the hotel. Ordered sirloin steaks. No steak knife, no mashed potatoes, no asparagus as ordered. So, Check your order. I mean for a 2 person $50 meal with tip I would hope the waitstaff would deliver on what was ordered & asked before we left. But skip the 20%, $10 room service fee & http://www.sohopittsburgh.com. walk downstairs.
4	This place was a nice venue. The wait ayah was friendly and inciting and my food was tremendously delicious. I'd recommend it to anyone. Only complaint was the amount of time to be seated
4	Good restaurant with a diverse menu, I've been here 4 times now and always had a good meal. The Tuna appetizer is awesome, if you like heat get a burger with the ghost pepper cheese its hot but great, tuna entree is good as well as the steaks. I'll be back again.
