5	Despite going through several different owners in the last 10 or so years the recipes have stayed consistent as has most of the friendly and helpful staff.  The new owner's added sushi which is made to order, is fresh, and very tasty.  I usually go for the spicy white meat chicken teriyaki bowl, spicy with brown rice. Their version of spicy is spicy so order with caution.  The chicken is moist and tender, with a nice smoky teriyaki flavor.  Brown rice is fluffy and moist for a brown rice, white rice is sticky with the proper texture that absorbs soy or other sauces. Others I have gone to eat with have ordered a variety of items, and I have never heard a complaint other than the inability to finish the meal.As stated before the seating area is small, they do a lot of take out business and if you need to talk to a member of the Glendale or Phoenix police or fire you will probably find someone from those departments eating there.
4	Like their Terriyaki bowl and also the bulgogi, sushi is also a good choice here are well. Haven't ventured much on their other items maybe one day...
1	Welcome to Shill-ville AZ, population at least 2. Within our borders, service lacks any cordiality. Humidity and temperature within the walls are sweaty hog blistering in the month of January. Food takes a little too long for it to be called "Express" and takes even longer to eat it. Why? Because the cuts of meat are akin to those of urban legends more along the lines of Snopes. The only flavorings are eclectically listed on my palate as soy sauce and sugar. When asked for some Sriracha sauce the owner gives thee a look as if asked for pickled human placenta. Let this be a dire message to anyone looking for a true review... would you eat at a place that tries to imitate Yoshinoya?
4	Big middle finger goes out to Panda right now, Japan is my new "Express" for a quick Asian food fix. You should already know better than to get sushi from these types of places, so if you insist, just get something deep fried and smothered in eel sauce. Yes, it's an abomination to real sushi, but it's pretty darn tasty.The bowls here are cheap, and come out so fast you just KNOW it wasn't made fresh. The spicy terriyaki chicken bowl was so scrumptious that I didn't care. And for a total of around $7, I inhaled it, washed down with a bottle of Ramune soda. Delicious.
3	I had a roller-coaster experience at Japan Express. We called our order in for pick up, I was told 15 minutes....not a problem. When we got there to pick up our food we still waited 10 additional minutes (down). The sushi chef said my salmon roll was fresh so it may still be pretty cold (up). Once home I opened up my katsu bowl and it was amazing (way up), my son loved his teriyaki chicken and my daughter loved her obento (getting higher). Until she found a wire in it (down, way down). The wire was breading into the pork...good thing she was paying attention to what she was eating, who knows what that wire would have caused. I did call, to let them know what we found...the lady who answered the phone said she thought she knew what it was but she had no idea how it got into the food. She said it was probably a wire from the brillo pad-disgusting. She did offer me a credit for the price on the obento next time we go. I understand that things like this are not the norm, or so I hope. The remaining of the food was really good. I will update when we go back for our credit.
5	Fucking BENTO BOX!!!!  Oh man,  getting diabetes has never been so delicious.  These boxes are massive to the point where you can barely close the thing.  It's as if the food is fighting imprisonment so it can raid your taste buds for all they're worth.  These babies have dumplings, rice, fried pork, teriyaki chicken, and a small salad so you don't feel so bad about it afterwards.   Which you won't. Now if you don't want to look like a total slob you can get the Teryiaki Chicken bowl.  (Spicy is my thing but hey, you can puss out if you want)One massive bowl of rice and meat later and nothing seems so bad anymore.  Not even the dead hooker in your trunk can steal anything from this afterglow.
4	I drove back on the 101 after getting my car serviced in Peoria and took Olive so I would pass this place. The extra star is for being FAST. No wait, maybe it's for their staff being sweet and polite. A teenage girl was working the counter and I got the mom n' pop feeling.  If Korean beef rattles your saber, then stop here for sure.  $5.95 for a huge serving with rice. It's not quite authentic bulgogi, but it is very close. The affordable and freshly made veggie roll was tiiiight."Oh man, getting diabetes has never been so delicious" made me laugh out loud in my open office and I had to explain why. Thanks you, Christopher G.
5	I love this place! The staff is attentive and friendly, the service is fast, the food is great and also a great value.I recommend the spicy teriyaki but have them add green onions. The sushi here is also good and I recommend the spring roll sushi roll on a hot day.
3	Yelp seriously needs to have half of a star option!!! But anyways, when I first walked in, the restaurant seem a bit small but it was cozy.  I was in the mood for some sushi after reading their sign saying that it was happy hour for all kinds of sushi for Saturdays and Sundays.  However, when I asked the cashier what were the happy hour deals, what she was telling me...I could not understand a thing she was saying.  All I understood was happy hour is only available if you spend more than $30 on sushi.  So, when I asked my friends who have been there already, they told me there is no such thing as happy hour at Japan Express.  I was glad I did not get sushi or else I would've been BROKE!!Anyways, I had ordered the Sukiyaki Beef.  It was very bang for the buck! But then I wished I had order the Curry one.
5	Love the spicy teriyaki chicken bowl . I have lunch there whenever I'm in the area. Definitely worth it to me.
5	This is a small restaurant with amazing food, I eat their three times a week.
5	I love everything they serve at Japan Express. One large chicken teriyaki and a roll of sushi can feed my family of 5.  Chris, the owner is super cool, and always lets my kids watch him make our rolls.  I can not say enough great things about this place.  I highly recommend to anyone who wants inexpensive but not lacking on quality or taste.My children want them to bottle up the teriyaki sauce so we can have it at home.
4	All I had here and on order is there spicy teriyaki chicken with brown rice. Tastes good Everytime. What more can you ask for. Also every once in a whole I order a rahmun soda.
5	I constantly find myself here ordering the spicy Teriyaki chicken bowl. It's amazing. Best Teriyaki I've had, I love how spicy they make it. Good price too.
4	This place is right next to a Fry's grocer we go to on a weekly basis and since my usual choice of sushi is normally no better than a supermarket my hubby and I thought we'd try it out because it was 1) close by and 2) had sushi plus other meal choices.I'm the sushi fan and my hubby is not too much. I got a dragon sushi roll which was very tasty and spicy which came with plenty of wasabi and ginger. It's definitely a step above what I've eaten at a grocery store (not like that's a good compare, haha) but I'm not an expert. Nevertheless, I was pleased with it. I also ordered a small spicy chicken teriyaki because so many people on yelp seem to love it. It's not super spicy but flavorful, wish there were more sauce so perhaps I'll get some extra next time. The chicken had some charring but for me this wasn't bad...I like the smoky flavor and it was not overcooked.The small size was a lot to eat and filled me up even before I had any sushi. My hubby ordered the large Oyakodon bowl which had diced chicken topped with egg(simlar to egg foo young), green onion and napa cabbage over rice. It was definitely a different dish for him but he thought it was pretty good. It was a huge portion which he only got half way through.The price was pretty decent for the size and taste in my opinion. We did wait about 15-20 minutes for our order, part of the reason was because they messed it up and had to redo one of the dishes. Will definitely try them out again because they have a wide variety of sushi and other dishes.
5	I recently had a first father daughter lunch date with my dad and really enjoyed the food here. I loved the half and half teryaki bowl the lady suggested and omg the shrimp ebi was so yummy. I can't stop craving this place now and can't wait to try more of the menu items. I will absolutely be eating here as much as I can.
5	My sister and I were in Glendale to visit Cerreta Chocolate Company. We wanted a quick and healthy lunch and googled for sushi place in the area. We had a small teriyaki bowl, a small spicy teriyaki (very spicy), a vegetarian sushi roll, and a miso soup enough to feed 4 people. Prices are good.  Service was excellent! We had a great time visiting Arizona.
5	I like..no, wait...I LOVE the spicy teriyaki bowl with green onions on top. I remember making my husband drive multiple times all the way to Glendale to buy me some while pregnant with our last child 5 years ago. Even now driving the 45 minutes to get there is worth it. Can't find a place to satisfy my taste buds like it where I live & believe me I tried. (Best food discovery while attending GCC years ago.)
5	One of the best Teriyaki Eel bowls I've had! Sushi was also delicious and Really Fresh. I'll be back!
5	Hands down...Japan Express is amazing!!! The chicken teriyaki bowl is to die for....blows any other bowls at other fast food chains out of the water! The teriyaki sauce is just so perfect and the chicken is tender and yummy. The rice is ALWAYS cooked perfectly. If you like sushi....it is always so fresh and made right to order! I would highly recommend the Salmon Philadelphia Roll. It is amazing!!! Check out my picture I posted.....it is a work of art!!!You will not be disappointed trying Japan Express....there is something yummy for everyone!
4	This place is really good. I assumed it was like Kyoto Bowl, or Samurai Sams. It is a step up. If those places are like McDonalds, this place is like In-n-Out Burger. I ordered our dinner to go, My GF had a teriyaki/ Broccoli Bowl. She said it was good, but had some buyer's remorse once she tasted my Katsu Bowl. That thing was delicious. Lots of different flavors going on we were very impressed.We had an order of California Rolls. They were freshly made, but came with only wasabi. I expected ginger to be in there so I didn't ask...Bummed to find that when I got home, but I should've asked so...There was a big ass ant on the counter, but for all I know he jumped off my shirt. He looked lost and out of place. Unconcerned. (So why'd a mention? I dunno)Great bang for the buck, 2 very filling bowls, and 4 cali rolls for about $16. I will go back for sure.
5	Love Love Love Japan Express! You can't go wrong with their quick and fresh take out. Not bad for dine in either. Their dragon rolls and firecracker rolls are amazing! Their beef sukiyaki and teriyaki chicken is very good too. I hope this place stays around forever cuz there are none like it around anymore.
4	Prices were comparable to a lot of other Japanese "fast food" places in the Valley. Sushi was good. I would definitely go back again.
5	One of the best Japanese places I've ever been to. Reminds me of the old Kyoto Bowl place but this is way better. It's fresh tasting and has great portions. I go to school at GCC and for lunch I will usually go there once in a while. Great sushi and love the teriyaki bowls. Recommended!
4	Though I had known about this place for a while, I hesitated to go because of my experiences with the likes of Kyoto Bowl. When I finally got a chance to try it last week it turned out that the food in this place is definitely superior to what you'll get in other Asian fast food establishments. The restaurant is simple, clean, and plain, and is located in one of the many strip malls that line Olive Avenue in Glendale. The food is very tasty, inexpensive, and the waiting time is quite short. This is the place to go if you want good quality rice bowls and sushi and don't want to spend much - especially with sushi, which tends to be expensive in most sushi places.
5	I love Japan Express for the large #1 teriyaki chicken on brown rice. I shake on the toasted sesame seeds, some siracha and some chili seasoning. There is a pitcher if purified water to that is always nice too. Police and Fire eat there often.
5	I love this place. Best Teriyaki in the Valley. Big serving size, awesome rice, good chicken, perfect sauce. I've hunted for Teriyaki like this for years. Must try!
5	All I can say is this place has awesome food, my sister came from Cali and I told her about this place, so we went to eat, she loved it! I had the chicken teriyaki with steam vegs everything was. To die for & the sushi is not very expensive & fresh, the deep fried crunch roll, omg lol oh and the serve was good also.
5	The food is excellent. I am very picky and I had read the Yelp reviews of others before trying out this place. I got the eel bowl which consists of eel slices with a delicate sauce over rice. I chose brown rice. My husband got the chicken teriyaki. He was very pleased with it. We will definitely be going back. There are a number of items on the menu that I am looking forward to getting. The food was prepared perfectly. The atmosphere was comfortable and the service was nice.
5	The food is always fresh. The service is friendly. The sushi is always fresh and made to order.
4	Japan express has the best teriyaki bowl and rice! Also the sushi is fresh and made to order. The employees are always very friendly and helpful! I love japan express!
4	Small, clean place.  Prices a little higher than expected for sushi in this area, but not bad.  Only disappointment was the fish quality.   Tuna and whitefish were heavily marbled and a tad stringy, not sashimi quality.
3	Great for take out only. There place is too small for a sour down restaurant.  Their spicy tuna sucked.
5	Me and my husband are always looking for good Sushi. I was glad I checked Yelp for this location. The Sushi was good but so was everything else we ordered. The Teriyaki Chicken, Tonkatsu (pork cutlet), and Gyoza (pot stickers) were incredible. We have been and will continue to go back to Japan Express. YUM!
4	My favorite place for chicken Bowls.  All the food is pretty good and the sushi is fresh.  Only thing I don't care for is the crab puffs.  They tend to be a little burnt
2	I had a teriyaki chicken bowl with broccoli. The chicken was kind of burnt. The broccoli was good. The rice was decent. The teriyaki sauce was too sweet. Nice people though!
4	I came here on my way to school the other day and didn't get the chance to sit down and eat there but they are express so you can always do a take out which is pretty quick, i ordered teriyaki chicken with broccoli and can't wait to try what else they have to offer.
4	This is my go to place for a quick bite while at work. The staff is always friendly and the food is fresh. The chicken isn't fatty either which makes the bowls taste delicious. The sauce is a little bit sweeter than most places but none the less still good.
5	Food is awesome! They definitely give you your money's worth compared to other places. Their spicy teriyaki chicken is amazing. Can eat it everyday!
4	I had the spicy teriyaki chicken, which was pretty good for those that aren't in to sushi. My lady had California rolls and spicy tuna rolls. She liked those quite a bit. The service was quick as well. I put my order in by phone and arrived within about 10-15 minutes to my order already being completed.
4	Don't let the looks of this place deceive you.  Fast service and good food is what you'll find at this tucked-away gem in Glendale.
3	Not sure how I feel about this place, it's understood that it's Japanese fast food but regardless not the best Japanese fast food I've had.Came here for lunch and got the Eel bowl and the Tonkotsu Meal. Eel bowl, lacked just that the eel! Skimpy tiny pieces, unagi sauce a bit too salty. It's a simple meal but with thicker slices and holding back on the salt the bowl would've been perfect. The Tonkotsu Meal came with Tonkotsu, Rice, Miso Soup and a small salad mix. The Tonkotsu was pounded thinly, meat looked a bit too grey for comfort, batter not crisp, nor crunchy from panko breading that I'm accustomed too. Though you do get a big portion for the price you pay ($8) I'd rather head to a Hawaiian Fast Food place to get Tonkotsu. Ideally, I wanted to come here for sushi but the sushi chef wasn't in ... bummer.Service is typical for a fast food joint, order at the register and eat at any of the tables. Interior is clean and water, utensils, napkins and sauces readily available.
5	The whole family loved the food. Kids really enjoyed the noodles and teriyaki chicken. I tried the Firecracker Roll and it was delicious. It was small compared to the size of roll you get in So Cal, but the flavors where there and exceeded expectations for a fast food joint. The service was excellent and place was kept clean. We are adding this place to our reoccurring  list of places to eat!
4	I always get chicken teriyaki which I think is the best I've ever had. The chicken is not rubbery which alone makes it great. Its cooked perfectly. I wish they're spicy teriyaki had the option to be spicier. We did order eggs rolls that were soaking wet of oil so I do not recommend those.
4	I have been coming to this place for the past three years and I love it.  Same faces everytime I go in, which is a plus.  Food is great, from the sushi to the other dishes.  My favorite is the "Chicken Yakitori".
5	This is my second review, about a year after my first review. As always the bowls are delicious and the sushi is fresh and wonderful!! Keep up the good work!
4	Good food served up quickly at a reasonable price. We had the spicy teriyaki chicken bowl (best I've tasted) , the California rolls (very good) and two egg rolls - all were very tasty. The establishment is clean and without many frills, the staff is friendly and quick. Who could ask for more?
5	Japan Express is a little hole-in-the wall fast casual dining experience you are going to fall in love with!  The store front is unassuming and approachable.  You simply walk up to the counter and order.  They are always happy to answer any questions or concerns.My husband had the bulgogi dish and it was so moist and packed full of authentic flavor.  I had eel on a bed of rice.  Even the rice was really moist and savory.  We shared some miso, edamame and a rainbow roll of sushi and all were just delicious.Be warned though, this is a small restaurant, not suited for large parties and is FAST CASUAL, not casual.  They will bring your meal to table for you, but only after you walk up and place your order.
5	Seriously best teriyaki bowl I have ever had. I like spicy but I think the spicy teriyaki takes away from the flavor. Their sushi is always fresh and Saturday and Sundaythey have discounted prices. We like to share a large teriyaki bowl and get two rolls. My favorite rolls are the Futomaki and Tokyo.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!Decided to try Japan Express out after my daughter's dentist appointment a couple doors down. When we first arrived, the folks at the counter were very friendly & helpful in my trying to figure out our best options. I was looking for a sushi roll with cream cheese and the gentleman told me to just tell him what I liked & he'd make it. I thought that was awesome! I ended up basically with a California Roll with cream cheese. It. Was. Awesome! I don't know if it was the quality of the ingredients or that he rolled it right then so it hadn't been sitting around, but it was THE best sushi I've ever had! Now, in fairness for review purposes, I'm not a Sushi Connoisseur so "best sushi ever" to a more experienced pallet might be a reach - but for my unprofessional pallet - I'm hooked! Ginger was perfectly sweet, Wasabi had the perfect tongue pinching, one eye watering zap that I love, the veggies were crisp & fresh, the rice was sticky but not paste like or dry, crusty & stale - I could taste everything! Simply delicious.I also got a regular teriyaki bowl & my daughters got a large noodle dish w/Chicken (the name escapes me) to share. Both were also fabulous! The portion sizes were great but with my two, we should have gotten both in a large because they don't eat Sushi so were both still hungry. Our total bill including a large soda was about 20 bucks so also not a bad value.Very happy that I tried Japan Express out! Now have an inexpensive & delicious Sushi go to! :0)
1	Today I got a craving for Sushi... Because I tried them the other day I decided to go to Japan Express... I took the 15 minute drive (nothing else to do on the way or even nearby - ONLY went to get their Sushi) with salivating anticipation the entire drive. I go inside and start my order at which time the girl at the counter says, "Oh! I'm sorry - we don't have Sushi today." ARE YOU FRIGGIN KIDDING ME?!!? Sushi is more than 50% of your menu! Your window is PLASTERED with pictures of, yup, you guessed it - SUSHI. And you randomly "don't have any today"? I asked when there IS Sushi & she told me "it varies". HUH? Well guess what - since you randomly have your menu options available AND made me waste both time & money in gas to play sushi roulette - I take back my glowing review - and I won't be coming back to gamble with you ever again. Thanks!
3	My family and I are such BIG fans of the Jalapeno Dynamites, sometimes it's hot and sometimes very hot.  We don't care we love it!  I would like to see at least one steam side in the future, but I suppose fried sides are more popular here.  The food is delish...it wouldn't hurt if they change up using different vegetable(s) sometimes instead of the ever popular onions and cabbage in some of the chicken dishes.  The teriyaki chicken and broccoli could be substituted with a different vegetable for those who are allergic to broccoli.  I love the vegetable bowl minus the broccoli.  I love some of the sushi rolls esp. the specialty ones, BIG portion sizes.  Miso soup is so good too.  The owner-manager is the only one who makes the best sushi so I understand he can't be there 7 days/wk.  It wouldn't hurt to call beforehand if he's there or not if you're craving for sushi.
5	I love this place. Although it's small & not very noticeable where it's located, it has the best teriyaki chicken... EVER. Also, their rice is delicious with the teriyaki sauce & hot sauce.
