4	3 cheers for solid local family businesses and honest mechanics. So there's no $9.99 oil change or crazy coupons or gimmicks- these people take a lot of pride in their work, hold themselves 100% accountable for the job they do, and are just generally delightful people that I can trust with my 4-wheeled livelihood.... much more important to me than any lil discount to try to trick me into spending way too much on something I don't need...(yes big-o tires, I'm talking about you...nice try) So go support another quality local business with great work ethic and great employees.
5	I highly recommend these guys.  I normally change my own oil but haven't had time in the past couple months.  They did it in less than 10 minutes for the cheapest price I could find--I have no idea how they beat Wal-Mart's price, but more power to 'em!
4	I am really glad Aliria reviewed this place!  I was literally driving on my way to Danny's car wash for an oil change when I quickly Yelped Lightning Lube and saw her sole review standing proud with four stars.I will admit that when my phone notified my friends I checked in here, I got a few....questioning...text messages due to the name, but I would gladly head back here any time for an oil change.  I love no-nonsense care places, and the young lady who helped me at the front didn't try and sell me anything extra.  She just let me know that my windshield wipers were all but useless (a fact I've noticed every time we receive a rare rain shower.)  I was so shocked that I wasn't pressured into a $100 transmission flush that I nearly fell over.The service was really fast and the total came to a very reasonable $30 total - not bad for supporting the little guys against the shady Midas' and Jiffy Lubes'.
5	Came here because of the yelp reviews and the dealership is twice as much here than back home. It really was as fast as everyone said! They changed my oil (and I also had to get my air filters replaced) in less than 15 minutes and it came out to only $40. The oil change was $20 (I had a $15 coupon and since I have an SUV, they just added the cost of extra quarts of oil). Very cute family owned business and very good customer service. You can definitely tell that they won't try to haggle you for extra services, which is already cheaper than any other place I've been to. I will be back for sure!
5	I pulled up to Lightning Lube around 5:45 pm on a Saturday and was immediately greeted by one of the owners. Never had I received such prompt attention from an auto repair shop!  I was afraid that they wouldn't be able to do the job since I was cutting it so close to 6 (when they close on Saturdays), but I was reassured that they definitely had time. Service was quick and thorough, and as I was waiting another customer told me how Lightning Lube was the best auto place in town; not once did they try to jack up prices or throw in unnecessary parts/services to the tab. Instead of the typical "oh you need a new filter" [just trust me] scenario, I was shown my actual air filter, which clearly needed to be replaced. With the Yelp discount the total bill was $21 (not including the $24 air filter, which I was not pressured in to purchasing). Overall an extremely reasonable, FAST, and quality service with a matter-of-fact, pressure-free approach. Screw the dealer, I'll be coming back for my new air filter and oil changes!
5	So, my previous review was only 4 starts because it was based off of one oil change. And while I still say the experience was exceptional, I can now award a 5th star to Lightning Lube for 3 more superb visits. I barely know the very basics about my car, and I wasn't taken advantage of for this. Looking for an honest, hard-working mechanic? Boom. The most recent visit:My very... *ahem*.... economic car was having troubles this past week and I was really not looking forward to hearing someone tell me all of the things I could or should fix. I wanted to hear what I just needed to do -without spending 1/2 the value of my car on repairs I didn't really need.So, I steered away from the big businesses speckled around the valley and visited my local Lightning Lube. The honest, frank, open discussion we had regarding which options to pursue was much appreciated. I felt like someone was on my side and really wanted me to drive away just with the quality parts I needed rather than a bunch of extra crap to pad the price a bit. I also noticed that they don't carry cheap-o parts either. They stand behind all of their work-and with good reason!So it's official- honest mechanics, great business, quality parts, and not to mention efficiently done. Thanks again, Lightning Lube:)
5	So fast! I called ahead and asked for a good time to show up; I was in and out in less than 20 They even had the little office decorated for pattys day since it was March. Friendly and they hustled to get me in and out.
5	This place is great.  Family owned and operated.  The mechanics are the owner and his son, and the wife works the office.  I went there this Saturday, because I needed a quick oil change while in town, and because they had great reviews and a killer deal at $18.  I basically pull up and right into the lane.  I hop out, the owner gets my info, and in less than 10 minutes I paid and was on my way.  By far the fastest oil change I have ever had, and they don't try to sell you a million services like jiffy lube.
5	I found these guys on Yelp because I was looking for an honest shop, and a good deal on an oil change.I can honestly say that they live up to their reviews. I've never been disappointed. I pulled in last week for my regularly scheduled oil change, and the thing I like most is that I never get pressured into "buying" additional services.Also, they respect my time. Even if there are a few cars in the queue, I know I will be out of there within 20 minutes or so. Honest, fast, and legit. Like Steve Nash.
5	This is how a business should be run! Went in for an oil change today after searching for a place on Yelp and I must say the reviewers on here are really on to something. I almost felt guilty paying so little for an oil change... its basically the same I would pay for the oil and filter to do it myself.Service was super friendly, honest, and was happy to go through the laundry list of everything that is (genuinely) broken on my car. Recommended some more important fixes, but placed NO pressure on me what so ever to purchase any additional parts of services at the moment. Really couldn't be any happier. They have a life long customer as far as I'm concerned!
5	Nothing bad to say about this place.  I came in this morning and even though there were a couple people ahead of me and the guy was running everything by himself, I was still in and out within a reasonable amount of time.  Very fast and efficient and honored the discount for mentioning yelp.I will definitely be coming here from now on instead of Jiffy Lube.
5	I was so sick of a certain car wash and oil change chain that always finds a slew of "problems" with my vehicles. I needed something new, and this place hit the spot:  Simple, "mom and pop" style place, without the high pressure salesmen. Just mention "yelp" and you've got a great deal on an oil change. Only been there once so far, but I'll be going back.
4	I was in and out of this place in 20 minutes and couldn't be happier!  The man started to charge me $26 something, and when I asked about the Yelp deal (it had said $18.99 + $2 fee) he quickly lowered the price but added that they were supposed to take that special off.  I asked what the normal rate would be, and it was the $26 plus some odd cents which still isn't bad at all in my opinion.  He did mention to me that my air filter needed changing (I'm not surprised, this is the desert) but I can do that myself and that I need new wipers which I didn't go for either (it hardly ever rains here, this is the desert) but even with that I didn't feel pressured at all!Especially as a woman, I really appreciated the no-nonsense approach without trying to scam me.  I'll go back! And will happily pay the $26.
4	My engine light came on - uh oh...trapped in an automotive knowledge dead zone.  I yelped automotive repair...up came the glaring reviews of Lightning Lube.  There was no b.s. - straightforward "this is the thing with Mazdas"...I will DEFINITELY be going there for my next oil change (or knock on wood for anything else that happens to the Cranberry Coach (yeah, odd color, I know).  Try 'em, you'll like 'em.
5	Fair price, privately owned with friendly service and they actually know what they are doing. This is a really good alternative to the chains.
5	I found Lightning Lube on Yelp when I first moved to the area. I know nothing about fixing cars and I was coming off a 1600 mile drive in moving from Portland to Phoenix, so I needed an oil change.I tried them out because of their reviews and I'm glad I did. They are friendly, fast and do great work. Lightning Lube is the epitome of a no BS business. There is no upselling or guilt tripping like you get at some auto shops. They just ask you what you're looking for and they'll let you know if you need anything else. Last time I was here, they told me I needed a new cabin air filter. I was like "eh, it' $40...". So they brought my current one in and showed it to me. "This is the air you're breathing currently", they said, shaking the dust from my filter. After that I told them to ring it up and install it.I'm always in and out in 20-25 minutes, and always happy with the results. Prices are great and their check in offer on Yelp makes their oil changes even better. If you live near Scottsdale, this should be your go to place for oil changes and general auto maintenance.
5	I needed to get my fan belt replaced so to prevent myself from getting ripped off I went to Yelp to find an honest mechanic. Lightning Lube had great reviews so I decided to check them out. They replaced my fan belt like I needed and I drove away happy.
5	This place is great! Clean facilities, seems family owned. They don't try to suggestive sell you to death like other oil places so we bring ALL of our cars here. In and out fast. Reasonably priced. Frequent customer card gets free oil change after five visits.
4	I found them on YELP and I have been there twice now so I figure i like it.  I have an FJ that takes Synthetic and i am amazed at how quick they are.The woman at the front is very friendly and they have the Cooking channel on in the lobby.  I enjoyed making sarcastic remarks to Jamie Oliver for 20 minutes and I was off in a flash! I plan on bringing my truck back when i need my next tuneup.So, If you need to get lubed quickly, this is the place to do it.
5	A big thanks to my fellow yelpers for this recommendation. This was definitely the least painful oil change ever! I always dread getting an oil change, because I feel like I'm walking into a lion's den.  Well not here! The guys working here very nice and made me feel very comfortable.  They did the "Check Engine", the oil change, and explained everything to me in less than 20 minutes.  Also, they didn't try to sell me on anything I didn't need. I don't know why I would ever go anywhere else.
5	I love love love this place! I lived in tucson and would get my oil changed when I came up here. I'm a girl that knows nothing about cars and I feel like they're very sincere and won't try to get you to add stuff you don't need! And they're very quick!
5	Fast, family owned, and honest!
5	After driving cross-country to get here, it was time for Maximus to get an oil change. I looked on Yelp for somewhere to go and like everyone else, was impressed with their great reviews. I was unable to go but my Mom took my car for me and was very happy with their service and speed. She came back and recommended that I continue to take my car here in the future. And that is just what I've done.I usually go on Saturday afternoons and am in and out fairly quickly. The last time I went, I needed my air filter replaced too. They brought it in to show me how dusty it had gotten from all the haboobs. I would have believed them anyway, but I can see how a lot of other places would try to make some extra money telling you that you need it replaced when you don't. They do a few other services too but I would call to ask first since they're not a full service auto shop. My boyfriend needed his brakes replaced a few months ago and he got quotes from 2 other places that said it would be $500+. He needed an oil change and of course I told him to come here. They do brake services too and did it for him for $300. They did it right then and there. We didn't have to come back or leave his car, how convenient and efficient!The waiting room is small but clean and air conditioned. They usually have a few magazines to keep you entertained. You wont get through the whole thing anyway because they're that quick. I'll continue to come back as long as I'm in the area and highly recommend them to anyone else in the area!
5	I have now become a loyal Lightning Lube customer! The service is fast and friendly and they don't try to rip you off! What more could you ask for in an oil change? The waiting area is clean and I love how they keep it simple! I dropped in they took my keys, 20 minutes later they charged my card and gave me the keys! It was affordable and didn't include an awkward sales pitch on oil, tires, filters etc. Perfect!
5	My car needed a full synthetic oil change and I'm very happy I found Lightning Lube. The staff was very nice, the prices were on point, and I was in and out with a full change in less than 20 min! I will definitely be back to Lightning Lube in the future!
5	Amazing customer service and extremely honest. Won't try to sell you anything you don't need. Will be returning for any future car problems/maintenance.Don't forget to mention Yelp!!!
5	seriously the only place i'll take my car in no matter what issue.. their customer service is awesome and they are honest. it's so hard to find a place that won't try to rip you off and try to sell you on everything and anything, not this place. oil changes are super fast and Mike, the mechanics guy, is awesome and HONEST.they definitely earned a loyal customer. THANK YOU.
5	Great service, great personality.
3	Decent service, ok price.  They are one of the quickest oil service places around.
5	Look for a good honest place to get an oil change? Look no further! I'm always leery of trying out new oil change stations. I've had terribly bad experiences at other places that rhythm with iffy tube and yep toys.  Not this place. It's fast and friendly. The lady at the counter was really knowledgeable, help me choose the best service for my vehicle, and I didn't feel like I was being ripped off. I shall be a regular.
5	Literally had me in and out. My poor car was way overdue for an oil change and a nice woman helped me out and it only took about 15 minutes and fairly cheap too. She also gave me a card that says if I get 4 oil changes, my 5th one is 2 bucks. Great deal. Will be back.
5	Read over the many positive reviews and have come here and to the Mesa location for services. To sum up other reviews and my own personal experience in 3 words: HONEST, FRIENDLY, and NO PRESSURE". I guess that was four. These guys are great!
5	Fast, cheap, and a yelp coupon to boot. I'm new to the area and this will probably become my go to oil change location. I also like the fact that I'm supporting a locally owned business not some chain.
5	I found this place by my work when I needed an oil change.  I have been looking for a good place to use for a couple of years.  I was able to get in and out in under 40 minutes and was treated very well.  The cost was lower than I have paid in the past for the same service.Instead of being pushed into making purchases that were not yet necessary I was given recommendations as to a time frame to change/fix the items.My search is over.
5	This place is great. Workers are pros and very honest take pride in thier work. I will never go anywhere else. employees are great not like the punks at jiffy lube etc....So go and you wont regret it.went 4/29/13 at 11 am
4	I give them the highest rating and i will explain why. You get treated as a person here. The married couple that owns this lightning lube do everything they can to help you get your car the best maintenance. They make sure to explain to you what they are doing to your vehicle and most importantly they give you peace of mind knowing that they took carevof every bit of preventive maintenance for a really affordable price. Great people. I will definitely be referring my friend and coworkers here.
5	Let me add one more 5-star review for these guys. The shop was fairly busy this past Sunday afternoon, and I was warned it could be a 30 minute wait. There's a Jiffy Lube down the street that looked empty, but a bunch of 5-star Yelp reviews have gotta be worth something, so I stayed.Was out the door faster than expected and the mechanic even diagnosed a front axel boot that needs to be replaced in a low-key, honest and "no-pressure" way. He took me into the bay, under the car, to see exactly what needs to be done. I found the clean work area and organized tools under the car bay to be as interesting (and informative) as getting to see exactly what was wrong with my car.Great experience with this shop. Highly recommend them.
5	Very friendly and great service. I went in. Because my brakes were squeaky and they told me all I needed was my front two pads. They didn't try to oversell me and they were honest which I appreciate. I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	Fast! I was in and out the staff were very polite good customer service: it felt like a family run business good cust service is hard to find ill def be back!
5	Very friendly and great service! came in for an oil and oil filter change and the lady recommended the proper oil for my car.  they also have directTV in their cold office so u can just hang in there till there done :) They also give u a $4 coupon when u check-in for the first time :)
4	Honest place and service.  A little slow and pricey, and they don't do tire rotations.  I would go back for an oil change if I were in a pinch.
5	Very pleasant, efficient, straightforward and honest opinion. Would come again if I lived here. Took care of my oil change and air filter and said my other filter was fine. Thank you for the quick turn around and service.
5	I moved to Scottsdale from the east coast at the end of October.  At home, I took my car for oil changes and everything else to our small town mechanic, who knew my Dad for a long time and so I knew that I would be treated fairly.  I received great service and I have now taken my car her several time and will continue to do so.  One time after I had been pulled over, I stopped in to find out if they would sign off on this work order that I had been given by the police and the gentleman was kind enough to sign off and install the licence plate bulb for me and did not charge me a thing.  I greatly appreciated his outstanding service and would highly recommend Lightning Lube to anyone!!!
3	$115 for an oil change and two air filters for my civic. I must've had a really long day or she had magical powers and made me forget I could simply change the filters myself in less than 5 minutes and save myself a ton of money.  I think they get you with the trick of showing how gross your filter actually is.  My impulsivity jumped in and I left questioning how I just swiped my card for that much. Also, let me know beforehand that you're using the synthetic oil so I wouldn't have been as sticker shocked. Actually, she told me a price but I didn't process the breakdown until work had already been done.  Nonetheless, quick work which I appreciate. Also, I didn't find service to be as inviting as suggested here. Sure, it wasn't bad, but I don't know why I expected something more. She wrote my mileage was 124,555 when it's actually just over 62,000. Doesn't change much, but does say something about attention to detail. And I wasn't given a VIP/frequent visitor card!
5	I will honestly never go anywhere else. This place has the best customer service and is always amazingly fast and thorough. The quality and price are second to none and I never feel pressured or upsold. The employees are rad and just want to give you what you NEED at the most affordable price to keep your car running safe and sound. Yesterday I was literally out of there in less than 20 minutes. LOVE Lightning Lube!
5	honest, fair pricing. I wont get an oil change anywhere else.
5	Great customer service, quick oil change, and quality shop! I try to support small businesses and this is a great example of why.  In and out within 15 minutes with no appointment!
5	Great service, great pricing...I'll return for sure... They didn't try to force an additional sale on me.
5	I was very apprehensive about getting my oil changed at a shop.. I had heard all the horror stories about taking your car in to get an oil change. I couldn't have been more pleased with the service. The people that work there are courteous and efficient. My oil was changed, and all fluids topped off in about 25 min. No one tried to con me into buying a service for something I didn't need. I was very pleased with the service there and I will be taking my car back to them for my next oil change.
5	SUPER helpful and honest. Other places diagnosed my car with needing much more than it actually needed. Lightning Lube saved me a couple hundred dollars of unnecessary work and had me in and out quickly. This is my new go-to shop. Support family owned and local shops!
5	I've been getting my oil changed here for the last year and I love this place. Most companies try to up sell you on everything but the people here are honest. They work quickly and are incredibly friendly. There is a reason why this place is so highly rated by Yelpers!
2	I feel bad disturbing the 5 star trend here as I went here because of the stellar reviews.  Besides the 0 pressure sales, Jiffy Lube has this place beat.I came on a Friday morning and there were two people waiting. I came into the office and there was no one there so I stood for a few minutes then sat down. Another person came in as  desk guy came in and he got checked in. The desk guy ran back out.He came back in and I gave him my keys. At this point I was there about 10 minutes. I waited another 30 minutes and it was time to discuss services.  He suggested an air filter which looked dirty so I said to change it, but he checked and they didn't have my type.  When I was ready to go 15 minutes later I asked if they checked the air in my tires (part of the full service oil change) as my tire sensors have been going off when it's cold and he said they did, but sometimes it takes some driving for the light in the car to go off.  Sensor still went off days later so I had to put air in.Maybe they were overwhelmed or having a bad day, but I did not get good service and the entire visit was awkward.Ultimately, I don't mind saying no a bunch of times and paying a little more if it means a smooth and quick visit. I'll be going elsewhere next time.
5	They were open on sunday, so thats a huge plus for me.  Went right around 9 when they opened and I was second in line.  Really straightforward and fast which I completely like.  I have a newer car so if you come out with a laundry list of things I need to change or fix you instantly lose crediblity in my books.  I did replace an air filter because the guy brought it out and said "no you dont have to replace it, but I would, its pretty dirty"  and I could see it was really dirty so I replaced it.  At no time did i feel pressured and I was in and out in like 30 mintues.  If I go to the Acura dealership I feel like I am there forever and I need to shower afterwards because I get that gross car dealership feeling.  I would highly recommend!
3	Where to begin. Sat in the waiting area listening to the married owners yelling at each other almost the whole time. Couldn't help but noticed they didn't perform all the work on a full service oil change which was to include checking tire pressure and greasing (lube) the various chassis points. All they did was change oil and filter and topped off antifreeze (with water) and steering/brake fluids. Not much work for $35! Took about 35 mins and I was only customer.
3	Seems like a pretty friendly shop. One technician and one front desk woman were on duty and I was in and out in about 20 minutes, even with two cars already in the bay. The price was $30 and used the YELP check-in for a $4 discount on the first change. Of course there was the air filter pitch as well, but this woman explained (nobody in like 100 Jiffy Lube oil changes ever did), why I need a new one? Unless she was pulling the wool over my head, it appeared to be a logical explanation. That was about 15 bucks. Only problem is that they don;'t email or appear to offer any coupons or discounts for future oil changes. Still, it was a good enough experience that I will go back, even though they don't really clean windows or do anything extra or at least tell you about things they did do.
5	My gf recently got her car oil changed here. The man took care of her and was very honest. Filled her tires with air, changed the filter and was speedy as he was the only one working there. Nice guy. Did a great job and even took care of engine light issues. he went above and beyond. Def cheaper than going elsewhere and with better service!
4	They changed my oil and added fluids ... ie wiper and coolants. Not everyone I've been to automatically adds other fluids so yay!  Maybe they could be a bit less direct or brief with their communications. For example, One customer was told, there are 2 people ahead of you. Have a seat.
5	Moving here from California, I needed to find a new place to do my oil change. I checked reviews on yelp and decided to give this place a try. I went in, sat down and anticipated to stay a while. To my surprise, within 15 minutes my car was done. That was the fastest oil change that I have ever got AND they did not try to sell me anything I didn't need. I will definitely be returning here for all of my future oil changes. Their prices are great and their customer service is phenomenal!
5	One word...great customer service with a sincere concern for your time and money. Okay, so it was more than one word, but these guys got me to give a review( which was well deserved) and that is something I rarely do. Josh was great! He helped out in any way he could and the other guy was just as great,  although I can't recall his name. All I can say is try this place out! You won't be pushed into buying anything unless you really need it and you'll get an honest oil change.
5	Great staff and place. I came here to get my oil changed, and my drain plug was stripped. Consequently, the mechanics were not able to do it either. They told me to come the next day because they were going to rent/buy a new tool. To top it off, they serviced me at a discounted price. I was really happy. They came out of their way just to finish the job. I recommend this place for great service and staff.
5	I have taken both my car and my wife's car there.  They do an amazing job.  One time I took my car there because I had a flat tire and I was worried I messed up my wheels and they looked at it and told me nothing was wrong and didn't charge me.  They are the most honest and upfront mechanics I've ever dealt with.
5	The owner Michael saw my review and invited me back to make good on my prior service. I just want to say how pleased I am with their willingness and effort to win me back. I have to say that Michael and Diamond are super and do an amazing job. I will be a loyal customer. They bent over backwards to do right by me and they did so and then some. Thanks again guys and can't wait for my next visit. This is the best place for all types of service and not just oil changes. Thanks Again guys. Keep it lubed!
5	Love coming here, fast, reasonably priced and the staff is friendly. This is the only place I get my oil changed.
1	Sent my wife here once. Even though I I had followed her home the day before and checked to make sure all her lights were working front and back these guys seem to find two lights out? Keep in mind this was three years ago but never forgot it and now you know.
5	great service
2	Unfortunately I did not have a good experience here.  I had two cars serviced for oil and one had the transmission fluid replaced.  About 4 weeks later my transmission light came on and I took it to the mechanic.   Apparently my sensor had been broken off and Bondo was used to glue it back in.   Since these guys were the only ones to service the truck other than the dealer in the last two years, I am pretty sure it was them.  Not positive, ergo two stars and not one, but pretty sure.  So all told my lube cost about $250 with the repair.
