4	A favorite of mine since I was a little girl, the Coffee Pub is still going strong. One of the best spots in Vegas for breakfast. Don't miss the smoothies.
4	Awesome place. For a period of time this place became a daily lunch spot for me and the co-workers. From my understanding they changed management, and with that all the riff-raff left. So now you get nice waitresses who treat every customer like they have been going their for years. Like Cheers! And if you ask if something is good, they will even give you their opinion. Nice.. I've only had 1 probably with the food. And all that was, was a mayo issue. Mayo is the horrible step-child of the devil. Thats what I think at least.  But other then that no problems. Oh. Smoothies aren't too nice, I don't drink coffee, and the chai teas are okay. If you hang out at Starbucks, don't bother. You are spoiled. :(
2	So we decided to give the coffee pub a chance based on past reviews, hoping to maybe find ourselves a new breakfast spot.Unfortunately we were pretty disappointed.  The White mocha was a mish-mash of unbearably sweet and bitterly burnt espresso/milk.The pancakes were bland and ..... tough?!?!?!  it takes some special skill to make pancakes TOUGH and leatheryThe country potatoes were.... a confusing mix of underdone and overdone.and in Eimi's words, the ribeye  - "Tastes like the reason why I didn't like meat growing up"Prices were above-average for what they serveThe only saving grace that kept this restaurant away from a one-star review was the friendly waitress.I was hoping for so much better than below-mediocre.  The search for a breakfast spot continues.
3	The Coffee Pub used to be my absolute favorite place for breakfast for years. I will admit that this is not the coffee pub of old, but new owners have taken over the spot.It is an incredibly convenient place to meet for lunch or breakfast, and they have good pastries. Always a good sandwich, but I would not recommend anything grilled. Still, a patio lunch in Vegas is always a good thing, and they do have a nice patio to meet for a quick coffee and croissant!!
2	I have been here 1/2 a dozen times and each time it just gets worse. The staff is very friendly but not particularly attentive.On several occasions I had to get up from the table to request coffee refills. And what's with the wooden stir sticks? Where's the metal spoon you used to give me?The food is mediocre. Eggs Benny is acceptable but the yogurt with granola and peaches was disappointing. Canned peaches? Blech. Where am I? Shoneys? The sandwiches are fair. I hear they used to be much better with the previous ownership. Last time I was here, the esspresso machine was down and that really bummed me out. If I'm not psyched about the food, at least give me a cappucino!The reason I keep finding myself here is that damned outdoor seating. I love sitting outdoors and not paying Strip prices to do so. So... here I am panning a place that I'll probably end up at again and kick myself for doing so.
2	Have been eating at the pub for a few years, and each time I go I remember why it's been so long since I last went.  Today, our food came out in 15 minute intervals.  When we asked the waitress what was going on, she said there is no food warmer, so it comes out as it is ready.  Which is all well and good, except there was only one warm dish ordered, and it came out first.  The food quality just continues to go down, if you order the same thing a few times, you realize each time it is different...whaaa?  The service is spotty, but how can you blame them when it might take a table 45 mintues to get three entrees.  By the time the last entree came, we had to leave, so the last meal had to be wrapped to go.  Not the gem it once was, and only marginally convenient.
4	I really love this place. It's a small family place that has great food. We go at least once a week or more to eat.
4	Its exactly what Vegas lacks, in a good way; small, cozy, breakfast/sandwich shop. Their service can be slow at times, so I wouldn't recommend going when you're in a hurry.
4	Feel the need to stalk your state legislator? There's a good chance you might find them here.Now, I must first off admit that I have yet to actually eat here. (Though, the food looks and sounds delicious.) I have, though, been here several times for work meetings and had coffee here.This is a cozy, unassuming place. It's fairly small and definitely laid back. Service is technically slow, but it doesn't quite feel that way. It just seems more like what you would expect of a small, casual family-owned type place.And as someone who isn't usually a coffee drink drinker, I really like the mochas, lattes, etc. here.It's got a great ambiance and feel to it.
5	The food was fresh and delicious...  The service was excellent and very quick...  Highly recommend their omelets. If you ate here before and didn't like it, I would give it another chance...  We did and were very pleasantly surprised!!!
5	Best Breakfast place in town. Very friendly and excellent service. Check out their wall of Fame ( Autographed photos of Local Celebrities & Politicians ) Love the outside seating, local news magazine selection, Coffee and Hash Browns.......
4	This is a nice small non-chain coffee shop. The owners and my waitress were very attentive.I had the lobster melt with fruit cup. The sandwich was very good and the fruit was fresh. Service was not slow. My meal was cooked to order.I recommend and will be back. The patio would be a nice place to sit in the Spring or Autumn when LV weather is nice.
4	We tried the Coffee Pub for the first time today. What a nice change from franchise restaurants. We came in at closing time, 3PM. They're only open for breakfast and lunch. The owners were so polite and served us quickly. They came by often to see if we needed more iced tea and even offered to give us carry out cups with more iced tea. The sandwiches were fresh and tasty. I thought the prices were reasonable. We plan to go back again soon as the menu looks interesting for breakfast as well as appetizers and main course dishes. I like it when the owners chat with you and make you feel welcome. They appreciate your business.
4	I've had the pleasure of coming to this establishment since back in the days and it has never disappointed. Some of my favorites have always being the boca burger w a powerlift smoothie that always hits that special spot. Make sure to come by and give this little coffee pub a try because for me is being always a great treat.
4	Great off-strip location for breakfast or lunch!  Super delicious and friendly place to eat!  Convenient and plentiful private lot parking - no valets or hassle!They have an outside patio, too -- and plenty of seating inside...without ever a wait.  When I lived in Vegas, I would come here 3x per week for lunch.  It's owned by a lovely couple who set a relaxed tone to enjoy, and have hired wonderful servers.The menu is great, expansive (= lots of choices!)...and they will accomodate any changes or special orders.  My favorites are the soft chicken tacos, roast beef melt, the chicken tortilla soup, and/or any of their omelettes (served all day, get it with their great home potatoes).  They also have fresh baked goodies (muffins/cookies), and great coffees.  It's a winner!
4	We had the lobster omelet and pumpkin pancakes. Both were DELICIOUS! Their toast was perfectly toasted. The regular coffee I ordered was just ok, and I wasn't a fan of their potatoes that came with the omelet. Other than that I would have given it 5 stars and I will definitely come back. The decor of the place is really old but I didn't mind it. The waitress was really friendly so that's another plus.
4	Lobster omelette.  OK, now that I have your attention, it's a very good breakfast.  I had a Groupon for the Coffee Pub and I decided I'd use it yesterday.  I had viewed their menu online and I knew this was the breakfast to try.I ordered the omelette with home fries and rye toast.  The omelette was a nice size.  It was filled with the lobster and cheese sauce.  There were some larger pieces of lobster, but most were small pieces.  That didn't detract.  One wouldn't expect a lobster tail in an omelette.  The home fries were very tasty.  Good sized chunks of browned potatoes.  And the rye toast was swirled rye.Two people, a man and a woman, took orders and brought dishes to the table.  Both were very pleasant and very efficient.  I was so glad they did the Groupon because I never knew this place existed.  Now that I'm a fan, I'll come back and try some other things.As others have said, the place is a small, cozy restaurant.  I sat in the back area by the coffee counter where they have just 3 tables.  Since it was a holiday and offices were generally closed, it wasn't good people watching.  I will come back to sit on the patio and enjoy lunch there.
4	An appointment brought me to this side of town this morning.  When the java craving kicked in, the yelp app pointed me to the Coffee Pub.  The waitress greeted me by asking if I would like to dine in or carry out.  I was only wanting coffee, so I did carry out.  Upon her suggestion, I tried a mocha/hazelnut latte.  Yummy with fast, friendly service.  It didn't have that cozy coffee house atmosphere, but definitely a solid spot to grab a cup of joe.
5	Great comfort food. I ordered a veggie omelette with tomatoes, sprouts and avocado and I felt very good about eating something light and fresh. Came with side of buttered toast and hash browns. I would come again to avoid the uber expensive and heavy foods on the Strip. Also the pumpkin pancakes with real maple syrup are bomb. Order those.
5	The menu very Cali, get the California benedict- delicious and filling without the total guilt factor.  Owner came over to greet us, chatted for a bit and staff very friendly.  Discovered this place today via Yelp and can't thank you enough, look forward to becoming a regular.
3	I have been a five to six time a year customer here for the past ten years.  They have great brewed tropical iced tea and ample outdoor seating.  My last two visits have been about the same, mediocre at best.  The Joshephina omelet was overcooked to point where the eggs were hard and rubbery.  The pub potatoes, once cut to a nice dice with onions and peppers, were served as large potato chunks lacking any supplements and cooked (boiled) but not crisped on the grill as they once had been.  The staff is friendly and the service prompt, so I hope they pick up on the food preparation to get back up to the five star restaurant I remember.
4	Great little place with good food and owners. I come here all the time and have always been happy with the food and service. A very nice Cali. menu. I cannot believe how many options they offer. This is a must try place.
5	My husband and I LOVE Coffee Pub.  The service is fantastic, all the servers are always very cheerful and remember you.  The food is great!  I'm a fan of the lobster omelette and the broccoli and feta scrambler (add sundried tomatoes).  It's cozy, unpretentious, and warm.  I still have yet to have any lunch items as I'm addicted to breakfast 24 hours a day.
4	Nice atmosphere and people.  Really enjoyed the big Wally omelette! It is an interesting combination of Cream cheese sun dried tomatoes & scallions. The choices of sides are nice. The standard brew coffee does not stand out here as one might expect. An improvement  perhaps that  would be appropriate.
4	I am officially a fan of this place. It's definitely a hidden gem and I probably wouldn't ever have known about it if it weren't for my bad habit of trying to find shortcuts in this city. The place has a very "homey" feel and actually reminds me of being in Lake Tahoe or some place in the mountains. I dined here with Don earlier today and ordered a 1/2 sandwich combo with The Palm Springs Sandwich, roasted tomato soup, and coleslaw ($8.95). Don ordered the Ribeye Steak and Eggs ($12.95). While waiting for our orders, we studied on our laptops because they have free wifi, woohoo. The food came out pretty fast. The soup was pretty salty, so I didn't care for it very much at all, but the sandwich tasted so fresh. I don't normally order anything with roast beef in it, but the combination of roast beef with avocado was very tempting. While we ate, I couldn't help but notice that there were a lot of regulars in the house. The employees would call people by their names and already have their usual orders memorized (it's always a good sign when people come back that many times). They were also surprisingly busy. I say "surprisingly" because I've never heard of this place before or even seen it. They had a lot of people dining out on the patio, inside, and calling in orders. I will be back here very soon, especially since it's not too far from CSN and it's right by the freeway. Tips:-Check out the menu online before coming in if you have the chance because they have A LOT of items. I saw about 20 different sandwiches, pastas, burgers, breakfast items, appetizers, specialties, etc.
4	So we Yelped another local's recommended place to eat plus we woke about about noon. Coffee Pub is one of those breakfast lunch joints that close by 3pm. Yelpers suggested the Lobster Omelette, so my wife was thrilled to try it. It was delicious with good amounts of lobster.I had the Lobster melt and was absolutely satisfied. The bread, soft toasted sourdough, the avocado, tomato really lent its flavor to the Lobster. I added a dash of hot sauce since I favor spicy food. The server who took care of us, very short hair, green-hazel eyes. She was just down to earth and made sure our first time was worth it. Well it definitely was, we will be back for more.You can eat inside or out, try it out over them big buffetts that aren't all that anyways.
5	A fantastic breakfast/lunch spot that supposedly caters to Vegas power brokers...whatever those are. Lots of signed headshots on the walls, that kind of thing. Patio dining looking out over a quiet parking lot, extensive menu, great food. I dig everything about this place except the fact that it closes at 3pm. Who the hell wants to weigh themselves down with a ginormous meal that early in the day???Still, highly recommended. If looking for a good breakfast spot on the West side, it's a toss-up between this place, the Omelet House, and the Egg &I. The food at all 3 is of equal excellence, but Coffee Pub has the edge because you can dine al fresco, and the view/atmo is better than that of the Egg &I's patio.
4	Another solid "discovered on a whim while browsing Yelp" find! First things first, Coffee Pub is tucked into a nondescript business park and the building number of the restaurant is 2A. I did have to walk around the business park (which looks more like apartment buildings) for a bit until I came across it and then tried two doors before discovering the main entrance was by the patio.I didn't stay to eat, but would absolutely come back to dine in! The restaurant is a little older and looks it, but has the warm charm of your grandparents' home with children's drawings/colorings taped to the cashier's stand kind. They have  a patio and two dining areas and I waited in the small, sunny front dining area by the cash register. A lot of the interior is wood paneling which adds to the cozy feeling and the patio gives it that extra edge-we just don't have enough places with patio dining here.  I ordered the Redondo sandwich- a nice marriage of turkey, avocado, bacon and swiss on perfectly toasted sourdough. The sandwich was packed with flavor and the fillings were overly abundant, so much so that I probably could've eaten half the sandwich and been satisfied. But. I didn't want to stop eating it. It wanted that sandwich to last forever. For. Ev. Er. My caffeine tank was running a little low, so I also ordered the frozen mocha java that I'd read about in a couple of reviews. I really only ordered it because I skimmed the menu so fast that I didn't see iced coffee. Personally, I think it's ridiculous to pay more than  $3 for coffee, however I enjoyed the frozen mocha java in a way that an iced drink can only be enjoyed on the brink of summer. When summer descends on Vegas, it's nice to have a drink that will temporarily make you forget the fact that you're sweating through your clothes at 10am and there's no end in sight. Although a little sugary for me, I thought the drink was refreshing and I liked that they used non-dairy gelato in it! Not that I'm opposed to dairy, but it made me feel a little less guilty about sucking down the whole thing in a few minutes.They have a fairly extensive menu with a little something for everyone whether it's a classic omelet, lox and bagel or a funky twist on a standard sandwich. I'll be back to try some of the dishes highlighted in so many of the Yelp reviews, and then some!
5	We just wanted to get away from the strip for a bit and wasn't ready to pay for a breakfast at our hotel, the Wynn so we yelped some places not too far away.  The Coffee Pub was our first choice and we were not disappointed!   Big menu, great meal and superb service!  it is located in what looks like a half vacant business complex and at the side so it was wasn't noticeable right away from the street even though we had our GPS home in on the address. We were seated right away and was served by a very energetic and friendly wait lady who made us very comfortable as first time customers.  We definitely will come back for breakfast or lunch and will make it a point to try it again before we head back to California in a couple of days.
4	We were on our through Vegas and needed a place to spot into for breakfast so this was the Yelpers choice! Sticking with that theme, I had little choice but to go with the recommended lobster omelet. However, unlike most, I can't said it really did it for me. I just felt it was way too rich for my taste although the flavor was good and it was loaded with lobster. My wife had a veggie omelet, which was tasty so I think this place has good food but maybe I just got the wrong thing.I will say we probably had the nicest, coolest, best waitress ever! It really made you realize how many miserable people must just had their jobs because she clearly loved what she was doing! In turns of the atmosphere, it was nothing special and pretty laid back, which was about perfect for what we were looking for. They got us in and out in no time while making a great impression on us. I'm looking forward to hitting this place again sometime and this time ordering what my heart tells me and not what the yelpers say! ;) ha!
5	Went for a early lunch, and was impressed. Lobster melt and cream of mushroom soup is what me and my man ordered- and it was delish! The soup was homemade and to die for! Lobster melt was pretty tasty too, but the soup I am still dreaming about. The waitress was awesome, friendly and pleasant- which the service in Vegas is not exactly the best so this was major plus. They are only open till 3 and serve breakfast till 2, come and check out this hidden gem! You won't be disappointed!
4	We dropped by for brunch around 11am on a Sunday and were pleasantly surprised to find no wait for a table. You can bet many other breakfast/brunch places around this time to have at least a 10 to 20 minute wait.The service was very friendly and prompt. The decor was casual and comfortable. There is a patio with some tables, but they probably get little use during the summer.We ordered eggs, pancakes and a chili omelet with potato cakes. Just a note, the potato cakes are not latkes. They are hash browns. That being said, the food was very good and satisfying. The pancakes were fluffy and tasty. The chili in the omelet tasted meaty and fresh. Definitely a good place for breakfast, brunch or lunch.
5	Great lobster sandwich. Very friendly staff. One of my favorites in Vegas
4	My sweetie and I decided to try this restaurant because they have outdoor seating and it was such a lovely day.  We are so glad we did, the breakfast was delicious! We really loved their potatoes...Yummy!  Will definitely go again!
2	Wow.  One of the best breakfast places in Vegas?  Nothing special here: ambiance is dull - celebrity photos of "D" listers; regular diner food which was OK and coffee not notable.  I don't get it.
4	Very good breakfast, very friendly staff, nice to sit outside.
4	In a city filled with cheap (& expensive) breakfast places along the strip, the Coffee Pub Restaurant was a welcome change for a moderately priced breakfast and espresso drinks. K ordered the stuffed French Toast, it was pretty amazing when it came and could have easily been shared by two. Four slices cut in half, filled with cream cheese and blueberries, dusted with powdered sugar. and syrup. G ordered a short stack of the Pumpkin Pancakes with pecans and caramel syrup. Tasty and filling. The Lattes were better than the big green chain's. We liked the outdoor seating arrangements. Even though we didn't see any dogs, it appeared to be dog friendly. Wifi is available to customers. The staff was very friendly and the service was good. We'll be back!
5	Very yummy breakfast. The wait staff is very friendly and made the experience even better!
4	This restaurant is a favorite of mine, mainly because I can walk to it, but I also love the fact that it's quaint and homey and the food is consistently good and the service is efficient.It's mostly a breakfast brunch place (as it closes at 3) but the foods they have, both savory and sweet, are very satisfying. There is lots of parking and the owner, Kyle, and his staff is very accommodating, competent and personable.Im a fan of anything on their menu that has salmon in it...but I've tasted other meals here and they're batting a thousand.Come on by...
2	the space is weird and is in desperate need of some tlc.  the food is not my style.  it lacks flavor and the menu choices are just not interesting.
3	My BFF Lily and I ventured here based on the reviews she had read about the spot and I was intrigued by the talks of lobster. The interior definitely didn't make a good first impression; it's old, dim, dingy, and the chairs were a bit uncomfortable. There are a lot of options on the menu, however, there were few things that really caught my eye. Of course we had to order the famous lobster omelet with Josephina cheese, served with potato cakes. It really didn't wow me. The sauce was good, perhaps more suitable for something else, but it wasn't memorable. The potato cakes were good; fancy name for fast food-style hash browns. We also ordered the ribeye with eggs and their house potatoes. The meat was cooked nicely and the potatoes were good. Again, nothing spectacular though. The service was nice and overall experience was okay. I was expecting a little more because of the hype around their lobster breakfasts, so the mediocre meal was disappointing.
4	I've been to the Pub on and off since 2003 and have always enjoyed the breakfast food. Now that it's a few blocks up the street from me it's my usual goto for breakfast on the weekends. I enjoy coming here for the casual atmosphere, relaxed pace and good food. I also enjoy the fact that the people here remember me and appreciate my business...that goes a long way toward keeping me as a repeat customer. I don't know what's in the frozen white chocolate mocha, but I'm addicted...(insert coffee house chain name here) eat your heart out, this place has it dialed in.
5	The weather has been great lately and I was around the area, so I decided to mosey on by for a relaxing breakfast at the Coffee Pub, located across the Palace Station on Sahara ave.As I entered into the place I was greeted by a pleasant waitress, and I was seated right away. The waitress was super friendly and the place was really laid back which I love. Since the weather was beautiful I decided to sit outside on the patio. This was about 10am in the morning  therefore  I decided to order the bagel and Lox, for those of you who aren't familiar with a Lox bagel, it mostly a bagel with cream cheese and salmon. For for a drink I had an orange juice.The food was delivered in a timely manner, and the portion was pretty huge, packed with lots of salmon! And the orange juice was good as well, it wasn't your typical orange juice from a cheap box, at least that's what i tasted.. :)Another item I highly suggest trying is the boca burger with alfalfas, a favorite lunch dish i normally order when I am here..Overall experience, I love this place! I have been coming here since 2003 and im glad this place is doing good!
4	Stopped in for breakfast before heading back to SoCal. Sat on the small front patio on a nice sunny morning. I had the Josephina omelet. Very good. Mom and dad were happy with their meals too. Fantastic coffee!
3	Another lunch outing with the fiance.This time at Coffee Pub Restaurant. We ate outside because it was a nice day and the atmosphere was nice. The restaurant seemed clean and had its own style. I ordered the Pub Dip (French Dip basically). It came with roast beef, sauteed mushrooms and onions, with melted mozzarella cheese. It was excellent! The au jus was flavorful and the sandwich itself was too. I was definitely wanting more afterward. The fiance got breakfast croissant and it came with diced potatoes. I didn't have a chance to try the sandwich but I did try the potatoes because they looked awesome. They were just ok unfortunately. The were cooked perfectly but had zero seasoning. The fiance said the same of the sandwich. Having not tried it, I can't really make an accurate assessment of it. All in all, I would like to come back to try other things. She would too, but didn't have a great first impression. I'm still wanting more of the Pub Dip.
4	The food was great and the staff was super nice! They have really great coffee options and omelets with everything you can think of in them.
5	Great food, extremely attentive staff. All around great experience.
5	Coffee Pub is a true hidden Gem of Las Vegas. Every single thing on their menu is good, from breakfast, to lunch to dinner, it is all amazing. I have eaten there over 15 times and I have never been disappointed. Their staff is friendly and their atmosphere and food are great. The only boarder like negative comment I can come up with is that they really don't have a "soup of the day" for it is always chicken tortilla, but their soup is always amazing so it okay by me. Everyone must go!
4	What a great little find for breakfast. Went with two other people, and we never even went inside the place; we sat out on the patio, and it was perfect. I had the eggs benedict, served by Lauren, and both were very good. I definitely recommend this place. Maybe some day I'll even go inside.
4	This little known place [at least to me] was great. It had a small-town, down-to-earth feel, the waitresses smiled, greeted, helped, and paid attention to everyone who walked through the door. They had some seemingly odd sandwiches on the menu and I was inclined to try the Coronado. That consisted of turkey, raisins, sesames seeds, cranberry sauce, and cream cheese on pumperknickel bread!  It was an odd combination but it was fantastic! Service and food was great, the only complaint would be they need to have better seating areas and get the a/c checked - it was 100+ outside but was very very warm inside the restaurant.
4	Great "local" spot.
5	Gone here twice during my trip to Vegas...awesome food, super friendly staff, and one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had. Lobster omelette is a perfect blend of seafoodiness and creaminess without being too rich. Anytime I'm ever in Vegas again ill be sure to make several stops!
5	This is my favorite breakfast joint in Vegas and I go here whenever I can.The food is amazing and they have many vegetarian options. Also, they have specialty coffees and smoothies. All of the people on staff are extremely friendly. I recently had the steak and eggs~~! Yum. I also like the josephina omelette and the bagel and lox. Everything I've eaten there has been amazing.
4	Coffee pub was first recommended to me back in 2007 as a terrific breakfast spot.  It lived up to expectations, but then I learned it closed.  Incorrectly, I thought it was a victim of the economic downturn, but apparently it only changed owners.  Six years later, I visited again and ordered carryout (excellent Cobb salad).  The phone order was expertly taken (equal amounts of humor, efficiency and sassiness)...home fries were both delicious and hot when I arrived home.  Salad was fresh.  Great job.
5	This place is excellent they have great service and my food was cooked to perfection I ordered the Reuben sandwich and it was fantastic my wife ordered a gargantuan chicken salad and it was excellent she stated my cousin ordered the lobster omlet and have no complaints well worth the time and money. Price was not that expensive only costed about $25 for me and my wife
5	The wait staff was extremely helpful and very nice.  I had the BLT with a side order of clam chowder.  The clam chowder was awesome, and the BLT was great.  I can't wait to go back and try a breakfast next time!
5	This place rules.  Spend your money here!!!!!  Everything is cooked to perfection.  Lobster melt just changed my life.  Thank you past reviewers for bringing me here!
5	Must try the Lobster melt!!!! Amazing!! I can not wait to try other things on the menu!
5	Great place for breakfirst! Food is fresh and delicious and staff is very friendly! We will definately come back next time!
5	Yum! Called in my order and I think her name was robin, funny girl great personality! Got there in a couple of minutes cuz I just work around the corner and food was ready in like 2 mins. Ordered the Josephina omelet. I was hesitant on ordering it but robin said I Should try it, so what the hell ill give it a try. It is good! Also got the chai this smoothie. That was really good too!
5	This place was for me the perfect example of why I love Yelp.  It wasn't that long ago that it was almost impossible to find places like this when you're visiting.  Being in a tourist trap like Vegas made it all that much harder.  Coffee Pub is close enough to the casinos that it's easy to get to if you happen to be staying at one but far enough still that the prices aren't crazy.  I loved the vibe this place had.  Walking in I felt like I had found some secret place only locals would know about.  Being that it's in the back of an outdoor mall with no obvious signage from the street I may not be that far off.  The staff was very helpful and friendly but not in that fake way you get used to when you spend a lot of time in the casinos.  The menu had lots of great choices that made me wish it wasn't a 4 hour drive away from home so I could try them all.  I'm not normally a coffee drinker but I figured if I'm trying out a place named Coffee Pub I had to try some.  It was very good and I could see myself drinking more of it if I lived closer.I'll be sure to eat here every time I find myself in Vegas.
2	I'm surprised at the incredible reviews. The place got a resounding "meh" from me.Service was incredibly slow. Perhaps all the yelp reviews have generated a rush they can't handle? It wasn't that they didn't have enough seating, just the kitchen was slow. We waited over 45 minutes for our food (if not more). The people sitting at the table next to us were also visibly annoyed.The food was just okay. I had the josephina, and it was nothing to write home about. The toast was good. Coffee (had a cappuccino) was very weak. Having said all this, perhaps we were unlucky, went on the wrong day.
5	This place is in a great location a little off the map from your regular breakfast and coffee places! They have a pretty large menu for a small location with a good variety of dishes. This place is dog friendly which was a big bonus! Service was awesome they brought out water for our dog while we waited for our drinks. Had the bagel and lox and my girl friend had the chicken sausage scramble with feta cheese! Food was great! They were on top of everything! Will be back again!!!
3	Food is as good as anywhere else you might go for breakfast. We had breakfast so I can't rate anything else. Pretty pricey for breakfast but maybe because a lot of business people go there. Service is better than other places I have been too.
3	I was tired of the same breakfast places over and over. I tried this and wanted to love it. However I am sad to say it was average on every way. I am left  baffled by the 5 star reviews. I had French toast which was semi hot when I got it. Espresso was served semi hot. My girlfriend selected the lobster omelet and it was okay, but not magical as implied in other reviews.  Really an average experience with average food.
3	Went there for the first time today after a recommendation from a friend. We  probably won't return again with the whole family. The food is above average and it was not crowded at 9 am on Saturday morning, the wait staff is friendly. The patio looked nice for a group if it was warmer. Unfortunately, It took forever to get our food well over 30 minutes from order to table and the tables were super small cafe types so difficult with kids(they did have a high chair though)  and lots of breakfast plates. I had the omelette with cream cheese, sun dried tomatoes and shallots and it was fantastic, the pub potatoes which were recommended were under cooked- the  hash browns my son had were much better. French Toast was good but the hot chocolate and coffee were nothing exciting. Straight up farmers brothers and carnation.
4	Arrived for breakfast on a weekday morning. Parking was convenient to locate and I was seated immediately. Free wifi is a plus but you need to obtain the password from a staff member.I asked my friendly waitress what she recommended and she replied - the Hervos rancheros, which I went with. When my entree arrived I bit into the eggs which were smothered in cheese, cooked perfectly medium and tasted delish. The entree came with a large amount of re-fried beans and I ended up eating only half.The coffee here was hot, strong and was a good chaser for any BF entree. I noticed they also offer a lobster omelet so that will be worth a return visit.
4	It's always been a favorite, the people are relaxed and friendly, the food is good and a bonus is outdoor seating.  The coffee Pub feels like a home town place you can call your own. It's comfortable and kind, sometimes fast sometimes slow, but always a pleasure.
5	I have lived in Vegas for 8 years and tried several locals spots and this is my favorite.  The only problem I have is making a menu selection.  They have so many great items.  Today was the Pumpkin pancakes.  Very good!  Their egg dishes are always good as well.  The service is awesome!  They have had the same employees for years which says a lot about any restaurant or business for that matter.   They work great as a team.  You never feel rushed.  Give it a try!
4	While in Vegas over the weekend, I wanted to get off the strip for at least one meal. On my way out of town, my friend and I stopped at the Coffee Pub (as influenced by Dave H's review). This place is very homey. When you walk in, it doesn't feel like anything special, but the people who work here are very friendly and casual. We sat ourselves and were served quickly (which was great because we needed to get home). The coffee was pretty standard coffee....nothing special for a place named after it. My friend had the pumpkin pancakes, which were good, and I had the croissant egg sandwich sub over medium egg. Mine was very good, but very homey... as in, I could make this at home. That isn't necessarily a bad thing. The bacon was crispy and the eggs were cooked well. It was good. Service was great, the woman who works there (owns it?) with the short hair knew everyone's names that came in and was very friendly...offered to bring out a coffee to go for me, which I appreciated. I noticed she physically touched just about each one of the customers (not in a weird way...just in a friendly way). The prices were good. I would consider going back when in Vegas.
4	A lovely surprise!I just found out about Coffee Pub from a girl friend of mine. She promised I would love it. We met there for coffee and she was right, this place is so cute. We sat outside and enjoyed delicious caramel macchiatos. Our server was a younger guy, super nice and very attentive.The owner was walking out to run a delivery and stopped to say hello briefly. I have yet to eat food from here but their menu is extensive and I have heard good things. I will definitely be back to try breakfast.
5	Very good breakfast place... have to try french toast wow!! Not over priced very good prices.... this would be our new breakfast spot in LV..
4	I was so anxious to love this spot when I was looking for breakfast spot and saw the reviews and pics . The Coffee Pub had a cute cozy cafe vibe with choice of seating inside or out .  We were told we could seat anywhere we wanted so we chose to sit inside .  The service wasn't as prompt as I normally would like it to be.  This other couple seating in the same area even said " hmm we should have sat outside where everyone is at .  So It wasn't just me.  The food was delicious my hubby ordered the French Toast with side of patties . And I ordered their egg white omelette with chicken and fruit .  I love their healthy options of egg whites , soy or skim milk with your lattes and fruit sub over potatoes .  I was so looking forward to giving them 5 stars but it was the service .  The regulars got really nice welcome back treatment which was cool to see .  The food and ambiance outweigh the service so I can see us coming back and giving it another try .
4	Good place off the strip especially if you don't want to wait an hour to be seated like most places. Food is decent and affordable.   Variety of items to choose from and it's your typical mom and pop place.
5	Horrible service! Waited 50 minutes for a lobster omelet! No complimentary drink was offered. Finally left the way we came hungry as hell without being served!!!!
4	Sorry Egg & I, Hash House, Blueberry Hill and all the other Vegas breakfast spots - you've been replaced.I've been here 3 times now over my last few trips to Vegas and I have always been delighted. Their floor show sandwich with a side of fruit has become the magic cure for my hangovers (turkey, sprouts, avocado, yum!) and I've also stolen bites of the pumpkin pancakes, salmon benedict and josephina omlette, all of which were delish.I don't understand why they aren't more busy, but I'm not complaining because I love being able to walk in and grab a table without a wait on 10 am on a Saturday. The coffee is a little better than the average restaurant, which is nice to not have to swing by a legit coffee shop after breakfast to get enough caffeine to function.
4	Great Chai Latte. Quaint little out of the way spot. Perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch. Food is decent, not gourmet. Its home style. Soups are homemade. Pasta salad-homemade. Soup or salad and a sammy, great! This is coffee shop food at its best with a convenient location! What more do you need? Outdoor seats?- yes, they have those too. Something that is hard to get in Las Vegas for some reason. A breakfast on the patio! Have the pumpkin pancakes, you won't regret it.
4	I checked out the Coffee Pub last weekend with the b/f and was pleasantly surprised.  My DirecTv installer guy recommended this place to me - who knew he was such a foodie?!  I had an omelet and the b/f had...something I don't recall exactly.  All I remember is that both meals were great.  The ambience wasn't exactly an ideal brunch scene, but there was NO wait to get in and the service was good.  I'm sure if the location was better, this place would be hopping all the time.  (Weird, weird location...)
4	Just finished a great breakfast here!!  I had the pumpkin pancakes and my husband had the chicken breast egg white omelette and he said it was one of the best omelettes he had ever had, light and fluffy and just as advertised on the menu. The pumpkin pancakes had just the right amount of spice and I always like it when they leave the whole syrup dispenser on the table like they do.  My soy mocha was outstanding!!  I will echo GW's review and say it was way better than the big green chain's!  Service was good. We were both very satisfied customers.
5	Hubby and I loved this place when we discovered it during our trip to Vegas! We loved it so much we came here to eat twice! Coffee pub feels like you are eating in someone's giant California kitchen. It's homey, comfortable, somewhat lively and very nice. They offer a small variety of different coffee drinks (which qualifies them to have the word coffee in their restaurant name). When I notice a restaurant calls themselves a coffee shop but they are only serving regular coffee, IMO they don't have the right to call themselves coffee anything. The food we had was awesome, the portions were big, the prices were reasonable and everything we ate during our two breakfast trips was delicious! I would go into more detail but since we went to Vegas last month already I just remember that we loved it! If you live in Vegas or you are on vacation and can get off the strip and onto sahara ave. somehow this is the place to be! If we go back this will most likely be our breakfast spot. The staff was very friendly, and it seems the manager remembered us the next day when we came back!
5	OMG, this place is so delicious. Greg and I have made a habit of trying to get as far away from hotels for food as possible and so the coffee pub fit perfectly into our well oiled machine. After a simple "breakfast" search in our general area, I saw a well rated place with two of my favorite things: coffee and pubs. After clicking through some pictures I came across the a lobster omelet. LOBSTER OMELET. That sold us. Well, me. I sold Greg. To be honest, I can't even remember what he had, but you can guess what I had. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered a "SOMETHING" omelet or "SOMETHING" scramble, and you get it, and there's egg, there's cheese and assorted accoutrements, but there's only evidence that the "SOMETHING" was maybe once a part of the ingredients. Coffee Pub knows no such practice. That was a LOBSTER omelet. It was good. It was lobster-y. It's something I want to eat the next time I go to Vegas. Hell, it's something I want to eat for breakfast today. As a note, I love me a good potato. Hash browns, baked, mashed, fried, I just love it, but the pub potatoes, or whatever they may have been named, were just ok. Luckily I do remember Greg getting potato pancakes (hash browns) and they were fabulous. So get those.
4	Awesome lil local spot! Great patio, Very fresh and delicious food! Lauren, our server, AMAZING service, very "real"and friendly!!  I will definitely be back!
4	I'm actually surprised how underrated this restaurant is.  Delicious food and great service, two of the few things I expect from a restaurant if I were to wake up early for breakfast.  Luckily, this place has both and more!!The menu is actually quite extensive; got my water and a refill before deciding on what to order.  Had the Lobster Omelette during my recent visit since it seems to be one of the items that everyone keeps raving about.  Unfortunately, I should've gone with my gut and stuck to what I knew best.  I don't know about y'all but I'd like to see chunks of meat if I were to order something with lobster.  Instead, I got what seemed to be chopped up krabs mixed with mayonnaise which overpowered the taste of the dish.  I say go for their Benedicts.  Eggs usually come in poached just right over toasted english muffins.Overall, Coffee Pub is a dope spot for breakfast!! I definitely recommend it over other  places in the valley.
4	Coming from New Mexico this place was delicious. Service was a bit slow but the food made up for it!! Coffee was an eye opener,  whippy butter is hard to find and Coffee Pub complimented my pancakes with it!! Wait staff was nice & friendly. OMG ... Breakfast here at the Coffee Pub was one of thee best I had while visiting Las Vegas for Spring Break. I would recommend this place to friends and family who plan to visit Las Vegas.
5	Stopped in here this morning on someone else's recommendation which was right on. This place is worth going out of your way for, for breakfast, lunch or coffee.My girl and I stopped in for coffee and breakfast. Mama had pancakes, eggs, bacon and home fries. Pancakes were perfectly delicious and the rest was made to order. I had my own version of a Denver omelet and it was very good. In fact everything was so good we decided to order our lunch to take for later. We work for an airline so they packed every thing special for us. Our waitress Lauren doesn't have an inside voice but she's a really good waitress - helpful and very up on all items on the menu - and there's a lot of them.My thanks to her and Kyle the easy going owner. The coffee pub is definitely a winner. If your staying at the Palace Station get out and try this place especially you airline people. You'll appreciate the tip!
5	Great menu and service is fantastic. Lunch at noon with five of us took less than hour and portions. I will make this my new go to lunch spot with clients and friends alike.
5	Awsome food, lots of breakfast varieties very nice service. Great coffee as well. We had a great time :)
3	Stopped by to order some breakfast to go. The place is small but cute and cozy. Their wait staff seems very friendly and they seem to know a lot of customers by name. Which is always a good sign. The food was yummy and my boyfriend enjoyed the huge portions. I ordered the Ruben (which was delicious), the portions was huge for the French toast and I also ordered the eggs Benedict(it was cooked prefect) The only downside to this visit and the reason I have this place a 3 was the waitress. She seemed friendly when greeting but when she asked which sides I wanted and gave them off to me too quickly.. She talked too fast! (it was 8am on a sat and I didn't have my coffee yet:( ) I mistakenly said potato salad instead of pasta salad and she responded with a annoyingly dragged out Nooooooooooo. And corrected me. There was no other customers waiting to order at the time. I don't understand what she was in a hurry for. She clearly knew I was new to the place. Will I go back-- Maybe.
5	Great. Delicious. Friendly staff. And if you order anything with bacon, you're GONNA get bacon!!! And it was just the way I liked it for a change. No one ever gets it right, but Coffee Pub did. None of it over OR undercooked. The coffee is GREAT!!!
5	We LOVE little hole-in-the-wall breakfast/brunch places and this place did NOT disappoint!We first went here on Mother's Day (2014). I had never heard of this place before and it's sort of situated in a random complex that I never knew had a restaurant nestled among it. The place looks pretty old which totally adds to it's charm. Our waitress was upbeat, friendly, and really made us feel at home. And by that I mean, she really gave us a vibe that made us feel like we were in her house and she was about to whip up a great homemade meal. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Benedict. Our waitress suggested to have the hollandaise on the side since she says that sometimes they can get a little heavy handed on it. I took her suggestion and was glad I did. I love that i was able to have complete control of the amount and now that I have done that, I may continue to order it on the side. The salmon was delicious, thinly sliced, and they served the perfect amount of it. I also ordered the grilled potatoes for the side and they were perfectly seasoned and cooked!My BF ordered the chili omelette which had the perfect amount of chili to egg ratio. I've had some chili omelets at other restaurants where the chili completely overpowered the rest of the meal, but not the case this time. Our son ordered the chocolate chip pancakes which were so delicious and perfectly fluffy! He didn't end up eating the whole order (usually he does) because he was a bit under the weather. Our waitress noticed and gave him peppermint tea. I thought that was so sweet of her to do. I was really impressed by her gesture!The 2nd time I visited this place was with my best friend. Her and I always take each other out for either breakfast/lunch/dinner for our birthdays each year and this year I chose this place.She ordered the California Benedict (canadian bacon, tomato, spinach, & avocado) & I ordered the Lobster Omelette. Her benedict was delicious, creamy, and had perfectly poached eggs. When I had the first bite of my omelet, I wasn't sure if I liked it or not, but then I couldn't stop eating it, lol! They put in a really generous amount of lobster that tasted like it was mixed with mayo or cream cheese and scallions. I've never had an omelet with seafood inside of it, but this was surprisingly delicious. It's very rich and although I may not order it again (only because I want to try the rest of the menu), I'm glad that I did!We will DEFINITELY be back to this place. It is a ways from our house, but it's totally worth the drive.
4	Great little hidden gem!! Thank you yelpers for directing us to another great local find.I visit Vegas quite a bit, and try not to eat on the Strip if possible.  The Strip is a "rip" and the only benefit of eating at the Strip is I can use my comp points for mediocre, overpriced food.Finding a mom-and-pop place like Coffee Pub makes the trip more enjoyable.  Its nice to just walk away from the clangs of the slots or the smoke filled casinos.This Coffee Pub is tucked away in a desolate strip mall, completely on the opposite side from the other merchants.  Its next to an Embassy banquet type place, which I mistook for the Embassy Suites Hotel (its not!).  Its across from the Nevada Bank if that helps.The place is small, holds maybe 50-80 people, cozy, with a few big table for groups.  There's outside tables for the pets (I guess?) or maybe for the smokers, though I am not sure of the Nevada laws regarding smoking near an eating establishment.Prices are reasonable, and plenty to choose from for Breakfast/ Brunch/ Lunch.  Originally I was going to get breakfast but the sandwiches sounded so yummy, I decided to have that instead. I thought I ordered the San Diegan, but realized it was the Redondo, the turkey, bacon, avocado on sourdough.  It came with melted cheese, but I held off on the cheese. It comes with fruit, salad or chips.Stephen had the huevos ranchero, and he said it had a good kick to it.  I'd come back! Great little place, and the staff does their best to serve.
5	This is our new favorite breakfast place. We've lived here for a decade and are totally kicking ourselves for not finding this place earlier. it is very close to Palace Station, yet it feels off the beaten path. There's comfortable outdoor seating, and the indoor seating is cozy. The inside is a trip because the decor is straight out of the 80's, but I hope they never change a thing-so don't judge! It's clean and friendly! It's a total locals' cafe, but from the first time we went, the wait staff made us feel like we came all the time. The food is delicious, and as breakfast food, I think it's comparable to my other favorite  breakfast places, such as Egg Works and The Omelet House. It's just darn good food. A few times that I've been in the waitress offered suggestions when i couldn't decide--a modification to the menu items even! Most places are not really anxious to have patrons "have it their way"--let alone suggesting it!  The coffee is strong like my husband and I like it, and the portions of the food always make us promise that next time we'll share, but we never do. Too many good things!
5	Great customer service and attention . It seems to be rare these days here in Vegas. We ordered the pancakes and they were awesome!!! My eggs were perfectly cooked . Great food, great customer service , and great prices. What more can you ask for??
5	When I was a sophomore in high school two beautiful young ladies walked up to me before gym class started and said "you look like a fun person, wanna ditch school and go to the coffee pub with us?" And thus started my love of this place.          Flash forward to today, sharing a Baja chicken sandwich and a Chai This smoothie with my boyfriend. There's plenty of parking, I was greeted upon arrival, it's a relaxed atmosphere, and on top of it all the food is delicious and fresh. Not to mention their smoothies and coffee are GREAT. We sat nestled in a corner eating lunch and admiring the celebrity wall. The staff was on top of it, friendly, helpful... I enjoyed the experience whole heartedly.
4	Please visit this place if you're staying in Las Vegas. This is where the locals seem to go, and for good reason. Very friendly staff, great portions, and very affordable. Easy kids menu, great coffee & delicious options for adults. My rib-eye steak was cooked to order, very tender & perfectly seasoned. The pub fries were also quite good. Had a chance to finish my daughter's waffle, and even that was delicious. Forget the crazy casino restaurants & pay this place a visit. Believe me, you'll become a regular after your first visit.
4	I have driven past the Coffee pub more times than I care to remember- because until yesterday, they were usually always closed. But finally, I made it by when they were open!Walked in toward the end of lunch for a takeout order. I went with their daily special, the Baja Chicken sandwich- chicken with olives and onions and a chipotle sauce and two kinds of cheese, with tomatoes, and lettuce. Each sandwich comes with a side, (potato or pasta salad, chips or fruit)- I chose the pasta salad. I also added the Chai This blended drink- chai, banana, protein powder, and soy milk.Service was friendly though they nearly mixed my order up with a group order.  Dining room with the barista is surrounded by windows and has almost an old school diner feel to it- but there is far more space in the other adjacent dining room than I expected. Larger than it appears on the outside.Got home with my meal- sipped the chai drink as I drove and it was delicious! A bit steep at over $6 for a 24 ounce cup, but it was tasty. Sandwich was $8.50 including the pasta, and the sandwich itself was enormous! I only ate half and gave the other piece to my BF, along with the pickle. Pasta salad was also a decent portion, served in a lidded Styrofoam cup to keep it cold and prevent spills. Also fresh and flavorful, with bits of tomato and a creamy white sauce similar to salad dressing.Delicious sandwich, good portions, lots of variety on menu- will come back to try another sandwich, or perhaps a soup. Today they were out of cream of mushroom, but let me know it usually sells out fast.
5	Much better than ANY casino. Great food and service. The menu is fantastic. Breakfast and lunch.   Look for it just west across from Palace Station.
2	I hate people who write multiple reviews for the same restaurant, just to give the same ratings and restate what they posted in the original review- but my visits  were drastically different experiences. Food was underwhelming- had the Palm Beach roast beef and cheddar sandwich while BF opted for the pastrami. Portion of meat was large but the meat itself lacked flavor, and sandwiches were dry without any condiments.  Would have asked for mustard, but service is incredibly lacking. There were maybe four employees running around but  customers are waiting for checks, condiments, and silverware longer than they're eating. Disorganized and impersonal, lack of consistency in both service and food quality.
4	Cute little cafe across the street from palace station . We were originally looking for just a coffee place but the neighboring coffee , tea , or me ? place happened to be closed and came across this on yelp. When you walk in its more like a diner rather than a coffee shop that I had expected . They have a nice area on the patio to eat as well as two rooms inside filled with old pictures , reminiscent of it's past. You can pick your own seats as well. My seat seemed as if it was going to break which was a little uncomfortable so I switched seats with a table near by . I found that the interior part of the restaurant was uncomfortable so we opted for the patio. The patio area is a nice shaded area. I got the frozen white chocolate mocha frappe and the salmon lox. Delicious ! They were both very good and the waitress even gave me a few more capers cause I'm a caper freak. Anywho , service was awesome and you can tell that everyone that works there cares about their customers. A few regulars came in and they greeted them welcomingly asking them how they've been etc . Was nice to see this and they even treated me like I've been going there along time . It's cute if you want a nice low key breakfast dinner not so good as a coffee place , but I know now ! I'll be back , maybe I'll be a regular too .
2	I've had this place bookmarked for a minute and I was majorly disappointed. Coffee Pub has all of the makings of a hole-in-the-wall/hidden gem, but doesn't stack up. We were instantly greeted and sat, but it took about 5 minutes before a waitress came over. The place wasn't busy at all. Our drinks came out quickly and their iced coffee and espresso based drinks are amazing. Unfortunately, everything else was lackluster.I ordered the Pub Dip, the bread was over toasted and the beef was cooked to the point where it has a rubbery, bad clam texture. My sister ordered the huevos rancheros which was eggs covered in salsa and crusty re-fried beans.My mom's eggs were overdone, her potatoes burnt, but the sausage patties were okay.The food here was on par with a low grade buffet. Nothing tasted fresh.  The food took forever to come out and the service was just blah. I won't be headed back to the Coffee Pub no matter how great their coffee is.
5	The food here is wonderful!!! We stopped here after a less then stellar experience at the MGM on our way to Mammoth CA by car. We loved the service. They are extremely accommodating. We purchased breakfast and were even able to purchase food for the road. Our waitress Lauren was so personable and knowledgable. She was able to provide us with great suggestions on food to take on the road and even refilled all of our water bottles. A very positive experience!!!
5	I stumbled on this place by accident yesterday.  I was actually looking for a place I could run in and walk out with a danish and a coffee, like a Caribou or Starbucks kind of place.  I realized when I walked in this was a sit down place to eat, but I stayed anyway and grabbed a table.  I had the french toast and a cup of coffee.  The meal was excellent.  The service was very quick and the wait staff was attentive.  They even gave me a refill on my coffee to take with me.
1	We decided to come here after doing a yelp search for cheapish breakfasts in vegas and were impressed by the generally good reviews and mention of a lobster omelet.  the lobster omelet was ok, nothing fabulous. what was beyond horrid was the chorizo omelet my bf had been craving all morning. it was brought to us beyond burnt.  like so visibly wrong we were shocked they would even set it on the table.  yes, the presence of chorizo can darken the overall omelet appearance, this was not the issue. the issue was that the cook done burnt the shit out of that omelet.  my bf is of the generally never send something back and make the best of it school.  he tried dousing it in sauce to make it edible. nothing could help that sad omelet.  we didnt even get the opportunity to send it back as no one came to check on us for several several minutes.  despite seeing my empty plate and an omelet missing two bites on my bf's, the waitress said, is everything ok here? hmmm, probably not.  we explained it was not edible due to being beyond burnt. she apologized but did not offer to cook another or ask if he wanted something else.  after a few mpre minutes we asked for the check, having to flag down another server.  the chorizo omelet was not taken off the check.  I informed the waitress that as the omelet, was not only visibly burnt but inedible, that it should be removed from the check.  She then had a man come over, possibly the owner, who tried to explain to us that if may have been burned because the chorizo has to be cooked a long time. bad, bad, bad excuse, even more so as my bf used to own a bar/restaurant in the southwest and is quite aware of how chorizo needs to be cooked and that most important, it can coexist with eggs in an omelet without it being burnt beyond consumption.if you are lookin for a great breakfast, try to the peppermill, where not only can they cook chorizo but deliver a hefty portion
5	My family and I love this hole in the wall and will eat here every future trip to Vegas.  Looks to be a local's favorite.  Food is absolutely excellent.  Service was friendly and wonderful.  All of our orders were accurate and we ate here several days in a row.  The pastrami sandwich is the best I've had anywhere and I've eaten plenty of pastrami sandwiches in my lifetime.  My kids loved their turkey sandwiches and the flavors were incredible.  Breakfast potatoes delicious.  Chicken quesadilla was filled to overflowing with quality chicken breast.  We LOVE the food here.  Staff was helpful and tried to seat us quickly even when the restaurant was packed.
5	We each got an item and split the tall stack of pumpkin pancakes. The pancake was amazing!!!! I wish I could take them home with me. Taste like fall in the midst of this blistering heat! The potatoes were good too and the croissant was on point. Will def be coming back here. Great service too. Kind and friendly!!
4	This is in an old 80's strip mall. It's an old-timer's spot. I normally come here for breakfast, brunch or lunch with my sister since she works nearby.They have omelets, scrambled, sandwiches, benedicts, wraps, tacos, quesadillas, burgers, coffee and smoothies. I'm a creature of habit so I have a selection of menu items I would never stray from: Chicken Egg White Omelet (with choice of chips, macaroni salad or fruit + choice of toast), Lobster Omelet, The Redondo (BLAT + turkey breast, Swiss cheese on sourdough bread) and, The Palm Springs (roast beef, avocado, cheddar, tomato and lettuce on wheat). For smoothies, I like: Strawberry Bear (strawberries, banana and non-dairy gelato) and Chai This (chai, protein powder, banana and soy milk). Smoothies that don't make my stomach hurt, yay!The service is good and the prices aren't bad.
4	After a day of road good and gross casino buffet. We needed a real breakfast before we hit the road again. This was it. Omelette was delicious. Coffee was drinkable. They made a special large pancake for the kid even though the menu was silver dollar. They are friendly and casual. We would eT here again.
5	Had 2 versions of eggs Benedict, and both were amazing. The chai tea late and "chai this" smoothie were also delicious, but the smoothie is a meal in itself. Good location and friendly staff. I will definitely be back soon.
3	I was really hoping this place would have sparked me to write a glowing review. I had never been before and it came highly recommended by co-workers. We rolled in as they opened at 7:00am, just as what appeared to be the gardner was rolling up the extension cord from his leaf blower. He told us we could sit anywhere. We opted for outside seating, as the September morning weather was cooperating. Drink orders were slow, as was the service in general. The food was delivered by, none other than, the "gardner." A jack of all trades it would seem. The eggs, hash browns and sausage were all very good. The pancakes, on the other hand, were not. They were chewy and it seemed as though they must have been done before the rest of the meal and then reheated. The coffee was decent and the atmosphere had a cool coffee shop flare to it. The slow service and chewy hot cakes prevent a four star rating. There is better food and better coffee elsewhere, but it's worth a trip just for the sake of saying you've been there.
5	good food, wonderful service, we come here all the time.
5	Because I'm not much of a gambler or party-er, I find myself treating Vegas much as I would being back home in LA. This basically means that I avoid the strip and prefer non food chain restaurants. First off, bonus points on the adorable name. I'm not much of a drinker, but coffee definitely is my drink of choice. Breakfast is traditional American. For me, the mark of a great restaurant is how good the eggs benedict are. These were pretty great. The eggs were perfectly poached. The hollandaise was rich and creamy and everything you expect from hollandaise. The potatoes were seasoned well and perfectly crispy and soft inside. We opted for patio seating because it was a beautiful day out in early October. Our server was a tall mustachioed Kings fan. He was attentive and even offered us a to-go cup for the road, which was considerate of him. Looking back now, I wish we had taken him up on that. The drive home took 2 hours longer than usual. Vegas is a great foodie town, but if you're not in the mood to deal with long lines, check out the Coffee Pub
5	I really love here! Every waiter and waitress  is so kind and friendly. Especially I love "French toast"and "Chicken Alfredo Pasta" and "Black Angus Patty melt sandwiches" and "chicken sandwiches" and "Kobe beef burger". It is all so delicious!!
5	Strong experience. As a long time Las Vegan I stopped in remembering it was tucked away and had a great reputation.  Food was very good and service was friendly. Had an old Vegas vibe. If I'm in the area in the future I will definitely pop in.
5	Service was awesome, food was amazing, price was just right!
3	Visited recently for the first time. I've had this place bookmarked for a minute and I was majorly disappointed. Coffee Pub has all of the makings of a hole-in-the-wall/hidden gem, but doesn't stack up. We were instantly greeted and sat, but it took about 5 minutes before a waitress came over. The place wasn't busy at all. Our drinks came out quickly and their iced coffee and espresso based drinks are amazing.Staff was very friendly. Looking forward to visiting again.
5	This place feels like your friend's parents kitchen table from 1993, in the best way possible. A gem! The dip sandwich, the eggs benedict, so good.
5	This place is a classic! I've been coming here for years! Great breakfast and lunch selections, great staff, cute little patio. I've never been disappointed!
5	I had plans to eat breakfast at Palace Station, but right as a friend and I turned from the 15 onto West Sahara, we both realized that it's one of the older casinos and we'll walk out smelling like smoke.  So, we kept driving.  Barely a half mile further and hidden in a corner of an older business park is this restaurant.  Why not give it a try?You walk in and it looks like an old pub where you'd go to order a beer instead of a meal.  When we sat down, we were given a menu with a large list of both breakfast and lunch items, the two meals they specialize in.We both ended up ordering the breakfast croissant, both with sausage instead of bacon and I got pub potatoes while my friend got the potato cakes.  The food is amazing.  Our waitress was friendly and the prices worked.It's so nice to find a breakfast place that breaks away from the typical crowds and foods and surprises their customers.  This place has been around since 1984 and I had never even heard of it.  I will definitely go back and look forward to seeing what they can offer for lunch.
4	This place is great for the basics and if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg at the casinos for pretty good breakfast. They have fresh bagels, oatmeal, and awesome lattes/cappuccinos. Among the crowd you will mostly see locals and not many tourists. Especially nice is not having to park in a giant casino lot to get a coffee. Parking is easy!
1	Horrible service. My mother and I order the same dish, we wait an extended period of time for eggs and only one order comes out for the both of us. The owner puts in the 2nd order and we wait another 15 min (again for eggs). Also,  from the time period we sat down and we received BOTH of our plates (35min) we weren't checked on once if we needed something, when we surely did. They didn't apologize nor care, and did they not make any accommodations with the bill. My mother finally said something to one of the waitress's and they simply didn't care. Never going back. Sad this place a block away from home.
5	Great breakfast.  Big yummy pancakes.   Potatoes are really good.   The staff is exceptional.   They are very welcoming and genuine.   Great find.  You will enjoy it.
