4	Las Vegas may not be the most kid-friendly town, but at least there are a few community parks around that will keep your little ones entertained for a bit. Exploration Park is at the corner of Blue Diamond and Buffalo, right at the entrance of the Mountain's Edge community. Here are some of the highlights of  this park:- A big hill with hiking paths up to the top. Provides a great view of the surrounding area. Great for working out if you want to do a few sprints up and down the hill.- A Western-themed play area for kids with several slides, swings, bridges, a short zip-line for the little ones, and many other things for kids to climb on- An archaeological dig site, where kids can "dig up" fake dinosaur bones- Covered picnic areas. Weekends are packed with local families celebrating everything under the sun. Get here early to reserve a spot because it's first come, first serve.- A water feature in the form of an old water tower that has several water jets firing water from the ground. It's a little small so it can get crazy busy during peak hours but kids will love it. For a park this size they really should have a larger water feature. That's the biggest negative about this place.- A huge grassy area. On weekends you'll find a few soccer, football, and volleyball games going on. There are also several community functions there throughout the year with live entertainment, food, and games. Check out their web site for events: http://mountainsedge.comFor local families, it's a great place to spend a few hours. My kid will usually work up a sweat climbing, running, and jumping around the fake western town/play area then heads to the water fountains to cool off. It's a guaranteed way to burn off energy and get him ready for an afternoon nap.
5	I'm bumping this place up to 5 stars because after visiting a bunch of other parks around the city, this is my favorite. First of all, it's the one where my kid always has the most fun. They've got so many different things to keep toddlers occupied and happy. Second, the hill. The hill makes for a great workout if you want to sprint up it a few times. If you want to take it easy, go for a leisurely walk up to the top and bring lunch. At the very top they've got an outlook with several benches and a picnic table. It's one of the best views you'll get of the southwest and you'll be able to see the Strip in the distance.
4	Gotta show some love to my home park. I don't go here often, but when I think about what it has to offer, it really does stack up against the best local parks in the valley. Granted, it doesn't have basketball or tennis courts. But I think it more than makes up for that with its expansive grass areas that are the perfect venue for things like "Movies Under the Stars" and the "1st Annual Mountain's Edge Snow Day."Of course, the first thing that you notice is Exploration Peak. A lot of people make fun of how small it is or how it looks like they just dumped a bunch of dirt next to the road. Honestly, despite it being a laughably short hike to the top, it's nice to have. It has a good view from the top and there are even places up there (and half way up) for you to just sit and chill (almost literally at this time of year).As for the kiddie play area, well I can't say I've really checked it out, but it looks extremely well designed. They went with an old western theme with the play sets and I think they pulled it off nicely. That reminds me. My best fake miniature photo was taken of the play area from the top of Exploration Peak.
5	I've been meaning to write about my neighborhood park for awhile.Although I don't frequent it that often, the few times I have was a good experience.  I've climbed the little trek up to Exploration Peak for a view of the southwest area.  A few times the Husband has gone for a run up there.  One summer we rode our bikes out to Exploration Park and all around there.I've taken a toddler to the playground area and he adored the western theme and the grassy fields to run down and fall into.  They also have a 'water area' but I could never figure out when they have it turned on or not.  Days that you think they would have it, they don't! I've never made it to the "Movies Under the Stars" (probably because I didn't know when it was but probably would have gone), so I couldn't ever take advantage of their amphitheater setting.  I did pass by for their "1st Annual Mountain's Edge Snow Day" and the snow pile was a bit small from what I was expecting.  But it looked like the kids loved it nonetheless.Overall, it's a pretty park and large in comparison to others.  Parking can be a challenge on spring and fall weekends when guests arrive early to score the tables and limited shaded areas for parties and what not.  They also have security on bike patrol, which helps keep the riffraff out.4.5 stars
5	Love this park. Something different from the typical blue and red play ground equipment you see everywhere. It's like a little town for kids and great for pictures. If you don't like watching and paying attention to your kids this is not the park for you because there is no gate and lots of places to roam. So it's perfect for us, we love it!
5	This is by far one of the nicest parks in all of Vegas. Its a bit of a drive from my house but worth it. I have been here many times now on playdates and its never very crowded during the week. There are many different areas for the kiddos to play at. They even have an area that you can dig up bones. This would be a great park to have a birthday party since there are several covered cabanas.
4	Really cool park. Nice green grass and playground equipment, grass volleyball and walking sidewalks.  They have lots of pet waste stations with bags and doggie water fountains but no fenced in dog park.  We found an empty patch of grass with no one near by to let our dog play fetch and the rent a cop came and yelled at us.  If they take his salary and build a dog park five stars for sure.
4	My monkeys LA LA LOVE this park. It is their favorite place in the world. If mommy didn't have to work...they would be there all day. Tons of smooth sidewalk for rollerblading, walking and running...challenging uphill trails and a HUGE playground for the kiddies (it sports a western motif). Its nice to have lots of parents there to talk to (I consider myself a social person) and its a great way to socialize your offspring. The only reason it isn't getting 5 stars is that I wish there was a gate around the large playground area. There are just too many places my wandering monkeys (they are 3 and 2) can get into trouble. It won't be that way forever so I am guessing their star value will increase to a 5 in the years to come.Sooo....if you see two ginger children running around and an exasperated tall redhead chasing them around...come over and say hi.
5	One look at the playground will make any adult jealous. The old western theme jungle gym is phenomenal. As an "adult", I was ready to climb up, on, and through all of the fancy equipment. Sadly, it is always too busy. Reminiscing about the past; this puts the swings that got too hot to sit on in the summer and the slides that would burn you as you went down to shame. Instead of feeling happy for the younger generations, I find that I envy them.The park has nice clean paths that are pet friendly. Every so often there are litter bags and trashcans to dispose of pet waste. Please do not leave your pet's "gifts" around when they conveniently place these amenities there. The best part about Exploration Park is the view of Vegas from the top of the mountain. It is not strenuous, fifteen minutes at a leisurely pace. If you take a casual stroll up, you can see the strip and how spread out our city is. They have a deck and two picnic tables. When the weather is nice, it is wonderful to pack a lunch and eat while enjoying the view.
5	Best park ever!Went here on a weekday early-mid morning, not a lot of people so there was plenty of room to run around and act like fool. Went up for a walk to the hill's peak and it was just a breathtaking view! 360 degrees of las Vegas! I picked a bad day to actually walk up there it was so windy I swear i could've just flown away if I wanted to! Sat in the grass area which was nice and relaxing,unfortunately the grass was a little wet so my butt got wet haha. This is a nice place to have a picnic.Try to come here when there aren't  a lot of people, it can get crowded especially when the weather's so nice and after school hours.
5	Exploration Park is filled with summer memories: running around the playground with friends or hiking up the mountain with those a bit closer. I simply adore this park. The western theme is not only prevalent; it's downright blatant - in the most endearing way. With little western storefronts adorning the playground, I have never felt any more of a desire to relive my childhood. In fact, I do - swing across zipline-esque contraptions, scaling the rope set-up, and pretending to be an archaeologist in excavating "ancient ruins". It's like I'm five all over again.The other day, I came here with a friend just to exercise. Jogging around the pathways and using the clean grass for our stretches makes this park perfect.The best part, hands down, would be the amazing view at the top of the mountain. A fifteen minute hike (at most), and you can see the sunset over the Strip. Gorgeous at night when the stars are out. Downright breathtaking and not a bad idea of a date either (hint!).I write all of this with the utmost jealousy. Kids nowadays have the coolest parks, but who's to say age should stop my inner child from coming out either.
4	Enjoy this park & the trails on the hill. My dogs love running through all the grass. I like that security is always around so you always feel safe.
5	Going to Exploration Park is one of the 100 Reasons Why I Love Living in Las Vegas. My husband and I take our dog for a walk a few times a week usually at night. I love how there is always security around and the park is still popping even at 8 pm.The layout of the park offers something for everyone. Lots of grass, walking trails, picnic areas and recreational activities. The play area is huge and they even have a little water park. There is always something happening on the weekends whether it's a dog festival or summer movie nights.They keep the park very clean and I love how visitors even show pride in the park by picking up after their dogs. I still haven't climbed up the hill but that is definitely on my To Do List once the the temperature drops down a bit.
4	We met at the park to carpool to the Desert Tortoise Conservation Center.  I wasn't there long, but it was long enough to know that I wanted to come back and walk to the top of the hill that overlooks the Las Vegas Valley.The facilities looked like they were well taken care of and the children's area had a stage coach that the kids were playing in and having a great time.  There are a lot of sidewalks through the area and it seems a great place to walk or jog.
5	My favorite park in Vegas! Aside from the fact that it's the closest to me, I LOVE all the green here (out on the ground floor) and there's a hill that you can hike up and work out your lazy selves (like me).It's also a good place for kids with the playground and it's really nice to just have a stroll here and just talk with your friends. The view is also nice at the top.. especially at night when Vegas is alit with the Strip's lights.
5	This is by far my favorite park,I take my 8 year old there she loves it they have this tall tower the kids can climb up,my daughter likes to climb up it and yell "I'm on top of the world dad".it also has a large being that it is in mountains edge with trails to jog or walk to get my jog on!! Another great thing about it is lots of green grass to throw a freesbie or play catch.it is also a water park for those hot days.if you have kids or a dog this is your p
4	Me and the Toddler are here regularly.Water Park... Check!Giant Grassy area.... Check!Giant Mountainous Hill with Monument on Top... Check!Lots of moderately dangerous Kids play areas for different ages... Check!Clean Bathrooms... Check!The concrete accoutrements of the play areas are rather well done. There's some snake and dinosaur shaped play equipment and a slide that goes through their concrete edifice. There's always tons of people here on weekends and evenings, but the park is huge so it accomodates well. Great for large gatherings of people. Huge ethnic diversity as well (I call this a plus!)There's also a giant hill that is not for the be-rascaled. It's a decent feat to climb to the top and you get a beautiful view if completed.The only thing this park lacks is a food and drink vendor (there is water) and one of those giant wheels to spin really fast. Minor complaints. Good for all ages.Also: since when are wood chips decent playground flooring? They get into everything and cause splinters.
4	This park is big enough to accommodate hikers, families, kids, dog people, and casual park goers.  And it's green!  There is actual lush grass at this park, and if I were younger I would roll down the hills (I'm kinda jealous of the kids that do this).  The trails up the mountain are people and dog friendly, and there are spots to take a break and take in the view.  Oh, the parking is great too, and the bathrooms are clean!
5	SHOELACE MOUNTAIN.So I am a Vegas native and grew up in the area of this park. My husband and I grew up calling the mountain the park is based around Shoelace Mountain because it looks like a big shoe. Anyways, It is so nice to have such a well kept, interesting park near my house. I love to take my dog up the hiking trail all the way to the top. The top has a great view of the Las Vegas Valley and is great to just sit and ponder life. The trail itself is a little over a half a mile round trip. There are a couple of rest areas in case you get too hot or winded. The rest of the park is great for families. I don't have children but the playground is always full of children and families picnicking.
4	We come here every morning for our morning hike after the bike ride around Mountain's Edge through the walking paths that keep us safe from the insane drivers that live here in my neighborhood. The Mountain has a myriad of pathways that you can take up down and all around to allow for maneuvering through the crowd when the weather is not as hot. The morning time when we go, there are a lot of walkers and occasionally a few runners that sprint up and down the mountain like its just flat ground.The park 'seems' walker & biker friendly MOST days but one day there was an older Asian couple walking the rounds one day and we ended up coming up on them on the walkway. Most of the walkers move to the side when they hear us slowly coming up (doesn't seem like too much to ask but maybe that's me) however this couple was standing their ground, so I took out through the grass to pass by them and when I came back up to the concrete I didnt get enough of an angle on the approach and the grass was wet so I went down hard on the concrete. The couple walked right on by and never even acknowledged the wreckage. Seemed rude.Other than that we have our doggy friends we say hi to every morning with their handlers and the regulars we see most everyday. Its a really nice park here for our neighborhood and the community plans a lot of outings here, walks, fund raisers etc. Definitely nice to have such an amenity close by.
5	Exploration Park and Shoelace Mountain are right next door and I frequent them both 3-4 times a week on average; they are both fun to explore and I always see park staff keeping the grounds clean (pet owners aren't cleaning up after themselves or littering) I really don't know how long the trail is but one of these days I will buy a tracking device and measure how many miles my hike is.  It generally takes less than an 30 mins to walk up down and around Shoelace and another 20 mins our so to walk the trail in Exploration park; The park is a kids dream with newer slides and climbing apparatus; there are open fields for sports like soccer, baseball and football; there are plenty of grills and seating areas; I don't know how I lucked out in living so close to this park but I thank my lucky stars every time I walk across the street (it does need a cross walk) Oh and on a side note; Shoelace Mountain isn't a mountain; I realize the paths on it and the shape of the hill make it look like a shoe but Its just a big rock formation that really should be classified as a Monadnock; I understand how Mountain is better suited for the regular person who didn't take and or pass earth science in JR. High so Mountain it will be.
4	Nice neighborhood park. Clean bathrooms. Lots of parking but there's never any east way to get over if you drive in going west on Buffalo, construction, no U turn signs and poorly planned road medians. Tons of grassy space for kids, adults and animals to play. Small volleyball area with adjacent picnic tables. Large children's play area. Picnic areas scattered throughout the park. It gets busy on the weekends, sometimes parties or events are being held.Great little hike spot as well, meander up and around Exploration Peak for great views and some exercise or follow the paved walking paths around the park if your not up for the climb.
4	Great park for kids.  Lots of playground area.  Big mountain for hiking for adults and kids can even make it up.  Huge great grass area for all kinds of playing.  They also have a small water area which is great in the summer.  My only complaint is that they do not have a shade overhang over the playground area.  It gets super hot during the summer and its a little hot to be playing and/or touching the equipment.
4	Vegas is Sun City. It is a blessed land with beautiful parks to spend time in the sun. Exploration Park, off Buffalo Drive and immediately south of Blue Diamond Road is one of many. It is a park with two sections. At a higher elevation, it is a hiking park up Shoelace Mountain. At ground level it is a neighborhood park within an oval paved trail. This review is separated by the two sections of Exploration Park.SHOELACE MOUNTAIN   Last weekend was my second hike up Shoelace Mountain. Both in September. Heading into the cooler months, this is an ideal warm-up hike for the longer hikes ahead. Kind of similar to a golfer warming up at a miniature golf course. In reality, Shoelace Mountain is more of a large hill than a mountain. From my observation, Shoelace Mountain is approximately the exact hight of the powerlines along Blue Diamond Road.  I rate the 30-40 minute round-trip hike and views from the two summits a solid 4 stars. The views are just awesome! They look down on a valley with the Strip in center stage, Red Rock, and a landscape transitioning from desert to Von's and suburbia. Both summits feature a shaded picnic table.    The trails are dirt and gravel. I address using caution after the first summit where the trail is especially gravely. Because the trails are unkind to a sneakers appearance, I suggest wearing an old pair with good traction or hiking boots.    I learned there are two trails up Shoelace Mountain. The popular trail originates from the oval walkway in the community park section. The less popular trail originates from the southeast corner of Buffalo at Blue Diamond. I highly recommend exploring both trails for a few reasons. From the viewpoint of the less popular trail's segment parallel to Blue Diamond, Shoelace Mountain does look like a shoe. This is  4 star picture material. In my opinion the less popular trail is not as steep as the more popular trail. Exploring both trails will extend your hiking experience. For the record both trails intersect immediately past the first summit.NEIGHBORHOOD PARK   Exploration Park is a first-rate neighborhood park that celebrates Shoelace Mountain. The oval trail that encircles the park, affords spectacular views of Shoelace Mountain. Even at night, when Shoelace Mountain is illuminated and used as an occasional movie screen.   Exploration Park also celebrates a high quality of life for visitors. The manicured grassy field within the oval trail is welcoming. A state-of-the art playground adorned with western store-front facades and a splash pad improves a family's quality of life. A smooth trail surface with dog scoop stations increases a dog owner's quality of life. A security presence increases everybodys quality of life. Security patrols the park on foot and bike. Will I return to Exploration Park? Vegas is Sun City! It offers so many beautiful parks to spend time in the sun. I am anxious to spend time in as many of the parks as possible. Eventually I will return to Exploration Park.
4	A picnic, barbeque and hike getaway with the family and good friends? Exploration Park is the answer. I have gone up shoelace mountain with one of my close friends before and it was a pleasant hike, light enough to recommend my parents to join us the second time around. We got to pick a nice little picnic area with a barbecue pit right by the parking area and horse shoe pit overlooking a lush grassland. There my parents prepped the charcoal while the rest of us arranged the necessary utensils then proceeded to exploring the rest of the park which undoubtedly had the capacity & the facilities to accomodate a wide variety of groups from families, to children, to joggers, to animals and people interested in volleyball or hiking, etc. I even got a chance to just walk around and spot some mockingbirds for the fun of it. Bathrooms were clean and the concrete pavements were safe and great to walk/run on. After filling our tummies up, we stayed for talks then proceeded to Shoelace Mountain. It was my parents' first hiking experience and thanks to the wonderful weather and their enthusiasm, they breezed through it. We then found ourselves at the peak and gazed at the city in awe. People may need to go up here every once in a while to be reminded of how beautiful Vegas is, breathe in the fresh air and just exhale out the stresses of the week. Couldn't have been more refreshing than it was. On our way back, we caught site of the playground and noticed all the fun stuff the kids were enjoying. Be sure to check that place out if you have kids. If not, perhaps bring a picnic blanket and enjoy some munchies on the grassland. This park has a lot to offer and fall is a great time to treasure the facilities even more.
5	This park is amazing! So many interactive things for all ages. My favorite thing so far is that you can uncover a dino fossil in the sand box. I went on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty crowded, but the park is so big with so many things to do, it's not really an issue. There's hiking trials up the mountain, ton's of grass for picnics and games of all kinds. Great place for an afternoon outing!
5	A large beautiful park for all kinds of fun activities, e.g.: kids playing, walking, running, dog walking, valleyball, soccer/football, frisbee,  picnic, or simply just relaxing...!  AND yes, one can even do REAL HIKING on a REAL hill! On its peak, there's a spectacular view of the city of Vegas/Henderson and surrounding mountain ranges! - This park is meticulously maintained and very well patrolled by park security.MORE DETAILS - It is a large, very popular park for locals and tourists of ALL ages! This park has endless green lawns; a western-themed children's play area; valleyball courts; covered pavilions, paved trails around the park (~1mi). There are concrete benches and picnic tables everywhere. Yes, there is restroom facility here, too. - This park is a kids' heaven with its spacious, interesting playground, which even has a circular court with water spouts shooting out columns of water at different time intervels to amaze and delight the children, and entertain their parents and grandparents! REAL HIKING ON THE HILL?- YES, Seriously!Much to the delight of us city-hikers, we can do REAL hiking on a real hill here, too! There is a large Circular Observation Deck with a magnificent, panaramic view of Vegas/Henderson, the Spanish Trail...and surrounding mountain ranges! [See pics]! This great deck is quite educational on Vegas history and geography, as is breathtaking in beauty.There are about 0.5mi gentle hiking trails around the hill.  One can hike this Exploration Peak (~200+ft vertical) in a combination of different routes. There's a covered pavilion on the  mid-hill and one on the top with great views, perfect for picnic or taking a rest.The hike is short and quite gentle, the views are spectacular, thus very popular for all ages. - Hiking up the trails, I have seen todlers walking on a leash; young dads pushing a stroller up, elderlies hiking up on canes...not to mention people hiking their pets up and down! Of course, it's not uncommon to see young legs running up and down the slopes!Notes:1.  While uploading pics, I found out that our Yelper hiker Daniel S. had already given an excellent, informative and interesting review on Exploration Peak Park a couple of months back. You'll find it worth yourwhile reading it!2. Reference Website: http://www.mymountainsedge.com/amenity.asp?id=2Peterskis, Nov 2012---
1	Be careful  my wife had her purse stollen at the park. The kid ran to the walking trail to the apartments. The security at the park   Found her ID & after dumpster diving  I got  her purse back.  lost debit card & her gps.
5	THIS is the best of the best parks in Las Vegas/Henderson/Summerlin. My husband and I needed something to do the day after Christmas. We were still groggy from eating turkey and drinking the day before though. We really did not feel like driving all the way to Red Rock. I happened to locate this park right here on Yelp, and noted from the reviews there is a small "mountain" (hill) to hike up.When we arrived the park was full of children and adults alike. The children were playing on the Western themed playground equipment, and some were running around on the large expanse of green grass. The park is very well kept. It looks as though it could be plopped down into a city like Colorado Springs and not be out of place. "Shoelace Mountain" is an easy hike, not too far up, not too steep, even for beginners this would be kind of easy. I am a wussy when it comes to going DOWN anything though, so of course, I had to inch my way down after we made it up. Once you get to the top there is a look-out place with information regarding the Las Vegas Valley and surrounding areas. You can see the strip, all of the valley and look across to Red Rock as well. There are also picnic benches up at the top.Overall this park is a perfect retreat for city-dwellers who don't want to go far to "get away".
4	Wanted to do something different for my birthday morning and catch the sunrise. I didn't want to travel too far nor do an extended hike; luckily, my 9 y/o niece told me of a hike she did with my sis-in-law and my mom. Heck, if they could do it, I'm sure I could.My roomie and I came here with his dog. And it was a great hike. Nice view. Pretty easy. And close to home.The park is, also, a great looking park with different themed places for kids to play at.
5	This is a great park to bring dogs or to go for a walk.  At night the light shines on Mountain's Edge and it is very cool!
4	I love this place. As being told in other reviews, this place has a an awesome western-themed playground for kids, great hiking trails and beautiful lawns. The disadvantage in my opinion is the fact that in hot summer days there's hardly any shade! I wish there was some kind if shade on the grass. That would make this place absolutely perfect!
4	I've never been to this park and wouldn't have if it wasn't for our potluck UYE being held here, but this is a very nice park. There's big areas of  grass that was actually green and a bit hilly, theres a pavilion with picnic area and also smaller one off around the park, a  playground with water features. There's a easy hiking trail from here called Shoelace Mountain which is a a hike up to some wonderful views. I didn't get to go up since we were here for the picnic. Trail originates from the oval walkway in the community park section or the other trail is on corner of Buffalo at Blue Diamond.There was a event going on so we found one table in a far corner. If you are having a large picnic, I guess double check with the park. It seems like a popular and fairly busy park when it was light. We were some of the few once the dark went though. Since there wasn't enough room by our table a guard kept getting on us about being on a sidewalk by our table. There were bikers, walkers, etc but anytime we saw once we announced a clear for everyone. Overall nice park, and decent hiking option for nice city views.
4	I really like this park. If you have kids they have a huge playground area with that should keep them busy for half a day! They have shaded picnic tables all around the park and a couple Volley Ball courts as well. If you're up for a little physical activity there's a short hike up to a peak that has views of the entire valley. They also have some picnic tables to enjoy at the top as well.
5	love this park. the hike to the top of the hill is short and very rewarding. the grass here is lush. there are no homeless people. of the few times ive been here there was always a security guard on a bike. maintenance crews were gardening and singing while birds landed on their shoulders to fan them from the heat (cinderella and snow white would be impressed) while the trees bent down to help them trim their branches. ok so its not that magical but it is nice. i like to be able to take a walk or nap without worrying about drunk homeless people under trees or walking on needles or drug paraphernalia. i also like the fact that people come here to enjoy the park and are mostly respectful if it. no one bumpin their loud ass music or turning the parking lot into a impromptu car show. i was disappointed to see broken glass bottles around the top of the hill. this reminds me of what a park used to be back in the 80's before our innocence was destroyed by reality tv shows like "jersey shore", "amish mafia", and "the kardumbshians"
3	Overall a nice park. Perks: water/play fountain for kids (can get pretty crowded); a long trail around the park and a big hill with dirt paths to climb; a big grass area; they often hold event for holidays. Bummers: gets too crowded; not enough picnic spaces; gets trashed (literally) on the weekends.
4	Love this park! Whenever my group of friends wants to have a picnic, this is where we go. The grass is always super green and the park is kept clean. They get a little pushy with keeping your dog on a leash, but that's understandable. Once in a while the trash cans are overflowing, but it's not a huge deal. There's a lot of space, both grassy and playground equipment. There's also a water feature that the kids can play in. Overall, one of the best parks I've been too in Vegas!
5	Great place for a little hiking, BBQ, paying ball.
4	It's a nice park, great play area for kids if you have em. Volleyball, horseshoe and bbq area. Dogs must be kept on leash at all times and they enforce this rule. Exploration peak trail literally takes me 10mins up but if you're out of shape - this may be a good start for you.
5	Great park for lounging, walking the dog, or just about any sport. Enjoy the park and take a nice hike up the trail to exploration peak to get a great view of the city. I frequently stop by this park for jogs and workouts and its always clean and always kept up.
5	Looking at this park compared to the ones I grew up playing in, HUGE difference. I'm used to big metal jungle gyms with lead paint peeling off and rust building up on the stairs going up to the slides. This park is far from that. Wooden jungle gyms that are perfectly built are what this park has. It pretty much looks like a little wooden city. Super cute! If I had kids, I'd definitely take them here. As for the hill overlooking the city, not a difficult climb at all. Came here to clear my mind and to get some exercise. There were lots of loose rocks up the trail so just be careful where you step. Once at the top, the view is amazing. There's a circular area to rest and glance over the city. Perfect place for date night or just to come and relax.
5	My favorite park! I love hiking up the hill and enjoying the view. The park is always clean and well maintained. My daughter really enjoys the water feature and playground here also.
4	Awesome park. I lived a couple blocks away from here and it's a great park. Not very reminiscent of the parks I grew up with. A lot of places to play at if you have kids I like the trail going around the park and the actual mountain you climb up on. I just wished they had a basketball court in here. That would have completed the park and added that extra star.
5	When my hubby & I were looking for our new home, I heard of this park... And it was one of the major contributing factors for making the choice to move to Mountains Edge. We used to live in Alliante. I would actually drive all the way down here just to let our children play at this park because it was so fun. So large. So full of things to EXPLORE. It is larger than it seems. I really never get tired of coming here. Now we are only 1 mile away...just a few min bike ride. The only negatives I have are:****Only 2 normal swings? REALLY??!! *DUH* what moron agreed to this??!! *Not enough parking...Especially when they have an event. :(*No crosswalks across Buffalo. :(*Entrance can only be accessed one way... And no U-Turn actually allowed-which everyone does anyway. :(
4	Monkey love finishing the run with this short hike up and over Exploration Peak.  Refreshing 360 degree view of the flat landscape.  Unimproved trails worn by regulars and lined by stones.  One sucky muddy spot at bottom of the north side.  Two shaded picnic tables and informational area at each peak, describing nearby points of interest.  To the south, grassy areas, tables and kids play area, including water fountains to play in.  Plenty of parking.
5	Moving to Vegas, I needed a new thinking spot and I saw reviews on this park. It seemed so relaxing and I wondered how a park would work especially in Vegas. It made me smile when I came here, because there were many children enjoying the park's amusements for children. They seemed to really enjoy this weird hill thing I saw, but of course, my main focus at the park was to hit the trail.While searching, there was a nice blend of green where you can have a nice standard picnic at or run a few laps around the track like roads, or move away and see a lot of desert instead. I never really saw parks like these before, so it was quite a bit interesting for me. Upon reaching the hiking trail itself, you'll notice a sign that pretty much tells you that you are advised only to hit the trail during daylight hours. I came during a time where the sun would set soon, because I wanted a nice bit of scenery.The trail is relatively easy to climb and probably takes 10 minutes at MOST. I didn't have hiking shoes on so I slipped from time to time, but once I got to the top I was pretty amazed. There were picnic areas at the top and an area at the center to sit around and relax.It made me realize how underdeveloped Vegas is the farther you are from the strip. It was quite interesting to see, but it also gave me a feeling of emptiness. You can see a lot of hills not too far away and the sunset was quite amazing. It was quiet at the top so I felt like I was able to keep a steady mindset while I was here.When coming back down, I felt like a lot of weight was lifted. Usually downhill hikes can be painful, but because of how short this is, it's pretty light on the legs. (I did leg day at the gym shortly before this.)I wish I had someone to take, but I can save that for another time.
4	Just moved to the proximity of this park and my baby husky needed to find a new place to run around and explore. This park is definitely the cleanest park I have ever been to. Its also safe with security on patrol during business hours. The playground also makes me feel adolescent again. Its huge and very well maintained. The only problem I have with this park is that it doesnt really have a place where you can do aesthetic exercises.Theres even a mini hiking trail at this place.. come on now, what kind of park has a hiking trail? Just makes it that much better. Very diverse.
5	Itty Bitty Exploration Park ReviewWheee!!This park is cool because you can hike up to the peak and see some awesome views of the valley from the top and it only takes about 6 minutes to get up there. You can follow the trail straight up and there are little rest huts along the way, although it's not really strenuous.  Located right off of Blue Diamond Road, the park itself is pristine, with a great playground for the kiddies and the cleanest park bathroom I think I've ever seen.Check it out and get ready to take some pictures at the top!
5	I can't bring myself to move out of the Southwest. One big reason being Exploration Park. I'm Kind of obsessed with this park. There's a miniature mountain "Exploration Peak" perfect for beginner trail runners and a paved area to relax on the top! It's the perfect "nature" workout without driving to red rock. It's the "mountain" to hike if you're short on time.Pro Tip: bring a buddy + a couple of yoga mats. The cool breeze and great view of Las Vegas from the top will make a great Dandayamana-Dhanurasana Instagram. Don't lie. You know you want to do it. #Namaste yo.
5	I love living in Mountains Edge. I love all of the the community activities held at the Exploration Park. I can't wait to have kids so  I can bring them to the park and be able to enjoy it even more!! :)
5	How's about a 30-minute hike to get away from the woes of the city? Exploration Park is a beautiful park for children and hiking spot for families of all ages to enjoy! At the halfway point, there is a small bench area where a breathtaking view of the Strip can be seen; or teenagers can venture up there to gossip about their high school lives without being overheard by other vicious gossip-mongers that you can find in school. At the top of the peak, there is a circle terrace and another bench area where the view of the city is even more dazzling. The trail is a very small hike and really good for kids and beginners that want to step into the world of the outdoors. Make sure you can handle this small mountain before taking on bigger game ;) At the bottom is a big play park for children with multiple swing sets and slides. They even designed it so it looks like the Ol' Vegas West!! It even has a tiny mountain replica that smaller kids can "hike". It's just way too cute for words! So how about a hike? Exercise, exercise, EXERCISE! Get those New Years Resolutions done while letting your kids play!!
5	Exploration Park is a wonderful little gem on the southwest side of the valley!The park has many of the standard park features in Vegas...a real nice old west themed kids playground, some open grass, a few covered picnic areas, restroom facilities, etc.  The real "high point" for this park though is the short trail to the top of Exploration Peak.  The trail to the top is a well-maintained dirt path.  The short, though slightly steep, hike allows for some atypical, scenic views of the city.  The trail is ideal for families, beginner hikers that don't mind a bit of elevation gain (about 800 feet), and trail runners.  The shortest version is about 1/2 mile round-trip, but other options allow you to loop around for almost 2 miles before you retrace a lot of your steps.  There is a lookout spot part of the way up the mountain as well as a couple of features at the top.  At the top there is a shaded area as well as an observation deck.  As another BAMF has mentioned, the circular observation area calls out to you with a sweet invite...asking, maybe even demanding, that you bring a yoga mat and practice on top of the mountain...so do it...or at least post an empowering yoga pic for the rest of us...never know when you'll provide the inspiration that motives another being to positive change!...alas, it will have to wait till next time for me!It is not the best park in the world...or the states for that matter, but the uniqueness it offers the Vegas Valley is reason enough for 5 stars in my book!
5	beautiful park! one day me and my friend decided to hike instead of workout and came here since it's right new my place. I've only seen the mountain that everyone is hiking but it much bigger than that. they have fields where people can sit and chat or picnic, or even kick around a ball. they also have a play area for kids which was packed when we went. they have some parking but it's usually almost full. best best best part has to be the view at the top, you can see the whole city and i know i wish it was open at night it would be just beautiful!!!
4	I enjoy this park and try to do the long long hike up that mountain have so far done it 3 times since hiking in L.A.  I Love the fact that it is so close to my house and it is always clean no matter when I have gone.  Since I live @ mountains edge they had better keep it clean since I have to pay the association fees lol    Oh yeah and the security at night is nice too.  Great for walking your dogs and great little area for little kids if you have them.  Phew I am tired out from thinking about the hike lolHappy Yelping xoxoxoxo
4	What a beautiful park! The actual jungle gym is massive! Fun (and big enough) for adults! The hike to the top of Exploration peak is what brought us here.... Everything is what's keeping us coming back! :)
5	Best park on the west side of Vegas. I'm here all the time. It's good for younger toddler years also. Very safe. A lot of room and different toys to play on. Seems like it's well run and managed. The architecture, sand pits, and rope climber are all so unique. My daughter loves the snake and lizard statues. There's something for everyone here. AND a water park in the summer.
5	Great park to take the kids or to do a quick photoshoot just to clear your mind... Makes me feel back at home in the bay with all of the greenery ... You can also do a little hike while you're there, just be sure to watch your step- It can get a little scary going up...
4	This is my favorite park that i have been to so far in las vegas! It is just beautiful! Hiking, awesome kids playgrounds, perfect for picnics, birthday parties & any other kind of family outings. I could spend all day at Explorations Park with my family and it would always be a great day to remember!
5	This is a great park!  We took our 6 year old here in the afternoon prior to the red-eye back to the east coast.  She had a blast, and we had a moment to enjoy the warm weather and the only patch of green we saw in 6 days.The equipment is new, the grounds were clean (a few empty water bottles laying around), and they have active security.
5	I thought this was a very cute park. I was looking for a little mini hike to take my son. He's very bouncy, active and never has been a hike before. This was perfect for him to experience his 1st hike. The view at the top was great, we took a lot of pictures. After we went down he played at the cute little park set up like an old little pioneer town. Everything was very clean and new looking. There were a lot of bday parties going on that day, and was busy with lots of kids. I guess there is a water or splash park too but it was currently closed, but is supposed to be opening soon. Very nice area around it as well. All in all it was since park that we will visit more often.
5	Amazing place to relax, go for a run, have a BBQ, or bring kiddos and let them run wild. There are plenty of shady spots to hide from the sun when it's too hot. There is also a fun splash and play to beat the heat as well. When it's windy, EP is a killer place to fly kites. You can have birthday parties, family gatherings, reunions, etc. here. There is also a fun hiking trail on a "mountain" that's more like a decent sized hill. Great for training or taking dogs for a quick excursion. Overall, EP is a fantastic place for kids and adults who want to feel like a kid again.
5	The best park in the community! Well taken care of by the HOA. Plenty if space to have fun and see other families enjoying themselves as well. Such comfy grass. The hike up the peak is not bad. Plenty of dog stations for people to pick up their dogs crap. The only bad thing is the bats that fly around at night during the movies at the park!
5	My go to park in the SW area when bringing kids that are just too energetic for me to handle. The jungle gym area is a cool western theme and is big enough for groups of children to run around and enjoy. There's see saws, spring horses, a tangled rope play area, a tower that overlooks the park, a swing set, some slides, and a water play area. The grass fields are real grass hills that feel cool under your feet. You could roll down them in a race like kids. There is a volleyball court too.When I can't make it to the gym or I want to do a quick cardio hike, I go here. The trail to the top is steep, but manageable. If you're going to go up it, wear good shoes. Your ankles might slip if you wear flip flops.
5	Great park with lots to do. Large play ground, decent splash pad, nice bathrooms, large open areas and shaded picnic tables. The playground is the highlight. Lots of equipment with multiple slides. The kids seem to really like the enclosed tube slides. There is a large sand pit with over sized animals the kids can climb on. And finally some rocks the older kids can scramble on.Splash pad is jets shooting up. Great for water balloons and running. Lots of shade around outside of pad so good for parents. Bathrooms here are in great shape the last two years so must have decent cleaning regime. I really like this park and the running, screaming and giggling kids seen to enjoy it as well.
5	Awesome place to kinda cool off with the water sprayers in the hot vegas heat.  Lots of slides and grass for the kiddies to run around on.
5	Beautiful Park! Well maintained, nice playground, nice trail, huge grassy area, great running trail and it also has a fun water splash pad!! Great place for all ages.
5	This is one of the coolest parks in town and has all the amenities of big playgrounds for kids good areas for barbecue and picnic's parties etc. etc. then you have large grass areas to play sports or just to hang out and a volleyball court.In the summertime at the playground they have water that pushes up from the ground for the kids to play in and if that's not enough there's a side trail to climb and hike mountains edge mountain
5	Awesome park plenty of space! The trail is awesome,  the field is cool.  My kids love the water feature also.
4	Give credit to where it deserved.I have always walked on this park ever since I've lived in the Mountain Edge community, and I keep coming back because it is well-maintained and atmosphere-friendly.There's an easy hiking trail on the hill and a paved path for casual walking. Playground galore: kids, adults, and dogs, whether you want to wet your feet on the water splash, or walk barefoot on the green-trimmed grass, it's circulatory heaven for your sole. Picnic perfect under the pavilion or on the benches, I guess you can eat on the grass too, it will take you away from the cookie cutter view that you usually see from your balcony. Oh or you can fly a kite if you want to.Bring your Nike's, next time you are in the area, walk and wander/wonder.Oh and ah you will be rewarded with an awesome view of the sandstone cliffs of Red Rock Canyon, and maybe a red hot-air balloon too, on top of the hill, yeah.
5	Beautiful park!! If you're a southern kid like me and you need a bit of greenery in your life, this is the place to go. You can go hiking up the mountain, which gives you a great view of the city and Las Vegas Strip. Also, a playground for the kids, and plenty of space for the pup to run around.
5	Well maintained park. I love the green and the walking trails are hilly, as well as the mountain. I have been to lot of parks here in Vegas, this is really nice.
5	Truly an oasis in the desert.  Let's of green grass, tall trees and walking paths.  Plenty of room for a pick up game of football, soccer or anything requiring several hundred yards of running room.  Great playground for the younger ones and a mini water park open in the summer.
4	Beautiful neighborhood park. Park has a large play area and splash pad for the kids. Wish it had a pool..
5	I love going to park. But I never thought that I would love a park as much as this park. I have visited pretty much almost every single park in Las Vegas area. I usually go to park either to walk a dog, reading a book, or just to smell the scent of fresh green grass. This particular park strikes me the most. If this park is an iPhone, than it really makes other park looks like a stupid calculator. Why do I like this park so much?The grass, it is so green to the point where it almost like being sprayed by a green paint. At the end of my park exploration, my blue jeans has turned into a green jeans. The temperature, I swear it got to be the same temperature as in California, without the humidity of course. I usually go at night, and at my area where it's about 80 degrees at night, it feels like 70 degrees here. Security, this is the only public park where I could actually see the security guard. It just adds an extra layer of safety feeling, especially at night where some weirdos seem like to show up. Most other parks I've been to? The security guard never seems to exist.  Cleanliness, you can tell that someone actually takes care the restroom. One of a few parks with a clean restroom.Bicycle trails and walking paths, which is one of my favorite part of the park. It lets you wonder on what can you explore. I saw a wild rabbit during my walk. I tried to chase it down, but I afraid I will ended up at the Wonderland. Location, since it's not located at the center of Las Vegas. This park is not affected by the Strip light as much. It makes the park a little darker at night. And that's a good thing! It just feels more intimate.This is the only park in Vegas that I am proud to tell friends to go, especially for those that need some soul searching. Seriously, it's good for your soul. PS: Please don't crowd this park and destroy it. I don't want to regret that I ever written this review...
5	Awesome park! Great area, well maintained, water splash pad for the kids, everything is clean. Has a little trail to go up and dog friendly! The area for kids to play on are different a must to do!
4	I've been to this park a few times and for different purposes. Most of the time it's to bring my friends' children while I'm babysitting. I love the large playground area and the variety of activities available. I also totally dig the western theme. I've been here a couple times for family photo shoots. There's a large grassy area and the small "Mountain" provides a cool dessert backdrop. This park is also great for exercise. Ruben and I have been here to walk around and to climb that "Mountain." The climb is much too steep for my liking plus the lack of a real path and loose dirt made it very unstable. Not my kind of exercise. The top was a really cool though - great view, fun facts, and a place to just chill for a bit. I think this is a great park to bring your kids, have picnics, and walk around.
5	Such a nice park! They have a big playground where kids can be kids and adults can be kids! Lol. It's so big that I could walk and play all around it! They have a huge mountain that you can hike and it's a beautiful scene! There's lots of grass space to place games like football, soccer, tag, etc. There's a trail for walking, and it's super nice to just lay a blanket out and stare at the stars at night. I love this park!
5	Amazing park! I live right down the road from here and go here often! There is a great old western themed playground, lots of open grass, trail, and you can hike up to the top of the mountain for an amazing view of Strip and the whole city. I used to run bootcamps here because of the amazing area. Green grass, nice trees, and awesome scenery! Can't ask for much more.
