4	Great experience my first time there.  Good food, great atmosphere, great service.  I would definitely go back!
5	New building...very open, modern and inviting.  Ate at the bar which is excellent for people watching.  Everyone was professional, friendly and I love that the staff doesn't all have the same boring uniform.  Dale the bartender was awesome!  So happy that this joint  has moved into my neighborhood!
3	I've been to the location on Tatum many times and always enjoyed the food. I assumed the food would be the same at every location, not true. My husband & I both ordered the diablo pasta with shrimp. We both thought the dish was bland. In the past it had lots of flavor plus a little heat, not this time. Also, we went on Cinco de Mayo. They had $2 Coronas, but ran out. How is that possible? We may return then again we may not.
3	Great building, cool place to hang out. But if you are looking for tasty and unique food, you can do much better at many of the other restaurants in the area. They are still trying to get there service techniques down, so it was noticeably chaotic. Also, happy hour specials are nothing to write home about. I've been to other Z Tejas's in the valley and found this one to have not as good service and definitely not as good food. Regardless it is one of the more unique settings to hang out with big open windows and a glass ceiling.
2	We have been to the Tatum and Shea location many times and had high expectations. This place did not impress us. We had been on Mother's Day and the place was packed. The staff was friendly but the kitchen didn't seem to be able to cope with the crowd. It was an hour 'till we got our food and then it wasn't hot.We thought we would give it another try so made a reservation for 6 pm. on Friday night. At 6:45 , after not a word from the hostess, we gave up and walked over to PCG and had a great evening. I don't think we'll be going back.
3	I like Z'Tejas and I frequent the location in Scottsdale Fashion Square a lot.  This location just opened by my house and have been five or six times.  The food has always been the same great food I'm used to at the Scottsdale location.The service has been great on the bar side so far.  Last night, the dinning room service was sub-par.  I'm pretty sure our server was trained and just thrown out to wolves!  The management needs to do a better job of training their team before giving them a table of seven on a busy Friday!Hope the service improves!
5	LOVE this place! We came here for a work lunch and I walked out full, buzzed, and happy. Order the cornbread. Order the trio. Hell, order anything you want. ALL of it is good.Crazy note:  There's a margarita called the "Shemango" that is AMAZING. They only allow you to order a maximum of three because of how strong the drink is. I finished the first one and felt like I drank five. SUCCESS!
3	This Z'Tejas location unfortunately hasn't lived up to the expectations I developed after frequenting the Tempe location. The atmosphere feels a little "Old Country Buffet" to me (light green and white tablecloths, boring plates) and sadly, the food just isn't anything to write home about. Most recently, I have ordered the trout dinner and also the chicken burrito on a separate occasion. Both were satisfying but neither one thrilled me, and both were served somewhat sloppily (no garnish, food off center, nothing looked "pretty"). I agree with some of the other reviewers who noted that the staff seem to still be getting a hang of the menu and presentation. The frozen house margarita here is ALWAYS a good choice. You can never fail with one of those suckers! The margarita alone will guarantee my return here - even if I only order appetizers. The tableside guacamole is yummy and the happy hour price ($6 as opposed to almost $11 regularly) is worth it. I have always loved the cornbread and the salsa/dip trio on the appetizer menu. In summary: go for the margarita and the appetizers! I'd like to try dinner service again in a few months when they've had more time to perfect it.
1	Worst experience at a Z Tejas ever. First, there is no parking. Then Ivey was a horrible server, non-attentive, didn't bring more drinks as we sat with empty glasses for 20 minutes. Then food was mediocre at best, they over-cooked my $26 steak, then took so long to bring a new one that I had to eat alone as the rest of the table had already finished. To top it off, in the middle of dinner, there are blinds in the ceiling that they opened while food was on the table and watched the dust fall into food. Completely unacceptable and would not recommend this Z Tejas location to anyone.
1	My wife and I dropped in for a bit Monday evening.  Place was not super crowded, but busy.  Service was horrendous.  We sat there unaknowledged (is that even a word) with no one saying hi, offering a water, or anything for like 5 minutes.  That being the case, we took our business elsewhere.  Not very impressed at all.  Head over to Richardsons if you want great service and good mexican food.  We won't be going back unless we get desperate for variety.
4	I thought the service was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the glass ceiling in the center of the restaurant. The food wasn't spectacular, but definitely consistent with what I expect from a ztejas. I had catfish beignets with fries which were peppery and great with the spicy tartar sauce. My husband had Barbacoa enchiladas which tasted fine as well.
4	Great service and food.  Thank you to Hemi and the chef for the special habenaro salsa for the turkey wrap, delish. Very consistent any time of day.
4	I have been here a few times and it has never failed to disappoint.  The margaritas are pretty good but not the best I have had.  Their bloody mary's are average even though there is a website that says it is one of the best bloody mary's in town.  The chicken tortilla soup is outstanding! I do not normally like soup from restaurants, but this one is the best I have ever had.  I have had a few entrees but none of them very memorable.  The only reason why I give this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is because every time I order the soup to go, it is usually pure broth.  When I eat in the restaurant, however, it is a full meal with plenty of chicken.  I do not think it is fair to pay and tip for a to go order for about $10 when I end up just paying for broth.  Great place overall, though.
4	I recently went to the new Z'tejas location on 16th and Bethany for my one year anniversary and we were sat near the windows and our server recommended some margaritas. The fruzion was delicious. And so were both of our meals also recommended by our server. We both had the diablo chicken pasta. Our server was a short blonde, her name escapes me but I thoroughly enjoyed my time at this restaurant.
3	The first thing I noticed when I walked in is that the building is very well designed. So for architecture I give Z Tejas a strong grade. I'll be honest, I wasn't that excited to see this addition to the neighborhood. The Richardson's/Rokerji/Dick's Hideaway people do Southwest food about as well as it can be done and all are within an easy walk of Z. Neighborhood bar? I'll take any number of places including the Garage across the street. I'm just not sure where Z Tejas fits. The food is exactly what you would expect, pretty good, not great. If you have friends in town from rural Washington/Nebraska/Minnesota, this will be exotic and outside their comfort zone from a flavor standpoint. Arizona people might think a little... Meh. I do like that they section out their menu to show the vegetarian listings, always a positive to make things easier on the diners. The southwest slaw (I think that's what it's called) was one of the worst things I've ever had. It tastes like somebody took cole slaw and added all the black pepper they could find. I like pepper so I can only assume this was a mistake or designed for a consumer that has almost no sense of taste.
4	Great service and the food was amazing!
5	Never disappoints! Love coming to this place for their happy hour specials.  Their food is gourmet, always has tons of flavor.  AMAZING AMAZING, AMAZING!!
4	This place is great, everything about it. Last night my waitress was scarce but another was on top of my drinks. Go figure. But the street tacos are a definite order every time...just delicious. Great happy hour menu and the reverse happy hour make for a terrific late night snack.
3	Well my first visit here wasn't great. Food didn't get ordered, got double charged, and there was a hair on the plate. Yikes. This all was taken care of by our waiter who was very nice. I came back a second time and it was better. Got the Hickory Burger. YUMMY! and the quesadilla was fantastic.
4	Excellent grilled trout with mango salsa. Steak burrito rocks! Superb table service, attentive and informative. Very clean inside and out. I like that there are seating choices either the "library" a quieter area, or the "man cave" in the bar area, the "green room" like an atrium with plenty of light, or the actual bar area. Something for everyone. Looks like happy hour menu is diverse. On Monday's and Tuesday's it's 1/2 off a bottle of wine. Prices are reasonable and service was excellent. We'll be back.
1	Thank you, thank you..... Um........for proving my point. Fusion places are a bad idea.... Add the fact that its a chain to that and wow = disaster.....We had a party of thirteen. Great service, considering the size of the table, the server was awesome... Meaning nice, and attentive.The food however, and I use the term "food" loosely, was horrible. Why do they feel the need to mix, Mexican, southwest, southern, and Chinese!! Really what is that?Can't you just do one thing amazing and not twenty things just mediocre?Anyways...13 people and not a one finished their meal. Not a one had the same thing, not a one, took anything to go, and not a one liked what they ordered..... Ehhhhh Food is just weird, prepared weird, looks weird and tastes like an expensive chili'sOkay, okay.... I am done. Sad but true, such a waste of an amazing local community location...... :-( P.s. don't ever tell someone from the south that you serve the best cornbread in the country........well, unless its actually true. Okay thanks.
1	I was a little bummed to see a chain restaurant open in the neighborhood, but figured I'd give it a chance. That was a mistake. Went with a large party. Everyone's food, and I mean everyone's was over sauced. Not one person finished their meal. Most barely made a dent. We ALL agreed is was just not good.  So sad. Something locally owned would have been a much better addition to the neighborhood.
2	Just not good.  The few times I went I gazed longingly across the street at The Garage...where the food is actually good and I'm not pissed when the check comes to the table.
4	I really like this place!  The drinks are fabulous!  And most of the staff is outstanding.  I think its easy to find the 7's when you more often than not get level 10 servers!  I feel terrible I cant remember her name but Lynette? maybe? is amazing!  I adore and I have to say I so appreciate that EVERY female that works there always looks impeccable.  Great hair great make-up freshly pressed clothes great smiles!  Grooming is so huge in service and I feel like people miss that all the time.  Not these people!  All the food is great and you have to get the watermelon jalapeno  margarita!
3	Z'Tejas has been around forever, even before I started cooking 15 years ago. I remember being a punk high school kid and going to Scottsdale Fashion Square and actually smoking on their "patio" that was actually inside the mall.At that point in my life I had two favorite meals... the Tuscan Lemon Chicken from Hoolihans, and the Diablo Chicken Pasta from Z'Tejas.Sorry for being all introspective, but nearly ever time I try something from my childhood that I haven't had for a long time I end up disappointed. So here is my dilemma, is the quality gone south, or my taste buds "north"?Ug... I dunno, but this dish was a huge let down. I remember the cotija cheese having a nice pop and the pasta being cooked perfectly. This time the cheese was scant and the pasta was a mushy blob.My wife says I should know better. I used to think my mom's linguini was sent down by angels, now Ia make a Fettuccini Alfredo that Mario Battali would eat off of the floor if i dropped it.Its me I guess. Sometimes I wish I was a kid again.If you still love Olive Garden or can't wait to go back to Applebee's you will love this place. If you've moved on from your high school crushes and refined your taste buds, you may just want to head in for one of their superb margaritas and eat at one of the other fabulous restaurants in the area.
4	Zensational is Z'Tejas!  So glad one has opened up in Central Phoenix!  So the Chambord Margarita is my new favorite drink there for sure.  Sweet yet not over sour like other margaritas they serve.  Our server or servers were awesome and on the ball the entire evening.  The evening started with two of us then grew to four.  We ordered off of the happy hour appetizers menu which were really great deals for what you receive.  Loved the dumplings! They were filled with chicken and mini shrimps then seared on the bottom in a cast iron skillet.  We the pork tostados were probably the least favorite of the entrees we ordered.  The trio nachos was a good appetizer to being with. Overall , I had a great first experience at this location.  The only thing that really destroys the evening, is trying to find parking.  Other than that, this location is huge and looks like a great place with bigger groups!
3	Very friendly staff.  Nice ambiance.  But 5.50 for a beer?  Come on.  That's just ridiculous.  Won't be back.  It's not about money....it's about Principle, baby!
1	Brunch was very disappointing--like a bad expensive Denny's. Bloody Mary bar is outstanding and the building is nice, but the food was expensive and failed miserably to live up to the menu descriptions. It's surrounded by great brunch restaurants that don't disappoint--I won't return for weekend brunch.
5	This review is 4-1/2 stars.  Our server, Justin is AWESOME!!!!!  He made the visit a blast and a fellow server that chimed in here and there.  =)  Even the food runner had fun conversations with us.I was on the my way home, then I get a text.  HH?  On a Friday night, after being locked in a room for 9 hours to work a project.  HELL to the yes (borrowing from Glee).  I walked in and found L & M all happy from HH specials.  The table was 3/4 full of food and drinks.  I had to join in on ordering food....CATFISH BEIGNETS:  My favies!  Fried light and spices just right.CAST-IRON SKILLET DUMPLINGS:  chcken and shrimp filled, the skillet get the dumpling skin to have that pan fried crispiness.  FLAT TOP GRILLED QUESADILLA:  Quesadilla - Nothing specialCHILE PORK TOSTADAS:  These are yummy.  Each clumpy of yummy pork on their crispy tostadas. BLACKENED CATFISH TACOS:  It was more a roll than a taco.  It was ok.  NACHOS with Cheesy Something - ?  YUMMY!  Nachos and yummy melted cheese dip.
4	Opening Day and it was tasty and fun. Love the open windows and skylight dining area
5	I'm from Austin, Tx, so visiting the Z for brunch or dinner on a weekly basis is a must.  As a Longhorn, my only complaint is John is a Buckeye fan.  This place offers some delicious food and drink.  I highly recommend it.
2	This restaurant is beautiful. Hadn't been to Z Tejas in a while.  Food hasn't really improved.  I really like Mexican food, so this place doesn't cut it.
3	It's consistently pretty good.  It's chain food, and I am a little against big corporate restaurants as they are all pretty vanilla.  That said there is nothing run of the mill about their chambord margarita.
4	Service was friendly. food was good. went for lunch, it took them some time to bring it out, but thats fine, makes me feel they are spending some good time making it rightnegative: very scant draft beer selection...
1	Went there for an early after diamondbacks game dinner. Ugh, not a fan at all. Not only is it decorated completely ugly, they seemed very confused on what direction they were going with when they were decorating the place. The food was alright, nothing that wowed us. What made me give only 1 star was the incredibly horrible service.  Our server was barely at the table, completely forgot that we were having the Sunday preset menu, brought us the check way too early, but kept forgetting to bring a togo box, so when we'd see her more than 10 minutes later, she'd laugh about it, disappear for another 10 minutes, and come back without a box again, then laughed about it. I would have complained to a manager, but at that point we just wanted to go home. Needless to say we won't return, which is a shame since it's so close to home. DISLIKE
4	A weak start but a strong finish . . . . . . The wife and I spent the weekend in Arizona. While visiting some friends there, we made a special visit to Z'Tejas. This place was spoken of highly and came highly recommended. I was impressed from the start. Walking up to this joint, it looked nice and modern. The outer walls rolled up allowing plenty of fresh air in and an open environment. The dim lighting and unique oil paintings provided an elegant yet romantic energy. I liked it immediately. However, I gotta say, the mint colored  table clothes were hideous. But it was like the staff heard me say that to my wife because they changed them to white almost immediately. It took almost 10 minutes to get service. When I stood up and began looking for a server, she approached me and explained that her last table was a nightmare. She was awesome from there. Further more, she introduced herself (Chris) twice and was perfect from there on out. Personally, I like when servers offer suggestions or their favorites. Shows they care. The appetizer was retarded good! It was comprised of a spicy avocado and shrimp topping on a crispy cracker. The spicy avocado and smoked shrimp were battling for dominance. But together, they were a dream. I could have eaten 50 of them summa-bitches. My entree was even better. It was comprised of four pork tenderloin medallions stuffed with chorizo. I mean, really? Who thinks of this? It was like art!  Damn near belongs in a museum. To top it off, we had Kalua cheesecake. The cheesecake itself was fresh, moist, and otherwise perfectly executed. A Kalua based sauce was drizzled over the top of each slice. This slice could have gone toe-to-toe with The Cheescake Factory. Real Talk! Overall, I really liked this place. LikemBrooks and Dunn said, it just gets better all the time. Can't wait to go back!
1	It was a lunch time, and I was starving. Z'tejas seemed to be the only quick option around, so we parked our car and got a table. The overall design of the place was not bad. The service was not bad (fake). Now the food... The food was bad-from the presentation, to the consumption part, was just bad. I had the Pork "tender"loinThe meat looked like it had been sitting in the Atlantic for a few years. The onions rings were the best thing in the plate, and I use the word "best" very looselyMy mother had the mahi... She compared it to, "A dried out version of what could've been" Z'tejas need to stop trying to do 20 things and focus on one type of food.                             -Heisenberg
2	Terrible Zervice but great foodzz!   We sat at the bar, it was a slow night only 4 others were sitting at the bar.  Bartender ignored us!  He was cleaning.  Finally he took our order after about 10 minutes. We almost got up and left.     The food was delicious, we had the green chili pork stew with tortillas.  The food runner was great he saved the day, I wish I could remember his name to thank him, he attended to all of our requests for hot sauce and more tortillas. Usually my experiences at  Ztejas  are  great! The food is consistently good and the Mango Margaritas are wonderful. This location needs to step up to the great service we always have at  the location on  Tatum and at Scottsdale Fashion Square location. This new Ztejas is beautiful with a gorgeous patio and would be great this time of year to sit outside.  We may give them another chance.
1	Served us a raw turkey burger, and there was a cooking string imbedded in our stuffed pork tenderloin, we got an apology and a new cooked turkey burger 15 minutes later, and charged twice for the turkey burger but the took one of them off, how thoughtful... Terrible but the building is nice
4	Good Bloody Mary Bar and great Burgers.
4	I recommend the mango steak salad and the chambord margarita. I'm glad they came in to the area I no longer have to drive to the Tatum location.
3	This is a fairly predictable Tex-Mex chain style restaurant.  The food and drinks were average.  I wouldn't mind eating here, but definitely would not go out of my way for a meal here.
4	Hadn't been to Z'Tejas in years and only recently realized they'd opened a location in central Phoenix.  Came here with my Dad for dinner.  The weather was perfect outside so they actually opened up the big windows in the dining area which gave it a great open air feel.  The waitress was very friendly and was attentive throughout the evening.We started off with the cornbread.  Not the best I've had but very flaky and buttery.  For the dinner, I got the chicken mac and cheese.  The chicken had a little kick but wasn't as spicy as I expected.  The mac and cheese was excellent and the breadcrumbs complimented the dish nicely.  Simple, stick to your ribs goodness.  The mac and cheese dish was a little pricey at $15, but it was a pretty good portion of food that filled me up no problem.Will be interested to try out the rest of the menu at some point.  Food was decent and the building is a nice addition to what used to be an all but dead corner of 16th and Bethany.  Seems like most of the previous reviews appear to mirror my experience (though I didn't hate my food as much as some apparently did).  But for what its worth, I was satisfied with my first visit here.
4	So...I'm not usually one to frequent corporate restaurants....but I can't stay away from those dang frozen margaritas! If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't eat here half as much. I would give the menu 3 stars, but there are two great things on the menu. The chili pork verde and the diablo chicken pasta. Can't go wrong there...and the Tejas trio is great to snack on if you just want a small bite.
2	I dined at Z'Tejas last night (12/19/13) on Bethany Home Road. This was my third visit to this location. My prior visits were excellent, however, last night was not good. I will say the food was excellent but the service was not. My friend and I arrived at about 5:40pm. We were greeted promptly and we ordered our cocktails, appetizer and main courses all at the same time. Our drinks arrived and then our appetizer shortly after. Great we were happy. Literally 2 bites of the appetizer and our main courses arrived. I was shocked. When our waiter came over to see how we were doing I told him that I not thrilled that our main course arrived just about on top of the appetizer ( we ate the appetizer with our main course) the waiter laughed it off and said gee when you want the food in a hurry it doesn't come so go figure. Here is the best part of this ridiculous dinner: we arrived at 5:40pm and we were done eating by 6:15pm. How absurd is that? Think of the revenue the restaurant lost - I was ready to have 2-3 glasses of wine during my leisurely meal yet I had barely drank half of my glass of wine by the time I finished my meal. I should have complained to the manager but I was too irritated to do that. While I really like the food there I will hesitate to go back. That is a shame because my prior experiences were very good but last night their customer service was awful.
2	If you're in the mood for mediocre....this is it. My entree was pretty good, but everything else was at best, ok. If I could give 2.5 stars, I would, I'm a generous person.Go to Richardson's, Phoenix grill, otro or dick's hideaway. They are all far superior.
2	This place is crazy expensive for mediocre food! They have good drinks, cornbread and tortilla soup. That's it. My group of friends and I did not like our entrees. Chicken was overcooked and they smothered our pasta with this bland gravy-like sauce.Will not go back or recommend.
4	Great spot for Happy Hour. Skip the mediocre entrees and just sit at the nice bar and enjoy an appetizer and a drink.Happy Hour is until 7pm Mon-Fri and it gets busy. If you're lucky, snag a seat at the bar and order up a Chambord Margarita and some Guacamole and chips.
1	Although our waiter was very nice, he quoted the wrong special and I received the wrong meal.  My husband got his meal 15 minutes before I got mine and we were unable to dine together lest his food get cold.  And the seafood enchilada, which I ordered in lieu of the special, was not to my liking.  For all of the inconvenience, we were given a coupon for a free appetizer the next time we dine there.  Yeah, right, as though we would go back.  I will stick with Richardson's/Rokerij/Dick's Hideaway in the future if I want great Southwestern food.  Also, it was FREEZING inside.  I agree with other reviewers who said that the food is bland and swimming in icky sauces.
2	So glad I picked this place to spend my 31st B-day....NOT! The hostess acted like she didn't know what we were there for and our server, who in the 90 minutes we were there I think I saw twice, was not personable and seemed like he was in a hurry! Our drinks took FOREVER as did getting our check! However with all that negativity they still have the best margaritas and the food was fantastic! I'll be back, just not to this location!!!Alright I gave this place another try, 4 more try's to be exact and I STILL have nothing good to say about the staff:( food and drinks are keeping me going back!
5	Wow, can't believe how many negative reviews are on here, especially after the awesome experience we had!  We have always loved Z's and this latest location is no exception!They were packed for a Sat. early evening, and the servers were jumpin'. We were approached in the bar table immediately and our server was friendly, gracious, and prompt. Ordered a couple drinks, appetizers, all of which came out quickly and served hot.  I asked what certain apps. consisted of, and she explained in great detail how they were served.  She was spot on and the dishes were delicious.Maybe they read the past reviews and stepped up the service and food, because we had the experience we always have at Z's; excellent and delicious...or maybe we just aren't as particular or have extreme expectations as some readers have...
4	We were in last week for a birthday party in the bar area. Unfortunately, I had a pretty hefty sized lunch so I wasn't very hungry when I came in. I ordered the tortilla soup and it was fantastic, one of the ladies at our table thought it was a bit spicy, however, I didn't taste the spice at all. It had a wonderful flavor and the avocado was a great addition to the soup. They really made this new location look great. I loved the windows all the way around the restaurant until someone decided they needed to open them. It wasn't warm out, the temps were only in the 60's and it was windy so as soon as the windows opened everyone's napkins started flying around. Most folks appeared to be cold, when people start putting on sweaters/jackets while you're opening the windows, it might be a sign the windows don't need to be open. Because of this, I wouldn't be back unless it was warm out for fear of freezing to death.
1	Showed up with a group of people after kickball and hostess was very short and un-accommodating. After waiting at a dirty table and no service, we left.
1	Very rude would not serve a group of 20 poeple because the host did not want to move tables together and sit us.
4	Its tough, as a resident of this area, to support a corporate chain coming into the neighborhood, but Z Tejas is a welcome addition.  The bar area design is very cool, but the dining room decor is very lack luster - who sits in dining rooms anymore?  The service is always fantastic, even at peak times!
2	Had the breakfast enchiladas, very nice flavor with the red chili sauce and chicken. I subbed in the pan fried breakfast potatoes for the Black beans and yet I still got black beans. Ugh. So I flagged down one of the staff and told them and they promptly corrected the problem, or so I thought. The potatoes arrived ice cold!  So this time the server corrected the problem, or so I thought. She opted to bring me a soup cup of flaming hot potatoes because the cook decided to deep fry them!  I didn't feel like arguing anymore so I finished the enchiladas and called it a day. I don't like shortcuts and feel like they think they fooled me. You won't get the chance to fool me twice!
5	The food at Z'Tejas is just ok.  Except for the cornbread.  And the cobbler dessert. But this place gets a 5 star rating for the staff, the dining experience and the great service.  In a neighborhood filled with great places to eat, this Z'Tejas location should be in everyone's regular rotation!
5	I love Ztejas, I frequent the South Coast location a lot and decided to stop by while visiting family in AZ. I drove from the west side of town and was happy I didn't have to make the journey to Mill Ave or deal with Scottsdale Fashion square. The location is very open and quant. The middle of the dinning area has a glass ceiling and looked like it would be very nice for an event of some sort. The location also has sliding windows which is a nice concept until the family behind us asked to open them. I'm sure today was an average of 90 degrees so I had to suffer waves of hot air blowing at me. Luckily, we were getting ready to leave everyone their seemed very friendly and lie waitress was so enjoyable and very friendly. Our food came out fast and the difference I noticed from this location to the South Coast was the fact that they serve big portions. I always get the Mushroom enchiladas, they come with beans rice and mango salsa which goes perfect with the enchilada sauce. I couldn't even finish half and I was full. They offer happy hour, hours vary and it's totally worth it!!  They need to make more locations in North OC!!!
4	I am giving the 4 stars for space: fabulous bar area with lots of windows. I would give 3 stars or less for food. But it is to be expected at ztejas I suppose. Maybe the rating could be higher if they did something about their rice.
2	I love Z'Tejas, but just not this Z'Tejas. I've been to the one in Scottsdale several times, and I've had great experiences and great food every time. Here...unfortunately not. Came here with the boyfriend for happy hour, and ordered the Tejas Trio, Blackened Catfish Tacos, and Grilled Shrimp and Guacamole Tostada bites. 1. Tejas  Trio: The cheese, guacamole, and salsa were so good! Especially love the queso dip :) Would definitely order this again.2. Blackened Catfish Tacos: Ehh...wouldn't order it again. If it was free, I might eat it.3. Grilled Shrimp and Guacamole Tostada bites: Had this at another Z'Tejas location before, and it is good! Unfortunately...the order came out wrong, and we got something different. So the guy who brought the plate out apologized and took it back to get us the right order...honestly, at least 20 minutes went by....our waiter comes back and asks if we got our tostada bites......uh NO. So he goes and brings it right out. Yay right? NO. It was cold. My guess is that it's been ready and just sitting in the kitchen, and it got cold by the time it got to our table.And speaking of our waiter...all he did was take our order and filled our water every so often. He didn't ask us how our food was, didn't apologize for getting the order wrong, didn't ask if we wanted dessert, didn't ask us anything and then just gave us the check without saying thank you or have a great day. What?!!? Come on....first, we're nice people. Second...even the guy that brought us the food is nicer than our waiter. He filled our water, gave us more chips, apologized, and changed our order. Writing this brings up a bad memory. Never again! So instead of giving this place 3 stars...I have to go down to 2. :/Anyways, besides that, the cornbread is delicious!!! I would recommend going to another location though.
4	I'm torn on this review. We started out happy hour here which was awesome-one of the best in The Valley in my opinion. Their happy hour is FANTASTIC. Shrimp tostadas, queso fundido, catfish beignets, all $6-$8 and all amazing.  I'm not much of a margarita or tequila guy (BAD experience in high school with a big jug or market-brand tequila-took me years before I could drink tequila again) but their frozen margaritas KICK ASS. In fact, they kicked MY ass. I had either 2 and a half or three and a half-I can't remember but I was DONE after that. SHIT!!!!!So good food, good drinks, what could go wrong? Well we had an amazing server called Nicole who was FANTASTIC. She took great care of us and really was an all-around exceptional server. When she told us she was finishing her shift, we closed out with her to make it easier for whoever stepped in for her. And THAT is where the problem was. We were not looked after once Nicole finished. We had to ask three different employees several times for more drinks. No one seemed to know (or care) who was our server, so that was a very disappointing end to an otherwise great experience. So four stars for the first part of the visit, two stars for the latter part. Nicole makes up the additional star.Lacking service notwithstanding, how could you not come in for such great HH specials?
5	We ate here monday for lunch and I have to say we are fans and will definitely be back. The food was wonderful and the bartender Becca was very tentative. Our drinks were filled the whole time and our food was correct to my specifications. On top of that the food was fantastic! All around a great place.
2	This place needs to step it up, and keep the brand promise. The other night, we went there for a quick bite before going to a concert. The place was fairly empty, so we thought we would be able to get in-and-out fairly quickly. Nope. The service was SLOW, inattentive, and apathetic. I had the chicken tortilla soup and it was luke warm, with the consistency and taste of repurposed gravy rather than a fresh, chunky and authentic tortilla soup. My fiance had their Diablo Pasta, supposedly one of their signature dishes. The portion was small and no diablo, as it was not as spicy as it had claimed to be. No bueno. I guess this location is more interested in being a happy hour bar rather than a restaurant that consistently puts out good food, good service and a good dining vibe. There are too many great restaurants out there for mediocrity. You can't live on the chambord margarita legend forever!
1	Took over 20mins to just get our drinks. The steak in my burrito came out ice cold then took 20mins to get right.  Never even got my refill on my drink. Never going back
2	I'm very disappointed with this visit. Their happy hour is great but the dinner was not. I ordered the Santa Fe chicken enchiladas. The chicken was very dry and and the flavor was just ok. Not much else to say...
2	This is for the Z Tejas on Bethany Home Rd and 16th street in Phoenix. Waiter was rude, glasses, red hair and goatee. We tried to ask questions about the menu and he was acting annoyed and a little pompous. My girlfriend asked for an appetizer after we told him our drink order. He said "ok" turned around and walked off before we could say anything else. He was acting annoyed and irritated.  He came back and put our drinks down, we said thank you, he curtly said "You're welcome" and walked off before we could say anything. 10 minutes later he walked by our table with a dirty plate and my GF had to say "Excuse me" three times to get him to stop. My GF asked about the size of the quasadilla we ordered, he said "It is four slices. You will see it when comes out" and walked off. Apparently this guy likes things to go in the order he wants and if you mess with the order of things he feels he us being bossed around or put out. OCD and rude. We walked out and won't be back. Hope he enjoyed our quasadilla.
1	Let me start by saying that I usually love Z Tejas. I have been to other locations, and I've always enjoyed myself, had great service, and great food. First, the parking at this location is a nightmare. Especially during happy hour.  Very crowded, and we had to circle for 10 minutes to find a spot. Second, our friend looked up this location on the internet before we went to see if they had vegan food options, which it said it did. When we arrived, we discovered that they no longer offered vegan options. So she couldn't eat.Third, we ordered a table full of appetizers to share. We sat at the table for 30 minutes before we stopped the waitress and asked her to bring cornbread.  Normally they bring that automatically - we were shocked that we had to ask for it. It took another 15 to 20 minutes (for a total of 45 to 50 minutes) to receive our food.  My husband's dish was lukewarm at best and had literally no flavor to it. He had ordered Green Chile Barbacoa enchiladas, and they were terrible.  The rest of the food was just okay. The guacamole that came in my Z Tejas trio had no flavor of any kind. Our waitress was a bit of a space cadet.  We asked for a glass of water and 10 minutes later had to remind her to bring it. She did take $15 off of our bill to make up for the slow service, but that simply wasn't enough. We will not be returning to this location.
4	I don't care what day or what meal, the food is always great. All locations have their own unique vibe, but food is always good. Service too. You will always find a smile and great service from start to finish. Love the place and will keep coming.Margaritas are super dangerous and damn good. Try them all.....you will not be disappointed.
5	So happy they opened a  Central Phoenix location. We visit 2-3 times a month. We make it a point to go for Lunch when Josh is working the bar. He is amazing!!!! He always remembers us, and makes sure that we are well taken care of.   It does not matter how slow or busy the bar is, he is always right on point.  If you have never been, the dumpling are a must have.
5	I participate in a group that meets here weekly and the service and food have been outstanding EVERY TIME. The staff are always friendly and greet everyone with a smile, and they seem to go out of their way to make the experience of dining there special.  The food is always great!  My personal favorites are the Green Chile Pork Stew and the Mango Chile Steak Salad. The margaritas are great (even the Skinny). I highly recommend their happy hour - margs are $5 and the Green Chile Stew is $6, and of course there's always plenty of fresh, hot cornbread and butter!
5	Z'Tejas got back to me and was apologetic, I wasn't really expecting a response but it shows they care about customer service. P.S. Thanks for the confirmation Craig H. AKA Rude waiter.Definition of "Goatee":  early 19th century: so named because of its resemblance to the tuft on a goat's chin.
5	This review is for Margaritas only - by far some of the best I've ever tasted!  The food on the other hand ... go someplace else for that unless you're only gong for drinks and bar eats. Dinner .... I'll totally pass on!  I, along with the 3 ppl I bought here enjoyed the appetizers wayyyyyyyyyyy more than the entrees!
5	First of all, the ambiance can be the sole reason why anyone should visit.  The food was tasty all around and our server was both helpful and thoughtful.  It wasn't packed for a Thursday evening.  We made it there an hour before HH ended and we were quite happy with our margaritas.  Surprisingly, I didn't break into a sweat trying to find parking.  It was a real chill night.  So, go there!
5	You can't go wrong with this place! Everything we had was delicious, from the tejas trio (salsa, guac & queso), to margaritas. We had the barbacoa enchiladas and the diablo pasta and added shrimp. I couldn't stop eating my pasta! They also give every table home made skillet cornbread with what seemed to be fresh butter. Completely obsessed with that. I wish we lived here do we could enjoy this place more often!
4	Excellent food however service was not very good. The manager (Steve) came over and rectified the situation beautifully. The cowboy meatloaf and pecan crusted chicken salad were amazing and so is the cornbread. I will definitely eat there again!
5	Our company had an event at this location today, I was pleasantly surprised, really enjoyed the food, it was fresh, yummy & properly cooked, two thumbs up.
2	Met a friend there for Christmas as we had a gift card.  Glad we had it because the food wasn't worth the prices by a LONG shot.  Nothing met our expectations.  The chicken fajitas were merely a stock chicken breast sliced up on a bed of greasy grilled onions and peppers with way too much garlic on top.  The beans were tepid and should not have been served, the coffee was certainly not premium and seemed to be cheap restaurant blend coffee.  My wife was disappointed as all of her food was too spicy with nothing available to relieve the heat (and she enjoys hot food!) Our friend had the gelatinous soup discussed in earlier posts.  Sorry to say this restaurant is occupying prime space in my neighborhood that could be occupied my a much better restaurant.  Won't go back.
5	Excellent customer service! Seated right away, the staff was very friendly. She brought the cornbread with mouth watering honey butter that just melted in your mouth. I had the steak salad AMAZING!  My mom had the chicken quesadilla appetizer it was happy hour, but she couldn't finish it. It's a meal. Wonderful place my mom can't wait to go back. Me too.
