5	Quite possibly the most exquisite gastronomical delight you will ever partake in.   My wife and I went here for our anniversary, and it was our best.  I highly recommend you call ahead and be very clear if you are planning on dining to celebrate a special occassion (particularly one that has to do with romance).  I did, and I'm glad of it.This place is the cat's meow.  I highly recommend the duck.The staff actually took it upon themselves to wish us a happy anniversary (and actually wrote it on our dessert plates!), and even took (and gave us) a souvenir picture to remember the evening.  Ambience and service is amazing.
5	One of the top 5 places I have ever been to for dinner, hands down.  One word to describe this place: lovely.  The outdoor seating area with a heated brick patio is a dream on a brisk desert night.  I could go on and on and on about this place but all I will say is that you must go if you are in AZ and looking for an evening that is simply divine.
5	This restaurant knows exactly how to make your tastebuds dance.  The food was top notch and the service, impeccible.  The duck and foie gras...to die for.  Our server was so great and offered the perfect suggestions.  We had polished off our bottle of wine before dessert and I hesitantly declined an after dinner drink.  The waiter must of sensed this because upon my return from the ladies room to our table my husband informed me that our server brought me a complimenary drink.  The ambience was romantic and I hope to return soon.
5	Excellent service from a New Jersey born bartender.  Jason has been manning the bar at T Cooks for seven + years and certainly knows his clientele.  Locals and hotel guests fill the lobby on a nightly basis and the live piano playing is icing on the cake.  An even better treat than the live piano is the creme brulee cheesecake topped off with an espresso martini.  However, start your night off with a glass of wine and any appetizer from the shrimp sliders to the foie gras.  The fresh bread and pesto sauce is delicious, but don't fill up on it... save room for your choice of paella, scallops, filet, or duck - you can't go wrong.  Even the $14 bleu cheese mushroom burger melts in your mouth.The resort itself is a secret 9 acre gem hidden in the heart of Phoenix.  The unique old world architecture and lush grounds are the most romantic in the city... what other resort do you know that has a 'Director of Romance' on staff?Check it out... you will not be disappointed.
5	I have been here too many times to count.  My family and I come here for every special occasion... graduation, Christmas, birthdays.  The food is excellent and the service is always superb.   What I love about the Royal Palms and T Cooks is the outdoor seating areas.  In the winter time it is great because they have these nooks with fireplaces and seating so you can have drinks by the fire.
3	I really wanted to love this place. It came highly recommended by Yelpers and a personal friend who used to live nearby, so we were excited to check it out. Set in the Royal Palms, you walk through a lovely garden to get to the restaurant. It was raining the day we went, so we coudln't sit outside, but I'm sure it's beautiful.We started with a couple glasses of wine, and the charcuterie plate. My bf loves cured meats, and we often order a similar appetizer at one of our favorite restaurants close to home. So we were terribly disappointed to be served a plate with only a couple slices of maybe 4 different meats, a small slice of pate, sliced pickles, a bit of mustard. That's it? For $13? The bread was served with some delicious pesto, but quite a bit of it, considering there were only 2 of us.For entrees, bf ordered the seared scallops, and I had the short rib. His tasted fine to me, but I only had 1 bite. Halfway through the meal, he thought it smelled like BO, and couldn't finish it. Mine was ok, really nothing to write home about. Maybe we didn't order the right things, but we just were not impressed.Service was great all the way through, thus the 3 stars. For me, the food wasn't bad, but nothing spectacular, as it should have been for the prices. Not sure what I was missing, but I just couldn't say this was a great experience.
2	Before you freak out at the 2 star rating, let me explain myself.  My scale usually goes like this - 3 stars is average (duh), a place I wouldn't necessarily put effort into going to but I wouldn't be totally disappointed if somehow I wound up there.  2 stars would be somewhere I likely wouldn't return and wouldn't recommend to others.  For what T Cooks is trying to be, it is not worth a return trip for me.  Not that the food, decor, service, or anything was that terrible, but for the price there are far better fine dining establishments.  There is absolutely no reason to choose T Cooks or allow others to choose it.  Ok - so this review is based solely on my experience at the wine bar/lounge area and not the actual restaurant.  I was meeting a group of friends here for a cozy cocktail before we all took off to our various locations of origin for the holidays.  On a Tuesday night at 7, the lounge area was PACKED.  I couldn't believe it.  I arrived with my husband and there was only one other person from our party at the bar.  So I scouted the place out and swooped in like a hawk when I saw a party vacate a nice plush couch in the back corner.   The decor is very cozy - wood fireplaces going, low lighting, oak tables, plush couches, beautiful patio - very Spanish villa.  But I guess that this place used to be a Spanish-villa influenced private estate, so no surprise there.  So after being seated, we waited for a server.  And waited.  We noticed only one server in the entire lounge, and people were literally lining up to talk to her, either to get her attention or to simply put in orders.  It turned out she was the only server for the whole lounge!  That's not her fault, but that is definitely some poor management right there.  We ordered some food off the lounge menu and some drinks and proceeded to enjoy ourselves with our friends over the course of the next 3 hours.  I started with the Pinot Grigio and my husband had the 007 martini (or the James Bond martini?  something like that).  Both were good.  For food, we selected the calamari in aioli, the charcuterie plate, and the tenderloin burger.  The calamari was interesting to say the least - the aioli was very watery and almost mayo-y, kind of like cole slaw.  Um, ok?  The tenderloin burger was very plain.  The boursin cheese was creative but it didn't do much to help.  The applewood smoked bacon could best be described as stale - it was extremely brittle, almost hurt to bite into.  It wasn't even that it was "crispy" because even when bacon is properly prepared crispy it's still a little chewy.  The charcuterie plate never came. Over the 3 hours, the crowd died down and we were able to enjoy a little more relaxing atmosphere.  But the service never improved.  Rarely did the server return to our table to check on us.  One of our friends ordered a tenderloin burger much later in the night, and it took almost 45 minutes to get to him.  After our first drinks, I ordered the Sauvingon Blanc and my husband the Russian Valley Pinot Noir.  The SB tasted like pickle juice and my husband exclaimed that it was potentially the worst PN he had ever had.     At the end of the night we got the check.  $117.  For a mediocre burger, strangely prepared calamari, a cocktail, a beer, and 4 glasses of wine between my husband and I (two of which were terrible). Not worth it. Worse, out of curiosity I took a look at the regular restaurant menu.  3 entrees with mushrooms (I hate mushrooms), 1 with duck (to which I'm allergic), and 2 were seafood (based on the calamari, I wouldn't go for the seafood).   So there is absolutely nothing here I would eat.  No reason to return, whatsoever.
3	We were staying at the Royal Palms for a couple of days and everyday we would have breakfast at T Cooks. It was delicious. Most memorable the frittata with artichokes and sundried tomates. Dinner wasn't so great - I wouldn't recommend. The dishes were too strongly flavored for the ingredients. I had a mushroom soup that I couldn't finish - it was way to intense.  Also had a monkfish wrapped with bacon which is normally a great combo but I'm not sure what oil they fry with or what amount they used, the dish was over powered and the freshness of the ingredients were lost.
5	Normally, I would reserve 5 starts for something that I had been back to, but I'm not sure when I'll be back in Phoenix and the meal we had was really stellar.Courteous staff, relaxed for a formal place, and all of the food was delicious.
2	This place is way too expensive for the mediocre food served to you.  It's not bad, but certainly not worth the price or the hype.  T cooks needs to take cooking lessons, and an introductory course in pricing strategy at a respectable business school.  If you're going to push a premium price, it better be a premium product.
4	T. Cooks is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale, and I don't know if it's because it's part of one of the nicest hotels there or what. I like the atmosphere and attentiveness of the wait staff, and I could drink by the gallon that pesto sauce thing they give you for the bread. I had the best gnocchi in the world there, but since their menu changes all the time, it's a crap shoot whether or not I'll ever have that again. I like it because since I'm so not into dressing up for dinner unless I have a super hot date, it's okay to go somewhat biz casual. The strawberry salad is good, and I can't even remember what I had for dessert, but whatever it was, it was delicious. People have complaints about the prices, but I say have business meetings there!
3	So this was my first stop on my trip to Phoenix.  After muchos yelpers recommendations and reading some of the decent reviews I decided to bring my group to this place.  The Royal Palms is a gorgeous resort and the building and restaurant are very beautiful.  I called the day of to get a reservation for 6 and to my delight there was no prob getting  one.  Some of the people in my party were not used to such fine dining, but since they were with a professional I told them not to worry.  Plus the menu really didn't scream out anything to crazy.  We were seated in the center of the dining room under neath this giant metal sculpture.  It took about 10 minutes for our waiter to finally approach us , but after that he was attentive and pleasant for most the meal.  I was really excited to enlighten some of the people I was with about dining like this.  Although I did not believe the food to be up to what some people on here have claimed.  I found the food to be very bland, uninspired, and boring.  I felt bad because I felt I was cheating the people I was with out of a great first fine dining experience.  This place was seriously nothing special.  The service really saved a bad meal.  Now the desserts.  I had heard of the pastry chef before and was excited to see what he had to offer.  We ordered every dessert on his menu besides the cheese tasting.  I don't know about y'all but I am sick of seeing creme brulee on menus!!!  When I saw that he had CB on the menu I was already disappointed.  Creme Brulee is such a cop out!  I will say that the dessert plate ups were nice.  He did a lot of sugar work and interesting tuille cookie shapes.  Overall I wish I could give this place a 2.5 for their service only.  Way overrated according to the reviewers and a little out dated.....
5	One of the most impressive spots in town. Lunch here is a luxury experience - the grounds are amazingly beautiful, and the menu surprisingly affordable. Try this for an inexpensive way to really impress a business client.For dinner they will take your shorts, though it is certainly worth it if you desire a truly memorable, elegant evening. Life is too short - try this restaurant soon!I have yet to stay here (Royal Palms hotel) - but it is definitely on my list of 1001 things to do before I expire.
5	I've been for an anniversary and for a rare "all the sisters are together" dinner - and both times the cost was utterly ridiculous, and I didn't regret a single penny. My recommendation is to recognize that the menu shifts in order to offer seasonal selections; and call ahead to find out what's on the chef's tasting menu.   Get that, and if you don't like the sound of what's on it, wait a couple months and call back.   Everything we've ever had here has been perfectly prepared, professionally presented in appropriate time frames, and utterly delicious.    The tasting menu consistently offers a variety of tastes so that it's difficult to be at all disappointed. It's not someplace I would *ever* consider not planning for; it's a lot of money and it's not just dinner; it's a commitment to an evening where you just concentrate on the food and the company you keep.
5	As a rule, I avoid hotel restaurants.  However, I am pleased to break my rule for T. Cook's at the Royal Palms Resort.  Look no further than T. Cook's for the best place in Phoenix for a romantic dinner with your sweetie.  This place is tops in terms of atmosphere.  The grounds of the Royal Palms Resort are impeccable and the whole place has the vibe of a genteel estate you wish was handed down from generation to generation in your own family.  This place oozes Old World/Spanish Colonial charm in a good way.Arrive a few minutes early and stroll the grounds before your dinner.  Check out the courtyard and the reflecting pool.  It's amazing to think that before this place underwent a multi-million dollar renovation, there was a pink heart-shaped pool on the grounds.  The kitsch is gone and this grand dame has been returned to her 1920s grace.  Given the spectacular setting, T. Cook's doesn't have to be as good as it is.  The BF and I have enjoyed several fine meals at this restaurant.  The decor of the restaurant is lovely, of course.  Check out the palm tree that grows up through the roof.  The room features colonial Spanish architecture, a vaulted ceiling and ubiquitous Old World elegance.  The service is also graceful and relaxed.   As for the food, the real surprise is the seafood is at T. Cook's.  In fact, the very best seafood I have eaten in Phoenix has been at T. Cook's.  I am always a sucker for lobster bisque and the version at T. Cook's is top notch.  It's lush and silky and every bit as indulgent as lobster bisque should be.  The scallops are also outstanding and perfectly prepared.  I'm not one to order fish as my entree very often, but the BF and I have done that at T. Cook's with wonderful results.  Try the seafood here, it's truly spectacular.T. Cook's is very proud of its fire-roasted specialties and the fireplace is gorgeous and really adds to the atmosphere.  One time our waiter suggested we try the Mediterranean paella with the optional  lobster tail and claw.  This was the one main dish we would not order again.  The paella tasted like it sat around partially cooked and then they just warmed it over the fire when we ordered it.  I'd never order this dish again, but I would not let this stand in my way of coming back to T. Cook's, either.One time we tried the Cream Cheese Brulee because it's T. Cook's signature dessert.  It's a caramel cheesecake and vanilla creme brulee served with fresh berries and guava sauce.  Unfortunately, it was sickly, sickly sweet.  I'm not a huge fan of creme brulee in general and this one didn't alter my opinion.  However, other desserts were much better.Stop by the Lounge at T. Cook's for an after-dinner aperitif.  The atmosphere is very cozy and this place is hopping many nights.T. Cook's also has the Delos Room for private dining.  This would be a fabulous place for an intimate dinner with up to 12 friends.  What a great place for a milestone birthday or anniversary celebration.
5	I have been frequenting T'cooks bar for 6 years now.  The core of the staff has remained the same, which is quite uncommon in the food and beverage world.  There is a bartender / bar manager / all around good guy, by the name of Jason, that u must ask for....don't tell him I sent ya ;-)  Jeremy and Eric back him up on busy evenings and his nights off.  The food at this joint is at first glance small portions but I assure you, hungry will not be in your vocab upon completion of any entree.  My favorite, and it is back on the menu, is the lobster tortilini.  It is not cheap but it is so friggin' worth it!  paired with a nice white wine or if you've got some more hair on yur b@!!s than I do, maybe something stronger.  They've got every brand and make of gasoline you could ever hope for.  When finished be sure to have some cream cheese brulee with an espresso martini.  Talk about a little jolt of a libation...this will get your eyes poppin' for sure...T'Cooks is the top notch eating outlet in the Royal Palms Resort.  And if you have not already heard about the architecture and landscaping on the resorts 9 acres...be sure to take a little stroll.If your with a date, this place is a sure fire closer!  If you can't close here...just go home and stop dating altogether.
4	Took my boyfriend and family here for Sunday brunchAmbiance of the place is impressiveBrunch consists of a menu and a buffetThe buffet is on the smaller side, but the quality of the items present were very goodA few items available on the buffet were:SconesPain du chocolatSome sort of egg fritatta with veggiesKing crab legs and clawsShrimpiesSeafood gazpacho martinisCheesesSmoked salmonDifferent pasta saladsThen they had a dessert spread which was very impressive (alas, almost every item contained nuts, which I'm allergice too :(  )We all ordered items off of the menu, then piled the buffet on top of thatSo we had a LOT of foodIt was all very, very, very good.I gauge all buffets on the Bellagio buffet.  So, on my Bellagio buffet rating system, this place gets 4 stars!(Bellagio is the only one that holds the 5 star rating in my meager mind)Ta da!Go there for brunch!
4	T. Cook's is like a cute little oasis haven in the desert.  Well, duh... I guess oasis's are only in deserts.  Or are they?  Well, whatever... this place is really cute.  This is actually a resort/hotel.  The outdoor area includes a little wishing pool/fountain, little nooks where one can rest in the shade and enjoy the view.  Love the flowers.  Yes, I took pictures, like the damn tourist I was.  The restaurant is really cute.  We came on a Sunday, so they have brunch.  I had the blueberry pancakes, which were very good.  The whipped cream on top was heavenly- so fresh and I could tell, freshly made.  My girlfriend had the lemon brioche french toast with a side of chicken sausage.  That was also very good.  The bellini's were standard, but the bloody mary's, delicious.  I was never a bloody mary girl, until my sister got me started... and now, I finally get it.  This was the right combination of tart, spicy, sweet, and vodka!  My mouth is watering right now.  Damn it.  The clientele here was 1. older 2. women.  A cute place to go with your family.  Also a cute place to go with the girls for lunch.  There's a little smoking room to the side, where (I think) you can smoke cigars.  Love that.  I also think this place would be great for a wedding reception, rehearsal dinner, or party.
4	We had a really good meal here on a random Tuesday night. We opted for the prix fixe menu and were very pleased. Warm, delicious bread was immediately served.  Started with Mussels, Pear and Gorgonzola salad and pate. The Mussels and Salad were excellent. The pate was a little disappointing. Chewy and not very tasty. It was country style.  Our entrees were all excellent. Salmon, Short ribs and steak.  The Salmon had this awesome crispy skin, delicious blue cheese potatoes. Steak was excellent. Short ribs had a cumin citrus sauce that was so good. The meat was falling off the bones. It was served over risotto that was a tad salty but very good.We got three desserts. The warm chocolate cake was a little standard but the raspberry mint sorbet was a true winner and I don't even love sorbet.  Creme brulee cheesecake was heavenly.Service was great. We highly recommend sitting out on the patio. It's like a little oasis.
3	T Cook's used to be our "old faithful" when we had someone in from out of town and wanted to show them that Phoenix wasn't just about golf, corporate resorts and chain restaurants. The Royal Palms is still our go-to recommendation for visitors with a hefty budget. T Cooks, not so much.4-7 years ago, it was a 5-star review in my book. Although T Cook's is still usually a good meal, it's not a great meal, especially for the price. The menu has stopped going anywhere and the execution is spotty. On last visit, my ravioli appetizer even came out sans sauce on accident. And when you have things like Paella from a wood-fired oven on the menu, you'd expect them to taste inspired and authentic, but I'm usually let down. Their pesto and bread is still out of this world though. A meal in itself.My wife and I got engaged at the Royal Palms. For awhile, we made T Cook's our anniversary dinner. So we'll keep going back to TRP for the fireplaces and cocktails, but I think we'll hold off on T Cook's until we hear that things have changed for the better.
4	I hadn't been to TCooks for a while because I hadn't been to PHX, but it was always one of my favorite places to eat in the area and I'm happy to report that I still feel the same.  The grounds are beautiful, the bar area is warm and inviting and the food is delicous.  I recommend sitting outside and highly recommend getting the lobster tortellini with lobster on top - a little rich (I'd like it better without the butter sauce I think), but just delectable.  They have a wonderful wine list too - extensive and not outrageously priced.    It will continue to be on my list of must visits when I'm in PHX!
3	Got together with some friends for sunday brunch..was such a beautiful day decided to be seated outside in the patio area.  The only gripe I have about our visit was our server.  While he was friendly, he was not very prompt in bringing out our drinks and taking our orders.  It was a good thing we were enjoying each other's company or that would of made it worse.  Most of us at the table ordered their eggs benedict which was very good.  Small homemade biscuits with a pesto sauce on it and the hollandaise had a tomato and red pepper flavor.. yum!  It also came with some roasted potatoes.. That dish was only 11.50 and for the place and was inexpensive.
3	"Food and ambience was great, but staff completely misinformed us about the price of the buffet; it was Way pricier than i thought...bad service"
5	Seeing that my last review was in August 2007, it's time for an update.  I've been back to the T. Cooks bar/lounge at the Royal Palms more times than I can count on my hands.  I even had a surprise party for my fiance there a while back...Keep in mind that every single time I've been there, I've eaten and/or drank in the bar - not in the restaurant... it's always fun and entertaining, and Jason, Jeremy, and Salso take great care of us.  T. Cooks recently changed their menu, and wow... I had an amazing entree last night of beef short rib served with a carrot risotto cake.  The beef was fall off the bone amazing and I finished off my meal with very little help from an eager fiance.  I did also enjoyed a bite of his lobster ravioli... buttery and just the right texture, it melted in my mouth as well.Great wine, food, and ambiance - you cannot go wrong at T Cooks / Royal Palms!
4	Jared M (who some of you may know by Gabi K's fiance): I've gotta take you to my favorite restaurant tonight at The Royal Palms Resort. They have this amazing $50 tortellini dealMe: $50 for tortellini? That is so not a deal!I later found out that the tortellini is stuffed with lobster AND the $50 includes an appetizer and dessert...so I guess it is a deal!  Jared and Gabi apparently come here often because they knew all the bartenders by name. We made ourselves at home at the bar and got ready for my 20th meal in Phoenix...and I had only been in town for 2 days at this point.  And this would be why I went on weightwatchers the second I returned to chicago.While I was tempted to try this "tortellini deal" I decided to go with the scallops instead, which came with shrimp mac and cheese. Shrimp! Mac & cheese! My 2 favorites...lovely combo!! No appetizer for me, but I did a pretty good job of eating the loaf of bread they put in front of us.   Jared was nice enough to share a bite of his crabcake with me...delicious!I ate up all my mac & cheese first (of course) and then it was time for the scallops.  By this point I was pretty full, but they were too good not to eat so managed to eat 2 of the 3 perfectly cooked scallops.  And then I also managed to make room for creme brulee cheesecake for dessert...mmmmm. This is so worth breaking any diet for.All this delicious food while enjoying the lovely tunes coming from the piano next to the bar.  I can see why Gabi and Jared are regulars!
5	T. Cook's is my favorite restaurant in AZ thus far. I really enjoy the spanish colonial architecture, gardens, water fountains, patio, and charming walk-ways and courtyard. The ambiance is extremely romantic and puts me in a calming, reflective mood. I can seriously see myself getting married @ the Royal Palms. I've read some of the reviews and I've always had great service here. I remembered one of my dates had asked for a romantic corner to seat at and not only did they give us a romantic corner, but the hostess came with a basket of fresh rose petals and placed them all over our table. My date must have seriously thought he was going to get laid that night by just that gesture alone, but was mistaken, lol. Anyways, I love the lobster bisque-not too salty and just creamy enough. I've enjoyed the Asian pear salad, too which is flavorful and has great texture. But if you're looking for one appetizer to try, definitely get the sauteed shrimp & calamari in an organic yellow tomato sauce Fra Diablo. My mouth just started watering. It's not breaded calamari so it's healthier and also tastes better (5 stars).As for the main course:-Pan roasted duck breast with spiced confit pave, sage gnocchi & roasted butternut squash is 3 stars. I'm not much of a duck person, but the roasted butternut squash was to die for and the duck was tender.-Wood roasted "Pulet Rouge" checkan with a rosemary polenta cake, asparagus and Swiss chard is 4 stars. Any meat prepared wood roasted gives it a twist in flavor, which I appreciate. I usually ask for asparagus steamed so I'm not sure how the Swiss chard is (gotta watch my figure).-I've tried their fish (they change their menus from time to time), nibbled on my date's plates and everything has been really good.I want to try one of their pasta dishes next time when I'm not dieting. The bar area is also super sexy, sleek and mysterious. They usually have a live piano player at night. I seriously could come here weekly for just the calamari and architecture-it's like you're in another world besides the AZ desert. It's become my escape to mini paradise.
4	The feel of this place is so luxurious, it's sooo serene.It is very popular on Saturday afternoon, as we made reservations...but then had to wait 30 minutes...After the 30 minutes, it took them 15 minutes to come to our table and ask us what we wanted(only after my brother told them we had not been waited on) HOWEVER...our drinks were compted and we were treated very well after that.The menu was great, everything was an art piece, but not pretentious. Plus, they had $6 wines.The salmon salad was fantastic and the portions were all very large, especially the burgers and the club sandwich.Obviously, it was not the restaurant's fault that they were busy(a very good thing) and they took the necessary actions to make it up to us.Very good restaurant all around. Also good people watching for out of towners :)
5	T. Cook's continues to be my go-to spot... with or without my fiance.  It's like my home away from home.  I feel comfortable going in for a drink or a bite to eat any night of the week.  Let me be clear about one thing, however - I always sit at the bar!In addition to the regular menu items, the burger at T. Cooks is consistently amazing. This sizable delight is carnivore candy for the soul. Ten ounces of tenderloin burger with white cheddar cheese, bacon and Guiness tempura onion rings on a ciabatta bun with a grain mustard aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.Anyone up for a burger?
5	Visited T. Cook's on the 4th of July for the first time.  Had lived in PHX/Scottsdale for 2 + yrs and return for visits a few times a year.  What a great spot!  By far the best service, atmosphere and food I've had in Phoenix (outside of Lon's at the Hermosa) in quite some time.  Excellent wine selection.  The specials offered something traditional but also creative.  Recommend the pate appetizer and squash soup for a start.  I ate a filet mignon cooked perfectly but I know their paella is also acclaimed.  Decor is intimate, inviting and not stuffy/overdone.
5	T. Cook's is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.  I've lived in SF, NYC, and LA, which is where I am from and currently reside.  I haven't had much luck in LA in terms of finding really good "Western" food.  I love LA for its ethnic food. I've eaten at T. Cook's three times now since I'm staying at the Royal Palms Resort.  Tonight's dinner was OUTSTANDING.  I ordered the sea scallops with shrimp mac & cheese.  It was so good.  Even the accompaniments were delicious - the spinach and the corn kernels.  The corn kernels tasted like they were first soaked in vinegar so it was a nice surprise and really complemented the dish.  For dessert, I had the Napoleon.  It was so delicate.  The crisp was so thin on top of a chocolate mousse.  I loved it.My mom had the I'm definitely coming back next time I'm in town.
5	This was a special night out as we would normally not be able to afford T. Cook's, however the three courses for $40 was a great deal for us and as long as we are able to take advantage of this special pricing we will be back. The ambiance was wonderful. I had the calamari and shrimp first course, which was delicious.She had the red onion and rosemary soup with havarti cheese, which was also deliciousWe both went with the lobster toretllini which was really tasty and had lots of lobster but some the lobster pieces were a little bit chewy. The tortellini was delicious as was the lettuce that came with it. Desert was outstanding. We shared the chocolate fantasy - very very rich chocolate that when combined with the  vanila gelato and cherries was a great combination.The caramel cheesecake creme brulee was also fantastic. It was much lighter than the chocolate fantasy, which was very dense. The wine suggestions of our waiter went great with the meal. Service was oustanding - they were very attentive and friendly - We never felt rushed and didn't have to ask for anything. As I mentioned above as long as we can take advantage of the 3 courses for $40 we will back again. There is so much more of the menu we want to try.
4	Good place for a very nice dinner.  We went for an anniversary and they really impressed us!  Guys, make sure they know it is your anniversary when you make the reservation.
5	I met a friend for here for cocktails a couple of weeks ago.When I got home and answered the query "where did you go for drinks?", I was reminded by the Beautiful Carin just exactly how long it had been since we had been to T Cook's for dinner...apparently a very long time:(Because, while I did remember having dinner there, I couldn't have told you the year or the time of year...luckily, I have the Beautiful Carin to remember these things for me:)You know, I don't why we haven't made it back to T Cook's a little more often!T Cook's is one of those rare places that can genuinely say "everything is good" when you ask for their recommendations:)Maybe it's just me, but the atmosphere, ambiance, service and food combine in subtle (but effective) ways to create a meal experience that you really don't find very often...T Cook's is a jewel:)I have heard that they went through a bit of rough patch, service and consistency-wise, but if our dinner last week is an indicator, they have solved any problems that they might have had:)I was lucky enough to miss any rough spots...3 years between visits will do that for you:)We had a 7:30 reservation, and by 7:38 we were drinking perfectly made, ice cold Ketel One martinis at the table, and enjoying our conversation (Carin is one of the most delightful conversationalists you could ever hope to meet...she still keeps me entertained and enchanted...we still have so much to talk about after all this time:)Onion soup, Lobster Bisque and pate started our meal (and could have completed it...it was so good...fortunately, I'm a big eater:)Carin had Poulet Rouge (Red Chicken? Seriously, the menu nomenclature people need to re-think that one...When I think of red chicken, I think of salmonella, but that's not what they mean:) I know, I know... they mean the chicken is red with pecan wood smoke, and it is and it's a terrific dish, but still...the name:)I had braised short ribs...perfectly done with a marvelous horseradish infused risotto cake:)...Inspired:)They also have some very pleasant and tasty sides:)We had brussel sprouts (that were nearly as good as the sprouts I make at home:)...and potato puree...and seared Foie Gras...decadent and wonderful:)I tried to get Carin to have the foie gras with me, but we differ in our opinions about foie gras, and so, I had to take the bullet and eat it all myself:)...That should make my cardiologist buddies happy:)Time really can stand still when you're having an evening like this...by the time we finished our shared Chocolate Napoleon and coffee, it was 10:30 and way past our bed time:)But such a pleasant evening...never any rush from the servers, never a wait for the next course...everything perfectly timed, completely unobtrusive (no, our conversation was never interrupted to inquire "do you love everything?":)It was worth staying up late for an evening as pleasant as this...and almost worth waiting three years for, too!But we won't wait three more years to swing by T Cook's again...they are just too good and right in the hood:)
5	We ate here to celebrate our engagement during a weekend getaway to AZ. My fiance had coordinated with the restaurant beforehand to have rose petals and 2 glasses of champagne set for us before we arrived. The rose petals were fresh and a mix of red, yellow, and pink... beautiful colors!I ordered one of their fish dishes that came is a REALLY hot skillet, and I accidently burned my hand on the skillet. We saw one of the employees walking by, so we asked if he had anything for the burn, and he ran off looking for burn spray and bandaids. He was back in no time with everything I needed to treat the burn - amazing service! I THINK his name was Nick, but I can't remember.Good job, T Cooks!
5	Since moving to AZ we have gone to T. Cooks several times and each time it has been a lovely and delicious experience. It's my favorite place to go for brunch. It's pricey and it's not a huge Vegas style buffet but all items are high quality and delicious. Plus, you can order a la carte plus the buffet and the price is the same or just a bit higher than the buffet alone. I also enjoy the decor and ambiance. We went for dinner last night and oh my!!! It was outstanding! I knew what I was going to order ( I have an obsession with looking at menus online before hand) but they surprised me with a Farm to Table menu from Chef Lee. The "theme" was pork,yum! And to make it even better, 3 courses for $40. First course was pork belly with frisee greens and a poached egg. It was so goood!! A sprinkle of salt and pepper, crusty bread to scoop the egg and it was like breakfast :DSecond course, braised pork filled ravioli with bacon, squash, pearl onions. It also had a bit of cheese (Brie?) on top. I loved every single bite of it! It was amazing, the sweetness of the squash, the salty bacon, creamy Brie and the perfectly cooked ravioli bursting with the  braised pork was just heaven! Third course, goat cheese cheesecake with apple compote and caramel sauce. I'm not a huge fan of apple desserts but the compote was on the side.  I never had goat cheese cheesecake before (surprising since goat cheese is one of my favorite foods:) and this was great, creamy, not as tart. A perfect ending!There was a nice lounge singer at the bar, which we were able to listen to while eating in the restaurant. Now that the weather is nice, dining on the patio was very enjoyable.I recommend T. Cooks without reservation. I'm already looking forward to my birthday brunch there!
5	Had a beautiful brunch here. Sat outside among the bougainvillea listening to the many birds (some who had equal sugar packs in their nest?...but that is another story).We had the option of trying the buffet which looked very nice but as the menu was looking so good we ordered from there. I had the Breakfast panzenella which was just what I felt like and enjoyed immensely. It is a traditional Italian dish layered with grilled vegetables, tomatoes, potatoes and topped with two over easy eggs.My husband had the Boneless "Poulet Rouge" chicken thigh with roasted tomatoes and fingerling potatoes which he said was very tasty.We accompanied our meals with a Bellini and a Mediterranean Bloody Mary - both very good - then we ended it with an incredible tasting French Press Coffee.Overall there was not one thing to complain about - the ambience, food and service were all 5 star. There was even a guitar player inside the restaurant which is also very beautiful.
3	So I pull up in my Ford Taurus, get valet parking, and watch them park it in-between a next years model Ferrari and a Bentley. Entertaining to me. :)  We walk through a very charming little place to T. Cook's and enjoyed a nice meal.  Service and the atmosphere were great.  The food however was just ok.  For the price, the food was not at all worth it. However, being what T. Cook's is, I would have to say that it's a great place for a special occasion or a date for the average Joe. Very impressive dinning experience, I just wish the food would have been better.  Atmosphere - A+ Food - C-
4	"Would you prefer to dine indoors or outdoors today?" Answering "Outdoors,thank you" was our second good decision of the day to that point.  The first was choosing T. Cook's for lunch.  Located in the Royal Palms Hotel, which is understated and wonderful (no need to scream "FIRST CLASS" when it is best communicated in whisper as is here) our experience at T. Cook's was what we expected it to be - lovely.  From the garden setting to the table settings to the top notch service and delicious food, each piece provided just the right fit in the puzzle.   We were fortunate to get in given we did not have reservations and arrived just at the tail end of what was the lunch rush.  Yet the server was as attentive as if she had been waiting only for us all afternoon.  While dinner can be very spendy, lunch at T. Cook's  gives you a chance to soak up the experience and enjoy the food at a reasonable price.  We recommend ordering from the combo optionsmenu at lunch providing an opportunity to sample a selection of wonderful soups, salads, sandwiches in "soup and..." or "salad and...", -you get the idea - for only $14.00.   Plus the lunch dessert menu offers a sampling of three items for about $8 that we found the perfect sweet ending to be shared by two along with coffee.  With so many restaurants to try and so little time and as infrequently as we get to the Phoenix area, we're not sure this will be a repeat spot for us, but we are so glad to have experienced T Cook's.  Based on glowing reviews of food savvy friends who loved T. Cook's when they lived in Scottsdale for a few months, we were somewhat prepared to have our very high expectations not met...but our expectations were met and then some.   Go!
5	T. Cook's is a gem in the Royal Palms Hotel. We recently stayed at the Royal Palms, (which deserves its own review) for a week and dined at T. Cook's 4 times! Once for lunch, three times for dinner, including Christmas which was excellent despite the busy the dining room.The setting, both indoors and out is charming. The food was great and we had the best paella since visiting Spain.  Chef Lee treated us royally. We can't wait to get back to Phoenix to return to T. Cook's.
5	T. Cooks is simply amazing in every way.   We try to visit about once a year for special occasions.   Beautiful resort, amazing food, extensive wine selection, and the service...wow the service....makes you feel like royalty!
4	We enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and service last evening at T Cooks.  Service was very good with a down to earth waiter, accompanied by professional support staff.  We appreciated the 'fire sale' on numerous bottles of wine that gave us more value for our wine choice. As an appetizer, the large piece of calamari was original and perfectly done.  The calamari, with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, is alone worth a repeat visit ! The squash soup perhaps needed a bit of butter... or perhaps more flavor?  Crab cake appetizer was (of course) gorgeous crab meat but it also needed a bit more flavor - it is rare that I ever reach for salt but I am not sure that this was the one item missing.  The fennel was a nice pairing with the crab cake but the sauce did not have any notable role. House chocolates a delight.  Then an easy progression to the lounge. The lounge was enjoyable for an after dinner drink and provides an ambiance  not widely available in Phoenix.  Service is impeccable and the servers are dressed as professionals.  Comfortable seating and live music provided a nice jive to T Cook's.  Thank you for the relaxing experience!
5	I dream of the day I have enough riches that I can hang out in places like Royal Palms regularly. I mean the night I showed up, well it was night, but it was also pouring down rain, and even through all of that Royal Palms was pretty enough to make me stop and look around before rushing in out of the weather. I headed into the bar to meet up with a few folks and the interior is just a beautiful space - warm and welcoming, and very classy. Bring people here that you want to impress.I, of course, had to order a glass of champagne and the lovely server brought it right to me. Perhaps she sensed I had been delayed at the airport that day before arriving to Phoenix for 7 hours? Or more likely they are just very good at what they do here. We immediately ordered since it was so late and I started with a pear, pecan, and blue cheese salad. For my main course I choose a seared Irish salmon that was served with leeks, tomato gratin, and a pea puree. It was all fantastic, but the tomato gratin made me want to invite the chef to move to LA with me. I mean no way could I afford that now, but a girl can dream!We finished by sharing a couple of desserts and the one I chose was the Florale. It was made with lychee mousse and was quite light and just a bit tart. All in all a delicious ending to a delicious meal.
5	Romance. T. Cook's has it in spades, so much so that the Royal Palms, the hotel that it is located in, has a "Director or Romance". Now how great a job would that be . . . . and guys- no more wondering what to do to impress- just call up and they will take care of it all. Want rose petals scattered about your table? No problem. How about a poem reader? Got it. Or a private violinist? Again- they will make it happen. They will even put together a private dinner out in the garden for you. "Ahh. Romance", she says wistfully while thinking about her evening. But I digress . . .all this talk of romance has overshadowed why I always choose T Cooks for dinner every time I head to the Scottsdale area. It's the food, the bar, the service and of course the ambiance. Enter this historic Mediterranean villa and you know you are in for a special evening. To the right, the restaurant, to the left, the bar. And not just any bar. Live music is always playing and the bartenders (Jason and Jeremy) are terrific. You can eat at the bar (they have a separate bar menu) but my advice is to wait and eat in the main restaurant. Usually I ask to sit outdoors- either in the front courtyard around the trickling fountain, or in the back, Tuscan styled gardens. On this night- it was a little cool so we compromised and took a seat by the windows looking out. Warm, fresh bread is placed on the table with a garlicky pesto sauce. Try not to eat too much as you'll want room for their wide variety of appetizers and entrees. We went with the charcuterie plate, plenty of meats and cheeses to start. As for our entree's the sliced ribeye was the pick of the night. But there are plenty of choices from chops, to fish to lamb. Service was spot on (friendly, accommodating, and attentive) and we even got to meet the "Director of Romance", Robert, who made me wish I had known about this service before. Robert asked if we were staying in the hotel (we weren't) for if we were- he said he could work his magic on our room while we ate. It made me want to change hotels, if only for the night! Our evening ended back where it began at the bar listening to old Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra tunes being crooned out by an amazing duo, while sipping a tawny port and reflecting on the dinner we had just experienced. This is not a cheap date.  Dinner for two was around $200 but worth every penny.  Go ahead, splurge.  It's worth it.Ahh. Romance. If you were wondering where it went in your life- check out T. Cooks at the Royal Palms Hotel. It's there, waiting for you.
3	I've been to T. Cook's probably five times and it is always mediocre at best.   Although their pesto is fantastic, the rest of the meal is rather blah and definitely not worth the cost as it's rather pricey.  The Royal Palms is the only reason I keep trying.  Good God that place is beautiful and so cool.  Have stayed there a couple of times and always love it.  Too bad about T. Cook's because I REALLY want to like it because the resort is so cool.  I'd love to have dinner then walk to my casita, but typically end up going to one of the many other fantastic restaurants in the area instead.
5	Another great dinner in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  We tried out T. Cooks for our Saturday dinner date.  Located in the Royal Palms resort, I enjoyed how cozy the resort and restaurant were.  We got there a little early and had to wait for a few minutes at the bar.  I ended up with a espressotini which was delicious and satisfied my caffeine need.  The bar scene and I guess dining scene was unique.  Definitely a much older crowd, lots of couples, and lots of people wanting attention.  The food at this place was excellent.  We started off with the cheese and prosciutto platter which was okay and we could have done without.  A huge loaf of bread and pesto dip was provided and was super yummy.  For my entree I had the fillet mignon with potatoes au gratin.  That steak was perfect and melted in my mouth.  My entree filled me up so much I ended up skipping dessert.Service was great as well.  They took care of us but allowed us to have our space.   Oh and one final note, they have complimentary valet.
5	This review would be for the lounge only.I found out they offer Taco Tuesday here and I was in like so fast. For $2 I got a tostada thing with shredded tenderloin that was oh so tender with a deep fried egg and some jalapeno sauce.the service was spot on, they have the most delicious iced tea ever, and it's a beautiful place.
5	My wife and I ate here last night. They had a special going; a 3 course dinner for 50$, and we both opted for it.The place is very well designed, and very tranquil with fountains, and flowers. Its like you stepped into another world once you get there. The staff are very friendly. Our wait staff was on the spot consistently filling our water glasses, or replinishing our wine in our glass.From start to finish I was impressed with the quality and taste of the food. You can taste all the flavors. I had a special from the wood burning oven, brosin stuffed chicken, with risotto, fresh greenbeans and a butternut squash reduction. It was extremely good, I have never had chicken cooked so perfectly before, so moist and tender, so good!We definately will be visiting this place again. I think a few work dinners might be in order here too! We didnt visit the bar/lounge area. We went straight to the dining room. It got quite busy for a thursday night right around 7pm. It was good to see so business flourishing at such a nice restaurant.
2	T. Cook's and I have a long history but T. doesn't know it.  The first time I met him was over ten years ago when I was just making it in this town.  I had reached my goal for my office and in celebration, I took some of my friends and biggest cheerleaders there to celebrate.  T's food went right to my g-spot and I had an orgasmic reaction right there at the table.  I saved T for special occassions.  The next time I went was again for some celebratory occassion with some friends and once again, T's food went right to my g-spot and I had another orgasmic reaction.The third time, I've been spoiled so I was secretly rubbing my legs together under their pristine table linen in anticipation and didn't care who saw me as I licked every delectable morsel off of my plate and fingers, groaning with pleasure.With gloating praise of T., I got a group of friends together for a private dining experience at the Delano Room (min. $500 spending) for a holiday dinner this past Christmas.  When making the reservation, the lady was a bit snubby which I can accept when I am anticipating another orgasmic experience.  We gather for a evening of fine dining . . . except this time, T. had performance anxiety and failed me.  First the waitress looked like she was overworked and coming into the Delano Room was an inconvinence to her because she has just way too many tables outside that were more important to her.  When my dish came, it had been under the heat lamp for so long that it was completely shriveled that I could not tell what dish I had ordered.  I gave her one look and without a word, she took the dish back and asked me if I would like to order another dish.  Where my g-spot was left high and dry was when we got the bill, the antipasto dish that the waitress had recommended we ordered as a 3-person portion was a whopping $45 per plate.  She had said that "some" additional amount would be added for a larger portion- she neglected to clarify that it would be a whopping 3x's the amount.  And we had 2 plates of those . . . $90 for 2 antipasto plates??  So what was supposed to be my most savory experience with T. was completely anticlimatic and totally blemished my memory of him.I know T's popular so he'll have many suitors- just not this one.
4	The food was mostly great.  The calamari appetizer can definetly be passed up: one lump of fried calamari in the middle of a bowl of chopped tomatoes...lame.The seafood was all good (good scallops, halibut great but kind of small portion) but one of the steaks was done med rare instead of med well and the other was a little over.  Which leads me to the only reason I couldn't give 5 stars: service.  I would like a waiter that speaks and understands english very clearly.  He obviously misheard on the steaks or gave the wrong one to the wrong person and he wasn't sure about some of the seafood questions.  Also, when charging prices like these, I expect pretty good service with attention to detail like making sure silverware is reset before our dinners are in front of us (hello what am I supposed to eat with??).  We should've gotten bread service right away but had to ask after a few rounds of drinks.  Btw, the pesto is some of the best I've ever had!!  This is a great place for pricey special occasions.  Food was excellent and nice atmosphere.  Service could be a little more refined though (think servers at Elements).  Compliments to the chef!
1	Don't bother.  Overpriced, immemorable food served by a creepy waiter.  AND he didn't bother to tell me when I asked for water for the table that it would be $6 a bottle!!!!  Yuck to the whole experience here.
4	My guest ordered the beef tenderloin and I ordered the skate (yes, the 'kinda sting-ray' fish). The tenderloin was perfectly cooked as ordered (between medium-rare and rare) ... a delicious prime cut. The skate was buttery-smooth and tender ... it practically melted in my mouth!However, our enjoyment came to a screeching halt when we ordered the "Molten Lava Cake". The presentation was fantastic ... a small pyramid-shaped cake next to a scoop of chocolate ice cream within a C-shaped curl of milk-chocolate. But the cake was cool to the touch, and the 'molten' chocolate interior was firm and cold. Even worse was the mini-scoop of chocolate ice cream; my guest and I both thought it tasted like chlorine!T Cook's stepped up and brought us another lava cake (with vanilla ice cream). No chlorine taste was detected in the ice cream (whew!), but the lava cake was only marginally warmer .. .and the center was still solid ... definitely not molten. The waitress explained that the kitchen couldn't heat it up any more or the chocolate core would melt and leak out of the cake onto the plate. I've had molten lava cake at other restaurants with melted chocolate centers; if they can do it, why can't T Cook's do the same?
4	With all the fancy new restaurants in the area it is easy to forget about a classic like T-Cook's at the Royal Palms Resort.  The ambiance, service and food are as good as ever.The chef, Lee Hillson, is very talented.  He has been a contestant on Iron Chef America and really turns out a great product.  His fresh spin on the classic dishes are delicious.I was here in April for a multi-course meal as part of the Scottsdale Culinary Festival.  Chef Hillson pulled out all the stops and in particular his lamb course was fantastic.Yesterday I stopped in for lunch with one of my clients.  We had the Fruit de Mar which was a fried calamari, shrimp, scallop dish.  The seafood was good but the breading was a little much for my taste.  I had the Turkey club sandwich which was very good.  Heaped high with thinly sliced roasted turkey there was enough to take home for leftovers.This is such a nice place.  I always enjoy dining at T-Cook's.
4	Heard about this place for years and finally got the chance to check it out for myself.Wish I could brag about going there for an amazing romantic date... but guess I will settle for my two female companions! We sat on the terrace and it was absolutely perfect. So cute! Loved all the cocktails we tried! Only got appetizers but food was very tasty!
4	Back in Phoenix visiting friends and we went to T. Cook's.The grounds of the Royal Palms and the bar and dining room of T. Cooks are as beautiful as ever. I used to tell my friends to take their dates to T. Cooks, if only because the lighting and atmosphere will make everyone seem better looking. It's still true. The service is still great, too. Warm, informed and attentive without being overly familiar.But when T. Cook's opened about 10 years ago, the food was over-the-top special. I used to go there fairly often, and it was always flawless. Maybe it's unfair to expect so much from them all the time, but it's billed as a special place, and with appetizers, entrees, wine and dessert, you're easily over a hundred bucks a head before tax and tip. We just ate dinner there a couple nights ago, and we really enjoyed it with no regrets, but the food was not as memorable as it once was. One of the pricier items on the menu -- the foie gras -- was actually kind of bland. I regret ordering it, and not just because it's politically incorrect. Everything else was delicious. Great, very broad wine list, and the desserts are still phenomenal.I still love T. Cook's. It hasn't changed enough to keep me from going back -- not by a long shot -- but a little bit of the luster is gone.
4	My fiance took me here to celebrate after he won a poker tournament. He wanted an intimate/romantic dinner to celebrate so we glamoured up thinking this was going to be a very dressy kind of place. We were wrong. Upon walking into the restaurant we felt very overdressed in my cocktail dress and he in his newly bought suit. Most of the people dining there were in summer shorts and polos. Looked more like they were dressed to go golfing! Regardless, we greatly enjoyed our romantic dinner. The lights in the dining area were dim and wasn't loud at all. It was the perfect intimate setting.We shared a pear salad and crab cake to start with. The salad left a little to be desired, but the crab cake was DELICIOUS! For the entree he had the beef tenderloin and I had the salmon. He won that choice! We shared the Raspberry Charlotte for desset. It was absolutely out of this world! Probably one of the best desserts I've ever had. The portion was huge, we could barely finish it between the two of us.The waiter was VERY attentive and friendly. He made great recommendations on food and wine (which paired perfectly with our meal) and we didnt feel rushed at all between courses. He cleared our plates diligently after we finished each meal and always carefully whipped our table before bringing out the next course. Best service we've ever had at a restaurant!After we finished our dinner we walked around in the courtyard for a bit. It was beautiful! The trees were decorated in lights and the fountains were on and lit which created a romantic setting for us two love birds. We'll definitely be back!
5	I've only eaten here once but I was blown away. The food was absolutely delicious....probably one of the best meals that I've ever had in Phoenix. The service was phenomenal. If I remember correctly, it is valet parking only. This is a great place for a romantic dinner.
5	I think this resort, and it's grounds, has to be the most romantic, sexy, and charming in all of AZ.  I luv visiting as many of the resorts here in Scottsdale & Phoenix as much as possible, as all of them have so much to offer to delight all the senses.From the second you drive up to the lush & palatial grounds, you know you've come to the right place.  Any stress or worries disappear immediately.  I felt transported 9000 miles away in Europe.Make sure you slowly walk around and literally smell the flowers.  The attention to detail is everywhere, including candles lit on the stairs - Awwwwwww !The lounge is L-shaped, so it's perfect to find a quiet nook for 2, or join in & meet new people at the welcoming bar, or a sofa.The martinis were shaken and poured in the most excellent manner - and man, am i seriously picky about ingredients, the mix, the shaking,  presentation, and the pour (please have little ice floating, please be ICE cold, frozen tini glass earns extra points!).  Since we had eaten a very late lunch, we seriously wanted to try the nosh items, but only had room for the utterly amazing Chick Peas - I think they were flash fried?  But the were so addicting!  WOW.Since they were offering a really good special on a 2000 bottle of Perrier Jouet of Champangne, that topped off the night, while flute in hand, we strolled the gorgeous grounds,OK, seriously?  I am going back before the end of the week.  (And strongly hinting we should go all out & book next month before their summer specials end.....)
4	I can't even remeber what I had for lunch the two times I went 4 years ago. What I do remember was that the property and restaurant was beautiful. I loved the classic relaxed ambiance they created. I must've loved the food because I wouldn't have gone back so quickly, especially to a pricier restaurant on a college budget. I'm sure the ambiance hasn't changed. I need to revisit so I can give an updated review about the food.
5	Mmmmmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmm...Never Fails...This place is UNBELIEVABLE for breakfast and Lunch (i have heard great things about dinner as well although i have yet to enjoy it).  i have only been for lunch twice, but both times were fantastic.  The first time i had the Burger (wonderful) and the second time i believe it was the Halibut (could have been Seabass) and was equally as delicious (i have posted a photo).What i really want to talk about is their Breakfast though...OMG-favorite spot in town.  I am a huge eggs benny fan and they have this Mediterranean version that is out of this world.  It's on Focaccia bread with prosciutto and this red bell pepper hollandaise sauce...SO GOOD (i have also included a photo of this dish).  Also, try their green eggs and ham.  :)Hope you all enjoy this place as much as i do!!  Bon Appetit!
4	YUM! Great food, great company, and amazing scenery: This place is cookin'! I have trouble making food decisions, it's a known fact, so when I turned the menu over and realized I could order half a salad and half a sandwich, I was sold! But then came the hard part, which deliciously sounding salad paired with which 'wich?! Our served told us that the Asian Pear Salad with spiced pecans was a specialty so that was a no brainer. But the difficulty came debating betwen the short rib, smokey turkey and grilled chicken. The braised shortrib on a baguette won-I'm a sucker for good short rib!The salad was perfect, a nice balance of sweet from the pears and savory from the pecans with a zippy balsamic dressing that brought the whole thing together nicely. The sandwich was good, not the best braised short rib I ever had, but it was a half a sandwich, hard to tell, you know?Next time I go back to T. Cook's I want to order the real deal, their full braised short rib, and I want to sit at the bar. I've read good things about the experience there pulling up a stool and can't believe I left the place without even taking a peak at the thing! Next time T. Cook's, next time!
5	Wow, great experience!  T. Cook's restaurant located in the royal Palms Resort and Spa in Phoenix is a beautiful place to wine and dine. Their colonial Spanish architecture with a Mediterranean flair is both elegant and romantic.  The Resort and Restaurant are both decorated with hardwoods and cherry woods everywhere with and hand-painted Italian frescoes and beautiful floral arrangements throughout.  The unfortunate thing about my visit, I was there for a business dinner... lolThe service from start to finish was outstanding.  The bar was fairly busy mixed with Resort guest and people like us just their to dine.  The servers were very attentive and we got our food fairly fast considering the type of restaurant.  The Sommelier was knowledgeable and eager to help us find the right wines to go with our meals. Excellent service all around.I started my dinning experience with a glass of Chardonnay and Pear and organic mixed green salad.  It was good but I was expecting the pear to be grilled.  For the entree I had a wonderful Cabernet Sauvignon recommended by the Sommelier, to go with my New York Strip. I added a side of roasted brussel sprouts with duck confit which was outstanding!  My steak was cooked extremely well and delicious.  I did not have room for desert, but made room for a cup of coffee, which was very good as well. My next visit to T. Cooks I plan to bring my lovely bride and have the pan roasted halibut with herb potatoes and local veggies cooked in a red wine butter sauce, YUM!!  It looked really good from across the table : )I recommend T. Cooks the next time you are planning a nice dinner for two or with some good friends wanting to have a great evening together.  Their wine selection is good and they have an Oktoberfest menu for you German Food fanatics.
5	In the land of resorts, Royal Palms always brings its A-game no matter what they do, and T Cooks is no exception. T Cooks is intimate, delicious and sophisticated all wrapped into one beautiful picturesque setting. I've visited T Cooks for lunch and dinner and both are fabulous. Lunch provides a very "lady who lunches" feel to it and I enjoy the variety of selections they offer. From small plates to sandwiches, to salads, it's always tasty. I practically squeal for Sunday brunch and when the holiday presents itself to visit for brunch, I can't get enough of the seafood selection, the champagne, the state of the art breakfast cuisine and the other varieties of food imaginable. Meals at T Cooks are done in an elegant fashion. The environment is very fresh and open and the decor has a hacienda feel to it. Every time I'm there, I close my eyes and imagine this is my home and I am happy that T Cooks let my imagination wonder. I've eaten at T Cooks for a graduation brunch and I've eaten here for a casual lunch with friends and every time the meal occasion and the experience goes hand in hand. The staff is friendly and attentive and the pricing is much more reasonable than would be expected. So in summary, T Cooks is the perfect dining location and if you are looking for a special experience I would keep T Cook at top of mind like I do!
5	Our favorite restaurant in town. Great atmosphere. Chef Lee always gets it right!
4	This is about the bar, not T Cooks.  I've not been back to T. Cooks since I had two of my party food-poisoned CHristmas eve several years ago, only to have the manager never call me back after repeated calls.However, I've slowly gone back to the bar for cocktails and appetizers.  Its a special place, with nice cocktails and good food.  I still have a hard time getting over the callous treatment over the food poisoning...so only 3 stars to a place that might rate more.
5	I really don't know what I could say to really give this place the review it deserves! T. Cooks was OUTSTANDING and above my expectations!!!! Hubs and I went here this past Monday for our 2 year wedding anniversary! We had never been and I had been wanting to try it out. We were shown to our table and they had rose petals scattered around, nice touch. Our waiter Dan was great. Full of knowledge about the wine selection and very personable. We started with crab cakes, I don't really eat crab, But I finished it off, so good! I loved the crispness of the out side of the cake and the sweet corn sauce it was placed upon. Next up was soup. Hubs got the lobster bisque and I got the nights special which was a cauliflower puree and cheese soup. AMAZING! I love that they bring the bowl out empty (well there is fun little accompaniments in there) and then pour the soup right there, very fancy. Out came the entrees. Hubs had the prime rib and I had the Dover sole. The fish was cooked perfectly. We ate until we were in a food coma. But that's not all, as it turns out a friend of ours waiters there, he wasn't working that night but called and told them it was our anniversary, hence the flowers on our table, as we did not tell them when we made reservations. They brought out a dessert platter on the house! It had about four different desserts on it and all were decadent! We really had a great time here and cant wait to go back!
3	T. Cook's atmosphere and the ambience is hard to beat in the Valley of the Sun.  However, the food really didn't meet up to the hype, especially since they have little labels on several items saying it's a "foodie favorite".  I tried ordering the bone marrow & sweetbreads and it was not good.  Just bleh.  Salty and chewy sweetbreads as if they've been caramelized and the marrow...  i don't know what was wrong with it.  Maybe it wasn't as fresh as it should have been?  The toast was good, ended up using the pesto they gave us with the complimentary bread on it instead.  My date had the crab cakes.  I had a couple bites and it was good, nothing outstanding about it.  I really wanted to like the food.  My date had the lobster bisque and I had the mushroom soup.  I really wanted to like the food.  Maybe my taste buds were off that night?  Lobster bisque didn't have the rich lobster flavor, and I caught myself thinking Campbell's Cream of Mushroom soup was better than what I had.  It seemed overly seasoned and it didn't have the rich mushroom fragrance that usually occupies any mushroom dish.  The only cool part was how they construct the soup in front of you, bringing a garnished soup dish and then adding the hot soup from a decanter.We opted for the sampler platter from the fire pit, which had Mediterranean paella, poulet rouge chicken, pork tenderloin, and roasted lamb.  Maybe it was because they had to make a bit of each to add to the huge platter and serve it to us, but the entire thing was room temperature.  Nothing was hot.  It's pretty ironic since we were sitting right next to the palm tree that's right next to the fire pit.  Paella seemed like it had been sitting around because the rice was packed together, not to mention the grittiness I experienced several times while chewing it.  They didn't take care in removing the gritty sediment after cooking the shellfish.  Lamb was mediocre at best and poulet rouge tasted like Tyson's chicken.  The pork tenderloin was the only really good piece of protein on the plate and that was only if I ate it separate from the cold over-seasoned risotto cake it was served with.  I want to try T. Cook's again because I really want to experience good food here.  I keep repeating it, but I really want to enjoy the food here.  The staff and the atmosphere is perfect.  I just need to give their food another shot soon!
1	If you want to drop $250-$300 & absolutely not impress a date this is the place!!! Stuffy, Pretentious, uncomfortable, & Mediocre Summarizes This Venue! The Resort entry & valet parking is very impressive! (1st class) You will walk thru a beautiful Spanish Hacienda Court Yard to enter this old world decadent restaurant! (Still 1st class) "So what's the problem" you ask? Well when you enter this restaurant with a reservation, a snooty hostess will guide to their rather cramped bar to wait for 1 - 1  1/2 hrs. to get your table!(OK it's a popular high end place, & you can practice your art of conversation over the loud volume of many other patrons waiting the same lousy treatment from the hostess....) Oh this is when sticker shock is about to hit you $30-$35 for a beer (a Guinness) & a glass of wine! You finally get seated & the waiting staff is doing one hell of a job trying to sell you an expensive bottle of wine! (This part of the experience is very similar to buying Time Share!) So you order another glass of wine & beer which makes you seem like a cheapskate, or get treated as such. Now the food does taste good, but with rather small portions & rather hefty sticker, it makes you masticate every bite & really taste your dish! But how much am I paying for this dish! It's only half a cut of the fish! Despite all the mastication, it is very hard to swallow! Somehow you finish your dish! (Mom would be so proud of you cause' your plate is as clean as if it came out of the dish washer!) So you are now ready for the big finally & the waiters "Fave Pick" on desert! Well off course there are two scrumdiddlyumptious recommends that you will have with the two tiniest espresso shots! So your bill for $240+ makes its way to the table, & boy if you're planning tipping only 15% you will get the "you cheapskate evil eye" walking out of this restaurant! Oh 'yah' don't forget to tip the valet, $5 tip also will get you a "are you kidin' me look as well!"
5	Had a lovely Christmas Dinner at T. Cook's : )As it was just the three of us this year we decided to go out for Christmas Dinner and we had a truly wonderful meal in a very pretty setting.For appetizers we had the lobster bisque with asparagus and caviar and the wild burgundy escargot with crisp brioche, lightly scrambled eggs, mushrooms and roasted garlic mascarpone cheese....both were delicious.For mains we tried the slow roasted lamb stuffed with feta, tomatoes and oregano on a bed of marinated tomatoes, roasted green peppers and fingerling potatoes as well as the glazed ham with Italian fennel sausage dressing, haricot vert, sweet potato gratin and cranberry relish....tastebud sensations!Once again we sat on the patio which was just perfect with Christmas day temps in the 70s. We had our beautiful newborn with us and when she got slightly fussy we were able to calm her down by walking through the gorgeous gardens and courtyards. She just loved all of the beautiful colors and smells : )The staff were also wonderfully friendly and helpful. Highly recommend T. Cook's for any meal or event.
2	My husband and I had New Year's Eve dinner there. For the prices we paid (about $150+tax & tip per person), we expected better and more food. The food was just not that great. One of our dishes was cold, but they quickly replaced it after we complained. And the dessert was just not up to par. I only had a few bites and didn't want to eat more. So we paid like $300+tax and tip all together for not so great food. Plus the crowd who ate there was stuffy. Most of the women who went there showed up either with a mink coat or a mink stole (and the restaurant told us the attire is resort casual). And don't bother trying to make casual conversation with the patrons there. Most likely they won't talk back. Yes, like what the other Yelper said - it's a stuffy, pretentious, uncomfortable and mediocre place. If you want good food and good service - go next store to J & G Steakhouse at the Phoenician. We had some excellent food for very reasonable prices there!
5	Although I have eaten at T Cooks, the restaurant, I haven't eaten at the bar as much. But, after my visit tonight I can say that the bar is just as good and a great economic option when you want T Cooks but without the dining room experience. With live music in the background and a fire warming up the setting, it was a nice atmosphere along with good food! Plus, I love that the Royal Palms hosts events like a live music artist who creates art based on the music playing.
2	I am just going to leave at this: this is phoenix: people don't know better.When our server introduced us by saying the chef was on the iron chef program - I knew right then we were going to have a less then adequate meal.....When there was a plethora of shellfish and no game on the menu I knew we were going to have a less then adequate meal (this is ARIZONA in the winter y'all!) Escargot - really? in Arizona?Though menu items usually have spare descriptions I am used to elegant presentations with many components (a la Iruna). Especially all the "hype" around T.Cooks - alas my salad was mixed greens and sliced pears - yes mixed greens and sliced pears - made me giggle (then I remembered this was phoenix).So ordering the duck breast - I was thinking this will be okay - sigh - why was my duck breast rubbery? I am guessing after they seared the breast the chef/cook sliced it too fast neglecting to wait the minute for the meat to rest - forcing my duck breast to be inedible...Then I looked around the room (gasp) white haired old people abound - these folks are from Phoenix - ha! They are having a grand ol time - ok I won't dog them but how about the mousy haired frumpy chick next to us with the beaded topDessert - we may have had dessert - I think we did - it was that memorable.Service was lovely - our server was proper - that's nice - but I will trade bad service for excellent food any day of the week.So yea - this is not the place for good food-
5	Whisk your date away into old colonial Spain, where Mediterranean breezes and flavors waft into your nostrils.  The mood is set with dim lighting, siena and sunburnt vaulted ceilings, cozy fireplaces, and an elegant ambiance.Start your evening off in the lounge, with its posh leather couches, mahogany bar, antique lamps, and baby grand piano to set the mood.  The menu of specialty cocktails will make any discerning carouser dance with delight.  From the "Sweetheart" with chambord vodka, champagne, and chambord - to the "Rose Petal Infusion" with grey goose, strawberries, st. germaine elderflower, and a rose petal, your lovely lady will be swooning with ardour, or from the strong martinis.  The mixologists here know their libations.  Drinks are poured with the finest spirits and crafted with love, and you pay accordingly for an average of $14.  However, do not let this dampen your spirits as Happy Hour is from 5p-7p, and reverse Happy Hour from 10p-midnight Sunday through Thursday.  Appetizers are half price, featured drinks and wines by the glass for $6.So after your palate has been readied for the culinary splendour that is about to meet your lips, try one of the lounge's appetizers or wait until you are seated in the restaurant to be impressed.  The lounge has an eclectic menu which features "Fruit De Mar" (tempura fried calamari, shrimp, and scallops), the very popular Belgian snack of "Mussels and Frites" (mussels dish served with a side of french fries), "Adana Kebabs" served with pita and yogurt, and even an American favorite, the short rib sandwhich.  Average price is $12.Want to impress your date? Order the Chilled shellfish and bubbles entree right at the bar, as the piano man croons in the background.  This delectable entree comes with maine lobster, king crab legs, jumbo shrimp, and oysters on the half shell, and is served with two glasses of house champagne, for a mere $55.  Now if that isn't the perfect aphrodisiac...If dining solely in the restaurant, you will not be disappointed by the first class service, attention to detail, and the fine food that is so lovingly prepared by its chef.The meals are split up into courses, and I strongly suggest you do all three to fully explore the tempting Mediterranean treats that this restaurant has to offer.Start off with the "Burgundian Escargot" (with mushroom raviolis, roasted beets, watercress salad, and vegetable beurre rouge) or the phenomenal "Crab Cakes'" (with house-made chorizo, clams, and roasted clam puree).  Not in the mood for seafood, but still enjoy good belly timber?  Then try the duet of roasted bonemarrow and sauteed sweetbreads served with their housemade brioche and a horseradish infused orange marmelade.Now you are ready to clear your palate for your main course, something light to pique those tastebuds...the "lobster fennel bisque," or the unbelievably ambrosial "Pear Salad" with its gorgeous blending of spiced pecans and blue cheese on organic greens.If you are a devotee to food, then you have saved room for the main course.  Choose from Chef Lee's Carbonara, (my personal favorite) with garlic cream, pancetta, prosciutto, and egg yolk.  For Spanish fare, there is T. Cook's signature Paella, straight from the fireplace, or a sinful slow roasted lamb stuffed with feta.  Many more seafoods and steaks grace this menu, for an average cost of $32.  You will definitely expect to pay accordingly for the quality, flavor, and love that is put into these amazing dishes.A dining experience fit for the gods, sure to impress your date, and your palate.
5	Well Lee all i have to say is good job mate.  Great food and great service. Just ask for Brian.
3	I have to say that all of the food was perfectly prepared and delicious. My complaint is the time it took to get our food. 7:30 reservation and we didn't get our main course until 9:15, 1hr 45 minutes shows that they were over booked for what they can handle. For the price they get for dinner it seems they could manage their/my time better. The fish special was trout with mashed potatoes, asparagus & hollandaise sauce. It was very tasty and perfectly prepared.The seating outdoors is fabulous, comfortable w/ heaters when needed and very chic with great patio landscaping.
3	Great Sunday brunch! But this trip we didn't have brunch we just had drinks and dessert!  It was really nothing to write home about!  We had the creme brulee, by just reading the description on the menu I was so excited to try it, but when I took my first bite, I wasn't that excited.  I will have to try other things on the menu next time.
5	I love this place.  The food is usually sublime and the service perfect.  Afterwards you can go for a stroll around the grounds of the Royal Palms.
3	Been here for various holidays a few times, it's okay. By okay i mean, go to Four Seasons and eat there instead. I can name about 4 other Arizona restaurants better than this and a little cheaper even with their organic food offerings, sorry :( Plus i agree with the very stuffy old-people atmosphere here, it is always so strange to walk-in here, i feel far too young.
5	I like to be a little stingy when it comes to five stars, but it is easy to create the perfect meal here.  Our group of five had a fantastic evening.  it is also always nice when someone else is picking up the tab.  We had to wait a bit in the bar before our reservation was ready but the bar is quaint with live music.  The surroundings and restaurant are gorgeous.  I wish we would have sat outside, but inside is nice.  Our group started with a sampler of appetizers.  We shared the antipasto platter with locally made cheeses, and in house cured meats and pickled vegetables.  The restaurant is making a very good farm to table effort.  We also had crab cakes and the super amazing carbonara for an appetizer.  Needless to say we were stuffed before the food even came.  I had the bisque which was good not as great as I expected given the reviews.  Everyone was very pleased with the food.  The only dessert we had was a complimentary birthday carmel cheesecake creme brulee.  AMAZING, I watched my husband devour it and he doesn't like cheese.  I was shocked and a bit jealous that I only had one bite, but it was his birthday.  I would go back just to get another shot at the desert menu.   Service by Bill excellent, he never had to ask what we needed it just appeared.
4	Its hard not to love the Royal Palms setting, the gorgeous Mediteranean grounds, and the elegance of an evening at T. Cooks.  We typically come a bit early for our reservation and walk the grounds to enjoy the texture of it all.   It feels special to be there, and over the four times we've been, its pretty much lived up to or exceeded expectation three times.  The last time we went however, was a rather surprising contrast to what we had come to expect.  Having been used to exquisite and thoughtful service, as well as wonderfully prepared and presented food, we were not prepared for an evening of disappointment.  Despite a dining room that was perhaps half-full when we were seated, the amount of time we waited to give our order, as well as the time between courses, seemed almost geologic.  When entrees arrived, one was wrong and another had portions that were cold (not luke warm ... actually cold).  We waited again hoping to ask for remedies, but we didn't see a member of the wait staff again for quite a while. Now, that said, when we did finally get the chance to raise our concerns, the dishes were quickly re-prepared and returned ... and the staff comp'd our bottle of wine for the evening and brought an incredible mulit-chocolate dessert huge enough for three to share with leftovers.  So, although I was disappointed in the evening, I applaud T. Cooks efforts at repair.  And I will definitely return; one off-night isn't enough to dissuade me.  And that lobster bisque ... incredible.
4	Big fan of the duck.
4	Don't be afraid to try the green eggs and ham. It is out of this world. T. Cooks is beautiful, with superb service and a wonderful menu. The desserts are design masterpieces. The table bread is fresh and made every day. There is certain to be something on the menu you will fall in love with. Whether you eat in the court yard, inside or on the patio, this place is perfect by yourself, with your sweat heart or a group. The grounds at the Royal Palms are beautiful and you will feel like you are in Paradise.
4	My wife and I stayed at Royal Palms for our 13th wedding anniversary. We love the resort.The T Cook restaurant was fabulous as expected, except for one component (see below).Wife had green eggs & ham, I had banana French pecan toast. Both of us loved the food and I highly recommend these entrees, especially mine. It also came with toast that had lovely jams and soft butter, including strawberry, marmalade, and other other I couldn't placeShe also had a mimosa, and I the orange jiuce. Because our entrees took so long to come out, they comped us a 2nd mimosa, so that was smoothed over.Waiting for the check seemed to be an issue. We didn't see our server for a long time after he checked on us while eating our breakfast. Probably 10-12 minutes passed until we actually got our check. Now I understand a leisurely pace but this was ridiculous. On top of that it was someone else's check.I went to the host stand because our waiter was no where to be found and he corrected the tab, we signed and little a little annoyed.Had it not been for this I would have been happy to give 5 stars. I look forward to revising my review the next time I come out.
5	Great service, great food, great environment.   Choosing T Cooks was a great choice to celebrate our anniversary!  We arrived early enough to have a cocktail in the cozy bar before being seated at our table with rose petals scattered on the cloth.  Happy Anniversary was typed on the menu and all the staff said congrats.  We ordered the Crab Cake, Pear Salad, Paella with Lobster and the Lobster Ravioli.  Every bite was perfect.  From start to finish every flavor was spot on.  The pesto served with the bread to the Gelato with the Pineapple Upside down cake.  Wine list was arranged by characteristics (oak vs. No oak)  and had bottles starting in the $30ish range.  The server took time to answer questions about the unique property and share stories.  Even with a full dining room, we could hear each other.  My glass was always full and I never had to ask for anything.  My husband even mentioned his like of heirloom tomatoes on his crab and the server came back with a small dish for him to enjoy even more.  Another staff member came by and took our picture to send us via email.  Brilliant, yet so easy.  Did I mention they have Happy Hour from Sunday to Thursday?  They will be seeing us again soon.
5	This is one of the better restaurants in the Phoenix valley.  Not only great food, service and decor, but also a great resort to walk around with mature landscaping that is worth the tour.  The service was top notch, and the food was excellent.  This is a great venue for date night, or for a group gathering as a special event.  There was no rushing from the service and the food delivery was right on from appetizers through desert.I would highly recommend this restaurant and hotel.
4	The short of it:  Delicious, high-quality food; high prices; and a nice atmosphere, if a bit "hoity-toity". The stuffiness comes along with the prices, the clientele who can afford said prices, the wine sales push, and the insistence on repeatedly calling me "Mister L." (which felt odd considering my relative youth). Aside from that, a pleasant experience for an early dinner.  Highlights included the antipasto platter with lots of things made in-house; the mixed greens salad (complete with a goat cheese tart!); and a pair of decadent desserts (who knew what guava could do for a creme brulee). The paella (a T. Cooks signature) was surprisingly just "good" (which says something of otherwise high standard) - the seafood was fresh and the dish was big enough to serve three, but it was quite salty. The other three people in my party, though, had no such complaints about their entrees.
5	You'll pay a decent price for your meal but here's how I see it.    You might save a few bucks doing the fine dining thing elsewhere but you are missing the complete experience that T. Cook's has cornered. Yes, the food is great, particularly anything from the sea, but it is the ambiance, service, location, history, and attention to detail that make make this a truly masterful Phoenix experience.
4	We stayed at Royal Palms this past weekend for the 4th year in a row to celebrate my Husband's Birthday. Normally we do go T Cooks, but usually for dinner. This year, we decided to go for breakfast, and boy and I glad we did! The food is always good at T Cooks. We've enjoyed dinner here a couple times and they always treat you nicely and make a special occasion even more special. So, our breakfast was great. I had the croissant sandwich and my Husband had the pesto omelet. He LOVED the pesto flavor in his omelet, as well as the english muffin it came with and the apple cinnamon jam. It really was fabulous. My croissant sandwich was to die for. I loved how they mixed the cheese in the eggs and the eggs were cooked just right - not overdone. The waitress was so nice, she noticed it was my Husband's bday and brought him a plate that said "happy birthday" and had some truffles. Love, Love, Love T Cooks and Royal Palms - you must go!
5	Amazing breakfast buffet!!  Love this place!
5	One of my regular restaurants. The menu has changed a bit, and I miss some favorites such as a the lobster ravioli. The lobster bisque I have to order each time. Some of the fall items such as the squash soups are missing. They have revised the menu into courses. They used to have a 4-5 course tasting menu created by the chef. We normally go on a weekdays, and allows the staff a little flexibility. I've had the chef create his own tasting menu and it's always been top rate 5 starts. He asked if we had any unpreferred foods. We've told him, not at all, he has full creativity. Don't knock the escargot until you try, their kitchen can make magic.
4	We had brunch on Sunday and it was great.  The place looks great and the food was deelish.  It's a bit pricy but the ingredients seems all top notch.  We'll try to hurry back.
5	This is my first fancy restaurant in Arizona, and it certainly deserves to be one of the best; one I will return to for special occasions. My wife picked it as a romantic spot for her birthday, and it didn't disappoint. This place is awesome. You drive in, the palm-lined circular driveway instantly transports you elsewhere. The valet takes your car, and you pass through passageways of intricate lighting patterns. Warmly welcomed into the dining room, which is surrounded in brick, long drapes, and exposed beams to give a classy but comfortable feel. The chairs have nice comfortable cushions for a long stay. Waitstaff were all friendly and as fast or laid back as you want them to be. One thing that I really note is the bread course. Is the bread hot or cold? How is it served? Here, a small loaf of Italian bread with the signature dustings of flour, signifying an "artisan" bread, was served with a small bowl of fresh pesto sauce. The bread was hot, the crust crispy, the sauce deelish. It was a good omen. The food was all first-rate. While I had a vegetarian string: yummy Quorn empenadas, pear salad, and the delicately fried stuffed squash blossoms, my wife had the escargots napoleon (she loved it), the lobster bisque (which I tried--great flavor), and the Meditteranean Lamb. I also had a side dish of potato puree--creamy garlicky heaven! It is an expensive place, but I would say it is worthwhile, and definitely good for a special night. The food was delicious and servings reasonable: if you get all the courses, you can actually take some home! The dessert menu was quite extensive, too. I think enough to please everyone. I definitely would go back sometime--just make sure you have money in the bank, know what I mean?
2	We were in AZ to celebrate our 5th anniversary, and chose T. Cook's for the occasion.To start out, we had to wait a little more than 15 minutes for our 8:00 reservation. No apology, no nothing. It was puzzling, as there were many open tables. So things didn't start out on the best of notes.Once we were seated, the service was excellent. The table was decorated for our anniversary, and our server was very informative. He also hooked us up with LOTS of extra wine, so that was a plus. But really, those were the highlights of our dinner.I started with the crab cake, which I did not care for. It was very, very crispy/crunchy, and didn't really have any flavor. DH had the short rib ravioli to start, and it was also bland. The sauce was not to our liking either -- kinda tasted like the dark brown gravy you can make from an envelope. For entrees, I had the paella and DH had the duck. The paella was enormous. Seriously...could have been shared by 4 people. It was fine, I guess. Not horrible, but really not so great either. DH said he enjoyed his duck, but he is more easy-going than I am. I tasted it, and thought it was tough and flavorless. We shared some chocolate dessert, which was good.I would probably give it 2.5 stars if I could. The atmosphere was really nice, the service was quite good, and my entree was okay. But if this is one of the best restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area, I pity those who live there.
3	If you judge T. Cook's against restaurants in general, it probably deserves 4 or 5 stars, but if you judge it against what it purports to be, three stars is more accurate.T. Cook's is a resort-style fine dining establishment.  The attentive valet parking, impressive entranceway, decor, and certainly the prices prove that.  However, it doesn't fall into the class of gourmet fine dining restaurants because the food is not imaginative and simply prepared.  Nor is it one of the currently-fashionable "modern comfortable" places.  Rather it is a throw-back to old-time formal dining, but done, unfortunately, without the class that such retro establishments must have.  Simply, it seems to cater to an older clientele, probably in accord with the people that stay at the Royal Palms resort.That said, T. Cooks has many good points.  The food is very well prepared, the wait staff is certainly knowledgeable, and the restaurant is attractive and not too noisy.  You won't have a bad experience here until the check arrives.  Of course, you expected the check because you saw their menu (maybe even online before you arrived).  But after finishing the meal, the net effect is "this was just not good enough for the price."Tip:  before you go here, you might consider buying the Preferred Restaurants of Phoenix card.  Sunday through Thursday (or early on weekends), this gives you two entrees for the price of one, saving you $30-$35, and the card costs less than twice that.  Then you have a year to try about 30 other places.
4	My family comes here once a year, every year, for my uncle and sister-in-law's birthday and we do the whole Sunday brunch thing. I would have to say the best thing about the place, even though the food is really very good, is the ambiance. Its an experience that from the second you pull into the driveway at the Royal Palms Hotel begins to surround you and cut you off from the outside world. The hotel itself is modeled like a Spanish villa, and the restaurant maintains this theme with large round hardwood tables that could probably support the weight of an elephant, a huge fireplace, exposed beam ceiling, wrought iron fixtures and embellishments, and Spanish tile on the floors. Everything seems very calculated down to the smallest detail including silverware and water pitchers that look to be hand hammered.The brunch thing is a little odd in how its constructed in that there is a buffet brunch which is more than enough to have as a meal, but there are also menu items which you can order in addition to the buffet. The odd thing is that everything is priced such that if you go for just the buffet, it costs more than if you were to get the buffet in combination with a meal, and in the end by ordering a meal you wind up paying a dollar or two more. Very strange. As such, it always seems worth it to me to get a menu item even if you're not that hungry and just have whatever you dont eat boxed up to take home and eat later.The food is really very good. I cant really complain about anything, but I will just say that there are certain shortcuts that are taken that are noticeable. For example, on the buffet they have kinda a gourmet version of home fries with onions and peppers and whatnot in it. I ordered an egg white omelet that was advertised as having potatoes, onions and peppers in it, but didnt really think that what would come was literally egg whites with the buffet dish mixed in. I mean, the dish was delicious, don't get me wrong, but it probably would have been better if the potatoes onions and peppers had been prepared a little differently...a different cut or a different cooking method--something to mix it up a little.The price isnt cheap, roughly 22-28 bucks per person for the buffet/menu item combo (21 for buffet only), but this is not the kind of thing you do every day. Its a special occasion kind of deal and I think that generally speaking its well worth it. The waitstaff is very attentive and they tend to be very unintrusive as well. I appreciate that especially when you're trying to have a special lunch out with the family. Overall, I would say this is a fantastic place to go if you're looking for a romantic dinner or a classy brunch every so often. Its a good solid choice any time, every time...especially if you like home fries!
2	We have eaten here previously and it was great so when we had out of town company we took them here.  What a disappointment!  My fish was overcooked, guest's beef was tough......Service was mediocre at best.  Looking for a new nice place to go.
4	This was my second time to the T. Cook's bar for Happy Hour.  Rather than the intended Mediterranean, the bar decor reminds me of a classy old school Hawaii hotel bar ala Elvis' movies.  The Great American Martini lives up to its name - Vodka straight up with blue cheese olives.  It's half price at Happy Hour as are the other featured cocktails and all the appetizers.  The Moroccan roasted chickpeas are addictive and inexpensive.  I also recommend the spicy seared tuna lettuce wraps.  On Tuesday and Thursdays they also have a featured $2 chef's choice taco.
5	Came for the amazing brunch.What I love about their brunch is the options.  For $33 you can get their buffet brunch which includes the better than usual goodies: omelet station, crab legs, already peeled shrimp, lox, fresh fruit, warm breads, various salads, waffles, grilled veggies and a dessert bar.  Now to mix it up, they also offer delicious items off their menu.  These dishes range from $10 - $15 a plate, but are fantastic and large.  However, if you want to then add the brunch buffet to your menu selection, you can pay an additional $23.  So, in essence, you can get the $10 pancakes and the $23 buffet, and pay the same price as getting the stand alone buffet.  I got the banana-pecan French toast off the menu.  OMG, it was perfect - especially with the warm "real" maple syrup.  Service there is great and very attention driven.  Even my napkin would be neatly folded by the time I returned to my seat.We came for a birthday and they had inscribed a nice note on top of the piece of dessert.  A very nice touch.I also love the ambiance and the grounds of the Royal Palms property.  It's gorgeous there.
5	No reason NOT to give FIVE stars.Excellent atmosphere,service and most important excellent food.We shared the antipasto platter that included house cured meats, house made cheeses,humus and pickled vegetables (one was brussels sprouts) I had Scottish Salmon that came with crispy onions, asparagus, and a cheese supreme lemon tomato tart. Everything was seasoned and prepared perfect. The tart was so unique and unusual, it looked like a slice of pizza and I was tempted to pick it up with my hands to eat. My dish was great but my husbands dish might be the dish T Cooks is most proud of, it was the Paella. Some of the ingredients that were in the Paella were cockles, calamari, pork belly, chicken, perfect prepared shrimp , sausage and mussels. Not only a delicious dish but also over generous in size to be enjoyed again.The inside out ice-cream sandwich tasted almost like a gourmet milky way bar it had those flavors but it was made of chocolate sponge cake and frozen milk chocolate mousse.I did not have a problem with them adding a 18% gratuity to our bill for two people since I usually tip 20% and added on the rest. I am not sure if they normally do this or only since I was using my preferred restaurant card that gives me one meal for free.I liked the Menu that they had it seemed that they offered something for everyone including vegetarians and vegans.Our waiter was very professional, knowledgeable and welcoming. Great for Special occasions or High End Dining!
2	Last night I had the infortunate experience of dining at T.Cook's fine restaurant.The ambiance and the setting were truly enchanting. Unfortunately the magic stops right there. The dining experience could only be qualified as very disappointing. I had ordered the Lobster entree. I was presented with a very small piece of lobstersurrounded with sparse and unidentifiable elements. The whole entree tasted at best bland.  Were it not for the presence of a fine and delightful company, I would have endured a very sad evening indeed. For desert I had : chocolate decadence which was good but surely not good enough to offer any solace to this indescript botched entree.So stay away from this overpriced establishment which does in no way qualify as a fine gourmet dining venue. The two generous stars I have given for atmosphere and setting, let us be fair...
2	Not the T Cooks we use to know and love. I decided to take the family and two friends to T Cooks for the Thanksgiving Day brunch and it was a monumental disappointment! We've attended their normal Sunday brunch on several occasions and it has always been good, but for some reason, on this day, they really dropped the ball.  We were seated on the patio and at the time of the reservation we were assured that if it rained they would be adequately prepared to accommodate us with indoor seating. Well, when it began to rain, they were not prepared, and in fact we were kind of ignored, even when we tracked down our server. Now see, the having to track down your server at The Royal Palms shouldn't even be in the same sentence, right?! Anyway, we dealt with the rain, it didn't last too long but the food in our plate was no longer edible after it had been substantially rained on. Ok, it's buffet so we can get more but that's hardly the point. In general our server seemed stressed, possibly overwhelmed (trying to give the benefit of the doubt) and as a result was not very attentive. We received cold coffee, lack of replacement silverware, etc... The buffet itself was very average with the exception of the crepe, waffle and omelet station; they were delicious. The mushroom soup was cold and sub par, the Caprese salad, stuffing and sweet potatoes flavorless, as were many other items.I have been in the service industry for almost 12 years, so it's not my style to complain but it was embarrassing especially because our guests know we frequent this establishment and couldn't help but ask "Why?" Oh, one more thing, on a side note: They add 18% gratuity to all checks regardless of the size of the party, and normally we would tip at least 20%. My guests found the automatic gratuity insulting for such an establishment...I would have to agree! I wanted to give 1 star but I'm giving 2 stars only because of the atmosphere of the resort. .
2	Great service and location.  Food was ok nothing great. We all ordered the Sunday Brunch.
5	The food, the atmoshere, the service... it was all just top notch.  Everything was excellent, but I especially enjoyed the paella.  It was outstanding, the best paella I've had.  Just be aware, it's a little different (in a great way) than most paellas in that the rice is fully cooked, but remains just very slightly al dente.  Too many paellas have soggy rice, but the texture of the rice here really brings the dish to a higher level.Everything was excellent.
4	Unique in many ways, tasty, good service, good selection of food and drinks and excellent atmosphere.3 and 1/2 to 4 stars.
2	You've got be kidding me. Possibly the worst upscale dining experience I've ever had. I don't mind paying a lot for food when it's good, but this just felt like complete robbery. So many things wrong from start to finish. My brother asked for his ribeye black and blue (very rare) and it came out medium.  For a $50 steak you gotta get it right. On top of that, four out of our five entrees sat outside getting cold (we were eating outside in January) while waiting several minutes for the fifth to arrive. When it finally did come, it was excruciating to watch the backserver study the ticket at length before placing each dish at the table.  When the food is that much at risk of getting cold, you should have more than one person serving. Another thing I cannot forgive is the lobster. From the description and the $44 price, you assume it is a whole lobster. In fact it is a claw and half a tail, the same thing they have as a side dish for $20. The preparation and side dishes were very minimalist, so I'm not sure what that extra twenty four bucks is for. Like I said I expect a certain markup for good food, but you don't have to gouge people quite so egregiously. I started with the lobster bisque, a "house specialty." Not really remarkable, basically what you expect. For entree I had the scallops with chorizo and basquaise sauce. I like each of those things individually, but together they were just fighting in my mouth. Desserts were nothing worth writing about.Food and service are below average for this price level, period. The only thing you can say is that the hotel surroundings are attractive. With so many good restaurants in the area, there's No Excuse for going here. Go to Tarbell's down the street and enjoy a superior experience.
5	Had such an outstanding meal here last night.  Our server Candy was simply outstanding.  We were taking our time and she was great in giving us space while ensuring we had what we needed.  Plus she offered great suggestions.I highly recommend the short rib ravioli, but T. Cook's is one of those places where everything is excellent.Happy dining!
3	Met some friends for brunch at T. Cooks - it was a really nice place.  I am really glad I read the other Yelpers' suggestions before I went.  It is a must to order an entree and get the buffet as an add-on.  That is a no-brainer.  I'm not sure who came up with their pricing for the brunch/entrees, but it was a bit strange - same price to order an entree with the buffet as ordering just the buffet.  Huh.  Anyhow, the banana stuffed french toast was pretty good - a little dry, but good.  One of my other friends ordered the apple and brie french toast - it looked drenched in sauce, but she said it was good.  My other friend ordered the salmon - he liked it, but didn't care for the skin left on the salmon.  The buffet was good if you plan to eat a ton of crab legs and shrimp.  The salads are good, but the selection is very small.  The omelet guy makes a really good omelet.  Other than that, the buffet is somewhat unimpressive.  I should have passed on the buffet.  I mostly enjoy buffets for their delicious desserts, and this dessert spread was completely uninspired.  The creme brulee was not cooked all the way and the cannoli was just okay.   The other desserts were just okay, too - nothing to remember.  So... my suggestion is to just order an entree and skip the buffet, unless you are famished and want to stuff yourself - then, go for it!  It was pricey, so be prepared for the bill! I probably won't go back for awhile to eat.  However, I did stop in the reception for the hotel after brunch and asked to see a casita. They were very accommodating and had a bellman show us a casita room fairly quickly.  The room was nice, but the view was really nice!  The pool areas are very well maintained.  This would be a nice place to come for a romantic weekend get-away.
5	Great eats at this joint. New York strip was awesome! Pear salad was bomb and service was superb. I'll be back march 10th!
3	3 1/2 stars. Delicious.  Was it the best-most watering experience, eh. But was it worth trying, for sure.  We celebrated my husband's birthday here, we were seated on the outside patio.  It was gorgeous, 60s in Jan...gotta love Arizona winters.  We ordered the clam chowder (soup of the day), and it was creamy and flavorful.  I would have enjoyed more clams, but it was good.  The bread is served with a house made pesto sauce.  Pretty good, especially since the bread comes out hot.For entrees, we ordered the Carbonara and Paella.  The Paella for $32 was a very good size.  The shellfish in the dish was delicious, tasted super fresh, almost like right out of the ocean.  The pasta dish was a bit stingy in portion (eat lots of bread if that's the only thing you're ordering...mmm...more carbs.), but the sauce was rich and yummy.   I guess that is was the chef made when he was on Iron Chef.  Overall, great ambiance, beautiful resort and decent food.
4	Have been here both for dinner and lunch.  Spendy, but worth it for dinner.  The lunch crowd is very much the "ladies who lunch" set.  You'll be hard pressed to find a guy in the place, but for dinner you will find larger corporate groups as well as couples wanting some romance in Scottsdale.  Go while the weather holds and you can sit on the patio.  They have some of the best fois gras around.  (Possibly even better than Lon's if you happen to like fois that is).  You'll also see some intimate wedding parties, baby and bridal showers etc in the back rooms.  My favorite is the "library" room.Their desserts are wonderful and I should note that they will also customize cakes for special occasions, and the cakes will rival any bakeries in town.Try not to fill up on the bread, although I always do due to the pesto that is served with it.
4	Great menu choices at the Sunday Brunch.  Buffet, a la Carte or both.Very good service.Only negative was that they let someone smoke a cigar outside at the front entrance and the smell started coming in.
4	I'm a big fan of T. Cook's.  It was my first time there during Spring and I was happy to find I could enjoy happy hour in the courtyard.  It's like a smaller version of the Getty Villa in Malibu.  This place is 5 stars in ambiance.  The menu has changed since my previous review but the food and cocktails were still very good.
5	Get your credit card ready. As long as you go in knowing you may be spending a little more than usual for the nice dinner, you'll be okay. I was staying at The Royal Palms and this was the on-site restaurant. Honestly, it's hard, anywhere, to find a hotel with as good a restaurant as this. Dress nicely. Not that they'll turn you away, but the meal is so good, you almost feel obligated. The interior is beautifully decorated, but the outdoor seating is worth taking advantage of if the weather cooperates. The comfortable cushioned chairs are almost like thrones. The service. Props to my waiter, one of the best I've had in a long time. As someone with nut and peanut allergies, I can't remember the last time I felt this comfortable at a meal. Just watching him at work with other guests too, he wanted to make sure you felt taken care of. Now the food. Panzanella salad with butter toasted brioche, mixed greens, fresh mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes, and basil vinaigrette. Fresh, simple, and rejuvenating. Lovely. Duck a L'Orange with duck breast, leg, and thigh, candied orange, asparagus, thyme fondant potatoes, and traditional sauce. This is one of the best ducks I've ever had. It is also the most generous portion of duck I've had: breast, leg, and thigh! As I was savoring each bite, the waiter came and simply said, "Life is good?" "Life is excellent," I replied. The side of butter-poached lobster sealed the deal. Eclairs to satisfy the sweet tooth and a cappuccino to buy time to soak it all in. It's the kind of meal that is so satisfying that all you want to do is go home and go to bed. There's no point in doing anything the rest of the night since there's no way to top it. An added plus is if you stay at The Royal Palms, your room is a short walk away.
4	I have been to T. Cook's several times over the past few years- both lunch and dinner.  I think it is a beautiful and romantic dining experience.  The food has been well prepared and presented over all of my visits although I would stop short of calling it phenomenal.  I have mixed feelings on the service as I feel that some of the staff come across as a bit superior or condescending which I find  offensive.  Others have been marvelous.  My next goal is to stay at the resort...and have at least one dinner at T. Cook's.
3	I just thought T Cooks was ok food wise/ambience wise. Nothing to get foodgasmic about. As far as patios/food go I would much rather dine at El Choro which I love.  I am not in a rush to eat at T Cooks again, however, my fiance did propose to me after dinner in February at Royal Palms after eating at T Cooks. We were walking the grounds and found a "private patio" and the bf popped the question. in the middle of the proposal a server came out and asked if we were part of the wedding party...I am not a good liar so I said no, so we nicely got booted...dude you are interrupting a moment here..anyway we continued with part 2 of the proposal somewhere else on the resort grounds..:)
4	I had the best experience with breakfast. The ambiance- excellent- the reason I am coming back and can have a 5 hour dinner. The service- pretty goodThe food- from "ok" to "really good"  (but not the best)I recently had an over saltet paella. Great for happy hour, not sure about the quality.. if you want something light - there are not many options. Not good if you are on gluten free, grain free diet.Dinner/ full menu  has more options for something light. Secluded and luxurious - a great hideaway from a crazy, busy world  :)
4	I'm not lowering my rating (yet) but was very disappointed in the service during my recent visit.  Most of the service came, not from our waitress, but from the waitress in the adjoining section.  At the end of the evening we had to have a manager find our waitress to get our check.
2	Today was my third visit to the restaurant. Today is also the first time in my life I left an establishment after being seated. If I were alone, I'd be probably waiting for service still. But it was my mother's birthday, so after waiting to be seated in a line of elderly people and getting absolute zero attention after 20 minutes at the table, we all got up and left. The food there is good, if somewhat old-fashioned. The service is anywhere from poor to absent.
3	Beautiful place, romantic ambience!  Food, not so much.  Rib ravioli was a bit dry when u first bite into it.  The carbonara dish was so rich yet nothing special in terms of flavor profile at all.  Maybe it's better to only have a drink there in stead of a big meal.
1	I am currently staying at the Royal Palms.  The hotel is wonderful.  Beautiful setting.  I love the Spanish villa type architecture, however T Cook is shockingly awful.  I have hoped for wonderful meals at this nice restaurant but everything I've tried has been a tremendous disappointment.  Anyone who thinks they are going to get decadent food at this extremely expensive hotel will be hugely disappointed.  F-.  Outrageously disappointing.  WTF.
3	I been there several times and was never disappointed before. My last visit everything was great until my wife received  her order of lamb with risotto, unfortunately the risotto was undercooked and after her mentioning that the waiter did take plate back to the kitchen.A new plate was returned in around 4 min, basically it looked like they took the risotto from the old plate and reheated it. It  was really unappetizing. I think waiter and manager knew there was an issue because when looking at my wife, they offered to give a different item from the menu right a way. Even though my experience this time was disappointing, I think it was entirely the chefs issue and not the front of the house as they handled issue at best they could. Considering I went there for food at this time cant give more than 3 starts.
5	We went here for me and my husbands 3 year anniversary. He had the salmon and I had the lobster, scallops, shrimp. The ambiance is so romantic and the service is amazing. The food was delicious and so fresh. We would definitely come back again for a special occasion. The live jazz music was awesome too! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!
1	This used to be my favorite restaurant for special occasions.  Such a dissapointment when we went there in July for our anniversary.  Service was just teriible.  So understaffed.  My fish was overcooked and no apology made when I had it sent back.  I used to just love this restaurant - all the history and fine service  Not anymore.  The matredee stood at his desk gossiping with 2 friends while we waited and waited to be acknowledged.  Sad......this used to be one of the best.
4	Have had amazing meals here. Lobster Bisque is as good as it gets.
5	T Cooks is my favorite Happy Hour in the area. For reals. I want to go there right now. My boyfriend and I somewhat arrived on accident one night, only to realize that I have been missing the best happy hour ever! We have been back many times since, and I try to recommend it to all my girlfriends. Its part of the Palm Hotel, so obviously its beautiful, elegant, comfortable and more.  They have a lovely inside bar and live music sometimes too.  But my favorite spot to sit is the beautiful outside patio, especially now, as the weather here is amazing. So they have super fancy smancy cocktail list, which is all 50% off  during happy hour.  They also have awesome discounted appetizers. We had the pretzel bites with cheese and grilled brie.  But the best night to go is Monday night for Mustache Monday.  They have even more discounted cocktails with names like "The Ron Burgundy and Fu-Manchu".  Also - fake mustaches. So fun!Connie is awesome, she is super cute and has been our server a few times now. Always spot on with recommendations and even comped us a few drinks when the service was slow. Little did she know that I love T Cooks despite anything!
3	It was that time of year again, and I have to say that I'm still somewhat unimpressed. This place has such great potential, but its face just seems to keep writing a check that your stomach can't check. The devil is in the details, and for some reason, the details all fall short here. Its not that the food is bad...its quite good, actually. But for the price you pay, it should be perfect, not "quite good". Specifically, every bit of cooked meat that was offered was over-cooked and dry. Homemade chicken sausage looked delicious, but was nearly flavorless and seriously, I think I could get a more moist piece of chicken cooking it in the microwave. The fresh grill was lamb, which I love. Again, very very dry. That just sucks.And again, as with my last review from a year ago, if I'm spending the extra money on an entree, don't then give me an item on my plate that is readily available on the buffet that is included in the price. That makes me feel ripped off, and that your chefs are just plain lazy.So, for not fixing anything in the last year, I'm demoting this place by a star. I did, however like the new buffet and menu items. And, as always, the staff was friendly and attentive, professional and unobtrusive. Keep that up, but fix the stupid shit please! See you in a year.
2	Thanksgiving dinner at $75 per head was very disappointing last evening.  The food was just average at best.  The food was bland and uninspired.  We will not return here.
2	Last night we went to spend the $150 gift certificate our daughter gave us a year ago---was not that excited to go.  Had eaten here a few times in the past but was never very impressed with the food.  And thanks to the reviews on Yelp still wasn't keen on going.  We went early to enjoy the happy hour which some had raved about.  I ordered the house martini, a vodka I had never heard of and surprisingly it was ok.  We had the tuna etutanesca, a "seared" tuna--it WAS NOT seared but tasty, the edamame, good, and the pretzel bites with a cold cheese fondue which had to be sent back to be warmed.  Wine selection is not good---when Mirasou is on the wine menu at such an upscale restaurant you have to wonder---at least I did.  Wasn't really hungry but decided to have dinner anyway to use up the certificate.  We started with Lobster Bisque, HORRIBLE!--wrong color, did not taste any lobster and the garnish was mussel I believe.  Wanted the grilled peach salad--no peaches available--so shared the Asian Pear Salad, and still had some left over.  It was ok.  We also shared the Carbonara, tasty.  I finished off with the gelato and coffee ---good.  So with tips and the food we ended up spending $15.00 out of pocket.  I love the atmosphere but definitely will not be going back on my dime.
3	I do love to frequent the resorts for Sunday buffett and wanted to try something new so we decided to go to T. Cook's.  Pulling up to the Royal Palms, you are immediately engulfed in a different world, one of serenity and pure bliss.  We got to T. Cooks and our friends were on the patio.  It was a beautiful day to enjoy the wonderful Phoenix weather.  Immediately we were greated by Brad one of the nicest most friendly and accomodating servers I have ever encountered.  He was constantly provided high level service without being intrusive.  He made sure we were well tended to.  If it were him and service alone, this place would get a 10 star.  Now the food. Prices are reasonable for a resort.  Our table got the Pot Roast, Eggs Benedict on Foccaccia bread and the Red Velvet French Toast.  I would say 2/4 of us were happy with our food.  The french toast was a bit burned and didn't really taste like much.  The eggs benedict was good however a very small portion. Overall it wasn't bad but probably will never go back for brunch.  I hear the happy hour is good?!?
3	This past weekend we stayed at the Royal Palms....a beautiful place in Scottsdale.  Their restaurant certainly matched the ambience of the resort.  Dark, warm decor, rustic feel.  We were dining in a large group, so that may have knocked a star off my review, but I felt that for the level of the resort the restaurant was fair, not great.  We had the lobster bisque for starters, and it was ok....not a standout compared to others I have had.  My wife had the lobster tortellini and it was again good, not great....although the presentation was artful, it just lacked any wow factor in spicing, texture or even the basic preparation of the lobster (slightly overdone, not as succulent as it should have been).   I had the 21 day dry aged ribeye.  It was pretty good, cooked perfectly, but was a bit pricey.  The ribeye came with truffled grits and hamakua mushrooms which were ok.  There are better picks in nearby downtown Scottsdale, but if you enjoying this beautiful resort and don't feel like driving you can get a good dinner here.
4	Very quaint and romantic restaurant. The food is always innovative and always delicious! I love going in the Summer when they have 3-course prix-fix menus.
5	We had lunch at T Cooks twice this weekend.  I wanted to visit the second time simply to confirm that it was as good as the first time.  Beautiful ambience, excellent food and service, this place has it all. I had the winter pear salad and the crispy salmon.  We also ordered the lobster bisque and the chicken salad sandwich.  We each ordered a flight of wines, which is a bargain at $25 and highly recommended.  We shared the dessert tasting (your choice of three small desserts for $8).  They also have a cozy little chef's table for two. T Cook's was the highlight of our weekend in Phoenix!
5	truely one of the best places to eat and celebrate a special occasion
3	There's been a long search far and wide for a Phoenix area breakfast brunch, and this was one of the places we've been eyeing for awhile. We figured anything that includes crab and shrimp on their menu had to be a pretty legit buffet, especially when you just dropped $500 to stay the night at Royal Palms Resort. There are several options for the buffet. It starts at 10am. The website said that for $33 a person you get the buffet which included the seafood, omelet station, assorted pastas, salads, and desserts. I honestly thought there would be a meat carving station, but Alas! There was not. If you get Buffet Option 2, you can have the buffet for $23 PLUS the price of a regular entree item. The waiter explained this to me 3 times. Possibly even 4 times...Almost to the point, where I wanted to say, "OKAY! OKAY! I GET IT!!!" He sensed my frustration and said that there had been misunderstandings before and he just wanted to make it clear. I understand too... my hubby were wearing workout type clothes since we had stayed the night on a whim and should've brought nicer attire for this brunch I guess... Regardless, my hubby did Option 1, the regular buffet, while I did Option 2 that was the buffet PLUS an entree.The item that made Option 2 worth it to me was the Red Velvet French Toast. I absolutely adored this dish. Of course, it was sweet as sweet can be. The chocolate and maple syrup that came with this French Toast just made it "all the more decadent." Had I known that I'd love this dish so much, I would've gotten Breakfast Option #3... Entree only.The buffet itself was okay. Things I thoroughly enjoyed:Mini flatbread pizza margheritta type slices drizzled with a Balsamic? vinegarette.Buffalo chicken, blue cheese, and celery salad. Very clever take on football appetizer on the day of the Superbowl, the morning we ate there!Omelet Station - overall pretty good. But even though the menu bragged Prosciutto as one of the omelet items - it was not available, so I went for ham...Panna Cotta dessert - rich and perfect textureTiramisu - good stuffPistachio dessert - it wasn't a cake but it wasn't a mousse either. It was hard to explain but perfection in every way!We did not like the crab and shrimp station. The crab and shrimp had no flavor whatsoever, not even a seafood one. I might as well have been eating lumpy ice. Maybe that was the flavor? Freezer burn perhaps? I didn't even eat the shrimp ceviche either, because it seemed like the same crab and shrimp served plain. Usually I love crab and shrimp. There's a crab and seafood buffet in Portland, Oregon called Salty's that practically killed me because I swear I've eaten nearly 4-5lbs in crab alone, so trust me! I am not that picky about crab and shrimp. We were just so sad that it was so plain, especially at a 4 1/2-5 star resort.
1	I went to this place for a special occasion.  The waiter was noticeably trying to run the bill up.  I kept trying to keep the bill down.  It was a very strange experience.  The fish was ok but very salty.  I would not go back under any circumstances.
3	What an average dinner.T Cooks is in a beautiful hotel and has a great atmosphere. Not much else to offer. As a disclaimer, I had fairly high expectations considering the caliber of restaurant. The salads were mediocre at best. For the meal, I had the filet which had to be one of the worst filets I've ever had. My coworkers had the bison ribeye, and said it was good, probably would recommend that if you do go to the restaurant. One bright spot - the marscapone mashed potatoes, some of the best mashed potatoes I have ever had.The dessert was seriously lacking. I had a layer cake with peanut butter in it, I seriously thought that it came out of a Hostess box (no offense to Twinkies), it was the most bland and uninspiring dessert I have had in a long time. One coworker had a banana dessert that looked great, but no guarantees....Lastly, they just redid their wine list, eliminating many of the upper end wines. Not that I'm a frequenter of the Reserve List, but if you're going for a special occasion or on a business dinner, you'll be out of luck. If you are staying at the Royal Palms, it is convenient. But I wouldn't venture more than a mile to eat here.
5	This place never disappoints!
4	Beau and I Indulged a Friday evening here with a nicely paced meal of cod and duck/ pork belly. The latter was the chef's special and the tasty dish had nice presentation and a generous serving of duck. My order of the cod was ok; the white asparagus was too a la dente for my liking but the fish was cooked perfectly. We enjoyed a moderately priced bottle of red.  Service was excellent. THEN we went to the lounge and swung to 3 sets of sassy jazz with Renee Patrick. Lounge is always great people watching and folks may have mused as we slowly, totally unwound to the music and jive. Thank you T Cooks for a musical evening, that is a routine offering with their weekend dining. Thank you Ms Patrick for the enormous set of lungs.
1	John S, I appreciate your interest in making people think T Cooks is a great place, and I also appreciate your attempt to get me back in to waste money.  However, I just explained that your waiter was trying to run up the bill and your food was salty.  And your response was "sorry...hope you come back.". Well sorry John S, not good enough. I am actively encouraging others to avoid your restaurant.  At your prices, you should know better.
5	We just visited here for our 5th anniversary and we are impressed. I had the cod and my husband had steak. He said his steak was cooked perfectly but a little cold. My fish and mashed potatoes were perfect. The wine was excellent and we enjoyed the banana dessert we had. The server was EXCELLENT and my husband commented that she was the BEST server he's ever had. She was friendly, courteous, and timely in meeting our needs. She even even gave us a candle and Happy Anniversary message on dessert. It was an excellent dining experience. Worth the hefty price you're pay.Next time we'll have to stay and visit the lounge.
5	Tucked away inside the Royal Palms Resort, this restaurant is a favorite place of mine for lunch.  I meet clients here often because it offers a high quality experience in an upscale setting, perfect for getting business done.I usually valet park at the front drive and it's a short walk to the restaurant.  My go to item on the lunch menu is the T-Cook's Burger, $14.  The Burger is tasty and filling....large portion.  Most impressive though is the service.  They really take good care of you here....lunch service feels like dinner service, top notch.As long as my clients continue to enjoy this place, I will keep coming back.Return Factor - 100%
2	It was my father-in-law's birthday, one of those big milestone birthdays, and he chose to have the family take him to dinner at T Cook's.T Cook's is recommended a lot in the foodie blogs, often along with Kai and Binkley's.   I haven't had dinner there in probably 10 years or more so was looking forward to trying their current menu.The wine list is awfully good and as you would expect, the prices reflect it, though I was able to get a very good reasonably priced bottle of Cab which would go well with the lamb I and a few others planned to order...which turned into 2 bottles.Here's where the experience started going off the rails.  T Cook's has a pretty short entree menu.  They ran out of the lamb, leaving only 8 other entrees to choose from.  There were no specials.  I asked the waitress for a recommendation and she suggested the pappardelle.  What arrived looked nothing like the menu's description.  Where were the morels?  What are these peas doing in here?  And I'm just an ignorant Phoenician, but this thick doughy slab bears no resemblance to any pappardelle I've ever had...or even pasta.  The person sitting to my left, a cultured gentleman with impeccable manners, ordered it too saying it looked to be a dish that would say a lot about the chef.  He politely dubbed it "interesting".The Birthday Boy deemed the cod watery.  Being a fish, watery could be a virtue, but I don't think he meant it that way.  The other meals were deemed good, but at these prices I would have expected at least one person at the table to be rolling their eyes in their head and moaning.Dessert was the point where I figured I may as well take out every dollar in my wallet and set them afire.  At least I get some entertainment and warmth from the fire; not disappointment then embarrassment.  The waitress eavesdropped on us to find out just how old our guest of honor was turning that day, a number I deliberately had not shared with the restaurant out of respect for the Birthday Boy who really didn't want to hear it.  When it came time to sing Happy Birthday, there was a complimentary dessert placed in front of him with his age piped in large chocolate numbers on the plate for all to see.  Ugh.  Cringe.  What other words can I insert here to convey the utter embarrassment?I am a dessert eater. Scratch that - I will eat my dessert and most of everyone else's at the table.  No kidding.  Not tonight.  These desserts were the kind that are little bits of something I can't recognize all over the plate, but none of them satisfy my sweet tooth.  Can't remember the last time I didn't like my dessert.  Kind of made me want to cry.We and the Birthday Boy forced ourselves to have a good time in spite of everything.  Then we forced ourselves to pay the $700 bill, along with the tip they forced onto it.
5	First time at T. Cooks for brunch was amazing. Rebecca was great, we will definitely go back to see her and enjoy the food!
4	We have a monthly dinner group that gets together to try out new restaurants and this was our first time at T Cooks. We received the cold shoulder from the hostess when we first walked in, which concerned me, but that is an easy thing to fix with training. I think she was stressed because they had 2 weddings going on that day and the bar was packed.  As far as food is concerned, this place is a culinary delight! The service and food were amazing. I had the mussel starter, sooooo good. Cheesy toasted bread with chorizo broth and the biggest mussels I have ever seen!!!  The husband had the lobster bisque and it was rich, creamy and topped with a flavorful foam. For the main course I had the scallops with seared foie gras and have been dreaming about them ever since. The halibut was a wonderful combination of flavored and was super fresh. The lamb was delicious, but the side didn't work wi the flavor profile. The candy bar dessert was delicious and the serving of gelato was huge! We were a party of 6 and they didn't rush us through the dining experience. Aside from the greeting, it was a lovely dining experience and we will definitely return!
5	Amazing Mothers Day brunch today! I can't say enough great things about our experience here today. The food was amazing, the staff was FIVE STAR and my wife couldn't be happier! Live music this morning during brunch was awesome. THANKS ROYAL PALMS!
4	We took my mother-in-law and father-in-law here to celebrate Mother's Day.  We had a lovely dinner.  I had the mussels as an appetizer and they were just as good as the first time I had them.  The rest of the party had the heirloom tomato salad with fennel which was yummy.  I ordered the halibut for my entree and it was awesome.  My mother-in-law got the scallops and enjoyed them.  My husband and father-in-law both had the lamb and said it was delicious.  For dessert we had the Royal Bar, Banana's Foster Upsidedown Cake, Creme Brulee and gelato.  They were delicious.  My only complaint is that they keep sitting us by the door to the patio - next time I will request a different table.  The hostess was very pleasant this time though.
2	We have eaten at T.Cook's several times and have never been dissappointed. This time the food was not up to par. The sweetbreads were little hard nuggets and the ribeye, which was ordered medium rare was either well done or medium. On the plus side the servers were pleasant and explained the menu well. It's not their fault that the food did not live up to the description
5	By far THE best cucumber martini around. Very light & fresh. The only thing that would make it better is if they would put a thin slice of cucumber on top instead of a wedge of lime.
4	We were visiting an old friend in Scottsdale who recommended we meet here for dinner. When we arrived we were informed by the valet that the restaurant was closed for remodeling, but that they had set up a temporary location in another space.We weren't sure what to expect, but I'm so glad we decided to stay and give it a try! The location they were using was absolutely charming. Our waiter was so attentive and engaging. The food was beautifully prepared and plated. We each ordered a different entree and they were all excellent. This is definitely a restaurant I would return to.
3	if you don't want to read the review here is the shortcut: food was wonderful, everything else was disappointing. Brought my mother-in-law for a brunch here with a plan to indulge, try as much of the new menu as possible, get her spoiled, get her pampered...as she deserves :) We have started sampling right away with 2 different specialty cocktails, moved to 2 different appetizers and 2 different entrees ... obviously we were there to stay for a while and to really enjoy. Food wonderful, service OK.... we were just starting to contemplate a sweet finish when the bomb arrived: "Here is your check ladies!"... we have literally just put our silverware down and the check was there already without anybody checking if there is anything else we might consider... I was so surprised that all I can say was..."well, I would still like at least a coffee". Purposefully I gave the waiter my CC right away (to the bill that he so promptly brought)... wondering how are they going to handle the "additional cup of coffee". The  waiter came and started to pour coffee to my mother-in-law, she stopped him, clarifying that she did not order any. My cup was filled... and again very shortly after  - to my surprise  - a new bill arrived (I have to admit I was totally expecting to have the cup of coffee complimentary -  after I have expressed my surprise of an early bill arrival) - well I was surprised even more when there were 2 coffees charge to my bill. I have decided to just go with it - payed my bill and left. Also the new decor though very sleek and elegant, but can be found in any other new modern hotel (Westin style) - not reflecting the historical & cozy feel - that Royal Palms as a AZ landmark so uniquely represented. Multiple shades of brown and beige, no other color (remember the signature orange walls and the map on the wall in the bar with libraries filled with old books  -  making it one of my favorite spots in PHX - gone).  The only nice touch are iron wall dividers filled with candles and the "smoking room" still holds the "old charm". The bar enlarged (good move), but very mundane again - nothing to remind you that you are in one of AZ oldest mansions.... just another dark wood elegant bar you can find in any new elegant hotel.
3	We had dinner last tnight at the newly renovated T Cooks, We have gone there for years, was very disappointed in the remodel. All the charm of the original was gone. Looks just like any other chain resort. The most disappointing was the cheaplooking beams installed in the celing it look like a Howard Johnsons, very tacky, the beautiful tiles in the ladies room were all gone replace with everyday modern tiles. Not only was the decor and  atmosphere a disapointment. The food was worse,  things like vension and antolope really. We had the filet  and rosamary chicken  both very bland, even desert was not exciting.I am sorry this was my favorite place in PHX. But never more.
5	I never have a bad meal at T Cook's.  The service is always excellent and the food is fabulous. They just reworked their interior. Very nice, but still in line with the Mexican/Spanish adobe feel.  I truly enjoyed the Corn & Lobster Angliotti.
4	Last week I went to T. Cooks during Restaurant Week. Since then I've struggled with how to approach this review. There have been 3 or 4 drafts written and all scrapped. I think the best way to get after this one is to break it into sections. The Resort:For those who don't know, T. Cooks is located inside the Royal Palms right at the base of Camelback Mountain. It's hard to beat this location. There are beautiful views. The resort itself is very nice as well. It has an older Spanish Colonial feel. And the grounds have lush landscaping so it actually feels like you escape the city for a little while. I have never stayed at the resort or used any of their spa services, thus cannot advise. The Service:It's excellent. The people were friendly from the valet, to the hosts and our server. Top notch. The Food:Very good. I had the Corn Bisque which was the best I have ever had. The Beef Tenderloin which was cooked perfectly and the Maple Custard for dessert. The custard was interesting, not something I would want regularly because of the texture. I had to break through the top of it with the spoon with each bite.  It felt like I was breaking through the membrane of something, and weirded me out.  The flavor was good though once I got past the psychological aspect. The Feel of the Environment:T.Cooks is not for the meek walleted, and it feels that way... to ME anyway. I got a bit of a hoity-toity vibe from the place. There were people in jackets and dressed up. Some had a haughtiness about them. That's not my kind of scene. In the previous drafts of this review I couldn't figure out how to communicate this without sounding like an over-all wearing, tobacco chewing, mountain man. Hopefully I've succeeded in avoiding this in some capacity. Although, I'm truly just a couple showers and beard trims away from being that guy.Conclusion:T. Cooks is a really nice restaurant. However, I'm on the cheaper side of the aisle, and wouldn't want to spend as much as I did this night ($170 for two people), on the regular. For me, if anything, this would be a special occasion place.
5	This continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area.After being closed for the past few months, T Cooks has reopened, freshened up and with a new chef crafting some pretty tasty food.The bar continues tone a great place to catch up with friends, listen to live music most days of the week, and to sip some pretty darn good Martinis!And on this visit, we were seated outside at a intimate table for two on what can only be described as a perfect night.  After dinner- we took our port to the "Nook" to watch the fire and enjoy its sweet taste.  They have a port tasting flight which allows you to taste 4 different ports for a reasonable price.The new menu still has some game on it but on this night I had a wonderful salad with Carmelized pecans and the grouper over beans.  And my dining companion had the ragout which was quite tasty and interesting.We also had Sunday brunch here on the back patio which, while not a buffet, was quite good with a robust menu meant to satisfy.  I had an omelet with pancetta and mushrooms that was quite good and they kept my coffee cup filled.The staff is terrific ( the hostess even remembered us and welcomed us back) and the locals are friendly and welcoming ( just grab a seat at the bar and trust me- you won't be alone for long!)T Cooks continues to be a destination for me as I love the service and the atmosphere!
5	Outstanding food and service.  Went in April while we were staying at the resort and am still thinking about my meal.  A slam dunk for my husband and I as he loves meat and I am a vegetarian and it is tricky to find a fine dining establishment that will create a real entree for a vegetarian (as opposed to a pasta dish or clumping 3 sides together).   The chef completely created a customized dish for me that included morel mushrooms.  It was divine!  My husband loved his as well.  Server was really personable and nice.  This really was a 5 star experience.
3	There were some hits & misses, but I will definitely be back.The remodel/update was needed, and looks beautiful. I feel that the rich fabrics, large upholstered seating, warm lighting & tile work are all in line with the classic, old-timey mediterranean / Spanish vibe.Starters:The sweet corn bisque with huitlacoche is off the charts delicious.  It is a must-have. I can't wait to go back, and have it again. I found the lobster angliotti to be a bit underwhelming. I thought the the combination of a very soft stuffing to the soft and slippery pasta wonton to be unpleasant, while the lobster was chewy. Still, the flavors were interesting. Sides:Risotto with brocolli rabe was nothing to write home about. The presentation was poor, and the texture & flavors unenjoyable. Main Course:My husband had the antelope cooked medium rare. It was a first for both of us. We absolutely loved it! The flavor & texture were so fantastic! They did a beautiful job with the sides, and cooking the meat to the perfect temperature. My dish on the other hand, the black grouper was a huge disappointment. I don't see how this ever made it's way to the menu. It was over cooked & tough on the outside, but the inside was raw. It was sitting in a fishy bean soup. The beans were undercooked, and the flavor was not the good flavor of the ocean, but simply terribly fishy.Dessert:Chocolate Pate and Peanut Butter Chocolate Bar. I'm just going to say, WOWZERS!
2	Out with the new, in with the old.Took my girlfriend for her birthday. Outdoor seating continues to be romantic. Appetizer (Spanish octopus) was first disappointment with more to come. The Bream, a fish served whole, was de-boned by the server at the table with appx 70% of the bones left in the serving. Service was very slow and inattentive, perhaps due to a busy evening or just not enough staff. In sum, a wonderful setting marred by mediocre and high-priced food. Bring back the old T. Cook's.
3	Well can't say it was a "wow" experience - sadly.  As local stay-cation guests at the hotel we arrived for our reservation on time to find that we had to wait 15 minutes for a table when in fact the restaurant wasn't busy.  We got seated outdoors - absolutely beautiful and a romantic ambiance for sure!  We ordered the cheese/meat platter for an appetizer to start - it was very good.  We waited a long time between each portion of the dinner to be served; too long as I lost my hunger and desire to eat by the time our entres arrived.  The salad was basic - apples walnuts and greens; nothing special.  My husband ordered the scallop dinner and I the duck.  The scallops were fair, they were barely warm and gritty which was a disappointment.  The short rib ravioli that accompanied the scallops were dry and not very tasty.  My duck was overcooked which I could deal with however the cabbage that it was served with was not a delight - there was raw garlic shavings mixed in and added quite the bite of flavor in not a pleasant way.  We did enjoy the homemade chocolate ice cream for dessert.  Overall, the ambiance was wonderful but the food and timing of courses has a long way to go to compete with other fine and delicious local restaurants close by!  The price of the food was expensive based on the quality served.
4	We were recently in Phoenix for a business conference with limited free time. We chose to spend one of our few free nights at T.Cook's restaurant. We chose it because Fodor's travel book on Arizona recommended it for it's dramatic views of the Camelback Mountain, romantic atmosphere and delicious food. It was romantic and the food was delicious but this Georgia girl was very disappointed in the view- or lack there of. We were seated outside in the back. Our view was of an outdoor fireplace and a brick wall enclosing the space. But I suppose what the view lacked, the food made up for. The butternut squash soup was creamy with just the right amount of spice. I tried antelope for the first time. It was delicious, tender and flavorful. A bit pricey but worth it! They also had a nice wine selection. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and prompt. An expensive dinner but worth it for a special occasion.
3	First they tried to sit us right in front of the kitchen door- I'm not one to sit in the muddle of traffic, then they suggested to sit us next to the patio door so every time someone came in from the patio, the door would hit the back of the chair. We finally sat outside under the heater in the beautiful patio garden. We ordered the charcuterie - wonderful, great selections of meats & cheeses!  They have a new chef, so the menu has changed. I had the salmon, it was ok, my husband had the sea scallops, very good and our friend ordered the antelope, ( not what I would have picked), he said it was  average .Our server was Daniel , who I thought did a fine job!  Overall it wasn't quite fine dinning, but working its way back up there. Beautiful patio!
5	An exquisite Thanksgiving Dinner in a beautiful setting! A great Rhone wine to accompany it all.
5	We had a fabulous lunch for four today at T. Cooks and I can't rave enough about the food and the excellent service.  The four of us tried lots of lunch dishes and then passed portions around to share. Yum to everything.  T. Cooks has always been our go to special event place and this experience was another triumph.
2	Had a decent experience here for my fiance's birthday. We loved the ambiance, but our service was not good. Our server took forever to come to our table, and about half of what we ordered got messed up. Then when they brought out the dessert, they wrote the wrong name on it. I received a call from the manager the following week, and he apologized and said he was going to send us something. He never did. It's been 10 months.
4	Visited during restaurant week. Very happy with the selection on the menu. Everything was delicious (especially the corn bisque) and our server was wonderful! The atmosphere is always beautiful. The vibe is definitely "old money". I also enjoy happy hour at the mix up bar down the hall.
5	We had a 60th anniversary celebration for my in-laws at T Cook's last Saturday night.  They seated us (party of 9, ranging in age from 24 to 80+) in the private room.  Michael was our waiter.  It was absolutely a fantastic experience.  The service was really attentive and polite, but Michael (and the others) also recognized when to remain on the sidelines when people were "making speeches" and otherwise honoring the senior guests.  The food was great....our party ordered everything from the antelope to the "loup de mer," and it was all just as ordered.  It's really a creative menu.  Michael did a good job in selecting wines (and lots of it) that were really good, but not bank-breaking.T Cook's is not inexpensive, but the prices and the quality match as well as anyplace in town.  It was a great experience all the way around.  Thank you, T Cook's and Michael and the rest of the staff.  We have celebrated many special occasions with you, and it's always first-rate.
5	Hard to say exactly what you should order, but i've eaten here 5+ times, all three meals.  the service has always been superb.  We typically eat here when we stay at Royal Palms, so having a $50 meal credit softens the blow.  Dinner IS pricey...Presentation is obviously big here.  Portion sizes are just right.  you won't be stuffed...you will have room for 3 courses.  I generally order something unique here.  not your typical "filet"...go to Donovan's or Dominick's for that.  I think entree's are best.  Apps/soups are #2.  Dessert usually isn't the best part of the meal here.  they almost try too hard with the desserts.  they need to find a couple staples for dessert and make them home runs...i just haven't found that (yet).Beet salad.  butternut squash soup.  antelope.  lamb.  scallops.  all winners.  enjoy
3	The atmosphere is warm and pleasant. Nice patio with heaters if it's even a little cool. Lots of plants outside and a nice fireplace in the main dining room.The crowd tends to be on the mature side.The service is good and friendly,  7 out of 10.The food is pricey. The wine list is extensive,  but possibly the most overpriced. Try the $20 wine sampler - 3 half glassesof your choice. The lobster bisque was a little bitter for my taste but my petite wife loved hers and finished mine.  The $45 new york strip was ordered medium rare and came out medium, same is true for my wife's beef tenderloin. The presentation was very nice. Despite it being overcooked, it was delicious with a good medley of flavors. Overall,  it was good but I'd go elsewhere for the money.
5	My husband and I got engaged here a few years ago, we celebrate our anniversary here every year, and each year it has been amazing and has gotten better. This year, was by far, the best year yet. The new chef is amazing, far better than the previous one. The food pairings are amazing, never had foods that went so well together. Our waiter was great, he knew the menu and suggested amazing dishes. The dishes are on the smaller side, but that is so you can have a full 3 course meal. I'm not big on trying new things, but this is the only place that I will try something new. Love coming out here, the atmosphere is impeccable, the singer the bar had, was not loud, she was singing at a very reasonable, soft level that made the experience that more enjoyable.I personally think the quality of food is worth the prices. I know that this isn't your Mimi's or Taco Bell, this is a nice, fancy place that we go to once or twice a year, so we don't mind forking over the cash :)
3	I don't now what's wrong with this place. But I'm unfortunately has several bed experiences with food or with service, last time service was excellent but we had issue with food, this time food was great but waiter forgot one order, then we have to call him twice and eventually involve manager to get our check. Restaurant of this class should have more consistent service. This is why from me it's remain only 3 stars
5	I have dined here multiple times since Chef Paul McCabe has been heading up the kitchen.  It is consistently fabulous and exciting cuisine. The  major complaints I have about the dining scene in Phoenix/Scottsdale is consistency and innovation.  This is NOT the case at T Cooks, it is definitely bringing exciting things to the Phoenix!  Every meal, and every aspect of the dining experience has been stellar each time I have been.  The food is exciting, inspired and executed perfectly each time.  The octopus is the best preparation I have ever had.  The venison tartare and sea bass crudo are some of my favorites as well.  I can never resist ordering the antelope either.  This menu is stacked with some winners for sure!  The Service is first class as well.  You can tell the staff is informed, and an excited part of a culinary team.  They truly are top notch, without being stuffy. This is new T Cook's is so much improved from the former version - you can't even compare the two.  Still beautiful and classy, but now with innovative 5 star cuisine as well. If you are lucky enough to be able to dine at T Cooks on Wednesday they offer a true culinary adventure called #PM31. Definitely call ahead to make reservations - there are limited seats available. We were fortunate enough to enjoy it last night.  It is a world class experience.  It is a 12 or so course tasting menu based around the chef's inspiration and passion.  It's always changing.  This was one of the most special and FABULOUS dining experiences I have ever had.  It was truly a special experience and orchestrated to perfection.  It was exciting, innovative, playful, and as I said before, inspired .  And most importantly each course delivered!!!!  This is an experience NOT to be missed.  I will attach some photos.  Whether it be just going out to dinner or another adventure from #PM31 - I can't wait to visit T cooks again and see what they have in store.
5	T. Cooks at the Royal Palm, is all about Old Phoenix and old money......  the new rich just don't get it (you wont see any Kardashians in here.)Fine food, excellent service, western hospitality and old-world Spanish charm.The staff here could not be nicer. There is an air of graciousness and calm here, a feeling that all is well with the world. I love the willdly romantic and dreamlike atmosphere at The Royal Palm and the dining experience at T. Cooks is a beautiful event.
4	Service A+. Food B-. There was beautiful seating outside next to the herb garden. I had the ribeye topped with Dungeness Crab on a bed of mushrooms and bacon. The steak was ok however; the mushrooms were amazing. My wife had the sea bass which was less than stellar. I gave the overall rating four stars, but the food honestly was about three stars.
3	Mother's Day brunch. Short rib and Salmon both expertly prepared and fabulous. Large chilled shrimp and crab claws fantastic. All good but way overpriced. Will look elsewhere going forward.
3	Two nights ago my brothers and I took our mom here to celebrate Mother's Day. We were aware of the high reputation of the restaurant so we knew this was a great way to treat our mother. The restaurant is very lovely, and for the staff alone I would go there again as they were really courteous. However, our service was really disappointing. We ordered our food at 7:30 but didn't even get the bread until almost 9, and that was after asking our waiter twice when we could expect our food. Finally the bread came out, and after another ten minutes our main course came out.  The only problem was that they completely left my order off the ticket. It was another 10-15 minutes before my meal arrived, making my wait time well over an hour.  However, all issues aside, the Bass I had was incredible and well worth the price of $30. On the plus side, they were embarrassed by their poor service, so they gave us free dessert and took 25% off our whole tab.
5	What a wonderful way to spend Mother's Day! It was a delicious brunch with a wonderful spread. It was nice that we could immediately enjoy the top notch buffet and also enjoy a made to order entree. Our waiter Paul was absolutely amazing. He paid extra attention to make sure my mimosas were replaced as needed  we had our newborn, toddler and 9 year old with us so he had his hands full and he was just amazing throughout out service. Hoping  this is our new Mother's Day tradition.
5	I loved everything about our evening here.  My Hubby brought me as a Mother's day gift.  Everything was amazing.  The beautiful resort really made it special.  The food was outstanding.  The service was perfect.  We ordered the bison tar tar, and I really loved it.  The portion was huge, we couldn't finish it.  I had a martinez, it was made great! I had the short ribs with bone marrow and my Hubby had the chicken with sausage.  I loved my meal, it had so many flavors, the vanilla onions took it to another level, and the marrow, wow! I tasted my Hubby's meal and it was very good.  I would say we would chose something else next time, but it was still great.  The sausage was not that good.  We also had the chocolate dessert, I would pass on this next time. The cake was not my thing and part of the flavor wasn't what I dream of when I dream chocolate dreams :) I would love to try the apple fritters maybe.  I am excited to go back also because they give you a surprise gift you open on your next visit...  I can't wait to come back and just happy hour it, the bar was beautiful and the music was so impressive.
5	Came here a few years ago and the food was great. Now we are back and the renovation is awesome and the food is still just as good! I recommend the risotto and the short braised ribs. If you happen to come when it's not too hot, sit outside and enjoy the beautiful landscapes that this resort offers. The outside eating area has misters to keep you cool.
5	We tried T Cook's during restaurant week - the menu was interesting (who wants to pay money for something they could prepare at home) and the service from the moment we arrived was excellent! If you are a "foodie" - this restaurant is a MUST!!! The food was "mouthgasmic" - the flavors were incredible - truly delicious! Our server, Robert, suggested the perfect bottle of wine and timed the arrival of our courses perfectly - he was knowledgeable and friendly - overall excellent job! The restaurant is gorgeous - very romantic, not to mention strolling the grounds of the Royal Palms is a must - BEAUTIFUL ...and very romantic! If you love fabulous food, ambiance and service this is the restaurant for you!
5	Wow!  Finally a restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale that lives up to the hype.  The appetizers were amazing.  My antelope was great.  My wife's cod was great.  The service was superb. The surroundings were beautiful!  It's been five years since we were last here.  What took us so long to return?  Thank you for a great evening with friends!
5	Great dining experience. We came here for dinner during restaurant week and had their abbreviated menu. We sat outside on the patio, looking out at the courtyard.- Generous charcuterie platter- Lobster bisque was a revelation- Venison tartare was a bit underseasoned, but it was good- Beef tenderloin was cooked well, but not exactly memorable- Black cod was the best dish I've had in a while. It was served on a mix of fresh shucked corn kernels and lovely little clams.Great romantic dinner spot. Would definitely come here again.
5	The food was absolutely amazing and the live band was the cherry on top!! What a great date place. This restaurant has such a nice ambience and we could not have asked for any more. And a special thank you to  Bridget L. for making our experience that much better!!
4	*Happy Hour Review*(This is at the Mix Up Bar - and I will post there, too - but it seems many don't know it's separate from T. Cooks, so I am reviewing here.)Three words: Duck Confit Poutine - rich, delicious, large portion. The name says it all - and my pictures do not do it any justice!Three more words: Lobster Corn Dogs - small plate with only 3 pieces - but incredibly well prepared, delicious and hey - lobster for $5.00!?!Three more words: Half price bourbon! Two incredibly well crafted and incredibly generous Manhattans later, I was feeling no pain!One of the best parts of PHX is the under-appreciated happy hour deals at some of our best resorts. Especially this time of year - there are great values to be had, at incredible prices!Here's the Mix Up current specials menu:Daily - happy hour 4-7; $5.00 cocktails, beer, wine and lite bites.Tuesdays - Pizza & Punch $5 flatbreads, $6 signature punch cocktail of the day: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.Women & Whiskey Wednesdays - 1/2 price ladies bourbon night: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m.Bourbon & Burgers Thursdays - $8 burger, 1/2 price bourbons: 4:00 p.m. - 12:00 a.m..Can't wait to go back!
4	Went for Sunday brunch. We hadn't been here since the remodel and menu changes. We enjoyed it but it isn't the same as before. I didn't like the look of the buffet: less fruit, no eggs, a little less in the dessert area. On the other hand the entree selection seemed better than before. My wife had buffet only and was glad not to have had an entree. I had the steak and eggs and was happy not to have added the buffet. We were both happy with our food. The "bottomless" champagne kept me lubricated. Service was decent: we have had better but the place was busy. Price seemed fair considering food and beverage quality. We will be back.
4	I was accompanied by an out of town guest, last Saturday evening. Our waiter was Robert. He was so helpful to us in making our selections, and extremely attentive. We followed his recommendations and he was spot on!  We wanted two appetizers and to split the entree. We had the Beet Salad and the Corn Anglioti. Delicious!  The chef was doing a 10 oz. (Not kidding) rib eye. It was served on a bed of teeny tasty tender baby mushrooms, asparagus. Topped with a very light, almost fluffy, Bernaise (not heavy) and a bit of crab. Sprinkled around the plate were tiny, crunchy, coffee chips. So, If you took a bite of the steak (perfectly med-rare), mushrooms and coffee chips, it literally was an explosion in your mouth!  Such complimentary components that really worked. The chef even divided up the plate, including the steak, for sharing.  I could not finish my half, much to the delight of my friend. He was happy to finish.  To end, we had 3 scoops of their homemade ice cream, creatively served in a rectangular dish, with a thick slice of ice to fit the dish. Scoops were placed on the ice piece!  Loved it!  This place is classically Scottsdale, enveloped by the spectacular Royal Palms Resort. A leisurely meal in a truly beautiful setting.  My friend was impressed.
4	I am a  first timer at T-Cooks and WOW! the food was great! We started off with the tar tar..then had a vegetable  salad that was tossed in lemon juice and olive oil. All of the veggies where left in big pieces that were perfectly placed on the plate! Had the  steak for the main entree and was very pleased! Only complaint is that the table we were at was right under a forceful air vent. I even noticed other people moving seats because of the vents..
4	Dinner review: I've heard great things about t cooks for years, and finally had the chance to make it for dinner. Food was excellent - beautiful menu (options), unique presentation and overall, delicious. Prices are 'typical' for an upscale resort restaurant, not overpriced. Service was great, but not excellent. Ambience is unique and romantic, great location.
5	Customer service here as in the whole of Royal Palms is nearly through the roof great, at times even bordering on obsequious. Service was not quite excellent, but it's really great. Had dinner here and ordered tasting menu ($40) and accompanying libations ($20). The tenderloin was pretty much the best tenderloin I've ever eaten. The beet salad was delicious and the cheesecake was thick and creamy. My bf had the antelope (!!) which he thought was great, cooked to perfection, tender and tasty.The accompanying drinks were interesting and fun, but I'm not a big drinker so I reached my limit pretty early. I don't know about y'all who are complaining about portion sizes, portions are normal-sized and VERY filling. If you're used to strapping on the feedbag at a buffet, then you may be disappointed, but the bf was happily full and I left STUFFED and quite happy. I highly recommend!
5	The white corn bisque was one of the best bisque I've ever had. Their staff is very friendly and are very nice and make sure everything is ok. All in all a excellent restaurant  that I would go to again.
4	Service great, white corn bisque & diver scallops were great. The roasted beet salad was great on the small side but tasty.
5	Was lucky enough to attend a 4 course meal prepared by Chef Rob Nefzer at T Cook's. The result was a resounding WOW. His appetizer courses were superb - fresh lobster paired with fruit and avocado, followed by scallops, which were delicious (especially given that I'm not a huge scallops guy). The main entree was a filet that was a twist on a pot roast (reinterpreted). The filet was cooked to perfection and the homemade sauces added a smokey mesquite flavor. The vegetables were fantastic.We finished with fruit filled donut holes which were incredible. The pastry chef is incredibly talented.I'd recommend stopping into the bar before dinner, grabbing a drink and enjoying the dark, moody atmosphere before heading into the main dining area. Overall, the incredible meal prepared by Rob was one for the ages and the staff was beyond friendly. We will be back.
5	Went to a birthday dinner and was so impressed! Had the corn bisque as an appetizer, then had the wild antelope for the main course. For dessert, I had the white tea pana cotta which was light and refreshing.
5	Fantastic summer tasting menu at the cooks. Paired with very refreshing summer cocktails we watched a monsoon come in while Robert took care of everything. Don't forget to ask for the summer tasting menu!
3	A friend and I went to T Cook's last night for restaurant week. We had been wanting to try this place for a long time and were excited to go. This restaurant is valet only (which, if you know me, you know I have a problem with), so we dropped the car with the friendly valet and headed in. The grounds of this hotel/restaurant are beautiful and very well maintained. We were seated at this table with odd high back chairs that make you feel somewhat secluded from the rest of the restaurant. This would be nice except it seemed that it also secluded us from timely service. We were seated and given the regular menu and left for a long time. We had to ask for the restaurant week menu when the waiter (finally) came back. Not sure why they didn't bring out the menu originally... did they think if they didn't provide the restaurant week menu more people would order off the regular menu (when most of the people were probably there for RW). Anyway, our meal took a looooooong time, with many long pauses between ordering and courses. Otherwise, the waiter was pleasant enough. I started the meal with the corn bisque, which was very rich, creamy and tasty. It was easily the best part of the meal. My friend had the greens with the strawberries, and this was tasty as well. The mains were far less impressive. I had the saffron pappardelle and my friend had the chicken. The pappardelle was alright, but tasted sort of plain considering the ingredients. The lamb was not showcased, the mint it had on it was so minimal you couldn't taste it, and overall it tasted like something you could easily make at home. It also came out luke warm and the ricotta they put on it was ice cold. The chicken looked amazing, but also came out luke warm and had an odd flavor... sort of like a cleanser scent... it was odd. The chicken was sliced and lost any juiciness it may have had when cooked. Though neither dish was terrible, neither tasted like it came from a high end, expensive restaurant. I'm not sure why they chose to showcase these items on their RW menu, but I hope this isn't the best they have to offer, because it wasn't very impressive. The dessert presentation was beautiful... this place really excels in presentation.... but again, it didn't have that 'yummy' factor that is so important in a dessert. I had the chocolate torte, which was fun and had some great garnishes (the pretzel ice cream was surprisingly savory and tasty... the popcorn brittle stuff was awesome), but the torte itself wasn't that great. It was a milk chocolate and would have tasted much better if it were a dark chocolate... it didn't have that rich chocolatey flavor that you envision when you order a torte. My friend had the cheesecake, which was good, but again, nothing special. Overall, I probably wouldn't come back here considering the mediocre nature of the food and the price. PS when I was leaving, the valet went to get my car and brought someone else's car out.... that's a pretty big mistake... what's the point of valet if they're going to give your car to other people.... eeek. They did apologize and were nice, but I would be pretty upset if someone drove off in my car.
3	Went for restaurant week this evening and was not impressed. The starters of beet salad or green salad were just ok. I have made a better beet salad.  Each of us ordered a different entree. They subbed a sea bass for the pasta dish which was very good. But the chicken was dry and the trout was just good. The deserts were fair and worst of all my hot tea which costs $4.50 was weak and cool. I think I must be spoiled by fine dining in LA and NYC. Will not be back. Service was excellent though. Too bad my food didn't live up to my great waiter. Also people here do not know how to dress for fine dining. Jeans and sneakers are for Applebee's.
4	Brunch was fabulous.  Good food, good service and beautiful surroundings.
5	I had the privilege of eating here for a work dinner on Saturday night. I was thrilled to come here and it did not disappoint! The ambiance is why I gave 5 stars. Its cozy, dim lighting, wood accents, and perfect lounge with a live singer set the mood for the night. The court yard in front of the restaurant was breath taking, even in the moonlight, filled with cobble stones and fresh flowers. For eats, I had the cheese and meats board to start. Perfectly fresh cheeses!! I had a bite of a friends risotto and it was simple, yet perfectly flavored with a dash of parmesan. For a main, I had the pork chop with gnocchi. The chop was fabulous but the gnocchi was nothing special, considering their were only about 4-5 little tiny ones on the plates. This was obliviously just for show, not for filling up your belly, by any means. The red velvet cake for desert was equal parts moist and decedent. Truly a great desert, and I'm not a fan of deserts. I fell in love with this place. I will be back one day!
5	After reading other posts, I had a sense this spot might be hit or miss.  I was pleasantly surprised to be mistaken.  It was a perfectly aimed bulls eye.  My buddy and I enjoyed the foie grais sizzling on a hot rock (if you like fg, this is a must!), a lobster noodle dish, the rib eye, lamb pasta, brussel sprouts, mushrooms and fine wine.  The service was impeccable and the decorum was chic as well as relaxing.  While all was spot on, the desserts were the crowning achievement.   We had the chocolate banana caramel mousse as well as a waiter special, dark chocolate peanut butter bars.  I don't make this statement lightly....the dessert was the finest I've ever had.
5	Seriously, come here.I showed up hobbling around with a crutch and the hostess went above and beyond to give me what I needed.Made a reservation for Saturday brunch. Showed up the day before and asked for champagne to be on the table and to have a card I wrote waiting for my boyfriend (his birthday!). Arrived the next morning, everything in order as asked, and they were very accommodating with my limp leg. Ambiance is wonderful. The seats are extremely comfortable, music is at a nice listening volume, timing from all staff was on point (never felt like I was waiting or rushing for anything). Food is fantastic. Definitely have the cauliflower bisque! A wonderful way to start the brunch. Their Mediterranean Benedict was lovely and the Graham Cracker French Toast was rich and a great desert to the amazing brunch. You can also walk around the grounds to help digest! The resort is beautiful and great for a stroll.
