4	Looking for a bargain with good Italian food? Look no further than Romano Macaroni Grill. We chanced upon this place while do some shopping. The bargain I'm referring to is the chef trio which features a Cesar or garden salad, choice of five different entrees and choice of three desserts for $12.99. I ordered the chicken milano which was bow-tie pasta with grilled chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms in a garlic cream sauce. The portion was generous, so much so that I couldn't eat all of it. More importantly, it was very tasty. My sister and the honey ordered the chicken cannelloni which is cannelloni shells stuffed with grilled chicken, cheese and spinach in an Asiago cream sauce. The serving is three tubes and neither my sister or the honey were able to finish theirs. Dessert choices are sorbet, a devils food chocolate cake with chocolate sauce or a lemon cake. We ordered the sorbet and devils food cake. The cake was very moist, made even more intense with the chocolate sauce. An interesting approach to how they serve the house wine. A large bottle of the house wine is brought to your table. It's on the honor system. You pour yourself a glass and make a mark on the butcher paper on the table. At $4.99 a glass, it's quite reasonable. The Chianti was very smooth and had a good mouth feel. Our server, Chris, was just finishing his training as a waiter. He couldn't have been sweeter as well attentive. Macaroni's is a chain, but I'd definitely go back to this location for the food and service, especially when you can get such a bargain for a prie-fix.
2	I used to love this place three years ago.  Now, everything has gone downhill.  The service is lacking.  Our server didn't offer drinks until we were ready to order our food, and twice we were confused with two different tables, even bringing us another table's check!  My boyfriend was starving so he ordered what he THOUGHT was a steak, only to be presented with four chunks of beef on two sticks, and some grilled vegetables.  The chicken fettucini had maybe three small pieces of chicken in it, which was disappointing.  After we were done eating, the server tells us, "We cut the portions AND the prices, so you get what you pay for."  HUH????  To top it off, after the bill came, another server took it and said, "I'll hand it to him for you," as if our own server was too busy to pick it up himself.  I used to work at a restaurant and never once did we ever pick up another server's bill "for them."  My boyfriend offered my same sentiments when we left:  "We're never going back there again."
2	We hadn't tried Macaroni Grill in quite some time so we thought we'd give it another go. Fail.  Maybe it was just our server, but the service was bad enough that I actually contacted Macaroni Grill through their website to complain about the service. I worked in a restaurant for well over 5 years so if anything, I'm overly patient in restaurants. We ordered our very simple meal before the table next to us but for some reason they were already done with their meal before we even got our appetizer. The server seemed to sense our displeasure.  However, rather than trying to rectify the situation, he just avoided our table altogether.Oh, and once we got our food is was pretty meh.I did receive communication back from Macaroni Grill and they sent 5 $5 gift certificates in the mail. This is the only thing that saved this review from 1 star.
5	Yah it's a chain restaurant....So what?  The prices are very reasonable and if you select the "create your own" pasta, you have nothing to complain about.Add in a nice house Chianti with your meal of complimentary rosemary bread, superb appetizers and VERY reasonably priced desserts, and you have a nice dinner without breaking the budget.Going back.
2	This place has def gone down! I remember a time I could give this place 5 stars ... No longer !! I didn't get any bread... Hello !!! Bread and rosemary !!! Give it to me !! I also ordered extra shrimp and mushrooms with my meal .. Apparently they don't incorporate extras into the meals anymore they  just cooked them and placed them on the side ... Very disappointing ... It will be a long while before I come here again ..!
4	The food is better than the OG. Nice atmosphere, good hearty pasta dishes...what's not to like?!
2	I walked in with my aunt, and noticed there were only about 5 tables of people and there was no one at the hostess station. After 5 minutes of looking at the hostess gossip with the waitress (who made eye contact with me several times) we were sat to a filthy table which i had to clean myself. The food was not edible, and the service was awful. These people should be ashamed of themselves. I normally would have left as soon as i saw how dirty the table was but at this point i was curious what the macaroni grill was all about and why they still exist. I have no idea !!!!!!
3	Nothing special.  Menu has changed again.  Selection and service has gone down a bit over the years.
3	Menu did change a bit.food is ok service is a coin toss,you get someone who cares about getting a good tip or a person who just likes the way they look in uniform. Overall it's better than olive garden or applebees
1	Terrible rude lazy staff. Unorganized management. Everything about this place screams SHUT DOWN THE DOORS. I would rather eat at the little mexican stand they set up in parking lots than go back there. Go to the location on Sahara... or basically any of the others.
1	Worst service ever. All three of our meals were cold when we finally got them. Manager took all the food off our bill, but acted like this was something he does all the time. Thought afte 5 years I would give them a second try. Will NEVER go back. Ony gave it one star because it had to so I could submit this review.
5	Food was great! service even better!!!!
1	Horrible food my first and last time , the chicken was uncooked and had a nasty plastic taste , won't ever go back
4	Great food and service. I am NEVER dissatisfied with this place.
1	This location used to be on our list of favorite restaurants, but our recent visit there leads me to say that the place has gone downhill.   The "seabass" was overcooked, and yet seemed like it was cooked 15 minutes earlier!  It was not what I am used to being served when I order seabass which is usually a thick moist cut of fish.  This was a tiny portion of thin fillets of tasteless  fish which totally seemed more of a trout than a seabass.  This dish cries out for some pasta on the side - all it has is basically a warm salad.  The only saving grace of the dish was the little pools of balsamic reduction - the only hint of flavor in the dish.  We also ordered the Shrimp Portofino which once was a very flavorful dish, but it lacked any semblance of sauce or flavor.  Also surprisingly disappointing is the complementary bread which used to be perfectly little loaves cooked fresh.  I believe they have replaced their fresh baked bread with ones that are baked elsewhere, reheated and brushed liberally with olive oil.  The bread now lacks the freshness and rosemary flavor of the old ones from years ago.  The calamari was very good, but the thimble of sauce was tiny compared to the size of the basket and it was very chunky making it impossible to dip.  The lobster stuffed clams appetizer was pretty awful - firstly is was severely overcooked.  I could detect neither clam nor lobster in these things which were 95% bread crumbs and celery - not a good choice for $10.  Service was below par - staff seemed to be elsewhere most of the time.
1	The food wasn't that great- so I'm not a fan - the salad was the only thing worth eating
1	Wow!  We should have read the reviews before we went here. The service is horrible. We had stacks of appetizer plates and salad bowls on the table and no one removed them until we asked. Next we received our entrees and my wife's pasta wasn't cooked and the chicken in my pasta dish was raw as well. The final straw was a manager we observed wiping his nose then picking up food and delivering it to a table. Sorry this place should be closed!!!
2	My wife and I went here mid-September. We used to live near San Francisco and often went to the Romano's Macaroni Grill in San Mateo. We like the food; it's pretty good for a chain. It was busy when we got there but we were seated fairly quickly. The whole problem for the night was the lousy, forgetful service. We ordered the "two for $9" appetizers and only one was delivered. When we asked for the second it finally came - after the main course. I expect the servers at Mac Grill to be friendly but I don't expect any serve to lean on his elbows on my table. It wasn't a satisfactory experience.I emailed Mac Grill and got a nice response from the Area Manager, who offered $25 gift certificate. So a while later we went to the Sahara locations. Read my review of that location please.
1	Went there after a great night of watching my daughter sing at UNLV. Then everthing went wrong. Out of menu items, mushy food, fishy fish, etc. Last visit there was 5 years ago, next visit ............ 10 years? Wish they could get it right.
1	OMG, this placed SUCKED! One of our large group called the night before and let them know we were going to want separate checks, the manager said no problem. We got there, got seated, ordered and then we waited... 98% of the table got their food, the remaining 2% of us got our food after everyone was done. My pasta was swimming in lemon butter sauce, it was way too much.  They took the bottles of water off our table and quit asking/serving us any water after that.  When it came time for the checks, they came around AGAIN and asked us what we had. We had to go through our orders again.  They said it would be a few minutes and they would bring the checks back.  FORTY minutes later, they came back and said what we ordered didn't jive with what we said we ordered. They said it would be another five minutes to sort it out.  No way, this place was a joke. The manager made lame excuses.  The majority of us ended up leaving money on the table and walking out.  They got WAY more of a tip than they should have - I didn't want to wait around for change. From the beginning of our night there to the end was a complete disaster.  The food isn't even close to being Italian, just make this place a "P" for pass.
1	most horrible experience i have ever had at a restaurant. The pasta was very under cooked and the pasta sauce had no taste. horrible unprofessional wait staff
1	Came in for lunch and had a horrible time! I've never been to a macaroni grill but have worked in the food industry long enough to know what good service is.... the server neglected us...multiple other tables who arrived after received their orders before us...And when our food did finally come the it was barely warm and my friend recieved the wrong sandwich...we called the manager over to voice our concerns only to be scolded him. He did comp our meal....but our overall experience was terrible! Needless to say they've definitely lost our business.
3	Yikes, what happened to Macaroni Grill?!?!?!? I used to love coming here. We did get seated right away but getting acknowledged by our server after being seated was another story. They seemed very busy. After quenching my thirst because I finally got my drink ordering was under way. I asked for a "House Salad" with extra ranch to start. Then for my meal I ordered the "Build Your Own Pasta". It was noodles, arrabbiata sauce and buffalo mozzarella. The server brought me a caesar salad instead if the house salad I ordered. Then brought the right salad after I was almost finished with my pasta. The food was good but service was lacking very much. It was clean inside and they just finished a remodel so they now have both booths and tables to sit at. They still have the curbside to go if you want to phone in an order to go.Outside is a nice patio should you feel like eating outdoors.
3	Service was average. Isn't really as fancy as a remember it to be a year ago. Portions sizes weren't that big. Ordered Carmelas Chicken and it was alright (rather on the bland side). We had a gift card to use here, or else this is not a place I would typically choose. Not a restaurant I'm dying to go back to.
4	Good food and great service. We went for lunch and had the italian nachos, which were yummy. They also have a combo special that is a good deal.
4	REALLY REALLY REALLY GOOD!!And the house blend wine for $3 (Happy Hour) was a great taste at a great value.I see that a lot of reviews are down on this place. I should start be saying that this was my first time in any Macaroni Grill ever.Our server was fantastic, the wait to be seated and be served was right on. I had Chicken Marsala and the gladly subbed the standard pasta with Linguine. The bread was fresh and yummy. i love any place that bring s a variety of bread to the table. Speaking of the table, you can COLOR ON IT!!!!!!! How fun is that?!?!The dining area plays classy music, the bathroom plays Learn Italian lessons and there was a distinction in the bar, where adults were aloud and the rest of the place, for everyone else with their kids.We will be visiting not just Macaroni Grill, but this particular location, again and we will bring friends.
5	Amazing dining experience.  We were running late and had a movie to catch, so we told our server, Lamad, that we were in a hurry. Fastest food service I've ever seen.  It's like he put us into the kitchen express line! Even my gluten free dish (with gluten free penne, which usually takes much longer) was fast and ready to go!  Excellent service.Again, our server was Lamad.  He was super friendly, outgoing, great personality, just an all around great server and took good care of us.I also accidentally left my smart phone there.  They held onto it for us and we were able to retrieve it.  :)
2	This location used to be on our list of favorite restaurants, but our recent visit there leads me to say that the place has gone downhill.   The "sea-bass" was overcooked, and yet seemed like it was cooked 15 minutes earlier!  It was not what I am used to being served when I order sea-bass which is usually a thick moist cut of fish.  This was a tiny portion of thin fillets of tasteless  fish which totally seemed more of a trout than a sea-bass.  This dish cries out for some pasta on the side - all it has is basically a warm salad.  The only saving grace of the dish was the little pools of balsamic reduction - the only hint of flavor in the dish.  We also ordered the Shrimp Portofino which once was a very flavorful dish, but it lacked any semblance of sauce or flavor.  Also surprisingly disappointing is the complementary bread which used to be perfectly little loaves cooked fresh.  I believe they have replaced their fresh baked bread with ones that are baked elsewhere, reheated and brushed liberally with olive oil.  The bread now lacks the freshness and rosemary flavor of the old ones from years ago.  The calamari was very good, but the thimble of sauce was tiny compared to the size of the basket and it was very chunky making it impossible to dip.  The lobster stuffed clams appetizer was pretty awful - firstly is was severely overcooked.  I could detect neither clam nor lobster in these things which were 95% bread crumbs and celery - not a good choice for $10.  Service was below par - staff seemed to be elsewhere most of the time.
1	Had some pasta with shrimps and had the worst case of food poisoning I ever had.I never went back.
5	Our server; Lamad, was fantastic. I got the feeling that he genuinely loved his job and wanted to make our dining experience great. Which he did! The food was very good as well, but the service was above and beyond.
3	Our last visit has put us off for awhile. The food used to be amazing, but it is bland and tasteless now.  I've had shrimp at Baja fresh that tasted better.  My fettucini was bland and my husband's lasagna was watery.  Service was ok...she ignored us for awhile, which bothered us.  Basically, we aren't blown away with the food anymore and won't be returning.
3	First off thanks Cathy for excellent, quick, friendly service.. You were great!since I am a big kid I enjoyed the fact that the tables were covered with paper and crayons were already there waiting for me (yes me).Now on to the food.The bread they give you is delish. Its soft and yummy and the olive oil jug they leave you to refill your dipping plate is great. I just wish there was already parmesan cheese offered on the table.We then ordered their 2 for $9 appetizers. We got the macaroni bites with truffle dip. Now think of a mozzarella sticks but filled with easy mac... This could be a great appetizer if they  made their own mac or used a different cheese. truffle dip was yummy.we also got the baked Prosciutto & Mozzarella. It was a little crispy to be baked. It was pretty average. wouldn't order it again (assuming I ever go back).Then I ordered the Lobster ravioli which had a very strong lobster taste. I was expecting it to be subtle with the taste of butter, but nope. If you like the strong in your face Lobster taste then go for it.My husband ordered the Chicken Parmesan which was also very standard. The chicken didn't seem to be seasoned. Also the side of spaghetti (noodles in red sauce) was flavorless.All in all we're never going back.
5	The staff is so courteous and pleasant here! Even when we have a not so easy order they are always willing to make changes and get the order right and promptly to us.  The food is always delicious as well!
5	My husband received a gift card from one of his clients and we had never been here before.  We had been wanting to try it for awhile so we went there for dinner last night with no kids.  We got there around 5pm and for a Friday night we did not have to wait to be seated so we must have gotten there before the dinner rush.  The greeter was friendly and so was our server.My husband loved the bread they give you before your meal with the olive oil & balsamic vinegar and I must say it was delicious.  We did the 2 for $9 appetizers - fried macaroni and the baked prosciutto & mozzarella - both were delicious but the baked prosciutto was our favorite..we could have just ordered a couple of more of those and be done..lol.  For the entree, I ordered a new item. It was 3 cheese ravioli with butternut squash & pine nuts..  Oh man the raviolis were huge and the sauce, pine nuts and squash on the top was SOOO good.  It was a big order so I was only able to eat 1/2 after eating the bread and appetizers.  My husband ordered the Mama's Trio which included chicken parmesan, lasagna bolognese, chicken & mushroom cannelloni.  the servings on his plate looked like he had 3 entree's ...this was a huge portion so we probably could have shared this between the 2 of us.  My husband said everything was delicious as well.  As for the restaurant itself, I really liked the ambiance of the place.  I would definately NOT take our kids here.  Seems more like a place to go with your date. And since its Christmas time right now looked there were a lot of maybe office gatherings.  We saw people coming in carrying gift bags.  I dont recall seeing any kids there last night either.  And a couple of times the hostesses came out and sang a couple of Christmas carols and WOW they sang awesome...so I really liked that.  When they werent singing they had Christmas music playing.  For us, we really liked Macaroni Grill and will definately go back.  Next time we would like to go sit in the bar area and just order appetizers and a couple of drinks...I think that would be a great time.
5	We had a great wonderful time at Macaroni.  We ordered the tasting menu which was so much fun, flavorful and exciting.  Would highly recommend it.  Kristin the manager came over to make sure everything was awesome and it was!!
1	I wish I could give them no stars. First we were placed in the back where NO ONE could see us. Shortly after that others were seated & they received drinks before we did! 20 minutes later still no drinks & no one came to check on us..we just decided to leave. I'm never coming here again!
2	I chose this Macaroni Grill for a mid-week family celebration. My family had plenty of suggestions; however, I came up with this place and everyone agreed.      It was quite a disappointment. The atmosphere was quite comfortable, there were about 4 customer tables and the rest was empty. The food was great, but I had to wait about 30 minutes before my first order arrived, just to find out that it was the wrong order. It then took another 30 minutes for my food to arrive. By then everyone was done. Then the waitress suggests dessert (while my relatives were holding their coats waiting for me to finish my last bite); not the best experience...     I was drinking coffee (during the 60 minute lapse) while waiting for my food. I asked the waitress for creamer and Splenda. It took the waitress 25 minutes to bring the creamer, by then the coffee was cold.      I do not recommend this particular location. Customer service is a very important factor when it comes to a restaurant.
5	Wonderful lunch with coworker! We ordered the zucchini fritti, pollo caprese and chicken spiedini. The zucchini was light and crisp and both chicken dishes were cooked perfectly. If you have gotten away from this location give it another try!
5	we (me and my woman) swear by yelp!  if a restaurant doesn't get 4 stars, we won't go, end of story.  thus, when we found ourselves with a $20. gift card and we saw a 3 star rating on yelp. we were hesitant.  but, "money talks and bs walks."  so, we decided to take our chances, and  we're glad we did. first off, i am a demanding diner and our server, michael, aced it. he was right on spot: pleasant, accommodating and  attentive w/o being annoying. our food came out in a timely fashion but not rushed.  michael immediately brought out our wine $6.(nice fill) and --the fresh baked rosemary bread...a+. we ordered the 4 course tasting menu $18.00:fried ravioli...a+, yummy. caesar salad...b, fresh crispy lettuce, tasty dressing, but...not enough croutons.pasta w red sauce...b, large portion, came out nice and hot, waiter grates the cheese over the pasta, nice touch. i like my food highly spiced with loads of garlic. even though the sauce wasn't prepared that way, i still enjoyed it,  it wasn't bland or tasteless, by any means. chicken marsala, w roasted potatoes...b, tender chicken, good sauce and yummy potatoes.the waiter made a fresh pot of coffee which we enjoyed w mybirthday dessert and italian opera serenade, from  a lovely lady named sarah. when we rate a restaurant we consider what we were given in  return for our money. in this case we had excellent service, good food, decent size portions and a stress-free relaxing meal. what's there not to like?
1	Unfortunately, our experience tonight was memorable ... not in a good way!  We ordered the wine & tapas.  Once our tapas were delivered, we ordered our dinners - to be eaten together.  Well, the kids' food came, then my son's, then mine ... 5 minutes passed & our server scanned the table, realizing my husband's food had not yet been delivered made a comment that he was going to "check on it".  He reappeared a few minutes later, looked @ our table & got this look on his face like he just remembered what he was supposed to do, disappeared then returned with my husband's dinner.  By now the kids were almost done with their food, my son & I had stopped eating so we could eat together.  My husband instructed the server to pack his up to go.  When our server returned with the to-go box, another persson was with him.  She didn't introduce herself but she kept apologizing (i figure she was the expeditor that didn't expedite).  Now if you're my husband and everyone else received their food and you had to wait, how upset would you be?  He turned down her offers of a free drink and dessert - she could've just comped  his meal but that didn't happen.  Our experience in the food industry is there is a 2-minute check after you've served your guests their food.  This was very, very disappointing, next step is to call corporate office
2	My husband and I went to this particular location after church. We normally go to the W. Sahara location but we were on this side of town. We were immediately seated and was told that our waitress named Tiffany will be right over. Ten minutes later a lady came over and said that Tiffany was a little busy but can she start us out with drinks? I couldn't quite understand why she would be, do the fact that there was less than ten people in the building but OK.. Since we've been here a few times ,we already were familiar with the menu and ordered right away. It took them 20 minutes just to comeback with our salad.. And you guest it still no Tiffany. Our dinner was finally served 30 minutes later and It wasn't as good like the location on W Sahara. We normally stick around for dessert but we opted out. Tiffany never arrived. I hope shes OK
2	Went there last night with my son and husband we were very disappointed the food  took longer than expected to come to us,  we never got refills on our drinks the portions were small and it was expensive. The food we found to be average compared to what we paid. The worst was mine. I had the blackboard soup. Not very good. We won't go back.
1	I had been to Romano's Macaroni Grill in San Mateo, CA several times when we lived in the SF Bay Area. It was usually good.However, I went today with my MIL and several friends for a total of 6 for lunch at this location and was terribly disappointed. Most of us arrived at 11:45 am. When we shown the first table, it was dirty. There were still bread crumbs on it like it hadn't been cleaned properly.So we were given a table in the back. No problem, since it appeared to be the only other table set for 6. However, they appeared to be short staffed, since after we received water it was quite a while before we received any real service and there were only several tables in the entire restaurant that had people. Granted we waited for one of group for about 20 min after seating, but then after that, service was still slow.We had oil and salt on the table, but no bread for a while. Then my MIL had to wait for them to brew coffee. Then we finally received bread, but no chance to ask for balsamic vinegar until either a server or the assistant manager came to take our order.We finally placed our orders, 2 had salmon, 1 ordered chicken milano, 1 had chicken parmesean, my MIL ordered lobster ravioli, and I ordered the warm spinach and shrimp salad with scallops added. My MIL and I shared an order of the Zucchini frittes, they were the best part of my lunch and my MIL's lunch.When our food was served after quite a while, the salmon dishes came out first and then the other dishes. My food was supposed to be warm, but it was lukewarm.  I will admit that the shrimp and scallops were cooked to the correct level of doneness, but were not served at the correct temp. My MIL's food had a cream sauce that had started congealing when it was served to us.  They asked if we would like a replacement, but by then we were so hungry, we both said no. The assistant also basically told us that our food had been waiting for the salmon to finish - even I know that the quicker dishes should not be cooked before the slower dishes.The friend who ordered the chicken milano had asked for aspargus, instead of orzo, so the assistant manager (?) took it back and had the pasta replaced. However, when she brought back the plate, the chicken was dry and overcooked, she couldn't even cut it. At least, when they offered to replace that one, they got in replaced in a fairly decent time. In addition, my MIL also found bread crumbs under the paper on the table at her seat.The manager did remove our dishes from our bill (we all paid separately) and did offer replacements, but we said no because fish doesn't do too well as leftovers. I think the entire staff needs to be retrained on service.
1	My family and I decided to go into Macaroni Grill on a Thursday night about 6pm. I have 3 children, so this is a treat for us. We sat down and the hostess said she would be right back with crayons, which I had to go get myself after we realized they weren't coming. We ordered 2 appetizers, macaroni bites and bruscheta. The bites were good but the toast  for the bruscheta came out noticeably burnt, something the chef or server should have noticed. The server took our order and we had to asked twice for the wine list. My 2 young children got their food first. It was fine. Then my husband and oldest got their food. My husband took one bite out of his pork shank cremini and the only thing hot was the sauce. He told the server it was cold so he took it back to the kitchen. About 10 minutes later we both received our meals. My meal was ok, not hot but warm and yes my husband's was still cold. He sent back the food and didn't reorder anything else because by this time my kids were almost done. The experience was not good. Food and service needs much improvement!
5	My 5 stars are for the service I received from Camal. He is by far a top notch genuinely nice guy. I belive he created little moments of magic with his knowledge of the menu to his personality and demeanor with me. I would definitely come back if everyone was as good as Camal. keep up the great service.
5	We decided to come here on a Saturday later in the evening for dinner, the parking lot didn't seem to full, it was pretty easy finding a spot. As soon as we walked in the door they were completely packed but that didn't stop the customer service at all, we were immediately greeted and taken care of, ice cold water, and fresh bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.I ordered Mama's Trio what a ton of food, the portions are amazing! Chicken Parmesan, Lasagna Bolognese, and Chicken Cannelloni, everything was great, I couldn't come close to finishing all of this, so at home I had this for dinner the next day as well!She ordered the Chicken Parmesan and I was a little jealous because that was my favorite out of all three. It comes with chicken that is crisp on the outside but juicy and moist on the inside, topped with cheese, sitting next to thin angel hair spaghetti, the whole plate is about 91 grams of protein and 129 grams of carbs so it's a great meal after working out if you're looking to add mass.I have to say this is one of my favorite places for dinner, with the great customer service and great food, I can't see how anyone has anything to complain about.
3	We randomly decided to eat here after 3 years of not stepping for into this place but their GF menu is what lured me back in so we stopped in for lunch on a Saturday. I was actually surprised  how dead it was so we didn't really have any problems with service since we were probably her only table; however. she did slack with drinks and was very impatient when I asked her questions about their gluten free options. The food arrived so hot and fresh and the spicy sauce I had on my GF noodles was delicious! My husband was really impressed with his dish also (I forgot what he ordered) when I'm in the mood for "chain" Italian my first choice is always Olive Garden, but I definitely need to start rotating the Macaroni Grill back in-slowly. I don't know how much has changed in the 3 years we haven't eaten there. I feel like the food tasted a lot better than I remember it to be and I took into consideration  that it was slow that afternoon.  3 stars is high quality for this kind of establishment. I would recommend eating here and I would recommend that spicy red sauce on top of the GF noodles for my GF peeps. We also had a virgin mojito that was so delicious and the highlight of my day.Overall the experience was good, food was great and there wasn't much to complain about. It's worth the try so you know the difference between your chain Italian.
4	I don't even know why so many of you are hating on the macaroni Grill. We ate there tonight and Kathy was our server. She was outstanding and so was the food. I know it's not Mario Battalii down at the Venetian, which we hated, but it's extremely good for the price. The new half pound meatball and pasta dish is outstanding. The bread is great, the service was fantastic. The only surprise is that the place isn't busier. If you haven't tried it in a while give it another try.
5	My boyfriend and I have been regulars here for almost a year now. They always deliver excellent service and food. The chicken parmigiana is our favorite, and I love their house salad with the Mediterranean vinaigrette. Also, the bread is hot and crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside, yum! I always ask for balsamic vinaigrette but my boyfriend prefers just olive oil and fresh pepper. And, They're constantly sending out email coupons, for $10-$20 off, and half priced wine!
4	This is the actual location where my boyfriend worked as a server years ago. We also celebrated our first Valentines' day with dinner at this chain. As such, it has a special place in our hearts.Service is always stellar- Charles in particular stands out.The house wine (and rockin' honor system policy) and bread are both higher quality than other chain's standbys, but their smaller menu allows them to shine instead of spreading themselves too thin.We always get the stuffed mushroom appetizer.Favorite entrees include the chicken under a brick, Carmela's chicken, and the shrimp portofino. For lunch visits, the bibb and bleu salad is my usual, and I'm really bummed that the italian wedding soup is now a special instead of a menu staple. Favorite dessert is the lemon passion.The service, food, and ambiance of this restaurant and the high standards of the chain make it one of the few places we choose to dine that isn't local.
1	Visited on 10/11/14 and will never return. It took forever for our waitress to even acknowledge us and ask for drink orders. We told her we were ready to order which we did but she wrote nothing down and asked us immediately after for the order again. Use paper and pen next time girl. THEN while waiting FOREVER for our food we hear her cussing the cooks out regarding our order and she stated that her tip will now be fu*%ed because our food was late. LOL smh. We asked for more water twice and more bread. She brings the water pitcher and leaves it on our table??? No bread. After 30+mins we asked for a manager. The manager comes with our food but tells us "I wanted to wait a few more mins for your order before coming over to you" Smh once again. The manager told us that our meal was comped and offered dessert to which we declined. We just wanted to get out of there. We should've paid attn when we walked in because the manager was walking a familiy out apologizing for the bad service. I wonder how many tables had comped meals that night. The food is less thatn mediocre and the staff sucks. The only person who seemed to care was the hostess.
1	Walked into the restaurant and waited almost 5 minutes before the hostess came over or anyone greeted us.  Then she asked if we were going to get the lunch special.  We tell her we're not sure because we haven't seen the menu.  Then she tells us that if we want the lunch special there's different seating so we have to decide before we sit down?! Ummmmm... what if somebody wants the lunch special and the other person doesn't??  Can we sit down and look at the menu before deciding? This has to be the stupidest policy/promotion ever!!! This was my first time back to Macaroni Grill in over a year, and I will not be returning anytime soon after this.  We decided to just leave and go to Chili's next door (which was great!)
1	The food is not that great for the prices and the service is terrible. The first time we went there, it took what seemed forever to get our food. We decided to try the place again thinking it was a bad night. This time it was worse. The waitress we had got several complaints. One table asked for the manager. We never got our bread and getting a refill was next to impossible. Won't go back.
2	Unfortunately I have to drop my review down a star. I stopped in for lunch on 12/23 and they have done away w/gluten free options which is such a terrible idea being that many people suffer from celiac or gluten allergies.  The waitress said they also removed the wheat pasta for those who are health conscious. I won't be returning for that reason alone and hope that corporate will rethink their choice for removing such items.
