4	Stopped at Society for lunch on its first week since opening. It's a beautiful room, with deep reds and greens, lush drapes, over-sized couches serve as banquettes for dining, and a good mix of people (not just Vegas hipsters). The menu could be described as American comfort food, but with a slightly different interpretation. Good soups, including a classic split pea, but with franks instead of ham (it works). Complimentary freshly baked pretzels shaped like mini baguettes, served with a mustard/butter spread was surprisingly good. Homemade potato chips with a high end onion dip (no Lipton soup mix here). Great cocktails--and large. About 3x the size of a standard cocktail. I had the 3 quiches (yes, I am a real man), which were very good. I saw the waitstaff bringing out very vertical hamburgers which look amazing. Excellent service by Roberto, and a pleasant lunch. There was a 20 minute wait out front, but one of the managers brought out mango smoothies for those waiting in line. Nice touch and keeps everyone's blood sugar steady to be patient for a table. Out of all the restaurants at Encore or the Wynn, this is probably one of the most casual, but the food, service and experience are all high end.
1	Since we stayed at Encore, we decided to have lunch here to get the whole "Encore experience".  Boy, did we choose the wrong place.Strike One:  They have a thing called "stop-seating", where they take a couple of parties, seat them, stop the line from moving for 30 minutes, then repeat.  Why they do this when they have a bunch of empty tables available for seating?  I have no clue.Strike Two:  Menu is -VERY- limited and when we finally ordered, it took about 30 minutes for my family's breakfast plates to arrive, AND  we were not served any bread baskets, when other tables clearly had.  But I mean, breakfast?  How long does it take to make some scrambled eggs and toast?  Definitely not 30-40 minutes.  The toast were also burnt real badly, but we didn't ask them to replace them since we didn't want to take the chance of waiting even longer.  My side order of onion rings came out before my main dish, which I found to be weird and they were more soggy than crispy, pretty bland tasting as well.  My dish, which was a Ham & Cheese sandwich didn't come out until about another 20 minutes.  Um, it's a ham & cheese sandwich, again I don't comprehend why it took so long.  Strike Three:  The food was mediocre, but the last straw was when we waited 15-20 minutes for our bill/receipt.  We were at the cafe for about 2 hours, 90 minutes of that approximately was waiting time (including waiting to be seat).  Ridiculous, since the food was mediocre and pretty pricey.  I'm never eating here again.
1	Since we stayed at Encore, we decided to have lunch here to get the whole "Encore experience".  Boy, did we choose the wrong place.Strike One:  They have a thing called "stop-seating", where they take a couple of parties, seat them, stop the line from moving for 30 minutes, then repeat.  Why they do this when they have a bunch of empty tables available for seating?  I have no clue.Strike Two:  Menu is -VERY- limited and when we finally ordered, it took about 30 minutes for my family's breakfast plates to arrive, AND  we were not served any bread baskets, when other tables clearly had.  But I mean, breakfast?  How long does it take to make some scrambled eggs and toast?  Definitely not 30-40 minutes.  The toast were also burnt real badly, but we didn't ask them to replace them since we didn't want to take the chance of waiting even longer.  My side order of onion rings came out before my main dish, which I found to be weird and they were more soggy than crispy, pretty bland tasting as well.  My dish, which was a Ham & Cheese sandwich didn't come out until about another 20 minutes.  Um, it's a ham & cheese sandwich, again I don't comprehend why it took so long.  Strike Three:  The food was mediocre, but the last straw was when we waited 15-20 minutes for our bill/receipt.  We were at the cafe for about 2 hours, 90 minutes of that approximately was waiting time (including waiting to be seat).  Ridiculous, since the food was mediocre and pretty pricey.  I'm never eating here again.=============================On a side note:  The guy below me (Matthew P.) is a completely jackass and was completely rude when I sent him a message giving him a heads up on what I thought was a repeated review of Society Cafe.  Instead of simply telling me I was wrong, this is what he said:"Um, check your date Dearie. I wrote my review on the 28th, you wrote yours on the 29th.  You are the one who repeated an entry. Check yourself before criticizing others.  Sorry you're so hard to please. I had a great time at Society.  Tell Mommy and Daddy to take you somewhere else.  I feel sorry for you.  EOM."Then blocked me.  How very mature of you, Matthew.
4	In between spells of drunkenness, our hero is found wandering the newly opened Encore (which, by the way, kicks a generous amount of ass).  Of course, like the Wynn, finding some cheap--Vegas cheap that is--food was thought to be an improbability, until I noticed an awesome little cafe with cheap burgers.  Admit two please.After a short wait, we were seated at an undesirable table, which we quickly switched for a better one.  Before we ordered, the waitress brought us fresh veggies served in a glass dish with ice and homemade ranch, then soft pretzel sticks with mustard butter (I've never heard of this before, but it's pretty much the single greatest invention EVER).  Everything was delicious.Looking around the restaurant, it was obvious that the place was pretty swanky.  It looked like Urban Outfitters met the Ethan Hawke version of "Great Expectations."  Huge curtains with striking patterns, beautiful tables, fancy columns, even the dishes were amazing.The burger ended up being a solid gourmet style burger, I was happy with it, but nothing to bring me back.  Except the price.If this place fine tunes the menu and keeps the prices low, five stars are in the future.
4	I went to Society late in the evening on it's first day open.. technically going on on the second day.. but they are open very late so that is that. First off.. hilarious is the review of  "hard to please" I saw the review the first day that I went to write this, and it slightly annoyed me that someone would rather complain about toast that is over-done, rather than ask for new toast.. not that big a deal. Then, (lol) to post a photo of the 'toast scrapings"... classic. Seriously? I waited to read other reviews as I was in a hurry to get some late night action in :)Anyway, I had a great time. 4 stars instead of 5 because it was the first day, the server was trying hard to please us as she was swamped and the cute busser from France ended up helping us out more throughout the meal. (Even taking an order when needed) To me this says a bit more about the service.. again, the minus 1 star because they had kinks to work out, and I am sure they will. It's a new joint.. but  I will definitely go again. Food was quality, I had short ribs (hard to mess up) .. and the warmed pretzel bread with grain mustard butter was a nice touch while we waited for food. The price is about $50 per guest.. that was with 1appetizer, 1 cocktail each.. and 1 entree each.. no dessert.. We were too full. Portion sizes are great, and the setting is modern and comfortable. Anyway, if you are @ Encore and need a late-night meal.. check it out. On a side note SWITCH Steakhouse looks awesome, and if you can't join them in the dining room, sit at the bar just outside and watch the scene and color of the dining room change every so often.. then go eat there! Happy eating!
4	I had a late lunch and early breakfast here.  It is inside the Encore as one of their dining options - not a restaurant and not a diner, but in-between.  It is a bit expensive, but the food quality is very good. I had the 3 mini sloppy joe burgers and tomato bisque for lunch which was both delicious. For breakfast the next morning I had an omelette with tomatoes, onions, and mushrooms with a cappuccino and OJ - all delicious.   It is hard and so variable explaining food quality, but believe me when I say you can tell the difference here.  It melts in your mouth. The service was first quality from the friendliness and fast seating to attending to your needs without having to wait long for your wait staff nor food to arrive. Congrats to Society at Encore...you are a diamond in the rough and much needed.
2	I was starving, I just got off the plane and checked in upstairs and went here for a late lunch and it was slow!  The service is slow in all aspects- the seating is slow, the waiters are slow, the food comes out slow.  The menu is very limited and boring!  We got the Cesar salad with shrimp, veggie flat bread (best part of the meal), and their signature burger.  The salad and flat bread were good but nothing to write home about but the burger was horrible and dry and the bun was twice as big as the burger!  I would expect a little more out of a five diamond hotel!
3	We were starving and we were at encore so we chose this place to try out. We decided to just order the shared appetizers since the prices were just high...of course it's encore.  We ended ordering mac bites, barbecue ribs, some sweet potato fries and their banana split.  The service was fine and wait staff attended to our needs. They even gave us some veggies and of pretzels sticks while we waited for our foods, which was cool. Kudos to the banana split sundae that had a different twist.
4	Came here for a late light lunch after checking in at The Encore yesterday.  Atmosphere is pleasant and the room is tastefully decorated-definitely nicer and more stylish than a typical cafe or coffee shop within a hotel.  We shared 3 items:  Pancakes-simply delightful and some of the best I've had!  Light and fluffy and topped with a handful of blueberries and strawberries.Roasted Tomato Bisque-equally as good with a drizzle of olive oil, a fried basil leaf and a parmesan crisp.Buffalo Chicken lollipops-like a buffalo wing, but the end of the drumsticks have been cleaned so your fingers don't get all messy from the sauce!  Of course, it came with the traditional blue cheese dip and carrot & celery sticks.Would definitely go back and would like to try it for dinner as the menu looked delish!Perfect meal to tie us over until dinner!
4	I went there on a Tue night and Encore was a dead town (compared to other casino) it was my first time in this new casino so i wanted to try their new resturants too. This place had a special for $38, it came with 1 appetizer (choice of Ceaser Salad, mac&cheese bites or tomato basil soup) Main (8oz fillet mignon or Cedar plank salmon) and desert-two big balls of donuts with chocolate and caramel. I got the Mac&cheese bites and the fillet mignon. all this for only 38 bucks!! the best deal i ever had, PLUS the food was AMAZING, the steak was cooked perfectly, rare + . Much better than any expensive steakhouse i've been. definatly must go if you go to Encore!!! I also had their cocktails (grape crush and some kind of fruit martini) which was also delicious!!
4	We came here for breakfast and met a line at around 10:30am.  Reservations are highly recommended if you want to be seated immediately.  Most diners seem to be from the hotel, but that doesn't make it any less deserving of it's rating.  Even in a loud casino, the environment within the restaurant seems to me miles away.  The atmosphere is like an English tea house and service is relaxed and you should take your time to enjoy the meal.Between the three of us, we had the Society Breakfast, the Eggs Benedict and the Egg White Frittata.  The Society Breakfast included 2 organic eggs, country sausage, bacon and potatoes + 2 pieces of toast with butter and your choice of tea and coffee.  Despite it sounding like a Denny's breakfast, the sausage seemed fresh and the roasted potatoes were cooked/fried perfectly.  Tea was English black and came with lemon and a small jar of honey.  The Eggs Benedict looked quite tasty as well and there is an option to have it on top of crab cakes.  I didn't taste it myself, but there was a poached egg on top of ham and cheese with an English muffin and a side of potatoes.  The egg white fritatta had baby asparagus with mushrooms and goat cheese.  I had a taste of this and it was spectacular, the cheese complimented the fritatta so well.  The entire meal service was approximately 90 minutes.Service was relaxed and a bit slow, so don't expect it to be a quick meal.  Chat it up and enjoy the presentation and the formal presentation of "courses," even for breakfast.  This restaurant lives up to it's decidedly upper-class clientele and definitely provides a dining experience that's in-line with the cost..  My meal was comped by the hotel, but even without it, I would leave feeling satisfied.Portions are medium-sized, I expected much less than what they gave us, but it was definitely sufficient for a brunch meal.Egg white Fritatta = $17Eggs Benedict = $16Society Breakfast = $19
2	I went to Society with my dad and some members of his family opening weekend (Christmas Day) last year. I had wanted to eat at the Sinatra restaurant, but we were told that it was booked for the evening. The other restaurants at Encore seemed like they were kind of high end, and since my dad's family were not properly dressed enough for the other restaurants, we opted for something more "casual" and went to Society instead.We had to wait in line for at least twenty minutes, which was understandable since it was opening weekend and it was crazy busy. We were finally seated and we had a salad sampler platter, which was okay, but not great. I had filet mignon (not the best steak I've ever had, but still good), grilled mushrooms, and strawberry cheesecake for dessert (all good, but not exceptional). Not a bad meal, but kind of overpriced for the Encore's more "casual" dining, but I wasn't paying, so I wasn't too concerned about it. ;-)The service needs a lot of work. True, it *was* opening weekend, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, but we had to ask several times for them to refill our water and drinks, so they were not very attentive and seemed understaffed. I wouldn't recommend this place. Usually Wynn's restaurants are a "hit", but this one was definitely a "miss".
5	Yummy!  We are staying @ Encore and ate here after the pool. Delicious!  We came back the following day for breakfast. Yummy!!  You cant go wrong. It is $$$
4	We ate here for lunch on a weekday.  I was surprised by how many patrons were dining alone...it seemed the whole restaurant had single diners.  So I would recommend the restaurant to anyone that will be dining by themselves.The food is pretty good!  The menu on the website (encorelasvegas.com) shows a HUGE menu with many choices.  The actual menu we received had about 8 entrees and 3 salads, and that was about it.  So not alot of choices.  While the menu is not extensive, it did have some great options.  Society Cafe is very small.  I was thinking that it would be like other hotel cafes and be a huge space, but this is a more intimate restaurant, so nice and quiet.
4	We had breakfast here on our last day in Vegas. After a brief wait in line, we were seated at a table in the bar area, overlooking the casino. Server was attentive and friendly. We shared the XL sticky bun and the eggs benedict, and both were wonderful. My dad had three cups of the coffee, it was so great. Prices are a little on the high side, but you expect this for sit-down breakfast at Encore. Much like Terrace Pointe Cafe at Wynn, this is a nice place to share a leisurely breakfast in a stylish but casual atmosphere (although Terrace Pointe has much nicer views, being that it overlooks the pool).
2	Steve Wynn did not make a winner with this spot.  Mediocre to terrible bland overpriced food.  Sorry Steve. Go elsewhere
4	Just returned from a yummy lunch with a client here. Expensive? Hell yes. Good value? Probably not. However, if you have some cash to blow and you're staying at the Wynn-Encore, I highly recommend it. Warm pretzel bread with mustard seed butter- complimentary and delicious. I'm a sucker for warm pretzels though!Flatbread - Good, but nothing specialLobster roll on challah bread - the bread was freshly baked, soft, and to die for. The lobster salad itself was quite good. Not much mayo and tons of lobster! Quite pricey at $23Lunch box - At $18, it's hardly a "good deal", but for a fun lunch on vacation I recommend this option. While everything was small, it was very high quality and tasty. I had the rare tuna slider (it was truly sashimi grade tuna! Very good), and the market chopped salad. The chop salad was great - filled with cool goodies you don't find most places like havarti cheese and pumpkin seeds. keep in mind this is a Chop salad and not a normal salad with lettuce. The warm donut bites were the perfect ending to a great meal.
5	Ok, the best part about the dining experience we had here is because of James, our server! He seriously made our dinner way more memorable. He was so passionate about the food that heck, we pretty much ordered everything he suggested! I wasn't really that hungry and ordered the Truffled Baked Potato and Tomato Bisque soup...MMmmmMMMM!!!! soo yummy! My best friend ordered the fried mac and cheese bites(sooo good), with of course the truffled cream that came with it (Can't you tell we love the truffled cream?) We pretty much dipped everything into that cream, haha! My other best friend ordered sweet potatoes which was excellent, 3 things of salad, which I wasn't impressed and she also ordered some kind of pigs in the blanket dish that I didn't try. The rest of the group ordered some kind of meat dish and loooked good. I would definitely come back here again, but this time order more food! :) PS, dont' get the chocolate shot! There's no alcohol in it nor on the menu, he made it for me because he knew I was pooped and wanted me to party all night...It made my stomach worse! Nice try, James :)
4	Society is a great place to go for drinks and appetizers!We had some time to kill before getting in line for XS, so we decided to go over to Society Cafe for a quick bite.  The host and our server were wonderful.  They promptly seated us and made sure that the table was to our liking.The appetizers are delicious!  We had the mac and cheese bites, roasted tomato bisque, lollipop chicken wings, and the grilled artichoke.  The mac and cheese bites are so amazing!  Highly recommended for a nice, upscale spot to get some small plates and drinks with good friends.
3	Ambiance: GoodService: ExcellentFood:  This is where it depends, I went here with a large party.  They have this prixe-fix order you can get where you get an appetizer, entree and dessert.  Half of us order this half ordered just a regular sandwich etc.  If you order the prixe-fix do not expect to be full after or even close to that.  It came with literally a small cup of salad, 1 SMALL slider that was good, but literally was 2 bites!  and the dessert was a few doughnut holes.  And for the price ridiculous.  Wayyy too small of portionsOverall:  Don't order the prixe-fix menu and you'll be fine.
4	Unfortunately, our waitress here wasn't the best or most helpful, but the rest of the restaurant made up for it.If I remember correctly from what the TV tour of the Encore said this place is inspired by Oscar Wilde, which I thought made it that much more interesting. The decor of the interior is very nice and colorful, but with class and tact not in a gaudy way. My cousin joked that it reminded him of working at the Ralph Lauren store in Palo Alto.Of course, what really matters in a restaurant is the food and none of us were left unimpressed. My friend and I ordered the Steak Frites and everything about it, down to the salad was perfect. It was all seasoned well, had the right balance of flavors, and good portions for the price. If I remember correctly, everyone at the table liked their food even though they had originally complained that the menu was missing a page. If you are staying at the Encore you definitely have to come to Cafe Society once.
3	Great aesthetic design is what first stands out about this casual cafe in the Encore. Mixes of greens, pinks, and black and white work very nicely. It would work out better, however, if a full frontal of the casino weren't provided too. The two scenes clash a bit.I ordered the "Lunch Box," and chose to start with the Caprese Salad. Tomatoes were fresh and tasty, burrata was decent, but the crostini at the bottom (which is not a regular caprese ingredient) was too crisp and hard to cut.  Portion was also a bit small.  The main course was a Charred Ahi Tuna Slider. It was far too fishy for my taste. It's what really took this place out of 4 star range for me. The dessert was Warm Donut Bites. So yummy!  The presentation of the food is nice too.Hubby had the Steak Frites and just loved the flavorful steak. It was a decent sized portion as well, especially considering it was lunch.Polite, efficient service. Reasonable prices. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing.
4	They won me over with their baked macaroni and cheese bites.  And the cool decoration.  And the fact that you can go to XS early, get a stamp, and kill some time drinking and snacking here until you really want to go out, sans hassle getting back in the club.
3	made a stop here for brunch before heading to the pool.  As expected, the food is overpriced but almost everything in vegas is!  The thing to get here is definitely the breakfast sliders.  it comes with three mini buns filled with egg, creamed spinach, and a slice of filet mignon.  The buckwheat pankcakes topped with granola yogurt and honey were only ok.  They come with 4 big stacks and would probably be something good to share.  overall there is nothing really special about this cafe, but if your hungry, they're there!
3	Came here for brunch on a Saturday morning. We were able to get seated within a few minutes. For brunch ambiance, I liked Terrance Pointe in the Wynn better. For dinner, Society would have a more appropriate ambiance. The frittata was good, but not amazing. It came out hot and tasted fine. Nothing to write home about. The pancakes were delicious, but then again, if a restaurant can't even make pancakes, it would be in serious trouble. Toast is a side and runs your $4. That's some pretty expensive bread!
4	Lets see how much of this place I can actually remember.  We came here for a late dinner after a day of laying in the LV sun and being dehydrated by the endless drinks flowing left and right poolside.  This is the place to go if you're getting ready to go out to XS after; it's just a hop, skip, jump away.The ambiance of the restaurant is pretty nice.  Decor is modern chic - a little on the dark side so romantic for a party of two.  The menu is a little limited.  Most of us had very little appetite.  I ordered the trenne pasta, which had proscuitto, parmesan truffle cream, and spring peas.  I found this to be very heavy - not a good choice if you're not in the mood for a lot of food.  I also sampled the macaroni bites, which were very good.  The french fries got pretty addicting too!  Service was decent.  The waiter and busboys were attentive enough.  Prices were ok considering it was at the Encore...about a $30pp after tax and gratuity.  I doubt I'd come back given the plethora of choices in Vegas but nice and convenient enough to check out once.
5	Came here on the last day before heading off to the airport.  Man, wish I came here on the first day.  I had their filet mignon and eggs sliders, excellent.  We also had the eggs benedict and was not disappointed.  The only thing is it was kinda pricey here.  The two of us spent $50 for breakfast.  But I guess that's everywhere in vegas.  What a nice way to end the trip!
3	Came here for happy hour during our recent trip to Vegas. They had a 2 for 1 special on mojitos and I must say they were pretty good. I also had a few appetizers but they weren't anything special. I would come back here for some drinks.
3	as we were walking towards the front desk we see a sign that says HAPPY HOUR - 2 FOR 1 MOJITOS at the Society Cafe. heck yeah!! the friends and i decided to go get some mojitos and sangrias after we checked in. society cafe is a classy bar, but the bar area was quite small. Happy Hour menu consisted of 2 for 1 mojitos and sangria, as well as american-style tapas (about $5 each dish)I ordered their strawberry mojito. it was yummy. i like how they use real fresh strawberries.i also ordered three tapas (3 for $14): mac & cheese w/ truffle dipping sauce, pigs in blanket, and buffalo wings. the mac & cheese was unique. u get six small little bitespigs in blanket was not that great. the "pigs" were hard and wrinkly and dry. buffalo wings was alright. nothing specialall in all the food was thumb down; the drinks were thumb up. the food wasnt that worth it. i'd come back here for drinks only.
2	Came here on a Saturday Night.PROS-Decor is trendy/modern-People watch - esp when everyone around is dressed up to go to XS-Small restaurant - good if you're looking for something more intimate-Crab cakes - Wow, this has thick pieces of crab inside and tastes like crab! Yummy!-Presentation of the food - the food looks so pretty on your plate. -Free bread - You get a complimentary little cup of stick pretzels. Didn't really like the butter/mustard dipping sauce, but the pretzels were a nice way to start off my meal.CONS-Small portions of food. -The food is okay. Stay away from the $15 burgers. This burger is small. I would say it's slightly bigger than a slider but thicker. I asked for a well done burger, and it came out overcooked and burnt. My aunt didn't even finish her burger at all. The fries that came with the burger were also really mediocre. They tasted bland and were room temperature. I honestly thought that a Carl's Jr. Burger with fries would have sufficed.-The fried mac n cheese wasn't impressive either. They were little pieces of fried goodness, but tasted really salty inside. What a tease! Again, TGIF fried mac n cheese is way better.-Service. For the money I paid for my dinner, I expected top notch service. However, it took a while to flag down my waiter for simple things, like a refill of my iced tea.-Pricey. I like how the dinner menu gives you an assortment of price ranges for all types of budgets. However, the prices here are slightly higher than what you would usually pay for dinner. With the low quality of food coupled with the mediocre service and high prices, this place is a perfect tourist trap for non-locals and starving drunk ppl walking to/from XS, Blush, and Tryst.
3	I like that they have 2 for 1 Mojitos. Which means 4 Mojitos for me. My only issue with this place is that the food is incredibly small. I'm not fat. It just didn't make me full. I decided on the lunch box special which gives you a choice from three salads (Market chop, Caesar, Tomato & Burrata), 1 of 3 sliders (Filet Mignon, Charred rare Tuna, Sloppy Joe) and a bag of homemade donuts. I chose the Filet Mignon slider with Tomato & Burrata and it was pretty damn delicious. I just wish I could have had more than 4 bites before nothing was left on my plate...
3	We weren't expecting anything outrageous for a quick breakfast before we hit up Hoover Dam, but we were happy with the offerings from Society.  If we had more time, I would have definitely stayed longer because it's located right in the middle of the hotel so it's a prime people watching location.  I ordered the smoked salmon bagel that came with tomato and capers and also the XL sticky bun, which was soooo good.  It arrived to our table warm and filled with sweet goodness!  My husband ordered the Society omelette which was a little bit smaller than we remembered it being described on the menu, but was delicious nonetheless.  The portions were on the smaller side, but perfect for a quick breakfast.  Service was friendly and fast and just what we were in the mood for.  And although mojitos were offered, we just were not ready for alcohol at 8am...even if it is in Vegas!
4	Wish I could give 4.5 stars.  Stopped in for breakfast.  Service was very attentive and the Belgian waffle w/ huckleberry compote was so good you don't need syrup.  Staff suggested visiting that afternoon for their 2-for-1 mojito happy hour, but I didn't have a chance to make it back in time for that.  Good quality, good times.
3	I guess with an upscale hotel comes an upscale restaurant. Unfortunately, it did not meet my expectations. Nice atmosphere, nice decor, friendly service. Food, average. I ordered the Kobe Burger, decently price, great presentation, but the patty was dry, and it's Kobe beef too so that's odd. I should have ordered it with Swiss cheese instead, the Blue Cheese was too over powering. The deep fried macaroni and cheese nibblets were yummy, not greasy and complimented well with the dipping sauce. Normally, I'm more generous with giving out stars, but I have to take away some for their outrageous "service charge" on top of their 18% gratuity tab. You would think that gratuity is the same thing as a service charge! All they did extra was push in your chair and fold your napkin when you stepped away from the table. I don't think everyone paying an additional fee at the table justifies this at all! This is the first restaurant I've been to that charges a fee on top of your gratuity. Another thing I didn't like was when I ordered a Redbull vodka the waiter suggested I'd just order a vodka shot and he'd bring me a Redbull on the side as a chaser since the Redbull vodka cocktail didn't have that much vodka in it. I thought this was nice of him to suggest that like he was looking out for my best interests, little did I know he suggested it so that I could be charged more! My Redbull was $5.50 on top of the vodka shot, no thank you! I felt like he should have told me up front I was ordering two separate drink items instead of making it sound like he was doing me some kind of favor. I guess this is how they make money back to afford high over head costs for their fancy hotel! Boo 2.5 stars only please!
3	Walking into Society Cafe, I did not know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the awesome decor of black and white, the red upholstery of the love seats and booths, and the fancy chandeliers. We were seated within 5 minutes of our reservation for 10 people for dinner. I ordered the prix fixe menu with the mac and cheese bites with truffle dipping sauce as an appetizer, the Trenne pasta with proscuitto, parmesan truffle cream sauce, and peas as the entree, and ended with dessert of donut bites with chocolate and caramel dipping sauce. Let me just say that I was NOT impressed with the mac and cheese bites at all, but the truffle dipping sauce was great. Note to self: Not everything deep fried is good. The pasta's parmesan truffle cream sauce was just ok at best and the pasta was not al dente, but the proscuitto and peas were good. The donut bites were not good either! Can you say DOUGHnuts? Half of the doughnut was doughy with no sugar and the part that was cooked ok had too much sugar! Very inconsistent! I was amazed by the fact that they pulled and pushed your chair out/in for you and even took the napkin ring off and placed the napkin in your lap for you. And when you left the table, you can be sure to find it folded neatly into quarters on the table when you got back to your seat. They were very careful in bringing out our orders all at the same time and made sure we were VERY taken care of. BUT when you get your bill, you know why. Everyone put in well over what they were supposed to put in and we were still short. Turns out for our party they added in the 18% gratuity to our tab ALONG with ANOTHER 18% "SERVICE CHARGE." WTF. WHO does that?So if you want ok food (2 stars), good service (4 stars for neglecting us towards the end of the meal. No water refill!!!!), and don't mind forking over that 36% tip for your meal, BY ALL MEANS, eat here.
3	I was a very tired girl when I ate at Society Cafe.I believe the sequence of events went like this:Order and receive sangria.Drink it way too fast claiming there must not be any alcohol in it.Devour the most delicious little mac n cheese bites I've ever had in my life.Order another glass of wine and drink it way too quickly again.Eat my way through the trio of salads.  Meh.  The BLT one was probably my fave.OD on salt from the meatballs.Wish I had gotten the tuna that the boys had since it looked better and lighter.Fear that my coworkers think I'm a complete alcoholic for drinking so quickly.  It was pretty good, not great, but good looking.  I'd give it another shot; the Kobe burger sounded yum.
4	I had the pleasure of dining at Society this weekend while in Las Vegas for my bachelorette party. My fabulous bridesmaids set-up dinner here before we went out for the evening.We each did the prix-fixe menu. Let me tell you, that's the best idea with a group of 8 women.I started off with the Ragin' Bull. Yummy! There was a hint of Red Bull flavor - not too overpowering! The one downside was that Happy Hour prices weren't honored at your table. We didn't want to annoy the waitress and not order drinks from her, so we just didn't drink (outside of me).The mac & cheese bites were lovely little balls of happiness. However, I didn't care for the dipping sauce. I felt it was too bland, too orange, and not worth the calories. The pretzel dipping bread? If I could stick those in my purse to snack on throughout the night, I would've! It was the quintissential Vegas drinking snack. Drink, gamble, and chew! The tuna sashimi appetizer with shrimp chips was okay. Not my favorite, but it was tasty. The fruit and nut salad was my least favorite. There was way too much dressing for my liking.5 of us had the Trenne Pasta as our meal - triangular tubed pasta with a hint of truffle oil, fresh shaved parmesan, cream sauce, proscuitto, and peas. OH MY YUMMY. The truffle oil was the perfect compliment to my creamy dish. The snap of the peas was a nice accent to the fresh made pasta. I tried the Jidori Chicken - talk about juicy and flavorful. I can't even describe the flavor, but it made me feel warm and fuzzy. My future sister-in-law had the salmon. I didn't try it, but she said it was awesome. On top of all that food, we each had our own cone of french fries - sweet potato and regular. Now dessert.....I'm a sweets girl. I love them. I need them. So needless to say, when 2 baggies of donut bites came out piping hot, covered in confectioners sugar with chocolate and caramel dipping sauces, I cried. Just one tear though. What's even better? We took them to go in our limo. SCORE!We also shared the FOURTEEN layer chocolate cake with chocolate ganache frosting. It was rich, but it was delicious. Just 2 bites served me well.If you want bang for your buck (prix fixe was $45 per person), ridiculously tasty food, great service (the chef came out to say hello before we even began to eat), and a very cool low key atmosphere, come to Society! You won't be disappointed.
3	This must have been the only place with an open reservation for 8:00pm on a friday night at the Wynn...cuz its what we got stuck with. My girls and I were all stoked that they had happy hour, however, it was only in the small bar area and not at the tables..i wasn't too happy paying $12 for my very average cocktail. Everything was underwhelming; nothing awful, nothing amazing. We ordered the bolognese, Jandori chicken, and Trenne pasta with proscuitto....nothing stood out. The service was good though.I wouldn't return just because I feel like Vegas has better restaurants to offer.
5	I'm surprised that the ratings for this place is all over the place.  We had a great experience here.  After an awesome day at Wet Republic and returning to Encore to get ready, we realized we weren't going to make our 6:30 reservation at Mix all the way across town at Mandalay Bay, so we called concierge and got hooked up with an 8 pm reservation right down stairs at Society with their $36 prix fixe.We got ready, headed down and looked at the menu.  To my dismay, the prix fixe menu didn't have the petite filet that the concierge mentioned (which sold me on choosing this place in the first place).  A quick inquiry with our super cool waiter Todd later, we found out that they changed the menu cuz they don't have that size filet anymore but the chef was going to accommodate us with the regular size filet (which retailed at $36 per plate).  Win!So for dinner, 4 girls all picked Mac and cheese bits and almost all picked the steak (Connie had the triangle shaped penne pasta which was DELICIOUS *she was barely eating cuz she was having a hiccup-giggle problem* ;P so Betty and I helped her out with her meal)The Mac and Cheese bits with truffle oil were definitely the best mac and cheese I've had.  The filet was perfectly cooked, but one fingerling potato cut in half was more like garnish than a side. The donut dessert with caramel and chocolate sauces tasted like french toast.  The caramel dipping sauce was great but the chocolate was weird.The staff was great.  We also got to talk to the assistant GM for the restaurant (Patrick?) who was super friendly and had a kick ass sense of fashion.
4	If not for photos, and reviews posted by Betty and Cindy, I wouldn't really be able to go into detail about what we ate here. I was not hungover, but completely buzzed all throughout dinner. However, I do remember that my tastebuds were happy about what was consumed. I didn't really have much of an appetite, but everyone seemed to force me to eat each of my 3-courses. We started with mac 'n' cheese bites, which were the perfect combination of two of my favorite comfort foods: mac 'n' cheese and tater tots. The dipping sauce (I think it had truffle oil in it) was so yummy. I chose to go all out on carbs and got the trenne pasta with prosciutto for my main entree. I think this also had truffle oil in the sauce. The triangular penne pasta was delicious. For dessert, we had the donut balls. I'm pretty sure the caramel sauce I had with it did NOT have truffle oil in it.Our server Todd (thanks for refreshing my memory, Cindy), and the Assistant GM Patrick were both very accommodating and friendly. Even though they had taken off the petite filet mignon from the $36 prix-fixe menu, they were still able to offer them to us since the concierge had told us it would be available. Although we missed out on a fabulous dinner at Mix at Mandalay Bay, I'm glad we went with Plan B and came here. Again, thank goodness for photos.
5	This place has the best tasting and most flavorful burgers and fries you can find in Vegas.  Also, they get an extra star on presentation! For a simple burger and fries deal it was elegantly laid out.  This is not your average cafe!  The lil Guatemalan guy scared the shit out of me when he pushed my chair in for me!The best part about this restaurant is that it is high quality and we were able to walk right in with a group of 7 on a Friday night and get seated immediately.  The fries were cooked to perfection and the juicy burger meat smothered in blue cheese and a great bun hit the spot before a big night out.  For a decent price, you can't beat this for your pre-pre-party.  I would highly advise this place to grab a solid meal if you are staying at the Wynn or if you are on your way to XS.
2	I'll keep my write-up short and sweet.  I expected poached eggs with my eggs benedict, I got hard boiled eggs.  The staff was apologetic and made their best effort to give good service, but the food just fell way short.
4	My girls and I stopped by Society Cafe for a quick snack before going to XS.  The staff was friendly and the decor gorgeous.  We were seated almost immediately and at first glance seemed a little upscale (the waitstaff pulled out our chairs and then laid napkins in our laps), but the place was not pretentious at all.  Since we were heading out to go dancing, we shared a few appetizers, which came out super fast and were artistically presented.  We ordered calamari, flatbread, mac 'n cheese bites, and warm donut bites with delicious warm chocolate and caramel dipping sauces!  Throw in some amazing strawberry mojitos and it was the perfect way to start out the night :)
2	I had a terrible experience at the Society Cafe but it wasn't the food, it was the service. Our company was staying at Encore for a convention and we decided to have our final breakfast at Society Cafe. While our party was looking over the menu, Patrick, came over and scolded us that we must remove our luggage at the host desk immediately. He said this is a 5 star restaurant and that this will not be tolerated. We were caught off guard and politely asked him if we can place it under our table. He said he wouldn't be held responsible if something happened. My question is if this is a 5 star restaurant, shouldn't all guests be treated 5 star? This incident ruined our company breakfast. We decided that we won't be attending this restaurant going further. I don't know Patrick's last name but I'm assuming he was the manager on-duty and that we was trying to make an example out of us due to the executives sitting at the table next to us.We would also like to thank our waiter Alex for apologizing for the incident.
4	On my last trip I strolled through the Encore and stumbled upon this place during happy hour. I have to say they have some delightful happy hour specials and offerings! They make some interesting but delicious mojitos (although I question the actual alcohol content in them ...) and they have a good selection of beers, bites and entrees to share. The bar area is nice, clean and the seats are sticky so if you get too drunk you won't fall off!That was a joke ... I didn't really enjoy the sticky bar stools not because they were unclean but the material just stuck you to it ... hard to jump on and seat yourself correctly. The bartender was nice, and the service was okay (slow for happy hour). The food smells delicious and its a very chill environment to hang out in. I am looking for this place to definitely up its status once Encore gets going.
2	RUDE - we chose this place from an article a friend read. Our waiter had an attitude, I never knew a vegetable could have NO taste and don't even think about getting two separate checks if they already put it in the computer. Found much better food and service at Olive - I suggest that instead!
3	I waffled between giving this 2 and 3 stars, I wanted to like it. I hyped it up in my head because of it receiving an award as one of the best new restaurants in the country for 2009, I really wanted to like you Society, but your staff killed it for you. I ate here before seeing Le Reve (which I also reviewed) with a friend of mine. The first thing we noticed was that the decor of this place is very well done. It carries a black and white theme with an awesome olive green accent prevalent everywhere from the mosaic tile floors, to the walls, and the ceiling. I'm going to take that great design and apply it in my own home. As I mentioned above, though, our waiter killed the experience. It was difficult enough to get more water, it's a good thing he never asked us if we wanted a drink besides water, because it may have never come. He never asked how our meal was or if we needed anything, and he wasn't even the one who brought our food to our table. I expect better, especially from a resort that throws its ratings in your face telling you how awesome it is at being awesome!For the meal, I had the American Kobe Beef Hamburger. I've never had kobe beef before, and really wasn't quite sure what the big deal was. Maybe it was because the hamburger bun was a little dry, but I just wasn't impressed. The fries were good, though. Overall the food was decent but I would try something different if I go back. Basically, the only thing that really stood out about this place was the awesome decor, otherwise, I don't see how this was rated one of the best new restaurants in America in 2009. Must not have been that many opening with the recession!
3	Went twice this weekend, including a table next to Wynn himself on the first trip. First trip had the calamari and then the ham and cheese. Both were solid and definitely filled my belly. 2nd time went with the turkey club and avocado, delicious but a bit dry. Overall a solid choice to fill your tummy but nothing spectacular.
5	Last time I went to a "cafe" in Vegas, it was a glorified 24/7 coffee shop type deal.  This is no regular cafe.  It's much, much more.Try fried mac and cheese balls to start  - with a truffle dipping sauce.  OMG.  Just simply OMG.  Do not waste that sauce.  Get some bread.  Use your fingers.  Don't let them take it away.  Iceberg lettuce wedges salad.  Fantastic blue cheese dressing, complete with bacon and tomatoes.  Gotta get your greens right?  This is the way to go.  Three small wedges - perfect for a taste of green for two.I had the filet mignon Oscar style (with a crab cake on top).  Again... OMG.  Perfectly cooked filet, perfectly crispy crab cake.  Hubby ordered a special side of a grilled blue cheese (yes, more cheese) - and folks, that made the steak that much more yummy.Hubby had the lamb shank - fork tender, melt in your mouth goodness.The lady sitting by herself next to us was very kind and had ordered a pris fix meal, and offered to give us her homemade donuts - but we couldn't even think about it.  Tempted though.  Very tempted.Oh, and how could I forget?  The cocktail!  Strawberry Mojito...  Enough said.
4	My friends and I went to eat here since they could serve us quickly so we could head over to XS. The decor is gorgeous. I loved it. My friends loved the Calamari. The flatbread was good and I loved the mac and cheese balls. They were so delicious.  The donuts were awesome too but I wished they were a little warmer. The chocolate was rich and had a nutty undertone and the caramel was delightful. I really liked the pretzels that were served. Our service was great and we were able to get out of here within 30 minutes!
5	I went to Society Cafe at the Encore Christmas morning and right off the bat loved the lovely and welcoming decor. It's decorated mostly black and white colors with some bright pink couches and a few green walls, very chic. We had a reservation at 9:30am(early start for most guests in Las Vegas) but the place was getting busier and busier as time went on. I had some mixed fruit(all sweet and delicious), scambled eggs, sausage(really tasty), and roasted potatoes with ketchup which they put in a cute tiny container on my plate. The eggs and sausage were just the way I enjoy them. The coffee was also just as delicious, a great mild blend. Before our food came our waiter gave us tiny glasses of sparlking apple cider. It was so yummy and also just a refreshing way to start breakfast. I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!The service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and very nice/pleasant. I loved Society Cafe. I highly, highly recommend I would love to try their lunch or dinner here on another trip to Las Vegas.
3	I like the decor, the service is great, but the food is just A-OK. Came here for breakfast right about the time Encore had just opened. The omelette was overcooked as was the potatoes, the fruit platter was fresh at least. I would say nay on the first try, would come here  again if I am really hungry and nearby.
3	The breakfasts here are great. The menu offers many choices and great service. For lunch one day I had the ham and cheese sandwich which came with amazing little potato chips. This location is much more low key than the other restaurants in Encore and would be great if a family was staying with many different ages in the group.
4	Despite being the "daily diner" of Encore, it's arguably the best eatery of the bunch. I've been once for lunch and once for dinner and it is easily the best value of any Encore restaurant.  If you want proper service to go with classic yet inspired food, give Society Cafe a try.
4	I organized a business dinner here on Sunday because it was a great opportunity to see the Encore hotel and was a bit more casual, which was what we were going for.The decor is very hip, black and white with hot pink accents.  I liked the music they were playing - an eclectic mix of current top 40, older hits, jazz and some mellow club music.  The music was a bit loud, which would be fine for most occasions, but not for a business dinner.  We asked our waitress to turn the volume down and they did.  It was very accomodating of them.The mac+cheese balls are as good as everyone says, although my Italian guests were probably appalled at this very American concept.  I had the fruit and nut salad first and it was fantastic.  I loved the pomagranate seeds and the dressing was light and just right.  For my main course, I was pretty boring and ordered the chicken with mashed potatoes and green beans.  But it was delicious and hey, it's a classic.The food was great and the atmosphere, although not ideal for business, was fun and I can see myself returning for a girls night next time.
2	Eh, there's definitely plenty of better options in Vegas.  I keep going back and really wanting to like it, but every time I dine here, I'm under-whelmed.The food is ok, but way overpriced for what you get.  Definitely not a place to go if you want something flavorful and enticing.Breakfast is definitely the better time to go.  My favorite thing on their menu is the blood orange mimosa.
4	Same problem checking in and getting a table. They kind of just take their time to put your name in and seat you. Kinda strange. Food is still great though, so I'm bumping it up to 4 stars. Had the caesar and veggie flatbread. Solid combo. Hit it up, just don't be in a hurry to get seated.FYI, I feel like the breakfast portions are lacking but lunch is always solid. Might be smart to stick to a brunch time or later when going.
4	I really liked this place especially before going into club XS! I was there for new years with my girls and we had great service and good food!  The drinks were a little expensive but the plates are worth splitting and the drinks are good! The sangria at the bar was really good!  Not to pricey which is nice to have in Vegas! I felt like i was on the set of Gosip Girl with the atmosphere! I loves it here.
4	The review is kinda late but we came here on a saturday in september with the biggest hangover. We met the chef and he talked to us for a little bit and he brought us out small breakfast tapas. I ordered the corn flake crusted french toast. It was the best french toast ever. So cripsy and good. Nothing you expect when you think of french toast. It was topped with caramalized bananas. It was the best remedy for a 'tryst night of drinking'.
4	I think this place offers the most balanced menu of all the restaurants in both hotels. I've been here twice and my last meal last time was soo enjoyable. I had the fish tacos, where were a mixture between fresh tuna and small crunchy tacos. it was the best. I've had their filet mignon as well, which was cooked perfectly. The cost of their food is well worth it, more so then other restaurants in these 2 hotels. I also really enjoyed their preztel sticks! The staff was really well dressed and very attentive, and could certainly handle a joke or two.
3	I don't really have much to say about this place.  It is a good upper level cafe, with a more expensive menu.   Would I eat here again?  If I was staying at the Encore and needed a bite to eat that wasn't fast food, i'd definitely eat here!!!!!
4	My husband and I had an excellent breakfast on Saturday morning. Wonderful service and fantastic coffee. Yes, it's expensive, but so is everything in Las Vegas. Breakfast the next morning at the Terrace in the Wynn, although a couple dollars less expensive, was not nearly as good nor as nice of an experience, by a long shot.
4	I am so torn on this review...so buyer beware.  The real reason I am giving this place 4 stars is for the hot homemade donuts that they make for desert.  There are also 2 dipping sauces too...a chocolate and a buttery carmel...I love the carmel it takes the donut to another level.Also during dinner they put fresh homemade dough pretzels on the table with a butter mustard dipping sauce.  These are really good and a different twist on just throwing bread on someone's table...plus it is the only thing you can get for free at the Wynn.  I feel like a winner!We went with the pre-fixed menu and it was a good deal...you could choose a starter, entree and desert for $39.  I went with the rib-eye medium rare...it was suppose to be a peppercorn rub but I was able to get it without it...thank you chef.  The steak was cooked perfectly and came with Mr. Wynn's Special Steak Sauce...wow was it good...I had to ask for more because everyone at my table was dipping all of there food in it.Personally the staff is okay here...I would expect to be more impressed with this being a Wynn Property but it seems like the staff here are lacking in training.  I have never seen this place packed in all of the times we have eaten here, so maybe the really good waiters do not want to work here.My buddy ordered a calamari starter and it was so fishy I would have thrown it back into the sea.  The waiter asked if it was good and he said yes...but I would have sent it back.  If I had ordered that this place would be getting one star.The Mac and Cheese Bites Starter was also amazing too.  But Mac and Cheese Deep Fried better be good.I also started with the Lettuce Wedge with Blue Cheese and Bacon.  I had no idea that this could be bad.  First there is only one strip of bacon that was cooked two days ago sitting on top.  Maybe the Chef could have diced this up for me.  There was nice chunks of blue cheese but hardly any dressing...so it was very dry.So as you can see I am giving this place 4 stars but that is for those amazing donuts...everything else is just really good or really bad.  I should just commit to the 3 stars but I can't do it.  I am just not a 3 star guy.On Yelp it says that this place is Italian...there is nothing Italian about this place...there is one pasta dish but nothing else.  In fact, the menu covers ever food choice and is probably more American, then anything else.There is also a full bar too, so drink up my friends it is VEGAS!
4	Review for the Society Cafe as a wedding reception dinner sort of thing:Not sure how easy it was to plan this, but my friends Alexis and Chad just got married in Vegas at the Wynn and had their wedding reception at Society Cafe. The menu was a mixture of pre-set and choice. Appetizers were served family style (pigs in a blanket served with ketchup, pretzel breadsticks served with a stoneground mustard butter, buffalo "lollipop" wings with ranch). First course was a choice tomato bisque (served with a drizzle of basil oil in the initials of the couple and a crispy fried basil) or caesar salad. Second course we had a choice salmon with quinoa cake and citrus vinaigrette, roasted chicken, or trenne with truffle cream sauce and peas. Dessert was wedding cake.The service was efficient and professional and unobtrusive. The food was delicious (might be worth a mention that when serving 40+ ppl vs the standard 150-200+ at a wedding, quality of food is inversely proportional to the number of guests).
4	They did such an amazing job with the decor! I think I may love the fabric all over the walls more than the food but that doesn't mean the food isn't great. I especially love breakfast there. Overpriced? Sure, but welcome to Las Vegas.
5	Ok this is my favorite place to eat in Vegas.  It's a cafe----with ultra GOOD FOOD.  Its inside Encore hotel....and its AMAZING.  I have been for brunch and my favorite is FILET MIGNON STEAK AND EGG SLIDERS....they are to die for!  It's miniature sliders made with filet steak and eggs and creamed spinach on top and smashed in between cheddar bacon muffins.  I've also been for dinner and appetizers---the pizza app is delish, mac and cheese bites are DELISH...they also have good drinks.  This place is expensive....but I'm used to LA prices----so its very comparable to that.  They also have a lot of different types of bloody marys made fresh to order (at the tableside)....sooooooooo good!
4	This is the "coffee shop" that every casino/resort seems to have.   This one is located inside the Encore hotel, and oddly it's in a corner that most people don't walk by.It's a bit on the trendy side - loud music, very VERY comfy seats, and a menu that is a little above the ordinary fare you would usually find at other similar restaurants.   And, it's EXPENSIVE.Two of us had lunch - chicken caesar salad, and sliders, and two cokes.   Total for both with tip - $60.Was it worth it?  No.    But it was convenient and we figured by the time we went anywhere else and finally sat down it would be a while so we went for it.    We weren't sorry, and neither of us barked about the bill.   The hotel is expensive but you get the royal treatment - even at the coffee shop.I'm a fan, but if you're looking for a deal - take a walk to Denny's across the street.
4	Good food aplenty at this upscale yet casual cafe at the Encore (Wynn) right next to the club XS.  Simple, priced right, and a nice standard beer menu to wash it down.If you are a truffling ho like me (not to be confused with a "trifling ho"), Society's menu will have you tricking with your mouth in two seconds flat.  Liberal administration of truffle oil / butter / miscellaneous creamy goodness will have you so weak at the knees I can hardly speak I lose all control then something takes over me.  SWV!But all kidding aside, truffling hoes will want to avail yourselves and open your mouths to receive the culinary prowess I suggest to the following items you must say yes.  (repeat this sentence in your best Spoken Word voice).Item Number 1 - The Mac & Cheese Bites.  Every fat kid loves him some Mac & Cheese, and as a former man-breast recipient, I am no except to this rule.  But just like a nice, plump, man-breast, every classic dish needs a nice, hard twist.  Here's Society's twist on Mac & Cheese:  They place their Mac & Cheese into magically delicious and geometrically perfect cubes (with batter of some sort), and fry the living daylights out of them.  The result is a double whammy of flavor, first of the miscellaneous fried pleasure that can make the fishiest of fish and the blandest of vegetables taste like heaven (or I guess, hell, for you goth kids that can't relate), and second, of the Mac & Cheese, duh.  AND I HAVEN'T EVEN GOTTEN TO THE BEST PART YET!  You dip the Mac & Cheese bites into a truffle oil / butter / sauce concoction!  What happens next, in your mouth, folks, is mindblowing.  Not quite as mindblowing as Ricky Martin coming out of the closet, but mindblowing nonetheless.  Item Number 2 - The Trenne.I'm all about portmanteaus - "shart" being a particular favorite of mine.  But "trenee" is definitely a close second.  It is a combination of "triangle" and "penne" and explains the peculiarly-shaped pasta used in this dish.  It is, well, triangular penne.  Kind of like a hollow prism.  Actually, exactly like a hollow prism.  But I digress - the shape of the pasta has nothing to do with the flavor of this dish.  This pasta dish is served with a truffle cream sauce, crispy prosciutto, real truffles, and peas.  Men - I can all but guarantee that this dish will get you laid.  Women - I can all but guarantee that some man will read my review and buy you this dish.Their bone-in peppercorn dry-rub rib-eye (say that ten times fast) is spectacular too, but c'mon, who writes about steak these days?  That was so 2004.This place left a good taste in my mouth.  So good, in fact, that I didn't brush my teeth last night so I could taste it in the morning.  I will be back, Society Cafe Encore, I will be back.Happy truffling!
5	I was with a bachelorette party, so we did the bachelorette package ($45).  This food was amazing, one of the best dinners I ever had.  I was so angry that I got too full to eat every last bite.  We started out with the grilled artichoke, mac & cheese bites, fruit and nut salad and their breadsticks which are pretzels and so yummy.  All of these apps. were sooo good I especially enjoyed the mac & cheese bites.  The salad was really yummy could have done with less weedy lettuce.  For the main course I got the Trenne, omg soo good.  The pasta was perfectly cooked.  Other people got the chicken which was uber good and the salmon, which I didn't try but she said it was also amazing.  To finish it off we got the huge chocolate cake and the donut bites.  Heaven.  Wish I had more room in my belly to eat it all up.  Oh also, the service was perfect.  I'm for sure going back here next time I'm in Vegas, I want to go back to Vegas for this place alone.
4	Caught a quick bite to eat here the other day while staying at the Encore.  Absolutely delicious food!  As I found out during my stay at the Encore, the food at all of the establishments were amazing.  Service was great.  I would not recommend for date night as it is a little more open and not as private or contains a great ambiance.  But the food was delectable and I would definitely return.  Stop by for lunch!
4	Yummy pretzels great ambiance- had a chicken salad the chicken was a tad dry but the toppings and dressing were very healthy. Boyfriend had sloppy Joe sliders with sweet potato fries he said they were tasty. I ordered the "delicious" drink and it was refreshing- I'd go back fairly reasonable.Went back again for breakfast had bloody marys and fritata- very good healthier type restaurant. A bit pricey though 75-80 for 2 drinks and 2 omelets
5	Very nice casual cafe. Love the hot pretzels. Stopped here for a snack last night before heading to SW Steakhouse- very well decorated and the staff were very professional.
5	A fantastic american contemporary restaurant where you can always find something amazing...Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner. The quality and service is 5 star as well as the decor. Amazing French Toast to Kobe Burgers you decide.
5	The Food here is to die for! We went here on a whim when looking for breakfast at around 10am last Friday morning. I had the waffle and it was one of the best I have ever had. My cousin had the frosted flake french toast and we all heard about how nothing could ever compare the whole rest of our stay. The restaurant itself is delightful and the decor is like something out of My fair Lady or Gigi (I give you serious credit if you have a clue what movie I am referring to but basically its like something out of the early 1900's high society places.) I couldn't stop talking about how cute the place was. So the combo of cuteness and amazing food wins again! Society I miss you already.
2	Don't ask me why I got Fish and Chips... probably not the best thing to order at a place like this, but I did NOT expect it to taste like something out of the frozen food section at a local grocery store!I expected to be somewhat crispy and have some kind of a taste, but the fish and chips here was bland and SOGGY!  :( I rather eat a McDonald's Fillet O Fish...The Ahi Tuna Taco was not so bad, but they should probably go easy on the level of spice.  I love spicy food, but for this dish, the spice overpowered everything else.It was definitely not worth an hour wait...  Probably won't be coming back here again.
3	On my first day of arrival at Encore, we were looking for quick food to eat before heading out to XS that night.  We were starved and walked around the hotel like we were lost..(We were indeed lost, since it was our first time staying at the Encore.)  After a good walk, we gave up and chose the closest restaurant around us and that was open.  What do you know.. we ended up withSociety Cafe Encore.I thought to myself.. "A Cafe!! Nice!!! Cheaper food!!!"  But as we walked into the restaurant.. I changed the thought to..." Damnn.. Fancy cheap food perhaps?"The decor itself was a bit strange.  A bit too much and felt disordered.  I can see where they tried the theme of plushy red and black seats, with silky dark colored curtains everywhere.  It was different but I couldn't quite catch what they were trying to do.  Yes, I know. It is ENCORE.. More out of the norm decoration to make themselves stand out compared to other hotels.. Service was excellent.  Definitely not your ordinary cafe service, a plus!  I ended up ordering theSirloin burger with fries. $15 http://media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/SKxtRSHw8AT4o0vPFTcqIw/l-fries were delicious.  Not too oily and crisp.  Condiments came on the side.  The dish itself was very presentable.  Not your ordinary let's dab on everything on the burger kind of style.  This filled me up enough for last minute binge eating before the drinking debauchery that I had left overs for later on.  Meat was tender and cooked just right,.If you need a bite to eat downstairs, come right on down!  Relaxing and casual place to eat, with a nice interior indeed!
4	Any restaurant that can successfully host a wedding party and actually provide good food - from the hors d'oeuvres to the appetizers to the main entrees - definitely deserves at least 4 stars. In fact, I still dream about the appetizers: buffalo wing "lollipops", the best crab cakes I've ever had, and fried mac-n-cheese balls (drool-worthy pictures provided). The cafe itself is chic (almost excessively so) and the friendly-yet-aloof service is exactly what you'd expect at a fashionable cafe named Society. Overall, I had a great experience there and definitely want to go back for a regular dinner and some more of their yummy mojitos.*EDIT*Misti Y. made me realize that I should clarify something: it wasn't MY wedding =)
3	After getting stamped at XS, BFF and I were starving. Since the club was just barely starting to fill up and nobody else in our group was hungry, we figured we had time to grab a bite to eat. The nearest cafe to the left of the exit had a waiting period of 20 mins and we didn't want to wait, so we headed in the opposite direction. We ended up at Society Cafe.Tuna tacos ($14): Spicy tuna tartare, crispy tortilla, avocado creamIt's been 1.5 weeks and I still can't forget about these! The tacos are unbelievably cute (I really regret not taking a picture of them). They were heartily stuffed with tuna, which I wasn't expecting. I expected the tacos to have a couple of pieces of tuna at most, but I was wrong! Perfect balance of spice and a drizzle of avocado cream.American Kobe Burger ($19): Lettuce, tomato, onions, picklesBFF looked like he was enjoying his burger immensely, which was actually kind of weird because he would NEVER eat anything of this sort if we were at home (he's VERY health-conscious). He ended up eating the entire burger and fries.French fries ($7): Pretty decent. Not the freshest-tasting fries I've had, but they were pretty tasty. BFF agreed.Pretzel breadsticks (complimentary): YUM YUM YUM! I usually watch my carbs intake, but I was willing to throw all that out the window for these things. It didn't really help that BFF asked for a second cup of breadsticks after we had devoured the first cup.VERY friendly service staff, although the kitchen was extremely slow. BFF was buzzed and couldn't figure out if it was just him or if we had actually been waiting for our food for a long while. But I was completely sober and yes- we waited about 30-35 minutes for his burger and my fries.I'll definitely be back for more of those tuna tacos and pretzel breadsticks, though!
4	Great place with chic decor. Has a little bit of everything to satisfy any palate. The pretzel bread was an immediate hit at our table. I ordered the sea scallops which were a tad on the salty side but the watermelon and arugula salad balanced it out nicely. Other high compliments at our table: pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries (yummy!), the orechiette pasta, the jidori chicken, and mac and cheese bites. The biggest hit of all? Warm donut bites for dessert. So delish!Service was decent. Our waiter, who went by both Oscar and TJ (we never really were told his name), was not particularly interested in being friendly but all the other wait staff were so nice and helpful that it made up for Oscar/TJ.And from all the other rave reviews about breakfast, I guess I will just have to go back again!
3	Service = POOR. Food = good. We saw our waiter once, and each time we needed something, we had to flag down another person. He took our order and was gone. We saw him at other tables but he never gave us the time of day. Perhaps it's because we let him know that we were only there for coffee and dessert, and not feeling a big tip coming, he cut and ran. We ordered the house-made donut holes which came in a little paper bag and with two dipping sauces - dark chocolate and caramel. The caramel was by far my favorite as the chocolate had a real bitterness to it. We also split their take on a banana split. The ice cream was so full of flavor and served in an almond praline cup which I promptly devoured. The banana portion ended up being 3 banana halves dipped in white, milk, and dark chocolate and then frozen. It was a neat way to approach the sundae and I enjoyed it. The most fun was that the ice cream itself was topped with Pop Rocks! They did all kinds of fun stuff once they hit your tongue. The bill for 2 desserts and 2 coffees came to $30.
4	We were in LV for a birthday party weekend for a good friend.  Kicked things off at Society Cafe shortly after check for some yummy food and cocktails....LOVED the tuna tartare tacos with wasabi creme fraiche and the Grilled Chicken Salad and the turkey burger. Pretzel bread and mustard butter were wonderful. ...didn't LOVE the buffalo wings. Taste exactly like Chili's. We ate a few meals here...not all that in just one.Service was excellent-quick and attentive each time we visited.(But these were off hours)  The wine list worked for me-I was drinking  Momo chardonnay (hey-it was early) but later we popped by and their mojito's were great.I read another yelper's comment about the bloody mary cart but I was told that the bloody marys here were the best in LV. Unfortunately I didn't get to try one.  Next time will definitely have to try the donut hole dessert with the variety of sauces. Fun!
5	Society is just outright delicious.Everything on the menu is fantastic and filling, however the steak and egg sliders at breakfast are something that can never be described by words, you simply have to try it for yourself.Great atmosphere with an awesome bar (best happy hour on the north side of the strip)... Society is a place I far too often find myself hanging out whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	A solid 3 stars. Really nothing to cry home about esp. in the land of some really fantastic foods. We stopped by here after we caught Le Reve and before we all went out to boogie the night away at tryst. I'll give it to them the decor is kinda cool and their food presentation is adorable... mini ketchup bottles make me feel like a giant.. the food however was just lacking in some ways. I ordered 2 appetizers: mac and cheese balls, and the lamb and beef meat balls. I was pretty happy with it. It was decent, filling. The mac and cheese was a little over salted but tasty. the meat balls...meh. The others in our group got all different types of burgers... apparently that was the theme of the night. Everything was okay. a little over cooked and a little dry and a little too small but still satisfying. It wasn't the most memorable of a meal but it was a meal that we were happy with. 3 stars for the decent food and high prices and the creepy dudes in the restaurant and the waiter that kinda looked like Mr. Bean and lurked around...
4	Stopped in for post pool time lunch, and had the best grilled cheese sandwich of my life!  The fries were pretty good, and we were each served tiny ketchup bottles, not the mini jars.  The decor is lush, as it is in the rooms, very sexy and chic, full of damask prints and boasted raspberry red, black and white theme throughout.  I felt sheepish coming in from the pool, wearing coverup dress, especially when Holly Madison walked in and sat down by our table!  When I go back to Vegas I hope to stay at the Encore next time, not just visit a guest.
2	Stopped by for dinner and this place did not leave any fond memories.The waiter highly recommended and complimented the "mac & cheese bites" so we decided to give it a try. When we actually tried it, I thought it was a disappointment. Yes, I adore mac & cheese, but have it fried and presented in bite sizes didn't really rock my world. Next, I ordered the salmon entree, and it was definietly lacking. The salmon was dried, crumbly, and bland. It was overcooked and topped off with a squirt of lemon. Unfortunately, I had to force the salmon down my throat because I was about to do some heavy drinking at XS. All in all, the salmon was not worth the price I paid. I should've stucked with a burger instead.
4	I found this place through Yelp! And I was not disappointed..We got all appetizers - Shrimp cocktail, fried rock shrimp and calamari, sweet potato fries, and the MAC&CHEESE bites. And a watermelon mojito was my sweet treat. Everything tasted great and their service was superb! I would definitely come here again just for the mac & cheese bites. Mmm...
4	Food was 3.5 stars, but the fact that it was affordable and on the strip makes me round up. The food was great! Got the lollipop chicken wings to start - seriously what part of the chicken is that? Or how did they cut it...I am so confused. They were a great way to start the dish. Then moved onto the main entree, I got the scallops which was great. I have been on a bit of a scallop kick and these were definitely some of the better scallops I've had. Service was great, our waiter was hilarious, friendly, and attentive. I will definitely come here next time I am in Vegas.
4	Had breakfast and dinner there over several days. They make first class omlettes and other terrific breakfast foods but their Bloody Marys are delicious and defintely worth the price. Definitely get one there. It is especially good after all night drinking at the clubs. Dinner was delicious as well. I had excellent Caprese salad followed by well prepared salmon. Service was fine and price is very reasonable for Vegas. Definitely a place to return to
4	We stayed at the Encore last week and we went to Society 5 times! It is perfect for lunch, we didn't try dinner. Why spend so much money for crappy food by the pool? Society does food to go, it's nice to get out of the sun for a little bit and order food at the bar. My husband was in love with the Sloppy Joe sliders. Over the coarse of the weekend I had the turkey club,market  chopped salad and the fruit and nut salad. They were all great, but the Market Chopped salad was def my favorite!! We ended up here for drinks  after dinner 2 nights as well, the staff is very nice!! Def check it out if you are staying at the Encore!
5	Very beautiful place for a casual bite to eat. I totally fell in love and will definitely go back! Their sweet potato fries are amazing and are crisped to perfection! I also got some kind of turkey sandwich last time, which was actually very good! It went perfectly with my side of sweet potato fries. The service is also beyond great! I would highly recommend this place if you happen to be in vegas! it's definitely worth it..... at least once!
3	This review pertains to lunch prix fixe for Restaurant Week.The Skinny: upscale overpriced American comfort foods but doesn't deliver completely (3) service: upscale diner type service (3) value: expensive for what it is (2)My hubby really wanted to hit Society Cafe this week for their $20.10 special for restaurant week. Luckily my husband being as astute as he is, noticed some wording on the menu. For the entree, the sandwiches are listed as "slider" (singular). When asked, the server did confirm that there was only 1 slider provided for the Restaurant week menu.Don't get me wrong but 1 slider/small sandwich, a side salad/soup, and three donut holes for $20.10? 'xcuse me... I thought this was Restaurant week, not Jenny Craig. Well, at least they threw in a couple of pretty tasty warm pretzel breadsticks with mustard butter but still. If  you ordered off their regular menu, the sloppy joes plus fries are only $14 - just saying.Okay, enough breathe and remind yourself that this is for charity. Breathe. On to the  food.Although it was nice to see they used real turkey in their turkey club sandwich, the turkey was rather dry. The sandwich was very unbalanced - too much filling for the size of the roll (1/3rd an avocado, a large amount of dry turkey, 2 slices of large tomato, plus 2 strips of bacon all squished into a roll.Salad was on the sweeter side but tasted pretty good. Good for the price? Not really. But regardless, it was good. My husband ordered the soup which he said was okay, not great.The warm doughnut bites were good but weren't the best doughnut holes ever. The outside wasn't crispy enough while the texture of the doughnut was tad too dense and dry.Overall, okay food, exorbitant prices. A 3 star review.
2	Service was excellent. Food was just okay. Don't order the sea bass unless you want to eat fishy skin. The burger was ok but In-N-Out is much better and about 10% of the cost.  Donuts were not that good either. Pluses are the pretzel bread and the Philly cheese steak pot stickers. I recommend eating somewhere else unless you just want a good appetizer.  Also it is way overpriced. Should be $$$ or $$$$ on the price scale.
4	Ate here @ around 3 am with my girls after being at Surrender.  Good for after clubbing chow.  I had the burger medium-rare and it was cooked nicely and tasted yummy.  Fries that came with it were crispy and not too greasy. Friends had the flat bread, donuts and the lollipop buffalo wings and everyone enjoyed their food.  Prices decent.  Would definitely eat there again if it was an option.
3	Great place for bar snacks. Loved the plush and glamourous decor. Great for people watching. Must order the Mac and Cheese bites: Fried bite size mac and cheese.
4	Cute place, good service and the pear mojito might be the best drink I've ever had. I would go back just for that drink.
2	We were staying at the hotel, and needed a quick breakfast. Food tasted good going down, but caused itself to come out very quickly afterwards. For both of us. And we ordered different dishes. I'd give one star, but as I say, tasted good. They make tableside Bloody Mary's which is impressive to watch, but honestly, had better. Even their basic version is spicy, so don't even attempt the Cajun Mary if you are at all sensitive to heat.With so many great restaurant's in Vegas, don't bother, unless you need a quick meal and are right there. And if so, hope your are wearing Depends.
2	Not bad for breakfast or lunch. One star for price three for the food.
5	My Wife below is in trouble for not leaving five stars!!There are 100s of top restaurants in Vegas but as far as I am m concerned SOCIETY is number 1. Breakfast lunch and dinner all in one place with 5 star quality food. For breakfast the french toast is my choice!! for lunch The sloppy Joe sliders and burgers are Great!And for Dinner the steaks and entrees are all very good.Even just go for appetizer and get the fried Mac and cheese.OR WAIT GET THE ICE CREAM THEY PUT POP ROCKS ON TOP!!!  One Night we had a 200$ dinner in Tao and ended up eating here at 11:30 cause we were starving. Also this is a great option for poolside dinning. They serve there full menu to go. So order at the bar, cool off, get a beer and bring your Burger or chopped salad to the Pool. I can go on and on about society but ill leave you with this: Instead of complimentary bread they serve you fresh baked pretzels. Well Done Society your staff is great, service is superb, and food is TOP NOTCH!!!
4	Loved breakfast here!!  Had the ultimate steak and egg sliders, Oscar Benedict, eggs with country ham, and quiche trio.  The sliders were perfectly seasoned especially the creamed spinach on bacon-cheddar muffin (everything is better with bacon!).  The Oscar Benedict is  egg benedict with crab cake, super yummy with lumps of crab meat.  Nice sized country ham, very tasty.  Quiche is alright, good taste, not extraordinary.Also ordered mango smoothies which had BANANA.  When I ordered a mango smoothies, I expect it to taste more of mango than banana.  The server was very nice though, when I asked to confirm presence of banana in the mango smoothies, he said yes and offered to change immediately.  Great ambiance - nicely decorated.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Still yearning for the Oscar Benedict :D
3	I want to like Cafe Society as much as I like other Wynn/Encore restaurants, but for some reason it just feels like it doesn't quite hit the mark. The food is decent, albeit expensive for what you get, and the atmosphere is okay, so I'm not sure why this one falls a bit shorter than other venues here.The service is okay, the food is fresh, the desserts look amazing but really aren't very good at all (with the exception of their mini doughnuts. My wife always wants to eat here for one of her favorite salads, the chopped one, which she has been trying to recreate at home ever since she first had it.The servers here are a mixed bag. I've had great service and just so so, and it doesn't seem to matter how busy they are. Also, the portions are very stingy when it comes to the trio orders of sandwhiches, sloppy joes, sliders or whatever you are trying. Don't think these expensive sampler plates are going to be enough to make a meal of.Probably the highlight of this place for me is the flatbread.
5	Best Sloppy Joe's known to man!!!We discovered Society Cafe for the first time last December during our first stay at the Encore.  It was an odd hour and was pretty much empty...perfect for our hangovers!!!  We plopped down at the bar and ordered some drinks and requested menus.  In my hungover state all that I could see on the menu was "Sloppy Joe's".  They come in sliders and in a burger form.  I ordered the Sloppy Joe sliders.  They were so good that I actually finger licked my plate clean of all Sloppy Joe juice...totally disgusted my husband.  Once the headaches began to lift we began talking to the two bartenders working...Robert and Eric.  Freaking HILARIOUS!!!!  We had so much fun sitting with them that we returned every day for lunch for the rest of our stay.  I had a Sloppy Joe every single day for lunch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We have been frequenting Vegas this past year and everytime we are in town we eat lunch at Society Cafe and sit at the bar so we can be entertained by our favorite Vegas bartenders.  I ALWAYS order the Sloppy Joe sandwich (more Sloppy Joe meat than the sliders) and am ALWAYS satisfied.  My husband has tried some other things on the menu and has thought everything was good, but he LOVES the sweet potato fries.  I am not a fan of sweet potatoes, but he raves about these..I highly recommend Society Cafe to any Sloppy Joe fans!!!  However, I do recommend sitting at the bar as the restaurant tends to have a bit of a stuffy/quiet vibe to it!!!
4	Society Cafe at the Encore serves the best burgers I have ever tasted!! After spending a couple of hours at XS my group and I decided to leave and find a place to eat. In the midst of our drunken stupor we came across this cute cafe. I was grateful that we were able to dine and be served at such a late hour in the night. To be quite honest, I'm not quite the burger fan however I'm glad I ordered one here. I suggest ordering the Society Cafe burger, it comes with a large cup of fries. And if you're up for it, ask for it to be cooked rare. This ensures that the meat will be tender and juicy. I highly recommend Society Cafe at the Encore. :)
2	I went for a four course prix-fixe, and I left scratching my head.  I realized that I almost immediately forgot what I ate!  Two things did stand out -- the GOOD - oily but tasty mac & cheese fried balls.  Unfortunately, however, there was also the BAD - overly dry salmon entree - the rest of the meal was rather unmemorable and inspired.  I also vaguely remember little doughnuts as desserts that were a bit too doughy and lacked that nice sweet punch that says "WHAM!  You just enjoyed that meal!"Sorry Society Cafe...no Encore for you....
5	This place is great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. I actually had the chopped salad EVERY day we were there, it was that good. I highly recommend the blood orange mimosas for breakfast, and they make them table side! My husband has the filet mignon breakfast sliders. They were incredible!!!I read the reviews about the salmon, and I was wary, but I got it anyway, and it was PERFECT.Did I mention the Bailey's float I got for dessert!? Amazing.
3	We went for last night for their $39 prix fixe Thanksgiving dinner. Made a reservation for 7pm, but we were early so had to wait a bit.The prix fixe dinner was a Kabocha Squash Soup and Slow-Roasted Free Range Turkey with pancetta and sage stuffing, mashed potato, root vegetables and cranberry compote. The included dessert would have been a pumpkin tart, but they ran out. Instead they offered donut bites, which felt oddly unequal to the promised pumpkin tart, so we skipped it.The soup was very creamy and delicious. To go along with the soup we were given some pretzel bites and some kind of mustard butter that tasted fantastic. The turkey tasted good, but there wasn't enough gravy. To my disappointment the restaurant sits right next to the casino floor. The pictures on their site make the atmosphere look much more secluded and interesting. Unfortunately you can still hear all of the slot machines beeping and dinging away, so it isn't the most pleasant dining experience.So the food was good, but overall the experience wasn't that great. If you want dinner for a special occasion, go elsewhere.
4	Lattes were good. Hubby loved his sliders, I enjoyed my Eggs Benedict.
3	We ate here on a Friday afternoon with 6 girls total.  It was nice as we didn't have to wait for a table at all.  I ordered the Steak Frites ($23).  It came with:sirloin steak: I got it medium rare - it was a little over cooked to be honest but it was tolerable.french fries: I guess you can't really go wrong with fries but it did come with a cut small ketchup bottle.salad: I thought the salad was light and simple but tasty.I'd like to warn you that the portions are pretty small.  I think next time in Vegas I'd probably opt to go to the Wynn buffet vs. dining at Society Cafe.  I guess it was worth a try but I don't think I'd come back again.
3	I actually want to enjoy this place.  Our group of 9 arrived promptly for a reservation.  The host seated our group amazingly quick.  We were in the back area, and at the time, had the whole area to our party.  As other patrons arrived, it turned into a screaming kid-zone...  I never understood why parents bring their 7, 8, 9-year old kids to Vegas.  There's nothing for them to do there.Anyway, the food was amazing, albeit, a little overpriced, but that's expected at Wynn/Encore.  The bread were sticks of soft pretzel and they gave some butter with mustard seeds.When the food was brought out, the group that brought it out got everybody's order wrong.  The plates were correct, but they were going to the wrong person.  Very bad.  It would have looked better if he had just asked the table who had which dish instead of giving everybody the wrong one and then playing musical dishes with hot plates.I ordered the Fish & Chips.  The fish was very tasty, crisp on the outside, and melt in your mouth on the inside.  It was full of juice, actually.  The chips were okay, got too many of those little end pieces in a small triangular cylinder (for presentation only).Then, at the end, the birthday girl got a pre-arranged slice of 7-layer chocolate cake.  That cake was at least a foot tall (with so many layers!)  Our waiter was very nice and accommodated all of our requests.
5	Ridiculously good. The moment you walk in, you realize that...you just walked into a world of fine dining, amazing atmosphere, great service, for an amazing price. no seriously, the Quality to Price ratio is pretty big. The waiter that served us was very helpful, very informative. He seems to know his stuff, and that is impressive. He basically led my group and I to ordering what he recommended. Like a magician!The food....my goodness the food is delicious. I had the Berkshire Pork Two Way, basically its roasted tenderloin and crispy pork belly on top of a butternut squash mash...holy crap it was decadent. That crispy pork belly was just melt in your mouth sinful goodness. Saturated fat means nothing to me anymore. My cousin got the American Kobe Burger...and generally i do not prefer over-the-top burgers, for the simple reason that there's just too much between two buns to really taste anything distinct...but man, this place does it right. The patty was not overdone, perfectly cooked med. rare, the deepfried rockshrimps in the burger was so dam good, i was almost jealous i didnt order that instead. Society Cafe does fine dining, and it does it right.moral of the story here: take a lesson and get a little classy at the Society Cafe. It may make you feel a little pretentious, but man, you will not care one bit.
4	Exquisite and creative cafe food and a premium price.  If you re looking to dine @ Wynn/Encore for the sake of doing so, this is your only entry point.  Pulled pork sandwich is quite simply extraordinary. If i stayed here, id eat here once per day.
4	Great decor, excellent service, great food!  The only problem is that it's so good that you want more but the portions are small! Excellent from start to dessert.
3	Only had breakfast. Food was good but probably not worth the price. Decor is fabulously whimisical. Service very good. It's pretty close to the pool and it was a nice place to have a nice meal while still in swimwear (and a coverup of course!)
4	Needs some love- probably 4.5 stars, but here goes. Went on Sun evening for a less glitzy (and less huge meal) during January stay.  This is not fine dining, but the decor is beautiful.  Yes, you will be just off the casino floor--this is not SW or Prime.  Our waiter (Caleb) -- Aussie accent (so it sounded to me) took care of us even though we were there to graze off splitsies on flatbread pizza and a burger to share.  They split in kitchen for us// doubled the fries and alas, no split plate charge.  Nice.  Took a piece of the layer cake back to room, to go.  It was absolutely huge.  We split it at the end of the night and still pretty much ate half... not bad, but I don't even like huge desserts (so you've been warned).Cocktails were top-notch (you don't want to ask for them on the casino floors anyway... never mixed right!).  Good meal, good service, good value (for this town and this property).  Caleb treated us great; was enlivened and entertaining even though we weren't going to make him a bunch with our "small meal" order.  Kudos, man!
4	3 stars for the food, but the extra star is for the exceptional service.Let's start with food.Mix Trio Salad and that was good. It was cesars, which was just ok, a fruit and nut one and that was really good and appetizing and I forgot the third one.  Overall, good experience.My entree was the Pulled Pork Sandwich. Says it comes with slaw and I thought it was on the side, but it is stacked on top of the sandwich.So I'm allergic to carrots and started pulling out the slaw and I think one of the waiters overheard me and came over to tell me that they would be happy to make another sandwich w/out slaw.That is exceptional service!!!
3	We only came here for one reason, it was conveniently located inside the Encore which is the hotel we were staying at and needed to grab a bite.  Picked Society over over-priced Asian food.AMBIANCEWhen you think "cafe" you think coffee, juice, sandwiches, etc.  This is definitely not your typical cafe so don't be fooled by the name.  The decor is beautiful, modern, and clean, and it's nothing less than what you'd expect from Encore/Wynn.FOODThe food was good.  No, I don't dream about it every night and probably won't make the extra effort to come back and eat here if I was staying at another hotel, but it was still considered good.  We got the spicy tuna tacos which was tasty.  I got the white meat chicken which came out perfect- not dry at all.  My friend got fish which I didn't care to try but he said it was good.PRICEIt's the Encore, it's Vegas! Nothing is ever considered overpriced here right? Two people's main entree (no steak) with an appetizer and no drink cost us about $100 (including tip/tax) so not toooo shabby, but don't think you're coming here and paying anything less.OVERALLEverything was pretty ok for me, which is the reason why I give it 3 stars. No real complaints besides the fact that it didn't blow me away, which I think then "a-ok" is rightfully deserved.
4	Stopped in for a lovely free champagne and pizza special. My friends and I were able to hang around and relax while being continually served both food and alcohol. The margherita pizza was absolutely perfect and the service was impeccable!
3	My friends and I stayed at the Encore and decided not to leave the hotel for dinner on our first night. We happened upon Society Cafe and the. menu seemed to have good options so the five of us chose to give it a try. Even though the restaurant was mostly empty, we had to wait to be seated, which surprised us. Once seated, we were given the pretzel bread with mustard butter, which was delicious. We all ordered light meals and were glad we did. The food was delicious and well presented. Our waiter wasn't very friendly and seemed annoyed by some of our questions, but the food runner was very gracious and you could tell he liked his job. While I was impressed with Encore as a whole, I'm not sure I'd go back to Society Cafe. It didn't make me feel warm and fuzzy.
4	LOVED the decor, LOVED the service.  The salmon, grilled artichokes and shishito peppers were all fabulous.  I have a gluten sensitivity and they have a special food allergen menu, which was presented to me after being seated (thanks to my thoughtful boyfriend who told them about my special diet when he made the reservation!) so this wins big points from me, it's so rare to find a restaurant who even knows what I mean by gluten-free.  Our waitress and the whole wait-staff actually was spot on.  Oh, and, my boyfriend really liked the pretzel bread.  The prices are a bit, shall we say, Wynn.  (Hence the 4 stars and not 5.)  It's a great little spot!
4	i love this place. the food is lovely. i've had better mac and cheese balls for much less money... there are better things to pick from on their menu. the service is top notch.
3	Was at Society Cafe for a super bowl party.  Paid 85/person which included a set menu family syle.  The food was very good overall.  The service was terrible.  Our server changed three times and I think they got worse each time.  Will not go back again.
4	Food good and so was the service.  Nolan is an excellent server.
4	Profound selection of savory meals in open stylish atmosphere.
5	Vegans rejoice!  The Wynn and Encore are thinking about you and are doing vegan with style. All the Wynn restaurants offer vegan menus, because Steve Wynn recently became one. We just had a delicious breakfast at the Society Cafe. The vegetable flatbread was amazing.  My wife had a chopped salad with avacado and a refreshing lemon tarragon dressing. The service was excellent.
3	The thing with Vegas is if you are feeling lazy and not wanting to venture outside the little town known as your Hotel, you're kinda stuck with the dining options in the hotel.  Enter Society.There was a 15-20 minute wait for 2 people on a Saturday morning.  That's expected.  I figured the food would be jaw dropping or at least saliva inducing.  How I came to this conclusion was the lovely decor, but don't judge a book by its cover.Food was just okay.  I had the egg white and goat cheese fritatta.  I imagined a nice juicy fritatta with goat cheese interspersed throughout.  NOPE!! There was just a little dollop of whipped goat cheese sitting a top of my fritatta.  Coffee was delicious, but it's kinda hard to screw up coffee.
4	For a cafe in Vegas its very goodThe sloppy Joe sliders are great to cure a hangover
5	First, of all let me begin by saying that this review is for breakfast only.Second, let me tell you that I have woken up everyday since returning from Vegas craving their "Oscar Benedict" eggs. And everyday I've grown crankier and depressed as the day goes on bc I can't get them in NY. This may be a problem. For $21 (yes $21 calm down... they're more than worth it) you get crab cakes with poached eggs, asparagus and hollandaise sauce drizzled on top. You don't understand. I refused to speak the entire time. Every bite was heaven. It may have been one of my favorite moments during the trip. Needless to say, I went back for more every day for breakfast.  Total tummy orgasm.  During breakfast??! And here I was thinking such an experience was pure breakfast foodie myth.Till we meet again Oscar  ;-)
3	Came here for my final lunch in Vegas.  Was feeling lazy so we did not want to leave the beautiful Encore grounds. I had the lunch box special which was a choice of soup or salad (they probably had at least 5-8 choices), sandwich or slider and dessert (donut or fruit). I went with the caprese salad, turkey club and donuts.  The bf had the filet mignon sliders and we started with the Mac n cheese bites.  Mac n cheese bites were delicious!! There's plenty for just two so we packed the rest to go.  Our food came out a bit later.  My caprese salad was good but I thought the turkey was dry for my sammie.  The filet sliders were good but sorta skimp on the meat.  Overall great service, beautiful relaxing atmosphere and on the pricey side.  But hey if you're staying at Encore you can afford it!
3	Everything was booked so we ended up at Society on a late Saturday night for dinner. I thought it was going to be an unspectacular, overpriced meal but it wasn't. The food was good and the price point was fair considering the location and decor. I ordered from the chef's menu for $41 and selected the tomato bisque (yum! rich and creamy, not too salty), orechiette pasta (also yummy with brussels sprouts, roasted tomatoes and asparagus) and the bite sized donuts (served warm); and shared the chicken wings, it was so cute, looks like a lollipop and tasted great. The staff was really friendly and attentive too. Another place I would dine at the next time I'm in sin city.
4	It's in Encore, so of course its pricey. But the happy hour isn't bad. Monday through Friday, 4pm to 7pm, two for one drinks. $13 fruity drinks or $6 beers FOR TWO. Food wad decent but still overpriced for happy hour. Money not being an object I'd totally chill here.
4	This review is based on four separate dining experiences here.  Society Cafe in Encore has a strikingly elegant dining room of black and white drapes and decor -- a paradox to its casual dining experience (there's a mini sports bar inside the cafe).  It is that sort of peculiar juxtaposition that makes this place interesting.  The menu appears to be stock with typical diner standards of burgers, sliders, club sandwiches, usual breakfast options, European salads, and steak selections.  Unlike most cafes and diners, Society Cafe balances cool with class and friendly service.  I had the filet sliders the first time here for dinner.  The patty was nicely cooked with a perfect hint of pink.  This set of tiny burgers are complemented with grilled onions and house horseradish sauce.  The combination of condiments give the sliders a slight gamey taste resembling buffalo.  It is served alongside an aluminum cup of thin fries (you can choose between sweet potato or russet), which were crispy and not too salty. My second entree was the American Kobe burger.  The patty was nicely seasoned and cooked.  My only complaint was that the burger buns were under, which broke apart upon gripping.  The face could have used a minute or so extra on the grill.I reserve my praise for the roast salmon.  It was beautifully cooked, moist.  The hint of sweet and sour from the accompanying citrus salad balances out the fish.  The pilaf was wonderfully al dente.  It was the highlight of my repeated visits.If you come here for breakfast, I recommend the banana french toast; it's pleasantly light (not too sweet) despite its description.  Also, be sure to try some of the fresh-squeezed juices, most notably grapefruit and orange.
4	The best thing about this place is the pretzel breadsticks you get to nosh on while you wait for your food.  I had lunch this time and the hamburgerwas great, but for the price you know it should be.  I had the tobacco onions(crunchy) avacado, bacon that makes your burger $19.00.  it also comes with fries that when you first look at the little cone you think HMMM this is not going to be enough, but it was.  if you just want to treat yourself this burger is good, but not an everyday kind of in-n-out thing.  And when you leave don't forget your swedish fish, they are in the bowl at the waitress' post
5	Presentation is everything!  From the awesome decor to the very thoughtfully put together dishes.  Everything was so pretty I almost did not want to eat it...almost!  The pretzel bread sticks with the grainy mustard butter were a wonderful surprise.  I didn't think it sounded good at first, but, here goes...I was wrong!  The buffalo lollipop chicken was so cute and so yummy!  I like my wings to not be chewy fat, these were nice and cooked well.  The dipping sauce for the calamari was very tasty.  I had the tuna tartar tacos as a meal just to try something I would never try and I am so glad I did!  Delicious!  My husband had the fish and chips.  It was cooked perfectly, he says.  The atmosphere was nice, but not stuffy.  It was just a fun meal and I wish I would have eaten more of my meals here.
5	We stayed at Encore during our Vegas trip, we tried a few restaurants within the hotel, Society Cafe was one of them. We went there for brunch. We got seated right away. I liked the interior very much such as the black and white floral velvet drapes, the checker styled flooring, the dark leather booth. It had this classy retro feel to it. We ordered the crab benedict, choice of three omelette, and the french toast. All of them were excellent. The coffee was good as well. The food was well prepared and not too greasy. The waiter provided us with very attentive service. We were definitely satisfied.
4	Had the Society omelet while I was waiting for my room to be ready. One of the best omelets I have ever had. Sourdough toast on the side with roasted potatoes. Very good breakfast for 25 bucks.
2	I know it's located in the Encore, so therefore by default they must over-charge you based on reputation alone, but usually you want to get something good for your money.  Sadly, this place serves up mediocre food at a price that simply cannot be justified, regardless of location.I've tried a few of the breakfast items, as well as some dinner options, and even a couple salads.  They were all decent, but not great.  Their food quality is akin to maybe a little lower than a Cheesecake factory level, yet they are more expensive, and have much smaller portions.  I could understand it if they had an awesome decor, or awesome service, or just had food that tasted better than your average Chili's.... but they don't.  This place just left me confused and bewildered at why we were forking down $14 each for bland tasting omelettes that were limited to 3 ingredients... or why the Caesar salad cost over $17 because you wanted a small chicken breast added to it (that tasted dry and bland).Even if each menu item was $5 each, it wouldn't change the fact that food just isn't good - but at least it would taste like I expected for my $5.  I just don't get it.
4	We enjoyed both a breakfast and lunch here while staying at the Encore. After checking in to the hotel we stopped by here for a quick bite. As soon as we walked up to the hostess, and I saw they had a bowl of red Swedish fish out (with a serving spoon of course) I knew this place was going to be awesome, because I loooooooooooove red Swedish fish! They also serve these awesome pretzel sticks (one is pumpernickel) with peanut butter butter....these were spectacular To be honest with you I would have been fine with just the red fish and pretzel sticks...I'm low maintenance like that ; ) Okay, anyways...I ended up ordering the chopped salad and hubby had the ham and cheese sandwich. We also enjoyed the chicken lollipop chicken wings for an appetizer. All were great choices and definitely hit the spot. We also visited this place for breakfast on our last day here, and I had the egg white frittata and he had the mini quiches. I did order a side of nine grain toast with mine and was only able to finish about half of my frittata...it was huge too! I loved the goat cheese in my frittata, but found myself digging into the middle just to get to the goat cheese! His mini quiches were just that....mini, and served with a side of tuna salad I think. Breakfast was also served with some nice entertainment...some old guy with sunglasses wondered in and just passed out on one of the couch/benches right beside another diner. Everyone started looking around like "something just doesn't seem right with this" (and giggling of course). He started kicking the diners that were next to him (I guess to get more comfortable) and they were moved to another nearby table before security escorted the drunk guy out. It was just funny how the whole thing came about...you just don't see that everyday, even in Vegas, and definitely not the Encore, haha! Loved Society Cafe and plan to return (mainly for the Swedish fish and pretzel sticks)!!!
3	Thought it was just ok, nothing spetacular. I'm sure its over priced as everything else in the Encore/Wynn, but it was not memorable!
3	Great lunch specials, although the service was slow.  I enjoyed a tomato soup and a salad and both were delicious, but the food took forever to come out (but then again so did out waters...)
3	The burgers and fried mac and cheese are good, but in my experience they are the only things in the menu that are worth getting.  For $15 you can get the sirloin burger and add additional toppings for $1 each.  I once tried the fish and chips, and it was probably one of the worst I've ever had.  Instead of bread, this place served baked pretzels sticks which is refreshingly different.  Sadly it does seem like the quality has declined a little since it first opened.
5	Love this place. You can get your stamp/wristband for re-entry at Surrender or Xs then come to Society for some grub.Went with my 5 girlfriends before the clubs started to get crazy for dinner. Lucky for us ANDREW was working the bar and even more lucky he has a thing for cute little asian girls! BTW HE MAKES THEE BEST WATERMELON MOJITOS!We had the mac & cheese bites, the chicken wings, and the MOST amazing TUNA TACOS! It doesn't sound appetizing at first but check em out! they are crazy good. It like eating tuna tartar in taco form but spicy an dusted with a little crack. so good, you can thank me later.Also, whoop whoop for the free pretzel sticks and the upgraded size mojito. So good, would get a pitcher if i could.
3	Pretty good for a cafe with a whole lot of traffic. Solid hamburger. Great tuna wasabi sliders. Their breakfast, however, could be more inventive. Chicken sausage was so good I had to ask twice to male sure it was chicken. Rest of breakfast a little bland and they tend to overcook egg dishes.It is a solid three.
5	We passed by and read the menu on our way back to the Wynn from a day of shopping. We thought, hey, this place sounds good. So we ate here for breakfast the next morning. Everything tasted great - the fresh fruit platter, OJ, Coffee, my Filet Mignon Bfast Sliders! The food quantity on the plate was just right and it tasted awesome!After reading other reviews, I will definitely have to add this place to my list for lunch or dinner, or both!
4	I've been to Society Cafe twice now. Both times were quite enjoyable! The place has a very hip and stylish vibe created by the unique decor, attractive staff and music turned up to just the right volume. They have a separate vegan menu which is just fantastic. There is not a vast amount of choices, but I do know that they have a delicious selection of appetizers and entrees. I have tried almost everything on that menu. I would have to say my favorite is their flat-bread with roasted veggies and vegan cheese. For dessert, they offer three different sorbet flavors.In my opinion, the only way they could improve is to expand their vegan menu. I'd love to see some soy meats and maybe more dessert options.So fellow herbivores, if you feel like having a little class with your meal, my vote is for Society Cafe in Encore tower.
4	My friend and I always stay at the Wynn/Encore, and had never tried Society Cafe. Well, since our usual lunch place was closed, we tried it this time, and WOW. First off, that pretzel bread and mustard/sesame/butter they bring to the table... we should have know at this point that our tastebuds were about to party.Being Italian, anytime there are meatballs on the menu, I am bound by blood to order them. I was skeptical because the menu listed horseradish (not a fan) as an ingredient, but honestly, they were little bites of heaven! Just the perfect amount of spice. Next up, sloppy joseph sliders. I'm really not sure why we ordered these, but SO glad that we did. They were so yummy I had a "I'm in a food coma but I'm going to finish these" conversation with myself. My friend got the fish & chips and he was raving about them all the way home also.
4	I was pretty surprised because their food was actually pretty tasty.  I especially loved the thick pretzel bread stick they served before the meal.  I got the Orechietta pasta and it was REALLY GOOD.  One of the more memorable pasta dishes I had.The environment and quality of food were pretty good for what I paid for.  The only complaint I had was that the hostess was a bit rude.  There were a few empty tables by the bar area and we asked if we could dine there.  She said "no" because that was meant for the bar not for dining with a little attitude... I was like... "okay... "We were in a bit hurry since we had a party to attend right after dinner so I told the hostess we didn't mind sitting anywhere.  Of course we were ignored.  And seriously, it seemed like we were the ONLY people waiting for tables that night.  There was no line.A 30-minute wait later and guess what?!?!?  We were seated at the same area I asked 30mins ago.  Only if the hostess cared more I wouldn't be rushing my dinner and late for my party afterward...   However, the waiter knew we were in a hurry and quickly brought our food AND the checks.  That we appreciated a lot.  =)
2	Bachelorette party of 10 girls.  Ordered the Bachelorette set menu.Three appetizers for the table.  Mac n Cheese balls fried...Bomb! the pasta was still al-dente and the outside was crunchy. Dip in sauce with truffle oil. Heaven!!!  Salad...with fresh fruit...healthy...haha thats it.  Grilled artichoke...Great!  Dip it in the sauce :)Main course was a choice of...Chicken, Salmon, and Pasta...This is where everything goes down hill.  Chicken was very standard nothing i can even say was good.  Salmon was OVER cooked!!! and came with this grain that just tasted really healthy :/...Lastly Pasta was good.  Came with lots of veggies inside some light cream colored sauce.  Dessert...fresh donut holes. Ehh...comes with two dips. One chocolate the other caramel.The worst part was the bill...$90 a girl WTF!  The set menu was $45 ...i dont know what happened..we only order one shot of Grey Goose...how is this possible. :(
5	We've stayed at the Wynn a couple of times and always manage to end up here somehow.Their breakfast is amazing - extremely memorable frittata.Their drinks and snacks are great.  I had a sip (or glass) of about 10 different libations and all were top notch.For being just off the casino floor, the ambiance is surprisingly sophisticated, relaxing, and inviting.
3	This is pretty much the only breakfast choice at the Encore.  The line can be rather long on the weekends and the service is always slow. They offer a wide assortment of dishes from eggs and pancakes to smoothies and pastries. I had a mixed berry smoothie for breakfast and it was very filling.  The oatmeal pancakes were very fluffy and didn't taste at all of oats, so I would skip the pancakes here. That being said, the other people at my table seemed to enjoy them. The egg white frittata was a great way to begin the day, but is a large portion and could easily be shared. If you don't feel like leaving the hotel, I'd say eat at Society, otherwise there are so many great dining options that I'd recommend exploring some of them.
1	Terrible service and terribly over priced!  Wayne Gorsek
4	Like everyone has said, the macaroni cheese bites are a must if you're here for lunch or dinner.  It's cooked in truffle oil which has this taste that I think is just drool inducing.  My friends and I were served at the bar since we didn't want to wait for a table and we felt we were a bit underdressed for the place although I don't think there was a specific dress code here.    Anyway we also ordered the slider burgers (perfect because there was 3 of us and 3 sliders)- came with fries, and also ordered the fruit and nut salad.  Everything was delicious and I do recommend everything that we got, but the salad you could pass up.  After sharing all 3 three of those dishes, my friends and I were moderately full with no leftovers.    One thing I could complain about is the fact that there will be rowdy casino-goers around and it is very distracting and distasteful a scene when you're seated by the entrance.  All of which has nothing to do with the service and food product served by Society Cafe, but just thought I'd throw that in there if you're planning a date or something more formal here.
3	It's one of the better meals that I've had in Las Vegas, consistently. It's a great place for lunch in particular!
3	My friends and I stopped by here for lunch before going to Encore beach. I had the sloppy Joe's sliders and it was the cure to my semi-hangover feeling. Other than that, I would say that the presentation of the dishes and the decorations/ambiance was pretty.
4	oh my!!! Get the corn soup it is freaken heaven!!!!! The meatballs were great too. I have to say the decor was beautifully done- bold colors! The waiter was wonderful.
5	This place is the cutest place to have sunday brunch. Those cotton candy pink sofas are the cure to anyone's 3 night bender! And their food is delish. I had the crab sandwich and it hit the spot!! The mac n cheese still is making my mouth water! It can get crowded and the lines can be lengthy. But it is worth the wait! Cute decor, attentive staff, and yummy food!! Best brunch in LV in my opinion!
4	Just a heads up, make sure to get here before 10am- if you plan on getting breakfast. It was very good and he staff was very friendly, the evening staff is kind of stuff, but dinner is also nice there too.
4	As far as breakfast sandwiches go, very few things in life could top my sausage egg Mcmuffin from McDonald's.  Although inexpensive, it has a magical way of satisfying the soul.  However, I must bid goodbye to the Sausage McMuffin as the king of my breakfast and say hello to the new heir to the throne - Filet Mignon breakfast sliders.The name of the dish itself sounds regal. Nothing better exemplifies Vegas extravagance. For a brief moment, I felt like a high-roller - who else can say they had filet mignon for breakfast?  Of course reality set in the moment I received a check - $60 for two (how many sausage McMuffins is that?).The line for breakfast can get long - 30 min wait when we got there.  But you can bypass it by going straight to the bar. The bartender, Robert was very helpful and even recommended that I put some strawberry jam on my sliders.  I don't know if he was pulling my leg, but he stated that some people swear by it.  I tried it and was better than I thought, but still a dilutive element to the pure enjoyment of a good piece of meat.  The cheddar bacon biscuits that they are served upon was very good, although it did not have as much flavor as I anticipated.We also ordered the eggs benedict which was very decent with a perfectly made hollandaise sauce.They also have many other signature items such as the frosted flake french toast that we will have to try the next time we are here.
4	Try the Chef's special! a little pricy but the Creme Brulee at the end was delicious. Of course the Cheese Puffs that everyone raves about aren't a joke either! They come with a Truffle sauce that just makes them taste out of this world. I thought they tasted so good that I had to share with everyone, the problem was that they went fast! I had steak for the main course and that was perfectly medium rare as I asked for, it came with fries on the side with the Truffle sauce included as well which made them taste good. Servers are really helpful they pared my food well with a nice Cabernet Sauvignon and overall had a great experience! I recommend!
4	Awesome place to grab a bite before hitting the clubs. We went here for MDW and LDW and loved it both times. As everyone has said, the mac n cheese bites are AMAZING.I got the burger the last time around w/ a fried egg. My moto is, anything w/ a fried egg is better...in this case, so true!Highly suggest it!
4	High SocietyAfter reading up on all the restaurants that grace the Encore property, I was pretty much set on stopping by this trendy cafe during my next Vegas visit! ::ENTER BACHELORETTE PARTY OF 8::Alas, the bride-to-be decided that Society Cafe was the place for us to dine before we head down the hall to party it up @ Surrender Nightclub. I made a reservation for 9pm as we did some last minute errands & got ready for our extravagant Saturday night rendezvous. Limo driver, you're FIRED for dropping us off at the Wynn entrance. Oh well, I guess we could use the walk through the casino from indulging in the sinful meal we were about to consume. Upon arrival, we checked in at the host stand and waited an additional 10 minutes to be seated. No biggie.Service was nice and professional. She took care of us but we could have definitely seen her more often. It's all good though since we were graced with the presence of the "food runner/server assistant" to grab dishes off our table. Now for the food.. our table ordered several different menu items as well as some chef specials. Let me tell you what was a hit and what was a miss during our Saturday night visit (excuse me for not knowing the real names)..HIT: *Fried Mac & Cheese: the truffle dipping sauce was amazing!*Beet Salad w/goat cheese: Yes, its tiny but the warm goat cheese hit the spot*Caprese Salad*Filet Mignon w/Bearnaise sauce: top notch filet but the Bearnaise wasn't as exquisite as I'd like it to beNot very good:*Vegan burger: it was just real plain and not very fancy for being here*Mushroom Pasta: two friends got this dish & said it was not good and very buttery- BLAH!*Lollipop chicken wings: ehhh! Not worth the 12 bucksThose dishes were worth mentioning for your reference. Anywho, I do like this place even though my main entree wasn't very yummy. Next time I'll have to try another option on the vegan menu or stop by during Happy Hour!
4	i had a quick breakfast here before i left Las Vegas. I ordered the {EGG WHITE FRITTA W/ SIDE OF BACON} the fritta was good and healthy! (the bacon probably not as much so! :) but good. I also ordered the {WATERMELON JUICE} which i was a big big fan of. Just thinking about it make me wish I was there.
1	No its not $$. Its way more expensive thsn that!! Go somewhere else that's worth your money!!
4	If you're a vegetarian in Vegas, you've got to visit Wynn or Encore. Every restaurant has a vegan menu so there is no need to worry about piecing together a meal or eating another boring salad. I had the fruit and nut salad here and it was possibly the best appetizer salad I've ever had. Lots of flavors and some nice crunch, a great change of pace from the all-too-common garden greens and a crouton or two.I had the orecchiette pasta dish as my entree and was pleasantly surprised at both the quantity and quality of the vegetables. Yes, it's basically pasta primavera, but it was really really good. I was too full to even try dessert but we'll be back another time.
4	Mac and cheese balls, cesear salad, soup. Great decor,excellent for a largel group to dine in Vegas...
5	Best desserts EVER - went back for a Hazelnut Bar each day =D.
3	I went for breakfast, ordered the Ultimate Steak and Egg sliders.  I was then told that it was recently featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate"... and now I am super excited!Well, it's not the best thing I ever ate, although it is pretty good. Perhaps I would not be as unimpressed if I had not been told to expect greatness.  I do like filet, and eggs and creamed spinach and it really was tasty, it just didn't blow my socks off.My review is mostly based on the cost to quality ratio, aka: value. I know you don't go to Society Cafe if you are looking for value, heck you don't get off the plane at McCaran Airport if you're looking for value, but two small breakfast entrees and a side of fruit with coffee was $87. There are no eggs that are worth this price.The service wasn't so great either, we ordered a smoothie that was never delivered and they rarely visited the table.  Aka: Service = Un-smooth.
3	This is a place you'd expect in the Encore casino.  The food is good, the service is good, and it's expensive.  Breakfast for my wife and I was an easy $50.  We had the waffles, which were plain and small in observation, but they had a great lemon curd and berry sauce on top that made the day.  It was good, very good, but not $50 good.  Grand Lux cafe in Venetian was just as good, bigger portions, and less bling.
5	This was a great compromise for my family as I am the only one who is vegan and my family wants regular high quality food. I was beyond excited to try the burger with milkshake here and it definitely delivered.My family was excited that there was a such thing as mustard butter to go with their pretzel sticks that came in lieu of bread. They raved about that little item for days.The burger tasted like Mcdonalds which was like having soul food after months of veggies. The fries were good and the chocolate shake was sooo yummy. I was so full I think I had a food baby when I left.The atmosphere was perfect. It reminded we of a contemporary twist on 1940s Cuba. Perfectly my taste. However you need to call for reservations on a Friday night was the Wynn & Encore as everything was booked up solid. Thank you Steve Wynn for going vegan and making my dining experience better, I truly appreciate it!
4	Had a late lunch here on a Sunday afternoon. Great casual lunch option, with good food. It's not exactly cheap, but I was impressed with the food and portion sizes. The presentation was also nice, and the fresh pretzels were tasty. The fried mac and cheese balls were good, but a little too greasy for my liking.
2	Food was elegantly presented. Ridiculously expensive... even for Vegas!
1	1) Food (specifically breakfast) Too expensive2) Service: varies...from average to quite poor3) Atmosphere: quite nice.Had a lunch and a breakfast here. Food arrived before coffee and after 5 requests both times. Different servers. Oatmeal + sausage = 17$. C'mon, now.
5	The service is a solid 5 stars, without a doubt -- the food, maybe a solid 4. My party of 5 had a reservation for 8pm, but was running late and as much as we expected to receive grief for bumping our RSVP by an hour on a busy Saturday night, we didn't get any. Instead, we were greeted by 2 very warm & smiley hostesses and got seated right away.We started with a round of shots and appetizers which came out of the kitchen very quickly. We ordered mac and cheese bites, buttered asparagus and complimentary burnt breadsticks! The mac and cheese w/ dipping sauce was good but a bit heavy & the asparagus was perfectly sauteed.I got the grilled pepperoni flatbread and the tomato bisque. The flatbread was everything I had expected it to be: crunchy, the perfect portion and super tasty. The tomato bisque was a bit underseasoned but I did love the thick consistency. My group all got burgers and steaks cooked medium-rare and they were all cooked and tasted very tender and juicy!The kitchen was also great in participating w/ a custom dessert made for the bachelorette at our table. They wrote "Congratulations Linda!" in chocolate icing on a deliciously tall, multi-tiered, chocolate madness of a cake and it was rich and delicious! The presentation was gorgeous, along with the rest of the food.Society gets a 5 because I enjoyed myself there, and if I would have complained about any of the stuff that went wrong w/ the food, they would most likely have fixed it right away. However, because I was in such good spirits, great company and surrounded by such amazing service, the problems w/ the food weren't a huge deal.
4	Lovely decor, very attentive staff, and while expensive it was very good food.  Came here at near midnight to eat the delicious filet mignon sliders which hit the spot after an hour delayed flight.
5	Staff were outstanding in every way. We ate here several mornings and tried nearly all the menu items - never disappointed!
4	My husband and I wanted to treat ourselves to a nice Christmas dinner since we weren't traveling home for the holiday. When we saw that the Christmas prix fixe menu consisted of stone crab, prime rib and chocololate/dulce de leche for dessert - all for $52 per person - we were sold!Instead of regular bread for an appetizer, they brought out pretzels with a delicious dipping sauce. The stone crab was the perfect start to the meal.  We each got two claws and a side of crab meat with two dipping sauces. The crab was fresh and so succulent!The star of the meal was definitely the prime rib. My husband and I both requested our meat to be cooked medium well, and it was cooked perfectly. The entree came with winter vegetables and mashed potatoes with truffle oil... so good! I don't know what they put in the au jus but it was divine! We both agreed that that was the best prime rib we've ever tasted. We were already bursting at the seams by the time dessert arrived, but the chocolate/dulce de leche dessert was pure heaven! It was rich and indulgent... everything I would ask for in a Christmas dessert. What prevents me from rating Society Cafe five stars is the service. The service we received wasn't bad by any means, but when a meal costs that much, I expect GREAT service along with it. Our waitress was nice but not once during any course did she ask how how meal was. A few times our glasses were empty and plates were cleared away. The restaurant wasn't terribly busy so the lack of attention was a little disheartening. Our meal at Society Cafe was a memorable one. I would love to try food off their regular menu sometime but if they offer a great prix fixe menu again, I'm so there!
3	Decent service.  Decent food, nothing really special.  Definitely overprice for the type of food served.  More like a bar than  a restaurant.  This place is good for a quick bite before heading out or back to the tables.  Not recommend for dinner or special occasion.  There are just too many to chose from at the Encore/Wynn.
4	1. theres a small vegan selection for the non meat eaters2. opens till 11pm, unlike other restaurants on the strip.3. service was good.i had a vegetable tasting course which came with, artichoke,  couscous with cranberries, Brussels sprouts, asparagus trumpet mushroom. All im going to say is. OH MY GOD. mouth-gasm!!! ive never like brussel sprouts before but these were phenomenal. the couscous was amazing. the trumpet mushroom was delicious....my boyfriend had a pasta dish from the same vegan section. it was wonderful!!! the only drawback was the mac and cheese balls (these weren't vegan btw..) which came in a little dish that costed $13. expensive. HOwever, it might have been dued to the truffle sauce that it came with.... anywho...you get the idea: food and service was good. portion was enormous. i'd skip on the appetizers. the main course should get you full plenty enough + without a hole in the wallet....enjoy!
4	I stopped in here with a friend and we had some late night eats before hitting the club one night. We pulled up a seat at the bar and ordered club sandwiches - which the kitchen happily made up for us even though they were no longer technically on the menu. Drinks were strong, and delicious. I was very positively impressed...the bartender did a great job of taking care of us too. I will definitely be back there soon.Also, shout-out to the group that ordered 20 jaeger-bombs and 20 pickle shots. You bankrupted the bar of jaeger.
5	5 Stars in the catagory of Vegas Hotel Cafe's;Society Cafe certainly was several steps above other casino cafe's. It was great to see a vegan menu and and some healthier options on the menu. Our server was friendly and efficient, without being intrusive. GREAT experience! Everything our table of 4 ordered was perfect, as were the complimentary Pretzel Breads with Grainy Mustard... Can't wait for our next visit!
4	***Society Cafe Encore offers a good and upscale breakfast; their steak and egg sliders are expensive but satisfying***I am not sure if Society Cafe Encore is Encore's cafe, but it is a lot different from the other casino cafes I have tried.  Society Cafe, which opens up to the casino, has a much more distinct and striking decor.  Society Cafe has a mix of traditional elegance and modern decor (the kind of mishmash decor I've often seen in West Hollywood places like The Bazaar or the now closed XIV).The decor raised my expectations for the food and the breakfast menu featured many nice sounding dishes.  There was an abundant use of premium ingredients throughout the menu.I went with the ultimate steak and egg sliders, which were featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  The sliders consisted of filet mignon, scrambled egg and creamed spinach on bacon and cheddar muffins.  The sliders were good.  Even though the individual components were not excellent, they did combine to make a satisfying sandwich (but maybe not an exceptional sandwich like the fried egg sandwich at Huckleberry in Santa Monica).The scrambled eggs were moist and I liked the creamed spinach even though I wish it had more flavor.  The filet mignon was meaty and savory though I wish it was cooked more medium rare or at least medium.  While the filet mignon was not dry, I would have preferred more juiciness (I do understand this type of temperature in a sandwich though since you don't want the redness of the meat to combine with the muffin to make an unappetizing color).While the bacon flavor of the muffins was not that strong, the muffin was still cheesy and flavorful and had a good combination of softness as well as a crisp and distinct edge.I also had the pain au chocolat (the order was actually 2 small chocolate croissants). The mini chocolate croissants were similar to the ones at Breadbar in Century City.  The croissants were flaky, crispy and chocolatey (I think the pain au chocolat at Breadbar has a more even chocolate flavor--a noticeable chocolate flavor with each bite).  I liked the pain au chocolat at Society Cafe Encore much more than the same pastry at Bouchon Bakery (in the Venetian)--more flakiness and more chocolate.Service was very good.  My waitress was very personable, polite and attentive.  The food came out at a quick pace.Prices were high for breakfast, but that is common on The Strip where restaurants tend to be anywhere from 15% to 40% more than what you would pay in a city like LA.  Still, Society Cafe was not that much more expensive than some of the other casino cafes and the difference in quality was very noticeable.I enjoyed Society Cafe Encore and it was my best casino cafe experience in Las Vegas so far.  I would definitely consider coming back on future Vegas trips to try other menu items.I am not sure what the parking situation is, but I imagine Encore offers both valet and self-parking.
3	Food is good! The vegan squash soup is fantastic! Casual place.
5	Great bloody marys.  Great service at the bar, thanks Andrew!
4	Great breakfast service at the bar. Strong vegetarian options.
4	Yum, this is my favorite breakfast place on the Strip. While the prices are high, the food is worthy of the price and leaves me longing for more. I love the red, black, and white modern decor, which fits nicely with the general decor of the casino. I had some type of a hollandaise breakfast sandwich. I don't even like hollandaise but loved this! It was sumptuous, filling, and the perfect morning-after meal. Coffee and water are plentiful and there's was plenty of great people-watching. The cafe looks out onto the casino and is one of the easier places to get into. Alcoholic morning beverages are plentiful with an drink cart that circulates.
5	This was my first visit to Society Cafe. I went to meet a friend for lunch. We were seated right away. The seats are comfortable. I loved the decor. right away they bring you pretzel and pumpernickel soft bread sticks with a mustard based dipping sauce. They were hot and fresh. Very good and the sauce fantastic, and I am not a mustard fan at all, I was impressed.I had the steak frites and I have to say it was amazing. The steak was perfectly cooked and tender. The Bearnaise sauce was one of the best I ever had. The frites were crunchy perfection. The salad that came with the dish had this very light lemony dressing that was  perfect for the mixed green salad.Our server was awesome, checking on us frequently.I look forward to going back and trying other menu items.
5	Encore is the new tower in the Wynn complex and the cafe is somewhat of a hidden geme being "off the beaten" path of the casino route.  Society Cafe, which opens up to the casino, has a much more distinct and striking decor.  Society Cafe has a mix of traditional elegance and modern decor and was in tune with the casio's Chinese New Year theme. Notwithstanding some bad directions from the front desk, this place definitely lives up to its reputation as a great breakfast/brunch spot.  We arrived just as the kitchen was switching from breakfast to lunch and were able to order from both menus.I was first attracted to the lunch menu by the inclusion of the fish and chips (I am a sucker for this dish) - however, I called an audible and ended up ordering the lobster roll...a lobster roll in the high desert, you say?  OUTRAGEOUSLY good...full flavor lobster with avocado and the challah roll was superb....couldn't have asked for a better choice.....although now I will have to go back to try the fish and chips as a comparison.  I was also fun to be able to compare dishes being brought to other tables around us to see what we migh try the next time.The service was exceptional withoug being too "high society" and overbearing.  The server knew his menu and has actually eaten what he serves and also had some interesting recomendations of other places to try off the strip.This place is burned into my mind and I will be going back when I return to Las Vegas!
5	I just want to say regardless of price I will never hesitate to return to Society Encore.  Every dish I've tried has been simply exquisite.  Last week I had the Oscar Benedict @ $21.  After finishing the first of two I felt I had gotten my money's worth.  What a marvelous treat.  It was if it was made just for me.Simply put, they know what their food is worth.
4	This is still the best breakfast bet at the Wynn. We got a smoothie, a green juice and steel cut oats to go for our car ride home and everything was fresh and healthy. Just what I needed! There aren't very many healthy options while you are in Vegas so this is a gem when you are in need of something healthy in the morning!
5	I love this place!! I am not a vegan by any means but one of my friends that is told me I had to try their vegan burger. Well let me tell you...it was AMAZING! I couldn't even really tell that I wasnt eating meat. Plus it came with fries and a chocolate milkshake. I will never be able to have a regular milkshake again. I've been there many times since and have NEVER been disappointed by my meal or service.
4	The Wynn comped two meals for us here (we were big winners!), so we had the pleasure of dining here for both lunch and dinner.Note that their lunch is FAR better than their dinner. I'm not entirely sure why; all I know is that we enjoyed our meals much more during lunchtime. Here's a run-down:APPETIZERS"Lollipop" Chicken Wings: Uninteresting and a bit dry. My boyfriend thought their sauce had a good bite to it, though.Mac 'N Cheese "Bites": Quite tasty. I was relieved that the truffle oil wasn't overdone.LUNCHTagliatelle: DIVINE! Perfectly balanced, and the rock shrimp was incredible! You have to try this!Lobster Roll "Club": Quite good. Nothing to write home about, but very satisfying for a lunch item; tasty and fresh.DINNERBraised Pork Shank: The sauce was somewhat tasty, but it wasn't the best meal ever.Surf & Turf: Sadly uninteresting. The filet was dry -- nearly inedible.DESSERTCheesecake: Nearly the best thing I've ever tasted in my life. Purely exquisite. The saving grace of this entire restaurant.Chocolate Cake: Delicious... and enormous! Four people could not comfortably share a slice of this monstrosity!CONCLUSIONGenerally speaking, not worth the price, but their lunch is good enough for me to recommend. Try the tagliatelle, the lobster roll, and the cheesecake for a truly wonderful meal.
5	I enjoyed their food here! It was delicious! It was hard to find reservations at the other top restaurants in Vegas due to last minute decisions. So it was great to see that this place isn't crowded. The food is delicate and elegant, so don't expect super big portions. I loved their quinoa with cranberries and lemon flavor. Great healthy options! So if you can't get a reservation somewhere else check this place out! I like their pretzel bread too!
2	Everything in the Encore/Wynn is overpriced but at least the $15 french toast they served me at Society was pretty darn good. I loved the caramelized bananas. The problem here was the service and the fact that they ran out of apple juice and sticky buns by 11AM. Our waiter also kept messing up our orders and was forgetful about refills, etc.  Not only did they run out of apple juice they ended up stlil charging us 10 bucks for it.  The experience was a bit painful.
5	Every time when I come to Vegas I always have to make a stop here! They have the best burgers! I had the Kobe burger medium rare with blue cheese and grilled onions. It was cooked perfectly and huge! Don't forget about the pretzel bread sticks either! It's definitely worth pending $20 on the burger! I will definitely be back!!
5	Best sirloin burger I've ever eaten. Meal presentation is outstanding and unique. Service is immaculate for what is called a "cafe." More like fine dining.
4	This is one of the few places to eat on the casino floor at encore, the setting is nice, and our group of 5 was sat pretty fast. Food pricing is average for what it is, sort of a middle tier restaurant.For what it was I would have rather paid more fora nicer place or less for a not as nice place, I just don't see the point of spending a decent amount of money for some very average food. Good service though!
4	I'm not a vegan but I do love their Orecchiette Pasta! The veggies were bright and crisp just how I like them. It had mushrooms, asparagus, brussel sprouts, green & yellow beans,  roasted tomatoes with Parmesan. Very tasty! The atmosphere was calm and beautiful.  I personally wouldn't mind taking home their black and white curtains.  They are stunning!
4	Society Cafe is one of the rare places that I really enjoyed, even though my meal wasn't that good.  This is the kind of place that you know is good, even if what you have doesn't quite hit the spot, and I am definitely itching to try this place again.For lunch we started with the mac n cheese bites, which were incredible.  I then had the charred rare tuna sliders, which for me were a bit of a miss.  I'm generally a fan of tuna, but this was a bit of an adventure for me rather than going with a burger or the bbq pork sandwich, both of which I was eyeing heavily when browsing the menu.  The tuna sliders were wrapped in some amazing bao buns, but the tuna itself was overcooked and very tough and flavorless.  The wasabi creme was a miss as well, and just made each bite taste like you were chewing on a popsicle stick - unless you really like tuna, I would avoid these at all cost.The [very big] redeeming quality of society cafe was the scale of the menu - there at least half a dozen other items that I'd like to try from here, and that is just the lunch menu, so I am sure I will be back, only next time I'll avoid the tuna.
3	I really enjoyed our dinner here.  We came to Vegas this past weekend for my sister's bachelorette party and she decided to choose this restaurant for one of our dinners'.  We had a set menu, which was called the Chef's Menu.  Everything we ordered on there was so delicious.  I had the Tomato Bisque soup, Grilled Artichoke, Jidori Chicken and for dessert I had the donuts.  I enjoyed every bit of it except for the dessert.  The donut was kind of dry and the sauce wasn't anything special.  Everything else was good and the atmosphere was great.  The staff wasn't as friendly as I thought they would be, so that was a little disappointing.  We come to Vegas to spend and for them to not be super friendly is sad.  I would have given them a 4 star if the staff was a lot nicer because the food was exceptional.
5	For 25 years I refused to stop in Las Vegas.  Then I read about the vegan options at all the Wynn/Encore restaurants - and decided to make a special stop during a recent vacation in the Southwestern US.   The reviews I'd read before departure did not lie - this is a tasteful casino; the vegan food is outstanding, and all the staff enthusiastically promote it.  I stopped for lunch at the Terrace Pointe at the beginning of my vacation - and liked it so much that on the way home I decided to return for an overnight stay and lunch at the Society Cafe.  Society has lots of fun dishes - including a great value diner-theme meal with veggie burger, fries, and vegan shake. Will definitely make this a destination, not just a stopover, for future vacations!
4	After getting into surrender and realizing we were starving, we left to find the closest decently-priced restaurant we could, society cafe. Turned out to be a great meal and a really fun place (the decor is beautiful). The best part of the meal was the freebie at the beginning - homemade pretzels with mustard, delicious and a nice change from plain bread and butter. The food hit the spot, i'll caveat we had a lot to drink which might have impaired my ability to judge the quality of the food. Nonetheless, recommend the beet salad, crab cakes, fries, buffalo wings, sliders and soup. Great place for groups, families, couples - huge space and plenty on the menu to choose from.
4	Having been back for both lunch and dinner, I can say that Society Cafe delivers a great meal and good service consistently. It's become one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. The specialty cocktails are deserving of their own mention because they are very good. The blueberry lemonade is one of those drinks that after having tasted, you'll really crave on a hot day.
5	So good!!! The restaurant was so pretty with the colors, green, black, white and a dash of pink!! The food was outstanding! I had the wagyu pastrami hash....wow, yum!! It came with roasted tomatoes which were also delicious!! The coffee was amazing and just what the  doctor ordered...mommas happy juice!!! My sister got an omelette And said it was delicious !! My mom had the waffles spiked with bacon...so good!!! So nice and salty sweet!! This place was great, I will definitely come back.
4	This place is a regular pit stop from the tables. Always something delicious whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner. True to Steve Wynn standards the service and food is expectedly consistent. Society has a nice little finish to your meal. Swedish Fish as you leave. Hell YaZ!!!
2	Stopped for the Happy Hour specials. The food was only OK- greasy appetizers barely better than bar food. Drinks were weak and watery and an issue over the buy one get one was only handled after a discussion with the manager.
4	Love the breakfast offerings.Hubby enjoys any made-to-order omelette with goat cheese and I love their bagels and fresh fruit plate. Such an inviting platter presentation. There's also a bowl of berries to enjoy when in season. Just delish.I've had the breakfast pizza before. Not bad, people.I generally go for a Bloody Mary of some type or an Irish coffee.On our last visit, they were handing out small samplings of a sparkling apple cider.I really enjoyed it. Refreshing.Haven't had the Swedish Fish offering yet, as mentioned by another poster.Interesting...We'll be visiting in a couple of weeks, so we'll see if that's stillhappening.We've also tried late night snacks here.The mac and cheese bites with truffle sauce are fantastic.Also...the buffalo wing lollipop thingies.Yum-mo!The cocktail offerings are pretty decent too.You really won't go wrong if you try this place.
2	*rumbly tummy* I neeeeeeeeeed food.  OOOOH! That place is cute!  We walked in and the hostess said "2 for lunch?" and we said "we just want to get a drink and some apps."  She seated us in the lunch area.  We ordered some Vegas priced apps and a drink.  My man decided to go to the bathroom and sees that all the food and drinks we ordered are part of a happy hour that is inconspicuously on a sign...and were neglected to be told about.  He comes back and asks if the things we ordered are covered by the happy hour.  The hostess (because our waiter has disappeared into a space-time portal) says no because we are having lunch not in the bar.....uh....don't you think you or the she or the waiter could have mentioned that a) there is a happy hour for what we said we were interested in or b) everything we had was on the happy hour menu if we wanted to sit 20ft away at the bar with plenty of space?We requested to shift to the bar and get 2 for 1 drinks and the same food for less.  This apparently got everyone's panties in a bunch.  The hostess kept having to "ask the manager" who for some reason refused to come over to the table.  The waiter popped back in from the portal to said that the food was made so it was not possible.  We eventually got up and addressed the manager ourselves because we watched him avoid dealing with the issue by personally by pouring water for other guests and bringing their food (isn't that the waiter's job? Oh right he went back into the space-time portal).   Once we had resolved the issue with the manager, we had perfectly wonderful service and pretty good food from the sweet blonde bartender lady (she got great tips).  I'm sorry that we were not super drunk and thus willing to be over charged for our food and drinks.  I'm not sure why that concept was so hard for them.
3	Brunch affair with a large group of girls during a bachelorette party weekend.  With reservations, the staff was able to accommodate a group of 18 just fine.  The restaurant was prettily decorated with a slight Victorian parlor feel, perfect for a Saturday morning brunch with the ladies.  The staff was attentive, efficient and unobtrusive but responsive.  Place is spacious situated and not very crowded.  Why only three stars?  The food was unimpressive.  In a town where you have celebrity chefs and five star restaurants, I was expecting a bit more for that price they were charging per plate.  That's not to say that the food wasn't any good... just not impressive; nothing that made me ooh-ed or ahh-ed.  On the other hand, the liquid power drinks were great for those with hangovers that may not be able to abide solids quite yet.
4	I was so pleased with my experience at Society Cafe that I went twice in one day- for lunch and dinner!Those Mac & Cheese bites were just decadent and delicious! Who would have thought of deep frying mac & cheese and pairing them with truffle sauce.The Watermelon Mojito and Blueberry Lemonade were awesome! Really well made, tasty, and packed a punch!I had the lobster roll for lunch.  It was pretty good, although I didn't expect it to be quite so much like lobster salad (similar to chicken salad).  Fries were fine, although skinny fries aren't my preference.For dinner, hubby had the buffalo wing "lollipops", which he very much enjoyed, and I had a burger, which I loved.  We shared the lobster fried rice and really liked it! It had kind of a lime finish, and didn't taste exactly Asian, but was very good. I'd like to return for breakfast, too!
2	My friends and I got the bachelorette package which included the Ladies Night Course.  I'm not sure if it cost $80 per person or if it was cheaper through the package.Customer Service was good, but everything else wasn't...For the price it cost, the food sucked.  We were served champagne, fried calamari and fried cucumber, edamame, dessert, cabbage with dressing and other stuffed goodies on it, pretzel sticks with dressing, etc, and we had a choice of chicken, fish, or steak.  I got the steak and it was pretty dry and not delicious.  I couldn't even finish it.   Took it in a take-out bag but ended up tossing it.  What an expensive waste!If you would like to try this place out, try to get reserved seating where you have a nice chair/couch scenery in the background.  This is located at the far back level.  We wanted to sit there but it was already reserved.  That location is nice for taking pictures.Bathrooms are located outside of this restaurant.  If you're dressed to hit up a nightclub after, you will get gawked at and cat calls...
5	BEST CAFE AND AMBIANCE in the ENCORE!
3	I've been to Society Cafe twice, once solo and once with the fiancee.  The prices are outrageous.  You'll be stuck with an $8 orange juice in a short skinny glass and a $9 side of bacon if you're not careful.  We both left frustrated, having spent at least $30 more than we were expecting.  The entrees were good, but the only thing I remember now about Society is the surprise bill.I know that Encore is a beautiful property with lots of amenities, and that the people who can generally afford to stay there can also afford to overpay for staples.  So if you're not one of those people, steer clear.Short story shorter: left hungry, paid $60 for two lunches, had to deal with a disappointed finacee in Las Vegas (which cuts into my gambling time!)
4	They have awesome desserts here!  the banana split was totally a deconstructed version of what I was expecting and it was fantastic!  Their ice cream sandwiches weren't as stunning but tasty nonetheless!  I also tried out a new drink called the Tiesto (named after the DJ!) and it was quite yummy as well!
4	I've enjoyed every meal I've had at Society. I've gone for brunch and lunch mostly. I haven't been disappointed yet. Things I recommend include the mac and cheese bites, lobster roll, ham and cheese sandwich, and pastrami hash and eggs. Service is fast and consistent. AND it's right around the corner from Encore Beach Club which makes for good people watching.
5	My girlfriends and I ate here as part of a Bachlorette package. So it consisted of a 3 course meal (3 appetizers, an entree choice of chicken, fish, or steak, and a shared dessert.) I had no complaints at all. We were seated right away, our server was prompt, and answered all our questions. I had the sea bass which I enjoyed. I also had a chance to taste the steak which I thought was very good. The staff was on top of it, never had to ask to refill my water. Next time, I would like to try to eat here again and order off their regular menu.
5	If this restaurant were located anywhere else in America, it would be considered fine dining.  But at the Wynn resorts, this spectacular restaurant is considered 'casual dining,' which is fine by me.  The food was outstanding--both the presentation and the taste deserve high marks.  I love the way Wynn decorates every aspect of the property in such an aesthetically pleasing manner.  I highly recommend a trip to Society Cafe at The Encore.  You won't regret it.
5	Man! This place is delicious!! I got the orecchiette pasta with the chicken oysters (I was a bit confused as to what that was at first though. The pasta and all the apps were made to perfection. I loved the warm pretzels they served with the meal.  I haven't had pretzels that good since being in Bavaria. My faves: Calamari, Burrata with Rosso Bruno tomatoes, Orecchiette, beet salad, pretzels. It was so good, we came here twice. Also, it's a vegan traveler's haven when they come to Vegas. In fact, all of the restaurants I went to in the Wynn/Encore area were, but this one took the cake--A vegan "double down"?? Who can resist?
5	For the second time, I went to Society Cafe at Encore. It's just simply one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas and worth a second visit for its striking ambiance and delicious food.This time, I had an orechiette pasta with veggies ($19) and a side of Yukon mashed potatoes ($7). I didn't really care for the broth-y sauce on the pasta-I would have preferred a creamier one, but at least I felt like I was eating very healthily. The potatoes were amazing-such a rich flavor and a great not-too-mushy, not-too-hard texture. And the Mac and Cheese "Bites" we started off with ($12) were melt-in-your-mouth yumminess.What I was most impressed with this time, besides the gorgeous pink, black, green and white decor and beautiful lighting, was the service. Our server was one of the best I've ever had wait on me. He was probably younger than I am, but he was so charming, so knowledgeable about the menu and so intelligent, that I felt like our table was greatly taken care. They really train their wait staff well (so does Sassi here in Scottsdale), and that impacted the meal so positively.
1	I was originally super excited to come here. I read great reviews, the vegan prices seemed ok enough. I went with my two friends and boyfriend. The first impression was that everyone was super snobby. The waiter kept pushing us to get drinks or water bottles, and he seemed really pissed off that we just wanted ice water. 1. It's hot out.2. Water bottles are the world's greatest rip off. I am not paying $8 for a bottle of Fiji, I am not afraid of tap water. In the USA we are immensely lucky to have safe water, and I will take advantage of that! 3. He kept pushing expensive appetizers on us and soups. I didn't want that, as I try to keep my calories/fat as low as I can when eating out. So we ordered the vegan double-down meals. I was totally excited about that. The free pretzels came out, which were TOTALLY AMAZING. Each person at our table got three medium sized pretzels. They were very good and made the meal worth it. These pretzels distracted me long enough to forget about our annoying waiter, named Roger. The people that were in charge of clearing our table and refilling water were very sweet. But Roger? A total buzzkill. Honestly, our entire meal was ruined by dreading seeing him appear again.When the food came out I was impressed by the portion sizes. I somehow expected things to be tiny. They use Gardein beefless burgers, which I don't usually like the taste of. They made them taste pretty great. The milkshake was more like chocolate milk, not shakey at all. :( All in all, I have to give it one star. The service was just so bad I cannot bring myself to come back to this place, and that disappoints me. The waiter was so offputting and rude. He kept pushing water bottles and making awkward conversation. I almost felt bad for *him*, instead of us. I really wish I would have had a better experience here - other people seemed to. I think it's worth a shot if you are vegan, and hope that you don't get Roger!
4	The thing that stands out most is the design, very cool. Had both breakfast and midnight snack here, both were good.
4	Second time coming here! (First time I was blacked out.. so didn't write a review / remember what i ate..) But second time, food was amazing (consistent from what i vaguely remember) but the prices are steep! expect to spend at least 20+ a person for good food! I would still give this place four stars just because for the prime location and good quality of food I almost expect it to cost more. I recommend the egg frittata or the filet mignon sliders.. both are impeccable.
4	In terms of lunch menus, I thought this was a pretty excellent in terms of service, food and price.  The highlight of the day is the mac & cheese balls dipped in truffle sauce.    The ham and cheese sandwich was made of this delicious soft in the middle bread (reminded me of good french toast bread) and beef sliders were surprisingly good too. I thought the sloppy joseph's were a little strong for me in flavor, but everything else was wonderful! After 5-6 appetizers and 5 main courses, the bill was approximately $30/person, which is pretty amazing considering the quality of food.If I stay at the Encore again, I will definitely come back.
4	Society Cafe advertised their daily happy hour on the casino floor and since we stayed at Encore, we figured this would be a good stop to get some drinks and food in us before the gambling and all-night partying began.Their HH drinks are two-for-one of either domestic beers (no thanks!), mojitos (classic, pineapple, or watermelon), or their Society sangria (red with rioja and Grand Marnier or white with cava and Remy Martin). We started with the white sangria, which was phenomenal. Too often white sangrias are simply too sweet, but this sangria was well balanced in flavor, the cava gave it a nice fizz, and the Remy gave it a good richness and oaky notes. We ordered another round of those and for our third round we opted for the watermelon mojitos. Those were refreshing and tasty, yet I preferred the white sangria.For HH food, they offered a list of 4 appetizers from which you can pick three, as well as a flatbread, two different slider options, and fish & chips. We picked the Pulled Pork Sliders (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/klddGAcNIpE_aB5sd1hNXw?select=7CQ7TrXhvD2k3-nuZk0DQw#o_dYFC2NbX9J2Fdfi4FeTQ) topped with virginia slaw and butter pickles and served with a side of sweet potato fries. The sliders were juicy and delicious, the slaw and pickles giving the mini burgers a good crunchy texture to offset the soft meat and sauce. I loved the crispy sweet potato fries and the mini bottle of ketchup that they serve on the side is just frickin' adorable! From the 4-option list of small appetizers, we picked the Mac 'N Cheese "Bites", the "Lollipop" Chicken Wings, and Grandma Rose's Meatballs, deciding to forgo the Crispy Rock Shrimp (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/klddGAcNIpE_aB5sd1hNXw?select=7CQ7TrXhvD2k3-nuZk0DQw#SifqxmBDGINvsYDstK_Qew). However, they punched our order in wrong and we received the rock shrimp instead of the meatballs. That was quickly rectified, although after seeing the caper aioli that was served alongside the shrimp, I was sad they took the dish away to swap it with the meatballs rather than letting us have both. The Mac 'N Cheese Bites were definitely our favorite. Greasy pasta and cheese made into little tater tot battered looking things and served with an insane truffle dipping sauce. Once all the Bites were gone, we started dipping our sweet potato fries into the sauce. I then proceeded to dip my finger into the sauce to make sure none of the heavenly concoction was wasted. The meatballs were pretty decent, but the tomato sauce lacked excitement. Maybe some spice could have helped elevate it to the next level. The buffalo chicken wings had a perfect spiciness to them and I'll never say no to cold blue cheese dipping sauce!Having read about their amazing pretzel bread on other Yelp reviews while sipping on our cocktails, I asked the bartender for some. She said they usually only serve it with dinner, but she made an exception and got us an order. The bread was warm, had a good saltiness in the pretzel dough and was paired with an amazing mustard butter.I would certainly come back for the food and would definitely come back for more sangria! The decor here is stunning, making want that interior decorator for my place! Cream walls and ceilings, black & white curtains draped everywhere and nicely accented red couches make this place super chic and modern.
4	My wife and I went for the fixed meal for $47 a person unless you get the ribeye which is $12 more. (+) is going to show what we ordered from the fixed menu. From what I can remember they offered:Soups:Tomato Bisque (+)Sweet Corn (+)only 2 choicesApp:Mac N Cheese (very good) (+)Roasted Artichoke (+)was more but I can't rememberMain Course:SalmonJidori Chicken (+)Ribeye Steak (+)Braised Porkmight be more but this is what i can remember.Dessert:Fresh Donuts (+)Ice Cream Sandwiches (oreo and peanut butter) (+)only 2 choicesAll I can say is that the food was much better than I thought. Seeing that this wasn't a fine dining restaurant but looked more like a fancier burger place the quality was great. They brought out the soups in little tea cups which was enough for a few sips which was good enough for me. Great flavor in both and wasn't too heavy. For the sides the mac and cheese is her favorite and the dipping sauce for it was really good as well. We dont have much of an opinion for the artichoke cause we dont know if we were eating it correctly or not. We just picked the heart and it looked pretty messy in the end.I had the ribeye (med-rare) and she had the chicken. First bite into the ribeye and I was pretty shocked how flavorful and juicy it was. I dont think it's prime beef but it was pretty fatty. Her chicken was really good as well and they incorporated some of the mac and cheese dipping sauce into the mashed potatoes.For dessert she ended up with the fresh donuts which is pretty much like fried dough. They provided chocolate and caramel dipping sauces as well. I had the ice cream sandwiches and it was very good and it tasted much better when I dipped it in her donut dipping sauces.I would definitely come back here since the price was reasonable and everything we ate tasted great.8/10 good to go.
1	Started off pleasant enough, except for the fact that there was a summer rain outside, so the muggy air conditioning in the Encore felt more like a swamp cooler. Was seated quickly in this cafe just off the casino floor. Ordered the pulled pork sliders. Got through the first two just fine. Bit into the third to find my teeth chomping on something hard. I removed the half-inch by 1/4 inch object from the sandwich. It was an OLIVE PIT. There were no olives in the slider. I told the waiter. She immediately took it to the kitchen. She came back and apologized, then told me that the chef said there was no way an olive pit could get into the meat. I didn't just dream that it was there! She asked if I wanted anything else. My appetite was gone, so No Thank you. Then the Manager stopped at the table across from me. He asked them if they had the sliders. They said no. He looked puzzeled and looked around at the tables in the area, including ours. My daughter was still eating her lunch, but my plate was gone. Still he could not figure out that I was the guy who had the sliders. He didn't go back to check with the server. He never came over to us to apologize. They removed the item from my bill, which was the least they could do. I didn't get hurt, so I wasn't looking for more, except for them to show a bit more concern.Damn, I should have taken a picture!
1	I went here for a business dinner while in Vegas for a trade show. We had a party of 7 and the restaurant was not crowded. I was very, very disappointed with the level of service. We waited 15 minutes for drinks another long time to have someone take our order only to have what was very average...at best...food served.  There are many great restaurants in the Wynn and Encore. I would suggest you go to one of them as this one was terrible all the way around.......
5	The Society Cafe at the Encore was a truly outstanding experience and even better than the cafe at the Wynn.... Overall - 4.5 stars (and then we rounded up!)Hosting - 5 starsVery professional & timely.Service - 4.5 starsAgain professional, knowledgeable  & helpful.Food - 5 stars* Meatball appetizer - great!  Better than many Italian restaurants.* Crab Salad - very tasty!  Super fresh with paper thin chili pod silvers on top.* Chopped Salad - AMAZING!  One of the best I've ever had.  Each vegetable was picked at the peak of perfection.  The dressing was simply outstanding.Bloody Mary - 4.5 starsBest one in Vegas yet (a bit pricey at $12 each).  Also, loved the Bloody Mary cart and the table-side preparation.Decor - 3 starsHip with black/white drapery and highlights of red.  But, more clubby than cozy, which seemed odd for breakfast/brunch.But overall, it was  very memorable meal.  We would definitely recommend and return!
2	Eh, this place falls short of my Encore expectations for good food.  I came here for brunch w/ a group of 8-9.  The brunch menu isn't that extensive and I couldn't find anything appetizing, so I ended up just ordering the lobster corn chowder.  It was okay, and probably had lobster bits in it that amounted to less than the size of a quarter.  Nothing else anybody ordered look appetizing to me either...I shared some sweet potato and regular fries that were also just okay.  My friends' burgers looked humongous, but of course size doesn't come w/ quality all the time.  It's pricey for just okay food, so I'd prefer to dine at the Wynn Country Club or Bouchon.  The service here was also terrible.  We had to ask multiple times for things like water or syrup, and our waitress just looked annoyed b/c she kept saying other staff was supposed to bring our items.  They definitely need better coordination/communication among the staff.
4	I went there for a quick dinner after returning from Grand Canyon. Everyone know that there's no cheap restaurant in the Strip, this one is probably one of the less expensive ones, that's why I tried it. We just ordered a roasted & shaved beet salad and an orecchiette pasta. They look so beautiful. Everything is 5 stars standard even the bread. The bread is very good and their butter is GREAT! I asked for more butter and they gave me extra bread!!!Worth trying!
4	Even though the chicken was a bit dry, the service was amazing. The truffle oil mashed potatoes were heavenly, and...The dessert was the absolute best part of the meal. Creme brulee cheesecake. You absolutely must try it, and the warm doughnuts with dipping sauces are also fantastic.Order dessert first, then maybe a meal if you are still hungry.
3	Food: mediocre.In fact, I can't even remember what we ordered... the only thing that I can remember is the lollipop chicken, which if you are a fan of buffalo wings, then these will serve you justice.The other stuff... what did we get?  Was it crab something?  Steak frites?  Maybe so.  But definitely wasn't good enough to rave about. Our waiter was great, attentive, kept us in check.  But.. foodwise, a little disappointing.
4	Great service and even better food. I had a ribeye that was one of the best I've ever had. My wife had the asparagus crab salad that she thought was good but nothing to write home about. The ambiance was five star (it's in the Encore) and the calamari appetizer was the best both of us had ever had. Mindblowingly good!! I'd give it five stars if my wife's dish was killer. I would go back in a minute.
4	We ate here twice while we stayed at Encore.  The prices were average (for Encore prices) and it was delicious.  I ordered finger food both times but my boyfriend ordered a burger the first time and pancakes the second time.  He raved about both.  Their mac n cheese bites are to DIE for!  Their chicken lollipops are awesome as well!
4	Service was good but a tad bit slow.  Had a business lunch and we all ordered from their lunch menu which comes on one plate and has a choice of soup, sandwich, and dessert.  I had tomato bisque, filet mignon slider with bleu cheese, and fruit.  Overall a good place and I would come again.  A little pricey for lunch.
5	Loved the decor and ambiance, very elegant.Came for breakfast and lunch. The filet mignon breakfast sliders are amazing as are the lunch filet mignon caramelized onion sliders. The burger is really good and possibly better than the angus burger at terrace point cafe at Wynn. Prices are a bit much though. Our lunch order of a burger and sliders with no alcohol or appetizers came out to ~$50..We had the same waiter both times and found him to be very friendly and polite.
4	Story from the elevator:  Had just retreated with the aforementioned piece of layer cake.  A "couple" we had just observed at SCE were retreating likewise with a piece of chocolate cake.First exchange: young lady in shapely dress boards elevator, eyes two older gentlemen with white beards (coal miner convention?), looks them up & down, and proclaims--"C'mon guys. where's your hooker!?"Wife & I trade furtive glances, and attempt to maintain composure.  We have 30 floors to go without breaking out laughing before this intoxicated young lady who may or may not herself be "working."Second exchange:  man dressed in his clubbing shirt giggles & says "cannot wait to eat this cake."  Young lady giggles more and proclaims "Yeah, on your Di*k!"  Two old guys exit elevator, heads shaking.  Young "couple" exits, more giggles.  Wife & I are left alone on the elevator ...laughter is heard.Only in Vegas.  Thanks Wynn.
2	ordered sliders... the inside was purple. the Caesar salad was nothing to write home about. but the pretzel sticks were yummy.
4	Service 5 stars, exceptional staff, pushed in my chair, placed my napkin, just like a high end steakhouseFood 5 stars.  There was a wide selection of shrimp, chicken, salads, and more.  I had fish and chips with a shrimp calamari appetizer. Everything was great.Price 4 stars. It was worth the money, but a little pricey for a small lunch.  It is in the Wynn Encore, after all.
3	We didn't really have much choice for breakfast before we caught our flight out of Las Vegas. This was the only restaurant open in the morning at brunch-ish time. Whatever, how can you mess up breakfast? Well....wow....I know Vegas is overpriced but sheesh....$17 for a bowl of berries? And the only reason we ordered them was because our server messed up our order. Along with the million dollar bowl of berries we had the breakfast flatbread with vegan sausage. It was HUGE. Enough for two people to share. Do yourself a favor if you're staying at the Encore...walk over to the Wynn and enjoy their buffet. I mean, the food was OK - just overpriced.
5	Went here for Thanksgiving lunch and I ended up ordering a burger. This was the second place I've ever been that gave me a plain burger without a bun. Maybe I missed something on the menu? Other than that... the food was great. I ordered a Blood Orange Mimosa, and they ended up sending two to my table. Thank you!
5	Had the frittata and a very tasty Bloody Mary.  Service at the bar was friendly and accommodating.  Also the portions were larger here compared to terrace point and Tablou.
2	Society was a convenient option since we were staying at the Encore.  If you're looking for somewhere easy, I would recommend coming here although Wazuzu might be a better choice.We got the chef's tasting menuButternut Squash Soup: it came in a small soup bowl (wasn't impressed)Grilled Artichokes: Way too greasyOrichette Pasta with Chicken: Beyond bland and tasteless and too soup with dry chicken Warm Doughnuts: This was probably the best part of the mealMaybe it's a lot better for brunch?
4	I really do like this place.  It is spendy but the food is good and the service is usually pretty fast.  I say usually and this is why I only gave a 4 star review.  At lunch time the service can take a dive and the it seems as though the bar gets more attention than the dining room.  Other than the inconsistent service I really like this place and would go back.  The pretzel sticks with mustard butter are a favorite and I have gone there just to get them and take them home.  I also like that you get Swedish fish after the meal, way better than mints.
2	Convenient option within the Encore but overly priced for both the quality and quantity of food. Got the chef's tasting menu - soup came in a small teacup.  Grilled Artichokes were decently flavored but oily.  Pasta was overcooked and soupyFried donuts were solid.overall - far better options across the street at the fashion mall - save your money for the  Craps table
5	it was THE best service i have ever received at a restaurant!!!our waiter was Michel and he was the best waiter one can ever ask for. we say this with confidence as we have been to many fancy restaurants and Michel is simplest the best. i am a very critical diner as i pay close attention to customer service and Michel had given my husband and i flawless, PERFECT service every second that we were at the restaurant. our water was constantly filled, he was very courteous, friendly, attentive, made great recommendation, patient, etc. it was just the perfect dining experience because of him. my husband took me there to celebrate my birthday. Michel even took the time to ask me my name so he could ask the chef to write down my name on my dessert plate. i think he is the head waiter as he execute service to a level that is amazing. if he is not, he should be! with the professional and wonderful service attitude that he has, he should be the head waiter or even the manager!  i can tell that he is proud of his job and he even showed other waiters how to pull water, etc. he even recommended us to stay at Wynn!! food-the blueberry lemonade cocktail was yummy with real blueberry $13, the 15 layers chocolate cake was very delicious $12 (huge cake), the rib eye was so so for $39 as it was a little overcooked, side crab cake $9 was yummy and very fresh (the taste of crab in the crab cake was amazing and dense), the sea bass fish dish was not bad. cost-we spent a total of $120 after tax and was very inclined to tip over 20% as our waitor Michel was just amazing! we even took time to write on the receipt to thank him for a wonderful meal.i would highly recommend this place due to the excellent service we got. i would go back just for michel even though i think the food was about 3.5 stars. however, there are other dishes that we can try next time if we do go back to visit vegas again.
1	Mediocre food at top dollar prices. Inconsiderate host/waitstaff. I agree with Matt F...save your money for the Craps tables...especially Casino Royale $3 Craps with 20X odds! :-)
5	Had breakfast here on a Saturday morning and was impressed! Wife and I decided to order two dishes and split them. One was the Society Omelette, which you can load up with all kinds of ingredients such as mozzarella, spinach, bacon, sausage, peppers, asparagus, and more. You pay for any ingredients above three but hey! You're on vacation! So who cares? It will be an omelette you'll write home about. Loved it!But I mentioned we ordered two dishes, right? Well, the next one blew the Society Omelette away! We also ordered the Frosted Flake French Toast. It's a succulent french toast plate with caramelized bananas, whipped chocolate cream, and crushed frosted flakes (see photos). I'm kicking myself for not thinking of this first. Combining my favorite breakfast food with my favorite cereal is simply ingenious! And believe me it works, too.We loved this dish so much we not only vowed to return to Society Cafe, but next time to order two of these instead of that great omelette. Society Cafe has a very comfortable atmosphere and excellent service as well. We spotted a bar on the way out, so I believe you can get some strong drinks here, too.
5	Took my wife here for her birthday.  The level of service here blew us away.  The waiter Michel appears to enjoy his profession to the point of making me blush.Food was good but not as memorable as the level of care and attention we received.  The dessert was even personalised when it came out.  Blush.  The birthday girl wasn't even me.
5	Amazing food!  Amazing service!Breakfast must have's...Frosted Flake French Toast                                         Steak & Egg Sliders                                         Bloody Mary's or Mimosa'sLunch must have's.......Fried Mac n Cheese & Aioli                                         Lobster Roll                                         Steak SaladEven the freaking pretzel bread sticks & mustard butter is awesome.  (Vegan & Vegetarian friendly too!)
5	I still think about the tasty Frosted Flakes crusted French toast . Crispy on the edge, an incredible treat to wake up to. No need for syrup with the caramelized banana topping.   Sticky buns were gobbled up by my family in a blink of the eye.  Service friendly and efficient.  Had breakfast there two days in a row, and was pleasantly surprised that the GM remembered us from the day before and treated us like a regular.  Breakfast and lunch time is busy.  Dinner is quiet, but the food is just as good.
4	Came here in January 2013 for a quick bite before going to watch Le Reve. We had the pre-fixe menu and it was fabulous.The price was great and the menu had lots of options. My eating experience was great especially with the dining options and the service. I was debriefing with the gals I was with and we agreed that this meal was one of our favorite during our stay in Vegas.
3	Very good, yet not to memorable
4	Great atmosphere (they have Swedish fish at the counter instead of mints!) and wonderful vegetarian food.
3	The pictures make it look like it's a huge fancy space that's separated from the main casino. In reality, it's sort of a porch that looks out into the sea of slot machines. The decor was still pretty, but not quite what I had expected. It's a bit pricey. Most breakfast entries, the burger, or a sandwich will set you back about $20 with tax and tip. The portions were okay, but nothing we ordered really wowed. Good place for a quick bite or to take a break from the gambling, but if you're looking for something special, this is not the spot.
5	This was a really nice surprise especially for a casino cafe.  I was playing blackjack and the pit boss asked if I would be interested in a free buffet for lunch. That particular day I just wasn't feeling like having a buffet, some days I do but that day I just wasn't even though I have tried the Wynn Buffet before and liked it.  I asked if I could have a comp to their cafe instead, which they happily gave me and I'm so glad I did!Unlike other casino cafe comps which have a set amount you can request, they have a system and allows you to check in at the front with just your ID.  At the table, you're comped any beverage, an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert.  This is really nice because the food is similar to an upscale cafe or restaurant in Santa Monica or West Hollywood.  The decor is really well designed, the first thing you notice is the red, plush sofa looking booths along the walls with a nice view out onto the casino area.  The menu has a surprising amount of selections with sandwiches, soups, salads, and pasta choices.  I ordered bottle water and iced tea (the waitress said that I could order both with my comp so I said sure!), and they gave me a huge 2 liter bottle of Fiji water which I took home with me.  For my starter the salads looked great (the caprese and jumbo crab salads both sounded good) but in the end I ordered a bowl of their fresh butternut squash soup.  Also, they brought out these soft pretzel breadsticks which were warm and addictive and paired with this whole grain mustard dip.  For my entree I ordered the lobster salad club roll, which included bacon chunks, pancetta, spiced mayonnaise, and avocado along with chunks of lobster meat on a Challah hot dog bun.  It was really delicious and I love lobster rolls.  The bacon chunks gave it just the right of salt and weren't flat pieces of crispy bits, they were chunky, meaty, dig your teeth into chunks that provided a contrast in texture.  For Dessert, they had a whole different dessert menu which they change constantly I think.  Their most popular seemed to be the ice cream sampler and banana split.  It would be worth coming here for dessert alone to be honest.  I ordered the cheesecake brulee, which was so good!  It was a round NY style cheesecake with a really deep, crumbly graham cracker crust and that burnt flame melted sugar layer on top that gave it its brulee name.  Really great mash-up of two favorites that made me wonder why I hadn't seen that before. The total would have come out to $62 had it not been comped, so I'm really glad I got that instead of the buffet which I doubt I would not have enjoyed as much.  Also for vegetarians they apparently have this vegetarian meal that's supposed to be incredible.  Service was flawless and I went away happy.
5	Society Cafe at the Encore is a consistent, solid go-to for a quick corporate lunch.Most recently I had a meeting in the Encore business conference room scheduled in the morning and then I had to meet a colleague over at the Federal court house (downtown) in the afternoon with little time in between to go all the way back to the office and then back downtown. So we decided to kill a little time and grab a quick bite at Society Cafe (the firm has a standing table reservation). Although the restaurant was busy we were seated and served promptly. I love the steak salad (no blue cheese) and usually enjoy the compliementary pretzel bread they bring out before your meal. I am usually in and out of Society in 30 minutes, which is perfect for a quick weekday lunch.
5	Wow, I loved this place.Came here for my bachelorette dinner. Food:Ahi Tuna Taco: very crispy and delicious! They come in three. They were appetizers but a good amount.Iceberg lettuce salad: crispy but the cheese was too much. But it was good.Service:excellent service!!! I'm impressed.Ambiance:Great design. I love the look of the place! Very modern nd sleek!Downside:Bathrooms outsideThis place was great! :)
4	such a cutely decorated restaurant with an equally impressive menu to match. great ambiance, friendly staff, large comfortable booths and tables for your large group. get the lollipop wings, mac and cheese bites, and steak - those were my faves. the only downside is that the bathrooms are out in the casino area which means walking out of the restaurant and quite a ways down the hall in your high Vegas-heels in the middle dinner... otherwise, we had a great time here!
2	Over priced!
4	This is a pricey restaurant in a bougie hotel, but hey, what else would you expect? We picked it for a bachelorette party since we wanted a fancy dinner and it was close to Surrender, which was our destination afterward. Very nice, modern ambiance, and the perfect place for a classy dinner or date. The menu offers interesting, upscale versions of your favorite comfort foods. I ordered the jumbo lump crab and asparagus salad, which I really, really enjoyed. The hearts of palm were a nice, unique addition. It was the perfect portion for a pre-going-out dinner, and very generous with the crab. For dessert, our party ordered the donut holes with chocolate and caramel dipping sauces, which were also delicious. Service was outstanding. We had multiple servers for our large party, keeping our champagne glasses full, and all of them professional and hospitable above all standards. I do wish they had a bathroom in the restaurant... it's quite a walk to the casino restroom, especially in heels and after some bubbly. The food wasn't the most memorable I've ever had, but the great service made our experience special. I'd love to come back for the breakfast that everyone raves about.
5	One of my favorite casual dinning places in Vegas. Very upscale for a cafe but I wouldn't expect anything less from Wynn. Mac and cheese bites are amazing.
5	This place knows how to do breakfast. I came here twice this past weekend with my Dad for breakfast while staying at the Encore and my meal both times was great! First time I had three eggs sunny-side up with two sausages, potatoes, and blueberries. The second time I had two eggs sunny-side up with bacon, potatoes, and strawberries. The eggs were perfectly cooked, and the bacon and sausage were delicious. The real highlight of the meal were the potatoes. They were extremely tender and very flavorful, and seasoned just right. My Dad loved his meals as well. He had a bagel with lox, cream cheese, and toast with butter and grape jelly the first morning. The second morning he had two eggs sunny-side up with two sausages, potatoes, toast with butter and grape jelly, and a side of raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries. He originally wanted to order room service so that we could eat quick and get to the golf course, but after having breakfast the first day he liked the place so much that he agreed to go back with me; I'm glad he did. The service was excellent and our waitress continually checked in on us both days. It was my first time in Las Vegas and I'm glad I found such a great place to have breakfast. I'm definitely coming back here if I ever make it back to Las Vegas again.
2	This was my favorite cafe in Vegas,  I've been here many times and recommended to friends, but Society was off its game this morning.  Terrible service.   Diners at the table next to mine were complaining to each other too.   Requested a Danish (part of the continental as on the menu) but was offered a cinnamon roll instead.  20 minutes (and an empty coffee cup) later we're wondering what happened to our order when the server comes back to inform me they're out of the cinnamon rolls too and offers coffee cake muffin instead.  I cancel the order.  10 minutes later, coffee cake arrives via another server anyway.  Fine.  My companion's omelet was delivered tepid  Bill arrives -- $20 for a $16 continental breakfast (that had been cancelled yet delivered) plus $4 for the coffee included but charged additionally, plus $8.50 for an unordered bottle of water.  Total overcharges $16.50 on top of what should be a $37 bill.  Never got the juice I ordered as included in the continental..  "I forgot to write it down.  Would you like it to go?"
5	What a treat!  You get both the visual pleasure of the atmosphere.  It looked like a motif taken from Audrey Hepburn's dress in My Fair Lady (the scene at the polo game), with the beautiful black and white primary colors with fushia accents.  Now let me get to the food - amazing.  For a "casual dining" restaurant 5 stars as the Wynn/Encore always seem to do effortlessly.  Now let me mention the bread, which was a selection of pretzel bread or pumpernickel style pretzel bread served with warm whole grain mustard w/butter spread - addictive!Both my sister and my mom had the wonderful steak salad, with the salad to steak ratio leaning more towards the steak!  Very tender and tasty.  I had the "box lunch" selecting the focacia chicken w/asparagus sandwich - delightful - the bread delicious with a wonderful fruit and nut salad, loaded with spiced cashews and fruit.  It ended with a selection with either fruit or mini donuts quite wonderful.  A very nice place for a special lunch, breakfast, brunch or even dinner.Enjoy!
3	Went here for dinner with the family although this place is more well-known for brunch. Good ambience, pretty decors and elegant furniture. Service was great and our server was attentive.We were given a basket of pretzels with mustard butter while we waited.  For starters, we got the mac n cheese bites with truffle dipping sauce.  It was excellent.  Creamy mac n cheese balls that are breaded and deep-fried then you dip it in truffle sauce.  YUM!  That went to my hips for sure.  We ordered bouillabaisse, Scottish salmon with red and white quinoa, and sliders and fries.  They were pretty good but nothing amazing.  We ended the meal with dougnut bites with chocolate sauce and caramel sauce...nothing amazing either.I would seriously have to come back here for brunch.  I'm sure they do a better job over brunch than dinner.
4	we had very good ribeye, cocktails and appetizers...but they serve fish and chips with ketchup, not vinegar...and the espresso without a lemon twist. the regular coffee was very good, though. skip the dessert menu. it was very limited. we had the chocolate cake but it was heavily frosted and seemed a little old and dry. the atmosphere needs a professionals touch. one who can get a little closer to a "cafe society" feel. this feels more like an 80's italian vibe. the wait staff is very professional...
5	Winner winner vegan dinner!SO in love with this place... after hearing that Stephen Wynn is a Vegan and all his restaurants are somewhat vegan friendly, I was beyond thrilled to try this place!Was seated immediately upon entering. Our server was very quick and took our drink orders. Came back with our drinks with generous amounts of pretzels + dipping sauce. I asked him if the pretzel had butter or if the sauce had dairy... no butter, yes dairy in the sauce. within 3 minutes he came back with a vegan version of the dipping sauce. IMPRESSIVE! Was the most flavorful thing I've tasted since going vegan... just kidding (half kidding).Ordered:Orecchiette pasta (Foraged Mushrooms, Asparagus, Green & Yellow Beans,Roasted Tomatoes, Brussels Sprouts, Broccoli Rabe) - $19 This pasta was delicious! I was surprised with how present the flavors were for being made without red or alfredo sauce. Amazing! I'm a bit picky with pasta and this was just perfect! Not try at all and the perfect texture. Highly recommend!Society Vegetable Tasting (Red & White Quinoa, Grilled Artichoke, Abalone Mushrooms,Roasted Beets, All Things Green) - $20 SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FREAKIN' AMAZING! Hands down the BEST roasted beets I've ever had in my life. It literally melted in my mouth. The green consisted of asparagus and green beans which was also very good. I kid you not, the quinoa was life changing. I pride myself in making the best quinoa, but this place takes the gold medal.... I still get silver. Everyone at my table seemed to enjoy it as well :) Vegan or not, I highly recommend this dish. It would be great as an appetizer to share.Prices are reasonable for the quality of food you get. Presentation is beautiful and service is just remarkable. I can't wait to try the other restaurants at Encore and the Wynn!
5	Great place! Coming here for lunch instead of going to another buffet was the best decision ever. After going to Bacchanal the day before, My food baby and I were done with buffets for a while. At Society, we got the "lunch box specials" which were each $23 and came with: (choose 1 from each category)-salad/soup,-panini/sandwich/slider-fruit/cinnamon doughnuts I got the tomato bisque, chicken asparagus panini, and fruit combo and it was delicious! Give this place a try!
4	Breakfast! So yummy! Potatoes are AMAZE-balls. Like, if you go in with a hangover (pretty likely in Vegas), expect to eat A LOT. They soak up the alcohol so nicely and are just freaking bomb.I always get some yummy egg white omelets to complement my grease - the Gruyere they use is delicious, and I stuff that puppy full of all the vegetable offerings available. Allegedly there is a guy that comes around with bloody marys but I actually never saw him the last time we were here. Stuck with champagne / mimosas for my hair-of-the-dog choice.OMG the bread is to die for as well.Service is a bit slow, I think because they are always packed. But we always come here for breakfast when staying at the Wynn/Encore and are never disappointed :)
3	My VEGAN friend was super ecstatic about trying this spot because Stephen Wynn is a vegan, and makes sure to cater to his vegan diners by including several delicious vegan items on the menu.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5?selected=ioydFITdh8ro4athiyFpmg#P0Bs-nU3tTYV5llJ6LfRVA)Me and my friends came here for a dinner on a Sunday night and it wasn't too busy-- we were seated right away.  Our server was friendly but our food took a little longer than expected, considering that it wasn't too busy.  Although my hungover-ness may have lowered my level of patience.  I usually don't eat the complimentary breads but the pretzel bread sticks were pretty good!  Warm, soft, and it was served with a soft butter sauce. I ordered the Sirloin Burger w/ Bacon, Mushroom, Swiss, and a Fried Egg  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5?selected=ioydFITdh8ro4athiyFpmg#xOPsNVMYXtsQH4KmFRHcrg).  It was an average burger-- I wish the burger patty had more flavor; it was just a big boring patty.   I ended up just picking at the burger and ate the mushrooms, bacon, and egg.  The price was decent: $15 and $1 extra to add an item.  $3 to add a fried egg is a little too much, don't cha think?
5	I didn't like the burger but I've been here many times and the steak is great.
4	I like the vibe here.  Got my turkey burger and caesar salad.  The two things I really love in this world!  You should try their mac n cheese bites, steak and frites, and their huge chocolate cake.   Tasty, great service.
4	Since I was staying at Encore, it was only appropriate to have a meal at Society Cafe.  And that appropriate time for me would be for breakfast.  It was a very good way to start off my day before heading out to the Strip.Right off the bat I already knew that I would be picking up their Ultimate Steak & Egg Sliders.  It totally stuck out from the rest of the menu and it's pretty obvious that that's what they want you to order.  To go with it, I went an interesting choice and decided to try one of their blended juices, The Green Monster.The Green Monster - Cucumbers, Celery, Spinach, Fennel, Green Apples, Parsley & Ginger. CHEERS!!! --  http://bit.ly/Z3dr2FThis was a very invigorating juice blend but it was pretty tasty as well.  Not sure if it was exactly the right pairing for the Sliders, but it did the job.  Plus it also made up for the lack of fruits and veggies I didn't have the day before.The Ultimate Steak & Egg Sliders - Filet Mignon, Scrambled Eggs, Creamed Spinach, Bacon Cheddar Muffin --  http://bit.ly/11dtlDUJust reading the description is good enough to build your appetite.  At first I was a little discouraged when the waiter said that you only get two, but when you look at the picture, you could probably understand why.  These sliders were big!  The fact that there were mini filets inside just upped the ante with any typical burger slider.  These were really good.  The filets were cooked perfectly that they weren't tough when you bit into them, but instead were really soft and easy to chew.  The bacon cheddar muffins were awesome and the creamed spinach and eggs helped the sliders all come together.  They were definitely Ultimate!!Overall, solid restaurant and worth dining at if you're staying at Encore or Wynn.  It definitely made for a great breakfast!
4	Amazing burger and the Mac and cheese bites were delicious. Would recommend the donuts for desserts. Also the blackberry margarita was very good
3	Society Cafe presumably fills the casual diner role in Encore, but the restaurant has a much darker and lounge-like feel than, for example, the much more standard Terrance Point Cafe at Wynn.  What may be discomforting to some does, though, broaden the usefulness of the space to be a more social and relaxing environment rather than simple utilitarian eatery.  The food is pretty good and does a decent job of offering, as promised by the website, "a twist on the comfort food that everyone loves."For lunch, I started with the Tomato Bisque, which was artistically presented, and I felt bad digging into it.  The pretzel bread with mustard spread was an appreciated and refreshing change from the usual bread and butter.  I got the Filet Sliders ($22) on the recommendation of the server.  They were more filling than I anticipated and tasted alright--definitely better than ordinary sliders in using the filet instead of ground beef.  I would probably, however, look for a more adventurous offering on a second visit.  The sliders also come with some decent thick-cut fries.
4	Had a late breakfast after a late concert (GnR) the night before. Since it was after the lunch menu, we ordered from the "Still Breakfast" section.  We were NOT disappointed. Get the pancakes or the egg-white frittata. Excellent!! Our waiter, Robert, couldn't have been better. The only reason it's not 5 stats is that it's expensive, so less bang for the buck. Still an excellent choice for an excellent meal
5	Thank you, Steve Wynn! Thank you for going vegan so that people like me can have a great meal. Vegan Options - Florentine Benedict - English muffin, sauteed spinach, and smokey tofu. The smokey flavor of the tofu makes this dish fabulous. Wynn Double "Cheese"burger, Fries, and a Chocolate Shake - Sometimes you just want an indulgent meal without it feeling heavy on the stomach. This was so darn good! I will keep coming back here every time I go to Vegas!
4	Best ahi tuna tacos's Ive ever tries.  Also, delicious mc n cheese bites!  The burger was and the fries were ok but the appetizers is where the money is.  Will def come back when I stay at the Wynn/Encore and it seems they have good brunch too after reading more reviews.  Excellent service and very nice atmosphere.  Thumbs up!
5	"Perfect Place to Have Breakfast and Lunch!"This restaurant is the perfect place to have a late breakfast and lunch. The food is always fresh and tasty. The service is out of this world and the ambiance helps you start your day off feeling on top of the world. Both my husband and I love this place and will return again. Visited July 2013
4	I was planning my friend's bachelorette party in Vegas the past weekend. I looked to good ol' Yelp to see what would be a perfect restaurant that :1. can handle a group of 12-15 girls.2. takes reservations (because we were on a strict time schedule and had no time to wait in long lines for dinner)3. be friendly on the wallet (since its already an expensive weekend)4.a cute and classy place to have our 'formal dinner'I was able to make reservations on Yelp via Opentable several months in advance. I didn't know how popular or busy this place would get but i figured, better be safe than sorry! Arrived in the nick of time to make our 8pm dinner reservation on a Friday night. To my surprised the restaurant was pretty dead. We only had to wait a few minutes before they set up our table 'to be more intimate.' Whatever that means. Decor was really elegant and chic. Lighting however was EXTREMELY dim that after sitting around chit chatting for awhile, a lot of us got sleepy cause it was so dark. (I'm talking movie theater dim) Their menu wasn't huge but had a variety of stuff ranging from salads, pastas to burgers. I believe it was enough variety for every girl to pick out something appealing. Prices ranged from $20-40 which i thought was very reasonable.SERVICE. We had one waiter helping our table out and due to the changes in number of girls attending dinner, he was VERY accommodating. The only thing was towards the end when we were finishing up food, he was no where to be found so we had to wave him down a few times. FOOD. They give u complementary pretzel sticks with some kind of spread. It was good and flavorful. I ordered the Filet Mignon Sliders came with a side of fries which were really tasty and filling. I noticed that a lot of the pictures of food on their yelp page were not on the menu but i assume they serve different things for breakfast/lunch/dinner. I definitely would like to come back and try this place for breakfast/lunch.I would definitely recommend Society Cafe for anyone who is looking to find a nice, classy, formal place to have dinner without breaking the bank.
4	Made a spontaneous trip to Vegas this past weekend and this was the only place I ate at during my 24 hour stay in Vegas lol.I got a chance to taste my friend's American Kobe burger when I arrived and it was pretty good! Definitely needed that after a long 5 hour drive. The next morning, we came here again for lunch and I got the grilled chicken fruit and nut salad. $20 salad, but it was well worth it! Very refreshing and actually pretty filling. The chicken was grilled to perfection - even though it was lightly seasoned, the meat was still juicy and tender. They also had these complimentary yummy pretzel sticks with mustard-butter as a dipping sauce.Food is definitely on the higher end scale, but the service is good and the ambience was great for celebrating my girl's birthday :).
5	This place rocks for breakfast! The society omelette and benedict were delicious and presented very nice.- excellent service- great breakfast place to start your day rightGood job Encore!
5	Loved this place! Worth every penny we paid for. The "bacon and eggs" with the pork belly and filet sliders were delicious. We went in early for breakfast and got in right away. Service was great with Todd and Roberto.
5	Best meal we had in Las Vegas.  \At the suggestion of the waiters I ordered the ultimate steak and egg sliders which has filet mignon, creamed spinach, scrambled egg, and bacon and cheddar biscuits.  The biscuits have real pieces of bacon in them as well, not bacon bits.  Steak was cooked to medium perfection, the creamed spinach was rich and tasty, and the eggs cooked to fluffy perfection.  I got a side of potatoes which were the best country potatoes I have ever had in my life.  My wife ordered the bacon and eggs.  Which was a play on words because the bacon was pork belly cooked so well that it fell apart with your fork.  The two poached eggs were covered in Hollandaise sauce on top of fried potatoes with avocado and peppers.  Both dishes were fantastic.  The ambiance is laid back and the decor is trendy and bright.  Our servers were Roberto and Todd, they suggested the dishes, wisely I might add, and were johnny on the spot when our cups were halfway low.  They did an amazing job.  So much so, that this will be out go to spot for breakfast while visiting Las Vegas from now on.  Our next time we will also have to pop in for dinner because if its as good as the breakfast, there might not be a reason to ever go anywhere else.
3	After failing at a few places, we wandered in Society Cafe and it was a pretty decent find. I do think it's a bit overrated though.They have these pretzel bread sticks they give you with your meal. These were pretty good and a nice deviation from typical bread. But they were not outrageous by any means.I got the tomato bisque, which was near perfect. I would give this soup 5 stars.I got the Lobster roll, which came with old bay chips. The lobster roll was tasty, and the addition of avocado and bacon pieces was real nice. But for $24, it was a bit smallish. I would have liked more for my money.The old bay chips were good, but they were just that, chips.
3	We went for dinner. Our waiter was okay. Once we didn't order expensive meals, he became much less attentive.  The food was good. The decor was gaudy. It was overpriced. Average experience.
4	Had a stellar brunch experience out here.1. Vegan burger, fries and shake2. Tofu florentine3. Vegan french toast. The burger was so hearty with a cheese that was vegan but did not taste vegan. I would skip the shake (choco) unless you are a huge fan of coconut milk. The tofu florentine was on mini english muffins with a generous heap of sauteed greens and tomatoes. And a vegan hollandaise. Served with an arugula side salad. Yummers. Felt like a real brunch. And the french toast! The clear winner. Excellent!The meal with a latte, green juice and iced tea came up to about $70.Of course, service and ambiance are reminiscent of all Encore establishments. No complaints there. Go try this place!
3	We got there around 10am and the place was jumpin.  Surprisingly we got a table within 10 minutes.  Our food was definitely satisfactory but quite pricey.  I'm starting to get used to the sticker shock of the restaurants at the wynn/encore but I do wish to break it down for you.  here is what we ordered: 2 eggs with bacon, 1 ham and cheese sandwich, mac and cheese bites appetizer, 1 mimosa, 2 coffees the bill came to $75+ tip.   So if money ain't a thing and you don't expect something spectacular for these prices, you will be fine here.  I really don't mind spending this kind of money on food, i just hope to be more impressed when I do.
5	Society handled our Wedding Rehearsal Dinner on 8.10.13.  They were FANTASTIC!  We did everything remotely (we live in LA) and they could not have been more on top of things or made it easier.  They also do every last detail right - down to customized menus.  In addition, the venue is gorgeous and very glamorous (we had an Old Hollywood theme).  Food is also delish!  I highly recommend them for any meal or event!
4	This place was awesome. From the pretzel bread and mustard to the custom burger, the food was legit. But almost better than the food was the service. Our waiter, Michel, was amazing. He was very much on top of everything and everyone (not just our table). I would come back for the service alone! I definitely recommend this place for a great casual meal.
3	The food was good.  Had the filet mignon egg sliders and fries for lunch.  Service was a bit rushed and not overly friendly.
5	Had a great lunch here.  The Lunch box with sweet corn soup, chopped salad and warm mini doughnuts was yummy and not too much food,  love the decor of this spot.  One of the more reasonably priced spots at the Wynn/Encore
5	Excellent food and even better service!!!! A group of us went here after an author signing. They accommodated us on a Saturday nite with ease. Our waiter was excellent. We never needed to ask for anything. Our drink glass was never empty. We started off with macaroni bites, fried calamari done both styles. I am not a fan of macaroni and cheese but wow they were delicious!!! I had the sweet corn soup, delicious as well. My main course was the orricchette past absolutely to die for!! My friends had the filet mignon with the sides of mushrooms, asparagus and mashed potatoes. Even the burger with the homemade French fries were to die for!!!! the beet salad was great!! The turkey club was tasty. Everything we ordered was a hit. We will go back here every time we are at Vegas!!!
4	My guy and I went to eat here for brunch. A little pricey for breakfast but still good food. The server was great and very attentive. They will call you by your last name when they know your room number.Ambiance is classic, casual and can be romantic at night. Overall, good experience.
4	Yuuuumy. Inside Encore...perfect choice after day pool party =)Had the seared tuna salad, the mini sliders, meatballs (VERY tasty) and two different type of burgers! Their pretzel bread was warm to the touch. It was around 5pm so the restaurant wasn't packed, good service. Close to the elevators to our room. Nothing bad to say about this place!!
1	$$$
4	3.5 stars. Service was good. They give you mini pretzel bread that was good with the butter. My burger was moist.The meatballs weren't bad. Corn soup was delish.Overall it was good, but nothing wow.
3	Excellent bloody mary and excellent mini pretzel bread and garlic butter.Both the wings and the meatballs were a little on the dry side, but I really loved all the accompanying sauces.
3	I had the steak&egg slider. Its pretty good, but I don't think it's worth $20. However, consider its inside Encore, I guess it's alright. My husband had the panini. I really didn't like it. My husband didn't even touch it at all, the panini bread is really hard, like a rock. My in laws had the steak & egg -$24.... I don't think I'd go back again, the price and the entrees didn't have that type of "wow" effect.
2	Cute place...prices aren't so cute though.I came here with a group of my girlfriends for lunch since we were staying at Encore.The place is super cute and pretty...they definitely lure you in with their decor. I got the lunch special trio with:-Fresh fruit: I don't like the fruit they used and it was all sour...-Salad: the salad was warm and not cold. I hate that...and it just wasn't even good-Fillet slider: Good but I finished that thing in 2 bites....I believe I paid about $40 bucks for this...which is pretty ridiculous. I have no problem paying more for good food, but for the quality of the food that I got...I should have paid $5 bucks for this thing...okay maybe a bit more than $5, but bottom line...not good here and not worth the prices....never again!
4	Loved the food, service, and decor. We ordered their mac n cheese bites for our appetizer. I ordered a vegan salad and my sister ordered their vegan pasta. We loved the mac n cheese bites. They were so yummy and it went so well with their truffle cheese sauce. I also enjoyed my salad; it was perfect in terms of portion. It had celery in it which I hate, but surprisingly it went well with the salad. My sister really liked her pasta too. She also liked the fact that there were more veggies than pasta. The service was very good. Our servers greeted me by name each time and they were very prompt and friendly. My favorite was probably the decor though. It's so contemporary and modern. It was a beautiful restaurant and we had a beautiful time there.
4	Came here to recover from partying at XS the night before. I liked the upscale feel of this place but it still felt casual enough where we didn't need collard shirts to eat breakfast....well....more like brunch.I shared a red eye breakfast and a "bacon and eggs" with my girl. The eggs were done right but the meat is where I was impressed. So succulent, juicy, perfect. The other things my friends ordered looked amazing as well...especially the pastrami sandwich. I'll have to come back and get it next time.The down side is that this place is expensive. The breakfast plates here are $20+. Oh well....when in Vegas.....
4	I had breakfast there during my visit this week and the food was good and service was attentive. They serve a coffee that is really good. (not flavoured, but just great aroma and taste) I had the eggs benedict and it was exactly how it should be. Perfectly cooked eggs, roasted potatoes, and a roasted tomato on the side.
3	I don't mind paying high prices for really great food, but to be honest the dishes here aren't quite worth what they're charging. Of course, it's the Encore so at least I knew to expect said prices. Portion sizes are decent but I ate here with a group of six and none of us were overly impressed with our meals.I will say that the service was amazing and the pretzel bread sticks and butter with mustard seeds are top notch. I had a couple of drinks here as well - just bourbon and coke - and the drink prices were far more reasonable than the food ones.
3	Came here right after paying too much to get into XS and getting our hand stamps to grab dinner.  Service was fine, food was fine, was a bit pricey but it is inside encore so that's to be expected. I split the blackjack burger with my gf.  pretty good, good portion, good steak fries.There was just nothing to set this place apart from the other thousand restaurants on the strip.
3	Whew, prices are steep, but a to-go cup of their deliciously spicy virgin mary will just hit the spot sometimes.
2	food was okay. prices were crazy high though.
1	Not great food however service was excellent - especially the hostess - don't order the corn chowder or beer (not cold enough)! Ordered the Big Blue Burger (the blue cheese was very strong, over powered the beef - not cooked to order and not worth the cost!
2	The waitress with the warts around her eyes is terrible!  When I asked her about their juices and if they were blended together, she looked at me and said that would be gross.  Instead I ordered a sparling water, so she brought me a huge bottle that was big enough for four people and charged me $8.50.  That is a little much for one person to have water, if you ask me.  Then she didn't check on me again until I was almost done eating my breakfast.The omelt and potatoes didn't have much flavor either.  I wasn't impressed.
3	It was okay.. Service was extremely slow.. We had reservations@ 5pm and  were almost the only group in the restaurant- we didn't get our food for about 35 minutes..  I only ordered a salad.. Our server Allison was great.. Just didn't like the menu options & it was just blah-
5	Possibly one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. We had the crab cake eggs Benedict and the Filet Mignon breakfast sliders .... Perfect. The place is a little pricey of course, but worth it. Note: the high chair they provided to another guest's baby was upholstered in decor matching leather.... SWANKY.
5	The Filet Sliders were incredible, ice cold beer and great service.  Everything was perfect.
3	I should have listened to John B. when he called this place the Society of Snakes Cafe, LOL.  For brunch for 4, we spent over $100...and you think that it'd be pretty good for that, well...sadly no.My vegan benedict is nothing more than 2 pieces of fried tofu on top of english muffin with some tomatoes and...onions (when I specifically asked for no onions).  The waiter was VERY apologetic and said several times that it is not listed on the menu as having onions.  He seemed to be afraid of getting in trouble with his boss.  Whether or not the menu lists it (and I'm sure menus don't list all ingredients), I do believe it is the waitstaff's job to make sure the food allergies are noted with the kitchen.Food was mediocre and prices were way too high.  $17 for some fried eggs and bacon with toast?  That's what my friend ordered.  I'm glad the setting was beautiful at least so we can relax and chat for a while after that unsatisfying brunch.  Would not come back here again when there are so many great choices in Vegas for dining.
3	I stay at the Encore quite frequently. With all the different food choices I usually don't eat here unless I've had everything else. The prices are a bit expensive for the quality but it's at the Encore so what do you expect? The thing I used to get all the time are the sloppy joe sliders, but they have since got rid of them. My favorite things to get now are the meatball and the mac and cheese ball appetizers.They have sandwich and salad choices and a lunch box combo meal for $22 a person. That comes with a salad and a partial entree and for dessert, fresh fruit or sugared donut holes.The boyfriend likes the fillet Mignon sliders. The food is not bad, but it's a bit pricey. Overall, the restaurant atmosphere is nice with very plush seats, it's great for meeting up with friends and having a sit down meal before adventuring.
3	The mimosa and blood marys are good! We ordered from the mimosa/bloody mary cart and it was so fun watching them make the drink right in front of our table. As for the food, I ordered crab cakes benedict and a side of potatoes. The crab cakes were yummy and the potatoes were pretty darn tasty! The potatoes are like home fries (with meat in it). Overall, this place is a no fuss, pretty place to have weekend brunch. Even though this place is pricey, I'd definitely come back the next time I stay at the Wynn/Encore.
3	Breakfast here was not bad. We were headed home and this was my last meal in Vegas.I had the omelette with ham, spinach, tomato, onions, and cheddar cheese. I'm not sure you can go wrong with that.
5	American style breakfast!
5	Came here with my best friend and boyfriend. They had vegan options for her and keto friendly options for him. I had a truffle burger that was out of this world. I will definitely  stop in again. They also had half off drinks so I got myself a nice glass of sangria. I was one happy girl. Great place beautiful atmosphere. Will go again!
4	Came here for lunch with my husband and we both really enjoyed it! Now one of my new favorite lunch spots in Vegas! First of all, I really liked the decor and style of the place. Very modern/trendy in a Hollywood glamour sort of way. The name, "Society Cafe" really fits the whole vibe. Great place for the ladies!We got blood orange mimosas which were yummy and shared the Mac and Cheese bites, Lobster Roll, and the Steak Salad. Everything was delicious! I loved the truffle dipping sauce that came with the Mac and Cheese bites, a must-try! I would definitely get that again. The lobster roll tasted clean, and I loved the soft roll and the avocado slices on top. The steak salad with the kale was yummy too, although I wished the steak was a little softer. We ordered it medium-rare but it seemed more like medium. I liked how the portions of all the dishes were just right and not too big. Service was pleasant and our food came out pretty quickly. Although it's slightly on the pricey end, I guess it's expected since it IS Vegas, and it's inside the Encore. Overall, one of the better places to eat on the Strip.
1	Ate here before I headed out back to OC.  The ambiance is nice and wait staff is very polite.I had heard the sliders were excellent so I ordered that.   My wife ordered the braised short ribs.The presentation looked nice but I bit into my slider and it was rather bland... no flavor.  I asked for horse radish and it was very mild and even dousing it with horse radish couldn't save it.If one is paying 22 bucks for sliders they better have some crack in it or something to justify that price or make it so flavorful that you feel justified paying that kinda money.Id rather pay 22 bucks for some of those tasty hot dogs on the streets of LA.I sampled all my friends dishes and they all tasted bland as hell to me... except the fries...one fry had more flavor in it than all the dishes combined.Avoid this like the plague...
4	Best omelette we've had in a long while.  The pancakes were amazingly fluffy too.  But the toast was terrible.  Almost as though it was from a week ago.The service is impeccable.  The atmosphere is excellent.  And, it's Encore prices.  About $15 for three pancakes, $17 for the omelette, etc...  So if you don't mind the price, we recommend it.  We stay at the Encore each time we come to Las Vegas so the convenience factors in greatly for us.
4	The Wynn/Encore is stunning, and you can expect Society Cafe to be no less.There's a really great lunch menu, with a "lunch box" option.  I had the filet minon sliders, with a salad (and champagne, of course); but my husband had the french fries....I ended up eating most of them.  They were really delicious fries!The setting is a little stuffier than I expected for lunch, but the service was perfect.  And the decor, at least, is not to be missed.  Modern, bold black and white, with pops of fuschia, and lime...I think I saw lime green.  Anyway, if your goal, like mine, is to eat your way through Vegas, Society deserves a stop!
5	Delicious good and fantastic service! Great way to start off a trip to Vegas. Michel is one of the best waiters we've ever had!!
3	So my folks, who were staying at the Encore for a week, wanted to try this "cafe" but it was closed for a few days as they replaced some carpeting or flooring mid-December. As soon as it re-opened, we all went for breakfast. We were taken with the vibrant decor, which was gorgeous: kind of a faux-Victoriana vibe going on, with a lot of black and white and plush upholstery pieces and heavy brocade drapes with humongous tassles and pops of magenta... you get the idea! Striking and lovely.Perhaps we hit up the place at an off-time, as the service was really lacking. Yes, our waiter took our orders promptly, but he and the other waitstaff were super slow in bringing us our coffees and food. Parties that were seated way after us were served way sooner. We thought that perhaps they forgot about us. Then our foods started coming out and they messed up our orders. My father specifically wanted a bowl of blueberries and they brought him mixed berries, and the wrong juice. (We didn't order anything wacky! Just the advertised menu fare). Finally, when we all received our correct orders, I admit, the food was really good. I had the 2 eggs "Free Style" with bacon and toast and potatoes. It was great. My parents had a combination of blueberries (did you know they were considered a "Super Food"? LOL who knew?), and eggs and cereal. Sure, it was pricey, but everything was cooked how we wanted, with decent portions. Once the food arrived, that is.....My parents went back to Society Cafe for breakfast a few times after I left Vegas and they enjoyed it. Again, I suspect that I was just there on an off-day. I would definately try it again.
5	Extra star for the excellent service!!  We wanted a dish from another restaurant and the manager personally brought it to us with a smile!  My Dish on the Dishes: 1. Fish&Chips: Simple and more Japanese tempura style.  I was craving a bit more of the Ireland style but this tasted fine. :)2. Wynn Veggie "Burger" with cheese (comes with milkshake made with coconut milk and chocolate, all vegan!)  The milkshake was great!  The veggie burger did not taste like it was made in-house....so I would probably not order this again.  I have a thing for freshly made foods versus pre-packaged.3. Green machine juice was delicious!  It's worth the price, especially when you a seeking a little piece of "health" in this land of sin-health city (you know--all the alcohol, cigarette smoking in the casinos, etc.).  It's always nice to worship your body (i.e. temple) a little bit by allowing good things to enter.  4. Turkey Sandwich--made with fresh ingredients and definitely another healthy choice. In summary, 4 stars for overall attention to detail (and the yummy pretzel bread), and an extra one for the excellent customer service and accommodating manager. :)
2	While it was nice to see vegan options, they were very limited and the assumption seemed to be that vegans really miss meat and dairy.  The food was good, but not great.  The drinks were average at best a drink will cost you more than the meal.  The staff was rushed and unpleasant; the host that was attempting to look like a secret service agent with his earplug and inappropriate suit was obnoxious and rude.  It wasn't worth the money and I probably wouldn't go back.  The noise and smoke from the casino will make any meal less enjoyable.
5	i cant complainmy burger was good. no complaints. fries were good too. and there are warm pretzels on the table to snack on while you wait for your meal. price is exactly what you expect since your in the encore. i will go back.
4	We were not in the mood for a fancy dinner, but we did want to find a place that was not gimmicky or kitschy.   This fit the bill perfectly. The bartender makes a great dirty martini and my vegan selection was terrific. Ask for Jennifer as your waiter, as she is smart, cheery without being overly familiar, and made very good suggestions for entrees
5	This place is not cheap, and you shouldn't expect it to be. Once you walk into the Wynn or Encore, you should expect to pay some $$$ for anything you want. The warm pretzel sticks with dijon mustard to start is amazing. We even asked them to pack us some to take home, and they did it with a smiling face. I have been to Society a number of different times, and it never disappoints. My most memorable meal here was the Kobe Beef Pastrami Sandwich. It is about $20, but I would gladly pay $22 for it! Do yourself a favor and order this decadent, delicious, heart clogging, savory, buttery, treat when you are there.
3	This is another restaurant that I was positive that I was going to love. Encore is a great property, and the decor in Society looks like how I'd love to decorate my house. It's modern with greens and black damask, and reminds me of going to the Kentucky Derby.I ordered the Society omelet with goat cheese, spinach, and mushrooms. There really wasn't anything wrong with it other than the fact that there was so much goat cheese in there. I love goat cheese. I love any cheese, and I don't think that I've ever in my life said, "Woah, that's too much cheese." I didn't think I had that limit, but apparently I do. There was a ton of goat cheese.The potatoes served with breakfast didn't have much flavor, and the portion size itself was really small for the amount we were paying. And maybe I'm a little cheap because I'm used to places with larger portions and organic ingredients, but $17 for a small omelet was a bit too rich for my tastes. The one thing that was truly fantastic was the Monkey Bread, which was a breakfast roll with cinnamon and pecans. My co-workers were nice enough to leave a bite for me, which I was truly grateful for. I wish I loved it, but I'm going to say it was just A-OK.
4	Had breakfast. One of our better meals in last trip to Vegas. Pricey, but very well done. I had a berry smoothie and short rib hash. Both were excellent. My wife had eggs benidict. Simple but very good. If you are prepared to blow big bucks on a buffet, go here, spend the same amount and have a meal you will remember. Can't wait to get back and try the crab cake eggs bendict.
4	We have been here several times and always look forward to returning for the mojitos. We were disappointed that they had gotten rid of the complementary pretzel bread and mustard (this was one of my favorite things there). Fortunately, they replaced it with equally excellent parmesan bread. Fried mac and cheese bites were ok. Steak and spinach salad was excellent!
5	Went here for breakfast and ordered the Short Rib Hash and Ulitmate Steak & Eggs Sliders for my wife and I to share. The food was phenomal and the BEST breakfast I've ever had! A bit pricey at $20 per plate but absolutely worth it.
3	Pretty expensive but food is not so great , not much flavor in the margarita flatbread . The vegan sandwich combo seemed to be the good, fries and the chocolate milkshake were so good.  Don't know why the
5	I love this cafe, it is nice and the food is really good.Je don't need to make a reservation, you can walk in to.It is in the casino, so you have a nice over look
4	Large portions for the price. I ordered the turkey burger- it was large enough to fill me up without the fries. The service was very fast and friendly, the reason I 4 stars is because the waitress did not tell me the fries were extra even though she asked me if I wanted them? I thought they were included. I would eat there again!
4	Not bad, my friend and I weren't feeling that hungry so we were looking for someplace quick. Walked in and got seated immediately. We decided to split a plate of sliders. The hamburger meat was actually prepared very well and extremely flavorful; it was the perfect quantity of food before our big spa day since no one wants to show off a big belly at the spa! Overall a nice, convenient place to grab a bite to eat before enjoying the entertainment that Vegas has to offer.
3	Atmosphere is nice, food is over priced for the quality. The customer service is really good. Fresh squeezed orange juice.
5	All I can say is...I will NEVER forget my experience at this cafe. I absolutely loved every bite. I will recommend this place to all of my family and friends who visit Las Vegas. LOVED IT!!!
4	This is a pretty good place to get dinner. This was my second time here. It's right next to surrender/xs so it is convenient to go eat here before clubbing or if you're just somewhere inside encore. Last time, I got the pre fix dinner with appetizer, entree, and dessert. The food was good and I remember it being a lot of food so you will be full from that. This time, I just ordered the meatballs from the small bites section of the menu. It comes with 10 bite sized meatballs and several mini sized buns so you can make a mini meatball sandwich if you want. It also comes with a little bit of mashed potatoes and caramelized onions. This was definitely enough to be considered an entree if you weren't really hungry. I also ordered a side of seasonal vegetables. This consisted of broccoli, string beans, and asparagus. The food was good and the service was attentive as well. I also love the decor inside this restaurant.
1	Came with a group of 12 girls and while the server was pleasant, the manager was a douche. We asked if they could arrange to split the bill and he made it seem that it was the biggest hassle. He also said "you are not the only bachelorette party we get here."  He was so incredibly rude. The food was nothing special. There are far better places on the strip. The decor reminds me of a 16 year old's bday party  with its black and pink theme (tacky). Skip it and find a restaurant with a nicer staff and superior food.
3	Before my visit to Society Cafe, I can't say my expectations were too high. The service was attentive, so I can't complain about that in the least. We started with the crab fritters which were tasty, albeit a little fishy. The flavors were definitely enhanced when masked by the dip on the plate. They also served warm pretzels with mustard. The pretzels were good, but I didn't love the mustard and I love mustard usually. I decided to stick with eating these pretzels dry. For our main entree I ordered the ribeye topped with bleu cheese and my fella ordered the shortrib with lobster mashed potatoes. I opted to replace my fries with mixed veggies instead. The steak was good, but I felt that the bleu cheese over powered it quite a bit so I would avoid this addition next time. The shortrib was a little on the dry side and I ended up trading dishes with my fella halfway through since he wasn't loving his meal. The veggies and steak were the winners of this dinner. The mashed potatoes were good but didn't have a lot of lobster or lobster flavor in them.Overall, our meal was very enjoyable but I would likely explore other menu items on our next visit. There are better options for this price point to be found, for sure.
3	-slowish service-great chopped salad-okay burger-yummy pretzels and mustard (which probably made the whole meal worth it)
3	Getting one of the most expensive items on the menu, the $41 16oz Ribeye steak, you would think I should be impressed.  I asked for it to be cooked medium rare but it was closer to medium which wasn't a big deal.  For the price the steak should have been a more tender piece of meat which my friend also thought.  I substituted the fries and got broccoli rabe which was cooked well.The short ribs were definitely on the tender side but where was the lobster in the lobster mashed potatoes?!  Everything else about the meal was good.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive and I did enjoy the atmosphere eating there.  The pretzel bread was pretty good.
4	When I'm in Las Vegas I stay at the Encore, it's kind of turned into my go to place whenever I'm in town. Not only do I love it here as it's a marvelous hotel, but the restaurants are pretty amazing...Society being one of them! It's a really great place to go for breakfast, lunch or dinner (maybe even post pool snack!) The restaurant itself is a bit trendy, large pink couches with marble floors, but has a total casual environment. When you sit they usually bring you pretzel sticks with a Dijon mustard flavored spread while you wait for food (its amazing, I'm a bit obsessed!) From burgers to steaks this place has wonderful food. I ordered the tomato bisque which I usually get as an appetizer and a salad wedge that came with blue cheese, bacon and a range of colorful baby tomatoes. For my entry I ordered a pasta that came with meatballs and shrimp (loving this meat combo :). The service: seriously can be hit or miss... Some days there will be amazing waiters/waitresses & the next day you can get stuck with a extremely rude waiter/waitress. Once a waitress handed me a very hot plate and when I scowled she said "its not THAT hot!" So its really on & off with service. Great location right in the middle of everything and a nice place to go with friends, family or your partner.
5	Very good and pretty! Katie is a great waitress and very helpful  and fast. The Blt was the best my husband has ever had. The pretzel sticks were delicious. My brunch was very good. We got the Cajun Bloody Mary and it was yummy!
2	Came in with a party of 11 around 11PM and did not have a wait. The server was nice but a little slow. It is pretty spacious and open but seemed a little bare inside. I did not really see the value in the price as portions were kind of small.Lobster roll - good! It was creamy and fresh. The bread was toasted with the right amount of butter.Fish & Chips - gross, did not finish this due to lack of flavor and crispiness. The french fries were decent though.Calamari - over-fried and over-breaded. I did not enjoy these very much.Pricy with some okay food and some bad food. I don't plan on coming back with the amount of options there are in Vegas.
5	JUST WOW..... This is for sure one of those spots where you just keep ordering things to see if they have anything bad in the menu,  and we didn't find anything bad for breakfast.  I had the steak and egg sliders, cinnamon doughnuts with dipping sauces, and the huckleberry pancakes (also a dirty Mary, and a bacon Bloody Mary AND WOW WERE THEY BOTH AMAZING).  We were greeted right away, sat down within 2 minutes and had our food in less then 10.  We were treated like we owned the place and received excellent food advise from both the hostess and our waitress upon asking.  Both of their recommendations were about the same and I'm glad we asked.  Nothing short of a perfect way to start our morning.
2	Came here for Happy hour which is 3-5pm M-F. Decor don't match with the colors of EncoreBartender had a snotty azz attitude so after our first round of cocktails we left. Too bad she was showing her bad side because she made good drinks at the same damn time. I will give them the extra star for the good drink
3	Came here for a quick business lunch. The decor is quite chic. I didn't expect anything less since it's located at the Encore hotel. I had the soup and sandwich pair. The corn soup was the best I've ever had, but the sandwich was just a basic sandwich. The presentation of the food was so cute! I enjoyed the portion. It wasn't too much and it wasn't too little. I did feel service was a little slow and it was really pricey for half a sandwich and a cup of soup.
2	We had the bachelorette package where for $60 a person you got a Fruit and Nuts Salad, Mac N Cheese bites with a truffle dipping sauce, Choice of Entree (Pan Roasted Salmon, Roasted Chicken, or Grilled Petit Sirloin, Chocolate Covered Strawberrys, Cinnamon Sugar Donut Bites, and a Glass of Champagne. Not a bad deal, right? Well service was incredibly slow. I'm pretty sure it's because we had the package (which includes tax and gratuity that our server was ignoring us, not firing dishes when he should have been, only bring out 4 of our salads and then leaving the rest in the back... It look like 2 and a half hours to eat, and the portions weren't large so it wasn't because we were taking a long time. Even when we asked for the check for the extra drinks we ordered, it took 15 minutes to get it to us- and there was maybe only 2 or 3 other tables in our section! So we were late getting to XS and then literally got like the last table all the way out in suburbia. Truffle sauce was clearly made with truffle oil and not truffles (bleh) The steak was good except my sisters was severely overcooked, she asked for medium and they gave her well. Good mashed potatoes.
4	My fav place at encore to eat. Better then  the fancy restaurants. Service is great and nice decor.
5	Reserve beforehand if you can! We came here for Mother's Day and booked a spot on OpenTable. Good thing since there was a bit of a line by the time we arrived (which we got to skip.)I ordered the Gold Goddess juice to start (fellas - don't be deterred by the name and embrace your inner Goddess!) The golden beets and oranges made it slightly less freaky looking than the traditional red beets that I'm used to. Plus the taste felt a lot more subtle with the beets instead of screaming BEETS BEETS BEETS.Husband ordered the Bacon Bloody (bakon vodka, mezcal and lime) which came with a strip of bacon. It is a very savory drink and tasted like a cool tomato bacon soup.To dine, he ordered the Ultimate Steak and Egg Sliders. Y-U-M. It was a nice cut of filet mignon steak on top of eggs, topped off with delicious creamed spinach. The order comes with 2 sliders, which was surprisingly satisfying and enough for him to feel full off of.I ordered the monkey bread, which came out a lot larger, warmer and fluffier than I expected. It had a consistency similar to a cinnamon bun and less like the brioche monkey breads I was used to. Nonetheless, I was able to eat almost the entire thing before tapping out.Our entire meal, including tip, came out to about $70. It is a bit pricey, but provided us with a good alternative to the buffets of Vegas. The food quality was definitely top notch and the options felt just right.
1	Mother's Day ruined. very expensive. had to wait 45 minutes for our food. beautiful decor .
1	Mother's Day ruined. very expensive. had to wait 45 minutes for our food. beautiful decor .
3	Expensive but what do you expect from a place at the Wynn. I can't remember what I ordered, but what I do remember were the amazing pretzel sticks!  They were so soft and warm!!!  I would go here just for those!  and thats it. lol
5	Came here around 10:30 on Friday morning for breakfast and were seated promptly. The is a cute little restaurant that makes you feel like you're dining in someone's home, like a mansion type home.Black coffee - coffee here is good, it has a dark roast flavor without the acidity and not the slightest bit of sourness was present. I liked the coffee here.Cappuccino - the espresso was very aromatic, but I just didn't care for the way they foamed the milk here, I don't know if it was because I had a Flat White at sambalatte, but the milk tasted a little flat for some reason. It was still good though.Ultimate Steak and Egg Sliders with a side of potatoes - This was really good and filling. I think it could have used a dash of seasoning; It is a filet, scrambled egg patty, and creamed spinach on a bacon cheese muffin. You don't really taste any of the creamed spinach, I like that the bacon muffin rounds everything out. The filet was tender and the eggs not overcooked. We ordered a side of potatoes. I didn't try it but my mom said it was amazing. She never eats not even half her potatoes and she ate all of it even though she was full. Shortrib hash - I've never had any beef type hashes. This was reminiscent of vietnamese bo kho, without the spices of course. The beef was very tender, although I think it was a fatty cut. Served in a cast iron pan, I couldn't really see the puddle of fat in my dish, but I could feel it in my mouth.  Nonetheless, it was still very flavorful and I would order it again and tell them to go easy on the oil. It comes with potatoes as is typical of hashes, but it was new potatoes style and not hash brown style. It worked well.  I liked dipping my toast in it to sop of all the juices. The bread is toasted with olive oil I think, not butter. I couldn't finish all of the hash, which is rare for me to not clean my plate.Service - was good, nothing special.  Beware they might ask you if you want all sorts of things to add, which I already knew was additional $.  Don't be tempted if you're hungry to say yes to everything, it's very filling even though some of the portions look small.
4	Great place for VEGANS who usually do not get to enjoy breakfast out... we went twice in 2 days for brunch/breakfast and the carnivores of the group enjoyed very large portions and I as a vegan got to enjoy both meals with delicious options. Service is okay, slow on refilling drinks and checking in but the food is superb. Atmosphere is super fun, yet casual/classy, with a nice open concept, very "European" cafe style.
4	I think Society aims to please the female population plus health food fanatics. Things are not overly seasoned so that you can add salt and pepper to taste. Well, it was either that or maybe my taste buds were overloaded with all the different foods I ate throughout the day!My bachlorette weekend consisted of eating, drinking and more eating! One of my MOH made several reservations across town, but we decided to come here because of the decor and vegan options. Now that I think of it, the decor reminds me of something the Kardashians would dig! Very plush, regal and girly. The service was great and the food wasn't terrible. Since we ate a bunch of heavy stuff during the day, I opted for a salad. My friend and I split two different versions1- Steak and Kale. Steak cooked to MR perfection. The only prob with the protein was that it was not very flavorful. The mix of butter lettuce and kale made it a substantial salad though. My only wish was the vinaigrette to have more oomph.2- Citrus Poached Shrimp and Octopus Salad- This salad had more components to it which made it much more interesting. WIth the jicama, fennel, avocado puree, carrots, cucumber, orange lightly tossed in the Fennel-Pink Peppercorn Vinaigrette. Bam! It was my favorite.I got to try a couple of my friend's dish and overall thought they were okay. The filet mignon, lobster potatoes and meatball apps were all (again) lacking some sort of seasoning. Ending on a high note:  The vegan pasta was excellent! Pasta = al dente. Sauce and veggies were tasty without tasting too healthy.All in all, I would like to come again for breakfast or lunch.
4	I've been here for both breakfast and dinner and Society Cafe did not disappoint! Everything was great! Ambiance, food and service were top notch.
4	This place is pretty much perfect! The ambience is elegant and relaxing. Every dish we ordered was delicious. I highly recommend the traditional eggs Benedict and the monkey bread appetizer. Tip: there is a dress code and women can't wear spaghetti strap tank tops-- we learned that lesson the hard way. I had the chopped salad that was very nice. I the balsamic vinaigrette.The service was excellent. This is a very relaxing place for lunch. For my wife it was a five for me it was a 4. And because I down up I give it a 4
4	I went here with the group of friends. We are vegetarian and have lots of vegan options. The food was very good . For the price portions are large and worth it.
5	We had amazing lunch here during our latest stay. Had the tuna for appetizer and it was really special. We got to cook it on a heated rock and we had fun doing it. We alsk hot filet mignon, hot wings, and filet mignon. Everything was great. Service was fantastic!
3	Crab Egg Benedict was bomb diggity. Service was not so much the bomb, but a bomb. The waitress kept forgetting to bring us things, then she'd disappear for minutes on end. She just didn't seem like she was too into her job that day. The place is beautiful though. You really can't go wrong with the Encore/Wynn properties because the concept is so stunning with the black/white/red color scheme. I just wish our service was better.
5	Dinner was great.  The environment was very pleasant.  My favorite was the server who made us totally comfortable while we stayed and stayed.
4	We started with truffle mac and cheese bites which were AWESOME.  The goat cheese salad was good--basic.I thought my salmon and quinoa was a bit bland.  Well-cooked but nothing special.Dessert--chocolate covered strawberries and donuts---both really good.Service was perfect.Drinks were good--I had a Berry Martini which was really good.They also have a house beer (a saison when I was there) that was good and was a cool extra.The ambiance is nice--you can people watch the casino if you sit next to the window.
5	I really loved this restaurant on our first night at The Wynn. We wanted something not too heavy yet trendy and hip, modern food with an exciting menu. We got right in about 730pm for dinner. The decor is paisley and striped; regal and upscale/upbeat. Very 'Wynn--esque'. My mom had a Cosmo to start and my boyfriend a blackberry margarita, that was muddled with fresh berries. I only had a taste of his drink, as I could not drink on this weekend. It was fresh and light. Just what one needs as a pre-dinner cocktail in Las Vegas. I ordered a watermelon/cheese/balsamic salad to start; I wasn't sure I could eat much more. For a 'salad', it was an ample amount. I loved it so much, I'm gonna try and mimic it at home. It was perfect for the taste buds. My boyfriend started with tomato soup; since I'm not really a tomato soup fan, I did not have an opinion, but he raved about it. My mom had a Caesar salad and loved the lightness of it; not heavy on dressing, which seems to be usual on this salad at other places. We split a charcuterie board that was loaded with fresh, sliced baguette ; four cheeses and three meats including a pate and prosciutto and salami. It came with a mustard, orange chutney; olives and pickles. Between us, we were unable to finish it. At $29 for the board, it's well worth it! The menu has a prix fixe option; had we been into a more robust meal, we would have tried it out; it was a steal for 3 courses at $42. Our service was nice and at times, a little slow ; but we enjoy being foodies and not being rushed, so it didn't bother us a bit! It's considered a 2$ sign for The Wynn; a good way to have trendy, hip meal without breaking the rest of the budget.
4	Server was friendly. Decor was nice.Started with the complementary pretzel rolls. Yum! I had chicken noodle soup and berry salad. The soup was very flavorful. My friends had the halibut and said it was great.For dessert we shared the strawberry shortcake donuts. Delicious! We also had The Dream cocktail. Expensive at $22 but I would order again.  I would also return to Society again. Quiet for a casino.
5	Society Cafe is an excellent restaurant; one of my favorites @ Encore! I've only been there for breakfast but have tried a variety of items, all of which were excellent. I'd highly recommend the braised beef short rib hash and the half pound of sizzling pepper bacon. The sliders are also very good, as are the traditional eggs benedict. I've seen some of their lunch and dinner items and they also look like they're very good; I hope to try them on my next visit to the Encore. I'd highly recommend Society Cafe for anyone looking for a good meal in Vegas!
1	This restaurant had the worst food I've ever eaten in Vegas.Not sure if other reviewers of this place are fake or too drunk to properly assess the food here.Sandwiches are awful and taste like cardboard mixed with garbage with mayo on it.Fresh fruit for dessert was the only thing that tasted normal.Fuck!
5	Great service. Cozy seating. The chef comes out to go over any allergies.  When the server asked about allergies my friend mentioned seafood (obviously not in the breakfast items we ordered). It was nice that the chef came out to assure us anyway!  Ordered monkey bread. All the ingredients were enticing.  For sure filling enough for one person as an entree. I left behind a quarter of it as the sweetness was overwhelming.  Still so delicious and I crave it!
3	A little late (!) review, as I went in January this year! But backtracking on some places I haven't reviewed that I went to while in The Vegas. So this was pretty average, nothing special. I had the vegan burger, fries & chocolate shake. The burger was okay, as were the fries. Presentation was cool, and the shake was great. We had a super, super friendly waitress if I remember rightly and we tipped her well, as she made us feel really welcome. Worth a visit if you're a vegan on holiday looking for somewhere without hassle!
3	The food is ok. You won't find anything you will particularly remember fondly, but it is a quick casual and relatively cheaper alternative to everything else at encore. Unlike the food, the decor is actually very interesting and cook
3	Very loud music playing, so not good for a hangover headache. Service is pleasant, but very slow. Food is well prepared and presented. But watch out for the extras, everything is at least $5, and they conveniently do not mention that fact.   Paid $178 for breakfast this morning for 6 of us. No alcoholic drinks just coffee, tea, or juice.
2	Very rarely do I feel so passionately about a business that I review them mere hours after leaving. Let me start by saying the food here was AMAZING. Everyone was very pleased with their meals and portions were fabulous. With that being said, we had some of the worst service ever. We were a party of 12 for a bachelorette dinner and requested a certain table upon making the reservations. We were told that table was unavailable when we arrived, and were sat elsewhere. Ok, no big deal. Then we sat for about 15 minutes before ANYTHING happened. No water, no drink orders, no bread, nothing. Once we placed our drink orders, it was about a half hour before any of them came. In fact, they came AFTER some of the appetizers. Entrees came after awhile also, but no appetizer plates were cleared so there was no room on the table. Some peoples' sides were incorrect, but the food was great so we tried to power through. Everything was SO slow that we were there for over two hours. When we asked to speak to the manager, he couldn't have cared less that we were disappointed. All in all the food was great but we were so surprised that the service was so bad. If our server was new, I understand it. But considering we didn't really have any crazy requests or substitutions or anything it was pretty bad.
5	Such amazing food! The southwest burger was simply divine!! I think the best part about society cafe is it's chic nature, it's refreshing and quite all at once.I was impressed by what you got for what you paid, I'm a very big stickler for quality so it nice to see encore keeping true to the Wynn name! We didn't have any of the cocktails but they all sounded soo good, I'd totally come back for breakfast!
3	The beautiful Wynn and an acceptable spot to grab dinner before Le Reve. Cost versus value ... so-so. The gluten free bread was exceptional and the chef's attention to food allergens was great. The food itself was bland, the bar (with regards to bourbon) was boring and the staff lacked training. Not a bad place but not a "must go" either.
4	I'll start by saying this is the third time I've been here, and it has steadily gotten worse.  We went there for lunch today.  Their afternoon menu is very small and doesn't have much variety.  We each had a bowl of tomato bisque, which was good.  However, it came out before our drinks.  It took 20 minutes to get our drinks from the bar.  They had one bartender working on a holiday weekend, next to the Encore Beach Club.  How do you only have one bartender working?!  Not to mention, they herded everyone into the front of the restaurant, where you could breathe in all the cigarette smoke from the casino (and it was bad today) while you're trying to eat.  The service, besides the slow bar service was average at best.  We're going to eat there for breakfast tomorrow.  If it's not good, it will be my last trip to this place.  the ONLY reason they get three stars is based on the food and the first visit there.  There are much better restaurants in the area.We ate there for breakfast this morning and that's the time to go here!  The menu is incredible!  And it is very, very good.  I hate the Ultimate Steak & Egg Sliders and they were great!  The coffee is good and strong.  They have fresh squeezed juices.  My sister had a veggie omelet, which looked amazing (and she said it was good) and my father had the three egg breakfast which had enough food for two meals.  And the service was spectacular!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for breakfast!
4	I stopped by to have a quick bite to eat at the bar. The bartender was very knowledgeable. The best customer service I have ever had from a bartender. She was quick to greet and the food came out quickly. I give 5 stars to the service/bartender. The food is the only problem I had.
5	Whenever in Vegas we stay at the Encore or Wynn and we always have breakfast here. They never disappoint ! The food and decor are wonderful!! My only complaint is that they don't make the breakfast pizza anymore
4	Went here based on a review touting the fabulous blood orange mimosas.  We were not disappointed!   The wait for breakfast on a Saturday around 10:30 wasn't too bad.  I loved the colors and decor.  Wait staff were pleasant and professional. The blood orange mimosas, made tableside and with a smile and pleasant light conversation, were really really good.  The juice wasn't pulpy and the juice to sparkling wine ratio was perfect. And then we saw the monkey bread on the menu!  Even if you only have one piece during breakfast, order this (and take the rest back to your room to reheat for a late night snack later)!  We shared *and* took leftovers with us.  The consistency and level of sweetness were just perfect. For the main breakfast I had an egg white frittata, and my friend had eggs and bacon and toast.  They were both very good. I would go back here in a heartbeat for breakfast next time I'm in Vegas!
1	Terrible in every way except service. This place is one to avoid. It looks cool, the atmosphere is nice, but the food is AWFUL. Coffee that comes out with a burnt taste should have been the first warning, and it went downhill from there. Steak and egg sliders...... Well basically a small mcmuffin with nasty tasting beef.... $20! Beef short rib hash? Soggy potatoes swimming in grease, flavorless stewed to death beef mixed into it with liberal applications of salt in a desperate attempt by the kitchen to convey some kind of taste. When we complained we were told by the waitress she would get a manager but the only thing that came was the tab..... Sorry she was a sweet enough girl but nothing could be rescued from this train wreck.... No tip. Total $72 for two inedible meals and bad coffee. Still kicking myself for not walking the extra 4 blocks to Hash House. This place should be avoided at all costs.
5	This place is my absolute FAVE, & it blows my mind that people don't see the amazingness. Found this place last year when I visited Vegas, & every time I go back, I always make sure I have reservations there. First of all, the FOOD is phenomenal. I usually get the filet, add a mini crab cake. It never disappoints. Something the chef really knocks out of the park is his salads, specifically the vegan salads (which I add cheese and/or chicken to..) I don't know what magical land he comes from to have these ideas of marrying all these flavors together, but the vegan salads are amazing. The salads are something we always get, usually to share. I was there last weekend & opted out of my filet because I was so intrigued by the Superfood Salad, which was brand new on the menu that day.. I added chicken & Havarti, & haven't shut up about that salad since. I dream of Society's salads, & then try to recreate them. They come out good, but not the same. :)The ambience of this place is really nice, & we've always had great service. They're very catering to customers. I've never been there for breakfast but will be going back for my birthday soon & decided breakfast will also be happening.
5	Really loved this place.  My husband and I decided to eat breakfast here every morning before we started our day.  Suggest eating at the bar if possible.  Great bar tending & wait staff.  Lot's of personality and the food was outstanding.  A bit pricey for those who are expecting the Vegas  'all you can eat buffet', which isn't something I enjoy.  I would much rather have a small plate of amaziness vs a ton of so-so at best smorgasbord gluttony.
4	How convenient is it that ive been craving some spaghetti with meatballs. Unfortunately we couldnt get into the pool party because tix were sold out at the encore. So we decided to do what we do best! Eat! Eat! Eat! I heard good thing about this place from my boyfriend so group of us all went. First of all, i was greatly impressed by the service. I felt like i was at a michelin star restaurant. Very polite and attentive. The spaghetti w meatballs was absolutely mouth watering. Saucy, the noodles were cooked just right, and the meatballs were pretty big!! Safe to say i finished my whole plate. Most people at my table ordered the burgers ( different variations ) but all were very pleased. I totally recommend the mimosas!! :)
5	My wife and I have been here twice. Sea bass is excellent and steak was probably the best I've ever had. Service is excellent. Is the ambiance extra fancy or have an interesting theme? No, but I like that. Definitely a hidden winner. I wouldn't visit Vegas without having a meal here.
5	The breakfast sliders are amazing!  I would go back just for the same next time. The quality and presentation was right on board with what I was expecting.  Place is not crowded like other spots in Vegas.
5	We had brunch here before we checked out of the Encore and everything was top notch from service to food to decor. Rick was our waiter and he was fabulous!! Great attention to detail, professional and courteous. The steak and egg sliders and the monkey bread were standouts. We will definitely return here on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Society Cafe has under gone many changes in the past year. I am pleased  with the recent shifts both to menu and staff. The vibe is welcoming. The turkey burger was so huge I could barely finish it! I love the new steakhouse wooden serving platter.
4	A little pricey- but great decor and bfast. The brisket hash breakfast was very good.
5	Truly exceptional service and the food is amazing!  We had two meals here and they were both incredible.  Highly recommend this!
5	We accidenTally ordered a steak slider from the lunch menu thinking it was the same as breakfast steak and egg slider featured on food network.They were so accomodating and chef made the breakfast slider - no questions and they did it quickly.  They were worth the short wait!!!!We are so happy with the food and Service.
5	I'm staying at the Encore with my dad and neither one of us have huge appetite's nor do we like to eat meat so we decided to try the vegan burger. This has got to be the best deal in the joint at $11 and it's served with fries and a vegan chocolate shake! Delicious and filling, hard to find anything on the Strip for that price. Our waitress Nicole was a real gem too. A Vegas native she was so friendly and delightful we'd come back just to say hi to her. Full of great tips and advice on things to see and do in Vegas. Some things on the menu are pricey (what isn't in Vegas) but a great spot to get a bite when you're fed up with all the overpriced, heavy meals that are the norm in this town.
5	I came here for lunch and had from their prix fixe menu the society chopped salad, chicken club and donuts. The staff was very attentive and since I don't like cinnamon, they offered to substitute for regular doughnuts.The dishes were very fresh and although the choices weren't crazy, Society Cafe Encore provided simple food executed very well.I would definitely recommend this place for lunch in Vegas.
1	We had been to Society 2 years ago and it was excellent, however this was not the case on this visit.  Our steaks were very undercooked and so salty that they were inedible.  We had saved this restaurant for the last night of our trip and were much looking forward to a repeat of our last visit. To say we were disappointed was an understatement. On the good side, the manager was very professional, offering us another steak or different item off the menu. We declined to order anything else and will probably not visit this restaurant again.
5	Another excellent experience for dinner at Society.  The staff is great.  This is a great place for a less expensive choice at the Wynn, Encore
5	Absolutely incredible. We ate the Vegan burger, vegan bread option, and vegan tomato bisque. Service was awesome. Very classy feel with napkins in our lap. Don't get the Fiji water. It's 8.50 a bottle. Lol.
3	We came here for brunch at the suggestion of my friend, D. She'd been here before and raved about it. The food is great, but our server wasn't. For me, the experience is just as important as the food. We made a reservation and were promptly seated even though there was a long line-- much appreciated. We were greeted by the roaming bloody bar (which looked great), but with a night half marathon, drinking wasn't a good idea. Maybe next time!Our server seemed to avoid us. Admittedly, one of my friends is quite particular about things, but she is polite. The food was all really good, but my entree (the Dungeness crab Benedict) was a bit small and the crab cake was the base instead of an English muffin. I wish I'd known that since I needed some carbs for my race! Our server vanished and didn't return until we were done eating (too late for me to get some bread), and I had to ask for a refill of my iced tea. Given the quality of the food and the fact that D had a previous experience that was better, I'd give it another try, but this experience wasn't so fab.
3	3.5 stars total. Used a comp that covered most of the bill. In relation to pricing, the food is a bit pricey for what it is, even at the Wynn/Encore. I would not pay $90 out of pocket for this lunch for two. I actually think there's better value elsewhere on the properties. The pricing structure definitely caters to gamblers and tourists. I think naming the place Cafe is a bit misleading as it is equivalent to an upscale sit down restaurant, but gives the impression that it is a place to drop by for something quick and cheap. Food: 3.5 stars. The $17 trio appetizer, a happy hour special, included meatballs, cheese balls, and calamari. This was the best part of the meal; 5 stars for that. Small servings (appears larger in pic) but they were all delicious and top notch quality. Really good cheese and meatballs! Spaghetti with meatballs for $26. In the end it's still spaghetti. Nothing special here. 2.5 stars. Turkey burger with fries: $22. Good quality but the seasoning was kind of odd and didn't really blend well. A bit sweet. 3 stars as it wasn't really anything special. I think Fuddruckers is a lot better and quite cheaper. Good fries, and they were presented in a metal holder, which seemed to keep them piping hot and well insulated for awhile. Really cool feature. 4 stars. Iced tea: good stuff, and is pretty much top notch everywhere on the properties. $4.50. Standard; 5 stars.XXXL chocolate cake for dessert. This actually had the most value out of the whole meal. A HUGE piece of cake for $12. Good quality and not too sweet. It's roughly equivalent to 3 single pieces at your local family restaurant. So basically $4/slice, and superior quality, which outranks most restaurants. 5 stars.Service: Really mixed. The hostess was friendly and beautiful and did her job very well (even placed the napkin on the lap). Fine dining service; 5 stars. I don't recommend going there around 4PM on Sunday as I got a weird vibe from the waitress. Also felt a bit rushed in more than one occasion. The place was relatively empty compared to other places with NFL on, so there was no good reason for that type of service. 2 stars for her. The servers however were really well-mannered, humorous, and professional. I was also asked if I had any specific food allergens (this actually should be required at all restaurants, but it's more of an exception than the norm). Very courteous. 5 stars for them! Maybe go there 2-3PM as I think the waitress started her shift a little later. Not sure what to combine the rating at as it would be unfair, but everything minus the waitress was definitely 5 stars. Other than that, the food might be worth it at half price. It's a decent place to redeem comps or stop by during happy hour.
4	Amazing service and amazing burgers! I'm turnt and I'm saying that. That's saying something
1	Came here for a quick bite before we hit the club. Had a horrible experience with the waiter Joshua. I had a question bout the "build your own burger" which was priced at $19 (exceptionally high priced for a burger). I asked how many toppings come with this price? He replied with "as many as you want, don't worry I got you." Exact words. Then he starts "selling" me on the toppings even telling me he can add an extra patty. Nowhere did he mention the extra costs each topping came with. Me thinking all the toppings were already included in the ridiculous price presumed to top off my burger with 5 additives (egg, cheese, mushroom, avocado, and extra patty).Got my burger and it was delicious. Idk if I was buzzed or just starving but it was BOMB. Joshua had the audacity to ask "how it tasted?" And me being the fool that I am gave him two thumbs up while stuffing my face.When I got the check the burger came out to  $31. First off all no burger is every worth $31 IDC unless there's some magical ingredients In there they are tripping if they gonna charge that.I then went to question my waiter bout the situation. This is when he goes to tell me that toppings cost extra. I'm just saying if I was a waiter I would have said something sooner especially when someone orders 5 different f***en toppings. He then cuts me off and gets his manager.By now I'm heated. This dude just gave me some attitude. Making me and my friends wait. His manager comes out and I explain the situation to him. He then goes off to tell me to "lower my voice". Now I'm really ticked. I start talking even louder. Dropping an f word here and there. He said it's unfortunate this happened and that I will only need to pay for the extra patty the other toppings are on the house. That the patty was $8. $8 for a patty... So feeling bad im wasting my homies time I obliged and paid. In the end I will never come back again. No matter how drunk or desperate I am. Personally don't like surprises on my check. Enough to make me not want to come back. Burger was amazing THO but not worth the $27. To End on a positive note the pretzel stick bread they give out with the little sauce on the side are BOMB af. If I do come back THATS prolly the only thing ima eat.
5	Delicious food. Has low calorie options which is nice. Deserts were amazing (saved all those calories on dinner). Have had breakfast here twice and dinner once. Great every time!
3	Initially, the bread with butter was simply delicious.The unique problem was the service, it was too slow.We went there just to eat some salads, and it was ok.The beer I asked they didn't have, so I had to ask for another one.It was ok.
4	We came for lunch. The service was ok - the food was prettty good. The ahi on the salt stone was great. The meatballs were ok. The steak salad was good - the steak was a little over cooked for me, but that does not take much. My man friend had the sliders that were really good! We had the sweet dessert thing (it was a taster) - the presentation was great, I was not a huge fan of the pb&j donuts, but I have had worse.If you are staying at the Encore or the Wynn and don't feel like leaving - it is not a bad option. I would not order a normal drink there, as they were small and expensive, but their custom drinks looked pretty good. I also noticed there was a bloody mary bar, which looked fun, but I didn't try it.
3	About an hour wait just to get seated. Our waitress (I think her name was Lori) was just not on top of things. Took her about 10 mins just to come and get our drink order, some of the drinks came, some didn't, had to ask or sugar and half and half for our coffee which should would reply "I only have 2 hands!!!", ordered the berry bowl but asked for it to come first before the food, these are premade and still took them about half an hour to bring mins before our food. Not great service or food.
4	This is one of the more surprising casual places to eat inside of casino.  Maybe it's not *too* surprising given the high standards of the Wynn properties (even the Sugar and Spice cafe near the east exit of the Wynn isn't half bad) but the quality of the food at Society always surprises me; I'm always expecting to be underwhelmed and overcharged, and instead it's always pretty tasty!From the outside it doesn't look light this place is going to delight you.  While the design of the space is considered and clever as one would come to expect from the property something about it suggests the food offerings are not going to be the same - I can't really put my finger on it.  There's rarely a wait going into the restaurant which is always a plus.My concerns went away immediately when I picked up the menu and saw "Bloody Mary Bar".  SOLD.  They have six different versions of the the world's most complex cocktail include bacon, cajun and VERDE?  I once had a tomatillo-based Mary at the W in Ft. Lauderdale that was delicious so the Verde was a must try.  Unfortunately, instead of a tangy green sauce extravaganza I was expecting the Verde Mary was more like an extremely spicy, slightly bitter cucumber water, and I couldn't get that taste out of my mouth fast enough.  Fortunately all of the other Marys were delicious (especially the bacon one!) and quickly erased the memory of that unfortunate bastardization.  All of the drinks were prepared table side by a pleasant dude which was a nice touch.I'm kind of a sucker for vegan food (I was a vegetarian for several years) so I always try vegan options at the Wynn (every restaurant has them because Steve Wynn went vegan a few years ago and therefor demanded that all of his properties support his lifestyle).  I had the vegan burger which was kind of midway in overall tastiness between say, Morning Star patties at your local supermarket and the Flavor and Visual Explosion that is the Oklahoma Cheeseburger at Native Foods - not bad at all but I don't think I would convince any cow-eating carnivore to convert to the Dark Side with this facsimile of classic Americana.  Much more delicious was the salad-like preparation of the lobster roll (super decadent!) and the very tasty calamari.  Also, the bread they provide you are little pretzel rolls with mustard, also known as one of my favorite tastes ever - maybe they sensed I was coming and wanted to start the meal with a good impression.I've been here a few times and I think I'll back again.  Unless you're staying at the Encore you kind of have to work to eat here because it's literally at the very back of the casino which is pretty much at the very back of anything interesting on the Strip.  But, I think you will be pleasantly surprised (unless you get the Verde Mary in which case hey man, I warned you!)
