4	Some of the tastiest Persian food I've ever had and you will ever probably have in the valley.  Order the "kash-ke-badam-jon" (or something to that effect) for an appetizer and you'll be pretty close to ethnic food heaven.  Their kebab plates are divine... make sure to substitute the dill rice.  Another bonus is the homemade pita... delicious!  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of inconsistency --- been there about 10 times and probably half of those times there was spotty service or a minor food-related issue.  If they're on the night you go you're in for a real treat!
4	The Persian Room is a big surprise the first time you go...I was expecting a hole in the wall - I am not sure why, but I was - instead, it is a very nice restaurant that is worthy of a business meal or a big date.The food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive. The portions are also quite generous. When my wife and I go, we either share one entree or we bring home some food.Be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent. The chicken kabobs are tender and juciy...but my favorite is the lamb.
4	Group of friends threw me a birthday party here.  I had a pretty satifying experience. The food was the typical Persian food that you find in the US. Not authentic but close enough. I can't compare it to the Persian food that I've eaten in Tehran but it was pretty good. I tried the skewered lamb though I'm not sure what it was named on the menu - probably the Soltani something I think. The staff was friendly, we all had fun and I'd probably come here again.
4	If you haven't been here drop everything and go.  Great food at a reasonable price!  Plates big enough to share or have the next day
3	I guess I'm not an expert on Persian food, but I really enjoy eating at the Persian Room!  The atmosphere is great, the food is excellent and the portions are incredibly huge.  I don't remember the names of the dishes, but the Koobideh is one of my favorites - it's ground beef with onions and herbs mixed in.  Very, very tasty and not too expensive.If I have any complaints it's the unevenness of the wait staff.  Some of the waiters/waitresses are fantastic, but a number of them are kind of surly and unpleasant.  However, we've always received our food in a timely manner and haven't ever had any serious issues.There's rarely a wait which is a huge plus on Friday or Saturday night in North Scottsdale.
5	Their Koobideh Kebab is world class!!! I have eaten Middle Eastern food all over North America ... food + atmoshere ... this place is tops!!!Hint #1: if you're with a group ... order some platters and ask for it to be served "family style" ... than, watch your guests eyes light up when they see the enormous sized plates that arrive at your table.Hint #2: I tipped the pita maker once to make me a heart shaped pita for my wife .... she was floored!!!
4	The Chicken and Gyro meet are great
5	If you haven't tried Persian food YOU MUST COME HERE. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, and I always take out-of-town guests here (and they always love it). No offense to Brian, but I don't really think it's fair to compare Persian Room to Indian food  (although I agree Tandoori Times is great for Indian cuisine). Persian food has very different flavors and its even very different from food in Arab countries. I love their stews, some of which have dried black lemons in them, which give a great, earthy, sour flavor. Try the rice with the barberries -- it's really good. Although, if you go with a group, make sure to get their appetizer platter. They hummus and eggplant mixture is AMAZING, as is their fresh bread which they serve with butter and fresh mint.If you're adventurous, try the chicken fessenjaan, which is made with a pomegranate walnut sauce -- it's a very unique flavor.As a side note, Persian Room catered my wedding this past fall. It was such a bargain, compared with other caterers, and the food was absolutely delicious, from the beef to the chicken to the veggie stew and salad. Everyone loved it.
4	Our 1st time dining here last night. The decor has a nice feel to it. The staff were warm and welcoming, and there was no wait (even on a Friday night).The portions here are truly humongous. Two people could easily split an entree and still be stuffed. Started with the Hummus which was perfection, then managed to order about 20 pounds of chicken, beef, rice, and salad. Everything was well prepared and tasty. Our waitress had a great sense of humor too. Pricing is fair and would be a real bargain if you split a plate.We will be sure to re-visit The Persian Room soon.(I had driven by here about 100 times and I am proud to say I finally made it!)
4	After hearing all the hype about the Persian Room, I decided to check it out with a friend of mine. Or rather, he suggested checking it out, and I graciously abided, seeing that I never pass up any opportunities for new culinary endeavors.I was definitely pleased with the ambience of the Persian Room. Unfortunately, I didn't dress as appropriately as I would have liked, but contrary to popular belief, I didn't feel as out of place as I initially assumed I would. The drinks were wonderful, the appetizer (eggplant hummous) was wonderful, and the actual main entree lived up to standards. I had the chicken filet kebab, and it made me tingle from the top of my head to my toes. I loved it. I am, by no means, an expert on Persian food. I am sure that there are cities, such as Los Angeles, that have numerous Persian restaurants that provide wonderful food. However, I think this place is wonderful. The service was quick, and our waitress was so friendly and warm. I loved my experience, and I definitely will check out the Persian Room again...and again...and again. I'm sure I will frequent it so often, they will want me to leave.
3	The Persian Room serves a standard middle eastern food menu, in a nice, upscale setting.   That being said, I have had better food at fast food joints (Pita-whatever) in Chicago.  The best thing about this place is probably the decor.  It makes for a nice place to take someone you are trying to impress.   However, the food is not spectacular.  I had the beef kabob plate, which I found to be a little overcooked (too long, over too low heat).  My friend's chicken kabob was well prepared, but nothing spectacular.   The portions were generous, and we could have easily gotten by with just one entree.  The hummus w/ eggplant was very good as an appetizer.Overall, a nice setting for a restaurant and decent food, however you can probably find better middle-eastern food at 1/2 the price.
4	The Persian Room is quite opulent.  The food seems a little out of place in these surroundings.  We went with a party of 8 and had very nice and attentive service.  The food, while not the best I have had (I've probably been spoiled having lived in DC for so long) was decent.   I had leftovers that I wouldn't mind eating the next day.
3	Last night I met an old friend of mine for dinner at the Persian Room in Scottsdale on her recommendation.  Aside from the horrible traffic on Scottsdale Road, the restaurant is easy to find and seems to have plenty of parking.The restaurant itself is nice but very westernized from the etched-glass entry doors to the Vegas-interpreted Persian decor.  I was actually hoping for something with a little more authentic feel to it, but hey, I was in Scottsdale.  It was not busy at all and we were seated immediately.  Our waiter was at the table within seconds to take drink orders and recommend some appetizers.  Shortly afterward we had our drinks and a basket of flat bread served with butter, onion and fresh basil.We started off with their appetizer platter which included dolmeh, homous and eggplant, yogurt and cucumber dip and torshi.  Typical Mediterranean fair except for the torshi, which is like a vegetable relish in wine vinegar and actually very tasty.The menu is not extensive, but there are some classics here that they do well and everything is served in huge portions.  We made our order and the food was served shortly afterward.  I ordered the Lamb Shank which was ok...I've had better.  It was not as tender as I had expected but it tasted good and the dill and lima bean rice served with it was also a nice complement.  My friend had ordered the Zereshk Polo with Chicken which is seasoned roast chicken served with the traditional Basmati rice with barberries and saffron.  I got to try a bite and was impressed with the mix of flavors and the tenderness of the chicken.We followed everything up with their Persian Ice Cream dessert.  I enjoyed this immensely.  The texture was smooth, creamy and slightly elastic.  It was seasoned with crushed pistachios and saffron which provided a wonderful compliment to the vanilla base.All in all, it was a good experience but not so much that I feel I have to make it a regular dinner destination.
5	the service here was great... expesaly when the table caught on fire...they where quite helpfull...everything was great... there was that cucumber thingy... and the ice cream thingy... and the portions where huge... and good wine selection... grrr why I need a course in Persise cause I can't remember the name of anything I had... but I remember the fire...
5	I have been here several times, and I'm from Southern California.  The only time we're in the area is for work.  I travel with about 5 Iranian coworkers (I'm Iranian as well) and this is one of the best Persian restaurants we've ever been to.  Who knew we'd have to go all the way to Scottsdale for amazing Persian food? The atmosphere is very elegant and the service is very friendly, even for a large group.
4	Not sure why it took me so long to try Persian Room...I've been hearing about it and driving by it since my move to AZ almost four years ago.  And I like Persian food.  But for whatever reason, I didn't pop my Persian Room cherry until just the other night!My aunt was actually the one who chose to eat at Persian Room.  It was a Saturday night, and our party consisted of six - four ladies, me, and my brother.  We had some drinks and appetizers at home before we went, so we decided to order family style and share.  Wise decision...Luciano was our server and provided us with excellent service along with the rest of the staff.  We ordered a (#10) Persian Appetizer platter to start, and it was perfect for sharing... it had hummus, eggplant dip, grape leaves, and a yogurt cucumber dip too.  We used the warm fresh bread to scoop it all up along with the fresh onions and Persian spices that were on the table too.  This could've been a meal in itself, it was all so tasty!Next, we shared a #20 - Chicken Kebab plate, a #36 - Vegetarian Stew (which had okra and eggplant and tons of other veggies that I like), and a #28 - Sultani mixed meat platter.  We requested 1/2 rice and 1/2 greek salads with the platters.This was just enough food for our group, although everything was delicious that had we ordered more, we would've kept eating for sure... instead, Luciano brought us out a couple of desserts (baklava and Persian ice cream) to share.  Mmmmmm - both were pretty fantastic!Total bill for all of the above + three glasses of wine was just over $100... not so bad.  I enjoyed my meal and I'm sure I will not wait another few years to return.  As a matter of fact, I'd be game to return in the next few weeks.  Great place for a family style meal + quick and attentive service.  See you again soon, Luciano!
4	My friends and I recently started a toor of restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Our first experience was at the Persian Room and it was a great one. I will be back with out question.Everything we ate was healthy, filling and delicious.  The eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good.  We did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream.  It was a perfect top to a very good meal!We were very happy with our choice, and would recomend it to anyone.
5	Love this place! Someone comes in from out of town - I take them to the Persian Room. It's your birthday? Let's go to the Persian RoomGraduation - Holiday party - bad day... you get the idea.People think you have to dress up, but I've seen it all from fancy dresses to laid back shorts (I'm in the shorts!)I suggest the chicken filet kabob, hummus with the pita bread - just my opinion.
4	I went to this restaurant for my B-day last week for starters I ordered the humus it is was very good...maybe the best that I have tasted....I ordered the beef kabob it was really good but I liked the chicken a lot better. They give you large helpings of food. This place is really good...I agree with another review this is good for special occasions. I am new to Persian food and was a little confused with the pita...basil...onion and butter platter and our server did not do a very good job explaining. Loved the bread I will go back to this restaurant.
5	I love food and people who know me can confirm that. But what I like is really great food when it comes to Persian dishes. I have been to Persian Room about a 20 times in past 10 years. I used to go to it when it was a hole in the wall with a different name (forgot the old name). I now compare all the Persian restaurants to this one. Their food is even better than most Persian restaurants in Iran. As I recall the owner was very picky about his dish and would not allow you to order your food rare or well done. He cooked it the way it was intended to be cooked. They have great decor (and building), wonderful service and awesome food. I have tried most everything on their menu and I don't know of anything that I didn't love. Every Persian restaurant should be measured against Persian Room. I moved to Seattle several years ago, but every time I go to Scottsdale, I make sure to visit Persian Room. My sweet sweet Persian Room. I wish you were closer. Hey (Persian Room owner dude), why don't you come to Seattle and open a restaurant. Your only competition will be Caspian Grill, but you can get way ahead of them if you have a nice decor and bring all your great foods and keep the prices the same as in Scottsdale. Open a place in Newcastle, WA. Pleeeeease (with sugar all over it). Well, that should explain how much I like Persian Room
4	This place is nice! It's beautiful inside - it would be a nice place to take a date / significant other (they can also accommodate large groups). They have this grand staircase that leads up to a bar - a hazard for someone like me but I'm not imagining I'm the norm. The food is delicious. You start with bread at the table with fresh basil, onion and butter. I ordered the dolmehs as an addition to the bread and I was a little disappointed in them but they were definitely edible. They have many kebab options on the menu for every meat or non-meat taste. I decided to try the Chicken Shish which was served with rice and a grilled tomato. The food was delicious and abundant. But why stop at dinner? We had to try the Persian ice cream. I can't stress how delicious this ice cream was - it had pistachios in it. The pineapple mojito wasn't bad either, so good.I would definitely recommend this place. Especially, if you're looking for a good place to have dinner and/or are staying at one of the nearby hotels.
4	Love, Love, LOVE the zereshk pollo! I'm not very knowledgeable about Persian dishes, but the saffron rice with barberries (zereshk) is an incredible combination of flavors. The portions are much larger than they appear in the pictures on the menu... the plates are enormous. Be prepared for leftovers.
4	I finally went back to the Persian Room after moving back here from Australia. My family used to make me jealous talking about the Persian Room when I was on the other side of the world. I had my usual this time around. I loveeeee Ghormeh Sabzi with Tah Dig. Yummmy. I order the Beef Barg as my entree. It a super tender fillet. It was almost as good as I remembered. My only complaint is that we sat upstairs when no one else was there so the service or lack thereof was not good. I love Persian food so I must try Pars next!
4	Ordered the lunch Barg, let me tell you, this should not be lunch, more like lunch and diner.  The portion was plenty big and could have been easily shared with another.  I was very happy with it.  The flavor and taste is what I expected from center cuts of filet Mignon, skewered, marinated and broiled.  I went with a group of 6 and we opted to get the Persian Room Appetizer, again, a mistake on my part, the appetizer was perfect for 6, not totally unnecessary with the portions that we had.  The service was as expected from an up-scale type restaurant and would be great for taking the high-end clients to for celebrating a big success.
4	I'm not sure why most Middle Eastern people are skinny but this place serves a mountain full of good quality, flavor full heaps of heavenly meal. I personally like the Barg tandem with shrimp and scallops. and yes I can eat all of it. BTW I'm barely pushing 150 LB. something about their basmati rice i cant quite put together, for some odd reason i can eat twice as much of these than a normal average rice. Anybody has an idea?
4	Been visiting the restaurant for the last few years everytime we go to the area. The food has improved the last couple of times we been there.At one point we decide not to go there any more because the food was not the best for the price and the enviroment that they were trying to present.They have improved the quality of their food and we will be going there next time we are in the area.
4	I enjoy good Persian food. This place is good.  Cherry Rice misses the mark, but everything else is tasty. Very affordable too.
3	Place wasn't as 'stuffy' as I feared (I envisioned red velvet and gold tones everywhere, for some reason!), and the dining area was pleasant. Service was good without being over-bearing (the waiters seem professional, not high-school kids bugging you every 2 minutes asking you if everything is ok).  I had the lamb; it was tender, but somehow lacking in flavor.  Next time I'll try the cornish game hen, that sounds fantastic.  Funnily enough, I found the rice 'overpowering' - too much 'stuff' in it; I like my rice to be a bland counterpoint to the other strong flavors, but in this case the rice had more flavor(s) than the lamb!  The location is a bit strange, but I'm getting used to that in Scottsdale - fine dining in the shadow of a hotel parking lot ... I'll review again after I try the chicken, and hopefully bump up the rating!
4	I thought this place was awesome for a date night... SO the guy takes me here to 'switch it up', as he put it:-) I loved the decor... the atmosphere.. the arabic music.. A very good wine list... Loved the Chicken Shish.. and my date had the Lamb Shanks.. the pita is very yummy too:) Everything was great.. attentive service!
2	Very expensive and just ok.
4	This place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere.The food is phenomenal. Starting with the pitas, hummus, main course, and Turkish coffee, everything was top-notch and far exceeding anything I've had from this genre of food. I'm not a lamb person but the chicken and beef were terrific.A group of us went for lunch on a weekday and the lunch menu portions were large. I could easily have shared with someone. The service was slow -- it looked like they had two waiters covering the whole place. If you're in a hurry at lunch this might not be an ideal place. But, if you have time to loosen your belt and enjoy the atmosphere, check it out.
5	If you can get past the golden curtain rods, wall to wall marble and abundant chandeliers....hey no one said Persians were ever known for their decorating(!)...the food is delicious!  Very authentic - I want my koobideh with a raw onion and basil - and this is how it is served.  The food is what it is about and the food here delivers.  The bagoli pollo is by far my favorite and is closely comprable to my grandmothers - but of course, Aziz's is always the best. :)  Seriously go - and if you have never had Persian food - you will not be disappointed.
4	The food at Persian Room is top-notch, and the naan is to die for, but the service is a bit odd. It may have just been our server, who hovered over the table and touched me a bit too much.My family of eight individually ordered six different kabob dishes, and the server took it upon himself to present the meals in a "family style" setting. All the kabobs were on one plate, and the rice came in two platters.It's hard to track if you're getting the right amount of kabobs, and someone who ordered sultani may be getting screwed out of his ratio of barg to koobideh, or maybe a chicken eater doesn't want the juice of red meat on her chicken barg. You get the idea.If you want to serve it family style, please ask first.Also, we luckily checked our receipt and noticed we were incorrectly charged for an extra tea and an extra glass of merlot. Upon being informed of the mistake, the server quickly removed it from our bill.Expect to pay about $30 a person for appetizers and entrees.
4	Great food, great atmosphere and one of the classiest Persian restaurants you will see. Being from California where there are a lot of Persian restaurants the food prices are a little high compared to Cali. But its a great place to dine at for any occasion.
3	I was in Scottsdale with friends and family....starvinngggg.We hadn't seen eachother for a long time so we decided to enjoy a fancy dinner.The service here is amazing. Friendly, helpful, very attentive.Minus two stars because I've definitely had better Persian food. But the experience itself is worth going. It's the classiest Persian restaurant I have been to.
4	I am a big fan of ethnic foods! This place had great good, It was easy to be seated without a wait. For a first time try one of the platters that offer a little taste of the different dishes. My favorite was the beef stew style dish, I am unsure what their name for it was but the meat  was very tender with lots of flavor! YUM!
4	Yum, yum in my tum!Very cool to find authentic and yummy Iranian food in Arizona. My family noshed on it enjoyably.Rich black tea, chewy homemade pita served with fresh basil, onions and butter. The butter was kind of odd--a concession to Americans?-- Usually you find feta.Anyway the zhresck pulo (rice with saffron and sour barberries) was tangy and sweet, tasty witht the chicken kubideh kabob (zesty herby ground chicken kabob). We also had the beef kubideh,and classic chicken and beef kabobs, served with buttery basmati rice.Also good was the Kashk Bademjan appetizer, a savory dip made with roasted eggplant, garlic, mint and yogurt whey, (really it's creamy and good) tasty with the pita.Better than Reza in Chicago, equal to other persian food I've had, but great to find authentic ethnic food in glitzy Scottsdale.There was a group of women near us, and they let their young kids play and wander around  near their table as they chit-chatted--a slight nuisance, but nothing too detracting. Service was slowish but attentive, but the place was packed. Enjoyable nonetheless.
4	I have been to Persian Room several times and every time I leave happy and full and even better with leftovers.  I had the Chicken Sultani with the loobia polo rice upgrade.  I usually do the Beef Sultani but just changed it up.  It was very good and with the lunch entree it is the same size and a few dollars cheaper.  For Persian food in Phoenix this is the best place I have been to.
5	Being Persian, I will already state I am bias. But the Persian room really does stand by itself when it comes to Persian food in the Valley of the sun. Some of the best Kabob and dishes you will find this side of Tehran. I highly recommend this place if you are into Persian Cusine. The cast and crew are awesome: and the owner Nassar makes you feel at home!
5	The food was very good, the waitress was great, and we enjoyed the environment.  We ordered a couple of lamb dishes, a steak kebabs, and a chicken dish.   Everything was very good.....and we loved the Persian ice cream.  All portions are very large...big enough to bring home leftovers for at least a 2nd meal.
5	Excellent waitress, tasty food! The Eggplant Hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful. The only complaint would be how long the hostess took to seat us. She answered phones for a good ten minutes before even saying hello! She stopped to help a few men first so me and my friend were confused. It wasn't busy so once she sat us our waitress was awesome. The food was delicious and the Naan as well. I'll definitely go again!
4	Oh my goodness... the food here is SOOOO good! If you like lots and lots of meat, this is the place for you. We had the persian room special(serves 2) and it came with a chicken filet (A+), Borg (filet mignon) (A-/B+) and koobideh (B). It also came with a giant plate of delicious basmati rice. There was so much food that we our leftovers provided us with about 4 more meals, which we were really excited about.  The service is great, the waitor we had made great recommendations. They also have some very tasty fruity (but decievingly strong) drinks. We also had the persian ice cream for dessert and it was great!The only reason I held back one star is because it's really expensive.  That being said, you get TONS of food, mostly meat and not a lot of cheap filler items.  Also, The atmosphere is a bit weird... its gaudy but kind of funny and for some reason it works.  We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which is what brought us there, and that made the price very reasonable. Grab one of those certificates and give it a try! We had a lot of fun eating here!
5	Always consistently good with terrific service.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order.
5	High end and authentic is all I can think of in regards to the Persian Room.The ambiance is just spectacular for a weeknight dinner with friends, or even for couples.All the appetizers are definitely worth trying, and the staff seems like is always wating to refill your drinks and the delicious pita bread to no end!The entrees are amazing. The lunch portions are huge with rice and salad, and the dinner portions even bigger! I've eaten at a lot of places, but I can never seem to finish my entree! Ah well, that just means I can enjoy more at home =)The price is a bit higher, but it's to be expected if you want to dine on food with class.
4	Great persian food.  Bread is homemade in fron of you.  Portions are huge, my wife and I always share.  We have been here at least 12 times and food and service are always outstanding.  Food is always great.  We usually have the combo dish (filet and kofta) with rice.  This is plenty for 2 people.  Also, their chicken is amazing.  Never dry and always well marinated.  The lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town.
4	I would have to say my first encounter with Persian cuisine was a success and satisfying, but this great feast would have not been possible without a few handful of other foodie friends.  We met up to help kick-off a special occasion.For starters, we had this interesting blend of hummus and sauteed eggplant accompanied by these soft flour tortilla-like bread used for dipping.  For the entree, I ordered this basic meat dish called the Naderi Sultani which consist of chicken tenders on skewers, marinated filet mignon, and Koobideh (ground beef that had been prepared like a sausage link without the clear casing).  All of that came with a generous pile of non-sticky, very long grain rice that I personally have never seen before.  Due to it's soft and light texture, forking into it was effortless.  The flavor was slightly enhanced by this buttery, oily drizzle.  This particular dish is easily 2 persons serving!While I managed to finish half of my dish, I had to sample some of my friends' entrees, the specially, seasoned baked chicken and stewed lamb shank.  Both were really tender and flavorful and had that pulled from the bone goodness.  A key note to take in is that most, if not all, of the dishes come with some kind of rice, preparation may vary from dish to dish.Dessert was not an option after all of that meat and rice!  If I ever make my way back, I would definitely order less.  A good suggestion is to order 1 plate less the number of people in your party.  Depending on the dish, the proportion can be a bit overwhelming, some is 2, 1.5, or 1 person serving.Our server was attentive to our needs and kindly clarified on our questionable dishes.  When entering the main lobby area, you are immediately confronted by a long, beautiful stairway that leads to the top of the restaurant, which is their "private" section where we sat.  The decor is elegant Arabic with some Ancient artwork near the top of the ceiling where it's best viewed in the private area.  One could even describe it as a place where Aladdin and Princess Jasmine would dine at.Overall, if you like steak and potatoes, your going to like Arabic meat and rice.  While it does have its unique and distinct flavors, "normal" taste buds will not have too much of a fuss here.
5	The Persian Room is excellent in all aspects.  The food is incredibly delicious, flavorful, and authentic.  The atmosphere is a little upscale, but you'll be just fine in a collared shirt and slacks.  As someone else mentioned, they make the pita bread in-house and it is absolute perfection.  This is one of the few places I happily spend more than $10 per person!Im a cheapskate, and I LOVE the Persian Room.I would recommend this for a first date, an anniversary, or just a nice dinner.
5	If you want to go to a place that serves you more delicious food than you can possibly eat, try the Persian Room. It's the best I've ever had!Debbie H
3	Good vegetarian food. The pitas were fresh made and the vegetarian kabab was good. Decent service.
4	This is an excellent restaurant if you want fancy persian food. I guess I should have known from the location, but this place is very posh. I'm not usually a fan of restaurants like this, but I was pleasantly surprised.Now, let me start off by saying that I wasn't very ecstatic about visiting this place simply due to the fact that I knew it'd be pricey. My good friend ended up paying for the dinner, so I was definitely a little bit less critical. If you have a special occasion, and need persian food, then this is the place to go. The atmosphere is great and very high-end. The food is great, but the pricing...we'll get to that later.Service is excellent as you would expect for such a great atmosphere. Like I said, this is a very high-end persian restaurant. The staff is friendly, and the waiters are very attentive. I really don't remember one bad thing about the staff at all. 5-star experience here.Food is excellent as well. My two friends and I shared a kabob platter that came with chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. They were all very perfectly cooked and extremely tender and juicy. We got burberry rice to go along with it, and while at first it was delicious, I think it just came with too much rice. They make their own naan, or whatever Persians call their bread. To me, this is worthy enough for a visit. There are very few places in Phoenix that make their own naan, especially Arab/Greek/Med places.Dessert? Yeah, again, I was skeptical about the pistachio ice cream, but my friend ended up ordering it anyways (he's a regular at this place). Again, WOW. The ice cream was served in chilled cups, and it was just amazing. You could tell it was homemade ice cream, and the pistachio flavoring was just sublime. If you come here for a special occasion, and you have a significant other, you will score well if you order the ice cream. The texture of the ice cream was just perfect.So why did I give this place a 4-star? I feel that if my friend paid $80 for food for the three of us that he should have taken a significant portion home. He took the leftover rice, and maybe 3 bites of kabobs. The pricing would be great if you got a little bit more food. Of course, you can argue quality over quantity, but I doubt they'd be losing money if they threw just a little bit more meat into their $45 meat sampler/platter. If you want to try something new for your significant other, or a special party or something then come here. Don't be upset though if your wallet is hurting afterwards.I'm really torn about this place, and I want to give this place a 5-star (the food totally deserves it), but I just don't think I can ever go back, unless Obama gives me a stimulus package for my hunger.
5	Excellent food, love the Onion and hot bread with butter they bring out, i usually dip it in hummus...usually i order the Barg Which is really tender filet Mignon- this plate alone can feed 2 people..nice decor and great service.
2	Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
5	Browsing Scottsdale road for a place to eat, we considered Maggiano's, Sapporo's and even going back down to The Lodge - but we passed this place and dove in to take a look at their menu.It turned out to be quite a delightful dinner - we had been craving Mediterranean food for a few hours and this satisfied both the vegetarian and the meat eater in me.  We had the appetizer sampler (this is a lot of food - and a wonderful way to sample a few different treats) and she had a side of sauteed veggies while i indulged in the filet mignon kabob.The service was fantastic, the food was some of best we've had and I can recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something different or if you know what you like in Med food...
5	Finally someone in Scottsdale that knows how to make Hummus the right way. When you live in Dearborn MI where all the Arabic people live - you get spoiled. I know good Hummus and this is it! During happy hour its free!!
5	Not a huge fan of Persian food but this place has sort of changed my attitude and taste towards Persian cuisine.  I usually substitute the white rice with some kind of berry rice which is absolutely amazing with the Kabobs... the portions are just overly huge... I have never been able to finish one dish in one sitting.  I took my family for dinner while visiting, and I give it 5 stars because my mother thinks is the best Persian restaurant in AZ, so for once I did listen to her!!!
5	I love Persian food, and am surprised to say that i have found the best Persian food in Arizona ( considering I come fro SF where we have AMAZING food). Try their ice cream and their Sharazi rice. Delicious!
4	Good service and very good food.  We had a combination plate, a stew, and an app and it fed four adults perfectly.  The rice could use more flavor.
4	Very good Persian food.  The food alone gives the place 4 stars.A couple of items that could take this place to 5 stars:- The routing.  The kitchen is right next to the front desk, where we saw anywhere from 4 to 12 people waiting to be seated.  Lots of bumping, jostling, and getting out of the way of servers with huge plates of food.  It might take longer, but I think management should train the servers to take an immediate left and only go through the dining area.- The furniture is a little worn.- The carpet needs some regular and frequent sweeping.  We saw more than a little food on the ground.- Attentiveness.  I'm not sure if it was the restaurant.com coupon or the fact that we weren't drinking, but I'd like someone to come around more often than every 30 minutes.The food was truly terrific though.  We'll definitely be back.
3	This place looked pretty nice from the inside and they weren't kidding when they said that the Tour of Persia would be able to serve 3.  For 2, it was a bit overwhelming, but I think we dented it pretty well.  The Basmati rice was very complimentary to the meat dishes.We switched the barg for the fish, but otherwise the cornish, beef koobideh and gheymeh bademjan was okay.  I could have done without the gheymeh bademjan.  It was my first time having it and it was only okay.  The koobideh was a little greasy, but the cornish had a great lemon tang to it.
5	The food was really good I had lamp shank with rise i tried the kebab & was really too
5	Paradise on a platter!Decor is well thought out, semi-residential.  But quaint.  Service was terrific.  Our waitress found out that we were first timers and was happy to explain the entrees.  All items are adaptable to your taste/desire.  Mix-match as you wish.A water glass never went empty and you didn't have a chance to consider if you were in need of something because she was already on it or asking.Portions are Gi-normous!!!  Picky eaters or dietary considerations?  No worries.  There are plenty of vegetarian options, gluten-free options.  Yes.  I am gluttonous.  I had appetizers, entree, and of course dessert.Greek salad, pitas with yogurt and cucumber dip, veg kebob with ados polo, baklava, and persian ice cream.  I would do it all again....everyday if I could
5	we took a weekend off, we live in tucson, got a nice hotel in phoenix and tried a couple of new to us restaurants.this place is both eye-awesome and taste-amazing.we watched them make the bread, walked around looking at the walls and listened to conversations in a half dozen languages...wow.obviously a place for Iranians to eat.genuine tastes, lots of food, mint on the table, a bit overwhelming.waitress answered our questions with a hint of a smile, we tasted everything carefully, sniffed the air and loved everything.thanks.
5	My wife and I have been coming here regularly  since we moved to Scottsdale 10 years ago. It was one of the first things we fell in love with when we moved here. The service and decor are first class. We just love the feel of a high end Persian restaurant. Of course the most important thing is the food and it lives up to the requirement and beyond. We always have left overs and they call to me from my refrigerator all night.This is hands down my favorite restaurant in town
3	Went for a business lunch: ordered the Beef Kabab for lunch and it came with rice, peppers, and onions. For $16 I expected a little more meat and less rice but it was ok.One of my other co-workers ordered the lamb shanks which were also good, but don't expect to get a lot of meat.The complementary pita bread and yogurt/mint dressing was good and the service was great, the waiter was very friendly. He even gave a free slice of baklava for my other co-worker's birthday.Overall, I would recommend going here if you want something different.
3	I had the lamb shanks.  They were good but nothing special.  Huge portions and the rice is excellent.  I'd go back but not anytime soon.  Not an entree on the entire menu with any heat.  That loses a star.
4	We've been dining here periodically since 2002.  We ate here again on 7/16/11 and enjoyed it as usual.From experience, we know that the portions are large, so we opted for two meals and an appetizer this time.  Tried the Kash O'bademjan for an appetizer for the first time.  It is a mixture of roasted eggplant and whey, flavored with sauteed garlic, onions & mint.  It is served hot with plenty of hot pita bread.  It is very flavorful and we loved the roasted garlic garnishing it and would love to have had more of it!!We shared the Chicken Filet Sultani which has a skewer of tender marinated  chicken breast and a skewer of koobideh.   Both very flavorful, tender and moist.  We also ordered the Gyros beef which was excellent.  The homemade gyros sauce was outstanding; very creamy and an excellent compliment to the spicy gyros beef. Of course, a huge platter of delectable long grain basmati rice accompanied the meats.  Their rice is truly lovely; definitely some butter swimming lovingly through it along with saffron.  Excellent rice!Another nice meal at the Persian Room.  And we had enough to take home for a second (but lighter) go round today!  Yum!I don't think it earned a 5 stars this time as the men's restroom (according to my spouse) needed some serious attention and the timing of the food delivery was slightly off.  We received our main meat dish before they had delivered our dinner plates which we needed since we were dining family style.  The platter of rice was about 2 minutes later arriving than our dinner plates.
2	The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
5	Holy cow! Probably the best Persian I've had. We went here for my sister in law's birthday, not knowing what to expect. The atmosphere was great, we were seated quickly without an appointment, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. Then, the food: the chicken kabobs were outstanding, so was the Mahi, and the fesenjean ( a sweet pomegranate, walnut, and chicken stew) was the best I've had, next to my wife's. Follow that up with a nice beer or a nice cocktail you're in great shape. Now for the surprise of the evening. My sister in law was treated to a lesson in how they make their bread. Check out the picture, she struggled a little, but practice makes perfect. Overall a great birthday spot.
4	Loved it!  After reading the review above was skeptical, yet YELP had many positive reviews.  My wife and I celebrated our 21st Anniversary and could not have been happier with the experience.  We had the Persian Platter (sampler) for the appetizer, Chef's special (sampler - chicken/fish) and some cold Taj Mahal beer (two to be exact).   We made reservations, yet showed up 30 minutes early and was seated with no issues.  We went on a Thursday night for reference.   Service was great and waiter explained the Persian food as we were clueless and only hungry.  Two rice dishes were fabulous.  We will go back again with friends and family.  Total bill was $72.  We had allot of leftovers to take home and enjoyed the next few days.
3	Good hummus, I had the cornish hen which was pretty good. my husbands beef dish was unimpressive. the wait staff was wonderful. maybe we need to try an alternate dish next time.
5	We went to the Persian Room for lunch yesterday. The restaurant was beautiful and clean, the service was great, the lunch portions were huge and best of call the food was excellent. All four of us had different entree and all were excellent. I'm grateful I don't live near the place as I guarantee I would eat there every week. This is a must return restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable as well.
4	Went to the Persian room on 10/27/11. Place was recommended by friends who had live  in Iran for a few years  so I decided to try it. I had the number 30 (Barg) and it was delicious, tender, with just the right amount of spices included. It included rice, a grilled tomato, and pita bread. I also had an Amber light in chilled glass. Overall the dinner was excellent, great atmosphere, delicious aromatic  smells as you enter the restaurant. My friends were right about this place.
5	My husband and I love this restaurant. The food and service are great. We have been there several times and never been disappointed. Make sure you try their bread. It's sooo good because they make it fresh. I absolutely love this restaurant. I can't wait for my next visit!!
4	This is REALLY good Persian food.  The plates for two are amazing.  The beef kubbideh, chicken, and pounded filet mignon is to die for.  The rice options are all very good.  The hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic.  If you like Persian food this is the best place I've been out here.
4	I recently have team members in town from out of state.  I used to eat here all the time, so suggested it for the team dinner location.  I used to make the drive from Chandler to have dinner here, and was always impressed with the food.  The chicken or beef koobideh is always a favorite of mine, and another is Ghormeh sabzy but I always ask for it to be served with crispy rice.  Yum.  I honestly think that you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu!
5	Great environment and great food. The bread is to die for! A bit pricey but its enough for two servings usually. Try the pistachio ice cream. That alone will keep you coming back for more.
4	Great rice, hummus was very good and great bread. The chicken is very juicy and flavorful.
5	Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.
5	I've been to the Persian Room multiple times in the last ten years, ever since I moved to the area, and I have enjoyed it every time. (We came most recently on November 10, 2011.) Note: they also cater - my parents got Persian Room catered for their 25th anniversary (about 200 people) and everyone enjoyed it. The main attraction at the restaurant is the meat - most of the entrees consist of a large portion of meat, some vegetables, and a huge portion of delicious basmati rice. I have ordered several dishes from the chicken, lamb and beef sections, and have absolutely no complaints, so whatever you choose you will be delighted. The meat is always succulent and tender, and nicely spiced. Definitely try the hummus, as it is consistently delicious. On my thirteenth birthday (about ten years ago), the service was absolutely atrocious, but most other times I've been there, the service has been good. I've never needed a reservation, as the restaurant is always busy for dinner but not overcrowded.
4	Enjoyed an amazing dinner here last night. We had a group of 25 to celebrate my friend`s recent marathon run and Persian Room was the perfect place! The have upstairs and downstairs dining, we were upstairs. The only drawback is the restrooms are downstairs and very tiny, plus one stall! (Was surprised at that)More importantly the food and service. I was told they have outstanding hummus and this turned out to be very true!! The entrees are huge, I ended up half mine home. I ordered the chicked shish with half basmati rice/half salad. Chicken was succulent and just the right amount of spices. Great place and atmosphere over all, we really had a great time here!
3	The chicken kebab and yogurt dip were delicious, but the service was insufferably slow.
5	The food is so very delicious and gets a Five Star rating, for that alone. The service is so so, but you'll be able to look past it once their fillet mignon melts in your mouth. I recommend the koobideh beef especially. It just seems to dissolve into amazingness in your mouth. And for dessert, try the Persian ice cream. Yum. A combination platter will feed four easy, though the menu says it's for two. My husband and I had so much left over that it served as a lunch and dinner the next day. One more tip, don't be shy to try the free appetizer. The bread is made fresh in a tandoori-like oven. Spread some butter on it, add lots of basil leaves and some onion and enjoy.
5	More Persian on the inside than it is on the outside from the street perspective. Magnificently delectable, with huge portions -- I recommend the #30 Barg which is Filet Mignon Kabob and the #23 Zereshk Polo with Chicken, both juicy and succulent. If two of you are feeling "light" then you could easily split one entree and perhaps a hummus appetizer. Most dishes are served with fluffy, long grain Basmati rice with Saffron, the most expensive spice in the world. And yes, it has a wonderful Persian ambiance inside, it feels like the socialite Middle Eastern scenes in "Mission: Impossible -- Ghost Protocol." In fact, if I ever get to date Paula Patton, I'm definitely bringing her to "The Persian Room."
4	I found this place by surprise. My Bf and I wanted a nice romantic dinner and did not want the usually Italian restaurants so we landed here. Its a nice, huge place with dim lighting and very cozy ambiance. When we walked-in it was crowded, but we were immediately seated and served with pita break and a plate of onions, butter and cilantro (we are still at mystery with the whole concept of a big onion cut down the middle). For appis we just got hummus and that was amazing. For dinner, I had the chicken shish and it was to die for. My bf, since he's a vegetarian, got vegetarian kabob and he was disappointed. However, he enjoyed the hummus and the rice and pita bread. The drink menu was pretty legit. I had a Champagne Cosmo and it was absolutely amazing. If you are a meat eater you will love this place!The only down to this place was that the service was pretty bad. Our server disappeared for most of the night. She took our order soon, but barely came back during the whole meal to check if we needed something and I usually need something. Other than that, it was great.
3	Food was good. Nice setting. A bit pricey.
4	Every time I've been in Scottsdale I've wanted to try this place but never had the chance.  I finally got take out from here last week.  It was wonderful.  I am somewhat familiar with Persian food because my friend's mom would cook for us.  I was so happy to have tah dig (burnt crispy rice with gheimeh, a sour tomato-based stew).  We also had the Persian Room special and the lamb and chicken filet combination plate.  The chicken, the filet mignon, and the lamb koobideh were particularly good.  Even my parents, who hadn't had persian food before, enjoyed it.
4	Went there tonight with a friend. Very nice ambiance, it was a little warm but ok. Not too crowded for a Friday, had a reservation but probably didn't need it.  Tried the combo platter appetizer, very good. We also went for the Persian combo entree, supposed to be for 2 but probably could feed 3 to 4. Rice was excellent, meat very tender. Recommend for a date or nice evening party.  I thought the price would be more than it turned out even after wine and margarita. Too bad that after 9pm, it seemed like the place emptied real fast, we were ready to stay and enjoy talking longer. Hope to go back soon.
2	We decided to have dinner at the Persian Room.  When ordering, we substituted the rice that comes with the meal for a different type of rice.  The waitress had suggested that I substitute half my rice for small Greek salad. The meal came, the portions were huge and the food was good (not great).  We had to ask several times for refills on our hot tea. When the bill came we noticed that there was a $10 up charge for the substitutions. I mentioned this to the waitress and she said that she can see my point too (huh?) and would talk to the manager.  She came back to say that he would not take the up charges off because it was written on the menu that there's a charge. I asked to speak with him. His name is Mike.  I told him that the waitress had offered the rice/salad substitution and never said a word about the extra charges and didn't appreciate the up charges and he stated " this is a fine dining establishment and we don't like to insult our customers by telling them about $2-$3 up charges here and there.". I told him that he just insulted me that he assumed I don't know how fine dining works.  He said he would reverse the charges but "next time..." I told him there would be no next time.  He ultimately reversed the $10 in up charges. Oh and we never did get our refill on our tea....
3	I came here last week for dinner wanting to like this place so much, but it didn't turn out being that way.  What I will say positively about this place is the ambiance, decor and service.  I could not complain about any of those things.        My friend and I began with the pita bread which was actually quite delicious.  Then we had the dolmades.  Those were good as well.  So far the meal seemed as though it was going to be promising.  My friend ordered the lamb shanks.  Two size able shanks in a bath of bland broth.  The rice that came with it wasn't great, but it was a hell of a lot better than the rice I received.  I ordered the lamb koobideh.  Ground, skewered, broiled lamb that tasted like typical frozen breakfast sausage that you find at any supermarket.  This was served with Basmati rice that was just blah.      Based on my experience here with mediocre entrees I have no desire to go back again.  I should stick with Gordon Ramsay's advice.  If a restaurant has pictures of their food on the menu, run!
5	I found the restaraunt very tastefully decorated.  Wonderful home made bread and dough (yogurt drink).  Kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large.  The share for two can easily feed four!  Quality was not sacrificed.
3	Good ethnic food in Phoenix, recommended by my local friend.Pros:-Great lunch specials!!!-Koobideh was delicious, very generous portions-Great for a quick meal if you let them know you are in a time crunch-pitas were soft and freshCons:-Location is kind of weird Verdict:Would come back here but probably only when meeting in the area.
5	Great persian food in the heart of Scottsdale.  It was one of the best persian restaurants I've eaten at and that includes a lot of them in L.A.  Great appetizers, kabobs, home made bread (see my photo) and it seems really popular because it was busy on a Sunday night.  My husband is Iranian and is a great cook and he loved it.  I don't really agree with Ann on the location being weird.  It is on Scottsdale Rd. not far from the new Scottsdale Quarter, shopping and other restaurants.
4	3.75First visit in years!  I could've sworn I'd written a review, albeit a year or two *after* my very first visit with Mom and her ex- back when I still lived in Chandler ('04), or perhaps even before that, in Maricopa (horrors!).  I remembered that he, a carnivore at heart, had the #31 Sultani,  while Mom and I shared the # 19 Chicken shish.  We also shared a hummus app.  I vividly recall thinking Persian Room's pita bread stupefying, and I'm happy to report it still is!It was a hard decision to make- what to have for dinner, after seeing "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" last night (go see it!!), but I decided I'd wait until I could treat Mom out for sushi and to go to PR, instead.  I tried to stop by for takeout on Valentine's Day, but my last minute decision, made after a public speaking class and a whirlwind two-hour writing session at the college library, was foiled when I encountered a packed parking lot, so I headed home instead.  It was easy to find parking tonight, and it was nice to see takeout menus waiting by the first set of glass doors (there are two), where I could comfortably read the menu before going through the second set of doors and place my order at the cashier/host desk.  The friendly female host took my order of Kashk O' Bademjan (app) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ#A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ and #33 Naderi (from the section of beef entrees) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA#GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA.  Note that "all entrees include basmati rice, pita bread, and a grilled tomato."  I asked how long the order would take to prepare ("about ten minutes") and proceeded up the stairs to the lounge to read my book as I wait.  Or so I thought...It was my first time up at the lounge, and it's cozy enough.  There are many two-top tables up there, in case you don't want to sit in the larger rooms downstairs, and the bar is comfortable enough to dine solo, or with a friend or two.  There is a TV for those who MUST watch sports as you dine with your companion or unfortunate date... As I've said, I was only going for takeout and was only up here to take advantage of the lighting, but silly me, I asked if PR offered happy hour, and sure enough, it does!  Monday to Friday, from 5p to 8p, happy hour discounts on beer and house wine ($4 glass instead of regular $6) AND a free app (hummus, hummus and eggplant, dolmeh, or yogurt and cucumber dip).  And so, I decided why not enjoy a glass of chard with the hummus I had passed on for dinner?  The pour was actually quite good, and tasty, and it paired nicely with the delicious sauce plate of hummus and a lone olive, topped with spices.  Hot pita bread followed shortly... I was blissful!  (Well, OK, I was very happy.  Yes, I was blissful, too, but that praise rightfully belongs to my lovely therapist at SWIHA!)The takeout took a lot longer than ten minutes, but I wasn't going to argue, not when I was already full from my app and tipsy from the wine!I hope to return more often!p.s.  I did get to try a few pieces of chicken and filet mignon (delicately marinated, yet flavorful, and so tender!), with saffron rice (so buttery!), and another large piece of pita bread to enjoy a bit of the eggplant app with.  The entree was delicious, yet I don't think it's worth $21.95 for take out (see photo).  I could see paying that while dining in, since I have to factor in service and atmosphere, but for takeout...?Ghaza aali bood, merci!p.p.s.  Struck me a bit odd that I saw a lot of Asians, instead of Persians, entering and exiting the restaurant.  A bit surreal, I thought, but it could've been the chardonnay... :)
2	VERY overrated !I read several reviews on Yelp and really was excited to take my friend here for dinner. What a disppointment!  The server showed up twice--once to TAKE our order, then the second time to ask if we wanted dessert and our bill.  This is not what you call SERVICE.We ordered the combo lamb and chicken skewer.  The chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat.  Of course we couldn't send it back and address the problem since the server failed to follow up.I ordered a martini straight up and it took over 45 minutes to receive it. When the bill came they charged me an UP charged since I asked for the normally included cranberry as a SPLASH on the side.  When i asked the server about this charge on the bill, she said that since the cranberry was presented with ICE they had to pour more liquor...I didn't ask for ice...just a splash that I could mix in. They normally include cranberry, chambord, pineapple, and more for the same inclusive price to this martini so this was not an upcharge which was justified.Heads up to those thinking about coming here.... You can go to several restaurants that offer excellent chicken/beef/and quality lamb skewers that are better quality and much more reasonable. It's clear that The PR doesn't focus on this.Suggestion, Offer more reasonable portions for less $$ and offer more attentive service. There's obviously a problem when 100% of the tables are taking food to go and paying top dollar for a meal that simply isn't worth it.
2	It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
2	Really wanted to like this place, but my experience here was not too impressive.It started off great - the decor is nice, we were greeted and seated promptly.  Then out came a plate of basil and onion, with basket of delicious pita bread.  This kept our appetites at bay, while we awaited our waitress.  Then it slid downhill... the waitress took awhile to get to our table and take our drink order.  By the time she arrived, I had already eaten half my pita basket, browsed my iphone for meaning of Gheimeh (it means "stew" in Persian), played with game apps while my husband left for restroom, read entire menu together and decided on meal.  Said waitress eventually arrived to get our full order, then we proceeded to wait some more.  We made conversation and entertained ourselves for 25 minutes, then I started to notice how long we were sitting.  That's when I began trying to make eye-contact with the waitress.  Unfortunately, she breezed by our table several times without stopping.   During this time, nary a glass was to be refilled.  After 35 minutes, we noticed another table with a large party (that sat down after us) was getting their food.  My husband actually suggested taking off - but I decided to wait it out.   Finally, after 45 minutes, our food arrived.We ordered the Vegetable Gheimeh (remember kids, that means "stew") and the Lamb Loin meal.  Both entrees were just "ok".  The stew had vegetables that were cooked down to imperceptible mush and the flavor was entirely blah.   My husband's lamb entree was better, but also lacked much flavor.  Basmati rice was prepared fine, but still nothing special.   I didn't see or taste anything that would make me want to return.Final verdict?  Save your money and visit another restaurant.  This one isn't horrible, but neither is it worth your time and money.
4	Great food, nice atmosphere.  You don't walk out smelling like your dinner like some other ethnic joints.  Dessert was great, and the meats were cooked to temperature.  The saffron rice is terrific.  Would recommend.
5	I thought no way Persian food in Phoenix could be better than in LA. But Persian Room is certainly just as good as anywhere in LA, if not better! This always satisfies my Persian food craving. Love the meats and salads, and of course, the rice. Its also great as takeout.
2	Well, the ambiance is beautiful and wonderful. The service was good. The food was shit, even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor. We got the chicken and lamb kabob with rice and the rice was not even done, a few pieces of the chicken were ok and the lamb was tasteless.. The Persian ice cream was delicious, it smelled like roses. But you have to keep in mind we were the last ones in there and the kitchen was about to close, so I imagine the food would have been better earlier. Overall, it was ok, but ive had better. I don't think I would come back, I tried it once, and maybe I'll try another Persian restaurant when I get the chance to compare the two.
4	Combination kabobs are excellent. Wonderful treatment of rice.  Definite value, with a nice atmosphere
5	We love this place and travel forty minutes to get there. My boyfriend is from Iran and both of us find the food to be excellent. The atmosphere is really romantic and relaxing. We joke that the place is like one of those cartoons where there is a little tent in the middle of the desert and once you enter it you're in a palace. Its set just off the side of the road with hardly any other businesses in its complex. You walk in the restaurant and there are beautiful window tapestries, starry ceilings, a fountain, an upstairs bar, a separate room for entertaining. We are almost always greeted and seated quickly. Food has always been served at a nice pace as well (and I'm reviewing off of about 20 or so visits to this place in the last three years). Servers are very friendly and always bring us extra basil and bread when we ask. Our menu orders traditionally go as such: we both get the house cabernet for 6.00 and its very good. If we are with other people we order the combination appetizer which has several selections, if its just the two of us we go with the hummus which is a must if you are going to make sandwiches with the bread (similar to Indian naan), raw onion, and basil they give you. We share the Persian Room Special (a combination platter for 31.00) that could easily feed four. We eat just our leftovers for 2-3 meals over the next couple days! Includes basmati rice, filet mignon, chicken filet, and koobideh (ground beef) kabob. I always substitute half the rice for zereshk polo. I agree with several other reviewers to try the persian ice cream with the pistachios, very much worth it. We bring restaurant.com certificates with us sometimes and get out around 40.00, even when we don't its very affordable when you think about how many meals it covers over the next few days for two people.
5	I have driven by the Persian Room for 9 years and never ventured in but last night I finally decided to try it out and I'm so glad that I did.  The view of the restaurant from the street does not convey the charm, warmth and decor of the inside of the restaurant.  It has great ambiance, wonderful service and amazing food.  Wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing.  Ordered the Tour of Persia meal to share and it was great.  Food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods.  I loved the Persian Room and it's truly a hidden gem in Scottsdale.
4	I have eaten here twice service and food have always been super... I'd go back. The portions are huge!
4	We were looking for a good Middle Eastern place and this fit the bill.  Hummus was awesome and kabob was really good. Lots of food, enough to share dishes and try out new things. Totally recommend!
4	Great tasting Persian food. The quality of food is just great.
5	Prepare to dine like a SULTAN!  No really, the food here is awesome.  We had drinks, dinner and desert for under $65 and it was all very tasty. Best of all we had leftovers for the next day.  The plates are what fat people love! You may have to flag down a waiter or 2, but if you don't mind that sort of thing...which I don't, you'll be fine.  Don't let the bad reviews scare you off.  The food and atmosphere is way to good to not come here because someone didn't get their cosmo on time.
4	Great food! brought my sister in-law and my mom lunch for mothers day and we had the appetizer sampler and the sampler platter with all the different meats and basmati. Awesome food!
4	My Persian sister-from-another-mother took me here for the first time, and I am mad at her.  Not because this place is bad - oh no, it's spectacular.  I'm mad at her because of the fact that I crave these kebabs fortnightly.  I think I even dream about them.  Next time I see her, I'm going to hit her with a skewer of lamb koobideh.  And then eat it.Persian Room is literally a palace, with a fountain in the middle of the dining room and golden plates.  The servers are working at a steady clip (although it's been evident on some visits that a slim few are way out of their league in terms of keeping up with the hustle), toting out fluffy mounds of rice and simply grilled meats to tables of customers dressed to the nines and dressed down in denim.  All have a place at this feast, whether it's date night or late night kebab craving.We typically get the Shallot Yogurt or Eggplant with Whey as a starter so that we can sop up the deliciousness with the warm bread that is baked right in the dining room.  Of the kebabs, I'm madly in love with the chicken tenderloin kebab, the mahi mahi (which I have learned that in Farsi translates to "fish fish" - yes, I love the fish fish) and the aforementioned lamb koobideh.  You can stick with the fluffy white rice that comes standard, but I always sub in the Sabzi Polo (or green rice) that is studded with every herb in the garden for a glorious accompaniment to the kebobs.If you can make it to tea and dessert, more power to you.  These portions are killer and the platters are behemoth.  Although, I have to say that in addition to feasting on the majesty while I am there, I do look forward to the leftovers later.  It's like the Persian gift that keeps on giving.
1	Why bother?
5	5 stars!I went last night with my Persian hubby.  We live in NYC and he grew up on Persian food.  He said The Persian Room was one of the best Persian restaurants he had ever eaten at!  He's extremely picky, so I was very surprised to hear him say that.  I thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy!
5	I am a big fan of middle eastern and this restaurant tops the list. I have been here 4 or 5 times and it's consistently good.   Beautiful ambiance with a big chandelier at the entrance.  there's a small area up the winding staircase with a bar and tables  that are a little more intimate, and the main floor has both booths and separate tables.  dress up or casual.  Everything is very very fresh and the service is good.  big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread.  My favorite is the fava beans with rice... yummm!  The rose water ice cream was crazy good!
4	Warmly greeted, quickly seated.  Service on the mark with Steven. Newbies to this food Steven explained how to eat it to best enjoy it. I would have not guessed to smash the well roasted tomato into the rice and then eat with the meat.  Got the Persian plate becasue we had read your reviews that we would have leftovers.  For a week!  Very well cooked and fresh.  Bread was replenished with hot pieces. People around us seemed to all be return diners and all ate and took home the leftovers. Value was good when you eat two meals off of one order.  Two of us over ordered food with 2 glasses of wine for 50$ and then lunch tommorrow. Fresh basil and onion served with the fresh bread.  The only reason that last star was not given... make the platter too hot to hold and the plates too.  You can't eat all this food and it not get cool if the serving dishes are not red hot.Thanks Yelpers for heading us this way.
2	I wanted this to be great. I love Persian food. And the food here is really good. And I would totally eat it again, if it was not for having to go to the actual restaurant to eat. The service was so below par that it was actually hilarious. First, we were greeted and seated quickly. Which was very nice and the hostess was very polite. So far so good. Then we were told our waiter would be right with us. So we waited....and waited....waited........finally, my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order. But this boorish lady with a Russian accent said "I will will get him". First, why do you need to get him. You were folding napkins (slowly, I might add) before we called you over. You could have taken our order and then told our waiter. Or at least, said with a nicer tone. I felt like we had just signed the death warrant for our waiter. And when she arrived, she was very pleasant and apologized for the wait. We ordered our meals and drinks. My beer and my other friend's ice tea arrived quickly. But my other friend's wine just didnt arrive. The excuse we got was "we don't have a bartender tonight, the manager is finding it".  Then she left. And we never saw her again. Our appetizer arrived and our main courses. But still no wine! Finally, we got someone over here, just for them to run off to get the manager. So another guy arrives and we get the wine. By the time, he poured the glasses, he was already gone from the table. And no surprise because the wine was bad. Then as we chatted, with plates just sitting in front of us. And that Russian mob woman back to her napkins. Then the "manager" arrived with our check. And told us our waitress had to leave. See what I told you?! Totally signed her death warrant with that Russian mob lady. No apologies, no nothing. So while the food was good. I would just stay away, I mean the restaurant was half empty when we went and it was midweek. I can not imagine this place when it is busy.So two stars because the food was great but just like how one F can ruin your GPA, the service just ruined it for us.
5	Delicious, Persian food (very similar to Mediterranean) served like a work of art, with pita-style bread made to order and served gratis to every table. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but try the Chicken Koobideh for a different and enjoyable experience (ground chicken & spice kabob).The hummus and yogurt dips are also exceptional, and pair nicely with the hot, made-to-order bread they give you.Elegant but unimposing atmosphere. Very friendly wait service and staff too.I'm a regular at this place, and for very good reason.
5	Came here with my family.  Delicious food.  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot.  Fresh baked bread made close to our table.  Would go back again.
4	great food - chicken, rice, bread..very large portionspriced just ritedecor is gaudy, but its okay good food made up for it.YUM YUM YUM
5	Excellent happy hour! We got free hummus at the bar too. Great deal and a great atmosphere!
4	Absolutely fabulous!  My wife and I ordered a combination platter so that we could sample different menu offerings.  Included were barg (fillet mignon), chicken fillet, and koobideh (ground lamb roasted) served with basmati rice and grilled tomato.  The menu stated that it was for 2, but the platter, really a large tray, was enough for 3 or 4.  We ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course.  It came with tiny currents and finely chopped pistachio sprinkled on top--absolutely delicious as a dip for the warm pita bread and meats.  We also recommend dolmens, stuffed grape leaves, as an appetizer .We were seated right away, waitress was friendly, food came out hot and well presented.
5	MENU PLATE #18 is perfect if your not into middle eastern food too much but want good quality rice chicken and kabob
3	I've never written a review the same day I visited a restaurant but this one I couldn't wait to write about. It was the 3 of us (My wife, son and myself). We ordered one of those large combos of Chicken and Fish. It says it serves 2 but it could serve at least 3 which is great (big portions aren't a problem with us since we like take home the left overs). The food was great as usual and the salmon was to die for. So this concludes the good part of our visit. I worst part was the service. It was just plain awful from the same waitress that we always get stuck with when we visit (we come here often). Usually the service isn't terrible enough to warrant a bad review. But today was just special (in a bad way). This wasn't that cheap of an item off the menu and the restaurant wasn't too busy but I kid you not, we only saw the waitress twice; when we ordered and when she brought the food. Don't even get me started on her attitude. She may have missed the number 1 requirement taught at Waiting 101 which is smile. I would say I'll let it slide if it was the first time but she's always grouchy and today, extremely unfriendly. We finished our food and we waited about 10 minutes for her to come so we can ask for the check. Nope. She was chatting with the greeter and I tried my best to squeeze the last ounces of my patience, but to no success. So we just stood up, my wife went to the car with my son and I waited in line to pay for my expensive meal. Just terrific! HOW IN THE HECK IS A SERVICE LIKE THIS IS EXPECTED TO BE TOLERATED, especially on a WEEKEND? Of course she saw me waiting in line and she then came with the check. I said absolutely no word to her because if I have, it would have been unpleasant.On a check that was around $60, I tipped her $3 and I still thought that was generous. I'm not even close to being cheap when it comes to tipping but this time I had to make a statement. To sum up; Terrible service from the older waitress (40s). The greeter was excellent. The owner (or manager) was excellent. The food was excellent. But if you care about service, you can either order to-go, or avoid the place when that grouchy waitress is working.
5	It was my first time there. I chose this place for my birthday dinner organized for 10 people and their service did well in setting us up on the upper level and gave us the best view by the window. Jamie, the hostess, was very friendly and assuring. It's indeed a beautifully decorated place and it definitely made me feel like a princess. The food was just icing on the top! All the guests' food came together, earlier than expected as it was a Saturday night and it was completely packed! I had ordered chicken kabob (boneless marinated pieces of chicken with seasoned rice) that melted in my mouth! Every spoonful was delicious beyond words! At the end, Jamie, the hostess, cut the cake into equal slices and served it to all the guests. I rate this restaurant, its food, and overall service 5/5! Every dollar was well spent!
5	The Gyro meat is incredible!  I have been here multiple times just because of the gyro meat.   i highly recommend this establishment
4	Fancy... better get a hot date. Too late for some of us :( hahahaFood was great no doubt... couldn't find a fault with any of the Kebab options and bread was made fresh.My only gripe is staff gets a little testy... patience patience.
4	Went to dinner here since I was staying at a near by hotel. I was seated upstairs in the bar area, at a table, which I really enjoyed from a seating view.I had the lamb shank and it was incredible!My rating reflects that I have only been there once, but if I am ever in the area I will definitely go back.
3	I went here with friends and we tried the vegetarian stew and the vegetarian kebab. The stew was too sour and the lentils slightly undercooked. I would not recommend it. However, the kebab was quite good and their zarashk polo was fantastic. Among the appetizers dolmeh were some of the best I have had, but the hummus was ordinary.
2	Let me start by saying I was tempted to give 1 star...**Our server was great, he was a young man, but I don't remember his name.We have been to Persian Room many times (me since 2006, my husband prior to that) and probably for the first couple of years I would have given them 5 stars, and then, it keeps going down hill...We used to go more often but for the same reason our visits are more sporadic nowadays. A few times the service has been terrible, specially with big groups, some huge delays, messed up orders, some other time our food arrived before our appetizer... go figure...This last time the unthinkable happened... I didn't like the kashk bademjan... I am not the expert in Persian food, but up until that day kashk bademjan had always been delicious, creamy and you would have never known eggplant was involved. Well. Chunks. Huge chunks. One twice the size of my thumb. And seeds... and kashk nowhere to be seen...Also, the gorgeous rice, long skinny grains, dark yellow, flavorful, seems to be a thing of the past... the rice was OK, but it was regular blah rice, that was not shiny Persian Room rice : (Well, not everything is lost, their Koobideh is my favorite, it is still good. We also like the homemade doogh.However, when you put everything together, for that price, I don't think it is worth it : ( While before, the rice itself was worth the trip and the check.As a side note, we had a coupon, and we went there on Dec 31. The coupon had a holiday restriction, and I honestly considered that the holiday was January 1st. Well, the host/shift manager brought it back to us saying it was a holiday and they didn't even have the lunch specials that day, so they rejected our coupon.We were not very happy, but oh well... However...  As we were leaving... my husband brought it to my attention... if it is a holiday and they don't have 'lunch', how come we got the blah pitas instead of the real naan? Anyway, the pitas reminded us why we don't go to lunch to Persian Room, and the bad kashk bademjun will remind us why we don't plan to go back any time soon... : (I am sorry if I am overdoing it with the sad faces, but it is because this was one of our favorite places.
5	Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.This year is same as last year. Outstanding. Make a reservation!
5	This place is simply amazing,We eat there at least once a week,For many years.Definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service.
4	Just ate the leftovers from my visit last night...yum!  This was my second visit to the Persian Room and turns out the first wonderful experience over a year ago  was not a fluke.  The portions are very large, plenty for two to split and still feel full.  I was in a party of six and we had the pleasure of sampling each other's meals.  We started with appetizers.  I could see myself going there just to get them.  The dolmehs (stuffed grape leaves) were delicious, the hummus was creamy and had well balanced flavors.  The yogurt & cucumber dip was refreshing (love the bits of currants!)  I especially enjoyed the hummus and eggplant delight.  And of course the fresh hand-made pita is something to cherish!The meal was super tasty.  My husband had the lamb and loved it (I don't care for lamb.)  I had a combination meal filet and beef koobideh and it was very good.  Strangely though, the filet was cold when I got it.  Another person in our party had the same issue with their filet.  He sent it back, but I decided since I was not going to finish the meal until today I would just pack the filet and eat the koobideh.  The waitress was very nice and accommodating and got the food back to my friend quickly and at the preferred temperature.  As for my filet...it was even more scrumptious this afternoon.  Next time I'll try the chicken barg or chicken shish because someone gave me a chunk of their's and it was tender and flavorful. We all had the Persian ice cream and baklava for dessert.  They are both made in house and well-made.  The flavor of the ice cream is unique and memorable.  The baklava was not overly sweet and was perfectly flaky.  What a way to end an already wonderful meal.
5	absoultey love. everything is amazzzzzballs!
4	I remember casually hearing about The Persian Room a few years back and never put it on my list .. My husband where on our way to a different restaurant and I opened my Yelp App to see what else was in the area and decided to try something new. Boy am I glad we took the detour! We arrived around 7:00 PM couldn't get immediate seating, so we sat at the bar .  I love sitting at the bar because you tend to get more attention. The bartender educated us on how to order and even gave us yummy suggestions for leftovers .  We started off with the complementary wood fired house made naan , that was served with fresh cilantro , basil, onion and butter on the side to top on your bread with . It was happy hour until 8PM, so we ordered Hummus and Tzatziki (that was  1/2 off), both are really good and highly recommended.   We shared the taste of Persia for two ; the plate came on this gorgeous silver platter with enough food for four (I guess that's the Persian way of eating) , three kabobs (filet , chicken and a ground beef) a huge side of rice and a side salad of finely chopped tomato , cucumber and onion with lemon vinaigrette. The kabobs were so tender you can cut it up with a fork, the rice and salad was amazing too.  I was really impressed with the food and our whole experience , I plan to bring out of town guest for a cool experience . This is the perfect place to share family style.
4	My wife and I went to The Persian Room today.  This is sort of a belated Valentine's Day.  Both of had agreed to postpone the Valentine's dinner from Thursday to Saturday.  Both of us work nearly 12 hours a day at our jobs.We went to the Persian Room 02/16/2013 to find it quite busy.  Thank goodness we had a reservation.  We would have been waiting some time otherwise.  We ordered the following:Torshi (kind of a pickled vegetable salad with wine vinegar)Hommus with Eggplant delight (a dip)Lamb and chicken combination dinner (for 2)...included koubidehThe torshi was good, but found it a bit sour. Hommus was very good.  The lamb and chicken combination was very good and very heavy.  My wife and I were able to bring a lot of it home simply because we were not able to finish it.  The portion size was pretty big.  We really enjoyed the food.  The inside of the restaurant looks like it is classy.  We have eaten at a lot of restaurants that specialize in Middle Eastern cuisine.  This is definitely one of them that ranks as the most classy.  I would definitely recommend this to others.  Also look at the Caspian Market next door.
4	Excellent, lunch or dinner. Atmosphere is suitable for either - classy. Not terribly expensive. Food is delicious, and not your standard fare. Kubideh's my personal favorite, but the chicken dishes are great as well.I'll continue to go back.
4	For my big 100th review I wanted to write about some place special, and this was the place! This is hands down some of the best Persian food I've had in a while (my favorite place is Hen House in Irvine, CA... but this place comes very close!)First of all, walking in through the glass double doors you feel like you're dining with royalty as the restaurant entry has a beautiful staircase and the walls and floors are decked with red and gold Persian tapestry, curtains and rugs. Love the vibe, it can be considered a nice place to bring the family or a date. But there were definitely many families there the night we went. Service was impeccable even thought it was busy, our waitress Nicole was very sweet and attentive! Now on to the food...My friends were visiting from California and we had spent the whole day eating around Scottsdale and I had been forewarned about the large serving sizes so we knew to order little. Still, the three of us ended up ordering a Kashk O'Bademjan, Osh E'Reshteh, and a Beef and Chicken Koobideh a la carte... Wow, I'm actually drooling right now! The Kashk for those who don't know is like a roasted eggplant spread with whey and topped with fried onions. It typically has a little bit of yogurt in it to make it creamier (and in my opinion, tastier). The kashk here didn't have much yogurt, if any so it had a more concentrated eggplant flavor. I actually think it tasted more like curried eggplant, but regardless it was delicious! The Ash was also delicious, very hearty with all the vegetables and easy on the noodles (which I prefer). It was thick enough to put on our plate and eat with pita rather than eat it as a soup. The koobideh was BOMB, I prefer the ground meat to steak because its easier to eat and absorbs a lot more flavor, but it really depends on my mood. But both the chicken and beef were flavorful and moist. We quickly ran out of pita bread so decided to order a side of rice (haha we really should just have ordered an entree) and it was a huge serving! We had to order another koobideh just so we could take it home as leftovers mmm..The meal came with a plate of basil, cilantro and raw onion as well. I love to tear up the raw basil and mix it in with my rice and top it all off with the sumac they leave on every table. Overall, I thought the food was excellent :DPrices were perfect for the amount of food you get! For 3 people and 2 alc. drinks, Osh, Kashk Obadmejan, 3 koobideh, a side of rice and a side of Tahini bill came out to 52 bucks. And we went home with plenty of left overs!I guess the only downside I saw was that the bathroom was tiny for such a big restaurant! They should really try to make it bigger because I had to wait in line a while; they has 2 stalls. Other than that I enjoyed the food and the vibe and I will most definitely be back!
4	Went there last week for the second time.  I felt i should give them a second try before I give them a bad review.  Luckily, the experience was much better the second time.  The food is tasty and some items are very large portions.  The big problems are with the staff.  Make sure you grab and hold your server to make sure you have their attention or there will be mistakes with your order.  The soup/osh (sp?) is ok but very small portion for the price.  I got the combination kebabs which was chicken, ground beef and filet and it was perfectly served over basmati long grain rice and grilled roma tomato. My friend was encouraged to order a dinner salad with her "Persian pasta".  She thought it was very bland.  But what surprise us was that when the pasta arrived, there was a side of salad with it.  This trip, the server was very prompt which was a 180 degree from our last visit.  But couldn't help being troubled by his hipster attempts and over the top familiarity which included winking at me or giving me thumbs up as he is walking away to put our order in.  I would not consider this to be a Fine dining establishment but the food is tasty so I recommend it.  Depending on what you get and portion sizes, priced can be considered a bargain or too high so ask to make sure you choose correctly.  We both liked our meals flavor and had we gotten better service, I would have given the place 5 stars which is huge considering the horrible experience I had the first time.
5	I'm not really a big fan of Mediterranean/ Iranian (and im iranian, lol) food so I'm very picky about the food. My order here is always the same and they always deliver it well!The gheimeh stew which is phenomenal! With half shirazi salad and half rice. The rice is super fluffy and delicious. I love basmati rice. The shirazi salad is perfect! Just the right amount of spices and lemon! However, I've heard almost everything is delicious on the menu, especially the filet mignon. The staff is really nice also and price is decent! The place is super gorgeous! Doo dooo dooo Iran! (Iranian chant)
5	We loved Eddie, and his very appeasing accent. He was very good and so comedic. Great service, great food, and great ambiance, and would recommend this restaurant to everyone. He made for a great evening and we loved his accent and comedic ways!
5	Great Persian restaurant!  Tasty rich food, great friendly service and nice decor.  What else can you ask for?  Try their combination platters...all meats have great flavors, tender and well presented.  When it says it serves 2 people, there are actually enough food for 3-4.  Don't forget to save room for desserts!  Persian (rose water) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite!!  It also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday!
5	I have eaten at many Mediterranean Restaurants in Arizona, aside from other states and overseas. The Persian Room is, by far, one of the best in Arizona, if not The Best. You will find a mixed crowd there and it is as casual as you want it to be. From large parties celebrating an occasion, business meetings, families, couples and friends, everyone is welcome. Now back to the food...I have had several dishes including the Chicken Filet Sultani, Barg, Sultani, Naderi, and Gyros, and all were wonderful. All seasoned well and very tender. To start off, the Tah Dig (crispy rice) topped with Gheimeh stew is delicious. You can have that alone as a meal, but most parties start with this as an appetizer, along with Shirazi Salad. Most meals are served with Basmati Rice and you can choose Shirazi Salad to accompany it. If you go after 5pm, you will have the opportunity to try their freshly baked pita bread, as well. My absolute favorite entree is the Koobideh (seasoned ground beef and minced onions). It is the best I have ever had. Just be forewarned, the portions are large. So be prepared to take half your dish home, which is just as good the next day. All in all, the service is wonderful and the food is outstanding. If you have yet to try Mediterranean food, why not start with the best...OR try someplace else and then try The Persian Room to compare. You can thank me later. ;)
5	Excellent in every way.
5	Persian is my favorite cuisine and they have the best koobideh I've tried as well as excellent fresh pita, hummus, and baba ghanouj. Prices are high because the portions are large, and they are not a place to go if you want to eat healthy or share (they charge to split). They give basil and onion with their pita which pair well with the hummus. Very good food, but a little too formal imo.
4	Huge portions and consistently good! Always crowded. I take my young kids there who love the food and the wait staff is so accommodating to clean up their mess even though I always offer.
5	You definitely won't go hungry here!! The atmosphere was nice. The people were even nicer. It can be casual but you might want to put on something a little more special to dine here, plus it makes you feel good to dress up. The food was outstanding! The value to portion ratio at dinner is insane, I suggest fasting before eating here. You will get two large meals out of it. I was so hoping to try dessert after Yelps recommendations but I will have to control myself next time to fit that in. The bread is delivered to your table shortly after coming out of the oven & is warm & delicious. There were a few large groups that had laughter oozing from the tables which made it a fun experience. We can't wait to go again!
5	The perfect business or executive lunch. Speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress. Cannot recommend any scottsdale or phoenix restaurant more highly for lunch service. The portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality. The Persian Room is certainly a gem in the East Valley, with comparable quality to Los Angeles' best. Great wine and desert selections, especially the roulette. It is very light and goes great with tea to complete that perfect traditional Persian feast!
3	Wanted to try this place for a long time. Sat in the upstairs loft which is kind of weird, with a very long flight of stairs to get up there.  The food was great. The lamb entrees were all excellent and large portions. Service was just OK and very confused at times. I would go back but definitely sit downstairs. Maybe the service would be better there.
5	This place has my favorite food in the Phoenix area.  And, if you like grilled meats, hummus and rice you will love it, too.Disclaimer: I'm not a connoisseur of the depth of traditional Persian foods - I'm just a regular girl who loves her meats, veggies and rice. If it's your first time I HAVE to recommend you try the Barg - beef or chicken, they are both amazing.  The meats are tender and full of flavor.  The hummus here is one of my very favorites and the dipping bread they make on-site is perfect - even whole grain recently.  As for the rice, if you like tartness (think cranberries with a twist) I recommend upgrading your rice on the dish to the Zereshk - it's amazing.  The little red spice they offer on the table (Sumac) has a very slight lemon flavor and accents both the meat and the rice wonderfully.  I also sometimes order the koobideh - think meatloaf with lots of flavor.  I've not liked that in many Persian places but here is it very good.The only hazard I have for you is that the portions are huge, so plan to have leftovers.  Highly recommended!
4	Visited The Persian Room for our Special Anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted warmly and offered a very romantic table for two on the first level.We started off with the Chicken Eggplant Barani and with the hot pita that was served made for a very satisfying appetizer.  Two Entrees we ordered were the Chicken & Koobideh Barg and the Gheimeh bademjan.  Both were very flavorful but the Barg was certainly by far much better.  We upgraded our rice to the Zereshk  as per the prior reviews and it was wonderful.Overall we have a great time.  The next time we might just decide to order an appetizer and then share an entree since it truly is alot of food.
5	Best Persian food in AZ!
4	It was my first time having Persian food, but it won't be my last. I loved the meal!
4	Persian room definitely doesn't disappoint.  I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and I always leave full with a takeout box.
5	Great price, nice ambiance, and delicious food. The chicken kabob was very tender and juicy. The meat platter is a must!
2	Food was just okay. They serve dinner on serving platters which is way too much food. Waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on. Felt like he was rushing us and just wanted us to pay the bill and leave. Not sure we will go back.
4	Yum, yum, yum, YUM. What can I say? I love lamb. The Persian Room is the perfect place to go on a quiet date, a family get-together, whatever. All of the food is absolutely delicious. There are all different types of rices you can order with your main feature; my favorite is the one that comes with sour cherries.The service is always great and everyone seems to be genuinely happy to be there. You should try the eggplant hummus with the fresh basil and pita they bring out. So, so good. Service and food times can take a little longer here due to demand, so I'd make sure you're planning on making an evening of it. Enjoy!
5	Brought some friends over here and our server Sultan was the BEST server. If you come here please ask for Sultan's service because he will treat you well.
5	Large portions, nice people. I recommend the streak and chicken with-rice more than the pasta. Love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs.
5	I love the Hummus from here! I do not like their food. I go quite often but,  to only eat the Hummus! Delicious!
4	Always love this place. I stopped in with my girlfriend after a long day... Amazing food like usual... Never disappointed!!! Try it out!!!
5	Jubi!  Loved the food. They certainly know how to properly prepare Iranian food.We had the most delicious:Fenesjan (pomegranate walnut stew served with rice)Khask Bademjan -  sp? (fried eggplant blended into a spread, served hot toped with fried onions and mint and dried whey)Yogurt Dip with cucumbers - Forgive me I forgot how to say this in farsi.... They cook the rice perfectly, coming out how it should - not too moist, not to dry, lighlty scented - long grains - fluffy and zero mush consistency. Perfection.They freshly make bread.... everything is fresh. The place is a bit old school decorated... but really feels like you are walking into an elegant persian home. I saw a sign for upstairs some sort of happy hour discount something, but only for those sitting upstairs. Worth investigating. Food is not cheap, but they do it right and it is delicious. Also - after dinner check out the market next door. It is open late and if you are lucky, the owner will give you a sample of a baked sesame nut sweet bread.
5	This place makes my short list of great ethnic restaurants. I get to Scottsdale frequently and this is my 2nd visit to the Persian Room. I will definitely be coming back. I am not an expert on food from this culture but I know what I like. So far, nothing here has disappointed. The service is friendly, helpful, polite and has just the right amount of guidance for people like me that are not that familiar with this type of food. We were served by Nico and she was right on with her suggestions. She represents the front of the house very well and my group felt welcome and well attended to by her. The menu is almost overwhelming because of all the choices but everything I tasted was delicious. Hummus and Stuffed Grape Leaves were a couple of favorites as was the house-made flat bread that comes straight out of their oven to the table. The Koobideh and the Chicken Barg were some mains that are recommended and a word to the wise...the portions are quite large. Surprisingly so given the reasonable prices for ethnic authenticity. This is not fancy, fine dining but it does get 5 stars from me because it has the total package: Great front-house staff, great food, and great execution of the entire meal. Anyone that does not enjoy themselves here either is a food coward or needs to be on anti-depressants. Looking forward already to my next visit!
4	I came here for dinner one night during the week. We started off with a few appetizers including the ta diq (sp?). It was so delicious; I've never had anything like it! Everyone's entrees were huge and delicious. Can't wait for my leftovers!
4	I couldn't help but to notice how many middle-eastern people of many different regions are eating here. When eating any type of ethnic food, even Mexican, I want to see a ton of people of that particular ethnicity eating and enjoying the food. First time there a while back and it was delicious and of course the portions are generous. The lamb is money as long as you don't want it burnt...the rice with raisins, dates and lentils was a surprise and the fresh naan...hellyeah!!!
4	Yum!  I have driven by this place so many times and finally met a coworker here for lunch last month.  The decor is a little dated, but still nice.  We were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent.  The prices were really reasonable, the portions were generous and the food was absolutely delicious.  The beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything I like.  I will definitely be back!
4	The food was delicious. But the service was poor.  Waiting time for food was longer then expected for a Tuesday night.
4	I had lunch here with my manager one afternoon. We were seated quickly and the service was alright. My manager introduced me to the onion/mint/butter/pita combo which I found amazing and could have eaten just that. We also ordered some hummus to share, which was very flavorful. For my meal, I had the Chicken filet sultani which is a TON of food. A lot of food but very very good. I could only eat about half and had the rest later that evening for dinner. I'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more.
5	Service at the Persian Room was excellent. They have a very large menu specializing in various kabobs, but there are seafood and vegetarian options as well. There dolmeh and hummus is fantastic, and the traditional flatbread with basil, butter and onion was so delicious! A great place for large parties.
4	for a friend's birthday celebration, we met up at the Persian Room. the decor and service here have a very high end feeling without the ridiculous prices. our server was expertly professional. when i had a question about whether or not to order a dish, he said "try it. if you don't like, i'll bring you something else." i thought that was an excellent way of treating a customer. i had a new dish on the menu....heavy on the rice (which was cooked just perfectly), it had peas, baby mushrooms, beans, and lentils simmered in a tomato based sauce. it was a huge dish and i could only eat about half. i enjoyed the savoriness of the tomato sauce. also of note, the app they bring out of basil, cilantro, onion and bread....not something i would normally consider, but it was very tasty. with a side of their ultra dreamy creamy hummus and it was deeeelicious! what a nice meal!
5	This is some of the best food in town. It's incredibly flavorful, authentic and healthy. The portions serve two, at least - between that and the high quality, it's a great deal! The first thing you notice is that the place looks absolutely luxurious, a lovely example of Persian finery, and the prices don't include a surcharge for that :-) The service is always excellent - friendly and knowledgable, and high-end like the decor.I highly recommend the Zuresk Pollo (rice with saffron and barberries) and the mahi mahi. The humus is creamy and superb - definitely a must-try!Every table is served fresh-baked pita-type bread with a side of basil, raw onion and butter (amazing combination if you're adventurous, and the bread is wonderful on its own if you're not feeling adventurous.Dine in or take-out, you'll be glad you went! Enjoy!!
1	Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!  The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food. When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready?".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of bread/butter. The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplant/okra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay. My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless. Not worth the price. We will never return!Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
5	The decor is gorgeous and it isn't too loud inside. We ordered the hummus and this is reason enough to go there. It was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita. The Lamb kabob was delicious too, and it came out very fast! We had leftovers and we ate them all the next day.
4	This is my favorite restaurant in town.  The food is authentically prepared, they have generous portions and the restaurant is big and comfortable.  I go there often and always like the food.  Try the hummus and chicken kabobs !
2	My family always enjoyed the food but lately the service as well as the food has not been too consistent.  You used to get a bed of greens with basil but few times only was cilantro. Ordered the Bagla polo rice and got cherrie rice and white rice, ordered a plat of grilled onions but got a few pieces in a large plat.   Tonight was a disappointing dinner:-(.
5	"As Good As it Gets !!"  The Kabob here are as authentic Persian as it can get.  This is from two of my dining 1st generation Persia born and raised friends who are discriminate about their Kabob.  Persian Room is owned by a Persian family and this their second restaurant in the area. Their head cook has been with them for 12 years or so now.  This means a history of consistency. Our meal consisted of Beef, Lamb, Chicken kabob accompanied by Eggplant curry, Vegetable dish, Steaming bread, and Jasmine rice ( plain as well as one with mixed berry seeds ) and stuffed grape leaves. We also had orders of the yoghurt drink - nothing like the sweet lassi you get an Indian restaurants.The food was far more than the 4 in my dining party in fact we couldn't even finish half of the amount. Each bite of every kabob, is juicy, moist, and perfectly balanced in aromatics and fresh taste.  The portions are traditional large serving and meant to be shared. The perfection in flavor is indescribably amazing.  There is no beating around the bush - kabob here are perfect!!! The ambiance evokes Persian feel in the interior architecture and decor of large chandelier, Persian rigs depicting historical figures hanging on the walls, an aura of inviting family atmosphere on the Mai floor and a more cozy private feel upstairs by a fully stocked bar.  Our serving staff were as courteous and attentive as can be.  This place would be a great one to host a Yelp event where the attendees could be taken on a gastronomical tour of Persian cuisine.  My hat off to the owners of Persian Room for achieving such dining experience for those coming in through its doors
5	Persian room special is a great value!!! $39.99
4	Very busy night at this restaurant so we sat outside. Only one waitress for the whole patio and service was slow but when the huge platter of food arrived we quickly forgave the wait.
1	A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint?  A middle eastern restaurant without mint? They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 3/4 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 3/4 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else?  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What?  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really?  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass?  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans?.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 1/2 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back?  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered?  Where were these the first time around?  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know? No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".  What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
5	My friends say it's a typical Persian restaurant with the decor, the dim lighting and running waterfall sounds. The food was excellent. I don't know much about Persian cuisine but my Persian friends were really excited about what the Persian room had to offer. They give you these flatbread type bread that's freshly baked and served with cilantro onion basil and butter. We ordered the homemade yogurt drink which you can order it flat or sparkling. I tasted both and preferred the flat. And I ordered a 34. The sultani. It had beef, chicken and like a ground meat. The flavors were amazing on the bismati rice! The chicken was just tender and juicy. The entire meal is filling and large making it hard to not take home leftovers. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone craving kabobs and to experience Persian culture.
3	It's above average, does not live up to my expectation having experienced outstanding Iranian grill in California. Portions are generous. Fresh baked flat bread is fantastic. Chicken koobideh is very good. Beef koobideh has been minced in a food processor and does not have a traditional texture of a koobideh, but it's very tasty. Chairs and tables are due for a refinish.
5	Delicious!! :) got seats within five minutes of arriving. Service was top-notch and atmosphere was great!  Portions are huge, can definitely get one order for two people.Not an ideal place for kids but perfect for dates, family gatherings, or any special occasion :)
5	You just can't get better food for your money.  Filet kebab just melts in your mouth and the chicken filet kebab is to die for.  As for fesenjan, well I've died and gone to heaven.  The service is great and we always have food to take home and eat the next day.  No better food in town, literally.  I'm hungry just writing this.
1	Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
4	Place was right next door to the hotel I was staying at and was in the the mood for some middle eastern food. This place hit the spot food was good as was the service.  Definitely would go back next time I'm in Scottsdale!
2	They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I can say this is THE BEST PERSIAN food you can find around here. In fact, Im ready to go out on a limb and declare, its the best Persian food Ive had!  My favorites are the beef kubedeh and barg. Their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well. Dont forget to try their ice cream
1	Ordered #35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
1	My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.The waiter never checked on us. And how do you eat chunks of raw onion with basil and bread? Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
3	went here with a friend- the food was exceptionally mediocre. I am not sure who is giving the 5 stars, since it was over priced and quality was just ok. Need to have Persian food in LA to know how good it can get.
3	I am probably biased when I review Persian Room. We've always gone in a large group and the service is usually incredibly slow (not sure by chance or purely because of service). The food is hit and miss.. the portions are pretty sizeable. I wouldn't call it the greatest place for vegetarians.. Those food options are not good.My favorites: 1. Persian room appetizer platter: Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi.2. Chicken Barg3. Chicken Kebab
4	I forgot how awesome this place is. I used to come for lunch with vendors back in the day, and made a last minute decision to book reservations for NYE. The place was absolutely packed, but we got our table about 10 minutes after our scheduled reservation which wasn't bad. My crew of people were loving the food, and we were completely stuffed. We had food to bring home and it was just as good the next day! Love this place and can't wait to go back!!
5	Absolutely the BEST persian restaurant in Arizona. I'm persian and from Los Angeles, I know good persian food. This is definitely GOOD PERSIAN FOOD.Also, the restaurant itself is very beautiful.
4	Wonderful experience, a little pricey.
5	Sultani was amazing .. We came here Saturday night for dinner and food was amazing , but it was super busy and quite abit of wait but well worth it .
5	I love this place for both food and atmosphere.  It's a great place to share dishes with friends.  The servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different.
5	This place is amazing.... Everything we had from alcohol n apps to desert was tender, fresh, and delicious! I had the #16, we all shared the combination appetizer, and had baklava and the Persian pastry ... So good! The chicken and baklava were my two favorites but it was all really good. I will be back for sure. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food!
4	Yum. My dad got a gift card and took us. Lucky us. We split a bunch of stuff and had a ton of leftovers. I would recommend the beef koobideh. Cooked perfectly. They bring out pita bread and a plate with onions, butter, and basil and I'm not quite sure what to do with it.
5	Long over due review. I moved to AZ from LA two years ago my  girlfreind  introduced me to this place and I have been hooked ever since!! It's up there with the best Persian restaurants in LA!! And the best part... they are always  consistent with the food quality!!!
5	Yum yum yum !!! This place rocks, so fresh and delicious totally satisfies!! The Jumna is perfect not to thick and seasoned just right, the iced tea is nice and dark very fresh tasting.  The pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good.  I had the chicken & beef combo so Delish !!! I'll deff be back.  My waiter was very courteous
4	Usually great service. The only thing I will order is the chicken barg with the rice that has dates and lentils in it, but that's only because  I love that dish so much. The hummus is great. The only downside is the fresh pita is only made after 5 sometimes after 530, otherwise the pita is not as good.  Nice, calm atmosphere. Not the type of place to go if you're looking for a fun dinner. Perfect for families or small gatherings that want to enjoy a conversation over a meal.
5	Honestly, the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Arizona. Patron this place once every couple of months and often in large groups for get togethers.Chicken and beef kubideh is amazing, combination platters for 2 will be enough food for 3-4. Get an appetizer platter, it's so delicious and very healthy. Two varieties of Hummus and they are both good, dolma really melts in your mouth, and the bread is so fresh. Oh, and the beef strips are AMAZING.Waiters are always pleasant and helpful.
5	As Arnold says, "I'll be back." Great experience culturally and an adventure for my taste buds. Portions are ginormous. Got the chicken and Mahi combo for two. Fulfilling  for dinner and enough for leftovers. Service was good and food was piping hot off the grill. Seasoning was special and on point. Next time I need to leave room to try dessert.
5	Awesome Persian food. Probably the best I've had in a long time. I'm not Persian but I'm intimately familiar with the culture, food, and speak the language.  You know this place is a good Persian place when you can order tadhig as an appetizer. That's clue number one. Clue number two is the inordinate amount of Persians speaking fluently in Farsi while eating. Clue number three is the owner, also Persian, at the front greeting people. The food itself was amazing. Great rice, perfect amount of saffron, etc. We had the barg kabab and koobideh. Both were worth it. Highly recommend this place.
5	We love the Persian Room for special dinners, birthdays, valentines day, etc.  it does not disappoint and we have been eating here for at least 8 years.  The food is awesome both in portion size and quality.  Most recently, our chicken was so moist and flavorful that it was the star of the meal.  The freshly baked pita is always wonderful but the real accolades should be given to the special rice.  The barberry rice is splendid, the cherry rice exotic and flavorful, the dill and bean rice very light and delicious.I am gluten free and most things on the menu can work for me.The only reservation I have and wish I could have awarded four and one half stars was that our waitress was a little too intrusive.  We know she was striving to be friendly and do her job well, but she was just a little too chatty and we we would have preferred it if she left us to ourselves a bit more.  This is an anomaly, in our experience, however, and may be due to the fact that we were early diners and she had nowhere else to focus her energies.The dining room is very beautiful, don't miss the ceiling and the fountain.  We have never been upstairs but that is probably very luxurious as well.  Prices are very good and value for money on portion size.  We always take home enough for at least one additional meal.
5	I love taking visitors here because the decor Is beautiful and the food is delicious. It's a bit pricey so it's not something I'll eat too often, but it is well worth the visit. The yogurt and cucumber appetizer is delish as is the hummus. The bread is amazing! Try not too get too full off of it before the main meal because the food comes in big portions. Their lamb dishes are one of my faves. But I usually get one of the combo plates to share with a friend and to try a bit of everything. Would def recommend!
5	I have been returning to this restaurant for a littler over 10 years.  The quality is excellent and the food taste is consistent. Waiting staff is attentive and prompt enough.  The portions are large and one dish can be easily split for 2 people, or have enough for doggie-bag for another feast.The noise level is rather loud, but then there are multitude of diners especially during meal rush hours. This is not a place for impressing someone for the first meeting. The establishment is perfect for family style dining and large group banquets. They actually make their own pita bread on the spot and the taste is phenomenal. My favorite is either Chicken & Fillet Sultanni, or Rack of Lamb. I do like to finish off my meal with their Turkish Coffee and it too is excellent.Price is on the higher side, but the value couldn't be better.
4	Been here multiple times with friends, family, and date night with the hubby.  YUMMY.  The ambiance is definitely different, feels like you are not in Scottsdale anymore for sure.  We have always been seated downstairs, which is basically a very large room with intricate decorations.  I am obsessed with the bread that comes automatically, delicious bread with toppings (onion, basil, butter) - you just put all that on top and eat it.  SOO good.  I also love the Tahdig (crispy crusty rice with toppings) and the Yogurt and garlic dip.  Delicious and a traditional Persian delicacy.  I only gave four starts because the entrees I've ordered have been average to above average and mostly remind me of other mediterranean restaurants I've been to all throughout the United States.  I've had the Loobia Polo & Koobideh and my husband gets the Chicken Barg.  Both are pretty good, and the meat is of very good quality and taste great, just nothing super special or different.  Regardless, we've always been super satisfied and had great service so I would definitely recommend, especially for those adventurous (but not too adventurous) eaters looking to try different types of cuisine.
4	A feast can certainly be had at the Persian Room. It's perfect for a large groups, the portions are huge! I think this was first Persian food experience and this spot was highly recommended by a Persian buddy. I was pleasantly surprised by the the complimentary lavosh (spelling?) bread served with basil, parsley, white onion and butter. Basically pile it on the bread, rollIt up and enjoy! We also ordered the hummus with eggplant, Delish! Next we ordered Tahdeek with two toppings I can't recall. The kabob platter with lamb, chicken and koobideh was equally tasty and plenty for three people. The shirazi salad was a refreshing side too. The entire meal was beyond satisfying. Our server Jason was wonderful and he kept the tea coming all night long. Looking forward to a return visit to try the Mahi Mahi!
5	The kubideh platter was amazing. The meat was tender and juicy. Service was great and they were really friendly. Dish was $15 but so worth it. Would come again!
4	Crowded for lunch, and that was good to see.  Free appetizers of fresh pita bread, white sweet onion, and basil and cilantro and butter is incredible. I had Beef Gyros, and my wife ordered Koobidah, which was very tasty. Service was good, ambiance good, and I look forward to going for dinner in the very near future.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary lunch date and fell in love with it right away! The design in this restaurant is breathtaking! We ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting! Our main courses were the chicken kabob plate and the beef kabob plate. The portions are HUGE so I suggest sharing with someone. It took awhile for the bread to come out but I understand because it was freshly getting baked. Our waiter had a very blank personality and rarely checked up on us. Overall I would come back because simply their food is amazing!
4	We've been meaning to go here for a while and finally stopped in for dinner.  We had a very nice experience: great food, very good service and quite reasonable prices.  For some reason, I had been under the impression that this was an expensive restaurant and it's not at all.  Portions are ginormous.  We shared a Tahdig and a single entree of lamb shank (which included 2 enormous lamb shanks for $20) and we took half of our food home, all for less than 50 bucks with a tip.Highly recommended.
4	Worth trying
3	Had the lamb shish kabab.  It was fair.  Not seasoned very well and the lamb was marinated too long, poor texture. The cherry rice was good and the service excellent.
4	We tried the Persian tour plate for three it had fillet mignon kebab, a mixture of ground beef minced onions and seasonings a mixture of ground beef kebab and a Cornish hen kebab. We also had the Persian room appetizer platter. The hummus was wonderful, it had a Suszycki type of yogurt and wonderful stuffed grape leaves! All of the different flavors were very fresh and unique! We will definitely be going back
4	I don't know why I don't come here more often.  They have a pretty good deal for happy hour.  Our last visit was for our International Super Club night.  I ended up coveting the dishes around me.  My hubby had the fesenjan, and it was really good.  He called it a persian mole.  Monica had a grilled chicken dish that looked delicious.  The tahdig was so yummy with all the hummus and baba ganoush.  I think their happy hour is until 8p.m. and they offer specials upstair on their drinks and appetizers.  I guess I need to make another trip to the Persian Room very soon.
5	The Persian Room was the place picked for April's International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) and I have to say this place was amazing! After checking in with the hostess we were shown to our table, which was upstairs next to the bar, we were a party of 16 and we didn't take up all the room. Pretty nice sized place, plus when checking in the party before us was also another huge party of 13, so the Persian Room for sure can handle larger dinner parties, if looking for a place to take a group.Service is impeccable, Sultan and our servers took care of our table, every need was met, every drink refilled, you can tell they take pride in service here.1st brought out to the table was small plates with half an white onion sliced, fresh mint, basil , butter on it  and bread (pita) and I can honestly tell you, it was amazing, everything blended well together, and since I wasn't kissing anyone that night bring on the onions I say haha. Everything on the menu looks heavenly but for this trip I went with the Chicken Shish, thick chunks of marinated chicken breast grilled with bell peppers, onions and tomatoes and basmati rice.   The chicken was grilled perfectly, it was tender, juicy and full of flavor added with the peppers & onions and grilled tomatoes, this was outstanding, I ate it all! It was soo good!  But fair warning, portions are huge.   I truly enjoyed the company of everyone, the food and the service,  I have to say personally this was one of my favorite ISCUYE's to date, and will be coming back often to try everything on the menu.
5	Persian room is excellent!  I love going here!  Their saffron rice is excellent.  I have had variations of the lamb, chicken and beef--all very tasty!  I have never had a bad meal at Persian Room.  The atmosphere is elegant.
5	Thankfully, the Persian Room has met my expectations successfully, and proved to be a good representative for a Persian/Iranian Restaurant in the west. I recommend this restaurant for many reasons, one of them; they are sticking with the same kind of food in I.R. Iran and you would enjoy the seasons on it without any kind of spices and the service there are very friendly and they would be more than welcome if you asked them about their culture. However, the restaurant is a little bit pricey so you better go to it when you are hungry to exploit every penny you throw there.
5	Ah-mazing!!!! First time eating Iranian food and definitely won't be the last :) The bread with herbs was amazing. We got a platter with chicken, filet and ground beef...the portions were HUGE. Definitely more for three people. Drinks were mediocre but strong. Will definitely be back again soon!
1	Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
4	April 2014 International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) met here for dinner.  This was the anniversary of Monica O and I organizing the Yelp PHX International Supper Club and I'm so happy that we come here.  AFter a couple  of minutes, we were greeted at the front door and seated at an upstairs table - conveniently located next to the bar.  Kudos to the Persian Room for being THE restaurant with the BEST and most ATTENTIVE service in the 13 months that our group has been meeting.  We usually have from about 15- 30 people to attend.  IN this case, we were some place in the middle.  A large group that was waited on by 3 very attentive people.  I liked this - A LOT.  3 people helped to make things go more smoothly and efficiently. I can't say enough about how happy I was with the quality of their service.  In addition to our large party, there was another large birthday party in the downstairs dining room that was being seated at the time that we were being seated.  This is an awesome place for a large party.Their happy hour lasts until about 7 or 7:30(Insanely late), so I am pretty sure that most of us ordered more than expected because all of their appetizers are half price during the happy hour.  I ordered a very delicious Chicken eggplant borani as my appetizer and shared it with the table.  Several others ordered appetizers and shared too.  My favorite was the Yogurt and Garlic Dip.  YIKES.  That stuff was great.  Becca H ordered that and she was sitting right beside me.  I felt like a little kid sneaking someone's food.  I just kept dipping in her Yogurt/Garlic Dip.  (LOL - TWSS).I ordered a small side salad for my main course since the Chicken Eggplant Borani was enough to feed an army.  The side salad was just fine.  This also happened to be 2nd least expensive #ISCUYE!  I was happy with that.My return factor for this place is 90%.
5	One of our favorite restaurants. Used to always order the #16 but since I don't eat chicken anymore I order the Mahi Mahi. Delicious! I'm not a big rice fan but I love their basmati/Jasmine goodness. Heck, my favorite thing about the place is probably the warm, freshly baked bread, butter, basil and onion combo. Perfect. On the pricey side but there's always leftovers! Warning: your fridge will smell funky but the food tastes just as good if not better the next day.
1	i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside. i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
5	An amazing restaurant, great atmosphere, great service, and great food. It's a faviourt when taking clients out for lunch.
4	Love the Persian Room. Excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room.  The fresh basil, butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious. Great service!
5	Best Kabobs on Planet Phoenix!  Great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around!
2	Food was great, but HORRIBLE service!Walked in the door, I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Hostess was on the phone. Didn't even say "hi" or "be with you in a minute" I just stood there until 1 of the waiters finally sat me down.  I'm not gonna get into details. Just work on your service.
5	Service was great and server was informative. The bread is amazing. Portions are huge and the filet and chicken dish with the basmati rice was fantastic. We had a party of four and everyone loved their dish. Very surprising interior based on the exterior. I can't wait to go back.
4	This place BLEW MY SOCKS OFF!  Better than I anticipated.Food was excellent, the service was great and the value is certainly there.  Solid place and our server Jamie (server #458) was great!
5	VEGETARIAN DISH is tasty.We only get the Persian Room Appetizer Platter (Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi) WITHOUT the yogurt.It is very tasty and a nice meal for two.
5	we LOVE this place :)The pita bread with accompaniments is excellent!The portions are easily shared.The ambiance is elegant without being stuffy!Great value - LOVE this place :)
5	Holy Moly this place is good... My only advice is to order a dish to split and maybe and appetizer. The portions are huge. Service is wonderful. Seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable.
4	Chicken shish kebab, eggplant borani, hummus, zeresh polo, lamb shanks, Persian ice cream. This place has good food and generous servings.
5	Best place to eat in AZ
5	The best Persian food in Arizona. Only a home cooked meal by an Iranian might beat it. You can never go wrong with the beef or lamb kabob and the service is always spot on. If you are new to persian food, don't be shy when it comes to questions. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and eager to offer menu suggestions.
5	When I think of delicious and filling comfort food, Persian Room is one of the first places that comes to mind. I have eaten here many times over the years and the experience has never been anything but exceptional. It's not cheap but not overall expensive and the portions served are enough for multiple meals.I have had many different dishes but. A few of my favorites are:1. The hummus and eggplant appetizer served withy their fresh made delicious flag bread.2. Beef koobideh. My wife loves the chicken but I prefer the beef. It's a long piece of seasoned ground beef. Sounds boring but is absolutely amazing. I actually like it more then the filet skewer. Totally savory and mouth watering.3. The chicken barg. Simple dish but they manage to make chicken breast juicy, flavorful, and perfect. I don't often order chicken at restaurants but I crave this stuff.The nice part about this place is you can order combos of pretty much anything. Again, the portions are huge so we always end up having leftovers. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it...
5	Great Persian food. Be prepared to be totally satisfied!
2	Persian room is a great place with notable portions which equates to lunch the next day.However, if you get anything to go, the portions are severally reduced; with the exception of the rice. I would've taken back if I didn't live 20 min north .The portion of Persian macaroni was laughable for the price, and the tour of Persia at almost $40 was borderline fraud.If you want Persian, eat in house, not to go.
5	The best Persian food I have had in the country.  A fabulous gem right here in The Valley rivaling top Persian restaurants in NY, LA, Chicago.  Lucky to have them here.  Management is absolutely committed to quality food and a quality experience.
5	Best Persian food in AZ!! LOVE the food and the great service...
5	My girlfriend and I have been talking about going here and decided to make a go of it for our birthdays.  First of all we went on a Saturday night.  We made reservations via Open Table.  When we got to the restaurant don't let the exterior fool you. The location is tucked away in the corner of a small plaza. But when you walk into the place you would never know how big it is just by passing by.  It's two stories actually.  Our Persian experience was started with a basket of fresh Persian bread and basil, mint, and white onions.  I could smell the Persian bread being baked and it was so good.  Very similar to a tortilla or lavash.  We then ordered the yogurt and cucumber dip and that was tasty as well.  You got a nice size serving and accompanied us into our meal.  Next we move on to our meals.  What to chose?  What to chose?  They have single serving entrees and entrees for two and three.  Very reasonably priced as well.  We ordered the number 50 and my girlfriend and her husband ordered number 51.  Number 50 is a combination of beef and chicken shish and koobideh.  Number 51 is a combination of lamb shish, chicken filet, and koobideh.  Both platters came with and huge serving of basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.  For dessert we wanted to finish off the meal with a Persian delight.  We are both Greek and opted not to go for the baklava or cheesecake since we can get those anywhere. We asked our waitress for a recommendation and she suggested the Persian ice cream.  It was ok.  The flavor was very different.  It's was vanilla ice cream with something else in it that was a very different flavor.  I don't know if I'll order that again.  In closing I have to say that I would jump on the chance to come here again.  It was worth the hour drive from Gilbert.  The place was packed and people were waiting for tables.  The other thing that I really appreciated is that we were not rushed through our night.  I loved that.  And as I looked around all the other tables were not rushed either.  So many restaurants you go to anymore are into turning tables.  Get them in and get them out.  I didn't feel that way at all here.  One final comment.  Both my husband and I commented on the fact that neither one of us felt bloated after our meal.  All too often we go out and eat and feel so miserable afterwards from the traditionally commercially prepared menus.  This was a true "feel good" meal.
5	Amazing food, Amazing service :)
5	this is a great Persian restaurant. Food is great. my parents don't eat out ever, but this is the only place they will go to..the service is a bit slow but the good quality food makes it worth it.highly recommend it.
1	This place has went down the drain. From one of our favorite weekly visits to probably some of the worst customer service. Very disappointed to what this place has become
5	Holy moly this place is good. The server started us out with a pita basil and onion appetizer. We ordered dolmeh, (perfection), hummus (divine) and we split one of their combo platters of filet,  chicken and tibbeh with a rice dish and cucumber salad. Everything was fantastic and the server was very informative and helpful. We finished with the baklava and the homemade ice cream. The baklava was the best I've ever had. The ice cream was the only thing I tried that I didn't like. It was pistachio and rose water. Just not my thing. I will definitely be back.
4	Disclaimer.... I don't know jack about what Persian food should taste like.That said, I've tried a bunch of things here and never had a meal I disliked.  I'll pile on the list of compliments for the bread, butter, basil onion starter...yum.I've tried all the various koobidahs (sp?) and yum yet again.And then there's the rice.  For me, most if the time rice comes with one of my meals and I see it as something to take up the extra space on the plate.  Not here.  The rice is well cooked and typically combined with fruits and stuff (in idea what but damn it's good) to the point where I enjoying as much as the meat!But the best part for me is just walking into the place.  Not the decor, which is a little over the top, but the smell... Oh my god, it is like you just walked into a spice market, it is incredible!My best recommendation, if you have a friend that is into Persian food, or better yet a Persian friend, bring them along as your food shepa.  Absent a little knowledge the menu can be intimidatingly vague.I will be back again for a wonderful dining experience that is outside the norm for me.
3	Wasn't sure what to expect from the Persian Room, but I'm usually very fond of mediterranean foods, so I was looking forward to the visit.The service was good with ample warm baskets of pita.  Everyone at the table, though, agreed there was an unknown spice or two in the platters that tasted weird.  If you like rice, you'll get ample amounts of it with your order.  ( Too bad restaurants don't just serve one bowl of rice for the table.  I don't like that white mess on my plate.)  Considering how large the plates were, that's a lot of grain! Recommendations  - sampler appetizer platter: The hummus is yummy, but watch out for the Torshi.  It's marinated in extreme vinegar.   - Chicken eggplant borani: amazingly tastyThe veggie dishes are good too, but not fantastic.  I didn't take the leftovers.
4	This was a first experience for me, but it is now on my list of "go-to" places.  There was a lot of rice served with each dish, but it was cooked superbly - fluffy and light with the right spices and flavors.  My favorite part of the experience was the giant plate of whole herbs served with the starters.  I had to ask the server how to eat them, and he said "you just eat them" - which is exactly what happened.  The humus was very light, creamy, and delicious.
3	Not what I was expecting at all. The chicken my party ordered was dry and sad. The portions were big though, considering where they are located and their price you expect better quality.
4	If you want a TON of food (tasty, authentic food at that), then you must give this place a try!  I highly recommend splitting with someone because they will bring out a platter as big as a serving tray packed with rice and meat.  I kid you not.
5	Love love this place. I love everything on the menu here. Big portion sizes. Great service. Best Persian food in AZ. Actually best Persian food even if you want to compare LA, SF & Vegas.
5	This might sound a little weird but when I go to an "ethnic" restaurant I am usually cautious when the staff is "American" (I hope people catch my drift).  This restaurant has a very knowledgeable staff who can not only tell you about the menu but the background of the dish.  Our server gave us great recommendations on the food (which is also good as leftovers) and made sure to constantly check on us.  Now the food.  It was delicious. I've had my fair share of Persian/Mediterranean/Lebanese food and this place ranks up there. The hummus was creamy and the bread was a great free starter. Me and my girlfriend split the Persian Plate Combo (could be named something else) but it was more than enough food for two and every meat had great flavor.
5	Food has always been amazing if you like meat cooked to perfection and huge portions of rice this is the place to goMy gf and I get the combo chicken and beef it's always good Their lamb shanks are great Only downside is that their to go portions are smaller then when you eat at the restaurant
5	one of the best resurant ever , food to die for , big portion , amazing ambience. Soltani , zuresk polo
5	We we underdressed for this place, but they said it would be okay. Cordial and knowledgeable about all the ingredients. We had lots of questions and they had answers for us. They seem very proud of their cuisine and with good reason.  We returned later and bought some to go. This is a must visit place if you are in the area.
5	best persian restaurant I've been to in the US..Great service very clean and classy delicious foodfresh bread from ovenHummus is A MUST HAVE
4	I've wanted to try this place for a long time and glad I finally made it! If you haven't been here yet and wanted to try some good Persian food, this is a place for you, BUT, come hungry, the plates are huge, one dish for one is meant to share for two.This place has really high-end interior, with a fancy stair to the 2nd floor. You can call it classy, or I don't know, they are trying...Food was delicious! Eggplant hummus started very well for us, we could taste only a hint of eggplant, but good enough! Two of us also shared a plate of lamb and chicken with rice, both meat were nicely marinated, yet flavorful, and so tender! And the rice was very fluffy. Maybe we had too much hummus and pita, even with just one order of entree, we still had leftover. Again, portion here is big!!!Will definitely come back for me, but will always come with friends!
5	Everything is very delicious as always, not my first time and definitely NOT my last! The portion are huge so don't be afraid to share. It's great for kids and family night dinners. Food is always fresh & delicious!
5	Went to the Persian Room recently with my wife on date night.  We really enjoyed the food, the service, and the atmosphere at the restaurant.  Probably the best hummus ever, and the main dishes were very generous in serving size and the quality was perfect!A definite return visit is called for!
5	Persian Room is that type of place you go back. I actually never dined in, always go takeout and boy, are they amazing! Takeout food is usually subpar, but at Persian Room, it's probably as good! And the garlic yogurt! They give you a whole container of it, so you have enough for the leftovers the next day. That place is simply perfect!
5	Excellent place for food. Tried the beef, it's wonderful. Soft and well cooked. Try the chicken kabobs. Really good.
5	Excellent food . The lamb loin with saffron rice, dates and lentils were delicious. We also had hummus and eggplant appetizers. You will enjoy this restaurant.  Service was very good.
5	this restaurant is located in Scottsdale Arizona I travel to the Phoenix metro area on business few times a year every time that I travel to Phoenix I try to make a trip to the Persian room as I find the quality of food very good as an Iranian heritage I tried to visit other Persian restaurants in different communities on my business trip I'm from my experience on all my trips I find this restaurant one of the best I could even say it is better than the ones I can find in Vancouver BC this restaurant produces its own fresh bread it is wonderful and if you are a traditional Persian food lover connoisseur you'll have to try The tadig. This dish restaurant quality over the past few years has not changed which is uncommon with most Iranian cuisine restaurants
5	Awesome food. Been coming here for over 14 years. The art of food is a science here. I have spoken to the owner a few times and everything is measured perfectly. The onions and the spices etc. The food is very consistent. It is always the same.  Lucy was a fantastic waitress for us as well. The bread they make is warm and fresh. Too bad they are not in vegas
5	I have been eating at the Persian Room weekly for 5 years. I have had a fantastic meal every single time without fail. I love the hummus and the Barg platter(filet mignon over rice) the service is always top notch as well.
5	After 2 fantastic visits to the Persian Room, I feel very good about giving 5 stars on this imaginative place.  There are lots of appetizer options but if you don't get the eggplant hummus you are missing out on a slice of heaven that no one knew existed. It is PERFECTION. Warm pita bread along with persian spices and fresh sweet onion make it just that much better. Seriously--you can eat this onion by the slice and not worry about bad breath. It's awesome.We shared the #49 Persian Room platter is perfect for sharing and features some of the best choices on the menu. From the inventive koobideah, beef barq and the chicken filet served with delicious basmati rice, you just can't go wrong. I recommend asking for 1/2 rice, 1/2 Persian Room salad (which is basically a Greek style salad) as there is still more rice than you could possibly eat, even with a 1/2 size portion.The first time we went, we ate upstairs by the bar, which was actually more interesting than the main dining room, mostly because you got a great view of the street and all that was going on. The second visit we were in the far larger overflow seating area, despite having had a reservation. It was packed both times with all walks of life visiting the restaurant. The service staff was excellent offering suggesting to new timers, even remembering names of those returning for new visits.  I always like when you can go to a  place and the people remember your name. :) Definitely try the Persian Room. Deliciousness in a genie bottle!
5	I've been there twice already with a friend who is Persian so he told me what to get and taught me some stuff about what to try. The portions are huge so if you're a small girl like me, I recommend splitting. The bread is so good! You put onion and I think basil on it. It sounds weird but so good. Also, their tomatoes are pretty tasty. I think they dry them. Their desserts are good. The service is good. It's really pretty on the inside of the building. Dom lighting.
3	My wife and I had heard great things about the Persian Room and decided to give it a try.  The service and ambiance was very satisfying and commendable.  We were not as pleased with the food though.  We found the rice accompanying our dinners to be somewhat bland.  My wife had the basmati rice and I had a rice with dates and raisons that was supposed to be a specialty of the house.   My lamb loin was overly gamy and my wife's chicken dish was not as flavorful as she would have liked.   Dessert was a very good baklava and homemade ice cream
4	Been going to this place for the last five years. Never had a bad experience and the food is always consistent. I recently celebrated my birthday there and they easily accommodated 20+ people upstairs. The menu makes it easy to pick from. The drinks are reasonably priced. I love the hummus with the house made bread. You will always have leftovers and it taste just as good the next day. Awesome flavor, friendly staff. Only disappointment is poor parking. The place gets crowded quickly so be sure to make a reservation.
5	I am constantly on the hunt for good Mediterranean food and that extra creamy hummus (does anyone remember Shish Kebab House at 43rd Ave and Olive? RIP) . We went to the Persian Room for lunch on a Monday. We had good service and fantastic food. The waitress wasn't super friendly but she was prompt, got our order right and kept our drinks filled, which in my world qualifies as great customer service. More importantly the food was great. The HUMMUS WAS DELICIOUS. The koobideh was well spiced and there was a chicken, beef, or lamb option. I overheard what must have been the owner/manager patiently explaining a variety of menu items to a customer who had not had Persian food before. I drove miles out of my way to go to this restaurant because I had heard such great things. This will definitely be one of the first places I go when I am home in Phoenix.
3	They are usually very friendly and the restaurant is a very nice environment. However, the last couple of times I went in, it was very busy and the service and food was not that great.
4	I'm not sure if the Phoenix area has a sizable Persian immigrant population or whether the tiny numbers are just all at Persian Room, but I was surprised to see what looked like an authentic restaurant in a suburb on the edge of the desert that is far more concerned with money than even the semblance of diversity.Since this was my family's first experience with Persian cuisine, we went with samplers all around. Coming from someone who appreciates the food, standouts were the eggplant hummus and the fesenjan I snuck in on the side.I wish I could tell a story of redemption and enlightenment about how they came around to the variety of tastes but since they hate rice, flavor and change the results were somewhat predictable and this visit was likely ill-advised from the start.The Persian ice cream (flavored with pistachio et. al.) was one of the few things to gain universal approval unlike the only actual miss of overly sweet baklava.For huge plates of grilled meats, sizable varieties of rice, stews, fresh breads and subtly flavored sweets and everything else one would expect from Persian cuisine, especially in this area it's difficult to go wrong with Persian Room. Lacking a superpower that allows the instant digestion of grains, come hungry.
2	Ate her again and it is poor food, the service was reasonable.
5	Superb flavor in all of the traditional dishes. The lamb koobideh entree is easily the best I've ever eaten and very true to Persian authenticity. That said - it's certainly enough for two, but you may want your own as it's just as good leftover the next day. My husband and I have fought over who gets to eat it for lunch! The kash o'bademjan is to die for. Seriously, I had two Persian food first timers at the table and they just short of inhaled it alongside the yogurt dip. Service was good, nothing special about it, but no complaints. The server made good recommendations and was attentive. Their cocktail menu could use a facelift, but being that Persian's are not much for booze it's not unexpected. They do offer a full bar for those easy spirit favorites. We stuck with wine and hot tea. And just in case you're on the fence for an after dinner drink, get hot tea. It's delicious and traditional all the way down to the glass it's served in. We will definitely be back. A lot.
2	Food was great, as usual, but management really needs to do something about the service. Every time we come here for lunch we wait and wait and wait. There are usually only 1-2 servers downstairs and half the time they cant be found. Its ridiculous.  Then, they leave tables full of the dishes from previous customers and take forever to get them cleared off. Its actually quite disgusting. Management: get a clue!
3	it was just ok, I was expecting lots more,  Have a greek friend that cooks outstanding food, so guess I compare to his, We went there for our anniversary, had been looking forward to this place for months, probably will not go again, could use some updating.
5	This is my first visit. We stopped for lunch and were pleasantly surprised. It is a beautiful restaurant tucked in the corner with a large menu. We both had lunch dishes and the portions were very large and delicious.  I would recommend giving them a try.
5	The best Persian Kabobs I ate in many states that I have visited. Very tasty and fresh marinated Kabobs sided with saffron basmati rice is highly recommended! Dont forget to try the crispy rice with two stews as an appetizer!
5	Best Persian food. Fresh bread and sabzi. Huge portions. Delicious rice ( Lubia polo and zereshk polo) and delicious kabob. Quick service.5 days in Arizona, ate there twice.
1	The kabob and food is ok, but they add food fillers and additives which makes you bloated and nauseated. Furthermore, they are a rip off restaurant. A group of us decided to eat here and they quoted us a fixed price for the buffett, soft drinks and deserts.  However, when they brought the bill they added extra price for soft drinks and we did not get any deserts as promised.  I would never go back to this establishment and would take my bussiness elsewhere with higher quality foods and honest service.
4	I've been to the Persian Room several times now. The first time was a friend's engagement party. Each time I've been there the food has been great! We've ordered Persian Room Special and  the Tour of Persia since I love sampling different things. The basmati rice that is served with each dish is fluffy and fragrant. My two favorites are the chicken filet and Koobideh. It's probably good that this place is not closer, I'd probably be there once a week if it was.
5	Awesome food, high quality, large portions and great location. Kabobs are all great, you can't easily find such a great Koobideh anywhere esle.
