4	This is the best pizza place in Centennial as far as I'm concerned. The food was good, the beer even better and the ambiance could not have been better! It'll b a great place to come and watch sports...
5	Streets is our pizza place. Hands down it's the best pizza in the area. Search no further this is an all around winner. Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.
2	I have eaten at Streets of New York on two occasions now. Being from NY myself, I have high expectations of pizza being called New York pizza. On both occasions, I was very let down by the quality of the pizza. By no means is this NY pizza! I also found the service to be only adequate. The servers I encountered I found to be cold and unfriendly. I won't go back here again and waste my money!
2	Ew. I've eaten at another streets location and this one did not compare in the slightest. The pasta was clearly reheated, the bread was stale and the salad was sub-par at the most. If you want REAL italian, go to rocco's.
2	Food is mediocre, service is sup-par at best...only reason to go back is the 4 cheese pizza and the artichoke dip.
2	My husband and I have come here 3 times in the 6 weeks we have lived in the area. The first time we had pretty decent service, great food, and a good experience. The second time we had OK service and great food again. Tonight (our 3rd time) was pretty bad. The service was not good. We came here for my husband's birthday and had a group of 8. The waitress was clearly annoyed she had to wait on us and it showed. She got our drinks, took our order, brought the pizza, and then only came back to bring us our checks. Never asked if we needed anything. Never asked how anything was. My husband had to ask a runner if he could get another beer and never got it. The waitress was short with us and never thanked us for coming in. Now that I think about it I don't think she ever smiled. The food was good, as usual...but I doubt we will be going back.
3	The pizza is pretty good, albeit kind of expensive at $20 for a 16" pie. And to be clear, it does not taste like pizza from NY but is is made in the "style." I love the minestrone soup...they serve it covered in chunks of garlic bread and mozzarella. The staff is friendly and service is usually prompt. If it wasn't as expensive I'd rate it as 4 stars. Don't get the spinach dip, it tastes like mayo in a bad way.
3	The antipasto salad was fresh, crunchy and delicious. The pizza was pretty tasty as well. I like the amount of crispness present with a decent amount of dough. The toppings were fresh as well. The kids had the chicken fingers and fries, which were delicious! The breading on the chicken fingers was sweet and crunchy. The service could have been better, although we went on a busy Friday night. I just hate hate hate having to wait for my check. We ended up getting up and asking for it, since our waitress was MIA. I didn't get one refill on my iced tea either. Minus 1 star! The price is also ridiculous for the food. Our bill for a salad, garlic bread, 2 kids entrees, beverages and a pizza came to $80 without tip. Minus another star!! I probably won't return even though I love the location and its proximity to my parents house.
5	Streets of New York has a few things going for it.. First, great service even on a packed Friday night. Second, great food. My wife and I have been here a few times and each time we are blown away by the quality of the food. Finally, great prices. Two can easily eat and drink for 35 or less.
3	The pizza is good but not exactly what I would call NY style pizza.I like that I can put zucchini on my pizza!!!The creamy angel hair pasta dish with sun dried tomatoes,chicken and mushrooms is hellah yummy too....The service however is weird....No one ever smiles or says Hello when you walk in and on several occasions we were the only ones eating and at the same time there were 3 full on dirty tables just sitting there while the waitress sat at a table and ate her food. Now, I know you're thinking maybe it was a busy day and maybe that was the only time that she found to eat- Bullcrap!!!I would never feel comfortable eating while there were customers waiting for their food along with 3 dirty tables for them to look at. Like I said this was on several occasions not just this time.... Even though we were the only ones in the restrauant I still had to call her over for refills and my pizza crust was different from what I ordered - a real bummer!!!!So the 3 stars is only because of the food!!!!
3	Street of New York... food is unoriginal but tasty and traditionally comforting. The normal; pizza, pasta, salads and generic pizzeria appetizers. Great selection of drafts beers and reasonably priced glasses of wine. I would continue eating at the restaurant, although I would never actually dine inside at this location again. It is absolutely impossible to receive and simple smile or a thank you from ANY of the staff. Overall the service is mediocre and extremely un-friendly. You will have a better chance of receiving better service from the giant rat at Chuck E Cheese's.
3	It's better than the big chain pizza guys but far from New York pizza.  I heard a friend rave about it so got it delivered.  The pizza was cool enough that the cheese was almost solidified and I live a mile away.  The pepperoni they use is a really good brand.  The sauce was OK.  A little heavy on the spices and too acidic and the crust didn't even taste like it belonged with the pizza, it just didn't bring anything to the party.  We also got the artichoke dip which was spot on, served with tasty, toasted Italian bread. The dip was a creamy, cheesy sauce filled with artichoke that was firm and had a lot of flavor.   The only real problem I have with it was that the pizza was not cooked on a stone, it was cooked in a convection-conveyor oven.  I could tell because of not only the flavor, but when I flipped a piece over, I could see the screen imprinted on it.  If you're going to be as bold to have the words "New York" in the title of your brand, at least cook pizza in a stone oven to achieve that lovely dark brown char on the bottom that is a staple of New York pizza which not only makes for a better crust, but overall flavor.  I'm willing to give it another shot.  Next time I'll eat in and try some pasta.
2	My first time experiencing this place.... I called in a order for pick up. The girl on the phone sounded pleasant, took my order and told me it would be ready for pick-up in 15 min. I arrived 10 min later to see what the place looked like. Has a nice atmosphere. Unfortunately this is where it goes down hill. I ordered the garlic cheese bread and the baked ziti. I ended up waiting over 40 min for the food to be ready. I watched as the lady who I assume was a manager went back and yelled at the cook for 10 min, who apparently forgot to cook my order. The cook apologized but was met with a resounding amount of scorn, "you better be sorry." So, now to the food. I have to say that I wouldn't be so upset if it was worth the wait. The baked ziti was bland and disappointing. It didn't have much italian sausage in it at all and the garlic cheese bread should just be called mozzarella cheese bread. The garlic was non-existent. Overall I wont be going back to this place and dont r
2	So I have been here once prior to this last visit and I remember not being impressed by the service but the pizza was okay, not great but okay, and it is in close proximity to me so that is a draw. We went back the other night, mainly again because it was close and we had a coupon for two for one. Even with a coupon I don't think I would go back. I had baked ziti. It was rather bland and there wasn't anything special about it, not bad, but not good either. I switched with my dining partner who had the eggplant rollitini, this was horrible, the underlying bed of spaghetti was fine. It tasted like the make their own sauce, but the eggplant was mushy and again bland. Definitely not recently cooked, more like microwaved, and possibly bought from Sysco instead of being made in house. It was a $2.50 or so up charge for a dinner salad and bread sticks. The bread was hard and cold. The dinner salads were okay. One biggie though - no fresh brewed iced tea. Service started out slow but once the waitress came over everything was fast. I was teetering before a one star, as I said I will never go back there, but gave them a two as the sauce on the spaghetti was decent and the service was good when we finally got service. If there were halfsies in yelp I would probably do one and a half. Although I will note if I didn't have the coupon I would have definitely felt that it was not worth $30+ for two people.
3	Good pizza ! Service could be a little better.
5	The pizza here is right down the middle, but the meatballs (pasta or sandwich) are to die for.  Officially addicted.
3	This is a very close place to my house and is one of the reasons I frequent it so much.The Pizza is good but nothing that is going to blow your underwear off. I love the anti pasta salad for a starter and the cheese bread. I also order the meatball sides..pretty good.Peroni on tap and some Stone Brews in the fridge is also a good time ;)
1	Mis managed.  Order a salad and other items for take out.  Got there salad not in order.  Was added got home was not what was ordered.  Called and was told they don't make it anymore but would be happy to refund money.  Stay away.
2	I went to Streets of New York last night and in general was underwhelmed.  In regards to the food, we had the 16" Pizza with cheese and a medium order of wings, (medium heat).  The wings were passable, although I'm not going to be overly critical as it's a pizza place and I try not to use non-Italian American food to review a place like this. The pizza was fresh and they obviously good quality ingredients but the taste was not in the style of an authentic Pizzeria. The dough just wasn't right for an advertised authentic NY style, (or Neopolitan), pizza.    I was born in Queens and lived on Long Island for 32 years so I think I'm qualified to know what New York style pizza is at this point, and this place is not the real deal. The pizza was okay, but I wasn't bowled over either.  I will say the service was excellent for a busy Friday night and everyone employee I saw there was in good spirits.  The food came out in a timely fashion as well. The ambiance of the restaurant was nice, although it can get real cramped in a hurry on a busy night.  They do have outdoor seating when the weather warrants as well.All in all this is the kind of place that is good in a pinch or just to change up the routine, but there are better places in the area.
2	I used to love this place. I've been coming here since late 2009.  The pizzas were amazing back then.  The crusts were crispy but had the right amount of chewiness, combined with the superb toppings and sweet tang of the pizza sauce made everything better. I used to beg my fiance to have pizza there.  Now. . .not so much.  Something is off with their pizzas and I keep ordering them thinking they are going to taste amazing again. Every time in recent history I have been disappointed.  One time I told the waitress that our pizza was soggy and the dough was still raw and she told me I should have ordered it well done. Um. . .okay, thanks.  A couple times the toppings have been unrecognizable.   The other times the pizzas tastes couldn't rival a pizza ordered in (not good bc I could have easily called in a pizza order to pizza hut, paid less, and enjoyed it more).  I love the pizzeria feel of the place, but I can't put up with declining food for ambiance.  I really do want to love this place again, but right now I'm going to stop coming in. I'm sure they won't miss my $34.50 (yeah that's what we paid for a large pizza, two coors, and a coke), but it shouldn't be about that. This place could be amazing if they just tweek it a little.
4	Ok so I said I probably wouldn't go back because of service. I lied. I've been back and I'll admit it seems like things may have gotten better. Who cares though, I really like this pizza. I've gotten delivery as well which was super-fast. I just can't stay away from this place and their damn thin crust Italiano pizza. It's addicting.
3	I love the location, it is very "little main street" feeling. The food is good and priced very well. The service is slow, so i would not come here if you are in a rush.
1	I must say that I would give this place 0 stars if I could due to their Terrible Customer Service. The food is Good, Great Actually- and it makes me sad to give them this rating. Yet it is NOT OK to treat your BEST Customers BADLY. My family & I where some of the very first customers at their new location on Norman Rockwell, We Loved the food and became very loyal customers, referring Friends, Neighbors and Family to the resturaunt. Personally, we where eating at the resturaunt several times a month AND ordering delivery up to 2X a week! I dont cook and we kept craving certain menu items! Long Story Short, On almost EVERY Delivery Order, The would mess SOMETHING up on our Orders.In Stores it happened too, yet I rarely had the heart to say something. I even had a waitress accidently pour a beer down my back & I felt bad for her, not mad. So Basically we would call, place an order, and then even have the order repeated back to us, YET when the order would arrive, their was ALWAYS Something either MISSING, Or something totally WRONG, like a wrong pizza (ie reg crust, not thin, or a wrong size small not Large) tons of orders with wrong/missing toppings. If it was minor- we would just deal, If it was bad enough, we would call to give them a chance to rectify the situation, and in most cases they did by offering to replace the menu item on a future order. Eventually we felt like they had messed up one too many times, so we called to speak with a manager, we wanted her to realize that HER STAFF was probably loosing her money by having to comp items due to so many mess-ups. The Order was ALWAYS Correct on the receipt- So It was Obviously SOMEONE was not PAYING ATTENTION. Yet to our Dismay, The Manager began Yelling at US- That the problems where somehow caused by US- The Customers??? I could not beleive it, She even went SO FAR as to say, she would NO LONGER SERVE US-SHE REFUSED US AS A CUSTOMER. Our Family with our Minimum 2X a week $60 Orders-and excellent patronage- IT WAS INSANE. I dont know about "The Customer is Always Right" Yet when we had been loyal, friendly, and very forgiving Patrons (to say the very least) This was absolutely UNACCEPTABLE BEHAVIOR. I Have Never encountered something like this in MY LIFE! yet after reading many of the reviews- I realize that its not just US! They are rude to tons of patrons! OUCH!
5	I've been here many time the steaks are always amazing the American waygu the best. The Mac and cheese is my favorite I could eat it all day,  appetizers aren't the greatest and the banana cream pie is to die for. The only thing that bothered me when I got there was the head hostess was snobby and rude and didn't want to take my reservation for a guest who stays there and is a gold member and always spends an easy $600 at your restaurant I felt I should of been taken more seriously other than that the meal made up for her attitude.
4	I lived in the area when SNY first opened, and was a fan of the pizza.  I have since moved away for a spell and then just recently back to the neighborhood.  I stopped in with my son for a slice of pizza, some cheesy garlic bread, a Greek salad, and a pint of Peroni on draft.  I immediately though, "Thank goodness this place is just as good, if not better, than I remember!"  Our waitress, looking familiar from years past, was super nice, and was quick to assess my culinary desires by making a recommendation which was far from regrettable.  That's A+ service!Nothing better than a nice little neighborhood joint where you can take the family for a pizza night, or just stop in for a slice and a beer to catch a game.I shall become a regular....again.
4	I ordered a thin crust margherita pizza to go while I was at an event in the surrounding plaza. Not only did it come out quickly but it was super tasty! Crust was nice and thin and evenly cooked, the toppings weren't overwhelming. Overall a very tasty pizza, I will visit here again when i'm in the centennial village area to try something else.
4	This is one of my favorite spots for pizza in Vegas. The restraunt is a casual family friendly place with a dark wood interior. There are TVs tuned into sports for watching the game. It is set in a cute but struggling shopping street made to look like a neighborhood.The pizza is the some of the best I've had in vegas. The crust is just right. Not too thick and not too thin. The toppings are fresh and the cheese is flavorful. The only time I have had a complaint was when I ordered a piece of pizza by the slice. It was obviously a piece that had been sitting around and was reheated, not so good. SO I would not reccomend ordering pizza by the slice. The salads here are fantastic. I love the greek salad. Lots of fresh romaine with green, red and yellow peppers, cucumbers,tomatoes and kalamata olives with feta cheese with a tasty greek dressing.The one drawback to this place is the service. The waitresses are not very friendly and the service is slow. Even with that drawback, this is still our go to place for good pizza.
3	This is solid, middle of the road pizza.  I would give it 4 stars, but I thought it was overpriced.  The good:  I thought the toppings were great and this pizza had the right amount of greasy goodness.  Also, the guy at the front was really nice when I picked up my pizza to go.  The bad:  The price and the thickness of the crust.  As evidenced by my favorite pizza joints, I do not like thick crust pizza and this was a little thick.  2 pizzas came to $50 and that just seems a little crazy town to me.  Would probably return with a coupon though.
5	Visit on 10/27/12 - I have lived in the area for a while and finally decided to stop in for lunch. I am now kicking myself for taking so long to eat here. My girlfriend and I both had the featured lunch special. 1 slice of pizza & 6 wings for $6.99. I ordered the pepperoni pizza & honey hot wings.The wings are the best I have had in Las Vegas. Far superior than any of the other pizza places and BBW. The sauce was delicious!  The pizza was some of the best I have had in Las Vegas as well. Very good!!!The service was good as well, Emily our waitress was very attentive. We will definitely be coming back.
4	This place has an awesome lunch deal: six wings and a slice of pizza for around $8. I've been here a few times and very satisfied every time. The other prices can seem a bit steep at first, but the taste makes it worth while.The customer service is impressive too. The employees were quick with my orders and made me feel welcomed. The only complaint I'd have to say are the hours. I wish they'd be open until midnight; I usually get back from work around 10 p.m. Either way, I like to go on my days off.
5	Streets of New York is on our side of town and we come here or order take out from here once a month.  They make a great, high-quality pizza that we always enjoy.
3	My friend from Arizona suggested I try out the wings, he had heard there was a location in Vegas. I went to the Streets of New York website to check out the menu and saw that they have Happy Hour, clicked on the link for the Happy Hour Menu. The website states, "Enjoy food and drink specials from 2:30 pm to 6 pm, Monday through Friday at all Streets of New York locations!" Cool!!! I had even preselected my order in my mind.I arrived at the restaurant around 3:40 pm on Friday. I walked in and the waitress was on the phone and saw the sign to seat yourself. After awhile the waitress greets me and I ask about the Happy Hour menu (there are no signs mentioning a happy hour anywhere). She said, "There is no Happy Hour on Friday." Since, this was my first time here and thought to myself maybe I misread the website. I was still able to order from the lunch specials (10:30 am to 4:00 pm). Ordered the 6 wings and a slice, soda, and a slice of the pumpkin cheesecake.I loved the wings! They were meaty, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, just the right amount of sauce, and great buffalo flavor. I liked the crust of the pizza but it didn't seem like there was any sauce and it tasted dry. The pumpkin cheesecake was dreamy! It was light, creamy and the pumpkin flavor was subtle.I will be back for more wings and cheesecake for sure! I would also like to try more items during Happy Hour, apparently not on a Friday though. Like previous reviewers the wait staff seemed to be going through the motions and not especially welcoming. I would given a rating of 4 stars for the food only but downgraded based on service and false advertisement of Monday through Friday Happy Hour.
5	Once in a lifetime.You don't ever see me giving 5 stars. If I have to deduct a star, it would only be because it is over 25 miles from my cave.I've seen the other reviews, and I do concur with a few of the statements:Yes, the pizza doesn't remind me of any pie back east, especially New York. But I tell you this: They should call it the Streets of Phoenix. Being the official pizza of the Phoenix Suns, it only makes sense. It's the best pizza on the west coast, especially better than that California Kitchen place.Some people don't like the service, some do. At this point of the game, this is the most consistent. Of course, I could be distracted by the important games, but that's just another service they offer me and i DON'T EVEN HAVE TO ASK. I come to eat, hang out, and watch sports, and no one has ever bothered me and there wasn't an occasion where I had to depart from my R/R status.Where does the 5 stars come in? I'm getting to it.After work, I come for a light meal. Turkey has always been my favorite sandwich. Even though they have my favorite turkey sandwich, I, now, can't make up my mind about the chicken pesto sandwich or their tuna. They are that good.The wedding soup and the tortilla are necessities with my sammies, unless I am in a mood for a salad. In that case, I encounter another fork in the road between the pear-gorgonzola, chicken caesar or  antipasto. The chicken wings they serve, is their own. I don't know what they do to them but it's close to genius in my books. I can replicate anything at Metro. But this place has the goods, they put love back in the kitchen.So, easy 4 stars right there. The fifth star is for getting me to eat soup or salad, and liking it. For me, losing 30+ lbs after eating their 3 nights a week is the money maker.It has never been so easy and I didn't even have to try. With their menu, I could rule this planet.I can't wait to make it to their new store on Ft. Apache and Tropicana.
2	Way overpriced for the quality. I ordered a 16" pizza w/2 toppings, it was $21. I thought it must be good to charge that much. The flavor was fine, but not worth it. Half the pizza was all crust. I'd go to Grimaldi's for a cheaper and better pizza.
5	We bought a groupon ($15 for $30 worth of food) and headed there today to catch the lunch specials. We both had the 6 wings and a slice of pizza for about $6-7 each. We also got the slice and salad which brought our total to $27 including 2 drinks. The wings were GREAT with lots of meat (hot/BBQ). Salad was also good and came with an orange bell pepper slice. Overall the food was great and for only $15 + tip thx to groupon. We WILL be back.
4	My friend had been raving about this place for months before I gave it a try. I had been craving potato Skins for weeks and they just happened to be on special so I ordered that and a slice. Way too much food but totally worth it. The pizza has great flavor. The crust was seasoned with a garlic butter sauce that is absolutely amazing. Service is very friendly and I can't wait to try the location closer to me.This specific Streets of New York is located in the cutest little area. Norman Rockwell lane,  I mean does it get cuter?  It was a little too cold when we went, but the patio looked nice.
3	The food is amazing! The pizzas are delicious, the salads are yummy, and the beer selection is great. Great atmosphere and plenty of TVs to watch all the games. Unfortunately, the wait staff is rude, slow, unattentive, and would rather be elsewhere. This is a big deal breaker for me. If the food wasn't so consistently good, I wouldn't go back due to the horrible service. 5 star food, 1 star for service. I also wouldn't eat here without a coupon as the prices are ridiculous.
5	I am always befuddled and perplexed when my review of a certain establishment is so much better or so much worse than the other reviews that my fellow Yelpers have posted, but in regards to Streets of New York I am compelled to tell all of my fellow Yelpers who posted reviews with anything less than four or five stars that with all due respect, you need to lay off of whatever type of intoxicant you are drinking and / or smoking because your judgement has been seriously impaired!!!!! Now having said that, I will say that there have been times during one of my many visits when the service has been, how shall I say it, less than stellar. No worries, anybody who has read one of my reviews before knows that I could care less about the service at a food establishment if the food is good, and at the Streets of New York, the food is EXQUISITE!!!Streets of New York is the real deal, everything is fresh with such a unique taste. This is not one of those, "insert generic pizza / pasta place name here" type of places, no this is the real deal, if you are looking for a pizza place where everybody will be really, really nice to you, and fill your drink thirty six times, and draw a smiley face on your check go to pizza hut, if you want damn good food this is the place for you.When you arrive you will notice the line, I guess that everybody who goes out to eat does not post reviews on Yelp, who knew, or should I say, how weird!?!?!? Some people, and based on the line or wait time at Streets of New York, I would have to say many people, just vote with their wallets.When you get seated greet your server, I have always found not being a jerk helps improve the service, than order either the Baked Chicken Wings or the Chopped Antipasto Salad, NO WAIT, order both, you will regret it later if you don't.I love chicken wings and these are great chicken wings, they will dress them in a sauce if you so request but in my ever so humble opinion the sauce just takes away from the taste of what may be one of the top ten best chicken wings in the United States.Now the antipasto salad, I am a meat guy, I am all about the meat, so when I fell head over heals in love with this salad I thought we would have to rush my wife and best friend of twenty seven years to the hospital, thank God, false alarm. I do not have an adequate vocabulary to properly describe this salad so let me just say that it may be one of the tastiest, most mouth watering things I have ever ordered at a restaurant ............................. the antipasto salad is to die for!!!!!So after you have completed savoring the delectable wings and the tantalizing antipasto salad as your appetizers, what can I say, I am a big eater, time to move on to the main course.My wife is a fan of the Old World Meatball sub on the wheat bread, just a warning, this is a popular item and they often run out of the wheat bread.Me, I am all about the pizza and the pizza here is very good, it is not my favorite pizza in the world, but as pizza goes, it is pretty damn good.I could go on and on as I really enjoy this place if you have not already picked up on that but I have typed all that I care to type and it is time to close.Go to Streets of New York and enjoy the food, if the service is less than awesome, shake it off like a big boy (or big girl) and remind yourself that you came for the food, not for counseling!!!!!!Until next time my fellow Yelpers ............... Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can ................. Buy Local!!!!!
4	We ordered pizza (for delivery) from Streets on Sunday evening when the parents were over for Mother's Day.  I ordered 2 large 2 topping pizzas.  Total $46.00 - "excuse me?" I said.  *that was WITH a $5 off coupon. LOL  He explained that it was for 18 inch pizzas and asked if I wanted to do the 16 inch ones.  So yes 16 inches sounded much better where the total was $40.  Still a bit pricey for pizza I think but hey it fed 5 people so I guess you can't argue if you look at it that way.  They tacked on a hefty $3.00 delivery charge to that price by the way.  Pizza took a little over an hour to be delivered.  I guess there were a lot of Mothers not cooking on Mother's Day. heheThe pizza was good... a little on the greasy side.  The crust was fresh and the toppings were good.  We ordered pepperoni with ricotta extra sauce and it was great.  I'm not a real fan of the taste of their ricotta-I have had better.  Their ricotta doesn't really melt so it seems a little dry. The other pizza was Hawaiian.  Nothing to complain about. My BF and I both agreed that their pizza has been better...not sure what it was.  Maybe we just weren't in the mood.We have visited this place on several occasions.  The service is top notch.  They are on top of it and very organized.  The restaurant is located in this amazing little San Francisco style plaza.  The plaza itself is worth the visit.  We have also been to catered parties here with salad, pasta and pizza buffet style.  Great place to do a little get-together - say for 10 to 15 people.  The place isn't that big.  BTW the place is always packed on the weekends.  I believe they have outdoor seating but I have never seen anyone using it.  Probably because of the weather.  I think I like visiting the restaurant more than having the pizza delivered just for the New Yorker ambiance....but either experience is always a successful one..
4	For a chain it has surprisingly good pizza, and for Vegas it is better than 90% of the rest.  Since nowhere we have found in Vegas has the combination of great pizza and agreat  place  to dine in
4	I had recalled this place during my brief time in Scottsdale and was excited to see there were locations here in town.  Location:  This spot is located in the far Northwest in an area that has continued to grow over the past few years.  It is situated in a cute little mall similar to the district in Henderson, but considerably smaller.   I get the sense the mall was to be larger but construction stopped midway.  Still it is a very cute area.Ambiance:  The inside is nice  It is a bit small but had a nice little bar and plenty of tables with MLB and ESPN on the tvs.  I also noticed a patio for when it isnnt in the 100s lol.  I think it would be a cool place to stop at on the way home to catch a game.  I have read they have happy hour specials, but not positive about that or what they might be.Food:  We order just a couple slices of pepperoni.  As we waited we were served complimentary Passion bread.  The bread was pretty good.  I definitely would want to have it again.  The pizza overall was solid.  The crust was quite soft when bitten into.  I could not recall if this was what I had, had experienced previously, but I might ask for it to be cooked a bit longer next time.  It was still quite tasty.  The cheese and pepperoni both tasted great.Service: We were the only folks in the place.  I imagine the extreme heat and time of day contributed to that.  The waitress was attentive and we had no complaints.Price:  We went during their lunch time (10:30-4pm) and slices, beverages. and bread all came in at about $15.  Definitely a great price.All in all had a great experience and look forward to hitting up this area again.  I was shocked to hear they had been in business for over five years in that location.  I hope for the area to continue to build to further the foot traffic.
3	It is a nice little romantic pizza joint.I can very well get away with taking people here for they birthday. I have never been to New York but the pizza is just ok in my book. Again the server was like a fish out of water. Had to ask him for things twice. But we learned asking twice is not bad. I sampled everything as you can see from the pictures. I had lots of things that I was not ok so I killed my diet people. (I had to confess.) Sorry I mess that last sentence up. But I felt so guilty about sneaking to this place without the husband after he asked me to wait on him.  I was very guilty of killing my diet. But on the other hand its clean quiet and they trying to work they jelly. If they try a little harder this very well could be a great hang out for me but a bad hang out spot for my diet. The pizza it self is full of oil. I think the chef think he was gonna fry some chick at first I reckon. I was like ewww look at all of that their oil. Now that their cant be healthy. I give it 3 stars total I will return with the husband next time.
5	Streets of New York is exemplifies the meaning of family owned, comfortable, neighborhood resturant. The first time I came here in 2008 it reminded me of the sitcom "cheers" where you can literally come hang out every day. The food is great, they serve beer and wine and the atmosphere is great. If your just by yourself it's cool to because all the employees are friendly and take the time to stop and talk if that's what your looking for. If your in a rush that works too because you can place an order and be done and gone in less than 30 minutes. All in all its my favorite neighborhood hangout.
4	The last time I went to the Streets of New York I gave it three stars. Well, I went back and they got a extra star. Can people have a off day with food? I can only assume so because this time I had the pizza it was not full of oil. This time the pizza was just perfect. The staff was more on point. I did not have to ask for anything at all.The employees are nice and kind. And I believe it was a different cook. I cant wait to go back and enjoy the goodness.
5	We dined here after receiving a coupon mailer. Having eaten pizza from the time I was a kid back east, good pizza, then suffering once in a while from that cardboard crap from the major take out joints which advertise on TV, I was pleasantly surprised and then thrilled with our experience here. The store is located in a neat strip mall on Fort Apache near Russell Road. The inside was spotless and it was clear that someone takes a great deal of pride in the appearance. Our server came promptly, answered questions, and took our order. She brought some rolls and marinara sauce as we waited, which was great. Our pizza arrived and it not only looked great but tasted great as well, hot and delicious. We took two slices home and even after resting for a day, the taste and texture of the crust and toppings was superb. We opted for the New York Combo and it's one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten and we will certainly return. Thanks very much for proving that a traditional pizza restaurant can still exist and more than successfully compete with the best.
5	Great place with great food. I have tried most of the menu and have yet to find something I don't like.  Robin, my waitress,  is always friendly and attentive to our needs.
5	Came in for lunch had the two slice pizza special, yummy and filling couldn't finish second slice. The room is very inviting and seems like a good place for football viewing. friendly service from start to finish. Will definitely be back.
2	The only reason I am giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is because the pizza is good.  I walked in and everyone that works their was sitting down eating pizza and watching TV.  I had called ahead and ordered but my pizza wasn't ready when I got there. I waited and 10 minutes later he came by and told me that the order hadn't even gotten back to the kitchen.  I had to wait another 20 minutes because of their mistake. I normally wouldn't care but he didn't even offer me a class of water while I was waiting. When I was leaving he even forgot to offer me any cheese or pepper to go with the pizza.  Good pizza but lazy and not customer centric service.
4	Got a recommendation for the Streets of New York from someone above my pay grade at work, so I kind of felt obligated to go and report back. Great recommendation. I loved the atmosphere and location. The 80's music playing in the background was a nice touch. This place puts off a great "hang out" vibe. Our party of four left satisfied with plenty left over for a cold pizza breakfast. Yummy! The combination pizza was loaded with the traditional faire and the sausage was bursting with flavor. We got both pies with a traditional crust. The prices were comparable with other pizza places. Don't forget to check-in on Yelp first and get your free basket of delicious french fries. I can see this becoming a regular pizza joint for this Yelper in the future.
1	Since moving to Vegas from New Jersey 4 years ago I searched for good Italian and when I found streets of New York I finally found a fantastic pizza and wonderful antipasta salad. I tried to keep giving this restaurant chances with the service but the same grumpy indifferent waitress would ruin our experience. Sad to say I no longer go here because we finally had enough with our last visit. The waitress was so rude and unfriendly I couldn't bare to spend my money somewhere I felt that unwelcome. She greeted our table by asking for a drink order, no hello, no smile, no welcome, nada.. She must be working there for a long time because she's always there unfortunately and makes us feel like cattle, trying to herd us through as quickly as possible. She didn't clear any dirty plates that should have been taken away after our appetizers to make room for our dinners and we had to call her over to the table from  where she was sitting watching the football game to ask for silverware. Every time she would come to the table she would turn away so quickly I had to say excuse me to get her to turn back around so I could ask for something. She made us feel like we were bothering her and that we were just getting in the way of her watching football. I've been a server for over ten years and I would never dream of treating my guests as such. Huge THUMBS DOWN! She takes the hospitality out of the hospitality industry.
5	Just had lunch here and the food was delicious especially the chicken wings!!!  Some of the best wings I have ever had... Pizza was excellent as well, and I love the family atmosphere here...  I'll be back for sure
5	Sterling is the server to ask for.   Great pizza !   If  you are in the northwest las vegas stop here.  A great taste of New York in Las Vegas!
1	Horrible! Paid 26 dollars for their New York combo(flagship pizza). This is nothing short of a high price frozen pizza. The crust was too thick and doughy and the meat was tasteless. This pizza couldn't compare to the worst pizza in New York! If you want excellent New York style pizza go to New York Pasta and Pizza 2400 South Jones Blvd. 702 871 1159. Call and ask if Anthony is making the pizza he is simply the best pizza chef in Las Vegas. Take it from this Native New Yorker who eats a lot of pizza daily. The Streets of New York tastes like the "Streets of New York" pure crap!
1	I have given this restaurant so many chances. Since it opened up I think I've been there about 10 times. As time went on, the staff became more and more lax. Everytime I walk into this restaurant, it seems as though they don't want me there. The owner is always sitting around doing paperwork at one of the tables. She throws the menus on the table and says your waiter will be with you. Although the restaurant was completely empty tonight, we still had trouble getting refills on our drinks. At the end of the meal I got a whopping $60 bill. I feel slighted because I had poor service and mediocre food. The only reason I go to this restaurant every once in awhile is because Metro pizza is too full. I don't recommend this restaurant to anybody and hope they go out of business so we can get somebody else with better food and service in there.
4	Very good, crust and sauce just right, closest to a home town San Francisco pizza..  We had the antipasto salad for the Ist time recently and I was sadly disappointed especially based on other reviews.  It is a good salad but a poor antipasto salad, 80-90% lettuce, it should be labeled Italian Salad.
1	Upon arriving, my friend and I sat down at an open booth and were given menus and had our drink order taken immediately.  This is the only thing that happened fast during our visit.  The ONLY reason this is getting even one star is because a zero-star review isn't possible.We ordered a large Mediterranean pizza and specifically ordered chicken on half of it because one of us is vegetarian and the other isn't.  We also ordered a basket of fries as an appetizer, which came out hot, their only redeeming quality.The pizza took a VERY long time to arrive and when it did, it was wrong.  Not only was it missing an ingredient that was listed on the menu but it had chicken on the whole pizza. We brought it to the server's attention right away and she claimed to have not heard the request and continued to argue until I made it clear I couldn't eat the chicken on the pizza.  She told me she'd be bringing me a new small one with the correct toppings in a hurry.  This pizza took longer than the first one and when it came, it too was wrong.  When we brought this to her attention, she began to argue with us and even called over another server from the table she was waiting on to argue with us further.  By this point we didn't want anything further to do with the continued disappointments Streets of New York was providing.  They had a THIRD person bring a box over for the leftover incorrect pizza and told us that we weren't being charged for anything and could just leave.  We did just that and WON'T be back. Steer clear of this establishment if you want quality food and good guest service!!
5	Love the pizza, pasta, and salads. Casual place with a laid back atmosphere. The staff was attentive and took great care of us and our taste buds. We will be back.
3	I came to Streets of New York for a painting party through Vegas Painting Parties.  It was through the lunch hours so I had to get some food.  Its the law I think.  Anyhow, I got the lunch special featuring a half sandwich and a cup of soup.  The sandwich was good.  I got the Italian sandwich with capicolla, ham and salami.  The bread was lightly toasted and had a nice crunch to it.  The meats, cheese and veggies had a lot of flavor.  No complaints on that end.  And my sandwich plate camae with a handful of potato chips too.  They were just chips out of a bag I think.  Not anything like homemade chips.  That was a little disappointing but since I was not expecting chips any in the first place I did not mind.  The soup is where my interest was lost.  I ordered wedding soup as it is one of my favorites and I rarely get it because I rarely see it anywhere.  I really did not care for it much at all.  The broth was not the light clear broth I am used to with wedding soup.  It was actually kind of thick and very salty.  I'm glad I got just a cup because a full bowl would have been too much for me to take down.  I can't say much for the service as I was in a crowded area with fellow aspiring painters.  It was quick service as much as can be expected from the situation so I don't necessarily have any complaints but I don't have any outstanding compliments either.  Consider me Swiss (neutral).
2	Their Antipasto is good but pizza is expensive and tastes like its frozen. Definitely not worth the price.The service is not real friendly either.
1	If you are craving pizza that tastes like it as actually from New York forget this place. Not even close. It should be considered false advertising to include "New York" in your name. It implies the food is similar to food you would find there. This place would not last a week if it was in New York. That should tell you something!
2	My husband and I got takeout last week... Decided to try something new. We ordered the meatball appetizer and got a meatball sub...meatballs did not taste or look homemade. Pizza crust was too chewy...also did not taste fresh. Lots of good choices in N Las Vegas --this isn't one...
2	Got us right to a table but the service was awful and they ran out of complementary breadsticks? We ordered 3 large pizzas and I assume you make you're breadsticks from pizza dough. Pizza took forever even if it did taste good. Not good as Ny but ok. Won't be back.
5	They got 5 stars. Kind people help you from start to finish. The place is extra clean. The food is great. The management invited me back to dine & unwind.  And I'm so happy that I took time to revisit this location. The waiter is kind a like forgetful jones...but the over all visit was great. Did I add the food is great! You have to have this pizza.
4	Ordered Med Pizza for pick up.  It was fresh, ready to go and done almost as ordered.  Asked for extra sauce & well done, they got half that correct so they get 4 stars instead of 5.  Really like their sauce.  Guy that checked me out ran around the counter to hold door open for me which was pleasantly unexpected.  Price for med w/ 2 toppings was about $19 after tax. We'll be back again.
5	Great family restaurant, and great food!  I personally like the garlic knots and Italian Sub.  The French fries are incredible, and they always have very fresh ranch dressing which my kids love.  I also like the fact that the owners do a lot of things to support the local community.  Nice people!
2	i tried this place for mother's day and was disappointed unfortunately, immediately when i seen our menus they were dirty and sticky and needed to wiped down. The menu didn't have anything exciting on it, very boring. Wish i hadn't eaten here since when i looked around the whole place was pretty filthy :(Service was mediocre, look guys if you see the table could use some pre-bussing DO IT! i shouldn't have to ask for you to clear out the dirty dishes from our table.. nobody likes to have piles of used plates around while your eating your entrees.bottom line, drive 3 minutes away to Rosati's
5	I'm from the East Coast (an hour from "the city"), been here for 4 years and just now found the authentic taste and atmosphere at Streets of New York on Norman Rockwell Lane (also my favorite artist growing up).  I've been looking for.  The food is fantastic, but the atmosphere created by the owner, Robin, was what I miss most about back home.  Awesome food, best service!
4	Tried this place for the first time tonight and was very happy we did. My wife usually hates when I order pizza but she actually loved the new york combo pizza. We ordered the 18 in and it was huge, the three of us only ate half and we were stuffed. Guess I know what I'll be eating for lunch tomorrow!  We will definitely order delivery from them again.
5	If you like good pizza, cold freaking beer, casual dinning, watching sports, oh and get awesome service for an affordable price; then you have to go eat here....plus there is a location at 5135 S Fort Apache #100. I love there wings, especially when you ask for them extra crispy!
3	We ordered delivery from here last night seeing as I didn't feel like cooking dinner ;) The prices seemed a bit steep for a pizza place but seeing as I had a $5 off coupon, we decided to give it a try.I ordered a large pepperoni, garden salad and a side of garlic cheese bread. The delivery man was super nice and polite. The pizza was good, piping hot and the perfect amount of toppings. The cheese was stringy and melty which I love. The crust was the perfect combination of chewy with just enough crispness so that it was not doughy. The garden salad was super fresh and delicious. The veggies were crunchy and tasted like the had just been picked. The only downfall was that they forgot the salad dressing ;( Luckily, I was able to find some at home. The garlic cheese bread was kind of bland, I didn't taste any garlic at all so I don't think we will be ordering that again.Overall I think we will try this place again....hopefully next time they remember the salad dressing!
5	OMFG!!!! BROASTED CHICKEN NOW BEING SEVERED!!!If you've had it before you know you missed it. If you've never had it you have got to try it!! Beyond delicious!!!!
1	I was happy to see they added chicken to the menu sorry to say it was tasteless and undercooked. The cole slaw was bad and potatoe wedges hard. We won't be back
2	My gf was not in the mood for pizza so we decided to get carryout for Leticia's across the street...I told her I'd meet her inside wanting a salad and to at least try something as I've been wanting to try out the food since we moved on this side of town. I ordered a chopped Greek with no olives. I met her and we ordered our Mexican food...after our food came out I went back here to pick up the salad, it wasn't ready so as I waited another carryout came up missing a slice I felt terrible for the girl at the counter she apologized went back to the kitchen where the younger kid with headphones in seemed irritated that she even came back there...she politely came back and apologized to the guy and explained it would take a few more minutes...she then apologized to me and said she would check on the salad..again he seemed bothered she even came back....I decided to go pick my car up and pull it to a closer spot that had opened...when I came back and grabbed my salad and got it home I got the most half assed salad with olives on it..obviously he just wanted it out of the kitchen and for her to stop checking on it...so irritated by the experience and having no desire to pick olives out of this 13 dollar with tip, salad I just pitched it after taking the picture and enjoyed our Mexican food.. delicious btw...I gave 2 stars because alot of the food looked good at the tables and because of how great the girl was despite the trials she has to deal with from the kitchen....that being said I doubt I'd order this salad even made to a high standard, to describe a chopped Greek with generic lettuce un chopped and this size seems like a fetch when many places offer a larger higher quality of a salad for a few bucks cheaper...I don't care about the few bucks but it Insulting at that price for a salad
1	My husband  and i have been to this restaurant several times along with our family , will NEVER GO BACK the food is very good the service is the worst !!!!!!  The last 3 times it has gotten worst , the first time we let it go the second time I called talked with the owner and told her how bad the service  was , my husband and I went there for dinner it was 8:30 pm we did not know they closed at 9 pm so the server was RUDE when she took our order I asked for some of the garlic bread and she said we may have some but they are old and we have had them all day ... REALLY like we want garlic bread that everyone has touched. When the food comes out, i ordered chicken parm, what a joke it was a bunch of old spaghetti with a piece of chicken on top it looked so bad that i did not even eat it. Although my husband's pizza was good . While we were eating they started cleaning the floors around us putting chairs up on table's while we were eating,  right next to us .The sever never checked on us gave us our check while we were still eating , we asked if we could have coffee and dersert she had attuide was SO RUDE!! So I called and talked to the owner the next day and told her what had happened and she was so nice and gave us credit and wanted us to come back so we did , should have never went back food was good the service was good Sterling was our server. With that said, it was my step daughters birthday and we had told him ,  wanted him to bring a cake with a candle which he never did .Had to ask in front of her for a dessert brought but  NO CANDLE charge us for the dersert which that's fine but no candle and did not ofter coffee , think he forgot took so long went and found him and said can we have check we were going to the movies . NEVER AGAIN. Oh and he had the check in his hand when I said for a third time it is her birthday can we get desert ? He was very nice and a great server but with that incident it was disappointing.  Really ??? Terrible......
4	We have been going here since it opened and really loved the food, the people, the service, and the atmosphere.  We still love everything about it, but have found the service had been very slow the past few times we've been there.  I have had friends tell me the same.  We won't stop going by any means, but worth mentioning -- just make sure you're prepared for a little wait --  it is worth it.  :)   My favorite is their Spinach Salad, and my kids love their pizza and chicken fingers. Their passion cookie dessert is delish too. :)
4	Nice Local neighborhood pizza place. Italian sub, bread knots and Mediterranean pizza are my personal favorites. The owner and staff are all friendly and accommodating.  Def need to stop in if you live in the area.
5	Happy to finally get to try Streets of New York! The cheesesteak was phenomenal! Steak is so tender and they add Alfredo- never would have thought to add Alfredo to a cheesesteak. It was spot on!My husband had their "Broasted Chicken" hands down the best fried chicken I have ever tasted. So tender, juicy and flavorful. The Passion Cookie is to die for! Served straight from the oven. Big enough to share!We live on the complete opposite side of town and will absolutely be making the drive back out for dinner!
5	LOVE the pizza... staff is amazing, friendly and courteous!!  Can't wait to come back :-) :-) :-)
5	My name is Ian. I am 7 years old and my mom is teaching me how to use yelp. I would like to say Streets of New York on Norman Rockwell has the best pizza in the world. They also have a great patio, a happy hour and the people are really nice.
5	Ok! Finally decided to place an order for two Pizzas and the Broaster chicken. Michael who took the order is Very Pleasant and took his time taking my order. I was told it will take 45 mins. to an hour but to my surprise it arrived early. And also to my Big Surprise, the quality of the Pizzas that I ordered and the Broaster Chicken, To die for! Good Job you Guys over there at Streets of New York Pizza! You are my family's favorite Pizza joint from now on! Only regret is I did not try you out sooner! I'll Be Back for more! Keep up with the Excellent Quality of your Pizza!
1	While calling in a order the cashier was repeating my credit card number I asked her not to do that, if it is entered wrong I'll repeat it she made a sigh disregarded what I said. I went on to finish my cc number and then told her I have had several thousands dollars stollen and she should at least acknowledged she heard me. She disregarded that too. I asked to speak with her supervisor she said she was it for the night. I again told her she should have been more sensitive to what I was telling her instead of acting like I never asked her anything.  Buyer beware they just lost a customer.
5	Sports games on every T.V., ice cold beer on tap, spicy wings and a steaming 18in Dback; I couldn't ask for a better night. The atmosphere was perfect for my family of four, the staff acted like we were family, and the food hit the spot! I know this is an Arizona chain but it is locally owned. The owner was our waitress and I could tell she puts her heart into her business. Streets made me feel as if I lived in a small town and  was a regular that came to eat every week! Go and enjoy the game, food, and beer, but most of all enjoy yourself!
4	Ohhhh, I've put off writing this review forever. It's time to face my shame. Streets of New York is one of my "I am feeling awful, please make me happy" indulgences. There is a three-step plan to bliss. The plan is as follows1: Artichoke Dip. (It's not perfect. There could be a few more crusty bread things to go with it, but I usually get delivery, and there are pretzel chips in my cupboard.)2: Pizza. (Thin crust, pepperoni and other things, depending on mood.)3: Passion Cookie. (They will bring the cookie hot, with a little tub of ice cream and toppings ice cold to your door. Because they are objectively wonderful people)Eat until you begin to regret.I've never been into the restaurant, but I've ordered delivery a lot. For 1, 2, and for a party with about 12 people who couldn't make up their minds. Everything always arrives quick, hot (or cold, if applicable) and delicious. It's a crowd pleasing sort of pizza.
5	This place has great pizza and subs.  My wife and I love going here.  The staff is also really friendly.  I also love that they deliver.  I saw this big beer last time we were there;  I know what I am having next time!
5	I love their food from the pizza to the dinners, its is always yummy, tastes fresh like a pizzeria should be.  The service is always spot on and very friendly.
2	I would first like to say that streets of New York has great food. That being said their customer service is terrible. We have a joke in our family that we say the motto should be "Streets of New York, hope you have time to eat here."They then take 5 to 10 minutes to get a drink order and then they finally get your food order food usually takes about 45 minutes to an hour. It not uncommon for your food to be incorrect. For example, this week we ate pizza and hot chicken wings with flats only. They gave us pizza with chicken wings that we're not Flats only and they were mild. The server did not come again for another 15 minutes for me to actually say this is not what I ordered by then we have already eaten and decided that we would just pay. If they ever change their customer service I would change my star rating to a much higher one. Also, when we eating it's very common to see the waitresses and bussers standing around talking to each other or sitting at the round table near the kitchen.
5	I ordered the New York Cheesesteak and the Broaster Chicken.  Quite honestly the best chicken in Vegas.  Beats out Popeye's by a mile.  The cheesesteak was outstanding. The pizza was great as always.  The meats used on everything, from the pizza to the wings to the sandwiches were amazing.  This is a great hangout!  The server was attentive and was on top of the drinks for the table and the pitcher of beer!  I came on a Sunday and they had a couple of NFL games on and had sound!  Great Sunday spot!  I will definitely return!
5	Absolutely amazing pizza and the shock top that they have on tap is sooooooo much better than what you'd get in a bottle. We got their house special new york combo pizza and a side of fries. Everything was perfect.
5	I rarely give out 5 stars but this food deserves it.  I shared a 10" BBQ chicken pizza and order of honey BBQ boneless chicken wings with a friend; I recommend getting two smaller things, for sure.  The perfectly crispy pizza crust is like mild garlic bread and the wings are really think and juicy.  The service was so, so but it's totally worth it.  I highly recommend.
2	If it weren't for the food, Streets of New York would have received a one-star review because the customer service is god awful. Our waitress was as useless as a fish out of water. She was an older gal with dark hair and a chip on her shoulder. We overheard a shorter waitress tell what I assumed was a "regular" customer that the area we had sat in was the "shitty waitress section". Go figure. We got our beverages quick enough but had a hell of a time trying to get our hands on the advertised complimentary garlic bread on the menu. After taking our food order, this so-called waitress sat next to a "regular" customer and chatted him up, then baby sat 2 kids at another table across the room. These kids definitely belonged to one of the restaurant employees. When she finally brought the garlic bread, it was basically the snickle-fritz (crappy leftovers). She said "This is what's left". How about you just wait until fresh new bread comes out the oven and then serve me the good stuff, woman??There was a young man who worked as the busser there, and he was busting his ass. He was basically picking up the slack of our waitress. Since our waitress was MIA, my husband had to go up to the bar and order a beer himself. On top of that, the menu advertises $2 bud light drafts during NFL games. Welp, there was a game on. The shorter waitress and the busser had no idea what he was talking about. But whatever, they figured it out and my husband got his $2 beer after much confusion.    I ordered the Special Ziti Pasta ($11.25) sans the sausage and my better half ordered a calzone with pepperoni, sausage, and onions. Calzones start at $10.25 and each topping, besides the cheese and stuff, is an additional $0.70. Ouch. I was ready to dig in, but oh look honey, there's no silverware. The busser brought us our silverware and the garlic bread that our waitress failed to deliver. The food was pretty good, but bad service always outweighs the food in my opinion. Our waitress swung by and we ordered dessert, the passion cookie ($5.75). After putting in the order, she unceremoniously placed the tab on the table without a word. The Passion cookie was amazing, way better than BJ's signature poozookie dessert. Too bad I'll never taste that dessert again since I'm never coming back. The check put an even bigger damper on our mood. The bill came to $37, which is way too expensive for this type of establishment. It's just a local laid back pizzeria, nothing special. Seriously, where do you get off charging $2.90 for fountain drinks? If you want overpriced food and shitty service, eat at Streets. If you're smart, you'll just walk past this pretentious restaurant and go to Leticia's instead.
4	I have eaten here several times and never had bad food. Great pizza, great broasted chicken and potatoes.I get food or sit down and eat here twice a month, and recommend the place to everybody.
