5	Got a sneak taste of the curry chicken. I usually like a hotter curry, but was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful it tasted! Flower Child uses only the freshest ingredients that don't have GMO!!! Clean food! I have celiac and am always looking for restarsaunts that cater to gluten free choices. Absolutely a must go to for a unique experience!!!
5	Went there today hoping they were open to public but alas not till the 29th. Gave my wife and I a complimentary ice tea though. Tea was quality! Can't wait for the food. Place looked great!
5	I'd like to introduce you to a great new Fox Restaurant Concept, Flower Child. I attended the VIP soft opening on Friday, April 25th. Being extremely hungry my boyfriend and I ordered a LOT of food and enjoyed all of it. The avocado hummus was recommended to us and it was delicious. A combo of creamy guac and hummus with flax flat bread. For my meal I got a "power bowl" with grilled chicken. It is hard to impress me with chicken because SO many place do not add any flavor. This chicken had lots of herb-y flavor and was tender. My boyfriend ordered the avocado wrap and enjoyed it but wished he had gotten a power bowl. The reason the power bowl is amazing is because the vegetable sides are FANTASTIC. I got 3 with my bowl and my boyfriend ordered 2 sides. here's what we tried:-Green Lentils, very tasty but nothing overly special-Smashed Potatoes- AMAZING and perfect in every way-Gluten Free Mac and Cheese- delicious and perfect because I am trying to remove gluten from my diet. The only complaint is that the spiral noodles were 1-2 minutes away from al dente meaning they were a bit crunchy. The sauce was delicious though.-Chili Roasted Sweet Potatoes- Most flavorful thing on my plate and very unexpected. Sweet and spicy. Mmmm!-Roasted Cauliflower with Curry spices- Also incredibly flavorful and perfectly cookedWe also tried the homemade lemonades (I sampled all 3) and the Kombucha. It was all delicious. My boyfriend loved the organic beer on tap and I cannot wait to try the wines! Finally, we tried the gluten free cookie and brownie. The cookie was delicious and moist. The brownie was too moist and rich and falls apart in your hands.Overall, Flower Child gets 5 stars on food alone. The decor is nice although more garden themed and not as many flowers or hippie themed decorations as the name Flower Child might suggest. Actually, come to think of it, the name makes little to no sense... I should also mention that the portions are pretty small on the appetizer and power bowl. I foresee this being a problem for them given the pricing ($15 for a protein bowl and sides). I know some people will complain. I will DEFINITELY go back because of the flavorful, healthy options. I appreciate the gluten free, vegan, organic options immensely! There is a HUGE market for a fast casual concept like this in Phoenix. Hopefully they will consider opening a more central location in the near future!
5	Atmosphere and decor are wonderful!! I tried the Mac & cheese, beef bowl and flying avocado wrap. Everything was tasty but the flying avocado was by far the best. I will be back for that soon!
5	This is a great addition to the FRC collection, and a great addition to the Arcadia 'hood. My daughter has celiac, so we are always looking for good options. This place has a vast majority of the menu as Gluten Free, which is awesome. I had the salmon, broccoli with Mac and cheese and it was exceptional. Great job FRC!
5	We came the day after opening day and loved this place. As per usual, Fox always has awesome decor.We enjoyed the counter experience, but come early because it gets busy very quickly for dinner. We ordered a beer and wine on tap and we each got the protein with a couple of sides. I had the steak, GF mac and cheese and roasted veggies. Fiance had chicken, kale and apple slaw and the asparagus. Everything was cooked perfectly in my mind and the roasted veggies were my favorite. Fiance said the mac and cheese wasn't his favorite because the texture is a little grainy from either the pasta itself or because they used a white rice flour (or something similar) but I actually enjoyed it a lot because of that. We have officially decided that we cannot move out of this neighborhood. There are just so many great places to go and this was a wonderful addition.
2	Nothing to write home about. The ambience was nice and the service was friendly. We ordered take out. I got The Rebel, my husband got the Spicy Salmon Nabemono and my friend for the mix-n-match. The flavor was good. Not great but good. You can definitely taste that there are high quality ingredients used but it was nothing stellar. Now for the portion sizes. I would give that one star. All three of us joked about going out to dinner AFTER we had finished. The portion sizes are small and do not warrant the high price tag. After all My wrap plus iced tea was $17 without tax! Not something you expect to pay for a wrap a few pieces of lettuce and an iced tea.  We will not be back. We feel like FOX concepts struck out on this one. If you want great flavor, high quality and better portions do take out or eat in at True Food Kitchen.
5	DELICIOUS! Everyone I went with has vegetarian items, but WOW. I love their lentils, macaroni tastes super buttery and delicious! My only complaint is that my potion of lentils is somewhat small for being $4, especially because lentils are so cheap! Anyway, great place. Definitely will be back.
3	Tough to find value. I stopped by Saturday night with friends and we just had time for take out. I had the Broccoli and Parmesan, Kale and Apple Slaw, and the grass fed steak as the protein. The meal tasted great but the portions weren't worth the $16 after tax cost. I had a feeling when I was handed the bag and it was very light. I would only go back at those prices to dine in for a special occasion. My feedback is to have take out specials ($10 for two items and protein for example) I would stop by then at least a couple times a week. Especially when I want a healthy light meal after working out. I'm sure the ingredients are top quality but it's just too much money for such a small meal and the take out customers pay for dine in atmosphere.
5	Food was very flavorful and I was not disappointed by the portion size as others have commented on. Highly recommend taking some time and visiting Flower Child. Fox has hit the nail on the head again with this one! Notes: - You stand in line to order and then chose a seat to have your food brought to you. - Servers are standing around the line looking to help and answer questions on the menu while you wait. - Very open atmosphere and pleasant experience while waiting. Food: + Avocado Kale Salad was much larger than I anticipated. The dressing was sweet but balanced wonderfully with the bitterness of the kale. You could possibly use less dressing, although I didn't find that to bother me too much. + Mix & Match:  + Roasted veggies were very well done and melted in your mouth. More carrots than anything.  - Dark greens were less flavorful and somewhat bitter.  - Beet/Citrus/Avocado is a must if you like beets. The combination pairs incredibly well together!
3	OK, I admit, there's a little prejudice against FC on my part even before I walk in the door. Between it and Steak 44, my mellow corner AJ's is a mere memory. Parking/traffic is now a total pain the ass.That said, I thought I'd give it a whirl for lunch today on my day off. I had to make a full circle through the lot before finding a single space. Walking up, I could already hear the buzz of way too many overly excited female voices. Ruh roh. The line stretched well out the door, but it did move quickly. Employees are stationed at the doorway before the registers to answer questions, a nice touch. Said helpful girl directed me to a little side register devoted to take out. To (ahem) ensure my experience was representative, I splurged for the 3-item mix + match, a big ol' drink, and a brownie (after sampling one at the register). $23.... ouch. I had elbows-out trying to get through the crowd to the drink station (ice teas, lemonades, etc.). Predictable mix of ladies-who-lunch, hipsters, soccer moms, fashionistas in leather shirts and $2000 handbags. Female:male ratio easily 4:1, if not higher. The decor is a little whitewashed-Midwestern-barn-chic for my taste, but it fits the name. It's quite open so the place is LOUD AS FUCK. I barely had a chance to get comfy on the big benches in the takeaway area before my food was ready, presented in a brown paper bag with a cute artichoke stamped on it, a takeout menu thoughtfully placed inside. I'd just finished checking out the cooler with to-go drinks, mentally scoffing at the $6 cold brew coffee and envisioning the idiot who would think it's cool to drink coconut water right out of the coconut. I fled the scene, trying not to step on wayward children, and hurried to my car as someone in a big SUV stalked me for my space. The verdict? Meh. The dark greens were very salty. VERY. The chili glazed sweet potato was decent, with an unexpected pronounced citrus flavor. Not spicy in the least. The tofu... well, it is tofu. Definitely nothing special. The clear winner was the sweet corn and quinoa. My God. Strap a feed bag on me full of that shit and I'll be good. The portions are not as dismal as one might suspect from other reviews; this will be two meals. The brownie was puzzling; different from the one I'd sampled earlier, although I'd ordered the same type. The one that came home with me was, again, heavily salted. Not bad, just not expected.While I'm impressed by the efficiency of a restaurant that is so new, I'm not blown away by the food itself. Regardless, I suspect I will end up here often, because a) it's walking distance from my house; b) lots of vegetarian options; and c) easy for takeout.
4	another win for the neighborhood! the parking situation is a drag, but if you can get past that, Flower Child is worth the effortI had the Kale salad..dee-lish and a 3 side combination of the broccoli/parm, beet/citrus and apple slaw...they were ok, but nothing spectacularI will definitely go back to try more of the menu
3	Yes, Sam Fox and his quest to be everything to everyone.  His knowledge of trends, design acumen, and flawless execution make him the slickest restauranteur this side of Bobby Flay. It is in that context that this place totally belies its intended aim. It portrays itself as an altruistic hippy enclave full of good vibrations, peace, and simple whole grown fare.  What you get is tawdry gossip from the 'Village' ladies, $17 protein bowls, and a spot that is capitalizing on the latest trend.Don't get me wrong.  My meal was tasty.  But at that price and with that atmosphere I would just assume eat a similar meal at a place like Chop Shop and donate the difference to the Peoples Republic of Sustainable Nicaraguan Coffee Growers or whatever the Whole Foods Crowd cause is at the moment.
3	All Sam Fox restaurants seem to have the same things in common: great atmosphere and interior design, ok food. I wish the food was as good, heck better, than the design work. I've had ok food and good food at Sam Fox restaurants but I've never had great food. A lot of people seem to say that. I do however admire his success and his variety of restaurants so cheers to that. I also want to give this place another try. So let's get to it....As usual the place looks cool, good vibe, friendly staff. Very friendly , A+ there. I was choosing between the Avocado Asian Salad with chicken or the Sesame Beef Bowl. The lovely girl helping me suggested the beef bowl win this war and rang me up. $16 for a beef bowl? Really?! Good lord. The salad would have cost me $14. And I thought the $12 LGO salads were a lot. The beef bowl came out really quickly which was impressive given how busy they were. And it was....forgettable. Pretty tried of ordering anything that has rice in the list of ingredients and finding out that's the majority of what I'm getting. Rice with a few other things here and there. The meat was not cooked all the way, rather chewy. The cauliflower was nice and well seasoned. And then I was left with a huge bowl of rice to eat. I left a good amount of it there. I'm here to be healthy-ish right? Salad, I should've salad. I will salad next time and depending on how that goes decide whether to return again after that or stick with LGO.
4	I'm vegetarian always looking for new vegetarian restaurants in the area. Flower Child is very close where I live  and very convenient for me. I went today Sunday with my boyfriend around 3 PM, the place was 90% full and we found a really nice spot outside. The food was delicious, mostly organic, good price considering the quality. The staff attention was good, lovely ladies explained us the menu and made us some recommendations.  The food was served really fast. I ordered red chili glazed Sweet potato with bok choy sesame seeds beats avocado citrus & tofu. I really enjoyed the tofu because was grilled. My boyfriend ordered the Veg Out with grilled Portobello hummus cucumber onions quinoa wrap, it was good but mine was much.  Decoration is nice and comfortable but nothing over-the-top. Definitely I'll come back to try other options
3	I like fresh, healthy food with many veg options, however I also like value.  My wife and I ordered 3 main dishes between the two of us and it did not make for a satisfying meal, The other couple we were with were in the same boat.I had the salmon from their hot pot section, it was poached in a spicy broth with some sweet potatoes it was good but light for $14, My wide had the veggie Pho it was nothing too special.We also got a plate of 3 salads, The avocado and citrus was a bit too slimy, the mushrooms and asparagus were well cooked and the beet salad was decent.The format is like a pei-wei order at the counter and take a number for you table, the menu itself shares inspiration from true foods.If you are on a diet this may be a great option. If you are hungry or looking for value it may not be the best idea.
4	Excellent lunch. Great food with very pleasant people , presentation and personality.
4	Healthy Healthy Healthy. Don't expect burgers, pizza and soda here. They are taken by wraps, salads, home made lemonade and pho.Not easy to find if you are not looking for the place. It is tucked behind Schmidt Jewelers on the Northeast corner of 44rh St and Camelback. The decor is everything you would expect from a Sam Fox Restaurant,  very nice and inviting. I tried The Rebel Wrap - Steak and the home made lemonade which both were very good. You order at the counter, a person assigns you a table and they bring the food to your table. The drinks are all in dispensers so you help yourself. Would recommend this place as a good place for lunch more so than dinner. Food was good, not real large portions but enough to fill you up.Would recommend trying this place and look forward to coming back to try another dish
5	I absolutely love it here. The ambiance, openness of the restaurant and the service are all great; I wouldn't expect anything less than fox. Been here two times now within the week and both times have made me want to come more. The first time I had the raw vegetable salad with chicken and the next, the Mediterranean salad. Both were very very good! I'm on a mission to try them all.The drink choices are also very good as well. No matter what you choose, they all will quench your thirst. I'll be back very soon !!!!
3	Another Sam Fox restaurant with the same results. A+ ambiance, great service, and a reasonable price point. But then there is the food. Don't get me wrong, everything I tasted was good, but nothing was done great. All the plates that I tried were neither exceptional or memorable. I left feeling unsatisfied and disappointed. Maybe I set a high standard due to how great all the other aspects of the restaurant are. But in order to keep me coming back, the food must be different, have exceptional flavor, or just be memorable in some positive way. Overall not bad, just not too exciting either.
4	Another cool atmosphere like everyone had mentioned, got there at 11:30 before the "lunch rush" and enjoyed my tofu wrap. Great place to hang & chat on the patio. Another great addition to Arcadia! Definitely a keeper in my book & won't be my last visit.
5	I just went to Flower Child and found it FANTASTIC.  I am not a vegan and I do like meat.  I had the Beet, Avocado and Citrus side with the French Green Lentils with Fennel and Thyme and Snap Pea and Sobe Noodles with Grass-Fed Beef and it was fantastic.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating and it was very busy.  I do not write a review and this is well worth it.I can not wait to come back again.
3	This is my third visit to Flower Child. I was willing to give it another try because my sister is obsessed with it!  Today my daughter and I ordered the Pho Soup and the Sliced Beef Bowl. The Beef bowl was decent, but nothing spectacular taste wise. My daughter had the Pho.  This had to be the worst bowl of pho I have ever sampled!  Tasteless and bland.  The upside is the manager was a sweetheart who promptly refunded our money and asked what they could do to improve the dish.  This is the reason why I will continue to frequent Fox Concept restaurants. The employees are spectacular and very well trained, she did not look a day over 21, but handled the situation like a true pro!!!  Also the girls at the counter are dolls!  I suggested that they send the chef down to a little hole in the wall called Pho AV to steal the secret to the broth that  makes Pho the special soup that it is.  With a little fine tuning taste wise Flower Child will flourish!!  The best thing about it is the homemade lemonades that are superb and made with real sugar.
3	My pho (broth soup) was 'good' but not worth $13.00, it was meatless and was not filling - i cannot justify that price for a broth soup. Left feeling a bit ripped off.
4	I'm usually a critic of Sam Fox's concepts but lately I'm developing a sympathy for them and Flower Child is helping.A down to earth unpretentious cool spot with great service and good food for a fair price, what else can you ask for?I had the asian avocado salad and the madras chicken curry.Both pretty good. A little too much kale in the salad and little avocado if you ask my opinion, but all in all pretty solid.I'll be back for sure.Cheers
4	I'm a big fan of Sam Fox's restaurant so i decded to give this place a try. Super cute decor, super fast service, but a bit overpriced. I ordered the grass fed steak protein plate with the Red Chili Glazed Sweet Potato. The potato's were AMAZING. So delish! My steak was cold.. however since the potatos were that good i didnt care about my steak being a bit cold. Definitely planning on going back to have some more potatoes!
3	Look the food is phenomenal, but when you leave spending $18 bucks for just your lunch and you got a wrap and a lemonade.....its hard its hard to get excited.
5	Flower Child couldn't be any cooler if it tried-- if I wasn't such a healthy eater already it would've converted me immediately. It's an open space, high ceilings, light and airy colors and booths- lots of booths, stripes, paisley and pillows.    Fresh lemonade are by the utensils and the menu is not incredibly expansive but a little overwhelming for a first time. The perks? Staff is SUPER friendly and talkative. When I geeked out over the fact that they have synergy kombucha ON TAP like a draft, she joined in. It was fantastic.       Not only do they have that but they also offer teas, mini coffee growlers, coconut water, hummus grab n goes and baked goods in and near the deli case.    Dinner was unreal. I did the vegetable and grains platter but couldn't pick just three so I got four different things. The portions are great sizes, i didn't feel like I was stuffed or that I had over eaten.    I tried their beets, avocado and citrus side, the Indian cauliflower with turmeric and cinnamon, the quinoa tabbouleh and the sweet chile glazed sweet potatoes.Everything was amazing and my obsession with sweet potatoes has only deepened after this amazing preparation.      We got the avocado hummus to split and it was excellent-- it has pumpkin seeds with it which gives it a nice texture and flavor variation. All in all, I wish I lived next door to this little hippie.
3	I came here with some friends the other week for some dinner. It was pretty good overall. When I first arrived I noticed parking was a nightmare. You might want to get there early if you are meeting people or look for parking not directly in front of the restaurant because the spots are pretty small and hard to come by. When you first walk in it is kind of confusing; you order at the register and then they bring your food to you. To me it looked like you would wait by the sandwich bar for your wrap/salad since they have the glass there, but I guess it is to add to the ambiance or whatever. The look of the restaurant was nice. It looked like something out of an Anthropologie advertisement. Kind of vintage with earthy colors, but still modern looking? if that makes sense. I ordered an avocado chicken wrap and got an iced tea. I chose the Acai iced tea which was AMAZING. It was probably one of the best I've had. When I got my food I was also impressed. It came with a side salad that was pretty good and the wrap was also yummy. I just found it hard to justify paying $16 for this meal. I felt like it was a good quality meal with great ingredients and could probably justify paying at THE MOST $12 for it. But to be honest at Whole Foods I could get a wrap and iced tea for around $10. It just kind of irked me. I also thought it was really loud in the restaurant. I couldn't talk at all to the people at the other side of the table which stunk because we came as a group. Maybe the outdoor seating is better, but it was kind of warm out. The food was good, but I probably won't come back. I can get organic wraps and salads at many other places for much cheaper.
3	NO WIFI.  This place has a good scene, healthy food, and friendly staff.  But man, oh man, is it overpriced compared to Chop Shop or LGO.  Scan the reviews and you'll see this is a consistent theme.  Went twice and probably won't go back.  I would give the food 4 stars and the value 2.5.
4	I am happy to have a healthier food option in the neighborhood.  I enjoy the dishes I've had so far,  especially the Salmon Namemono(?) :-) Light, Asian, and it goes down easy if I eat late after work.  All in all everything I've had so far has been very good. Avoid prime time if you want to find parking and avoid a hectic atmosphere though! I think they've done a lot to help the job market out! Tons of employees!
5	Healthy eating in a fun atmosphere. Im a vegetarian; my husband isnt so I was thrilled he wanted to go. Theres protein options so theres really something for everyone. The 3 of us all had wraps - chicken, steak and veggie. All came with a small salad. We also got a side of mac and cheese - good flavor but the texture was different. The wraps were large amd tasty. The workers were all friendly and very happy. Its such a clean, bright, cheery place.  Would definitely go back.
5	This place just plain rocks. Healthy options galore, gluten free and vegan options AND Brew Dr. Kombucha! Stop reading this review and get down here.
5	Sweet corn with quinoa creamed with Greek yogurt UNREAL!This place takes boring veggies and amps them up with creative bold flavors. I was diagnosed with diabetes two months ago and have been looking for ANY restaurant that caters to a healthy lifestyle. This is it!!!Looks like Sam learned a lot from his association with Tru Foods.  KUDOS for helping us get back into good health. I will be back often.
4	Love the pick 1,2 or 3 option! My favorites are the spicy glazed sweet potatoes and the soba noodles!! They always have a great selection of fresh lemonade!
5	Similar to True Foods but more convenient, order at the counter concept. Love it! Have only been here once but looking forward to going back.
5	Love this place, food is so healthy and good.
4	Kombucha on tap?! This place has enlightened me to new levels of hip-ness. The method of ordering and getting tables can get a little confusing for first timers, but this is a lovely restaurant with a matching atmosphere. Food is delicious and fresh, but it can be a little loud at the peak hours.
5	This place was excellent. Great choices, add on proteins, teas and lemonade, no soda, why, cuz it's healthy food here. Servers super friendly, welcoming, appreciative. Tips are odd here as it's set up like a wildflower, but it's so far from that for service, food choices and quality, and atmosphere. Wish they had more locations around the valley! Well done on this concept.
5	Great quality food and fun atmosphere. I had the avocado hummus and the quinoa salad- both were delicious.  Great job Fox restaurants on another amazing restaurant.
5	I came to Flower Child with a friend for the first time and we loved it! First of all, great vibes. Fresh, clean, bright, busy-  but not overly crowded. Phoenix becomes a better place every time Sam Fox opens a new restaurant. We shared the avocado hummus which was fantastic. I had the beets, sweet potatoes, and a side of chicken for protein. I was OBSESSED with the beets and sweet potatoes. The chicken was plain grilled, but with some hummus and Cholula it was just right. Lemonade was great as well, especially since you can mix and match to make your own Arnold Palmer. Definitely will be coming back very soon!
2	I am a huge fan of Sam Fox's restaurant concepts, but this one I just can't get behind. Exceptionally overpriced and very very bland food.
1	Just went from 5 to 1 stars b/c they don't recycle!  An entire restaurant, imagine their impact.  Not to mention their whole concept is healthy and earth conscious at this place (one of the kids books they have is about recycling!), but all their plastic cups go to a landfill.  What a disappointment and hypocrisy! No wifi btw!Old review: So, I go a lot and my new fave salad is the Mediterranean (I tell them light dressing b/c they really can overdo it), and the Spicy Salmon entree.  Also, I like the soups (the chicken tortilla is fabulous) but I found the Pho, Veggie Bean Soup, and the Coconut Curry a bit too salty.  Healthy, delicious, great staff and service, and really it does not get better.  MY FAVE and the best salad ever - Quinoa Salad!  Add chicken for protein.  Great kids meals that are healthy.  The Salmon Entree is delish!  For kids, the Quinoa-Corn and Mashed potatoes are great (although the quinoa corn is a bit sweet for me).  The wraps are great, my fave is the veggie and I add tofu to it.  Lemonades so good and use cane sugar.  It's the best!  Avoid going at the lunch rush b/c there will be a long wait.
5	Yep, this is a perfect lunch dinner spot. Bright, friendly, healthy, neighborhood and family friendly, and the food was very flavorful. The menu was a little confusing at first but I always just ask what the most popular dishes are and go from there. I wish it was a little less expensive as I would go there a few days a week for luch, but I cannot justify spending over $9 or $10 on lunch, so it's a once in a while kind of lunch eatery.
5	Food tastes fresh, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. I recommend the salmon. Cooked perfectly.
4	This atmosphere is light and fun and the food is delcious although pricey for lunch.Love that they have the same Kale Apple Slaw as the Henry!
5	the options for healthy eating in the PHX just keep getting better and better. and thanks to the ever expanding food domination of Fox Concepts, we have another of his creations to thank. we have not had a single negative experience with Fox restaurants, and this newest addition (for us) is no exception. the decor...typical for cleanliness and absolute charm. the food is exquisite...and another option for veg heads without settling for other restaurants where the only option is "veggie burger" or "salad". portions here tend to veer on the "lesser is better" option and we agree. they even offer vegan wine....a bit expensive, but the novelty was worth it however, i'll stick with water next time. overall, prices are reasonable for the food. so many options i can't even begin....ok, i was going to try but there is just too much. and.....there are options for meat eaters, like grass fed beef. all in all, i was very pleased with my meal...it was flavorful yet simple. like i said, another great option for those of us trying to care for our bodies.
5	Awesome!  Another Fox home run.  Great place for a quick, light, healthy meal!!  Will definitely be back!
4	Calories don't exist here. Ok yes they do, but if I were to guess, I'd say that they are much more minimal than other restaurants! Everything here tastes fresh and healthy. Popular during the lunch hour, this shop knows how to serve food efficiently to large groups. You order at the counter, get a drink and then take a seat at a table to wait for a server to bring your food. You can also order takeout and wait at the counter. Food comes out within 10 minutes max, even on a busy day! The staff here is always friendly and cold water welcomes the guest upon arrival. For food, I've now ordered four things off the menu. I've ordered the Mediterranean salad with chicken, the hummus starter, the Crudite and most recently, the Flying Avocado wrap. Everything I've had here has been spot on, but my favorite thing so far is the Flying Avocado wrap. It comes with chicken, avocado hummus, gouda (but I left that out), lettuce and tomato. Each ingredient complimented the other and I especially liked the kick of the avocado hummus. I gobbled up each bite. The wrap comes with a salad but the salad doesn't have anything on it, so the side lacks. If you want more than just the wrap, I suggest substituting the side with something else or getting a starter. They also have excellent lemonade and tea, but don't expect to get a soda!
4	So this is like the faster, healthier, more casual version of the Henry. I think the food is a little overpriced and the place is a little too seen-and-be-seen-ish, but I keep returning, because the concept works for me. I'm always looking for healthy convenient options and Flower Child fits the bill. I like how organized they are in the ordering process; you walk in and a staff member will grab a table and put a number on it for you while you order. This process prevents you from having to meander around stalking people for a place to sit, it makes for a lot less awkward experience.  Everything I've tried so far has been quite tasty, the quinoa salad is delicious and filling with crunchy kale and flavorful manchego, I get it with grilled tofu for extra protein. I've also had the "pick 3" and I highly recommend the sweet corn and quinoa, it's very rich and creamy you can't tell that it's healthy at all. I also really enjoy the Flying Avocado wrap, the chicken is cooked perfectly and the hummus and avocado go really well with the veggies, also they let me substitute the gouda for manchego without the bat of an eyelash which was really nice.  My favorite part of Flower Child is the fresh lemonade that comes in seasonal flavors and the delicious fresh brewed Iced Tea. I'm a sucker for a good Arnold Palmer and I love being to make my own and come back for unlimited refills. If  you're looking for a casual healthy dining experience in the Arcadia area I would recommend checking out Flower Child.
4	This restaurant is amazing! You must try it if you are a fan of healthy eating! There is an option for everyone! The Fox restaurants are my favorite and I love True Food but this might be a close second! The wait time was much easier because you order at a counter and you do not have to wait for a table!
5	If we were going off my personal opinion on the taste of food alone, I would probably only designate four stars.  BUT, this is the only place where the kid meal comes with broccoli (or roasted veggies, kale/apple slaw, you get to decide...).  If I cook broccoli sprinkled with Parmesan at home, my kids will push it around on their plate.  But at Flower Child, I caught them fighting over the last piece of broccoli.  So Bravo, Flower Child. Nicely done.I took my husband here as well and he got the Flying Avocado, which is a burrito with avocado. But it's not like a mammoth man-size Chipotle burrito, it is a normal burrito, representing a generous yet practical and digestible serving size.I appreciate the lack of fried food and a fresh option outside of the AJ's salad bar. Because lets face it, AJ's is cool but their salad bar is no Whole Foods, except in price.The only thing I do not like about the chicken-nugget-less kid meals are the enormous drinking cups that they come with.  The options for filling these cups (outside of water) are a variety of teas (caffeine!) and lemonades (sugar!)  Everything in moderation so I recommend watering down the lemonade for kids, and maybe even adults, if you do not like things coyingly sweet.What I wanted to touch on (because I doubt anyone else will take it there) is the bathroom mirrors.  I am not saying they are bad, or saying they are good, I am just saying that it is always an interesting sight to be facing a full length mirror while you use the restroom.  My daughter was especially intrigued by this and very determined to watch herself go in as many ways as possible.  So far I have tried the steak, pho, and a variety of side dishes - everything is tasty and if my man-size-burrito loving husband enjoyed it, I would say there is something there for any type of eater.  Except for those who only eat french fries.
5	I came today on my lunch and oh my gosh!!! This restaurant is to DIE FOR!!!! Organic everything. Even the ketchup! KETCHUP!!!! Love that they had the vegan ORGANIC pho! I'm getting that next time, this time I had the hummus and the pita bread! I love that the pita bread is so thin! It was awesome! The tea and my hummus were a perfect lunch! And, the service was perfection!!!!
5	Flower Child has been open for barely a couple weeks and already there is a line out the door when you want to grab lunch or dinner.  Good thing it's a healthy fast food focused restaurant.  True to their concept, even with a huge line, the man in charge is at the door helping guests get seated as quickly as possible (you'll know him because he looks like that guy from Ocean's 11).  The food is ordered at the counter and made by a line of employees and brought out to your table.With a family full of allergies from milk, gluten to peanuts, I really do appreciate that Flower Child has so many dishes that can accommodate all of us.  On top of that, I'm constantly trying to eat healthier and I dig quality and healthy food - Flower Child hits the spot.You can order anything from kombucha on tap, which is delicious (I'll take some to go) or there many flavors of lemonade (my son's favorites) to teas.  They even have some beer on tap but we recommend the kombucha.  Start with some avocado hummus, the sweet corn and pumpkin seeds were a good addition.Try the Rebel sandwich and your taste buds will thank you.  The grass-fed steak is enticing and the rest of the ingredients really tie it together: port salut cheese, horseradish yogurt sauce and arugula.  The side salad was simple but worked well together.  We ordered the Asian Avocado salad, a favorite at the restaurant kale with creamy avocado, crunchy cucumber and sesame vinaigrette.I'm a huge fan of their steak, I probably won't order any other protein from here again, I like it that much.  You can get the Vegetable and Grain plates with or without protein.  The salmon is pictured below, cooked well and kept plain so that it doesn't overtake the entire dish.  My favorite side (you must order it) is the creamy corn and quinoa.  I also really like the gluten free mac and cheese, red chili glazed sweet potatoes and Indian spiced cauliflower. I would suggest if you are going for dinner, you order the Madras Curry Chicken, I'll eat curry everyday and this one was surprisingly good. Let's not forget dessert, I always save room.  Their lemon olive oil cake and chocolate cupcake were moist and divine, the crostata was ok, compared to the other desserts, I felt it lacked zing.I don't normally take dessert to go but I would seriously recommend that you do.  The brownie they have by the cash registers melts in your mouth, it is so good, I will not share with anyone.  The rice crispy treat, oatmeal raisin cookie and chocolate hemp cookies were all good but the brownie, oh that brownie!
4	I love the ambiance and the service.  I especially love that vegan options are specified on the menu, so it's easy to dine there with my meat-eating friends. The food is good, my favorite is the veg out wrap and the red chili glazed sweet potato (I love sweet and savory foods).I'll be back to try the complete menu and ill update my review accordingly.
5	This will be an Arcadia staple in no time.  Excellent, healthy food.  Tons of mix and match options.  I had the pho (and substituted chicken for tofu).  It was delicious.  Beautiful space.  Looks gorgeous inside.  Really tasty lemonade and tea made in house.  To think that this was the Blockbuster where I rented DVDs in a time not so remote.  The world moves...
5	Yippee! I was so looking forward to trying Flower Child especially after seeing their menu online. As I mentioned in previous reviews I am a fan of Fox Restaurants and I feel like Sam Fox is like Midas and again he has turned a dining establishment into gold. My friend and I ate lunch there today. Flower Child is a fast casual concept where you place your order and then they bring you your food.I ordered the Asian Avocado salad and a side of sweet corn w/ quinoa. Everything was absolutely delicious. I pretty much devoured the whole meal. I let my friend do most of the talking while we were eating because I was enjoying the food so much! My brain was in total food reward mode. Oh...did I mention that they have gluten free baked goods? I had a gluten free bittersweet brownie and I'm pretty sure it revolutionized my entire life. I'm pretty sure if the brownie were a man, we would be walking down the aisle.
5	I had been hearing so much about Flower Child in the last few months and was dying to check it out. Being just a couple blocks down from my green beauty headquarters at the Biltmore what a convenient place this would be to grab a healthy lunch or dinner on an occasional basis. When I walked in the decor was super very fun and welcoming. The menu I thought was a bit confusing at first but figured it out. I realize that you could really customize it which I like. I love this place and now stop and pick up a lunch or dinner to go. Knowing that they use all local and fresh ingredients is super important to me as well.
5	This is the third time we've come here . Have had something different each time and it's all been great. My wife has had salads each time and loves them all. I tend to go more the protein route. The staff are always friendly. And there is just a vibe to this place that feels good. People eating here look happy and somehow more healthy. Weird!
5	This place is everything I hoped it to be. The daily vegetable soups, gluten free chocolate chip cookies and brownies, and veggie wraps are so delicious. My favorite menu item has to be the chili glazed sweet potatoes, though. Seriously, get them! I could eat 3 orders for lunch!
4	Now here's a Fox Restaurant Concept I can get behind (well, mostly).  The prices are still exorbitant for what you get (hence the reason I can't give this 5 stars), but that's the story of the entire Fox family.  Like Sauce, Flower Child is a fast casual concept.  Step in, order your food and pay at the counter, and seat yourself.  Unlike Sauce however, you're given a lot of freedom to customize your meal in a multitude of ways.  And the menu is decidedly on the healthier end.  Tonight I came with my siblings for the newest Fox experience.The restaurant is located across the street from the Henry, on the northeast corner of 44th and Camelback just behind the Schmidt Jewelers.  When you step inside it almost feels like a health food restaurant.  I'm not sure why, but the color scheme and the setup just gives off that type of vibe.  Not a hipster or hippie vibe, more like an indoor farmers market vibe.  At any rate, we came around 6pm on a Sunday.  It was starting to get busy but there was still plenty of seating available inside.I decided to go with a veggie & grain bowl as those are the most customizable of the menu.  You choose one of four proteins and then add 1, 2, or 3 amongst 12 possible side items.  For my protein, I went with the salmon.  For the sides, I went with the roasted veggies, organic mashed potatoes, and seasonal fruit.  They also have more exotic options like quinoa, kale, sweet potatoes, and even soba noodles.  For a drink I went with lemonade.  They actually have about a half dozen lemonades you can choose from at their lemonade dispenser (all mixed in house).  I went traditional and chose the house lemonade.  Total cost for my bowl and lemonade was $20.  Yup, its pricey, though I guess the silver lining was that I didn't have to tip anyone.Took less than 10 minutes for them to bring the food to our table.  The presentation was impressive and the portions were adequate (I was actually expecting smaller).  In terms of taste, I was actually pretty impressed.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and had enough where it felt like a main course of the dish.  I was actually really surprised how good the veggies were.  Some of them had a good char on them but it didn't detract from the taste at all.  The potatoes were super creamy without feeling like I was scooping up a butter bomb.  And the fruit bowl was very fresh.  And maybe Sam Fox was listening to me when I said I despised all the pulp I had in my lemonade at the Henry.  Here, there wasn't a trace of pulp in my lemonade.  Thank goodness.  The service we received was excellent.  Granted there wasn't much of it to be had since its fast casual, but the gals at the register were friendly and helpful with the menu and the woman who brought our food and took our plates was also very friendly and attentive without being intrusive.  By the time we were done, the place was jam packed with Arcadia residents, but it still felt comfortable to us.So alright Sam Fox, we haven't seen eye to eye very often, but you might actually be on to something with this concept.  For the health conscious and foodies alike, there's a lot to like about this place.  The prices are still steep for what you're doling out, but at least here you're doling out some really good quality food, quality service, and the always quintessential Fox atmosphere.  And at least here we the customers have some say over the look of our food.  And once again Sam, thank you for expelling the pulp from my lemonade.
3	I love the idea of this place but my first experience wasn't great. I has the quinoa salad (yum) with a side of kale slaw (too much vinegar). It was so loud I could hardly hear my lunch companion but what annoyed me the most was being charged $4 for a drink. Yes, it's a large cup but c'mon.... $4 for iced tea? I will go again if a group is going and I want to be with them but probably won't be the one to suggest it. If I go, I'll swing by AJ's and get a tea first.
1	Wasn't impressed with this Fox restaurant. Search dinnerSlut for complete review. Read BAD TRIP, a one heart review before you waste your time and money. Check out all my reviews.
3	This is good if you are trying to eat healthy or on a diet. I guess I usually go out knowing I will be eating something I can't make at home. My tofu and my friends chicken were both bland- no sauce or flavor. Expensive and left hungry. I would try it again because there was a lot more in the menu but I could get much tastier food from AJS right next store or true foods down the street for the same price.
4	As a vegetarian who tries to stay away from too much dairy and gluten, I was VERY excited to hear about this place opening. It was pretty busy when I went, which was at a somewhat obscure time in the afternoon. Our cashier was very nice, told us about some of the delicious things they had to offer.Their avocado hummus, oh my god. YUM. Would come back just for that, seriously so good. We got just veggies on the side, and it came with a nice array of dipping vegetables. It was beautiful. I usually only get water when I eat out but decided I wanted to try a tea or lemonade. All of the lemonades were too sour or had a flavor I did not like. I decided to go for the hibiscus tea and wasn't too happy with it. To me it just tasted kind of watered down. My mom liked it though! Just a matter of taste/ opinion I suppose.Instead of getting an actual meal, my mom and I just got 4 sides and shared them. We got the roasted vegetables, the curried cauliflower, chili glazed sweet potatoes, and lentils. I love anything and everything sweet potato related so that was my favorite. Everything else was good as well. Finished off with sharing a bittersweet gluten free brownie, and a gluten free oatmeal cookie. The brownie was extremely rich, but they were both delectable. I also loved the decor of the restaurant, very cute. Would love to come back and get that amazing avocado hummus again..and try something new!
5	Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  Love this place!!  Amazing iced teas and lemonade flavors.  My new favorite spot.
2	All salads tasted pretty good. Service top notch. However the portion size and price for what you get leaves me no choice but 2 stars. I felt violated after my four dollar soda and 13 dollar bite sized salad.
5	I came here with a friend for lunch. Absolutellllyyyyyyyy love this place. They have the best mint lemonade and their veg out wrap was phenomenal, with a side salad. The girl at the register was very nice, very patient because it was my first time there, since I was asking 25 questions. Haha. I can't wait to come back and try the other lunch specials:)
5	I chose this spot for my birthday lunch with girlfriends. We were met at the door by an adorable young woman who very enthusiastically explained how to order and what her recommendations were. We pretty much followed her choices and picked the avocado hummus, quinoa and sweet corn, a veggie wrap, and the apple-kale slaw! We sat in a corner banquet, and the noise level was fairly reasonable. I would recommend they offer some little bolsters or cute throw pillows as the banquet is NOT very comfortable! The food came very quickly, even though it was pretty busy. I must say, we loved everything! I am anxious to try to recreate several at home! And the four items were just right for the three of us...with a shared lemon birthday bundt cake for dessert! I think three staff came to the table to check to see if we were happy with our food. Clear away was timely and we felt comfortable staying awhile to open gifts and chat as the crowd was clearing out. Restroom was nicely decorated and tidy, and had a clever "toe opener" for a clean hand exit! I will definitely return with other health conscience friends I know will appreciate the vegetarian and gluten free options! Might be a bit pricey for serving sizes, but I'm willing to pay for food that well constructed!Good job, Fox!
5	Deliciously heathy food - nice portions, reasonable prices - in a beautiful atmosphere with warm, friendly service...eat here!  Order at the counter, plunk your number on a table, and a delcious meal will come to you!This Fox concept is most similar to True Food - the same level of healthy (great ingredients, great taste) with a simpler menu at lower prices.  The charming open layout is also reminiscent of True Food but cuter and more casual.  Even the bathrooms are beautiful - stainless steel and art deco.But let's cut to the chase: the yummy food.  The menu boasts a wonderful selection of sides and proteins, which you can mix and match.  There are also plenty of salads, wraps and appetizers. It took us ages to order with all of the excellent choices.Our food was delicious!!  I had Salmon with Organic Smashed Potatoes and Heirloom Tomatoes - the potatoes were magically creamy and flavorful (order this!) and the tomatoes were perfectly ripe.  The generous portion of salmon was tasty - cooked nicely.   I stole a bite of my husband's Thai Dye Wrap, and it had great flavor - even the actual wrap tasted good!The desserts are all gluten free - we took a couple of rice krispie treat bars to go, and found them to be a tasty movie treat, later on.
1	watermelon salad is blah. Romaine should be changed to arugula, romaine was added wet, thus the dressing was diluted.Maybe just a bad day
2	Def a case of style over substance. Tofu is flavorless and everything else over spiced. Super small portions for the price. Kids' Mac and cheese served cold. Bleh.
2	Last night, I was there anticipating a nice gathering based on all the other reviews. Well, I think it is called Flower Child because we need to be on happy pills from the 60's to mind NOT waiting in line forever just to place an order. Then if you decide later to try the raved on brownies, be prepared to stand in line AGAIN for another 15 minutes just to get pre-wrapped brownies (which were dee-lish).  The food was ok and cold. The servers were all very young and pleasant. The smashed potatoes praises must be from people who never cook or ever made mashed potatoes??  Three of us at the table said the smashed potatoes were oversalted.. Bring your smart phone with games to play while waiting in line to order at busy times and waiting for the delivery to the table. Definitely don't forget anything or you will be condemned to another LONG wait in the line.  What ever happened to table service? Rather pricey for serve yourself dining.
5	Darling atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The food selections are great!  All healthy and you basically create your own meal.  It is a little pricey, but one of my favorite new healthy restaurants.
4	Yum! I'm thrilled that there's a new place in town with a bunch of vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options!  A friend took me here recently for a late birthday dinner.  I think its pretty cool that you can make a meal of sides, so that's what I did!   I had the heirloom tomatoes, spicy glazed & roasted sweet potatoes, and the quinoa tabbouleh... All three for $10!  You can also add a protein to your meal such as chicken, beef, tofu, or salmon, but I didn't this trip.   I was craving quinoa, and theirs was good!  I would've like some cucumber and/or tomato in there, but it was super tasty and refreshing as it was.  The heirloom tomatoes were just about heaven...  Drizzled with just a hint of good EVOO and reduced balsamic, and sprinkled with flaked sea salt... My mouth is watering just thinking of it.  And then there are the sweet potatoes.  Perfectly roasted with a sweet chile glaze, chopped bok choy and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  Dee-Lish!  They also have a cucumber mint lemonade that smelled amazing, so I may have to try that next time.  I must note that currently all of Flower Child's desserts are gluten free, but not vegan.  One of the hostesses informed me that they used to have vegan options, and would soon be bringing them back!  Until then, Flower Child... until then.
3	I was excited about this place - being that we don't eat meat. When we went, we paid over $25 for a wrap and 3 sides.  The 3 sides were so SMALL.  We got the cauliflower, which we literally got 3 florets - now, they tasted amazing, but come on, 3 florets!? We also got the noodles, which was in a super small side cup, we finished in about 5 bites.  Then we had the mashed potatoes which they threw on the plate and it ran under the other 2 side cups, it just looked like 2 tablespoons of runny mashed potatoes - but they tasted great!  The wrap was very good, just so SMALL.  We were just disappointed and felt like they were definitely taking advantage of the area, thinking people will pay such high prices for such little amounts of food.*Note this an order at the counter and site and wait for your food to come out with your number - like Paradise Bakery or Wildflower.Unfortunately, we left here thinking, ok where are we going to go for dinner now?  So we won't be back, which is sad.
5	Another great Fox Concepts restaurant!  We stopped in this evening for an early dinner and glad we came early as this place really fills up.  The staff was so welcoming, friendly and described the menu to us in detail as we were first timers.  The decor is beautiful...shabby chic and just pretty.  The food was delicious and healthy too.  I enjoyed a veggie plate with curried cauliflower, gluten free mac 'n cheese and sweet corn and quinoa with greek yogurt with some added salmon as my protein.  It was the perfect dinner and tons of food since I was starving!  The raspberry pomegranate lemonade was quite tasty too...fresh made and pretty tart.  As an added bonus, I took advantage of their promotion to follow them on Instagram and save 10% on the total bill...love that!Definitely check this great place out for a quick, healthy bite to eat!
4	We were very confused when we stood in line finally got to the order counter only for him to say you need a table number. Then we went to find a table and were told the hostess had to find it and give us the number. The hostess was no where to be found she was too busy there were a lot of people trying to order. No where did it say the hostess will get a table or do not order until you have a table. Finally we get a table get back in line get to the counter and the girl says I am going to help the large group behind you. No I told her we have been in this line three times. Needless to say we ordered and sat down. The food arrived and it was absolutely delicious! Just like our son described. Are we getting on in Tucson?
4	Great spot for vegans from out of town! We had the soba noodles, cauliflower , sweet potatoes, and beets with citrus salad. Some may think the portions are small, but we were completely satisfied. We'll be back next time we are in town.
4	Love the wraps, love the salads. Hard to not finding something you don't like. Super clean, friendly staff.
2	Food is delicious, but pricy for the portion size and the service. I had chicken curry it was delicious, $13 plus another $4 for a side of brown rice that amounted to about  1 cup of rice. No wonder the restaurant is at 30% capacity on a Friday night. My friend had the Thai wrap, she was told its not spicy, I tasted the food, it was medium hot. Tried it once, that's enough, not going back.
3	(Lyrics - Guns N Roses - Sweet Child of Mines)It's got a salad that it seems to meReminds me of Mojito memoriesWhere everythingWas as fresh as an organic gardenNow and then when I attend the placeIt takes me away to that special placeand if I stay too longI'll probably Bo Bites and YelpWhoa, oh WhoaFlower Child of mineWhoa oh oh ohFlower Child of mineFlower Child is another concept by Fox.  What's up with his latest invention you ask?  Flower Child is a farm to table concept that is on the rise as more people are aware of the what they're putting in their mouth!  Or do they?  So my group ordered the Asian Avocado salad with Chicken, Quinoa salad, Indian Spiced Cauliflower, The Rebel Wrap, and the Spicy Salmon Nabemono.  From what I gather; everything is pretty much vegetarian and you add your choice of protein; Chicken, Beef, Salmon, Tofu, all organic or natural of course!  The Asian Avocado with Chicken was my favorite! The aroma of the sesame oil vinaigrette was sweet and spicy.  The Kale salad was fresh and crunchy along with the radish.  The Quinoa salad reminded me of a mojito.  No thanks to the Indian Spiced Cauliflower, too bland and charred while the seasoning just didn't go well with the soft sauteed cauliflower.  The Rebel wrap was delightful, but the horseradish yogurt can be over powering.  Finally, the spicy salmon had the sweet and smoky broth which was tasty, but everything was just a mushy mess.  Overall, not a bad place for lunch for sure.  Definitely not a date place, but a lot of eye candy from what I see - wink!  In the end, the whole gluten free farm fresh to table thing is still new.  If I asked 10 people what Gluten is; I'm sure 1 or 2 can answer that question. - Enjoy!
5	Arcadia as usual. Great food and super fast service. We walked in, ordered, and literally within 2 minutes of sitting down.. had our fresh food delivered. Highly recommend this place.
5	Love the menu, love the service. I had lunch here on Friday for my first time here. There was a line of course when I walked in at 12:15 and the place is definitely a little noisy. Right away someone greeted me and asked if I'd be eating here or taking it to go. She reserved a table for me and my friend so we didn't have to wander around trying to find a place to sit after ordering (always the worst part of restaurants like wildflower, paradise, etc). We ended up spending $35 for two people for lunch, but I'm ok with that since we got two salads (both with protein added), iced tea, and fresh juice. My husband even commented that the food was much better quality that what we'd get at another fast-casual type restaurant. I ate here again a few weeks later - called my order in and it was ready to go when I arrived. They even have a separate door and counter for take out. Not cheap - $22 for lunch, but that's on me for getting salad with chicken, juice, and a brown rice krispy treat. I was still hungry later that afternoon - portions aren't huge, but quality is top notch.
3	My mom noticed this place went in so she treated my brother and I to dinner. I am a pretty big eater and I was disappointed when I got my wrap. The portions are pretty small. On top of this, I had a hard time picking something off the menu. Just, the food is different. The service is pretty good....not the greatest.
5	Whichever property developer picked the location for Flower Child could not have done a better job. This is a health-nut's dream restaurant, and they placed it at the center of a triangle of gyms and health clubs. Smart.Flower Child has pulled off a difficult trifecta: it's trendy, healthy and delicious. The Healthy:Everything is fresh, locally sourced and organic. Even the staff. There really isn't a single thing on the menu that is bad for you. Lots of fresh vegetable options, lots of healthy grains and rices, lots of healthy proteins, and not a lot of cheese or pasta. This is food as it should be. You won't leave feeling engorged or disgusting. Just full and satisfied.The Trendy:Normally this warrants a degree of trepidation from me. Oftentimes trendiness comes at the sacrifice of tastiness. Fortunately this is not the case. I have a natural prejudice against ingredients like quinoa. Do people eat it because they really enjoy it, or because psychologically it feels good to eat "healthy." But Matt, the host, recommended it so I ordered it, and tried it, and it was incredible. If you are going to order anything, order the corn and quinoa.The Delicious:Again, the corn and quinoa is incredible. Also good is the avocado hummus, the steak, and the glazed sweet potatoes. The broccoli is just simple steamed broccoli, but it was fresh and still firm and nicely balanced the meal. If you're a little crunchy and feeling adventurous, don't miss out on the kambucha. It's an acquired taste I haven't acquired yet, but don't let that hold you back.I like you, Flower Child.
4	I'm far from a hippie, but I'm a huge fan of Fox Restaurant Concepts, and Flower Child is my new favorite...I've already been a handful of times and while I admit, it's on the pricey side, I'll pay more for organic, local, healthy cuisine any day.  Be warned, however: the parking lot can get crowded during lunch, but it's worth it to park farther away or be patient and wait for a spot... Once you step inside Flower Child, you'll find friendly service and tons of menu options for both adults and kids.  (I still want to take my kids in to see if they like the kiddie options, but I've seen others enjoying).  It's a fast casual concept, so order at the counter and find your table and your food will be brought to you.  That is, of course, after a pit-stop to fill your drink cup with your choice of three different teas and / or three different lemonades.  I suggest mixing and making your own unique version of an Arnold Palmer.  Free refills included!The Asian Avocado Salad with Chicken or Salmon is my latest go-to order for lunch, but I don't think you can go wrong here... just order whatever sounds good and know you'll be nourishing your body with healthy ingredients.  You've gotta feel good about that!As an afterthought worth sharing, I did order the Raw Local Veggie appetizer a couple of times in the hopes that it would compare to True Food Kitchen's Crudite appetizer, but sadly, it does not.  The Tzatziki at Flower Child is not good at all.  I'd suggest serving with the black olive tapenade like TFK and/or getting the TFK tzatziki recipe instead.Lastly, if you're looking to bring food in for your family, friends, or a small gathering, Flower Child does offer a "Family Dinner" option that seems reasonable.  I look forward to checking that out sometime soon.Cheers to FRC, Flower Child, and healthy / happy visits ahead!
5	I had the good fortune of spontaneously meeting up with some family while on a business trip to Phoenix. Lucky me that I got turned on to the delicious gem.  If you like real, clean, whole food then check out Flower Child.   The Thai Dye wrap was fresh and healthy with spicy tofu and crunchy veggies on a chia seed wrap.  Another notable is the create your own plate with your choice of veggies, grains and protein.  The avocado hummus was the perfect marriage of guacamole and hummus. To wash it down I had a generous glass of red wine - eight bucks for eight ounces!  The soundtrack was mellow and slightly obscure.  Stop by and sit outside on a warm Autumn night.  Very cool place.
4	The one star that it was missing has nothing to do with Lindsey. It was actually 4.5 stars... This was in continuance of Elite Event held this past Sunday that started with a butt kicking at Orange Theory. Lindsey was kind enough to not only make sure we got our butts whipped into shape, but to take us out for a late lunch/early dinner afterwards. The restaurant, ambiance, and staff were AWESOME!  Rob who was the manager came by and talked to us about the restaurant, the food etc as well as the head chef. I ordered one of the mix and match plates on which I had the red chili glazes sweet potato with bok choy & sesame seed, roasted brussels sprouts & wild mushroom, sauteed spinach with garlic, chili flake and lemon with salmon. Now that sounds like a ton of food right? Actually it was portioned perfectly. Just enough to have small side dishes of each with the salmon on top. The half star it is missing is that although the food was good, it was missing something that I couldn't quite put my finger on. Like it needed a little more seasoning or something, a little omph if you will. I did try my friends Sweet Corn & Quinoa with Greek yogurt and let me tell you, I was sad that I didn't have that as one of my sides because it was DELICIOUS!  I washed it down with some of the best lemonade I have had in a very long time.  The staff came around and gave us some avocado hummus to try in which we were all very happy with along with a few samples of different drinks that they had to offer. All in all, it was a lot of fun and again the staff went ABOVE and BEYOND. They were some of the nicest people I have ever met and seemed to really enjoy working there. Will I be back? Absolutely. I am not on that side of town often but I definitely will make a point to stop by from time to time. It was well worth the drive.
4	Love this place. Simple ,healthy food that is lightly seasoned and always tasty. I usually get the plate/ bowl where you mix and match your favorite sides with a protein if you wish- steak, chicken, salmon or tofu. Sides are various veggies, fruit, brown rice, gluten free mac-n-cheese, etc. Salads, wraps, and hummus are also available. The avocado hummus is amazing- it's a must try. Nice choice of lemonades and iced teas (no sodas). Good to-go meals also. I could eat here every day...
5	I very rarely rave about restaurants after eating at them. This one is an exception. I absolutely love the concept of fresh local "fast food." I felt no guilt as I tried the avacado hummus (yum!) and the sesame sweet potatos. The service was excellent, and I keep telling every health consious person I know that this is a must-try restaurant in the Valley.
5	Wow, I can't believe I am becoming such a Fox Concept Restaurant fan.  This is another winner.  I am on a no carb diet and the options here are amazing.  If you want healthy and tasty fare, this is the place to come.  I love, love the chopped vegetable salad with the grass fed steak or the salmon.  After my first introduction to this place, I realized I had been three times in one week.  I had to make excuses to drive to the area, so I could go eat there.  It is a good 25 to 30 miles from my home in far north Scottsdale (yes, that is where BFE is).   I had a taste of the avocado hummus and it was delicious.  My kids and husband had the little lemon cake and they devoured it.  My salmon was perfectly cooked last time I was there.  I love their teas, specially the acai hibiscus one, can't wait to try the lemonades.
5	They nailed it. Healthy food that tastes amazing. (Sorry, that's what I had come to equate healthy with. Boring. This joint is *not* bland.) The environment is light, airy and fun. Prepare yourself for the menu. There's quite a bit going on.Here's what you need to know. You order up front when you walk in. It's ok to step to the side while you take it all in. Once you arrive at a decision look around and see if there's an open register. Someone will be smiling and that's the all clear. This is a lunch / late eve place.You'll be given a number that you place on your table. Don't fret. No matter where you sit they'll find you. That includes the tables outside. Feel free to meander about, taking your time to grab silverware and drinks before selecting a table. (If you need to stop at the beautiful restrooms the servers will still find you.)The menu is amazing. The concept is simple: Happy food makes happy people. Locally sourced, organic with plenty of vegetarian options. My gluten free friends will be happy: Tons of options! And (!) they will work with you to meet your dietary needs. That's how cool they are.I've had the good fortune to eat with friends here and share. Yum, yum, yum! You simply must try the avocado hummus to start. When adding sides I love the sweet corn & quinoa. Yesterday I inhaled the Quinoa Protein Bowl. It's a warm dish. As with all of my visits I had no leftovers. (Shhh.) If you've got a sweet tooth beware. It can be dangerous :)Take note: Food can be ordered for families. Also, food can readily be made to pick-up or to go.If you follow them on Instagram there's a one time 10% discount. (Fist pump!) Kids are warmly welcome. The service is impeccable. Come once and you'll quickly return!
5	Great place a must go kind of place. From out of town looking for something different well I find it. Great atmosphere and very friendly. This place is so good if I lived here I would come often. The food was pretty and the so flavorful I was amazed. Wish I could eat more. Sooooo good. I had the beef bowl but substituted chicken and the kale salad. It was to die for, taking some home for a snack.
5	Where have you been all my life?!  This is my new favorite restaurant and I have to admit, I've been there a couple times a week.  Flower Child introduces everyone to the food revolution - organic and local food.  They utilize the natural lighting provided by all the windows and adds to the wonderful environment the restaurant has created.  The word is out on the street and people are checking Flower Child out.  It can be busy at lunch time but with some patience, you too, can enjoy a delicious, locally grown meal.  My go to meal with include the Sweet Corn Quinoa.  This is amazing!!!  Whoever created this dish needs an award!  The Mix and Match allows you to taste one, two or three dishes.  You can add a protein to the bowl.  The best  combo has to be the Sweet Corn Quinoa and Sweet Potatoes with Salmon.  Flower Child has several menu options available to the whole family.  They have several fresh salads and noodle  bowls available.  If you love a healthy drink, they have Kombucha on tap.  Make Flower Child your next stop to healthy eating.  #iamaflowerchild
4	Great healthy food at reasonable prices.
5	Cuteness! Freshness! Modern! Adorable! So yum and healthy! This place is too cute! I love the adorable county/modern decor. The simple cute details are found everywhere from the cute fresh daisies as centerpieces on the tables, to the green walls in the bathroom , and clever use of mason jars to the blue woven chairs. The menu has extremely fresh/ organic/ delicious options. We stopped by for a quick snack and I had the avocado / hummus and pita such a fantastic light healthy snack and my madre had the broccoli and steak. The steak was very flavorful and must have been organic. I love how the Xavier kids hang here instead of a fast food joint . Making the point that they/ this quaint spot are highly evolved.
5	Love this place! I've been here several times and always get the protein plates. I've tried the steak and chicken (I liked the steak better yum) and have had their asparagus, glazed sweet potatoes, heirloom tomatoes, brussel sprouts, and brown rice. Their brussel sprouts are tasty.  The menu is seasonal so some items switch out (the heirloom tomatoes are no longer available). Their iced teas and lemonades are delicious too!
4	Great quick healthy food --- salads that also leave you satisfied unlike many other salads that you may still be hungry after eating! We had the chopped veggie salad (which was perfect) and the quinoa salad, also good-- but we lke the chopped veggie better. Pomo pear lemonade was tasty too. Would come back for sure!
5	Wow. Where do I even begin? The decor, the atmosphere, the friendly faces, the yummy food, the fresh teas and juices, the clean bathroom, the outdoor seating...the list goes on and on. What a well done restaurant! The attention to detail and thought that went into this place is incredible. Okay, let me be more specific. You are greater with fruit infused water as you walk into this airy, organic vortex. Fresh flowers peppered all over the place. I ordered the mix and match consisting of sweet corn and quinoa, sweet potatoes, and the beat, avocado, and citrus salad. A world tour for my pallet! Everything was distinctly different, and uniquely great tasting! I tried the green tea, and also had a taste of the lemonade. Both were a ten. I cannot wait for my next meal here! This is by far the BEST Fox restaurant so far. Wow. Just wow.
4	Food was great. The service was ok, even though I don't usually like the 'order at the counter' type of dining. However, I did like the self serve juice bar. Great healthy options and the price point is palatable. Last time I was here they forgot a couple of things in my to go order so check carefully before leaving.Chicken tortilla soup is a great choice.
5	I like everything about this spot. Thanks, Yelpers for the recommendation! Sitting on the porch with a garden fresh salad and artisan iced tea enjoying the misters and good music.
5	A friend of mine recommended this place and I just tried it today for lunch and it was AMAZING. Gorgeous decor definitely caught my eye first and the entire place is airy with plenty of natural light. Everyone working was very polite and helpful. The gal at the register recommended the sweet potatoes and I'm glad I tried them (I usually despise sweet potatoes but these are exceptional). The veggies were fresh and well seasoned, and the gluten free Mac n Cheese was creamy and delicious. My niece tried one of the salads and it definitely filled her up! I really look forward to coming back again soon!
5	Ok - late night, avoiding some homework, so of course I was reminded that I had wanted to make a plug for my new favorite restaurant...Flower Child. At 44th St and Camelback, totally yum. Pretty, relaxing, easy-going and delicious! I think I ate my whole week's worth of veggies in one lunch. Golden beets and avocados, sweet potato soup with chickpeas and tomatoes, roasted cauliflower with tumeric and dates (my fav), and an amazing kale/celery/ginger/lemon juice. Olivia had an amazing salad, my friend had a great pho soup with this insane anise basil...Ok, now I am hungry. I am going to go have an apple... and be sad because it's not roasted cauliflower or sweet potato soup.
5	Absolutely in love with this place, wonderful atmosphere and vibe, all employees are friendly and inviting, and the food is fresh, and all natural. The gluten free Mac and cheese is a bonus too! Salmon also is great. On my top list of favorite places to eat.
5	Who are these Foxes?  I'm in love with them and their design/ concept team. I want to meet them, hang out with them & talk shop, design, beauty & food!  I'm putting it out there- anytime you all have a party, invite me and I'll be there!!!Walking into Flower Child is like walking into freshness. Immediately I felt refreshed and recharged. Everything is done just right from the vibe of the place down to the rust spots on the farm "chandeliers."  It's the kind of place aside from having amazing conversation, if out of space, you can throw a blanket on the floor, start a picnic on the floor with your entrees and still feel right at home. And the food!  The menu is organic, gluten free, vegan with options of chicken & steak for protein. And everything is delicious and cooked to perfection. It's nourishment for the eye, soul & body. I had their chicken, roasted vegetables, and cream corn with quinoa & kale and each bite was a morsel of a delicate kiss to my body & soul.  I don't think you will have any regrets ordering anything from the menu. The BEST part I have to exclaim to the WORLD is that their kid's menu unlike so many other establishments that serve terrible food like chicken tenders, Mac & cheese, etc. they serve the same wholesome, delicious food to the mini me's. It's wonderful, absolutely wonderful that they do this. Whoever came up with this idea has made my wish come true and I hope other restaurants take notice and follow suit. Absolutely a love!
4	It is a great concept and they have a lot of healthy options.  Food is very tasty and you can eat healthy as well.  I would recommend for a quick and delicious bite.
5	I went here for Saturday lunch with some friends and it was perfect. I want this in my neighborhood SO BAD. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and everything was delicious. I loved the complimentary flavored water, the soups, the veggies, and especially the gluten-free desserts (although they were my downfall.) The brownie was hands-down the best brownie I've ever had anywhere. The chicken curry dish was also exceptional - so flavorful and the chicken so tender. If I was going to create a restaurant, this would be it. Quality creative food, phenomenal service, and reasonable prices - a winner. And if you eat Paleo, you'll be good...if you can avoid the desserts. Personally, I failed at that :)
5	What can I say - I love this place. I tried the sesame soba noodles with mint and sweet pea on Friday and I've been dreaming of it ever since. I am addicted, obsessed, and pleasantly reminding myself that it's at least somewhat healthy. I mean, the mac and cheese is gluten free so that counts for something, right? LOVE
5	Recently in town visiting family. My mom, cousin, and I thought we would try for lunch.  My mother and I both had the Quinoa power bowl. My cousin had the side of gluten free mac and cheese and the chicken avocado wrap. We all enjoyed our meals. Great staff, location, food, and atmosphere. I will return my next trip back to Phx
4	Good food. Good ambience. Very healthy. Nice selection of tea and lemonade.  Disgustingly small portions though. Good spot for a LIGHT lunch.
4	This definitely seems like one of the "places to be in Arcadia". You'll have a mix of families, Arcadia moms, health conscious crowds and ladies clubs but that aside it's definitely a very enjoyable place and the food is of good if not great quality though perhaps slightly on the bland side (but that's better for me than too salty or too spicy).  my favorite dish is the Flying Avocado, a wrap with grilled chicken, gouda cheese, romaine,  tomato, avocado and hummus. I look forward to going to be again though perhaps not often since it's out of my area but I can definitely recommend it and believe they will be adding a new location soon from what I heard from the chef.
5	Love this concept and the fresh, quality ingredients. There's lots of seating inside as well as outside on the patio. The prices are a little on the high side, but I think it's worth it. Plus lots of options for vegetarians.We got the quinoa salad, kale salad with salmon, mac n cheese (gluten free) and olive oil cake. Everything was excellent!
4	Fresh and expertly prepared the vegan fare at Flower Child is excellent.  Had roasted veggies with tofu,  a veggie wrap, some hummus appetizer, and a male and apple juice refreshment. All was wonderful.
4	really healthy food, excellent for vegetarians, a bit pricy, but the quality justifies the price . very professional staff
5	Ever since the Elite Event at Orange Theory, I've been looking for any excuse to come back and nosh at Flower Child. A long three months later, the opportunity presented itself on my way back from some meetings.Yeah, it's that delicious. Locally sourced food made with love. You order at the counter, and are given a number. Take a seat anywhere, the staff will find you and your number even if you go on the patio! Since I had been CRAVING the Mediterranean Salad with a healthy portion of Salmon, I didn't try something new.   It's the perfect blend of greens, tomatoes, onions, cucumber, garbanzo beans and lightly dressed with feta and an oregano vinaigrette. This is what I love about Flower Child: Simple ingredients are the star on their own, without being drowned out in cheeses or sauces. Also, the seasonal Apple Cider Lemonade was phenomenal. Was not expecting that combination to work! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
3	Last night I went to Flower Child and spent $40 on dinner for two. It's not that I can't afford it, but who wants to spend $40 on take-out for two people? My boyfriend didn't even get anything to drink. Does no one else think this place is overpriced? I can get food to-go at Essence, LGO, AJ's, the amazing new Whole Foods, etc. for less than $40. I mean, come on. They are ripping us off, people. The meal was fine and I appreciate the unique veggie dishes, but it wasn't worth the price. I might as well grill up some wild Alaskan salmon from Aj's myself. We really need someone to do this at a reasonable price. I feel like this is just an experiment to see how much white people are willing to pay for quinoa.
