5	Hot Dog Stop is a new concept at the Scottsdale Promenade, owned by Lillian and Guy, purveyors of the Cafepino at Scottsdale 101. Hot Dog Stop features gourmet hotdogs including tons of possible combinations and special hotdogs. Every menu item is fresh and carefully created. The owners created the diverse menu and feature creative condiments and fun sides including fried mushrooms and zucchini in addition to the more standard fare of fries. The hotdogs are the stars here  and they are rapidly expanding their client base. The menu has every possible permutation of traditional and new hotdogs including turkey dogs for the health conscious. Even the buns are light as air and stand in second position to the wonderful dogs. This is an excellent value as well with gourmet plates including coleslaw and a pickle at $4.75. They seem to be right on target with a new, innovative concept (creative hotdogs) in a quick serve lovely lunch environment. Fresh pastries adorn the counter including sample of side dishes to entice diners to try new things. The food was excellent and a good choice for a very economical fresh cooked lunch! Laurie and Rodney Malone
3	The Hot Dog Stop first captured my interest when I saw a review come up for it that had just been posted.  The review was for one star and did not sound too complimentary.  I read the other reviews and saw a crazy mix of low and high.  The five star reviews are funny because A) It's just a hot dog place, and B) They are clearly done by people without a lot of reviews which leads me to believe they are posted by owner/insiders etc.Anyways, I decided to go eat here with my kid and see what the real deal is.  This was pretty close to the Dave and Busters we go to play video games at so it worked out this weekend.  The dogs - I like the fact they use Sabretts for the dogs and I thought they were really good.  I got the chili dog.  A previous reviewer said that they did not get enough chili sauce in the cup, but I found it to be more than enough of a serving, and I like a lot on my chili dog.  I would have preferred the chili not have beans in the sauce as I do not like chili with beans on my dog due to the texture of the beans.  Wolfe's brand coney dog sauce for example does away with the beans and I like that better.The fresh-made hot dog buns were a winner.  They were really nice, held up well, and tasted great.  These make this shop worthy of a return trip or two.  : )The condiment bar had onions, pickles, lettuce and tons of other toppings for the dogs.  They also had ketchup, mayo, mustards, relish and bbq sauce in the squeeze pumps so there is no reason not to get a dog exactly as you like it!The fountain drinks were refillable - and overall I really liked the menu.  Lots of options to try in the future (although I always judge a hot-dog place by the basics).I think I met the owners who did inquire if we enjoyed our meal, which is good to see.  And the store was clean, and had a good amount of business going on.   So for this, I break out three stars.  I think it was A-OK, and is a welcome addition to my list of fun places to go.The only reason I cannot see four or five stars is only because it's not a steak house guys.  I also do not think it deserves one or two stars as that would be underrating them.  If it were a chain, then one or two stars would be expected, but look, this is clearly a home-grown fresh start at a hot-dog place, and the home-made buns really differentiate it.I'll definitely be back.  Enjoy!!
3	M and I just ate here yesterday for lunch, and we came away uninspired.It does seem to be a brand new startup, and we would much rather support a small business trying to make a start than a big chain. But to be honest, there was noting here that would make us come back.I got the Pastrami Dog, and M got a basic steamed dog. We both thought that the bus were a little too big, but I did think that they were good tasting. I usually get the pastrami dog at Wienerschitzel and I hate to say it, this didn't compare. 2 overcooked slices of dry, tough pastrami was what I got on top, not a nice portion of Juicy tasteful meat. The dogs themselves are OK,  apparently a natural casing with good bite.There are plenty of condiments to choose from inside - from Ranch to at least 3 kinds of Mustard. We also both got a side of coleslaw (comes with the meal, no substitutions) that we didn't eat. when I asked if I could get something else instead with my order, I was denied. I said OK and told her to go ahead and keep the slaw, since I would not eat it anyway. The cashier seemed thankful for letting her know, but when she brought us our food to the table, there was the slaw anyway. I guess she didn't listen. Bad sign.I also voted "Not Wheelchair Accessible" because the tables were a little close, and it would take some effort if you wanted to sit comfortably on the patio.
3	Swung by again, and think I hit it right the first time.  Pretty solid three stars.  Had the Chicago dog this time for a change up.  It was pretty good. One thing that I think was missing (and this may have been my fault) is that I wish the dog had been grilled instead of steamed/boiled.  I really like Ted's Hotdogs in Tempe for exactly this reason, they char-grill them and the flavor really hits spot on.  Here, not so much.The bread is again a winner and I really enjoy that they make their own buns.  So if you haven't tried them, I say give it a shot.  It's a good hot dog place.
4	Had a corn dog and really enjoyed it. Just like the fair! My meal came with fries, coleslaw and a pckel. All was delicious...
3	OK, here's what the update is all about. There is no real Coney Island "True" hot dog in Scottsdale or really anywhere north. You would think that they would have really nailed this one and checked to see what others were no offering. So I looked through the menu and no Coney on the list. Was planning on lunch there today if it were available. Swing... and a miss...
1	When I went to this place, I expected that they would specialize in hot dogs.  I got a Chicago style hot dog.  The menu explained it just like you would expect a Chicago style hot dog to be - with a poppy seed bun, relish, onions, peppers, mustard, etc.  It was not that.  The bun was good, but it was not a poppy seed bun.  The peppers were red and green bell peppers - not what is supposed to be on a  Chicago dog.  There was no pickle spear on the hot dog.  I don't know what kind of hot dog they used, but it was the strangest color I had ever seen.  It made me feel sick eating it.  The fries were good.  The slaw ok.
2	Okay..  I drove 20 mins to try this place.  Buddy of mine suggested it was great hotdog joint.  I am a sucker when it comes to hotdogs, and I went there with high expectation.   Let's skip everything, and get straight to the hotdog.  I ordered polish, and when I took the first bite... Disappointment!!It was over cooked and dry like beef jerky!  I bet that polish been sitting around for hours!!  I get better quality polish and hotdog from Costco than what I just had.. Actually QT gas station serves better hotdog!  I might give them one more try, but my first impression of this place two thumbs down!!!   I don't understand why they play Greek kind of like music..  I thought that was little weird..
4	"cheap, yummy, creative menu!" - 3.5/5We stopped at the Hot Dog Stop yesterday to grab a quick bite for lunch. It was our first attempt at this restaurant. When we first walked in, I was pretty attracted by its decor with a wide array dressing condiments from ketchup to ranch dressing! We ordered a basic grilled hotdog for me and a Nogales burrito dog for J. I was pretty impressed by how cheap the whole set was! My grilled hotdog with fries and coleslaw only came at $2.65. Other than the Kyoto Restaurant in Old Town, I can't think any restaurant in Scottsdale that will give you such a cheap price for a set lunch. Haha. Good deal!J's Nogales burrito dog was far way better than my basic grilled hot dog. Nogales burrito dog has 2 dogs, wrapped in a flour tortilla, pastrami, cheddar cheese, chili, onion and mustard! Amazing huh?! It was like a make over of hot dog in Mexican style. :) The set was $6.65. The store is tucked away in Scottsdale Promenade.  We will definitely go back again for another type of dog!
4	I've been to the Hot Dog Stop a few times. I love that you can put your own condiments on your dog plus the choices of fries. I had a chargrilled footlong dog on their homemade buns along with a 50 cent upgrade on the fries and a diet coke for $5.94; the Hot Dog was delicious. Their regular fries are more like shoe string shaped versus the upgraded fries which were thicker and seasoned perfectly.I can't wait to try out their sandwiches and bratwurst. They have an outdoor patio that is shaded. It your looking for a reasonably priced lunch spot that delivers the goods, try the Hot Dog Stop.
3	Okay, if you're looking for a genuine Chicago Vienna Beef Red Hot or a NY Sabrett street cart dog; then you might not  understand Hot Dog Stop. HDS does sever Sabrett's but this is more of a gourmet hot dog place. The portions are very generous to say the least and very tasty. The folks who run the place are from France and have put their own spin on things. So if you're fixed on what a hot dog should be, then go to Luke's, or Al's or even A & W; but if you want 'something completely different, to borrow a phrase, then by all means try HDS.   Enjoy!
4	I am a fan of Hot Dog Stop, and I am originally from Chicago, and you know what that means... Hot dogs are very special to me (and cue snickering) because I grew up in that city, and I still say that Hot Dog Stop is worth it for a quick bite if you're in the area. If you come from the other side of the city, you're not getting the idea behind this place.That being said, they have a great lunch special! You can get a steamed or grilled dog with fries and a drink for $5 plus tax! It's usually not that out of the ordinary for a hot dog combo, but the portion you get makes it so. One combo is more than enough to fill someone up! The real winner is the bun. I'm always pleased when I see unique breads at any restaurant, and I'm doubly impressed if the bread is fresh. The dog itself is pretty tasty and I really like when places give you an option on how you want your link prepared. Now, I can't blame them for going for the Heinz condiment bar (it's pretty neat to see pretty much every color under the Heinz rainbow represented), but it would be great to see some custom sauces or mustard blends to give Hot Dog Stop an extra edge. That's just me dreaming away though.If you want a quick, easy and tasty bite...and you're not expecting the world of a little hot dog joint, this place is a winner. Oh, and today they were playing Gypsy Kings...
5	Great place to go for hot dogs.  I've been to several around town and none of the places are as clean or as cute as this one.  We didn't get anything "fancy" or different.  Just a grilled hot dog on one of their homemade buns, which by the way, somehow melt in your mouth. Those buns are special!  I probably would have liked it steamed even though my dog was grilled.  Fries were good and had the perfect amount of salt.   Next time we'll try the sweet potato fries.Price was really good..  $5.25 for both.  There was enough there for 2 people to share.They have some interesting sodas and other drinks in the cooler that you don't see anywhere else. I think my favorite thing about this place though,  was the sweet man at the cash register with the French accent.  He must be the owner.  With service like that, I hope this place continues to do well!
1	Husband and I decided to try it out, very disappointed. The bread was really dry and very bread-y. Lacked flavor. I'd rather drive to Ted's hotdogs than go back. Very disappointed.
5	Went in today. Love the service sooo much.  The owner was  behind the counter and  is soooo sweet.  I think he's from France?The service was great as the cooks from behind the counter brought my kids' food out to the table.  It's always so clean and we love sitting outsisde in this beautiful weather. The sweet potato fries were delicious!
4	I haven't had much experience with hotdogs other than on the streets in NYC or at baseball games. My friend and I came here on a random day and were slightly overwhelmed by all the choices, I didn't even think you could put all these toppings on a hot dog and it still tasting good! She's from Chicago and went with that dog, but was a little bothered that it came with bell peppers. I've never been there so I can't attest to it, but I guess it's not supposed to? She did really like the hot dog part though after she took out the peppers. I went with the kansas dog, which was a polish dog wrapped in bacon ALL the way around (I'm a sucker for bacon) and smothered with grilled onions, cheese, and bbq sauce. Pretty friggin awesome. We also got mozarella sticks and sweet potato fries as sides and those were also tasty.
4	Good quality dogs, ANY way you like them. I bet you couldn't think of a topping they couldn't do.OK, maybe you can you weirdo,...but that's your business! Try the super cute condiment bar's extra fixins. The menu has very creative options - dogs of all kinds! I can't bring myself to try something out of the box and just go with the standard - my first true hot dog love - but it satisfies every time, especially here.
4	This place is hot dog heaven. Chili dogs, Philly dogs, Hebew dogs, Chicago dogs, even burrito dogs! Ive been eyeballing this place everyday when I pass by for work. I finally made my way in last week. The prices are fair, and they even had my favorite soda- tamarindo jarritos (don't judge) if you ever find yourself craving a hot dog, you want to come check this place out. Tip- be naughty and order a dog wrapped in bacon
4	Sometime you just NEED A FREAKIN' HOT DOG! And this would be the place to go to satisfy the urge.The atmosphere is simple and the seating is somewhat limited, probably not the best selection for your wedding reception BUT it definitely will pace as a great joint to hang out at when you just want to be laid back.They also have a great assortment of french fries and other snack. When I went they actually had these items cooked up and set out for demo- me likes.I was disappointed in the 'Chicago dog' though. It really doesn't follow the blueprint for a TRUE Chicagodog and should therefore be termed the "Chicago dog" or the Chicago-esk dog.... Guess I need to head to Wrigley to get one of those, darn ;)
3	As other people have mentioned, the food is good enough, but other than that...I didn't find the customer service very friendly. I was the only person in the shop, and had to look at the menu for bit, having never been in before - lady at the counter just sat there and stared at me, expressionless, until i was ready to order. No "how are you today?"  or "do you have any questions?" Felt kinda awkward, actually. Overall i got a very "temporary" feel from this place. They've been there for long enough, but it felt like they were still setting up shop. Menu boards were incomplete - there were pictures galore of all the off-menu options, some of which i may have been interested if i would have noticed before i ordered. Styrofoam everything. (Fries in a little styrofoam cup? Really? My food is already in a basket - just pile those badboys on the side, give me more than 15 fries, and save the world from more Styro!)All in all... i may come back, if i just need a hot dog that badly and i'm bored with other local options, but it's not making the regular lunch rotation. (oh - only "food" complaint; used their dispenser to get some ranch for my fries, and it had a very thick, "i've been in this dispenser for 3 weeks" taste to it. kinda nasty.)
4	Every once in a while, I really crave a hot dog.   I've been searching Yelp for good hot dog reviews and decided to try the Hot Dog Stop.  Tonight is our second trip to HDS so I thought it was time for my review.  First time we both got the Bahamas Dogs, his with the grilled Polish sausage, mine with a grilled Hebrew National hot dog.  Both were delicious though I personally will stick with the Hebrew Nationals.  I like the fact that they serve the cheese sauce on the side - a bit on the dog, a bit to dip fries in.  Cole slaw was a touch bland, fries and onion rings were just fine.Second time, I tried the New Yorker with Hebrew National grilled, he got the Chicago with Polish Sausage.  I loved the New Yorker.  Though real sauerkraut is usually a touch more tangy, I thought it was the right balance with the spicy mustard and the red onion.  I'll have a hard time not ordering this one.  I loved the peppers on the Chicago but it wouldn't be my first choice.  Their buns are awesome.  The consistency and flavor of the grilled Hebrew Nationals was spot on - a little crisp and smoky.  One is enough for a meal (but they're pretty cheap and delicious so two people would probably want to split three).We got take out both times so I can't comment on much else.  All in all, a delicious dog.  I will be back to sample more.
5	Simply amazing. I have known the owners for awhile and they are so nice! The sliders and hot dogs are so good! The french fries are also amazing. They offer a wide variety of toppings too. The chicken fingers are also good. Everything here is delicious! There is a great drink and snack selection too!
1	One star is generous considering what they made as a Chicago dog.  We had been here once before and it was cheap but we had ordered the al a carte specials.  This time we went with the signature dogs.  Big mistake, my chicago dog had grilled onions and green peppers on it?  As did my wifes.  My kids dig was scalding hot, while ours were actually cold.  When I tried to make a fry sauce from their condiment bar the mayo through a clot the size of a golf pencil onto the tray.  Overall it is hard to screw up a hot dog, being from Chicago I have had 1000's of hotdogs and most are abl to sooth a craving and even the average to below average I consider comforting.  This was a sorry example and from a specialty shop that is embarassing, Sonic currently is serving up better versions and they have tots!  Do every body a favor and don't solicit these guys in hopes that new proprietors with integrity of product come along, or take a chance and be specific as to what you want on the dog as they are clueless based on their own menu board and the inability to read it, or make what they advertise.Based on the uncleaned condiment pumps as well I might ask for ketchup packets or otherwise.  Having worked in resorts and dive bars and diners I know how hard it is to keep a place clean and regardless of your niche health standards are essential, if their condiment pumps are foul their soda nozzles are probably the same as are the other hidden areas of the diner good luck!  Maybe they'll turn it around and I have just had bad timing on my visits?
3	I really wanted to love this place. I love a good hot dog, and was excited to stumble across this restaurant. Sadly, I tried the Chicago dog and was really disappointed. I didn't get much flavor from the dog itself or the relish, etc.. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't special. I will give them another shot and try a different menu choice.
3	I'm taking my rating down a star on the Hot Dog Stop. The price of a special has gone up about  a buck since my last review, so it's now about $7.04. But the price increase is not the main reason I'm busting these guys down a notch. The buns have taken a turn for the worse and fall apart. Plus what really irks me is that they keep the front door open when it's cold outside. I know I should be a little heartier being from Chicago. But when you're eating with a short sleeve shirt on it gets uncomfortable. I have witnessed other patrons close the door, and within a couple of minutes the workers open up the door again.The foot long hot dogs are good. Occasionally I'll have the Chicken Dog which is fabulous. That chicken dog is available sporadically.
4	I really enjoyed my "New Yorker" today! Polish dog, with onions, sauerkraut, and mustard! I did the healthy thing and had a side of onion rings (yes my heart thanked me). My only "complaint" is the same one Scott D. recently had.... the bun fell apart on me half way through me meal. Granted... this did not stop me from still eating it! :)My meal (hotdog, rings, and a drink) was a few pennies shy of $10... which is a little pricey (in my humble opinion) for a "hotdog" lunch. I guess I miss the REAL "New Yorker's".... being in NYC and getting the same thing for a BUCK from a hotdog pushcart.... plus a knish!
5	Why the high rating? Because this is one of those places that care about their products. And really, I don't understand why it doesn't have a better rating. They have fresh amazing buns, tons of options, and great sides. What I enjoy so much about this place is the creativity. Before I ate here today, I could have never told you I ate a pizza hot dog. I think the prices are great. I think the quality is spot on. But I would have been more happy if the onion rings and zucchini sides where homemade, but you can't ask for everything, and they are good none the less. Eat here. You will like it 100x better than Daphne's next door, where all the food is low quality and not fresh. I will be back, and I will bring all my hotdog loving lovers.
3	The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
3	Would give this place another half star if possible because it's more than A-OK. The hot dogs are good and there are some great choices on the menu. I tried the Sonoran hot dog which was pretty darn tasty. The french fries are standard but really fresh. My husband had the Kansas dog which was also really good thanks to the bacon and the bbq sauce. The store itself is really nice and has a wide selection of beverages and condiments. Pleasant and fast service too. This place is an overall good choice when you're craving a hot dog and you're in the area!
3	09/07/12First of all, the food on display at the counter looks disgusting. I sure hope it is only for looks and actually for sale. It's within customer reach, uncovered and had long hairs all over it. This food consisted of fried mushroom, chicken fingers and onion rings.Let's put that aside for what I did order. I ordered a double with peppers and onions. The wieners were very skinny and amounted to the food contained in a Costco hot dog, although the Costco dog is must tastier and tastes fresher. These skimpy wieners were shriveled and dry, imagine the YMCA on seniors day...The peppers and onions were sliced very thin and portions were very small.The bun was very large and dried out and looked very lonely inside with the skimpy portions. If you are going to skimp on wiener size and condiment portions, don't use an oversized bun.The fountain coke was watery, so u switched it out for watered down Mr Pibb. They could have least met halfway and used real watered down Dr Pepper.Next time I'm in the area, I'll find something else.The device was ok, but the food was definitely overpriced for a hot dog I could not bear to finish.The place looks clean.
2	Eh this place is mediocre. I ordered a steamed Hebrew Kosher hot dog thinking it would be like Costco's and it was brown on the outside, not sure why. Tasted ok, kind of dried out. I guess the buns here are homemade but I didn't really like them. Onions rings were okay. My boyfriend ordered a chilli cheese dog and a corn dog and he said both tasted cheap. It looked cheap. The nacho cheese was like that stuff at skating rinks from when you were a kid. It was also super hot in the restaurant. The owner had a portable AC going so maybe his AC was out or something.Won't be back unless it's for like a pretzel or something -- those looked good.
4	There are very few times in my life when I can say I actually craved a hot dog. Ball games, 4th of July cookouts...and that's about it, I think. But for some reason, when my wife and I saw this place while doing a little Christmas shopping, we were compelled to check it out. I don't know if it was the cool umbrellas, the little patio on the front, or if we were just REALLY hungry. Whatever the case, we went.The owner could tell we'd never been to his establishment, and was extremely engaged with us to help make the right choice for our particular tastes. My wife took no time at all to make her decision, thanks in part to the fantastic pictures they have displayed on the counter for each available dog. They also have "display only" portions of some of the available sides (french fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and I BELIEVE it was fried okra).She opted for the Gagou Dog, which is a hot dog topped with cheese and pepperoni, ultimately converting it into a pizza dog. Hers was DELICIOUS! The dog was cooked just right, the cheese was melted just right, and the pepperoni was an awesome touch. The whole novelty of the "pizza dog" is so simple, but really good!I wish I had ordered the same thing she did. Unfortunately, I did not.Maybe it's because I'm not native to AZ, but I don't see the appeal to the Sonoran Dog. I ordered it because I've been told that it's a must eat in Arizona. I mean, don't get me wrong...it was palatable. But, I was pretty underwhelmed by it. It wasn't because the dog was bad, though. The dog was juicy, but it still had that crispness to it like it would make a snapping sound if you were to break it in half. It COULD have been the bun, though. It wasn't horrible, but it was extremely dry.Perhaps a different choice in style would make for a better experience should we visit this place again. As we were leaving, I overheard a couple of the customers talking to the managers about ideas for new additions to the menu. The customer suggested some type of Italian dog, and the owner was all for it! He also mentioned that they would be adding some type of burrito to the menu within the next couple of weeks. I didn't get all of the details, but I did hear "burrito" and "two weeks". Could be interesting...
5	I went to this restaurant once  before it went under new management. While I enjoyed the food before I feel the food has gotten even better and more diverse and the new managers are sooooo friendly that you always want to come back. I brought my friend with me about a week ago and the new owner introduced herself to us and talked about some changes they'll be making like  adding homemade tamales to the menu and bringing peppers grown in Mexico, for those that love spicy food (like me). I I tried the Sonoran dog which had a lot of flavor, definitely recommend the spicy dog that the manager recommended I get if I enjoy spicy food. The hot dogs are always juicy and flavor is never skipped by these people. I'm also not a coleslaw person but for some reason I like the flavor of theirs. I went back today after a work meeting and the manager was again very friendly, as well as the cook. I was greeted the moment I walked in even though they were busy with stocking chips and such on the floor. They have punch cards there and he made sure I get one if I hadn't already (but of course they made sure to give me one last time I came in, which I kept).  I ordered the French dog this time which is a polish dog in a baguette and melted mozzarella over it. Definitely my favorite so far, they even flavored the mozzarella with spices. It was delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant if you want to try something different from your typical hotdog. They have so many different hotdogs and sides to choose from, and I'm sure all are delicious since the two I mentioned, plus just the classic hotdog are full of flavor and juicy. The staff is all extremely friendly as well and the new management has great new plans for this restaurant.
4	I love hot dogs...regular, corn dogs and my favorite Chicago dogs! This place becomes pretty busy during weekday lunch time but offers great specials!  The Hot Dog Stop does have grilled and steamed dogs.  Also, they offer some great sides like fried mushrooms!  If you are looking for a quick and inexpensive lunch, you should check this place out.  It's worth the stop!
4	We were looking for a place to have lunch on a Sunday, and kept finding places that were busy or closed.  This place ended up fitting the bill perfectly.  It was a great casual place to stop in after our Sunday hike.  They have a terrific selection of hot dog options, and everything we tried was yummy!  Check out their condiment bar too.  Definitely will be back!
3	I tried this place out since it is near the house hoping for something a little more authentic as well. Interesting twist on hot dogs. My family and I being from Chicago originally I had to get a Chicago Dog and since I grew up in TX and like spicy the Bahama Dog with jalapenos (could be called TX Dog?) Food was tasty but a little pricey. But then again I have to remember what part of town I am in and the cost to do business. Worth a try if in the area doing a shop til you drop and get hungry for a dog.
5	Spouse yearned for a hot dog for the 4th of July.  We picked Hot Dog Stop because of proximity.  Great find!  First test for a hot dog joint is cleanliness - passed.  Next test, lots of options.  Check.  Last test, the dog and the bun.  Check and check.Fresh - soft yet chewy homemade buns.  Every topping imaginable.  I went for the Sonoran Dog while spouse, a purist, went for plain dog - plain bun.  Both were hits.Larger than average dogs - great buns - fresh toppings.  We have found our hot dog joint for Scottsdale.  We'll be back to try other creative options - after we get clearance from our doctor!
4	Since going under new management recently, this establishment has transformed. The owner (who is always there) is very friendly and energetic. He really takes his time to welcome customers and explain the menu options, which I give him a lot of credit for.I usually go during my lunch break and get the 'grilled hot dog special' which comes with cole slaw, a pickle, fries, and a drink for six bucks. The food is good and well-priced; even their cole slaw is awesome. They are very generous with their toppings, which they very much encourage you to use but do not charge for.To sum it up, it is a very comfortable place to be in with good food.
2	You'd think a place called Hot Dog Stop would serve a great Chicago-Style hot dog.You'd also think they'd have snappy Sabrett hot dogs, since hey, they have 4 Sabrett umbrellas outside.Leave your assumptions at the door, since neither of the above is true.  My Chicago Dog was the following:  A skinless hot dog, inside a mexican-style bolillo roll, with chopped tomato, jalapenos, sport peppers, electric green relish, mustard, onions, and a pickle spear on the side.  C'mon guys, at least try to make it look like the real thing.  Give me a poppy seed roll, put the pickle on the dog, give me a natural casing dog, no jalapenos.  Sliced tomato please.  Sport pepper and relish were fine.  The owner(?) was energetic, almost slightly offensive.  Tone it down slightly dude.  Customers are uncomfortable when you comment on their perceived hunger based on your judging their body size - even guys.      The condiment bar was well stocked, but canned mushrooms?  Yuck.  Also very expensive for what you're getting.  I paid $10 for a dog, fries and a drink.  On a positive note, their fries were really good, albeit a little too salty, but really hot and crunchy.I hope they can get it together, and other hot dogs looked good.
3	I will start off by saying the food is REALLY good!!!  have had a few different of the specialty dogs and all of them were outstanding. The fries could be better but they aren't bad, they are just ok which is fine because they have a ton of free toppings for the hot dogs and I just put those on my fries and they turn into something that pretty decent. The price is fine, its 8 bucks for a specialty hotdog, fries and a drink. Anyone that thinks $8 is expensive for lunch in 2013 should probably either pack a lunch or stick to McDonalds. Now on to the owner. If you read the current yelp reviews,he must be new, you will see that pretty much every single one mentions him and there is a reason for it. He is a nice guy but he tries WAY too hard and is so energetic that it is extremely obnoxious, I am glad to see I am not the only one who felt this way. You walk in the door and he just is on you going on and on about the menu, asking what you do for work, telling about his future the place and blah blah blah blah. I never give him more than one word answers but that doesn't stop him, it doesn't even contain him, he just goes full interrogating me like he is CIA and I am a terrorist. Do you work around here? Are you married? Do you have kids? What are their names? Do you have a dog? Oh...you do so do I mines name is sparky and he likes to play with his toys? Does your dog have toys? BLAH BLAH BLAH. It makes my very uncomfortable and more than once I have exchanged glances with other customer and we have given each other a look like WOW this dude is trippin!  Again, he is a really nice guy he just needs to tone it down A LOT.  He is at a 10 and needs to go to a 2. After the first time I went I swore I would never go back because of how uncomfortable he made me feel. Now I go maybe once every two weeks and it is just getting worse because he recognizes me. If he would just be quiet and take my order I would probably eat there 3 times a week. I am sure other people stay away for this same reason. If he is reading this I don't want him to be offended but I would tell him to just calm down, your food is good, and save the super-duper over the top friendliness for older people who get a kick out of it. People under 60 on their lunch breaks just want to get food and go back to work. If he would just chill I would give this place 5 stars and go there at least 5 times more often. Sorry for the rant, I just really like the food and wish I could eat there more often.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. The food is fresh and delicious.  The place is super clean.  The prices are super affordable.  The new owner is passionate about the food he sells and he likes to share that passion with the customers.  It is all about the kind of hot dog he serves - Sabrett.  Delish.  Definitely going to be a regular.
5	Where do I begin? Hmmm...well...I first tried HDS because i work across the street from them. I always thought it was just okay. They recently came under new ownership/management and that brought them up from 'just okay' to OUTSTANDING. They have really upped the bar! I've had their sliders, bahamas island dog, chicken fingers, and various other menu items and I've never been disappointed. The condiment bar is WELL STOCKED, I mean TONS of options and I am a girl who likes toppings...and choices. You can get anything exactly how you want it and the food is fresh and flavorful. French fries - perfect balance of crispy on the outside and soft on the insideBahamas Island Dog - killer combination of ingredients (onions, chili, mustard, nacho cheese etc)Chicken Fingers - crispy but not super bready and not super greasy eitherFriend Zucchini - You can actually taste the zucchini as opposed to some fried zucchini i've had where all you taste is the fried greaseSliders - comes with three of them, more than enough food for a meal, I love dressing them up with the items at the extensive condiment bar.The customer service is excellent, the new owner is an absolute doll. The staff is so nice that I would still eat there even if the food was crappy (lucky for me, it's not!). I honestly can't say enough good to do it justice. Give it a shot for yourself
4	Excellent Customer Service!Great Food & Great Prices. (Especially for North Scottsdale)Free Condiment bar is awesome! (try the peeled jalapeno sauce)The owner is extremely friendly and helpfulIt's a little cramped inside, but it's a great place for lunch.I will be back for sure!
4	Update:They use Sabrett's hot dogs now.  Not sure what the problem was before.  My hot dog was snappy and enjoyed the french fries (same as last time).  But still canned mushrooms?Overall they're making an effort to get it together and I still have high hopes.  I didn't get a chicago style dog this time, so that could knock it down a star if it looks the same way it did last time.Kudos to the team for your improvements, it's not going unnoticed.
5	The Hot Dogs (Sabrett's) can be grilled or steamed, and I always get the grilled.  The dog snaps when bit.  The buns are high quality - allows really loading up on the fresh condiments.  The owner is friendly and provides great customer service.  They offer Chicago style, NY Sabrett's style (with the onions).   And their version of the Sonoran Dog (bacon & hot dog).  Excellent product.Ignore any reviews prior to 2013 - the new owner took over this year.
3	I'm with Georgie's review on this place.  If you are looking for an authentic Chicago style dog - you may wanna trek elsewhere.  If you are looking to just satisfy an "I need a hot dog right now" craving, this place will definitely do the trick.  The hot dog was cooked perfectly, the fries were good, and there were tons of topping choices.  The guy running the counter was super helpful (despite the 100 mile an hour explanation of things - I'm from the Midwest, I can keep up).  We will most likely be heading back when my fiancee has a day off and can join me for a work lunch break, since their hours don't lend themselves to the dinner crowd and we live to far to make it in time for the "lunch" hours outside of work hours.Overall: B+  Get on over and try 'em out.
5	In a moment of divine inspiration, Boyfriend and I sought out hot dogs for a delicious dinner.  We came across HOT DOG STOP in Scottsdale Promenade, yay!   We didn't realize we arrived as they were closing but the owner, with his marketing genius acumen, gave us FREE grilled hot dogs & drinks. Impressed. Thankful. Amazed. Food was delicious made even more tasty with this generous experience. Going back with more people.
4	This place is the best example of the American Dream that I've ever seen. The owner is probably the hardest working man in the Hot Dog business and takes SUPER GOOD care of his customers. Hard work and pride are alive and well in a little gourmet hotdog shop in North Scottsdale! Check'em Out!
5	Was in there today and had a Chicago dog (wife had a turkey dog and loved it). I'm sure purest and people from Chicago will complain but I loved it. For me it tasted just as good as any dog from the Windy City. The service was also great. People there catered to our every need. Will definitely go there again and again.
4	Great place to stop in for a quick bite. Food is fresh and hot - plus there are so many toppings that you can literally never have the same hotdog in a year!The best thing to try is actually the homemade hot-sauce. Dip some fries into it and be in heaven (the fries are great too btw). Being from NYC, I love the red onions and these are pretty good - probably the best since I left NY.
3	I decided to stop last minute for a bite; had seen the sign. I do prefer the snappier Chicago dog. The staff was very friendly and the place was very cute but I'm undecided if I would go back again because I prefer a meatier dog. There are other options that might be worth trying-chicken, fish, etc. I did like the fries and I thought it was reasonably priced
5	If I want a good hot dog, this is the only place I will go. Tons of options on the menu, or there is a large condiment bar to dress it up any way I like. Nice, crispy french fries on the side make for a great, quick meal.
5	I enjoy the good tasting hot dogs and the condiment bar has more options then most others I have seen. The fries are very good as well. Each visit I have made has included great service by all staff and food arrives hot and quickly. All this for a very reasonable price and always fills me up ( lunch time visitor).  If in the area it is worth the stop.
5	After numerous visits the service has always been great. Food has been fresh and well prepared. Tried a few of the special hot dogs as well. Gagou Special is favorite so far. One of my favorite stops for lunch because it is close, quick enough and affordable.  Also portions are just right for my calorie intake for a lunch meal so not going back to work hungry, eating too much or tossing food away.
5	Delicious! Came here for lunch, everything about my food was great. The Sonoran hot dog was hardly authentic but definitely delicious. Tasty hot dogs combined with fresh ingredients made for an amazing hot dog. Meet the owner who was super friendly and clearly very knowledgeable with the quality of his ingredients. He was able to tell us where all his products came from and even how they were made.
5	This place was recommended by our local friends. It was great! So many combinations to choose from and the dogs are really good. I love the condiment bar with everything fresh and made in house with local ingredients. The people were really friendly too. And a great value.
5	Update here folks- was here yesterday 4-26-2014 & they had a lobster burrito featured, I came for a hot dog but owner said I should try the lobster burrito, that thing was UNBELIEVABLE , I hope they keep it in the menu, tasted so goooooooooooooood!Great place, try the cole slaw...i'm not the biggest fan of hot dogs, but thought i'd try this place out, i must say I'M SUPER IMPRESSED,  the fries are also great..the place is priced right as well!...
5	The manager was SOO friendly and the food was great! Definitely plan to go back! The place was clean, fun and inviting and they really take care of their customers!
5	The best kept secret is this nice place in the promenade. The manager, Sherry, is so friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is fun and bright. I always have great service and have a great conversation with the employees. The prices are reasonable and their specials are very affordable also.
1	Expensive.  Slow Service.  Lousy hot dogs.  This place has changed for the worse.  Their former employee, Mario, was friendly and they appeared to be staffed appropriately, now the new folks working there (new owners?)are more interested in chatting with customers than getting food out the door.  You get the weird vibe that the new owners have never run a restaurant before.  I literally waited 8 minutes for a hot dog as they had one employee struggling on the line by themselves.  They used to bring food out to you, but now that doesn't happen.  Is it that hard to bring food out?  Even when you're slow?  It really lost the family friendly vibe and they are squeezing the customers for profits.  They had about a $1 increase across the board for all food, now 2 dogs, soda, and fries will set you back over $10.  Yeah, it's Scottsdale, but they are hot dogs.  And not very good at that.  Outside of the Sabrett hot dogs the ingredients are sub-par and I can't help but to feel I'm getting ripped off.  Lunch for 4 people was over $30.  And still canned mushrooms.I was previously willing to overlook some of their shortcomings before but now I'll never go back.  Too many other options in the area that are a better value.
5	Everyone is really friendly, the portion sizes are large and the condiment bar has baked beans, cole slaw, chili, roasted peppers and more all for no additional cost. Truly one of the best values and not too far from shopping like Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland Commons. Make sure you stop by and check it out!
1	What an act!Food is poor quality and the layout is crowded but yet creative. I've been in the fast food industry for awhile in the past and I do love the menu layout and the unlimited buffet style add ons... BUT the food just sucks! The owner is a dick and thinks he is GOD'S gift.
5	best hot dogs in az!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! very friendly owners and staff!!
2	I was excited about having a NY og with the red onions I love so much. I don't know why they (and other hot dog shops) cant use the standard bun instead the fancy ones that are just too much bread. Anyway, if you order, ask them to hold the mustard so you can apply it yourself. They flooded mine with mustard and killed any chanve of enjoying the onions.
5	Just tried a new item that will be coming to the summer menu. Was a one day debut for now but watch for it to come back. The Puerto Nuevo Lobster Burito. Great flavor of lobster with rice and beans balanced with a hint of sweet and hint of spice. Mix of hot and cool ingredients worked well together. Good sized burito with a decent amount of lobster for $10. Look forward to having it again this summer.
2	Service is slow staff is very nice but seamed confused and overwhelmed I have now waited 15 minutes for a chili dog ..... Really did u loose the recipe ;( oh wait now I have to go to the counter to see where my dog is ,she looks at my number and then says ...and I quote oh shit , she forgot it in the oven it looks a little dry but they serve it to me anyway scorching hot along with frys that have sat on the tray for at least 10 minutes now barely warm ummm ya nice try won't be back
5	This is a great alternative to Portillos. The manager is always pushing his home made hot sauce, and for good reason, it is awesome! Good food, great service.
5	Just ate here.Pros:  -huge menu for hot dogs-super friendly-hot fries, cold pickles-fair pricingCons:-hard to spot if you don't know where it is. Take the time to find it and grab lunch.
4	My wife and I like are hot dogs grilled and this was no problem we were treated just like family and enjoyed every minute you can add anything you want to your hot dog from the condiment bar
1	OUCH! get your wallets out folks! This place is a scam and it is my guess that they are going out of business soon. Grama didn't know how to run the register, the son ran around and the wife manned the empty grill..here are the facts: I went in for a hot dog. The place was empty at 12:30pm...hmmm. The fancy and over done menu board had two hot dogs plus a drink, fries, cole slaw and pickle for $9.75...ouch! For two dogs? So I ordered to ale carte. I got my receipt and it said $12.85!!!!! For two ala carte hot dogs? are you serious? I questioned the owner as to how two ala carte dogs could be a third more than the two dog deal...he launched into a panicked diatribe about his $10,000 a month rent and that he flies the hot dogs in from New York...but that did not answer my question! He went on to say "Sir, this is not a hot dog cart where you get 2 dogs for $5 bucks...I'd be bankrupt if I did that"...funny thing here folks? He actually had a hot dog cart out front of his store! OMG! I would have laughed my butt off if I was so disgusted with his lame excuse as to how 2 ala carte dogs could be a third more than the meal deal.DO NOT GO HERE!  Save your money and the hassle of a desperate owner who doesn't know how to negotiate a lease that will allow him to sell 2 ala carte hot dogs for under $13.00!!
5	Eat here for lunch quite often. Very reasonable price; I love places with a punch card. Also, the condiment bar is awesome. I like being able to do what I want and not be limited with the toppings. Great place
5	The employees were beyond sweet. This is my new favorite spot. Very clean and extremely yummy!!!
5	Been wanting to try the veggie dog at this place.  Finally found myself nearby and decided to swing in.  Unbelievable!! The condiment bar is so great.  The fries were a good addition to our dogs and word on the street is kiddos score ice cream on the weekends if they finish their meal! We will definitely go back.
3	Kinda expensive for an average hot dog. Great atmosphere, but was expecting a more 'meaty' hot dog.
3	When you first walk in it can be confusing at all the array of available hot dogs and brats and stuff.  If you look at it what it is is a list of possible combinations and it seems to be perfectly acceptable to order the meat/bun combination you prefer and load it up at the side counter the way you want it rather than picking from one of the listed fixings.  It looks like a hot dog is pretty much $5.95 any way you want it including cole slaw and for $7.95 you also get fries and a drink.  I don't do hot dogs often but this is a decent place for one.
1	Craving hot dogs. Main website states open at 10, when it's really 11.  But i guess it's really not 11, because they are closed and its 11:20am.  Been waiting an hour and twenty minutes.  I'd eat at taste of chicago up the road if they were open on Sunday. Lame.
1	FYI, this place has closed its doors.
5	Best hot dog place EVER!!!
