3	I have an opinion about d'Vine. The problem is that it's all over the place. I think the restaurant is very pretty, traditional wine bar decorations. Candle light, wood furniture, shades of ruby, green, gold and bronze.The food is typical wine bar. Cheese plates, a few protein choices and nightly specials.The wine is expensive. For a late afternoon wine get together with friends, you can each expect to spend between $40-$60 dollars if you want a snack and two glasses of wine. Or that's been my going rate the last two times I've been. And that's just ordering middle of the road wine. Not too cheap...not too expensive.
2	Never have I been so disappointed in a place that I couldn't wait to check out.  This is one restaurant that I will never go back to.Sarah G and I went there for a late lunch...we walked in and was told to sit anywhere we wanted to. I guess they just had a big party and there were many tables that were not cleaned up.  But I also noticed that the waiter was by himself, so I didn't make a deal about it. I also noticed that the decor was a little bit on the cheap side and definitely didn't have that "wine" bar appeal.We decided to order 2 appetizers and our entrees. (When we ordered our food, the waiter gave us a strange look, knowing that we were out of our minds for ordering so much food.  He could have warned us that my sandwich was going to be huge) For the appetizers we got calamari and spinach and artichoke dip.  Calamari was chewy and greasy, but the tomato basil sauce was actually very good.  Spinach dip was good, loved the cripsy bread.Then came our entrees.I won't go into Sarah G's food, but my chicken club sandwich was on the verge of horrible.  They had this chipolte sauce was way too sweet for this type of sandwich and even though I asked for no onion, I could still taste onion.  The sandwich was also a pool of grease. I could barely take 2 bites of it.  The funny thing was that the french fries were the only thing that wasn't greasy.The waiter must have had an idea of our dissatisfaction because he never once asked us how our food was.  When we finally came by, we complained.  He took off our lunches from the bill.  By then, though, my stomach was reeling from all of that grease that i had just consumed.  Not happy at all.
4	d'Vine is a great place to eat and drink! While some folks seem to think that the wine is overpriced, now is the time to hit up d'Vine! This summer, they are running many specials on their wines and almost every day there is a different special.As always, d'Vine's food is always great. I have not had a bad dish at the place in many visits! The only complaint I have is if you sit toward the front of the restaurant in the 'bar' area, the evening entertainment is too loud and not conducive to having a conversation with your tablemates. Would it really change the music if the musicians were acoustic instead?
4	We had a really good experience here!  We wanted to try a new, local place and because we drive by here frequently, it was time to give it a try.  After checking out the website and menu ahead of time, we decided there that were lots of food we wanted to try with prices not being so cheap.  Therefore, happy hour on a Saturday from 2-6pm seemed like a great idea.  And it was.  Tapas were 2 dollars off, so we tried the Spinach Artichoke and Caprese.  Caprese was definitely above average for me, and the dip was good as well.  Alrighty.  On to main courses.  I had to order the Mac and Cheese with a side salad, if only because the boyfriend wanted to try it.  Side salad again was more than I expected with dark lettuce, cucumbers, and tomatoes.  The Mac and Cheese was crispy on the top, yum, but we had to ask for salt and pepper to flavor it.  The boyfriend had the Grilled Chicken sandwich, which he says was very tasty.  I had to sneak a couple fries from his plate....they were crispy deliciousness.  Wow, we had a lot of food!  Plenty to take home!  But for all that plus 2 glasses of wine and a big beer it was only $51.00 with tax!  We'll be back for happy hour, and this time will stick to the tapas and drinks.
1	In regards to the D'Vine Bistro of Chandler, I've been here twice and can assure you, I'll not be returning for a third. The first time a girlfriend of mine and I just sat at the bar and had a glass of wine. All was fine. You really can't go wrong just pouring a glass of wine.The second time we got a table and ordered dinner. Initially I sat at the bar to wait for a table. I ordered from an unfriendly bar tender yet they were out of All labels of Shiraz and Syrah ( How does a wine bar run out of wine?). The food was mediocre at best. The service was horrific. Our server asked for our drink orders and excused himself before we could get our drink order out of our mouths. He did not return for another 15 minutes. Once we ordered our entrees we didn't see him for another 45 minutes. We waited an additional 20 minutes after that just to order a 2nd glass of wine. He then asked us if we'd like to see a desert menu, we said yes and of course that took another 20 minutes until he returned with the menu. Following desert, another 20 minute wait for the bill. We were there for 3 hours with no exaggeration, just eating Cheese & Fruit, a salad and two glasses of wine. Because they ran out of wine, because the bar tender was unfriendly, because the food took very long to receive, and because the server was incompetent and neglectful... I'll not be returning here.
4	Ok Ok Ok...I said in my last review that I would never go back.  I lied.  Met some friends there that actually frequent the place.  They knew the servers, which made the experience a little bit better.  While waiting for my friend's husband to show up, we shared the calamari.  Yes folks, this was not fresh calamari...but you know what? Who cares!  First off, I am in AZ...second, wherever it came from....it was was good!We were going to order the spinach and artichoke dip, but our server informed us that ladies get $$$ off the brushetta.  I wasn't thrilled with the Traditional Brushetta....felt like it was was missing something.  The Caprese was excellent, but the Artichoke was by far the best.  I could have ordered more if I had to.  The wine list is extensive, and I promise the next time I go I will get some.  (I saw the prices, and they weren't that bad) The wine pairings is something that I would also love to try out.....5 courses for $65 is not a bad deal at all.  Can't wait to go back.
3	I have been to this place four times. The first time, my husband and I went there on a date. We loved sharing the bruschetta appetizer and calamari. That was the night I fell in love with the Pink Puppy - a wonderful combo of sweet grapefruit juice and vodka. The food and service were just ok. Another time, I met a group of girlfriends there, and we tried some nice glasses of wine, and shared appetizers. It was a busy night, and the service was pretty bad. My friends were not impressed.The third time, I took my friend that's a foodie, and she hated it - the hot food came out luke warm, some things over cooked, others had bland sauces. All in all, very disappointing.The final time, we met our friends there who love the place and know all the staff and chef. This was a completely different and pleasant experience. Food was amazing and service was perfect.Be prepared to either love or hate this place. I have seen both. I gave it a three because that Pink Puppy was so so good, the wine list is great. Food is hit and miss, and service can be terrible.
4	I love the happy hour here! This is a cute wine bar in Chandler. It is on the smaller side, but cozy. We sat at the bar and ordered our drinks. They have great drink deals during happy hour that starts at 2pm! The food options are $2.00 of all Tapas and 1/2 off the bruschetta menu. I love their bruschetta. There are like 6 different flavors to choose from. You get to pick three different kinds and you get two of each. One order is huge and its only $4.50. I do suggest that you stay away from the salmon bruschetta, not very good. My favs are the brie with apples and almonds, and the artichoke hearts with goat cheese and red pepper pesto. Yummo! I have had dinner here once awhile ago and it was good, but I have not been recently. I stick to their happy hour, it is a ton of food! Enjoy!
4	My first but not last visit.   I highly recommend the salmon cakes, they were just lovely!  My sister  visiting from San Jose was not going to eat anything. That didn't last, she can vouch for the salmon cakes. I changed my second order of salmon cakes to calamari. Calamari strips are not my favorite, I prefer the little squid with the tentacles, I should have asked. My niece ordered fried chicken with mac and cheese. The mac was made with a mild cheese,  a bit too suddle for my palette.  My niece wasn't impressed with the chicken, said it wasn't bad just not seasoned very well. Later she said anyone can fry chicken it's the seasoning that sets it apart.  Yes she is a fried chicken expert, just like I'm a fried catfish expert.  Back to my review.... Our waitress Kendra was attentive without being overbearing. Overall good food made better with good company and good service... I will visit the one on Power if  next time I have a visitor....I'll be back!
3	So this place is like 3min away from our place and we did hear some nice things about it so we decided to give it a try.  It was a Saturday night so parking was hard to find and the restaurant was very lively.  It's kinda weird to see several people exercising at the next door gym when you are about to go into the restaurant but I digress.  Our wait was not too bad, just 15min or so.  We tried the presciutto and smoked salmon bruschetta first.  They were very nicely done.  The presciutto and pine nuts were a good combination.  For our entrees, I tried the rib eye and my bf tried the bistro burger.  The rib eye was huge and the sauce was very nice but honestly, the rib eye was over done.  Overall, it was.....average.  The bistro burger had potential.  The burger came with artichoke/spinach spread on focaccia bread.  The idea is nice but I was more impressed with the presentation over taste.  The moment you bite into it, you can't help but to say to yourself "...oh...."  The bread was very fluffy and soft.  I think it would have been better if the bread was served alone.Would we go back?.....b/c it is so close, MAYBE for lunch.*Service = our waiter was probably new....he was going crazy serving all the tables.*Food = ok.  It was nothing special really.*Price = a little too much for the quality of food they serve*Ambiance/decor = you know, at first glance, it looks like it is an upscale restaurant but it isn't.
4	This was the location for a Bridal Shower I attended. The service was great! Our waiter even split the check...what? 25 different ways - that was awesome! The space they put us in was cozy and well lit. My food tasted great! I had their Brie, Marinated Artichoke, and Smoked Salmon (yes, I actually ordered fish!) Bruschetta; each had it's own flavor and textures and I liked them all, although I liked the Brie best.It was an interesting venue for a Bridal Shower, at times I think our group was a little too loud for the surrounding tables, and when the bride-to-be started opening her gifts...well, it's a family restaurant so I think everyone was a little embarrassed bystanders and invitees/gift-givers alike.Next time I come I will order an entire meal, this place was great.
2	This entry is about D'Vine Bistro and Wine Bar in Chandler. I wish I was more competent with my word processor, because I'd like to divide the review into three columns: Very Successful, Adequate, and Giant Flop. I think it would mean more if you could see side-by-side comparisons, but you'll just have to try and visualize it.I'll be nice and start with the Very Successful column.  (1)The menu: it's full of innovative selections. There are a number of Tapas, such as fried plantain cakes topped with grilled mango poke, seared pork belly, and a habanero vinaigrette ($8) and salmon cakes with chipotle molasses ($7). Many of the entrees come with interesting sides and sauces, for instance grilled pork tenderloin with a pan seared goat cheese polenta cake and roasted peppers, finished with a chipotle, espresso and raspberry BBQ sauce ($18). Which leads me to the Most Very Successful item of the evening. (2) Ken ordered one of the specials, a New Zealand farm-raised venison 2 rib chop with a juniper berry marinade, accompanied by spinach and roasted potato hash and the raspberry espresso BBQ sauce. Given how far the deer had to travel, the $32 price tag didn't seem too unreasonable. The chop was truly superb, moist and flavorful but not gamey. The sauce suited it perfectly. (3): portion sizes were quite generous. And (4): White anchovies were featured in several of the dishes.  That's it for the Very Successful. On to Adequate. (1) The ambience is pleasant, if somewhat noisy. There's a bar, with a television above it, high top tables, and those of regular height. The paintings on the wall are for-sale originals, some good, some not-so. There is a patio (this will also appear in the Giant Flop column). (2); Our dessert selection of chocolate mousse cake was "corporate food", not made in-house, and nothing special, but certainly both edible and size-able. The coffee fell in this column, too. (3) The nicoise salad ($12) ordered by our friend Sena came with seared Ahi tuna rather than the canned variety packed in olive oil. This would have put it in the Very Successful category for me, but Sena likes the more traditional canned tuna. OK. Here's the column you've probably been waiting for: Giant Flops. I'll start with (1) the above mentioned patio. The misters were on and it felt like London on a foggy morning. When we asked that they be turned off, nobody warned us that we would get dripped on, and our drinks would get dripped in. We soggily moved inside. (2) Sangria shouldn't be offered unless the proper ingredients are available. The white sangria ($5 at happy hour) given to us had a few slices of lemon in a poor quality wine. When we told our waitress that it was unacceptable she brought us a little carafe of "berry juice" to add to it. This made it even worse. (3) Nobody should ever put slices of cucumber in drinking water. While it may look stylish, after about 5 minutes it tastes really strange, and after 15 it's horrible. Imagine drinking it while eating chocolate mousse cake!! (4) My entree. I ordered one of the specials - fried chicken marinated in buttermilk, served with gouda mac & cheese, sauteed vegetables and a rainbow peppercorn gravy ($18).I asked for all dark meat, and my plate arrived with two huge chicken legs. I thought the coating was good, although the crispness of the coating was quickly lost to the gravy. The first few bites were quite good, the chicken was moist, with a pleasant taste. But then I noticed how pink the chicken meat was getting as I got closer to the bone, and it was actually almost raw in the center. The second leg, which I had given to Ken was somewhat smaller, and he said it was adequately cooked. The mac & cheese, if it had a flavor, was drowned out by the gravy which was cough-inducingly peppery. The sauteed vegetables consisted of a few strands of bell peppers. When our bill arrived, $6 had been deducted from the price of my entree, and we had not been charged for the sangria (which we had not drunk).  As we were leaving the restaurant a woman whom I assume is the manager asked how our meal was. I politely listed some of our complaints and she seemed genuinely upset and was quite apologetic. While we were getting into the car she came out to the parking lot and gave us a gift certificate to use if we'd give D'Vine a second chance. Because of the items in the Very Successful column, I think we will. It's not every place that has pork belly, white anchovies and venison.
2	1/14/10Met Violeta H. and new Yelper friend Aly (D.?) here today for happy hour (HH).  As soon as I walked into the resto, I noticed that the noise level was high, even though there were only 6 or less patrons (including me), plus 3 or 4 employees present.  Ambience was OK- portraits of past actors and actresses (era of Grant, Monroe, and Gardner) and black or dark furniture, etc.Since Violeta had arrived earlier, she already had a glass of wine in front of her.  After a few minutes, our server came and asked if I would like to order a drink- I asked if I could sample a couple of red wines.  I had sensed that he might not have liked this request, but he said sure.  After I'd made my decision and let him know which, he dropped off the selection shortly, but took awhile to bring me a glass of water despite my asking for one earlier.  Again, it wasn't busy at all as it was only around 430p.  Aly D. arrived, and after chatting it up a bit, and waiting for our server to come back (maybe 10 to 15 minutes of lag time), I placed my order of bruschetta of brie, marinated artichoke, and smoked salmon (brie, apple and slivered almonds; artichokes, roasted red pepper pesto and goat cheese; salmon, mascarpone, olives, and capers) and Violeta asked for sweet potato fries.  We continued to chat and sip our wines (Aly D. only drank wine; she didn't have anything to eat), and after about 10 or 15 more minutes, the bruschetta arrived.  After taking a few photos of the dish and offering the two women some of the pieces (Aly refused and V. opted to wait for her fries, which hadn't arrived yet), I chose to start w/ one of the roasted red pepper pieces, and after attempting to knife into a corner, and not succeeding, I picked it up and took a bite.  The bread they chose to serve me was stale!  I spat that out, and, wanting to ask V. or Aly to confirm that the bread was indeed stale, I tried to slice off a piece of bread, and pieces flew across the table.  Finally, I was able to hand a sample to V., who agreed that the bread was stale.  After a few attempts to flag our server down, at last he came back to ask how I was enjoying the app (Violeta's fries still hadn't arrived).  When I told him that the bread was stale, he vehemently denied that the bread could be stale, as their bread is made in-house.  He then just left it at that, panning over the three of us, and after a few uneasy seconds, he asked if I'd like to order something else.  I was taken aback by his reaction to my observation and decided that I didn't want to order anything else, so I just told him to take the app back.  Before he left, Violeta kindly reminded him that she still didn't have her sweet potato fries, so he went back to the kitchen to check on that.  I don't know what the other two were thinking, but I was still reeling from our server's remark and how he had handled the exchange.  A woman came by to drop off the fries, which were tasty and very crispy, just the way I liked it (thanks V. for sharing!), and soon after, our original server arrived back to say that the chef had sampled the returned bruschetta, had agreed that the bread was not up to standards and would like to know if I would like to have another prepared.  I said yes, I'd love to try again.  Finally, a solution was offered!  But why did it take all those many minutes?  The second plate arrived, the obligatory picture-taking done, and I took a bite of the salmon, and all was well again in the universe!  This time the bread was NOT stale, and while I liked all of the selections, I wouldn't order this dish again.  We continued to chat and enjoy our wines, but I still wanted to try something else, so I asked for the Cuban sandwich, which arrived after a few minutes.  (Strange, but I couldn't find a photo of it,nor the fries, in my collection, so perhaps V. or Aly took pics for me?  Please send them over!)  This tasty halved sandwich was quite petite- about three bites, four at the most, and one half had the two kinds of meat- ham and smoked pork (?) and some sort of cheese and the other half only cheese.  My lack of concentration w/ my selection is testimony that I did not enjoy my experience here at D'Vine...  Because of 1.) the many failed attempts to flag our server down, 2.) the long waiting times in between server visits, 3) the lag time of the sweet potato fries, 4.) our server's reaction to the stale bread, 5.) the miniscule sandwich which only had meat in one-half of it, and 6.) the resto's noise when it wasn't even busy (the noise grew as the afternoon turned into night), I will never go back again, not even to try their lunch menu, which is a pity as the eight selections featured, each at $7.49, look promising.  In retrospect, I wished that we had  stood up after the initial reaction to the stale bread and gone with V.'s suggestion to go to Cork and finish happy hour there.  Sorry, but I do not agree that life is divine at D'Vine!
1	I can not stand this restaurant. Every time I go the food is inconsistent.  I've had the "Dave's Special" (not on menu but my co-worker goes so much there is a dish named after him) with salmon, sauteed spinach, pasta, and tomatoes tossed in olive oil.  I've given this dish a try a couple of  times and each was different. Once the fish portion was slight but the spinach was perfectly sauteed and wilted. Second time, the fish portion was large but we had a BIG bowl of spinach, little bit of pasta and hardly any tomatoes and the spinach was raw - never touched the skillet.  So I give another dish on the menu a try - the appetizer of bruschetta with prosciutto, brie, apple, 3 different types. The brie was all rind and the prosciutto is like the kind you get at the Albertson's deli.  Really!?I no longer frequent this restaurant and boycott it if its an option for an office birthday lunch.
5	All I can say is fabulous everything!  My favorite place to go with the hubby and our children.  Great musicians and ambiance.  The wine list is unparalleled.
5	I love this place.  All of my coworkers and I love it here.  We all agree it's the best food around, and we agree it's the best bang for our buck.  We go to far lesser or respectful places to eat, even fast food type places, spend more, get less, and get FAR LESS quality in the food and cooking.  For both work and personal we take out of town people here every time.  The first time I took my girlfriend here she fell in love with it.  The staff is friendly, normal, knowledgeable, actually will talk and hold good conversation.  The atmosphere is great, though it can be a little loud for some people but it doesn't bother me at all.  I highly recommend going here to get away from the norm and to have great food every single time you go.  I've never been disappointed here once.
2	d'Vine has the potential to be a better restaurant. I ended up here because my date suggested it. I was going to give it 3 stars but there were a few things that kept me from doing even that.Let me start off by saying that the restaurant is in a very nice, if not a little off the beaten path, of south, south Chandler. The inside has a nice, cozy feel to it, albeit a little on the dark side. Our table, in particular, was lacking in basic lighting. Anyway, that's just a tiny complaint compared to the service and the food. Ah, the service! At first it seemed as though things might go pretty well in this area. We were promptly seated, asked about our drinks and even managed to put in an order for an appetizer, all within 10 minutes of sitting down. Not bad. The food came out pretty fast but I don't think it was anything to write home about. It wasn't spectacular, just ok. I received my drink, called the Pink Puppy, and I had read in a couple of other reviews on here how "wonderful" it was. I wasn't impressed. I guess this place just shoots for mediocrity because that's all it was--mediocre. Luckily, I was so distracted by my charming date that I didn't realize until my stomach started grumbling again, that I was still hungry. A few strips of calimari split between two people isn't very filling. At that point, I realized we had probably been chatting for a full half hour or more and our waitress was nowhere to be seen (it was later on when I got up to go to the bathroom that I understood why she was MIA. I'll get to that in a minute.) Finally, she must have noticed my date doing his head-bob to get her over to the table. We were able to get our order in for the main entree. I ordered the salmon dish over risotto. It was, again, just okay. Tasty, but I don't think I would rush back to order it again. The center was a tad underdone, but I eat sushi on a regular basis so I didn't complain. The risotto was a bit mushy but still had some flavor to it. The real disappointment was in the dessert.  We ordered the chocolate mousse pie/cake--not quite sure which one it was trying to be. The texture was so bad I couldn't eat but a few bites. There was nothing "mousse-y" about it. It had the consistency of dried out Play-doh. Yuck! And I am a dessert person, 't boot! I love my sweets and can eat just about anything with sugar in it. This was inedible. I'm not sure why we didn't send it back and our waitress never questioned why 3/4 of a supposedly decadent dessert was still on the plate. After dessert I got up to go to the bathroom and saw why our waitress was so slow in coming to our table: She was too busy chatting it up with the other customers to pay attention to her tables. So, in summing it up here is my take on this restaurant:Good atmosphereMediocre foodBad serviceNot a winning combination if you are a small business trying to make strides in today's economy. This establishment needs to really take a look at itself (and these reviews!) and improve where improvements need to be made. I find it very interesting that this place is owned by the same folks who have a d'Vine location in Mesa. That restaurant fairs much better in the Yelp ratings. I wonder why two places owend by the same people have such different ratings.
2	Had a couple beers here.Nice server.
5	Five reasons I gave d'Vine Wine five stars:1. Sixto, our waiter. Cute, charming and patient.2. Parmesan truffle fries. Yummy.3. Beef & Gouda Melt. To die for.4. Relaxed, but sophisticated vibe. I felt comfortable and cool.5. The wine. Hello. Lots to choose from, and the Sauvignon Blanc I had was fantastic!Only downfall? It is waaaaay the heck out there, especially from north central Phoenix. But... if I'm ever in that area again, I'll definitely make a point to stop by. It was certainly d-vine.
5	My husband and I love this place!!  The staff is so friendly, the wine selection is good and the food, especially the happy hour appetizers, are really tasty. We love to go here and chat with the bartenders and have a nice relaxing time.
4	I've been a fan of D'Vine in Chandler for some time now and I had the pleasure of attending their Wine 101 class recently.    The class was presented by David Newton, D'Vine's Sommelier.  The topics discussed during class included: serving wine, different regions and the best regions for certain grapes, and a little history of wine.  David has a great passion for wine and is an engaging speaker, so it made for a great afternoon.  The wines chosen for the class were excellent, and offered something for every palate.  This particular class was not designed specifically for tasting, although there will be a class devoted to how to taste wine in the future, this was about wine in general, which I found to be a great place to start.There will be a different class each month through March on a variety of topics and are being held at both Mesa and Chandler locations. This is an excellent opportunity for anyone interested in wine and meeting people with the same interest.  Can't wait for the next class!
4	NW corner, if you couldn't eyeball it very well from the Google map.  Our lunch group of 12 came, and not one bad review.  The girl sitting next to me could not stop helping herself to my fries, they were seriously that good.  These were no normal McD good quality fries... this was gourmet fries... if they had a drive thru, I'd come here for the fries alone.  Ok but seriously, 12 of us had a large variety of menu offerings and everyone was gobbling it up.  The waitress completely surprised us by being willing to split our checks, how cool is she?!
1	Very disappointed in the food and service. First time having a meal there since new owner(s) took over. The food was very bland had to ask for refills on our water. If you want a glass of wine for happy hour great just don't expect much from the food.
4	This was my second time at D Vine and it was a pleasant evening. I'm not a big wine drinker so I didn't try any but the food that I ordered was very nicely done and tasty. My date gobbled his up, so he must've been happy. The service was a little on the slow side. Our food took a little while to come out but our waiter was nice and kept us filled with water. I recommend going on a Monday night since there was no live music. I've been to this place when there is live music and if you are looking to hold a conversation while loud music is playing, you will be asking your date to repeat things twice. Other than that, I love the atmosphere of the place. I find it to be very cozy.In conclusion, I think the service and food have improved since my last visit there. The first review I gave it two stars. This time I give it four and would happily go back again.
4	When Mom picked me up from the airport around 8 the pickins were a little slim. However, Mom knew of this good little wine bar that she thought I might like. Might like? Me? Wine? Bar? Needless to say, I LOVED it! And I was surprised that my mom had found such a cool place - sorry Mom :x. Their selection of wines was good and their food selections ... we couldn't decide! We did tapas - beer battered calamari (it was okay ... some were a little chewy), fondue (OMG!! Let's just say that if I were to find a Cheese and Wine Bar I might start crying), and their tapas special - crab filled portabelo (really, really good!!). Unfortunately, I don't remember what wine I chose but it was good - apparently not memorable. I liked the live jazzy music but would have enjoyed my time here a little more if it wasn't so loud - and we were in the back. But the guy singing was good and that's what they do - jazz and wine - so I can't really complain. I'll be dragging mom back here next time I'm in town!
3	Service was sub-par for the evening, it was not even that busy.  Food was good, but not amazing, price was reasonable but with the poor service...a bit high.  I have tried here 4-5 times and its showed its true colors as being an average place with good food and a good selection of wine.
2	I always love this place. It's been where I've spent new years,valentine's day & anniversaries. But last night I was disappointed. The pizza we had for an app was over cooked and undercooked at the same time. boo. Then the skirt steak I had for dinner was alright but the horse radish potato cake that it came with had the consistency of Elmer's glue. It ruined the meal. I want to know who tasted that and thought it was good enough to serve. Gross gross.
3	Made a  purchase on livingsocial for this place.. $25 for $50 worth of wine tasting for two with fruit & cheese plate which is a pretty good deal. Date got the Mango stilton with ginger cheese with the cabernet flight  (3 types) & I got the Manchego cheese with the riesling flight (3 types) which had the kabinett, spatlese, auslee. Both types of cheese were very yummy & not too strong. We both loved the Mango stiltion though, it was our favorite and definitely a must try!!! As for the wine...kabinett was my favorite!! it wasn't too sweet nor too strong and it was really refreshing, the spatlese was alright & the auslee was good but a bit too sweet for my taste. The date ordered red wine only because we were gonna order the lamp pops from their appetizer menu but it turns out they were out of lamb? So we ordered the ahi tuna tostado & ceviche which we both enjoyed. Overall the wine tasting experience here wasn't that bad and the food we ordered was pretty good. The only real problem we had with this place was that the service just sucked. I mean our waiter brought out our fruit & cheese plate and forgot our wine. And we're seated in the corner with this small itty bitty table and our waiter was never around to pick up the dishes. Then we asked for the desert menu & he went missing for like 10 mins and then comes back and says "ohhh ill get your desert menu.." and by that time we didn't want to order dessert anymore. Sooo with that said i would have to give this place a 3 star...I wouldn't mind going back though.
1	Over rated, over priced, service is sub par, dirty bathroom, food doesn't make up for all the negatives. Been there 3 times, won't go again.
4	Been here twice and enjoyed it.  A bit to pricey but the quality and uniqueness of the food is great.  Good place to take a date, casual and comfy.
3	Nice place, good music (later), and overall enjoyed the ambience.  Unfortunately some of the review are true, the food could be improved.  Wanted to try something just to see if something like a special or app would be good, hot, and tasty.  We tried the mussels along with wine of course.  Enjoyed thew wine but the mussels were cold, they should have been hot.  They weren't that busy on a Saturday night.  They were also chewy much of the way thru. The wines by the glass are pretty good but I will say that several selections are overpriced.  Go the the valley's other million wine bars and you'll see what I'm talking about.  i will go along with some of the other review.  Go there and drink, enjoy the music, and don't expect too much from the food.  If the mussels were good we would have ordered a meal but that wasn't the case.  Left and ate elsewhere.
1	Let me pre-empt this by saying the ONLY reason Im giving 1 stars is because the waiter was honest with me. If there were a way to give zero, I would.  Now on to the cockroaches. Yes, I said cockroaches.Ive been here once before, and rather enjoyed it. I try to experience a place at least twice or more though before I write a review because sometimes things arent always as they seem on first impressions. So it seems was this place. The first time I went here, everything was outstanding. It would have been at least a 4 if not 5. But this time, my wife and I sat down and ordered 2 glasses of Malbec and 2 appetizers, still trying to decide on main courses. The wine and appetizers came, and we ordered our main course. As we are eating our first appetizer I notice a bug coming from the kitchen out into the main dining area. Curious, I stood up to investigate, and yep, its a cockroach. I wave my waiter over to show him, and he kills it and I go sit back down. He comes to our table and apologizes and says he knows about them and that they have a cockroach problem. WHAT???? He says the place is under new ownership and that there are several problems that the wait staff are trying to fix on their own. DOUBLE WHAT??? What other problems are there that I dont know about??? Omg. Check please. So he cancels our order, delivers me a bill and tells me that he didnt charge us for the main dishes, but has to charge us for the one appetizer we already ate. OMG!!! Welcome to the age of the internet Divine Wine. I hope everyone reading this stays the heck away, and now I need to go call the health department.Update: Maricopa Health Dept notified. Complaint number 1105179.
3	I have been here  a few times. The first time was about 3 years ago and then twice in the past couple of months. My wife bought a "wine club" membership which offers two bottles of wine per month. Pretty good  deal really.  I have to say that I hadn't come back since the first visit as I can't recall being overly impressed. Soooo...3 years later the 2nd visit was enjoyable. For apps: We had the shrimp with spicy chili sauce, sweet potato fries and the pork belly sliders. The shrimp app was good, the pork sliders came out on rocks pretending to be buns. I'm normally not a fan of sweet potato fries but they and the chipotle aoli they were served with were good. I can't recall what main dish I had unfortunately. I guess that speaks for itself!We visited D'vine again last night. The first month of the club we had a Chard and a Pinot Noir. Both were good. This time we had an Italian Pinot Gris. Perfect for a summer quencher.  We ordered the shrimp and fries again. Then added some green salads and fish tacos.  The fish tacos caught our eye as the menu stated a sriracha mayo/sauce.  Turned out to be the perfect kick for the breaded fish.We'll be back to exhaust the wine membership over the next couple of months, I'm hoping the experience gets better and we try other dishes that attempt to assure my return.
2	My initial thoughts about this place were very positive.... We bought the livingsocial coupon. My boyfriend started off with one flight of the cabernet wines and one of the Riesling. Both wines were really good in my opinion. The cheese plate was pretty standard we had the cheddar and havarti. However the more time we spent there the less I was enjoying the place.... Service was starting to get slow....  I ordered the hand made pasta dish with Cajun alfredo sauce. The pasta was completely over cooked an the sauce was bland. Not worth the $18 I paid for it. The bf got the braised beef melt (not sure if thats the name) which was raved a out in an other review. Let's just say it wasn't very big and very greasy.... Nothing impressive about this place.... While we were waiting (forever) to pay our tab we over heard some staff members yelling at each other. Probably won't come up on my radar to return...
2	Checked out this place over the weekend since I bought the living social deal & it was about to expire! It was definitely worth the $25 we spent on the voucher. We had a flight of 3 cabernet wines & a flight of 3 chardonnay wines. We received a plate EACH of 2 cheeses with grapes, apples & nuts. Surprisingly we had a bit more cheese than we did of the fruit & nuts. Could have used a piece of bread on each plate to finish it off.  The bistro wasn't busy at all but the vibe felt a bit stuffy even though they did have baseball on the TV. The staff was just a couple of bartenders who seemed friendly & our server. The server was a tad odd & he mumbled when he spoke. All in all the food was just decent. We did only have the sweet potato fries & 2 teeny street tacos (2) for $5 on HH.  The prices were reasonable since we stuck to the Happy Hour menu. I think I have a couple of other wine places in the East Valley that would be my choice before I go back to D'Vine. I'd say 2.5 stars if there was a half to give.
3	Hmmm... Just read a review from July 2011 that mentions there is new ownership. That would explain some things. My husband and I come to Chandler every winter and have always looked forward to a couple nights a week at Divine throughout our vacation. I'm a huge fan of independents, come from a city known for it's food and always thought Divine was on par with some of the best. Joke that even though i could catch salmon in my backyard the best salmon i ever ate was at this wine bar in AZ! Not anymore. This time I was really disappointed in both the food and the service and felt a change in the atmosphere. A year ago I'd have gone four stars. I grudgingly gave a 3 based on the good wine and Blake the consistent good bartender.
4	We've been here several times and we've never had a bad meal. The drinks are wonderful - my favorite is the French martini (I don't remember the full name but that is close).We've tried quite a few items on the menu and the only one that was just ok is the fish tacos - they were strange because the piece of fish they used was so big.  The stuffed portabello is good, the street tacos are good, the beef & mushroom risotto was ok, the Krisi flatbread is AWESOME, and the bruschetta was good as well.  We will be going back for sure!
4	We decided to try this place for dinner with another couple. Probably the only complaint I have about this place is that it is hard to find. We had a very helpful and courteous waiter. Live music was good. It was a beautiful Arizona night to sit on the pation. Our friends, who joined us, dine out regularly and have high expectations for what they would consider a nice meal. They commented several times how everything they ordered was really good and would definitely go back. My husband and I shared an appetizer and the chicken parmesan, one of their staples. The only dissapointment there was that we decided to share the plate. The garlic, vegetables and pesto sauce created some delicious flavoring. Although, the plate did have a lot of extra olive. Every dish that I saw served made me want to go back and try it. The chocolate cake was devoured in minutes by my friend.  He nodded 'yes' in between bites when I asked if it was good. Tiramisu was good but not the best I have had.
4	Excellent meal and a very nice wine selection.  Our service was quite good as well. We went on a Monday night and the place was packed. I'd definitely would go again
4	I don't drink alcohol, so I cannot comment on the "wine" part, but the food (salmon steak) was absolutely amazing. The service was prompt, and the atmosphere very relaxing. To top it all, the live music (one dude, playing Bill Withers on a guitar) really clicked for me.
3	Amazing French fries! Is that weird for me to say? We tried the brushetta with apple and Brie, smoked salmon, and the caprese.  My favorite of the 3? Tough choice, I'd say it's a tie between the salmon and the caprese. It seems like everything I kind of liked, something on it I didn't care for. The caprese was the only one I didn't pick anything off of.  I severely wanted to try the peach cobbler but next time I will try it. I personally do not like the blueberry beer but my boyfriend liked it surprisingly. My friend works here so I will be back more so for her not so much the food. Our waiter was beyond on point I wish I would have got his name for this review but I will edit this when I get it. :)
4	Wow! I used to live in Las Sendas and have been to the Mesa location several times and it has always been mediocre to just ok. Having moved to Chandler recently and seeing online that Dvine Chandler is starting a lot of specials this summer, I decided to check it out.What brought me in was their summer backyard BBQ menu that they are doing on Sundays. We arrived at 12:30 and we were the only ones there (except for one older guy sitting at the bar).We were seated right away and waters were brought out quickly. I was very impressed with the service. Our waitress was very warm, friendly and attentive. I was also impressed by the fact that when she forgot what I ordered (ok servers, just write it down and stop trying to impress us because it's super irritating when you forget or get something incorrect), she came back right away to confirm instead of guessing and screwing up. Good move, but just write it down at the beginning.We had a party of 8 and I have to say I felt that we were really taken care of. Granted, there was no one else in the restaurant. I'll have to see what the service is like on a busy night. Our server brought my mom a sample of vodka to taste because she was ordering a new martini. I thought that was very thoughtful.Our food was delicious. Everything was plated beautifully and the portion sizes were generous. The only exception was the calamari. It was tough and rubbery and the sauce was too sweet and greasy. Don't get that one. But seriously everything else was excellent. My husband said the pork relleno was the best thing he has ever eaten (and we have eaten at a lot of fine restaurants).I liked the atmosphere too. It's much bigger than the Mesa location. I think it was about 2pm when the live music started, which was very nice.Not a good spot for kids (which I guess goes without saying). I did bring my 3 and 5 year old since it was lunch time but there really aren't any menu options for them.I had a great experience here, a couple hiccups, but the food to the service to the atmosphere was pretty good overall. Can't wait to come back!
1	Used to be a lot of fun, but prices went up and service went down.Finding new place to hang out with friends!
5	Ordered a grilled chicken salad and sangria.  The dressing on the salad was very tasty.  Shared some tapas with my sister- the brie/apple/almond combo was delicious. Great ambiance -- dim lighting, friendly wait staff, and a wall dedicated to wines alone.  Live musician playing cover songs on acoustic guitar - phenomenal.  In addition, they held a wine tasting and I got a little lesson on wines! Hope to come back again the next time I am in town
2	Do not go there for the food.  It is an overpriced disappointment.  Ambience is okay.  If you sit in the bar area, the music is too loud for conversation.
3	Some friends and I came in for a wine tasting, but ended up being in time for happy hour. Wine tasting was $5 for four samples. We didn't end up doing it, so can't comment on that. You know it's fancy when there's cucumbers in the water! They're very on top of refills, despite leaving a bottle of water on your table.  Delivery of the wine was extremely slow, very odd. Happy hour included $5 glasses of wine and some random munchies. My only complaint would be the portion size of the happy hour food. Small! One slider (BBQ beef) and a small handful of fries ($6). Tasty, but small. We also tried the mac n cheese balls. Nice presentation, but again, small portion. Normal food prices seemed a little steep as well. Wine was decent, ambiance is nice, service was good, and live music started at 7pm.
2	The ambience was very nice with a pretty cool band was playing, the salmon panini we was pretty good but why it only received two stars?We ordered which perhaps is the worst pizza I've ever had! I'm not a picky eater by any means but they should seriously take it off the menu, I've had better frozen pizzas!
3	Stopped in on a Saturday night, quite the hot spot!  Waited a while for a table.  The food was great, the wine selection nice.  We had a great time.
4	I've written two prior reviews on Divine as we've been regulars on and off for years. We moved here full time a year ago and that's the last time I reviewed it. MUCH has improved since then. Last year I wrote how dissapointed I was in them. But not anymore! The atmosphere is fun again, the service is consistent again and better than that... the food is really good again! They had a down swing for awhile. These days I'm addicted to a stuffed portobello mushroom they serve that's so good its hard to describe. I'm not a vegetarian and it's a meal for me. As well, my husband orders off the daily special menu a lot and says you "can't go wrong". It's not a five star dining experience, but once again, it's a really solid four stars. And their wine list is great. they have a variety of really good and interesting wines by the glass and a fabulous by the bottle list.
5	This was our first time at this wine bar. We were celebrating my moms birthday with a girls night out. The server was great at helping us pick a wine for the table as well as with the food. We are all pretty picky about food, we like simple, and they had some simple with a twist of, "what in the world is that'. I'm sure most people know but like I said, we like simple :) I did not care for my meal so I was eating off my sisters plate, our server noticed and apologized right away and asked if I wanted something else. I explained that it was no big deal, its my taste buds and that I was fine. She insisted that I at least get a dessert, and hey who can pass up dessert. The cheesecake was AMAZING!! The bartender was also really great. He found out it was my moms birthday and insisted we have shots on him. We bought a few bottles of wine and in my opinion tipped well. We were very satisfied with our experience and will defiantly return!
5	We went out for my moms b-day on Cinco De Mayo and really didn't want to deal with crowds. So we chose a wine place hoping all the Cinco De Mayo party goers were somewhere else! We picked correct, because when we arrived for lunch no one was in the restaurant. It was nice to have the place to ourselves for about an hour. Our waitress was very lovely and helpful. She was able to find a wine the whole table liked and gave each of us different options off the menu. I ordered the hand made pasta with chicken and basil pesto! It was absolutely delicious!!!! Once she set my plate down I dove right in! It was full of flavor, the chicken was nice and juicy and the pasta was cooked perfectly! My sister has more bland taste buds and ordered the artichoke dip. She was thinking along the lines of a regular plain artichoke dip and what she got was a surprise. The artichoke dip included chorizo, goat cheese and corn relish, definitely something my sister wasn't expecting. I thought it was awesome! They have their own little recipe to give plain artichoke dip a bigger bang! My mom enjoyed every bit of her brushetta and my sister spiced up her mac n chesses with the waiters recommendations! 3 out of 4 happy in our family never really happens, so my hats off to you D'Vine! Since my one sisters taste buds are so bland the waiter insisted she have dessert on the house. I thought that was very nice of her, for it wasn't the cooks fault that she didn't enjoy her meal. Not a lot of places are like that, so it was a nice treat for the table. A big thank you for that!We spent quite some time here eating, drinking and visiting. The staff was so friendly and kind the whole time we were there, which is always enjoyable and the food was absolutely delicious! It was a great start to celebrating my moms birthday!
4	Good salads and sandwiches. I like the Fish n Chips too. Attentive staff. Good selection of wines.
4	Loved happy hour - $2.50 microbrews, $5 appetizers (WAY better appetizers than your average place, though they could do to expand the options...sizes are a bit small but they're forgiven b/c the appetizers are unique and taste SO good...oh and the size of the appetizer salads ARE generous).  Friendly staff!  My friend LOVES the generous pour on their wines (especially during happy hour).
5	I have been to D'Vine on many occasions, and have nothing but good things to say.  I have tried lunch and dinner on different days, and the service has always been consistent and impeccable.  The food each time has always been impeccable as well.  I love that this is a local eatery in the neighborhood, and has great ambiance and great food and of course wine.  Everything I've ever tried here is delicious.  My favorites are the edamame (always add the chili sauce), cheese/nut plate, pizzas, steak dishes, salmon and steak salad or salad with scallops.  The wine selection is fantastic, and I usually try something different each time I go.  We even had my 40th birthday party here, and the server there was awesome and treated me like a queen, even though you could tell it was a very busy night for him.  I haven't been for happy hour, but here the specials are great during that time. We also love the live music on the weekends.  Great place to keep your dollars in Arizona instead of going to national chain restaurant. My profile picture is a picture of me and my husband at my 40th birthday party at D-vine.  :)
2	Nothing exceptional about this place.Negatives:  *Seating and Narrow 10ft wide room w tables too close to each other, can't hear your conversation over others. Not an intimate place. *The nut they chose to put on the cheese platter are cheap peanuts! Disgusting and very faux pas, does not pair w the cheeses and olives or any wine. Very weird that they would do that. *Bruschetta had this burnt taste -I think it may have been because they grill the bread.  Would be better if they just browned it under the broiler. Positives: *Cute artwork of pop culture icons like Marilyn Monroe, and The Godfather, etc..*Clean restrooms*Nice waitress
4	This was our 3rd visit here and we find the entire venue handy, comfortable and we normally try their daily specials and were not disappointed this time around.Had the lamb tenderloin which came cut up into pieces but it was tasty and had a very mild lamb taste, the vegetables and gravy were incredibly salty but this was a minor concern given the overall meal.  My wife had a filet mignon and it was as good as expected.  All washed down with a 2007 Franciscan "Magnificat" meritage, mmmmmm... superb, after it had  time to breath.It is a nice venue for relaxing and being with friends.
4	Went here for the first time tonight with my husband. We enjoyed our dinner and the atmosphere was good. Our waitress was very attentive and responsive. We both ordered the fish and chips and a side salad and both thought everything tasted very good. There was so much food we could've ordered one entree and split it. My husband's only complaints had to do with his drinks. He originally ordered a glass of red wine before deciding on dinner and he thought it tasted like it had been opened too long. So he then ordered beer but they didn't have either of his favorites, Sam Adams or Fat Tire, My wine tasted fne, but I'm no wine connoisseur so you can't really go by me. We came early and left early so we didn't hear much of the live music but what we heard was good and not too loud. It's not a place we'll go often just because of the cost, but I think we'll probably come back here and try some other entrees.
5	It's a keeper!Been here a handful of times now: some for drinks and snacks, some for full meals, and once for a wine dinner. The food was uniformly excellent on all occasions. The calamari is not your typical fried blobs with dipping sauce; it is actually plated with a sweet chili sauce and there are some assorted veggies in there, too. It's a good size for two people to split as an appetizer, or you could make a solo meal of it. The chipotle hummus is excellent (and pretty jazzy). There are daily specials, although the website is not always kept up to date with the info. Very good small pizzas. Friendly service, but the kitchen can be a little slow (it's worth the wait, however). Reasonable selection of wines, but not spectacular. One handy feature: if you plan to make a heavy night of it, there's a hotel across the parking lot, so no need to risk becoming a DUI statistic.
5	Very Surprised!We recently moved to the area from Scottsdale where we were used to amazing restaurants with nice atmosphere and top notch food. We see this wine bar every day when we drive by. Some friends recommend it so we decided to try it. We were pleasantly surprised with the nice cozy atmosphere and friendly staff. We ordered some happy hour wines which were very good and reasonably priced at $5 each. We also had the fish tacos and street tacos which were very good and had amazing flavors. Jason took good care of us and was very helpful with all our wine questions. The second time we went, same thing, and Jason remembered us! We noticed the second time they were hosting a NYE 5 course dinner for $65 per person so we booked a table for us and some friends as it seemed reasonable and nearby.We returned for NYE and the place was packed but we were seated on time. Even though it was very busy, the staff was spot on with everything. As usual we were tended to in a timely manner and even the busser "Jackie" would bring clean silverware if we left ours on one of the five course plates without us asking. I was a little hesitant to see such amazing food on the menu for the price, wondering if it would live up to it. OMG I had the crab stuffed mushrooms (flavorful, large, with amazing coleslaw presentation), tomato bisque soup (perfect spicy kick with roasted tomato flavors), walnut romaine salad (grilled stock with grilled onions and some sort of amazing drizzled dressing), Chilean sea bass (Ok, I only eat fresh Hong Kong steamed sea bass and knew this wouldn't be up to par, but it was really well prepared with spices and sauce which didn't overpower the fish and it was cooked perfectly) and apple crisp for dessert (perfect combo of baked granola and baked apples ala mode, and it wasn't too sweet or sugary which was PERFECT! So many chefs make dissert too sweet) with some yummy champagne. My other guests had nothing but good to say about their dinners as well (NY steak and lamb shank) and they gave the black eyed pea soup thumbs up!This is definitely our new fav that we will be dropping in to from now on. Give it a try if you like a posh but laid-back atmosphere with good food and good prices!
5	We love to come here on date night away from the kids. The flights are always interesting and I haven't disliked any of the food we have ever ordered. They are also really great about altering dishes for me since I have food allergies. The only thing I would wish would be a little more expansive dessert menu.
4	Super friendly waiter & Thursday night is ladies night, so $2 off glass of wine, etc. We got a few different types of bruschetta that we really good! The Brie/Apple was my favorite. I'd definitely go again.
1	We were ignored by the servers, received the wrong wine on a re-order and the food was disappointing. I will not come back.
4	We were a party of 8 taking our grandparents out for a special celebration. Even though we didn't make a reservation we were seated promptly. They have a great wine selection. Their food menu has a wide selection as well. We each ordered something different off the menu and everything was just scrumptious!! I had the seared Ahi tuna and my husband had the pork tenderloin. Both were phenomenal. Service was impeccable and friendly. It was a bit dark but over all it was a great lil find!
1	Music too loud to have a normal conversation. Food poor in quality. Bartender not interested in being a good host. Just pass this place by.
5	Went here to celebrate an event with a group of about 15 people.  I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised!  For some reason. I thought this place would have an atmosphere that was a bit on the hoity toity side (not sure that's a real word..lol). Anyway, I was wrong.  While the restaurant itself is very nice, but the atmosphere felt very casual..which I really like.  The service was excellent - especially given the large group I was with.  We asked to split bills and the waitress was so pleasant about everything. I ordered and appetizer, which was the sliders with fries.  My only slight complaint is that while the price was good, the "sliders" was a slider....it was more funny than anything but it was tasty.  I will definitely be going back...nice place for a girls night out or dinner with my husband!
4	I'm visiting from LA and used to nice wine bars...this one was pretty good. Nice ambiance, live soft music, great wine and cheese platter. Decent beet salad.
5	Great service, delicious food and a very nice outdoor patio to enjoy dinner. As the evening progressed live music was a great attraction. We had the Mac n Cheese (written up in Phoenix Magazine and well-deserved) and the Salmon over Butternut Squash Risotto. Delicious food all-around, served with a light white wine, recommended by the staff. We enjoyed a wonderful dinner and were happy to know that is was right around the corner from our new home in Chandler. We will definitely be back!
4	This is one of my favorite happy hour spots in Chandler- and trust me, I've tried a lot of places since moving here a year ago. They feature $5 small plates during happy hour and they are GOOD! They also have a great cheese plate. Prices are reasonable, portions are good, and service is excellent.  Happy hour lasts until 6:00pm and is Mon through Sat.
4	Great food, with a menu that seems to be a bit different each time we go in.  It is definitely not a quiet place, as all the finishes are hard; looks nice, but don't expect a quiet evening if the table in the corner is whooping it up.  Other than that, really enjoy this place, whether it be for a drink, or a full meal.
5	This was our second visit. Everything we've had here has been nothing short of amazing!  Tonight I had the salmon over a butternut squash that was rich and brimming with flavor.  My wife had the salmon cake salad that was light, delicious with a bit of kick.  The french fries are perhaps best I've ever had. And the wine selection is huge. had a bottle of Evolution, a blend from Oregon that was crisp, fruity and smooth.  Definitely recommend the wine flights ; last visit had a fantastic red flight.  Honestly best restaurant we've found in 7 years of living in Chandler.
1	We visited D'Vine Bistro for the first time last Friday night, the hostess was very sweet but our server was just plain rude. I told her we were going to switch to the patio (in hopes of ditching her and getting another server, plus it was freezing inside) but we had no such luck, apparently she was handling the patio as well... I ordered a white sangria - which wasn't on the menu but according to the server was an option. When it came it was undrinkable - very bitter. I apologetically told her that I couldn't drink it and would instead like to order a bottle of wine (which was great for D'Vine since they make a ton more money off of a bottle than one glass of sangria). When she brought the bottle, it was warm. I told her that the wine was warm, so she came back with a glass of ice... So we were stuck with a bottle of warm, white wine and some ice cubes. The food was ok - my fish tacos were good and the burger that my fiance ordered was mediocre. Nothing to write home about. The kicker came when she brought us our bill ($130 for two - which is fine) but under the sub total - in the section that said "name" she had named us "POOP" and then half scribbled it out so that we could still read it. When I asked her why she would name us "POOP"  her answer was that the owner doesn't like comping anything and since I sent back the bitter sangria he put "POOP" under our name... So, moral of the story - if you want to get terrible service, mediocre food, and warm wine, then get insulted on top of that, D'Vine Bistro and Wine Bar is the place to go. We will certainly never be back.
2	Decent food but rushed service. Even at  about $25pp, the wait staff was unwilling to talk long enough to explain menu options!
5	I love this place.  The patio is my favorite.  I recommend the appetizers.  They are all very amazing.  The hummus is my personal fave.  Get the Creme Brulee for dessert..  Wine tastings are fun here, too.
5	We had a guest from out of town and went for dinner.  What a delight.  We decided to share all dishes order on the table instead of each ordering an individual meal.  Great food and service.Started with Bruschetta: (Brie, artichoke, salmon), Tapas: Salmon, Calamari, Tomato and Chorizo and shared the black and blue salad.  PERFECT evening.Cant wait to go back!
4	I got to eat at this place for the first time for Valentines day.  A complete surprise and it was great!  First off, when you walked into the door they handed every female a rose.  Due to it being a "special event" they had a limited meal selection (that sounded super delicious) that you got to select one appetizer, one salad, a main course and a desert per person for one price (which was around $60 a person for special occasion).  I selected the sausage appetizer, greek salad, steak meal and cheese cake.  Literally EVERYTHING was delicious!  I would definitely recommend for the future.  The wine choices were grand as well.  They had so many selections, I was very happy. I was told by many people that the pricing for normally eating there is not as expensive but it was worth it to me.
4	I love love love this little wine bar.  It is tucked away in Chandler and it is more than just wine.  I went there for New Year's Eve and the menu was great.  Total side note...whoever compiled the music list for that night did a great job.  You never get to hear old school R&B and we were singing the whole night.  There were so many different things to try and taste on the menu.   The wine is top notch and they go out of their way to help you pick something you'd like if you are not sure.
2	Nice little place with great music and ambiance. Kitchen was already closed so we didn't have a chance to try out the food which may never happen now. Our server was just plain horrible. You could tell she didn't want to be there and was just going through the motions. Most of her time was spent sitting at the bar or conversating with some obvious regulars. When she did make an appearance she was rude and short. The place is really close to home and would've been a nice place to stop by after a long day but if I want rude obnoxious service I'll go to the dive bar down the street that charges half the price.
4	This is a great spot for a date or dinner with friends.  The menu features tapas, bruschetta and pizzas - all great for sharing.  They also offer a variety of wine flights in case you can't choose just one!I've only been to this location on the weekend, and they always have live music.
4	Our favorite neighborhood wine bar!  The bartenders are awesome!  Very comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.  Great wine selection by the glass and bottle and good tapas.  They have a nice patio to sit outside when the weather permits.  We also enjoy the free wine tastings on Wednesday nights.  Great way to learn more about wine and explore new options.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here. Nice bottle of Left Coast Pinot Gris, accompanying a super tasty and well prepared seared diver scallop special entree as well as my wife's good-as-usual southwestern salmon cake salad. Called about 25 minutes ahead of time to make a reservation and arrived to find a note on the front desk about our call and a hostess and table waiting for us in a crowded room. Table service was only decent. Our waiter had a forced pseudo-knowledgeableness about him and didn't show up at the table except to take the order, deliver the wine (which he forgot about and had to ask us a second time what we'd ordered), and bring the check (which we didn't request). Fifth star withheld due to spotty service.
5	We stayed at the Hotel next door and walked over to the D'Vine Bistro for a snack and beverage. What a great find! It was so much fun, the servers and guests were all so friendly, and the small plates were delicious. After tasting the food, we stayed for dinner. Really looking forward to our next trip to Chandler so we can eat there again!
5	Had a delicious dinner with my Mom and youngest brother last Friday.  And how much fun we had.  It was a little busy so we were offered a 20 minute wait or a table outside - it was about 5:30, HOT HOT HOT.  Well, the patio was shaded and had the misters on full blast.  We were seated and proceeded to down our glasses of water till we acclimated to the warmth.  Acclimated to the warmth, I said that..Needless to say, Erica, our waitress, was very nice and helpful in explaining some of the menu items.To start, we had the bruschetta - I thought two of the three we ordered were tasty and the third was the one to fight for.  The choices included the traditional, the caprese, and the prosciutto.For dinner, Mom ordered the fish & chips, which she loved and almost didn't share; Brother had the cheese pizza with pepperoni and sausage, he loved it; and I ordered the espresso BBQ boneless short rib, which I thought was very yummy.  I shared.Dessert, since we were celebrating my youngest brother's military promotion, was the  chocolate kahlua toffee mousse cake and the apple crumble pie.  Delish.If ever in the neighborhood again, I will definitely go back.  Everyone of the staff, from the hostess, to Erica, to the water lady, and finally, to the food bearer, all were fantastic and friendly.
5	Ok I'm flipping astonished I walked in and was seated right away at 7pm even if it is Thursday night.  My first thought after the "pig wings" was "wow this is some of the finest fare I've ever eaten after a walk across a hotel parking lot!"After the ancho spice rubbed grill pork tenderloin over roasted corn- goat cheese polenta with a habanero vinaigrette and green tomatillo aioli, I realized I was wrong.  I've literally dined around the globe and saying this is in the top 5 dining experiences is saying a lot.I am kinda struggling to name the other 4 at the moment. Bruno, Eric & Mike are great hosts.  Are they owners, managers?  Nope bartender, chef and waiter!  Jeez, I wish two things, that this place was nearby my home because I'd be a regular and that IF I ever own an eatery these guys were Stewarts of my business & reputation!Oh I met Robert the owner, he's no slouch either.  He's gathered a fine crew.  You need to experience this place.
5	Just wow! Try the pig wings or really anything. Saturday nights have 1 or 2 man bands playing quaint music. Before 6 for $2.50 beers. I love this freaking place!!!!
1	Pitifully under achieved bruschetta ( plz excuse the spelling) This was a culinary Hindenberg. Ordered one with squash and candied walnuts and one with squash and goat cheese perhaps. It was hard bread with cold canned toppings. The attached picture tells a tale . 9 dollars mis-spent.
4	Great wine bar for a happy hour or a date night. The appetizers, wine, and main dishes are high quality for reasonable prices.   I love the cheese platter and fish tacos especially!  I really like the number of small dishes they have too so you can snack on multiple items without feeling stuffed at the end. The waitstaff here has always been great too.
5	Food is always outstanding and the service top notch! We love Rueben and Mike - best bartenders! The chef always has creative and yummy food specials! We take friends here often - the happy hour is awesome!
