4	The guys over at Mr. Greek have a big challenge in front of them: Their location near 40th and Indian School has tasted a lot more failure than success: the excellent but ill-fated Maxie's World Grill, Coconut Joe's and a pair of barely-there Mexican joints. Unlike the Mexican incarnations, though, Mr. Greek actually has something tasty to serve. I scratched a pretty serious itch for a gyro platter there. I got a huge mound of gyro meat, an excellent side salad, some lemony roasted potatoes and a scoop of rice. Oh, and some pitas.  The bits of pita were pretty forgettable, but the rest of it was really everything I needed. Not a bit of dryness to the meat, and the side dishes had everything on-the-numbers.It's a very casual place, so don't expect anything fancy. I had a great time watching a Blackhawks game while inhaling the contents of my platter, which was a nice bit of ambiance for the Chicago native in me (but when the Hawks play the Coyotes, I'm rooting for the Coyotes, thanksverymuch). Mr. Greek isn't gonna change your life, but it's a nice addition to the neighborhood. Go there, and help these guys from becoming another notch on this cursed location's failure belt.PS - That's nto the real phone number. I just don't know it.
3	First of all, they have changed the name of this place -- it's now called Z's Greek.Well, I was jonesing for gyros, and found this review.  It's pretty close to my house, so I thought I'd try.It was pretty good.  I got the Gyro Platter.  The lure of the lemon potatoes was too good to pass on.  Well, the salad that came with the platter was great, the lemon potatoes weren't as lemony as I'd hoped.  The rice that also came with the platter was pretty dull.The flavor of the meat was very good, and you got a ton of it, but I found it to be rather greasy.  I got it to go, and when I got home, there was quite a sheen at the bottom of the styrofoam.  Not quite Exxon Valez, but enough that I wrinkled my nose at it.  This made the pita sort of damp-ish.  I was also rather surprised that the gyro didn't have any sort of veggies on it (I asked for it without onion) -- I would've expected tomatoes!  The tzaziki sauce that came on the side was very yummy though, and would've liked to have had more of it -- especially since there was so much meat.  The restaurant itself looked very clean -- pretty basic looking place -- not a place to go for ambience.  I don't know that I'll be rushing back, but it was ok.
3	Consider that a strong, flavorful and well seasoned 3 stars.  I would definitely return.  BTW, it's now Z's.I had the falafel combo which included a drink and fries or a Greek salad.  I opted for the salad.  My only complaint about the salad - more olives please!  Can the salad just be a bowl of kalamata?  No?  A single kalamata is never enough.The falafel itself was good.  Cooked just enough, not overdone on the outside, no overly soft innards.  Got to watch out for those even in veggie foods.  Once overly soft innards are discovered you just know there could be a dark underbelly lurking somewhere nearby.  What was I talking about?The service was very friendly and the place is squeeky clean...always a plus.The spell check wants me to change kalamata to calamity.  How about a nice bowl of pungent calamity to go with your falafel?
5	When it comes to gyros, there is no better place than Z's Greek.  Like another commenter said there have been many failures when it comes to the location of Z's Greek:  Maxie's Hamburgers, Nachos Taco Shop, Coconut Joe's (which I Really liked, especially the "Big Kahuna" burger) and some Chinese restaurant which was there for such a short time I forget the name of it now, but none the less I knew Z's had their work cut out for them.  Well here we are 6 months or more and Z's Greek is going strong.  The gyros are great and I absolutely love the pita and feta cheese dish.  My ultimate favorite that you just have to try is the feta burger, oh my god it is to die for.  Great service, friendly people, and a good hockey game if you are there at the right time.  Make sure you stop by Z's Greek if you are ever in the area of 40th St. and Indian School Rd.
4	My teachers always said "Don't judge a book by the cover." And Z's Greek completely proves their point! A co-worker suggested Z's Greek, and I obliged since I was feeling quite indecisive. As soon as we pulled into the parking lot, I immediately regretted that decision. I was brainstorming excuses left and right of the reasons why I "wasn't hungry" or was worried about how greek food would "settle." Then a lush, green, scrumptious looking salad came out of the kitchen. I ordered one. Pronto.It had tons of lettuce, a really tasty dressing, the perfect amount of cheese, and gyro meat... and I didn't want the lunch to end! The salad itself is to die for, the lettuce is always crisp, the tomatoes always juicy, and the pita points on the side just finish it off perfectly.Granted the wobbly booth wasn't the most comfortable seat, and the ambiance was sort-of nonexistent. But man, their food and friendly service will keep me coming back.
5	Great food, the portions are so generous I don't know how they stay in business, but I hope they're there a long long time!
3	You need Gyro? You go there now!
5	This place has the best grilled chicken, greek salad, and sauce. I haven't found a better greek restaurant in Phoenix. Give it a try and you'll see how good it is! I've been there 6 times and each time the food earned 5 stars. It's that good...
4	How did I only give Z's three stars the first time I was here?  This update is overdue as I have been here 2-3 times since my first review.They have been consistently delicious and fresh.  4 star all the way.  The atmosphere is ok, nothing special.  Free wifi is a bonus.  But the quality food makes up for it by far.Three stars?  What was going on?  I'm going to have to have a talk with myself and get back to you on that.  Three stars?  Seriously?
4	Was checking out the Yelp reviews while at the car wash on 40th ST and decided to stop by Z's to pick up some lunch.  The Greek Salad had loads of yummy feta with a tangy dressing.  The Chicken Souvlaki Pita I got had lots of meat and the Tzaziki dressing was awesome!  Brought me back to Sitges and the Chicken Souvlakis we picked up on the way to the beach.  I'll definitely be a Z's regular.  One more great place to eat in the hood.
4	Visited Z's on the advice of other Yelpers....and it was so worth it! What the place lacks in atmosphere it makes up for in deliciousness and value. The food is SO fresh and yummy, the prices are really low, the staff is friendly, and the location is great.Next time you are craving a Gyro do yourself a favor and stop here! (they have a drive thru)
5	best gyros in phoenix. for 8 bucks, you get a huge gyros sandwich filled with tasty tzatziki, onions and tomatos on the softest pita bread i've ever had, along with a huge side of crispy seasoned fries and a soft drink with free refils. my friend got the vegetarian falafel sandwich combo which they let her customize and get dolmadas and spanikopita as her sides. along with a delicious greek salad. the falafel wasn't dry and too crunchy, they were soft and perfectly crisp little morsels of greek deliciousness.take my word. i'm from chicago and grew up with a greek family. i know my gyros.
4	The gyro pita was a double-fister, open-wide kind of experience.I can't believe I drive by this place on my way to Pita Jungle and never stop in. This is how I think all gyro's should be made. Tons of meat, lettuce, tomatoes and onions.I loved the atmosphere, just lots of people coming in for the lunch hour, eating and having a good time. The staff was great too. Nice guys. The price is really good and I feel like I've had a huge meal too. I'm still full.
4	Oapa!  Yumminess Greek Style! Ya'sou Mr. Ted!  Your insistence on being authentic pays off!You might consider staying open later for all the "out-on-towners".But it is clear that there can be no substitute for fresh lamb, fresh veggies, and greek tzatziki!  Have you considered having Tahini available?People, I lived in Greece and think that this place really rocks the gyro!Not to mention that the service at the counter was with a smile even for the last order of the night!
5	This place is the bomb diggity. Really cheap and really good. This is the only place that I will go for Greek food. I always get the falafel sandwich with fries and my boyfriend gets the cheese steak. The falafel is perfectly cooked and the pita is nice and soft.  Service is great, the shop guys are always joking around and having fun. I agree with Mitch G. on staying open later!!
5	Being Greek I'm picky about these places especially when they are not owned by Greeks. This place impressed me. I now am there about once a week for lunch. Everything tastes fresh, the lettuce is crisp and the meats are yummy. This is the best little gyro joint I have found in Phoenix.
5	One of my favorite places.  Prices are cheap and the food is great.  I have traveled a lot and this place had the best gyro than anywhere!  I highly reccommend this place!
4	I was a virgin until today... that is a Z's Greek virgin!  So was Christina P!We decided to try it for the first time together... and I think we were both pleasantly surprised.  I'm actually rounding up from a 3.5 rating since I'm in a good mood... but if you're in the mood for Greek, I recommend trying this place; especially if you don't care much about atmosphere.  The place itself feels a bit like a fast food restaurant.  It's a fast casual concept where you order at the counter and they bring your food to you.  They also check-in to make sure everything is ok; extremely friendly staff.We shared a hummus appetizer and I had a large Greek Salad with chicken.  Christina went for a falafel pita.  Their pita is fresh and moist and I ate more than my share of it... the hummus is good too but maybe missing a little something.  My salad was perfectly dressed and came with lots of chicken.  The chicken wasn't the best I've had but I'm extremely picky when it comes to chicken; i ate most of it anyways.  The prices are extremely reasonable.The reason I am rounding up my rating?  WiFi and drive through... yes, they have a working drive through and I can guarantee I will be taking advantage of that sometime soon!I will be back; nice to have another solid Greek restaurant in my 'hood!
4	I tried Z's last month while on a hiatus from cooking.  It was great, except when you're eating out 7 nights a week, it better be cheap.  Z's fit the bill.I was a little hesitant when we arrived and no one was there, but having read Jim W's updated review, we went in anyway.  Nothing special inside except the food.  It was surprisingly good!  I was especially pleased they serve the fat, cushy pita bread, rather than the thin, tough bread that doubles as cardboard.  The hummus was quite tasty, even if it was lacking the garlic and green olives when served FEZ style.  The chicken souvlaki pita was full of better than average chicken and fresh veggies.  No wilted lettuce, green tomatoes, and brown onions here.I loved they have a drive-thru, but I recommend going inside if it's slow.  The poor girl at the counter looked bored out of her mind and genuinely thrilled to have a customer.  Hopefully, that's not the norm because I'm a fan of Z's!
5	I live within biking distance to Z's Greek and nothing is more rewarding than their chicken pita (I add feta cheese and cesar dressing). Wasn't sure how good their food would be considering that lot has changed names more than a Shaq, but after eating there once I've been going there at least 3-4 x's a month. Z's is a straight up Booyah
4	A welcome change from the boring assembly line of "kronos" style gyros.  Everything here has a fuller flavor than more other Greek restaurants.  A particular hats off to their pita. Four stars and a big Opa! to these guys.
4	Warm, soft pita's... Perfect tatziki... Fresh tomatoes and cucumbers... This place has great food!
5	My husband and I come from a place where, literally, we ate out at Greek restaurants 4 nights a week. It would have been every night if I'd had my choice, but my husband requires variety when it comes to food. So we had our four favorite Greek spots that knew us by name, and the other 3 nights he got to choose where we dined and I had Greek for lunch instead of dinner. In March, we relocated to AZ and our food choices haven't been the same since. We've tried almost every Greek restaurant imaginable around us with nothing but disappointment when it comes to the food. So far, Pita Jungle is a big favorite of mine, and we do get take out once a week from different Pita Jungle locations, but it's still different and nothing has been even remotely comparable to the Greek food back home. A coworker stopped by Z's Greek the other day for lunch. I'd never heard of it but, still on my quest for good Greek food, asked if he'd just pick me up a chicken pita. He came back with a chicken pita of pure perfection! It was on a super fresh pita, the chicken was seasoned perfectly, the veggies were fresh and the tzaziki sauce was delicious! Much to my delight, it also came with a small Greek salad (also perfect--fresh veggies, a large helping of feta and probably the best Greek dressing I've ever tasted!), and a drink all for around $8! I loved it so much I decided to pick it up on my way home for dinner that same day! I will say my coworker should have warned me a bit on the location, it was nothing as I expected. The inside was a bit run down, the restaurant only had 2 tables of customers but many of the empty tables needed to be cleaned. The employees were very nice and the memory of that fabulous lunch made me go ahead and stick around to order dinner. I ordered 2 large Greek salads with chicken for my husband and me. They came with sides of pita bread and tzaziki sauce. My husband was just as impressed as I was with the place and the salads were too big for either of us to finish!  We'll definitely be frequenting this place. I feel like I should be giving them 4 stars due to the dirty tables (I'm a bit of a germ freak), but the food is too good to subtract any points. I'll assume they had just had a HUGE rush and I came in before they had time to straighten the dining area back up. Plus, there's a drive through. I can skip the dining room in the future!
4	Great gyros and salads.
4	This place is a diamond in the ruff... seriously.   It's not much to look at from the outside, and it's easy to miss from the street, but take a chance and park the car, you wont be sorry.  The food here is awesome! The gyro meal is a good deal and my "go to" here, a GIANT gyro, fries or side salad, and a drink.  The gyro meat is amazing and every time I order one it's better than the last.  The seasoned fries are great so if your splurging don't miss those (note: they taste unbelievable dipped in hummus!! Trust me!).  You can drive through or come in but no need to dress up if you dine in, this place is casual to the max (which I love for stuffing my face with a gyro, you could go there in sweats :)!!!).  Not your average greek spot, this place is a gem!
4	My piping hot gyro arrived before I even finished yelping my check-in.  It was loaded with well-seasoned meat and lots of veggies.  It was huge.  I couldn't finish it.  The salad was crisp romaine with cucumbers, tomatoes, and just enough red onion to lend flavor.  There was a generous amount of feta; lots of flavor for little fat.  Only one kalamata olive, though.  The place has an unassuming diner atmosphere, and a drive through window.  The staff were efficient and friendly.  They lost a star for the single olive and Coke products ("No Coke.  Pepsi!)"
4	Greek food just the way it should be served, with plenty of feta and tzatziki sauce. The gyros are great and the Greek Salad with chicken is amazing! Everything, including the pita bread, tastes super fresh. I've only been here for lunch, since it's close to my work, so I haven't tried the desserts yet, but they always look tempting and I've heard from others that they are as good as they look.
5	So it is new restaurant Wednesday for us and this is about as good as it gets!  More food then two can eat and the lightest falafel I have ever had!  The rice is light and yummy and well....you have to try it!  Just as someone else said, this place is a diamond in the rough.  Excellent value.
5	HUGE portions!  EXCELLENT food!  GREAT staff!
4	The gyro is good, the fries are ok but borderline salty, and I like that they give you the tzaziki on the side.  The only bad thing is the price - 5.95 for the gyro, 7.95 for the combo.  I'll go back, but I'll always look for a cheaper alternative.
5	This place looks deceiving, but the food is delectable!!  There are SO many options that you can't go wrong with.  Falafel, dolmas, spanikopita, shwarmah, gyros, greek salads, lentil soup... the list goes on!  We tried it once on a whim and were so amazed, we've been back many times!  It has yet to let us down, and the prices are fabulous for what you receive!  I recommend this to ANY Greek food fan!
4	Great Greek food!  We had a part of 9 and tried almost everything on the menu and it was all fantastic!I highly recommend the spanakopida the lamb and the gyro salad.The crazy fries were really good too...feta on fries, who knew!The staff was great and very friendly.  Make a point to check it out!
4	Super friendly staff, and a great gyro.  I'd like to go back and try a few more items,  I went in late night, and was the only person there, but they chatted me up and made me feel at home.
3	An indescript little place decked in traditional blue and white. I had the falafel pita combo with the Greek salad. Not much about it stood out, just kind of average. I suppose if you get the fries like my companions you'll walk out stuffed because they are very generous with the seasoned spuds. When I asked for some traditional Greek hot sauce (olives, oil, red pepper) I was given the choice of Sriracha or Tabasco, neither sounding like they'd be very tasty on falafel and hummus.  If you're in the neighborhood and want some quick greek food to suck down, this is about right.  If you are wanting something better than "Meh", look elsewhere.
5	Five stars. It's one of those places I can go to for carry out when I don't feel like cooking.  Reliable, consistent and desk/order taker is SO cheerful, it makes me want to be chearful right back.I had driven past here 100 times and never gave it a though until reading Joel L.'s post.  Read his review -- it is right on.The platters serve enough for two people -- or for me, dinner and leftover lunch the next day.  Also while the drive through is awesome, get out to pick up your food if only to smell the aroma right before entering.
5	Z's is one of those places you drive by all of the time, and think you should try it sometime, but never do. I highly encourage you to stop in the next time! We ended up at Z's by chance when our family was heading to the airport (9 unique individuals) because they were open! Everyone found something they truly enjoyed, and continue to rave about. The service was fast, friendly, and very helpful for all of our family. I recommend the Greek Salad with Gyro meat, and Z's Greek fries - which I hope you want left overs or have someone to share with because all of their portions are large (and very reasonably priced).
4	I just moved very close to this tiny little Greek place and now I can't get enough.  I've recommended it to all my friends and now they love it.  It doesn't look like much from the outside -- has a drive thru window and is a very basic looking building, but their food is amazing.  They have a pretty limited menu but everything is great -- they have two different soups, one has chicken and rice and the other is a vegetable one.  The falafel pita combo is usually what I get -- their pitas first of all are fresh and delicious, their greek salad is great with crunchy peppers, fresh feta and a great dressing -- the falafel is crunchy and tastes great, but I always ask for a side of tzaziki which I put on the pita and it really tops it off well.  I've also had their gyro plate which came with way too much food for me, but all delicious -- a lemony side of potatoes, greek salad, pita and gyro meat.
5	Best Gyro, and best tzatziki sauce!  Also wonderful Greek salad!  Hands down best Greek food in phoenix!
3	This place was okay.  I had a gyro combo the other day as I was rushing down Indian School to my next job and needed something somewhat quick.  Z's is billed as Chicago style, but I'm not aware of any Chicago gyro place that uses lettuce-I certainly could be wrong.Though my lunch was fine I'd likely not return especially given Chicago Gyros, which I personally prefer, is right up the street.
4	yay a greek restaurant with a drive thru!!! i like this place, though i don't eat here often because the food is so rich. if there was no drive thru, however, i'd probably give it 3 to 3.5 stars.the hummus is passable. i usually take it home and add a bit more lemon juice. grape leaves are served warm (though a bit too mushy for my taste, but their flavor is good), with delicious pita and some of of the best tziki i've  ever had.falafel pita is delicious, but the side salad that i ordered with it was drenched way past my liking with dressing and feta cheese.i ordered baklava and it was perfect as far as my standards for baklava go. i don't know if they make it at z's or not, but i would like to think that they do.
5	Just moved to the Arcadia area and I'm originally from Chicago.  It is so amazing to have Chicago food right around the corner. Everything is delicious and the prices could not be better!
3	I came here and had the gyro platter.  It was very filling and the lemon potatoes were pretty good.  The gyro meat was as expected and tasted okay.  The yogurt is always a nice refreshing way to eat the dish.  I think it was added to the salad as well.
5	This place has the best greek food I've tried this far in Phoenix.  I'm originally from a city that has a fabulous greek town so I know my greek!  The owner is from Greece.  If you're looking for something fancy, then you should go elsewhere, it's more of a fast food type restaurant.  But you will not be dissappointed in the food!  Delicious large servings, decent prices, great service. They even have a drive through, but better to call ahead to place your order as it could take a while to prepare (well worth the wait).
5	This is a great place. I've always had good food and the owners are awesome (and cute). Prices decent. The gyro meat is really moist , salads good, fries good.... They have burgers and cheesesteaks too but I have not gotten to that yet. The place is not fancy and looks like a diner but it's actually very comfortable and relaxing. Just all around great atmosphere and nice crowd. Outdoor seating too.
4	Gyro was great, service friendly and quick. The decor is sparse, basic, and nothing I would go to for an occasion but for good food this is recommended.
4	Best. Gyro. Ever. Yes, they have plenty of other items on the menu, but for me, their Gyro is the gold standard by which all others are measured. A typical visit to Z's with my FFY* consists of reviewing the menu, considering new things and then deciding to get what we always order. If it isn't broken, don't fix it!  My personal favorites are: Gyro - Z's is generously filled to nearly bursting with juicy and flavorful Grecian Delight. No Kronos here, like so many others serve. I like mine without the tomato and onion, so I can enjoy the cool lettuce and perfect amount of tatziki, embraced by a soft, warm, pillowy pita. I have yet to finish one, but have certainly enjoyed trying! Falafel appetizer - crisp on the outside and tender inside, these falafel are complimented by a side of hummus and warm pita. If you are really in the mood for a decadent and potentially heart-stopping treat, try the Z's Crazy Fries. These fries, topped with cheddar and Feta cheese, are fantastic when dipped in tatziki! While this family-run restaurant is not going to blow you away with its beauty or ambiance, you will keep coming back for the food and the friendly staff. Now if I can only convince them to move a bit closer to where I live... * FFY - Favorite Former Yelper
4	I adore this place...they use fresh ingredients and I am always so pleased and happy when I go here...I always get the gyro with feta, the greek salad and the hummus with the pita bread!  Their ingredients are always fresh!  Their pitas are fabulous always warm and soft and DELICIOUS!!!  The hummus is pretty good it can a little oily at times but I still really like it!  The gyro is awesome!  The lamb is always so tender and never hard (some places its so hard, its nasty).  The Tzaziki (spelling??) is great!  I like how it doesnt seem like sour cream or mayonnaise!  It is fresh and is perfect with the fresh lettuce and tomato...and of course the feta cheese!  If you are looking to go to a really nice greek restaurant this is not the place to go...it is set up like a fast food restaurant and their is a drive thru...I think it is great if you are in the mood for some good Greek food that is quick and easy!  The prices are good and the people there are very sweet!  TRY IT!!
5	Hands down the best Greek food in the Valley.  Service is impeccible.  Very clean establishment.  Anytime I'm in the area I have to stop by.  I've even got my friends hooked on it.  Highly Recommend.
5	Ever hear your mom tell you not to judge a book by its cover? Man I'm glad I took that advice! This place looks divey on the outside, almost to the point of being a turn off. But I went anyway, and found that it is the epitome of a diamond in the rough. The best gyro I've had in years! Tender, flavorful meat STUFFED in a pita with fresh veggies. The kicker however was their loaded cheese fries with cheddar and feta. I made my wife a believer in feta by giving her a bite of these fries. They are the real deal! Do not let the exterior fool you! The best in greek fast food IN THE VALLEY!
5	Z Greek is consistently delicious.  Zervice is as good as you will ever find ordering from a counter.  Portions are huge.  They skimp on nothing.  Gyro's are just wonderful.  You can't go wrong with any menu item at Z's.
4	Good!I always get the falafel platter, or plate, or whatever.  It comes with falafel, fluffy rice, and lemon baked potatoes.  It also comes with a greek salad, a tub of tahini, and some pita slices.What I don't like: the greek salad comes utterly covered in sauce and feta.  As in, the entire top of the salad is white.  I realize this is a mega-bonus for some, but I avoid dairy, so I normally just give the salad away or sub it for fries, which are very good.  Everything else in the salad is fresh and crisp.  I also really don't like the tahini...or, I think it's tahini.  It is super sharp and heavy tasting, not really what I'm used to in the tahini-department, and is really thick.  Spackle-thick.The potatoes are amazing.  So very good.  I asked if they use butter in them and got an answer of "probably not."  Not quite the answer I'm looking for, but I agree - probably not.  The pitas are fresh and delicious.  The falafel is always pretty good.  You're gonna wait.  Especially if they're busy.  Prepare to sit in the drive through for 15 minutes.  I always see the same two young guys working the counter, and they are always very friendly and gracious.
5	Probably my new fav Greek spot(just wish it was closer to my side of town, but SO worth the drive).Where to even start.... i guess by saying that everything was f*%$ing delicious! i mean everything.. the hummus, Greek fries, gyro club sandwich, the chicken, rice, potatoes...just fantastic!i will be back again very, very soon. A lot o food so be prepared to take home boxes. Also they guys that work here are very nice...so if you have questions about any the food they will be more than happy to explain them to you and not get annoyed while doing it :)why are you still reading this.. just go eat here already! you won't regret it. Cross my heart and hope to die.
5	Brought my parents here for lunch last time they were in town.  Dad loved his gyro. Mom and I both got large salads, hers chicken and mine gyro meat.  SO much delicious food for not a lot of money.  Between my Mom and I's leftovers I had a full dinner to eat later.  Hooray for pleasing the parents!!
4	Yum. Love the tzatziki and Z's crazy fries! Even though you order at the counter, the customer service doesn't stop there. When you want a delicious gyro, Z's is the place to go.
4	I have eaten here half a dozen times and I still can't decide if I like the chix pita better her or at pita jungle. I had dinner last night and ordered the chix pita. It didn't seem like the chix portion was as hefty as Pita Jungle's.  That would b my only complaint. The service is quick and friendly and they have a drive thru! I wouldn't recc you order from there and wait but you can pick your food up from the drive thru not leaving the car. Check this place out. They have great french fries, salads and pita sandwiches. A combo meal: drink, side and sand is 7.95
5	The food and service are great!First, the food is so good and inexpensive.  The fries are amazing, the salad is good, and the gyros are incredible.  Even the desserts are good.The service is the best though. Everyone working there is incredibly friendly.  In fact, on one recent trip through the drive through, they forgot to put tzaziki sauce in the bag.  When we called them, they offered to drive over 2 sides of the sauce to our house.  I was so impressed!They also have a really nice patio.
4	I would give Z's a 4.5 if I could. This place was great, the portions were huge and the staff was very nice. I am new to the city and was hoping to find a great Greek place and glad I finally found one. Happy eating!
5	After great reviews on Yelp, my husband and I decided to try out Z's and were pleasantly surprised! We both always get the Greek salad with grilled chicken...its delish! Greens are cold and crisp, vegis fresh, lots of feta on top and comes with Pita bread.We eat here 3 times a week...it's that good!  They even have a drive thru if you're in a hurry.
5	I stopped in the other day and was really impressed.  Terrific gyro and Greek salad for $7.95 for lunch.  Huge portions, great taste.  These places are on every corner in Chicago or New York but not so common here.It's a sort of fast food ambiance but the food is right on.   Highly recommended.
4	Z's Greek is a solid 4 to 5 stars every time I visit this little place just around the corner of 40th and Indian School.  Don't let the exterior of this place deter you from stopping by.  Z's Greek looks sort of "a dive" from the curb and they desperately in need to repave their parking lot which is littered with pot holes. BUT, and I mean a big BUT, the inside is very clean and welcoming.  They have a fairly large menu of Greek selections to choose from.  I tend to order the same thing ~ Gyro with a side Greek salad in lieu of fries and drink for $7.95.  On this visit I added a side of hummus and pita chips.  This Gyro was packed full with meat, tomatoes, red onions and thee perfect amount of tzatziki sauce.  (see pic)  The pita was tender and warm which made this Gyro full of flavor.  The Greek salad comes with a mound of feta cheese on top of a great balance of lettuce, veggies and dressing.  I would highly recommend their salad over fries any day when ordering a combo.  The hummus was very tasty ~ smooth and fresh.You can order anything to your liking if you don't see something on their menu you are familiar with.  The Z's Greek Crazy Fries and Souvlaki's are also very good. Z's Greek is a great place for lunch or dinner when you're craving Grecian cuisine.  Just look out for the pot holes when you park : -)  You won't be disappointed and glad you tried Z's Greek!!
5	The food here is so tasty I can't stand it! I have probably been here for lunch more than a dozen times so far and will keep going back.  Their tzatziki is to die for - I could just eat that with pita any day.  They are always so friendly behind the counter and you get your lunch fast no matter how busy it is!  GO THERE!
5	I have been eying this place for quite some time now considering one of my best friends has checked in here 28 times, and one of my other friends just discovered it and was ranting about it. So last night I had to give it a whirl. Don't be thrown off by the building itself. Yes, it looks like a dive that would serve crumby food, but alas inside great things are being done! I had the classic gyro. Delicious!! Perfectly seasoned meat, a fantastic pita and fresh vegetables. What's not to love? You have the option of having either a salad or fries with your meal. I went with the french fries. These fries are DECEPTIVELY good!! They look like your typical frozen fries, which they are but somehow they are great and are seasoned with season salt, always a plus. Man am I salivating right now just thinking about it. I would like to add that this place is value for its buck. The portions are huge and appropriately priced. I will be back for sure and sooner than later!!
4	I blab back & forth with Yelp friends every day, & never has any restaurant gotten as many personal recommendations to me as this one!  Every couple of days, someone will say, "Have you ever tried Z's Greek?"  Well, I don't usually have business over in this part of town, but my curiosity finally got the best of me & I whipped in here today for lunch.This is a simple, comfortable place.  It holds about 40 people, plus more seating on a covered patio out front.   There were 2 TVs (always a minus to me), but they were turned down & pleasant Greek music played at reasonable volume.  I ordered a Lamb Souvlaki Combo, & I chose a Greek Salad for my side, & serve-yourself Lemonade.  The service was friendly, & the salad was fully medium size, made with lettuce, tomato, bell pepper squares, Greek dressing, LOTS of crumbled cheese on top, & finished off with a Greek olive.  Nice!  My Souvlaki could have used a bit more lamb, but it was delicious & this was a very nice lunch!     :-))Lamb Souvlaki Combo $7.95 including beverage.
5	A really great Greek restaurant. There is good variety with the food and everything is so flavorful. The service is really good, they are good about giving you good portions without charging you for each and every sauce you ask for, like some places.I recommend the gyro, or the chicken shawarma. When I am not so hungry I just order a bunch of pita (which comes fresh and warm) with tzatziki. Their tzatziki is the best around, many places in the valley don't do as good a job. I also really enjoy the salads, with all the feta and such. So delicious.
5	This place is easy to underestimate by appearance, which is why I lived down the street for a year before I ever checked it out! But, since then, I'm hooked! I like to get a pita combo, it comes with a salad and drink for about $7 and the pita is fantastic.  Beware - the salad container is STUFFED - they certianly don't jip on serving size here. :) If you have driven by a million times and never noticed it.. check it out! You won't be disappointed.
4	Nice place to go for casual Greek.   The people couldn't have been more friendly and the menu easy to read.  With all the restaurants in the area and in the city, personable employees can make the difference as to whether I'll go back to a place.  I can't say I was thrilled with the spanakopita platter, the main dish being a little to "fried" for my taste.  The rest was great,  good flavor and texture, can't complain, so after once I can comfortably say I'm a fan...  I am going to go back and try the gyro or something else.  That dish looked tempting as I saw it being served to others.  i'd suggest trying this restaurant.
3	There comes a time where every Yelper just have to set the record straight and get a lot of criticism for doing so... Now is that time for me and Z's Greek.Z's is a cool spot that looks a little gritty on the outside, but is warm and friendly on the inside. The staff is super friendly and I like that a lot! Overall, the restaurant has a great vibe about it.Now for the part you don't want to hear... I do not come to Z's for their gyros... Not at all. Calling their gyros the best in the valley urks me. It's just not true. ***************************************************Gyro Review:In all honesty, it's just okay... The meat is decent and the tzatziki is good, but it doesn't make me crave Z's at all. Their gyro is served a bit differently than the traditional style in that is has a helping of lettuce added to the top of it. It's great for filler, but not so much for flavor. The best way I can describe it is that it's like eating a gyro salad on a pita. Another main component of Z's gyro that doesn't do much for it is their bread. The texture is just off for me. I wouldn't send anyone here telling them that they HAVE to try a Z's gyro.***************************************************If you don't hate me yet and you're still reading, great! This is just my honest opinion, and plenty of others are thrilled when it comes to Z's gyro...just not me.In contrast to their gyro, I will say that their falafels are quite good! I was pretty surprised. Their tahini is also pretty awesome (which is served with the falafels). And lastly, you SHOULD go to Z's if you love feta! They are the most generous with it! I love feta, and that's what's been keeping me a customer! A chicken pita with a side salad (more like feta salad topped with lettuce) can really hit the spot!Go to Z's to check it out, but don't go there with as high of an expectation for their gyro as I did.
5	Great first impression!! I called to place a to-go order and although they literally were closing in ten min, the gentleman on the phone was super cool & acted as though it was hours earlier. There was absolutely no hint in his voice of annoyance at the last minute order, as so many restaurant workers would have displayed. I cannot express how accommodating he was on the phone, it was such a relief after having just gotten home from the airport. Exceptional food, had the chicken pita, tzatsiki, and their signature crazy fries (with feta!). Can't wait to return.
5	It's just ridiculous I have not bumped Z's up to 5 stars yet.  Never have I had a complaint.The pita is perfectly cushy, yet toasty.  Veggies are crisp and fresh.  Chicken (I always get chicken) is wonderfully flavored and devoid of all nastiness that can come from a chicken.There.  5th star.  Well-deserved.
5	Not a huge menu but every single thing is delish, not a very nice place inside to sit down so I usually drive thru, which takes no more then a few minutes to get your food. My favorites: large Greek salad which has tons of feta cheese and a delish creamy Greek dressing - seriously best feta I've ever had, their falafel pita which is delish and a little crunchy, and the taziki appetizer - has a hint of dill, so good and their pitas are so fresh and delish.  Oh and feeling lazy? There's a drive-thru and it is surpisingly fast.
4	Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls, Yelpers of all ages. Finally a Greek restaurant that actually serves the real flavors of Greece.I am going to have to thank Yelp for this little find because had it not been for the reviews I might have not had the courage to try Z's. This restaurant is a little run down and disheveled but be sure not to Judge this book by it's cover. I ordered the Greek Salad with Chicken.Warning: This is not the Americanized Greek Salad that most of us have sadly been consuming. The flavors of the dressing topped with the perfect seasoned and cooked chicken will most definitely keep you coming back. If that's not enough it garnished with the freshest, most delicious greek pita that I have tried in a very long time! Be back soon!
5	A delightful experience!  Visiting from out of town attending a convention in downtown Phoenix, we checked Yelp for Greek restaurants.  Although Zs Greek was a bit of drive from downtown, the reviews of this restaurant made me want to check it out!  We were not dissapointed!Greeted by the son of the owner, a nice mid 20's young man, took our order, brought it to our table..Oh from the first bite I knew our lunch-dinner was going to be a hit!  The review for this place do it justice.  A BIG WINNER in my book. Easy FIVE STARS.  Thank you Yelp, and thank you to the dad and sons that run this place.  If you are looking for great Greek food, and do not need a fancy restaurant, this is your place.  I just wish they had some wine to wash down a tasty meal!  Keep up the good job.From Seal Beach So CA, Steve
5	Z's has by far the best chicken pita I have ever had.  They are very generous with their serving sizes.  Along with their great food. The staff is super friendly.  My time at Z's always leaves a smile on my face and a happy tummy.
5	I've eaten here more often than I really should.. but Z's Greek is just too delicious to say no to. The employees are always nice. I usually get the lamb souvlaki or gyros pita combo. To die for. With fries, of course, and they have the best fries that I've ever tasted. Baklava is good. I love love love that this place has a drive thru because I am lazy and prefer taking my food to Squaw Peak to eat over there. But the inside looks nice too, they have TVs. They have outdoor seating too and allow pets there.
5	Wow, I have been meaning to come here for a while now.  I followed Joel L. recommendation and had the chicken souvlaki with salad, we also had falafels, hummus, tzaziki, gyro and the twins had chicken tenders.  Everything was delicious and enormous, we had so many leftovers to take home with us.  The flavor of the chicken was perfect.  I tasted a portion without any condiments or extras, just to check the flavor of the chicken and it was delicious, perfectly marinated and cooked.  Unfortunately this place is about 25 miles from my house.  I wish they were closer, I love greek  and middle eastern food.
5	place rules. guys inside are the best.
5	Z's has lots of good food for a great price. They are also very attentive to the customer.  This place is my go-to when I am craving greek food. The gyro platter can easily be split with two people. The lamb and chicken souvlaki are freshly grilled and tasty too.
5	Gotta love, Yelp. I recently had a very strong Gyro craving and turned to the help of Yelp and the only thing I'm sad about is that I didn't try Z's Greek sooner. I'm. In. Love. Amazing Gyros, insanely sinful Greek Salads, Greek Fries... drive through or sit-in, you're getting the real deal at Z's. It's a family run business and the service is just as good as the food. You'll be sad when your Gyro is gone. Promise.
4	I had heard about this place from quite a few people so I thought I'd finally give it a shot.  My only regret is taking so long before I went there.  The food is great tasting and very authentic tasting.  The service is fast and friendly.  Everything was fresh made and the gyros are yummy!
3	Okay don't hate me but I didn't think it was all that great. *ducks* lol. With all the great reviews, I expected something amazing. I got the gyro platter, which came with sliced gyros, pita bread, rice, lemon potatoes and a side greek salad. It was a lot of food but I wanted variety so I went ahead with it. I was not impressed. The gyro tasted a bit gamey to me. The rice was sort of bland and the potatoes were too lemon-y with no other flavor or spice. The greek salad and tzatziki sauce was pretty good, though. I'll give them that. I think the sauce saved the meal for me. Maybe I ordered wrong, or it was an off day or something but  from what I had, I'll have to say I like the gyro at my local chicago style pizza joint better.
4	The gyros are AMAZING!!! And the seasoned fries are delicious!
4	OMG- I still have garlic breath from this place, but without a doubt it was totally worth it!  The Hubs and I stopped into Z's after having a lovely morning at the botanical gardens.  He has been a couple times, since he used to work in the area and was super happy to take me here for the first time.  My first impressions were good, the place is open and spacious and we were greeted with a smile, which is always a plus.  The young lady taking our order answered all our questions and went above and beyond to make sure our food was made correctly.The food, as you can see from the many reviews, is great.  Obviously fresh, and obviously made with love and attention.  We both had the chicken pita combo.  I had the salad, which was loaded with lots of feta and fresh veggies.  It did take awhile to get our food, which I know is out of the norm (according to my Husband).  Since we were in no hurry, we didn't really mind.  I loved the sauce sauce and the pita itself.  Everything was fabulous... I only wish this place was closer to my house... perhaps they should open another one new desert ridge... just a suggestion.All I can say is YUM and GO.
5	Eat here regularly, I get the Gyro and my wife the Lamb Slovaki and the fries are fabulous.
5	GREAT greek food with very nice people and great service.
5	Well I finally tried this place and I am kicking myself for not trying it sooner, being that I live across the street. I ordered the Gyros and Crazy Fries and it was just great.Portions were more than enough and quite filling and every thing was fresh.I am amazed of do called 'experts' on food who slam this place, they just do not know no better on what a good authentic gyro is.Forget the critics and go try this place, way worth it if your in the area.
4	I eat here at least once a month. The staff is really friendly and their food is always good.
5	Wonderful food, fast service, and it is consistently that way.The chicken souvlaki is moist and flavorful. The hummus is always smooth and just garlicky enough. The spanakopita is always fresh tasting with crispy fillo.
5	What a great Greek food place!  My girlfriend and I ordered falafel and a side salad plus got a drink for about $8 each.  Honestly this place is SO good... When you walk in you might think it wouldn't be that good but it made me feel even better.  The falafel was great, was moist and had a great flavor to it.  The pita it was warped in had to be made by this place.  It was fluffy and had a great crisp to it.  All of the fixing that went into it were extremely fresh and I truly enjoyed it.  Then came the salad which I decided over the fries. I have never had a salad with so much feta I had to pull some off.  Good thing I like feta on my falafel as well so I didn't waste it!I will definitely come back to this place to try something else for a cheap meal! Way worth it.
3	This place is decent and fast. The gyro meat and veggies were awesome. However I really dislike the fact that they cake the feta and dressing on top of your salad! I mean the feta is not even good quality just plain. The pita bread on the gyro reminded me of a chalupa bread shell from taco bell ugh... Like I said not a bad place just don't expect to be wowed! My journey of finding the best gyro in phx is being continued...
5	One of the best in Phoenix for gyros. Very friendly and fast. Don't be deceived by the outside. The inside is very clean.
5	Quick and easy service.  Well priced.  Delicious fresh chicken gyro and Greek salad.  Great choice for easy summer take out.  I will be a regular
4	Yum! The food here is always good and it's a decent price. The owner is really nice and always makes sure that your experience is wonderful. I always get something with Gyro meat and it's usually great. During lunch rush, sometimes the Gryo meat is not cooked at long. It's still good, just hasn't had the chance to capture as much flavor because they go through so much meat. Yea, the decor inside isn't my style, but I've certainly seen way worse in other Greek restaurants. Overall, one of my favorite places to go for Greek food.
4	Their drive thru is the only way I have ever experienced Z.  I have enjoyed just about everything I have had here thus far.  Every time I go it is essential I get a side salad (with all that wonderful feta), hummus, tsatziki, and falafel.  The fries are not my favorite side there.  Their gyros are good not great and I still have several items to try on the menu.  The pita leaves much to be desired, almost like it is warmed in a microwave, as soon as it cools it 's tough and dry. Sad as the pita makes the meal, typically, at Mediterranean restaurant. But it also won't keep me from going back...
5	This place  is the real deal. I tried a local Greek chain. My big fat and Z's smokes them all. Try it and see what good fresh Greek is all about.
5	OMG, the BEST gyro and salad I have ever tasted! I drove from Scottsdale to downtown Phx and my daughter said it was "the best" and it is!
5	Fabulous Greek food at a fast food restaurant WITH A DRIVE THROUGH???  You betcha!I ordered the lamb souvlaki platter with a Greek salad which was covered in feta so thick you couldn't see the lettuce or tomato!  The dressing was rich and creamy.  They served thick pitas (not the flimsy store bought kind)  with thick and creamy yogurt sauce.  The lamb was tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned!  The sum total of it was A-MAZ-ING!  My brother also ordered the souvlaki, though he substituted fries for the salad and he was thrilled with his meal also!I was only in town for four days, so I didn't have a chance to go back, but even now I'm having fantasies about a return visit!  I think I may need to schedule another road trip to Phoenix to try some of their other offerings.  This city has the best food!!!
5	The best Greek food you'll ever find!! Amazing service, quality, and definitely worth the drive no matter where your coming from!!! The service is fast and the owner is super friendly! Everything is always fresh- no matter what you get!!! So good.. Just thinking about Z's makes me drooooooool!!!!
4	On recommendation of others; I decided to try Z's Greek.  Passed by several times; but never thought to venture in.  I'm sure glad I did; had the Gyro plate; the food was delicious; and the food very plentiful.  My roommate had the Lamb Souvlaki Platter and it was really great! The side salad was awesome with a lot of feta cheese; and a wonderful salad dressing.  Will definitely be back!
4	This is my go to place when I want a cheap quick meal without having to get fast food. They have healthy options and use fresh flavorful ingredients. Their portion sizes are generous and the staff is always nice and friendly. My favorite is the greek salad w/gryo meat, the dressing is awesome! I'm also a fan of the platters and spanakopita.
5	Such a gem!  Doesn't look like much from the outside but DONT let it fool you!  Who cares what the place looks like when the food is THAT GOOD!  First Greek place I actually LOVED since moving to the area...and they have a drive-thru!
5	Ok I went back a second day in a row and it was just as wonderful as the day before....consistent, great tasting old school greek food- way to go, don't skip this place!!
4	Pro: Great food, well priced, good hustle and good attitude.  Drive in is a bonus.Con:  low grade ambianceNot in my weekly rotation but a very reliable "go to" when the gyro and fries mood strikes.   My kids dig it as well and they're tough judges.   The drive in is surprisingly speedy. Very friendly and the tzatziki is bueno.
4	Based off of these great reviews i decided to give Z's Greek Restaurant a try. From my experience I give this restaurant an overall four stars derived by their Greek styled atmosphere, great food selection, and customer satisfaction! Z's is a family friendly zone which is good for all ages from kids to adults. There is barely any waiting line plus, the food is dished out quick. Best of all, there is a drive through window which allows easier pickup especially on the go. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who has never experienced Greek food and is willing to taste a different styled recipe from their original comfort zone. Everything is prepared tenderly, juicy, and well seasoned! Give Z's Greek a try!
4	Amazing food!  Have the gyro with a Greek salad and you will love the taste and freshness of each.  The decor is horrible inside the tables looked like they need to be replaced just kinda beat up. If not I would have given 5 stars.
2	I judge a soul food place by its fried chicken, a donut shop by its old fashioned, an ice cream place by its vanilla, and a Greek place by it's gyros.  The gyros here are bland and wholly unspectacular - and sourced from the same frozen food purveyor (Sysco?) as every other gyro stop in Phoenix.  The cloyingly thick pita didn't help either.I don't know why it is so challenging to find a legitimate rotating spit gyro in this town - but it is.  Especially near downtown Phoenix.Recommendations welcome.
4	Quick, cheap, delicious. I usually go with the chicken souvlaki pita combo, salad dressing and feta are great, and I'm usually not a feta fan.
4	We went here yesterday as J and I were both in the mood for Greek.  We each got the Gyro Combo.  Mine with the Greek Salad.  J's with the seasoned fries.  The gyro meat was not over-seasoned, which was a good thing.  And tzatziki sauce was not overly cucumbery.  My salad though was over dressed and had WAY too much feta cheese on it.  But all in all - the food was good.  I think we'll be back.
5	I ordered a gyro and is was very tasty. The pita was soft and warm, the meat seasoned well and was tender. The season fries were perfectly seasoned and were thicker than I expected. I also ordered a small greek salad. I got the dressing on the side since I don't like too much dressing and others mentioned they put a lot of dressing on it- the salad was great with a good amount of feta cheese (didn't really even need dressing because all the yummy feta).  The tzatziki sauce had thin strips of cucumber in it and was made with Greek yogurt (not mayo). The staff was very friendly.  I would go back again for sure!
3	I've visited this place twice and twice, I've gone with the Gyro platter.Pita bread - warm, super soft, a bit on the small side.  Given the portion of meat they give, I don't know how the few pieces of pita are enough.  The meat - a beef/lamb combo, is seasoned well, a bit salty and greasy - not unexpected.  The main concern with the gyros are a lack of produce on the side.  The platter does offer a greek salad (which had lettuce in it along with the cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, and feta, which was a bit different, but I would have liked to have some undressed produce to go along with the gyros and yoghurt.The platters are also served with a side of rice - soft and flavorful, but nothing too spectacular.  There is also a huge side of roasted lemon potatoes.  And this isn't some minor lemon flavor... it's strong.I also ordered the falafel on the side.  Crispy, and served with tzatziki.  They're delicious, just a bit small.  However, they're inexpensive enough to just order a few extras.  (Order 4 falafel and save a penny!)Staff is friendly.  There's a drive through available and plenty of seating inside, although the decor is a bit old and furniture is run-down.  Not worth an out of the way trip, but the volume of food is generous and the prices are reasonable.
4	A few weeks back we went to the zoo and left right around lunch time... I once again trusted Yelpers good judgement to help me chose where to go.Both me and the hubby ordered Gyros combo with seasoned fries and they were really good. Reasonable amounts of meat, enough tzatziki, fast service... friendly staff...This may as well become our mandatory lunch stop every time we go to the zoo : )
5	Amazing Gyros and always friendly!
5	One of the best I've been to in the Valley!! Called in my order for the office, was ready in the time stated, everything was made to the order requested! PERFECT! Food was amazing! They have a simple menu with all the great items of Greek food! It was so good I went twice back to back!  had the Gyro Thursday and the Chicken Souvlaki Friday! delicious!!ADDED note -- You may want to request for them to poke holes in the boxes for the fries, they get soggy pretty quick... no biggy, just saying.
5	Greek salad is awesome here
5	AWESOME FOOD!! The servings are generous and the owner is very welcoming.
4	Best Greek food in town. They could work on the atmosphere, so we get it to-go.
4	Pretty yummy fast Greek food, with a drive thru!The pita tastes fresh, but is a bit small.The salads are yummy!The gyros are pretty good.The fries were a bit overcooked.Try the Greek salad with chicken, YUM!
4	First visit much better than georges in scottsdale great gyros and service they also have a drive through
5	I don't know how I've never stopped into this place, as I have spent years around the Arcadia neighborhood. I guess it's a good thing, because greatness is often overlooked when one is not prepared to see, or find greatness. This place is GREAT. I've spent the better part of 5 years looking for a gyro that takes me back to Santorini, and the other beautiful places in Greece. I ordered a gyro, and when eating Greek, always get a little bit of falafel. The gyro was exquisite. When I got to Z's, I was still reading reviews from other Yelpers on this place, and fully intended to continue reading. i couldn't put the gyro down. The sauce in the gyro was perfection. It was stuffed full of meat. The lettuce was crisp and fresh, and the onions looked like they had just been cut. And that sauce. It would find its place in my heart faster than any ranch dressing ever could. The falafel was dynamic. Tons of robust, distinguishable flavors overtook my mouth. Not all at the same time, but on their own time throughout the bite. Toasty nutlike flavor, with the smoothness of the chickpea, and then the bang of the coriander, finishing with the subtle notes of the other herbs, and more toasted fried flavors. Unreal. The service is incredible. My gyro was on the table at the same time as I sat down after filling my beverage cup. They are friendly, gracious, and love making great food. The restaurant is also impeccably clean.I will be be back regularly, and frequently.
5	Love this place!! Always excellent food. I really need to try more than the Gyro, it's just so good! The crazy fries are excellent too, it's just so hard not to order them!
4	I believe that the dirtier, greasier, and more homemade the food is, the better. And Z's Greek is all those things!With food like this, how can the city of Greece be going out of business? The seasoned fries are like if Willy Wonka opened a Seasoned Fry Factory fulfilling sensational features and sliding forcefully and steadfastly fat filling fries.
5	Love this place! The food is amazing. They do not skimp on anything here. Feta, gyro meat, fries you name it the food is absolutely fabulous. Treat yourself and enjoy!
2	Tried this restaurant for the first time. It was not worth the money. Gyro meat did not taste authentic.  Very basic Gyro, but nothing impressive. I would not recommend.
5	I moved in about a month ago and have been here at least 10 times already.  Skip the Gyro and get the lamb soulvaki.   The lamb is marinated and grilled to perfection.  So tender.  If you get the platter its a huge plate of food for the price.  Pitas are the best ive had.  The salad is really good and they are not shy with the feta! As a Chi town native I love this place.
5	This place is awesome. Seriously the best gyro's and hummus EVER. Not to mention their greek salads which are always fresh, cold and loaded with goodness. The prices are right and the service is great. We love this place!
4	Pretty good fast food greek food.
4	Driven by this place a bunch of times and got there just after the lunch rush near 2pm. Strange menu for a Greek place that included cheesesteaks and hot dogs. I stuck with the pita selection and chose the chicken breast. Pretty standard stuff, chicken breast, tomatoes, lettuce on a good wrap style pita. Got the combo which included a greek salad that was loaded with feta and tasty dressing and drink. The tzitiki sauce here is also really good. Only $7.95 or 2 bucks less without salad. Healthy option and drive through also available.
4	Goodness gracious me! I was thoroughly impressed by this place! While the atmosphere is definitely lacking, the food more than makes up for it. I was so very pleased with the rice and potatoes that came with the platters. The falafel was scrumptious! The spanakopita was a bit odd - it seemed to be deep-fried rather than the typical baked version that I'm used to. Still very good, though. I will be stopping by here again!
5	What can I say I LOVE this place! The food is soooo good from their Greek salad to their chicken pittas and mediterranian rice! I have to say they are pretty busy so if you're in a rush call in so they can have your order ready to go once you arrive. I feel like their food is authentic and fresh!!
4	Got a falafel pita combo with greek salad and soda for less than $10.  They gave me the wrong order, which I noticed once I got to the car. Returned, swapped bags and left. They redid the other order since I peeked in to make sure it was mine.  Nice to see because I could imagine some places just giving the other customer that bag I looked into. Very happy with the food. I'm a huge fan of tzatziki sauce and this place was just right. I should learn to make my own batch to store in the fridge and put on everything I eat.  Yes, the salad has  a ton of feta, but I think it's better to have a lot and scrape some off than to have too little and wanting more.  Atmosphere isn't anything special - more of a quick-bite and/or carryout place imo. I'll be back to try their meat dishes.
5	Feast of Awesomeness! I always get the fries & gyro well done. Ask for a side of Red Potatoes in a word BANGING!! Ohh and the staff is wicked cool!!! p.s. They also have a Tough Mudder finisher working here.
5	Fantastic yummy food and polite ppl!:)
4	I think I found my new gyro place. Every bite was delicous. Really enjoyed the lemon potatoes and surprisingly the rice. The pita was fresh and toasted to perfection couldn't get enough of the hummus.
5	Dee-Lish-us. That is all!
5	I recently started a new Job and my biggest problem so far is that I don't get to z Greek often enough now. I learned of this restaurant because I saw the owner shopping for his produce nearly every day. Loving food I eventualy stopped to see where it was. I always support family ran businesses so I went the next day.  This started me down the road to best addiction ever! I try real hard to not eat beef but I can't resist their giros. The lemon roasted potatoes are hands down the best i've ever had. The rice pilof they serve isn't just filler. The rice is perfect and could be a stand alone meal. Lamb skewers are exceptional and the portions are over the top. Dine in and grab a table. This place is family ran and the girl runnning the counter juggles all tables at once and doesn't miss a beat. Her personality would keep me going back if the food was sub par but nothing could be further from truth. I did learn that the lamb is best eaten there but even later it taste great. To give you an idea of this places quality I had a standing order to just double my order and bring it to a coworker and she would pay cost plus $5. The salad they serve with all meals would be plenty for lunch but my willpower loses out every time. Find this place. Excellent value and a great family.
5	This place was awesome.  I was up near Scottsdale and wanted to take some friends to Greek so I checked Yelp the reviews did not disappoint.  I got the Gyro platter.  It was a ton of food.  The meat was great and the pitas were fresh.  Plenty of tzatziki.  One of the best Greek salads I've ever had with plenty of cheese and it was very flavorful.  The rice and potatoes were really good too and I usually don't get to excited about those at a greek place.  I also sampled the falafel (good), baklava (great), and the spanikopita (amazing).  I sort of wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could go there more often.
5	We have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years and just discovered this place.  It's GREAT!  Now my wife's been there 3 times in the last 2 weeks!  Restaurant is clean, service is good, portions are large and prices are reasonable.  The food is fresh and tasty - and I'm not a big fan of Greek food, but the flavors are fantastic.  Never had feta that light and mild. Can't wait to try more items on the menu!
4	My brother took me here the other day for lunch for my first time.  It was great!  Their gyro combo which includes a drink and fries is so reasonably priced at $7.95 +tax.  Free refills on the drink and the fries are seasoned well and extra crunchy.  I love it.  The meat in the gyro is thick and plentiful.  I asked for extra tzatziki sauce - which I don't think they charged extra for.  This is certainly a hole in the wall with excellent food inside.  I'll definitely frequent this place more often for lunch.
5	This is a great place for Greek food. Generous portions and seasoned well. Try the crazy fries, you can never had too much feta.
5	Found this place a couple months ago and now go almost every week, sometimes twice a week. The service is amazing. You never have to wait long to order, it's done quickly and they bring it to your table. The gyros are possibly the best I have ever had. I've had gyros in many different restaurants and different states but I cannot think of any better then the ones at z's Greek. It's an amazing place.
4	Massive portions of the Greek version of comfort food. It doesn't get much better than Z's for the price and convenience. Great staff, quick service, diner feel. I have had probably 80% of the menu and can't say any of them has been subpar. I'm here 2x a week for lunch, and my go-to meal is a falafel appetizer and a Greek salad with chicken.
4	A great taste of Chicago-style Greek right here in Phoenix! Love the Gyros platter with the rice and greek lemon potatoes. In addition to the gyros the cheesecake is to die for!
3	When  I saw the overly decorated facade and the giant sign that read "Z Greeks Chicago Style", I literally said "oooohh boy" out loud as we parked and approached the building.As we perused the menu, I turned around to notice a large group of ladies sitting at a table with one heaping plate of food. They notice me staring and say "this is the Gyro platter". So my friend and I look at each other and agree to share one gyro platter between the two of us. At $12, it seemed pretty reasonable.The plate came with rice, greek salad, baked small potatoes, a stack of pita bread all topped with a giant mound of gyro meat and two small containers of tzatziki. As we started engulfing down, we noticed how much food it was, even for 2 people. The mound of meat alone was a lot, but the carbo load (potatoes, rice, bread) definitely helped. The sauce was thicker than I'm used to, but it all had a good flavor. As we worked through our lunch (and didn't even finish it), we noticed that the group of ladies next to us had all gotten a platter- one each. Damn yo go ladies!The cashier (and i'm assuming, owner) later stopped by ours and every table asking if our meal was good. I thought that was an excellent touch, even at a fast food joint. Classy points all around!
3	So I've driven by this place a thousand times and I've always wanted to try it. Yelp had so many reviews for Z's Greek and the ratings were high. The best way to sum up my experience was that the food was ok. I got the gyro combo with a side salad. The salad was drenched in a creamy white dressing, not your typical oil and vinegar type dressing that you would find on a Greek salad. However, the feta was great and a good amount. The gyro was average, kind of bland, but piled with lots of meat. So the summary of this place would be that the food was kind of bland, but nice sized portions. Ammos on 67th and Happy Valley in Glendale has amazing Gyros among other great tasting mediterranean food!
2	Hmm.. Don't know how they have the reviews they do..Food was gross! I got a gyro plain and simple... I assumed it would be awesome since its a greek place..I don't eat the pita itself I eat the insides, there was a few pieces of gyro meat not big pieces with a ton of lettuce.. The sauce was really thick not impressed at all.They get two stars cause the drive thru was fast.
4	When the owner send you a message saying he wants to make it better for you next time that is wonderful that he stays that connected with his customers.Service is huge and for that he is brought his last review back up! Thank you for that!
4	Perfect Greek quick food place.   Staff is very friendly and portions are quite large for the money.  My only detractor is that the gyro meat needs a bit more flavor, but then again, maybe I just need to add tzatziki sauce.  They also offer various Greek desserts which is not typical for most Greek quick food
4	I must say we were a little skeptical arriving. There was one car in the parking lot. We debated about going to the busy Italian place down the street but based on all the reviews I said let's try it.  I did notice that while we were there a consistent amount of traffic was flowing. A lot of drive thru orders!  I am a huge fan of Agnanti's in Astoria, NY so I am a bit biased when it comes to my Greek intake.  The food comes fast and boy do they love styrofoam. We probably ordered too much so the bill was almost $40. I know we ordered too much because we took home enough food for two days!We started with some tzaziki. It was tasty. Not too powerful could've used some garlic or something not quite sure.  I had to try the avgolemono. I can only compare it to Papaspriros in Oak Park, IL which is no longer. I wasn't a fan and will not get it again.  My husband had a Greek salad with grilled chicken. He said he liked it. And I had a village salad and moussaka.  I wish the pieces in the salad were bigger and the tomatoes were riper and not so cold. The olive oil dressing was tasty.  The moussaka wasn't bad. Once again I think it needed something but I probably would get it again just to figure it out.  It came with its own salad and rice which half ended up on the table. Like I said we had a lot of left overs and my husband would like to return. I would've given it three starts but the extra star is for my hubby.  We'll be back.
5	Great spot!!! Not fancy just really good food and terrific service. Greek gyro salad is fantastic but so is everything else.Don't let the outside of the place deter you, it's worth your time to come in!
4	Yeah, this is definitely a go to place for us. The gyros always have a generous amount of meat and fresh tomato. Like a lot of joints around here the decor is blah but the food outstanding! Large salad with gyro/chicken is enough to feed two adults. They're not stingy with the tziki sauce either. I appreciate that they cut the corners off the to go boxes so your fries (awesome too) don't get steam soggy. The service is fast as lightning and always friendly and a smiling staff. Everyone behind the counter looks alike so I'm thinking this is a big family owned and operated. I love this place. Also a dead on hangover cure.
5	There is nothing better than good Greek food except lots of good Greek food. While visiting Phoenix this week, my wife and I decided to go to Z's Greek. After pulling into the parking lot with only 2 cars in the lot, we were skeptical of the drive-in looking restaurant having 4 1/2 stars. Boy, we were very pleasantly surprised. We ordered the lamb souvlaki and chicken souvlaki platters and were amazed at the amount of food on the plate. The lamb was cooked medium rare instead of being overdone and the chicken was grilled and seasoned perfectly. Both platters had a huge heaping of Greek salad with a lot of feta cheese not just a sprinkling.The pilaf was spiced and again not too dry; there were 4 small local potatoes which were a nice change from the one large one over soaked in oil. The hummus and tsaziki  were also excellent. I couldn't finish all my salad but we took home the desserts- strawberry cheesecake and tiramisu (baklava also) which were only $2.95 each.The platters were very reasonably priced at $9.95 and $10.95. I noticed other customer's orders being very large. There were quite a few pickup orders also served while we were in the restaurant? We are Canadians from Vancouver who have eaten a lot of Greek food in restaurants, food trucks and Greek festivals and we would rate this meal as one of the best  in terms of quality, quantity and value we have experienced. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and we will return on our next trip. Did I mentioned there also is a drive up window service available.
4	Drive-through Greek, quick, cheap, open for lunch, and close to where I work? I'm there! For $8 I get stuffed with a chicken gyro with Greek salad (both with great dressings), and an iced tea. Did I mention drive-through?
5	Pretty good. For the price you get a lot of food. Fast and nice service. I'd come back.
4	5 reasons for 4 stars.  1. The food is great 2. Large portions 3. Drive thru so it's fast but NOT fast food tasting 4. Friendly staffMinus 1 star bc it is a little higher priced compared to similar restuarants ie: pita jungle and I wish they would stay open just a tad bit later.
5	My girlfriend and I were driving around town looking for something to eat and Z's Greek was the place we chose and I was so happy that we did. They have the best gyros and some of the best tzatziki we have both ever tasted. The pita bread is warm and soft and the gyro meat has great flavor. My girlfriend really loves their fries and we have also had the feta cheese and olives appetizer which was a big portion for a good price. Z's is definitely our go-to place to get some delicious Greek food.
2	Was really craving gyro. Meh. Tasteless. They didnt even heat it up/grilled it. It tasted boiled. like bolgna but from a can. Tsaziki bland. Falafel tasted like cardboard. A+ for friendly and fast service but F for food.
5	I love this pace SO much! The food and service are outstanding! They even have wifi if you need it!
2	I'm giving up.  While the food is very good, they NEVER get the to-go orders correct!  We live close by and have always picked up our food to go.  Every single time (and that is not an exaggeration) something was wrong with the order and we either had to run back to the store or settle on what they gave us.  It's just too frustrating to continue eating here...
4	Z's is always a hit for lunch - the gyro style cheese steak has remained the go-to for a long time for me, but there are other healthy options as well.  Fries are always tasty, but if you opt for a salad, its loaded with great ingredients and feta cheese!  the interior could use an update, but the food is the reason to dine here, not the ambiance.
5	Walked in and awesomely clean tables and floors! A big plus in a place that is tucked away. Great food flavor and quick service. Going to the top of our Greek gyro fix place.
5	Amazing food and great friendly customer service. Family owned and operated from chicago. High quality home style eats. I love this place! Hummus, house salad with village dressing and falafel pita are my faves!
4	Superbly fresh food, served by a friend staff. Restaurant is very clean & bright, with covered  seating outside. Had the Greek salad with gyro meat & fries. Nice portion size for the price. A REALLY full meal for $11. I'm a fan.
4	A great dive restaurant with a fabulous chicken Greek salad Gyros and Hummus. Large portions my wife and I can share a salad and it fills us both up. I like to eat there they have a nice little patio but it is kinda noisy with traffic form Indian School but when the weather is nice I love being outside. If you need to dine and dash the drive through is nice. This is a family run place and it shows, the staff is always nice and the food consistent. Good go to place.
4	Great place! I stop in probably once a week for the soulvaki chicken pita and falafels. A very legit place and far better than any other place in the Phoenix area.
5	My husband and I love this place!  Their salads are great and are large in size. You can dine inside or drive through if you are in a hurry. The staff is always friendly.  We eat here at least once or twice a week and we don't get bored.
5	Delicious food, large portions. Its family owned and tastes like a happy Greek grandma made my food! The marinated chicken platter is my favorite- great spices and flavor. Clean bathrooms too! Love this place. Opa!
4	Pros: I usually order the gyros sandwich with a Greek salad as my side. Half the neat goes on the salad for lunch the next day. Even with half the meat missing, sandwich still a very filling meal. Family owned. Huge portions, private parking lot with enough parking, and they take credit cards. Cons: Not exactly like the Greek food I'm used to back home, but close.
5	Wow.  Am I lucky!  I had a yen for spanokopita (spinach pie) and Yelpers led me to try Z's Greek.  I bit of a trip for us but we travel for good food (or what we think might be good food).  The place and the parking lot was not crowded for a Saturday evening (which I use as an indicator) but we took a chance.  AND we're glad we did!   BTW, there is no wait service.  You order and pay and then they bring out the food to your table.  The people at the counter were quick and delightful.  Had the Spanokopita platter which came with rice, red lemony potatoes, pita bread and a Greek salad.  I asked them to double up on the potatoes since I am not a fan of rice (don't report me to my latino ancestors).  Upon arrival, the platter was huge.  The greek salad with full of feta cheese with fresh lettuce tomatoes, green peppers and AN olive.  DELISH, DELISH, DELISH.  The pita bread was NOT the bag pita.  This was real, thick  greek pita bread.  The red potatoes were amazing--Not overcooked and lemony.  The Spanokopita (they gave me two pieces) was very good but to me it lacked salt.  I think more feta cheese in it would have made it perfect.  I TOTALLY enjoyed my meal and had left overs to take home.  Hubby had the Lamb Souvlakli platter which came with two skewers of grilled lamb with green peppers in between the chunks of meat.  He had the rice with the red potatoes, pita bread and greek salad.  WOW, WHAT A platter for under $11 considering the high price of lamb in the supermarket.  Nicely done too!  Hubby loved everything on his plate and his empty plate was evidence of that.  Desserts were $2.95.  Do YOU think we were leaving without dessert?  No way, Jose!  Ordered chocolate cake and tiramisu cake.  Both were really, really, really, really good---but I have to say that the chocolate cake was better than the tiramisu.  The chocolate cake was made of DARK, DARK, DARK, chocolate with chocolate shavings (dark) on the icing.  OMG... just thinking about it makes me want to drive back and get another one.   Hmmmmmm,  why didn't I bring an extra one home????????   I guess I can't think straight on a full stomach.  BTW, Z's Greek has many other things on the menu such as burgers and hot dogs-- so if you are eating out with your kids and want to have Greek food,  you can still have your Greek fix and give the kiddies what they like.  One more thing----the lack of cars in the parking lot was evidence of the fact that they do a brisk take out business. So my concern of not seeing cars was unfounded.I for one am going back again and again for my Greek fix.  I saw people ordering chicken souvlaki platter and it looked amazingly good.  Is is bad manners to check out other people's food when you have your own?  This is something Jerry Seinfeld might ponder about.  Not me.  I want to look and see what you are eating so I could eat it next time.  Enjoy Z's Greek.  I most certainly did!!!!!
5	I came here with co-workers and was instantly hooked. I usually get the falafel pita (I add hummus; no tomatoes) with fries. You can get it as a combo, which comes with a drink, for less than $9. The falafel is always perfectly crisp & tasty. Their pita bread is always so very fresh; always. Like, seriously; they never have an off day. Their hummus is a yummy traditional flavor with a light olive oil.  That heavenly pita bread, spread with hummus, encompassing 3-4 crunchy falafel balls, with cool lettuce and fresh cut onions = triumphant flavor explosion in my mouth. I close my eyes and go, "ommmmm" with each bite. And the french fries? OMG. Made to order, so they're fresh, hot, & crispy every time, and coated with a delicious seasoning. Simply irresistible. No diet is safe!  If you go with friends, split a side order of fries. You'll get a huge heap for only $2.My meat-eating friend is in love with their Caesar salad w/ grilled chicken. She says the chicken is amazing & seasoned to perfection. There are a decent number of tables inside, some Mediterranean decor, and TVs. They have self-serve fountain drinks as well as bottled water. There are Sriracha bottles scattered about for your spicy-dosing pleasure. They also have an outside covered patio with several tables. I love the patio during non-summer months. We come during the lunch rush and the service is always pretty fast. When we're rushing or just being lazy, their convenient drive-thru saves the day.  The parking lot can get very busy though, and sometimes there's a tight squeeze between the parked cars & the drive-thru, so be cautious with your vehicle. Z's Greek is an awesome lunch or dinner spot for veg*ns & omnivores. Consistently amazing food. Best falafel in the Valley, hands down.
4	I'm glad that Z's Greek has beaten the curse of this particular location.  I've been in the neighborhood for about 10 years and I can't tell you how many restaurants opened and closed before them.  To be clear, this is because they offer something no one else does in this part of the Valley: drive-thru Greek!  Now the inside is nice enough--clean and there's even a flat-screen TV.  But when you don't want to get out the car--maybe after a big night out the day before; hypothetically, you understand--and big name fast food or the ubiquitous mom and pop Mexican places (one on every corner) won't cut it, Z's is the place to go!Bear with me as I list my favorite items.  Ahem.  They make a good Chicago-style hotdog.  If I'm eating a hotdog, it's here.  I don't eat them otherwise.  Good stuff.  The fries are great; make 'em crazy with cheddar and feta cheese.  Need some veggies?  Skip the fries and get a good-sized Greek salad as your side instead.  Now for the good stuff.  The lamb kabobs are superb!  (There were a few times they were a bit too blackened, but that hasn't happened in a while.)  The spanakopita (spinach and feta pastry) is so tasty.  But my absolute favorite is the moussaka (sort of like shepherd's pie, but way better).  I know the American fare seems like a safer bet, but do yourself a favor and give it a try.  Seriously, where else can you get something that taste's like mom's home cooking from a drive thru?  Also, the baklava is pretty good.To be fair, the burgers and gyros could use some work.  The burgers used to be amazing--best burgers in town, but something changed.  I'm not sure what.  I think the grill may be too hot because more often than not the patties are charred.  And I've never particularly cared for Z's gyros.  The shaved meat is really bland and I don't like how they dress it.  Some readers may remember Elie's Deli (may it rest in peace) down on Thomas.  Elie's was the holy grail for gyros.  Flavorful meat, dressed simply with big cuts of raw white onion and tomato wedges and a nice simple tzatziki.  Z's gyros would benefit from leaving out the the mounds of iceberg lettuce for sure.  Otherwise, maybe brown the chipped gyro meat?To summarize, Z's Greek offers a unique drive-thru (or eat-in) option.  Whether you want really good fries or something a little more Greek, Z's is establishing itself as a neighborhood institution.  Here's to many years of continued success.
1	Blech....  this place says they are from chi town???  i have never eaten such a bland gyro in my life.  the meat wasn't seasoned at all and there was romaine lettuce all over it?????  there are numerous gyro joints in the phx area and i will stick with the ones that know what they are doing, absolutely disgusting.  tasted like a wart hogs asshole... with no seasoning...
4	I am a complete sucker for this place, especially after I am kicking the weights around. It's one of my go to spots after a work out. For the price, they are so generous with the lamb. I usually get the greek salad with a side of gyro meat or the gyro dinner plate. Their pita bread is always fresh and yummy. Service is fast and friendly. Consistently good food always. I've never ate inside because drive thru is impressive enough for me to be a return customer!
4	Great place! One of the few places we get take out from. Large gyro salad is excellent and a great value. Tasty and always enough for the inevitable second dinner or lunch the next day. I would suggest only getting it for home however, dine in experience is not the nicest ambiance.
5	One of my favorites. I used to live in the neighborhood and even after moving, I will still travel back to get a gyro, spanikopita, or a feta burger.  Love this place!
5	Finally made it back here after almost 3 years, this time joined by Mike C. and Jackie R.  It's still a simple, clean, blue and white cafe and the prices haven't gone up!     :-)This time I went with a Gyro Combo with a Greek Salad for my side and serve-yourself Lemonaide.  The Gyro was big and totally delicious with plenty of meat and lots of tasty sections of tomato along with the other ingredients; and the Salad?  It was big too, for a side salad, and just super good with all its Feta Cheese and other goodies.  The counter service was friendly too!With everything just right, it was an easy 5 Stars for Z's Greek this time, and it was all only $7.95.     :-))
5	I just adore Z's Greek.  They have quality food I have never been disappointed by the quality standards here. I did see and read Morgan's review and because of her honest post displaying the owners care for this business I fell in love with this place even more.When the owner is visible and tries to work out customer complaints that is stellar in my book. I eat here and every time I do... I try getting away with one Gyro but after a couple of bites I just get sucked into BUYING ANOTHER. I can't seem to shake two Gyro's each and every time. That fresh bread and great meat and the extra Tzatziki is heaven in a pita.I bite and feel like I'm flying into the heavenly place of food creation. Now this Tzatziki sauce at this place is the best ever. I have tried others and they should be ashamed of even calling it Tzatziki. Z's Tzatziki is perfect to me and I appreciate the thickness of it. I don't desire runny sauce with no flavor like the other places. Z's Greek your sauce rocks. I'm pretty sure Los Angeles felt that shake. LOL... Now I write to the owner... I don't know you but I love how you do business.  You are stellar to me because I have never been disappointed eating there. Your place is my treasure and treat. I love how clean your restaurant is and I love how the guys on the grill are eager to please and they always try to recognize your customers if they aren't to busy to do so.PLEASE... Stay visible and keep checking the heart beat and pulse of this treasure.  And buy doing so your securing your brand, your name (as a person and as a business), and your reputation. You are one of the top few in my book who even care.THANK YOU for always doing your best to do business right and to show your appreciation for your customers and their opinions. And THANK YOU for always keeping me in a position to be happy I spent my money and for sending me away always thanking God for your food and your concern.BRAVO AND STELLAR JOB Z's GREEK!BRAVO!Nia
5	I have been coming here for years. Even now living 1500+ miles away...This is a tasty stop while in Arizona.  I really love the flavorful gyro platter.  I will say, the bathroom this visit was so gross. Seemed more like an out house at the fair. I really hope the kitchen is kept cleaner. :/
3	One great perk about Z-Greek, it is on the way home from the gym and it has a drive through option.  I have had higher quality and better tasting Greek food before, so its hard to justify giving anything higher than 3 stars.  I don't eat beef so I have never had the Gyro, but the chicken is decent.  The one thing I am disappointed is that the skimp  out of the meat.  I feel like I am not getting true value for my buck when I order the chicken platter.  The sauces they provide are good but need a little bit more garlic and zest.  Overall considering the time of the day I get food here (late at night near closing), I would still return because of the drive thru option that is convenient when it is blistering hot or raining like crazy during a monsoon.
5	Amazingly good food at a FANTASTIC price. Very friendly staff. You must try the Gyro Platter. Everything looks delicious. I can't wait to go back
4	I love good greek food and this works for me!
5	Great food and great prices. Drive thru option is awesome, orders are always correct. Best tzaziki in town, besides mine.
5	Expected a good restaurant but this is awesome,  massive portions,  delicious foodThis place is a gem!
5	Fantastic!! I've driven by this place a few times planning to stop by one day and I finally did! Great food, had the chicken souvlaki pita and salad, it was amazing. The pita was delicious and the salad was perfect size with lots of topping and fresh cold lettuce. Staff was awesome, the girl running the front counter was really friendly and incredibly efficient. Kudos to the staff, I'll be back!
5	We eat here, counting lunches, at least a half dozen times a month.  I've never been disappointed!  They serve fresh and delicious food and I am always perfectly satisfied when I leave.Last Friday, on Halloween, I had a gyros platter, complete with rice, roast potatoes, a side salad and grilled pita.  The gyros was hot, with crispy edges, piled high.  The rice was golden, well-flavored and not sticky/gloppy.  The potatoes were small red potatoes, perfectly roasted.  The cut side was carmelized and the taste of lemon was perfect -not overwhelming.  The salad was wonderfully fresh and crunchy, and their dressing was tart, salty and went well with the generous amount of crumbled feta cheese on top.  The tzatziki on the side is excellent, as usual.Darling wife had a chicken pita with fries. Both were terrific.  They salt the fries with a seasoned salt and they are always hot.  (Let's not even start on the Crazy Fries.  That's a whole 'nother level of AMAZING).GREAT FOOD.  GO.  ENJOY.
5	Quick, personal, Greek. A great little local business.
5	Amazing food and amazing service!!! Highly recommend anything on this menu- best Greek!!
5	Even though it looks questionable and is just down the street from Pita Jungle, Z's Greek is hands down the best Greek food in the neighborhood. The pita alone is way better than down the street. Everything is fresh and the owners are very nice. I have not eaten there, but call ahead and pick up in the drive through weekly. You should definitely give it a try!
5	Absolutely one the best gyros I ever had. It was moist and tender though meat was a bit bland until you put on the creamy tzatziki sauce. The pita was fresh and delicious as well. I got mines in a combo with seasoned fries. The fries were crisped to perfection and well season with some Greek crack as I will call it. Would recommend to anyone craving a gyro or good inexpensive Mediterranean food.
5	Pretty much as good as it gets for Greek food in the Valley.I used to work at the Pita Jungle down the street from Z's. As some of you may know, Pita Jungle serves an array of "Mediterranean" food that I (and many others) pity. So, on my lunch breaks, rather than getting my employee discount at Pita Jungle, I'd drive a few block to Z's. First off, I love that they have drive-through. It makes things much more convenient for me. Secondly, their food is amazing. I always order their falafel platter, which comes with a small Greek salad, lemon-potatoes, rice, Greek Pitas, and five perfectly fluffy and delicious falafel balls all for $10.99 or something like that. I cannot express how delicious their falafels are. Compared to anywhere else I have gone to get Greek food in the valley, the falafel at Z's blows them out of the water. They have that perfect crunch on the outside, and are not over-cooked on the inside. They are not overpowered with garlic or parsley, and have a delicate blend of all of the flavors that falafel are supposed to have. Their Greek salad is also exceptional. The ingredients are fresh, and to my surprise it comes smothered in feta cheese (another thing I love). But, the thing that really makes the salad is the salad dressing. It's a traditional Greek yogurt based dressing with a slight taste of lemon. The thing is, is that it's not overly pungent or sour like some Greek yogurt dressings are. It's creamy and smooth, and tastes wonderful. All the other components of the meal, like the potatoes, the rice and the Greek pitas are all above-average quality as well. I've also ordered their crazy fries, which are so simple yet so good. Fries with feta and cheddar cheeses. It may not sound good, but it sure tastes good. If you're looking for great Greek food in the valley, you've found it at Z's
4	If you're reading this review, I'm assuming that you're considering to, against your better judgment, try the old pizza-hut-looking Greek place with a random drive through that you pass by on the way to Pita Jungle but you're thinking "It can't be as good as Pita Jungle. I mean, it's a drive through!"  To you, I have two things to say:1) For a place that has "Pita" in its very name. Z's kicks Pita Jungle's hippie little ass as far as delicious, pillowy, perfect little pitas go. Oh my god they are amazing, I could eat them all day.2) The drive through is actually Z's Greek's best asset, because the inside kind of reminds me a dumpy fast food place and the drive through makes it a convenient place to pick up food that isn't the complete garbage that comes out of most drive through windows.Actually, one of the hardest drives I ever have to make is the 2 mile drive from the end of the Z's Greek drive through to my condo.  The smell their delicious gyros infiltrates my car and makes it impossible to concentrate on anything other than GETTING THE EFF HOME TO GET THIS FOOD IN MY MOUTH. I'm an even bigger driving hazard than usual, putting my own life at risk in the name of pita, but it is totally worth it.I usually get the Chicken Souvlaki pita, stuffed with juicy marinated chicken and a side of tangy tzaziki (I add the sriracha myself), and a small Greek salad, loaded with enough feta cheese it's probably not even a healthy choice anymore. I also LOVE their avgolemono soup when it's not 1 million degrees (though I can't pronounce it and look like an idiot when I try).  I can usually get delicious, filling dinners for me and boyfriend and get out of there for less than $20, which makes it a great, inexpensive, healthy-ish option for nights when I don't feel like getting out of a damn car, letting alone cooking an entire dinner.So to answer your questions: Yes, you SHOULD try the questionable looking Greek place, yes, they ARE better than Pita Jungle, and yes, drive thru is always the way to go (unless they remodel their inside, which I would totally love, but I don't think it's quite made it to their business model roadmap.) Four stars!
