4	Additional update: 2/25/2010 - The first Swish location on Sahara did re-open, but they also opened a new location on Spring Mountain (edge of Chinatown).  We went to the Sahara location, and the food was the same as before - excellent - but many of the non-pot-cooked items are no longer available, which is a shame.  Our 6 year old loved the chicken teriyaki bento they used to offer, but, in an obvious and understandable effort to streamline their menu, cut back on kitchen requirements, and ultimately save costs, that was no longer offered.  So we now have a hot-pot only menu (shabu shabu or sukiyaki).  Thankfully, they still offer their full array of mushrooms - not just 2-3 kids like at Shabu Shabu Paradise.  I would still rate Swish a little behind Sh Sh Paradise in overall experience.Still waiting for the re-opening of Swish on Spring Mountain.  Unfortunately, the new location won't be as convenient for us, and being close to Chinatown (or right in it, not sure from the address #), Swish will get more competition.  Its old location further north on Sahara made it more convenient and less daunting a trip out for the whole family (especially on weeknights when we wanted to enjoy Shabu Shabu relatively quickly).Food-wise, I'd rate Swish and Shabu Shabu Paradise (Henderson) about equal.  I like the appetizers at Swish a little better, as well as the fantastic mushroom plate, but the preparation of the shabu shabu ingredients was fresher and cleaner at Sh Sh Paradise.  We're also not fans of counter seating, so Shabu Shabu Paradise was a much more relaxed and less of a "rubbing elbows with strangers" experience than Swish.  Still...both are great.  Now, if only Swish would reopen!!
2	I used to eat a Swish a lot when it first opened.  I moved away and just recently came back to Vegas.  I was looking forward to having dinner and went to the old location on Sahara.  Hopefully they were bought by someone other than the owner at Spring Mountain as my dinner last night was sub-par.The meat was ok however, the veggies looked horrible and this was not the same quality that I received previously.  I also noticed that a few of the employees were Korean.  Nothing against Koreans, but part of what made Swish so good was that it was authentic Japanese style.  I'll have to try the location at Spring Mountain and report back.
5	Here is a link to my review of Swish on Spring Mountain:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/swish-shabu-shabu-las-vegas#hrid:YOPirmCw-TCvwTfeKbLMwwNow that may seem like a cheap way to start a review, but after dining at this Sahara Swish last night (thanks to seeing Misti Y.'s review!) I can safely say that both places offered me the same quality of food.  I will say though, the staff at this location was much more attentive and checked on the customers more often.  However, that can also be a side effect of how the restaurant is set up, with your hot pot sitting on the inside of the counter space; so it's up to the employees to control the heat of your stove.  A little odd since I think I'd rather have control over it, but in the end it didn't affect my meal or experience.Referencing my original review, I started off by saying, "This place is now on my list of, "I don't care if I ate this earlier this week, I'll eat this again tonight!" foods."  And that statement stills rings true.  I ate at the Spring Mountain Swish for lunch on Thursday (enjoyed their Mushroom Party, which is a great name for a dish), and dined here at the Sahara Swish for dinner on Friday (and, gasp, got the Vegetarian Delight!).Although the major obvious difference between Swish on Spring Mountain and Swish on Sahara is the setup, another difference is that they are managed by different people.  I'm not up to snuff on the whole background story, but even with different owners, you can find me at either location.  Whichever happens to be closest at the time!
5	My favorite restaurant. Japanese hot pot cooking. I was heartbroken when they closed the Sahara/Buffalo store, but elated when I discovered they reopened in Chinatown. Order the sukiyaki with rib eye- or treat yourself to the Kobe rib eye- SAVORY & DELICIOUS!!! You will not be disappointed.
1	Service was horrible. We kept having to ask for items for our meal. I don't think there was a time where the waitress asked us if we needed anything else. Prime rib eye, shabu style did not look fresh. Veggies were given in a very small portion. Also there was no soup base for the udon at the end of the meal. My friends & I from Cali just had a bad expierence over all.
4	Swish is an interesting restaurant and one of my favorites. It is Japanese hot pot cooking, meaning the food is served to you raw and you cook it. It's a fun experience!Swish is a nice place. Not a whole lot of seating though. They tend to get busy on the weekends and getting in can be difficult. The food is great and I have never had any issues with the service. It is a bit pricey and the food is usually not enough to fill you up. Whenever I go, I plan on getting dessert somewhere afterwards. All in all a unique eating experience.
3	The Skinny: really great lunch/happy hour specials with a decent sukiyaki sauce (3), service - okay, but the set up's a little awkward 'cause you can't control the heat source (3), value - for 10.95 - a good serving of rice, veggies and kobe chuck, this place is a pretty good deal (3).After seeing the sign for shabu shabu, I enthusiastically headed in for their reasonably priced lunch specials. The cost of the lunch special (sukiyaki only) was between 9.95 for prime or 10.95 for kobe chuck. Opting for the kobe chuck, we settled in for our little afternoon treat.Initially, the sukiyaki sauce seemed a little on the thin and salty side, but as the liquid kept getting added, the sauce became more sweet. There wasn't enough negi (green onion) to have that subtle flavour in the broth. Because of this, I would say the broth would be only okay.The quality of the ingredients was good although between the two plates, I got more Japanese mushrooms than the hubby did. Serving sizes for both the vegetables and meat were very reasonable for the pricing. I wished they did have a little more tofu but that's my personal taste.My only complaint is the set up. I just wished we could adjust our own cooking pot temperature. I felt bad having the server constantly turning up and down our little hot pots. Luckily the place wasn't busy but still that could be a problem if it was. Our drinks were constantly refilled promptly.Overall, it's not the best sukiyaki I've ever had, but it's not the worst I've had either. Our meal was very satisfying and affordable.
3	This was my first shabu shabu experience and I have to say that it way ok. Definitely not bad, but not mind-blowing either. It seemed like family night when we walked in because there were 3 or 4 other families eating there. I decided to go with the shabu shabu, while my wife and son went with the sukiyaki. The 6 oz prime rib-eye ($14.95) dinner was sliced very thin and spread out on a plate. It came with a plate of vegetables (onions, carrots, mushrooms, lettuce), tofu, and udon noodles. The shabu shabu pot was filled with a seaweed broth and once it got up to temperature it only took a few seconds to cook the steak. Accompanying the ingredients are two sauces -- a sesame sauce and a ponzu sauce. The quality of the meat was good, with plenty of marbling throughout, and the sauces added a nice extra dimension to the flavor of the beef.My wife wasn't as impressed with her vegetable platter ($8.95). It was basically all the same veggies that I got -- just two plates of it. She was expecting a wider variety of veggies. We also got a side order of chicken ($5.95) for our son. The sukiyaki pot is a shallow iron pot similar in size and depth to a cheesecake pan. The food is then cooked in the dish after the soy sauced-based liquid in it heats up.After trying both the shabu shabu and sukiyaki, I have to admit  prefer the latter. The "stir-fry" quality of the chicken had much bolder flavors and was much sweeter than the shabu shabu preparation.The style of cooking makes for a fun, interactive experience and would be good for couples on dates or families with older kids who like asian food.
4	Swish your problems away! or rather in my case eat my heart out! I think Swish is a good place to go for a semi light semi healthy meal. Instead of the typical oily asian food, you get a clean cut taste at Swish. I've been to Swish a couple of times and everytime I've ordered the Shabu Shabu....maybe next time I will move on to the Sukiyaki. In any case, with a side full of veggies and some meat I definitely feel like I'm eating healthier. The taste may be a bit bland to some people but that's why there's condiments to make it salty, spicy, etc. It may be a lil pricier than the Chinese Hot Pot, but Japanese food is more expensive in general. I have never had to order the "hungry" portion and I always leave full. Service is good, nothing too fancy here. Overall, I say let's go to Swish especially since now we get 20% off our bill with the 2010-2011 Entertainment book excluding Friday and Saturday.
2	First things first, its too expensive for what you get.  Yeah, you get to choose weather you want to cook Shabu-Shabu style (in hot water) or Sukiyaki style (deep pan with  sweet soy sauce based sauce).  Either style you choose, you still get barely any food.  I ate here friday night, i came hungry, and left hungry =( thats how little food they give you.  I was so disappointed with the portions, but the service was good! Our server was a friendly tall skinny japanese guy who always had a smile on his face.  Honestly, hes what made our experience bareble.If Swish had an all you can eat option, I'd come back, but until then, it was nice meeting you Mr. Tall Japanese Friendly Guy!
1	I usually like to give only positive reviews, but after my experience at the reopened Swish under new owner's have to yelp about it.  It was definitely different than the "old" Swish!  Very dirty looking.  The cooking stoves were dirty.  The condiments under the counter were all messy.  The handwritten, paper, taped signs on the walls and windows were tacky with the decor.  (It may work for Ichiza, but not at this Swish).  The server was CONSTANTLY coughing and not covering her mouth.  If she was sick, she should taken the night off!  Since you can see into the back area behind the curtains, I watched as she continued to cough...lick her fingers, cough on our food and then serve it to us.  I also witnessed her spitting or throwing up in the trash can.  It was outrageous!  BTW - she didn't wash her hands at all!!!!  Before I could eat the food that looked like days/weeks old veggies - I left.  I was so completely disgusted and paranoid of what germs she was spreading.  When she moved my cup to put down the rice bowl, she picked it up from the top.   That sealed the deal for me. HEALTH HAZARD!  DON'T GO!
3	Okay let me explain why not two more stars. I guess living out here in Vegas has really spoiled me with the All You Can Eat deals. And I've been to so many Korean BBQ spots that stuff me with their AYCE. So, I guess I was expecting something to bust my buttons here at Swish. Don't get me wrong.. This place is good and different. Their service is really friendly and the atmosphere is pretty chill. The other reason for not having one more star was that my hunger wasn't really satisfied.The food was tasty tho with the choices of Shabu-Shabu or Sukiyaki. They bring out your plate of meat and a plate of sides. I even like the different set up of how everyone is facing eachother in this huge U-shaped table and the servers come through the middle. It's pretty good if you like cooking your own stuff. I wouldn't recomend coming here to stuff your belly, but maybe for a good light meal to end the night.
4	It was my first time even stepping in for japanese hotpot. I felt very confused and lost, and embarrassed to even ask. But eventually the man was helpful to just easily explain that dumping everything in is what to do. From the look of the outside, I would think it would be crowded, but my second time stepping in there's hardly any other customers.The food was delicious, and the bill was still great even after having dessert. I would definitely go back again, but look around if prices would be the same.
4	I came here last week with a group of friends.  I ordered the 8oz. ribeye and I was stuffed!  I may consider ordering the 6oz. next time.  I thought the meat and vegetables were all very fresh and service was pretty attentive--though there was only a handful of customers when we went.  This is my first time eating shabu-shabu--I normally eat hot pot, which is the Chinese version and very similar.  I think the only difference is the sauces.  I was surprised to not eat my food with soy sauce and Taiwanese sa-cha sauce.  Instead, they gave us a peanut-sesame sauce, and a vinegar-lime sauce.  I thought the sauces were pretty good but could be a little thicker because the broth tends to thin them out.
5	Love Swish!  I go there once a week. Great food and great service!!  Loyal customer.
5	One of the best places to eat in Las Vegas.  Get the Kobe Sukiyaki.
4	We like shabu shabu, can't find it much in the states (or not as much as we'd like to), and pleased to find a very good place at Swish.  We tried both carnivore (ribeye) and veggie (mushroom) options.  Service was friendly and super attentive, atmosphere was a roomier version of what you'd find in the Ginza.  The meal was preceded by hotpot veggies and tofu which was already filling prior to the entrees.  The sesame and ponzu dipping sauces seemed homemade or tweaked enough to not appear straight from the jar.  The ribeye was bright and tender, and the mushroom medley was several varieties of chewy, tasty fungus (which also yielded a great post-dipping broth).  Great experience all around, good value, would definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	When a friend invited me to meet her at Swish for lunch, I just figured it was another hibachi / teppanyaki style restaurant. Sukiyaki is like fondue - Japanese style. So if the idea of going to a restaurant to cook your own food is a turn off, then sukiyaki is not for you. However, I found my first sukiyaki experience to be fun and fascinating! If you've never had a sukiyaki-style experience, I highly recommend going with a friend who has. The server spoke very broken English, so luckily my friend knew enough to teach me the basics. If you're looking to have the experience on a budget, definitely check them out at lunch, as their prices are about half that of dinner.
5	Here's another restaurant where I always get the same thing. And when I do, I have no complaints. Kobe ribeye shabu shabu is the way to go! You make it yourself on a small stove in front of you. First, you boil an assortment of vegetables, mushrooms, etc. When they're cooked, proceed to add the meat. The meat cooks fast so I would suggest putting them in a little at a time. I eat it over a cup of rice and wash it down with some iced green tea. Such a simple meal, but so delicious. It leaves me feeling satisfied but not heavy. Oh, and that peanut-y dipping sauce - I could put that on a tire and it will taste good.
5	omg... i love this place.  This is just the right amount of food. You can order the healthy (small) or hungry (big). I usually order the heathly because it comes with lots of vegetables like cabbage, spinach, mushrooms, carrots, tofu and noodles.  I really like the shabu shabu style and love the ponzu sauce.  But if you're a first timer, you should try sukiyaki style.  It's more of a teriyaki flavor.I like this place better than the one in china town.  It seems that the quality of meat is better here than the one located in chinatown.try it out!
4	I have been to Swish twice. Most recently we went for lunch as I'd bought a Groupon for Swish.The first time we went, we both got the shabu shabu.This time I got the shabu shabu with kobe chuck, and my wife got the prime rib eye sukiyaki. We also shared an order of edamame.The fun part of eating at Swish is that you get to cook up your own food. For the shabu shabu, you cook your food in a pot of boiling water. For the sukiyaki, you cook it up in a skillet. Both ways are very tasty. The best part of the shabu shabu is drinking the broth at the end when it's got the taste of all the veggies and meat you've been cooking up. For the sukiyaki we tossed our remaining edamame in the skillet to soak up the last of the sauce. Yum yum!
4	Had a great experience here, got a coupon off of groupon so got half off of dinner.  It was a fun way to eat cooking your own meat and veggies.  I got teriyaki and my date did shabu shabu.  Both enjoyed the meal and would go back next time we are in Vegas.
3	I love dunking raw meat into hot, sweet broth.  So, after a round of "eenie meenie miney moe" with my Groupons, I settled on Swish.The restaurant: The setup of Swish is interesting.  At Swish, you're seated at a long, u-shaped counter with a hot pot placed in front of each diner. Unfortunately, the pot is placed in an awkward location, forcing the diner to reach up over the bar, and then at a downward angle, to swish their food.  For someone with short, Tyrannosaurus Rex arms (like me), it was really difficult to eat.  I definitely prefer the more intimate, table setting found at other shabu-shabu places around town.The food: The selection of veggies served with the shabu-shabu/sukiyaki dishes were lackluster.  I probably received half a head of cabbage and two mushrooms in total. I thank them for all that fiber, but, can I please get some more tofu? However, I did enjoy my prime rib sukiyaki which was thinly cut and lean.  The unlimited rice is also nice.Overall, I would likely go back if I was in the neighborhood. Nextime, however, I'd probably ask for the booster seat to help with eating at the awkward angle (why do you hate the shorties, Swish?).
2	Service = 5 stars (prompt, polite).Food Quality = 4 stars (meat was fresh, some veggies looked like they were two days ago).Overall experience = 2 stars -didn't like spending 45 minutes boiling each morsel of food. The broth was flavorless. Seriously... I can boil cabbage at home, piece by piece, if I really wanted to. Pass.
5	came here with a buddy for his bday and they treated him very well. the waiter was attentive and very pleasant and the food was amazing. don't forget to get the egg wash for your sukiyaki. a great place to go and see a different side of vegas. get off the strip and over to swish!
3	Came here with my boyfriend during our trip to Vegas. It was alright.  I've been spoiled by the Shabu places in Orange County so I don't know how this place compares to other places around Vegas.  The sauce here was just ok, the meat and veggies were not as fresh as I'd like them to be, and overall, the flavor was just lacking.  Also, there was no soup base at the end for my udon (I'm used to Cali Shabu Shabu's way I guess).   My boyfriend ordered the sukiyaki I think and it tasted exactly the same as my shabu- just dipped in soy sauce.  Overall, the service was good.  There was only one girl that was working at the time and she was attentive and nice.  I don't know how it'll get if more people come in later though.  One waitress for the whole store?  I see complaints coming.
5	I found this place on groupon. My boyfriend and I got the deal, $10 for $20 worth of food. We went before 4pm for lunch so we took advantage of the ribeye for $9.99 each, with two sauces on the side. The plate of ribeye came with about 9 pieces each. It came with rice, noodles, spinach, cabbage, mushrooms, and some more side items.Everything was delicious!! It was our first time here and also the first time we've ever had food served like this. The server was very attentive and understanding of us not having any knowledge on what to do lol. It was simple, for anyone who hasn't experienced it yet. You just cook the meat in the boiling water for about 10 seconds, and veggies for a few minutes. I also ordered california rolls as an appetizer. They were delicious as well. At first I thought they were bigger than usual but I realized it was because they cut it into 6 pieces rather than the 8 I'm used to. It was all so good we decided to add another plate of ribeye for an additional 7.95. The food, service, and experience was all great. We'll definitely be coming back even with out a groupon!
3	Decided to try this place because of Groupon Now, glad I did!Server was extremely hospitable!  Was initially going to start out with a small sake and a small Kirin, but the server told me about the awesome deal: Large hot house sake ($7) which comes with a free order of gyoza or edamame (I went with the Pork Gyoza).  4 to the order, these lil crispy guys were light and simple in flavor (which I appreciated).  I asked for ponzu sauce to dip these in..the sauce was a lil saltier than I normally prefer, but it went well with the gyoza!$4.95 Spicy Tuna roll: This was pretty good, and the price makes it even BETTER!!  $5.95 Fried Calamari:  This should have been called "Tempura Calamari" cause that's what it was!  It was still really good..not rubbery.  I dipped it in ponzu sauce.  Atmosphere was decent.  I'd definitely go back!
4	It's getting cold and windy again in Las Vegas. This morning, I'm seeing a good groupon deal @Swish(50% OFF) on my phone and decided to write a review.Shabu Shabu is pretty eay to prepare and cook at home if you can get some fresh ingredients especially the great quality of the meat. The important thing is to have the meat sliced really thin (it almost tears apart when you pick it up) and then to select meat that has good marbling. Otherwise, the meat will taste too chewy and tough when cooked.  I really wish we have a good Japanese grocery store nearby some time soon :)Anyways, I am still being lazy to cook, I often go to Swish to enjoy doing  "swish swish"  :)  It is a noise that is made by the meat being dragged through the bubbling kombu dashi broth, right? hehe.....  I think Shabu Shabu offers a wide range of nutrition in one dish.I love Shabu Shabu because it is cooked without any oil or butter. Also, by being cooked in a hot broth, any extra fat is removed from of meat. I go to Swish once in a while if I am craving for some good Japanese hot pot since it is located relatively close from where I live.  So far, I have tried..,1) Shabu Shabu Style with Rib Eye2) Shabu Shabu Style with Vegetable3) Shabu Shabu Style with Salmon4) Sukiyaki Style with Kobe Chuck or Rib EyeAll dishes come with fresh veges(napa cabbages, carrots, onions, green onions, & all sorts of different mushrooms), tofu and udon rice noodles.Dipping sauce for Shabu Shabu they serve:    *Creamy Peanut Shabu(good dip for the veges) -a sesame, soy sauce, lime juice, & brown sugar sauce.    *Pon Shabu (good dip for meat)-a ponzu (citrus), soy sauce, vinegar, dashi sauce.  I always ask for lots of minced radish to add on :)  Very tasty!!When I'm in a mood of getting Sukiyaki, I ask for a raw egg(either you can eat as a dipping sauce or you can cook it in a broth. Very yummy!!) Of course I always ask for minced garlic and chili sauce, too. What I like about Sukiyaki dish is that the flavor becomes more intense and delicious. And I enjoy eating my udon noodles which can be added to the pot of broth at the end to absorb the appetizing liquid, yummmmm!Always, the wait staffs are attentive and friendly. My water gets refilled frequently and also they will ask u if you want more of extra broth.  I am always happy eating here :) :) :)  It is delicious, wholesome, pretty diet friendly (except for the beef), and full of vitamins.I hope one day we have more variety of Shabu Shabu places that we can try out like Genghis Khan Style or Korean Style Shabu Shabu places in Las Vegas.  Only different thing about these places are you can begin to make the porridge(leftover meat and veggies in the rich flavor of soup).  Once the rice starts to bubble, you can season the porridge by adding the chopped garlic, black pepper, chili powder, ponzu sauce and the salt.Most of all, Shabu Shabu is something that you can really enjoy eating together with your family or friends :P  Ahh, I am getting hungryyy again :^9
4	good enough for me :) they now have this miso broth for shabu shabu. pretty interesting.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place.  I'm originally from Vegas and still have family there.  Each time we go back to visit (monthly), we always go to Swish to fulfill our shabu shabu cravings.  I like that the meat Swish serves always look fresh and lean.  I've been to other shabu places that have a lot of fat in the meat slices or have that "old-meat" look.  And sure, there are tons of great shabu shabu places out here in SoCal (where I currently reside).  But there's just something about Swish that tells me - hey, you're HOME. :)Our server has been the same person probably in the last year or 2 - which is the owner I believe.  He is THE nicest and most polite server I've ever had the pleasure encountering.  He's always very pleasant.  He always has a gentle smile on his face.  He truly seems to enjoy what he does - serving people.I'm not usually a generous tipper, but every time I go there, I put down 20% for my favorite shabu shabu server!
4	This is west side, amongst the green belts and tract homes, Las Vegas tries to put its own spin on Californication. My name is Skacey, I carry a sense of nostalgia.7:28 pm. I arrive at Swish a bit earlier than my partners tonight. This far from the Asian markets on Spring Mountain, I'm on high alert for flim flam. After a quick stop in the restroom (clean, but no hot water at the sink tonight), I take a seat and let my server know that the investigation will include two others.There is not much to the decor. The seating is around one long horseshoe shaped bar, the servers work the cooking pots as they dart from one end to the other. Conversations are fine for couples, but with three or more, you'll find yourself leaning in and out more often than the Hokey Pokey.We decide to start with the recommended wasabi octopi (good with beer, the menu claims) and an order of edamame. The octopi came in a small bowl with little round nuggets in a slimey wasabi sauce. Now, don't get me wrong, the wasabi and octopi tasted ok, but trying to fish pea sized chunks from a bath of sinus cleaner with two sticks was strange.We decided to order three different beef dishes and trade amongst ourselves. Of the three, the Kobe Beef was the only one that seemed to distinguish itself. One helpful hint, they do have tongs to help retrieve lost swimmers. The meal itself was very tasty, the vegies were crisp and fresh, the beef sliced wafer thin (Monte Python references aside)Bottom line:The good: excellent sukiyaki, fresh vegies, wonderful serviceThe bad: not much, but if your in a larger group, visiting can be hardThe ugly: wierd slimy octopus nuggets...nuff said
5	What a great night to unwind with getting the Family together and enjoy some soup for the soul. So I took my parents here and my Father's best friend that was in town for the holidays for some Shabu Shabu! I love eating this in the Winter time, it makes the chilly weather more welcoming and I actually look forward it! Excited and hungry.. we all gained a hearty appetite for this meal. Luckily, we beat the busy dinner rush from arriving after 7p.m.  We were greeted and directed to our seats, which I like the whole layout of the round cooking stations in the restaurant. They also serve Sukiyaki, but that dish is always way to salty for me.We all ordered the Healthy portion (6oz.) of the Prime Rib-Eye. It's just the right amount of meat to be full and satisfied. Also just enough room to have dessert and actually "taste" it. The attentive server explained what each sauce were used for and what we can add to it in enhancing the flavor. There were condiments of thinly sliced green onion, blended radish, and garlic. If you add the radish and green onion together in the ponzu/soy sauce.. it brings out the flavor of the sauce, which also gives flavor to all the vegetables. I only add the garlic and Shichimi (seven flavor chili pepper) to the soup base for flavor and dip the cooked meat in the creamy peanut sauce... Love this sauce and used practically all of it. I almost asked for seconds. Everybody has a different way of using the sauces, but I always think of it as... creamy sauces for meat and seafood. While dark liquid sauces that give a acidic bite like soy sauce and ponzu... I use on vegetables and anything other than meat, so it doesn't cancel out the flavor of the meat itself, but coats more neutral flavor to the meat, so you can still taste the meat and get that creamy peanut flavor at the same time ;)So first the server brings a pot of water with a thick slice of seaweed, which is the soup base in where you place everything in to cook. Then they bring out a plate full of   vegetables and udon noodles... carrots, onion, green onion, different types of mushrooms, tofu, and cabbage. What I do is I put equal amounts of veggies to start cooking and put a slice or two of the meat... then repeat. After I finish my bowl of rice that comes along with this meal... At the very end, I place all the udon noodles and put the last slices of meat with veggies into my bowl to eat as a soup. Very soothing and delicious!!! It's like having two meals in one seating!! Like a Big Mac.. eat half of it as a burger and the other half like a taco by folding it in half :D Well I enjoy it more eating it that way than trying to stuff the whole burger in my mouth! :P After all of us killed the whole soup... we all ordered individual ice creams. I had half Red Bean and Green Tea... Delicious!!! The texture wasn't creamy, but softly firm.. like packed snow, but minus any flakes.. which was packed with flavor and absolutely lovely to eat. I enjoyed every single bite of it. One of the best ice creams I ever had. I was so impressed I had to take a picture of this simple, yet delightful dessert. Even my Mother thought the green tea looked too greenish? but it was so Good!!! OH! We all enjoyed it and it ended our meal with the highest note possible. You can literally hear our tummy singing of pure joy. We all expressed how much we needed this and having my parents and my Father's best friend thanking me for a wonderful dinner... I couldn't be more happier to see the ones I love so much.. Happy. Great service and happy souls... Swish is the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" but honestly it's the best with red meat :) Soothing and seriously takes all the stress away... Located in the same complex of Round 1 Boxing and The Las Vegas Grille... across the street to the formerly known 24hr. fitness.  Must stop by and enjoy before Winter is over. I'm telling you.. You'll get swished away!!!
2	The Skinny: the switch to new management has really hurt this place, that includes the rather poor details in the food (2) service: I'm not sure what was worse, our absent-minded waiter or the rather brusque attitude of the waitress (1) this place really went off the deep end on service and food within a year (2).It may be a surprise but shabu shabu and sukiyaki isn't rocket science. But the lack of attention to essential details makes this place on my no-go list.Enticed by a Groupon Now! deal, the hubs and I headed to Swish for dinner. When we stepped in, we put in a drink order. And waited. And waited. Essentially we entered into the building at 8:05 and didn't get to put in our order until close to 8:30pm and that's only because we flagged him down.I guess that is the running motif around Swish. If you want to get service, you not only have to signal for service but you have to ask for everything. When I mean everything, I mean things like plates.But how could the food be possibly bad here, you may ask? Isn't it just veggies and raw meat that you cook in a pot yourself?Even though the food is simple enough, it can be disasterous if not prepared appropriately. Take for example my order of Chicken Fiesta ($12.95 healthy portion) sukiyaki style which came with one small plate of vegetables, and a bowl of rice. The chicken, was carelessly cut into various shapes and sizes - some as large as a 1 inch x 0.5 inch x 1 inch cube. The uneven size makes the cooking time highly variable and uneven. Plus trying to cook really thick pieces of chicken in a little iron skillet with minimal liquid takes forever. Added to the fact you don't want to cross contaminate the raw chicken with the other food, it ended up taking a long time before I could eat.The haphazard plate of vegetables were also cut unevenly (some were really large pieces of napa cabbage and carrots which were hard to eat) which also exacerbated the above stated issues. The vegetables itself were okay, but I was a little irritated by the fact they put less than 15 leaves of spinach on a plate to make it look full. (For those in the know, that amount of spinach cooks down to less than a mouthful.) It's a total turn off because they charge another $3.95 for a miniscule plate of poorly cut vegetables.My hubby ordered the hungry sized Kobe Chuck ($20.95) portion. Although his meat cooked better than my stuff because it was thinly sliced, the accompanying dipping sauces were horrible. The sesame sauce was musty, weird, and watery. Tasting like swamp water and looking like the crappacino they serve on Fear Factor, it was a horrific combination. The ponzu was okay but nothing you can't get out of a bottle from the supermarket.To cap off this experience, the servers at the restaurant were poor. Our waiter, who was nice, appeared to be very absent-minded. He'd frequently forget to start the cooking pots, plates for food, cooking utensils, etc. Running the cheque took way longer than it ought to. The waitress on the other hand was more on the ball but had a poorer attitude towards the patrons (ie, sounding exasperated because someone didn't know what the meat choices were, grilling me on why I wanted a second set of chopsticks - because it handled raw chicken and we had no cooking utensils... that's why!... to name a few examples.)One might argue the joint was busy. However I'd like to say something about that. I normally don't make comparisons but I just have to in this case. Shabu Shabu Paradise (Henderson) not only has one waiter in the whole joint but she handles the same number of customers all on her own. And, the service is way better than what we received here. Plus she has to deal with refilling unlimited plates of correctly cut vegetables, bowls of salad, condiments and rice.Although the food was edible, the service and the improperly prepared dishes really ruined this place for me. Plus, the rather lackluster portion sizes given the price of the meal is also a big turn off. Even though our other favourite shabu/sukiyaki place is 30 minutes away, I'd rather go there than suffer through another round of Swish. (2 starred review).
4	So on Groupon Now! they had a $10 for $20 worth of food voucher that was too good to pass up. My cousin and I wanted to venture off of the strip for dinner, and this was a great place to try. There were hardly any people around, but that just meant better service for us. I can picture this place getting really full on a weekend. The staff was really nice and attentive, and we totally got our money's worth. I was STUFFED. The vegetarian delight is rather generous with the portions (you get 2 plates of veggies, plus rice and noodles). But since I could take my dollar further, I decided to order a salad and an avocado roll. The tofu salad isn't vegetarian (it's topped with bonito flakes, the dressing is like thousand island). So I had a lot of food leftover. I felt completely defeated. But it was definitely worth it.Even my cousin got to order 3 specialty rolls with his voucher. Pretty cool.
4	This is such a fun experience. The food is great. First time I had shabu shabu was in Manila. This is an authentic experience. My kids enjoyed participating. Lean and high in protein so a good choice for the healthy conscious.
3	I like to go to a shabu shabu restaurant...because like the obvious title of the restaurant is called...that is most likely what I would like to order.  But last night, when I requested the shabu shabu, the waiter was so adamant that I get the sukiyaki...calling the shabu shabu "bland."  OK, why the hell would you talk down the food in your own restaurant?  And why work at a shabu shabu restaurant as a WAITER if you don't even like the food???????  So fine.  I take his "trust me" advice.  What happens?  I get the sukiyaki.  It's a little bit too tasty for my preference.  I request the ponzu and peanut butter sauce that's usually served with the shabu shabu and had to have the waiter water it down.  Yes, the shabu shabu may be bland to him, but ummmmmmm....I like it.  I sat there eating and wishing I had the shabu shabu instead.  And I get he's the only waiter in the restaurant, but there were 5 of us, and the place was practically empty.  Now I can see why.  He was so scatter-brained...half of the time that we would request something...guess what?  It never came.  And the music that was playing in the background?  It was ALL depressing "I just got dumped" music.  Really weird. The food would be awesome, if he believed in it and brought the essential items necessary to eat your food beforehand...so you're not sitting there for 5 minutes with a plate of meat wishing you can eat already.
4	Maybe not 5 stars anymore.  But still a pretty good value and a different kind of dining experience.  Cook it yourself!Best best is the NY Strip with ponzu on the side.  Meat is tender and cooked "sukiaki" style ahs a great flavor rush.
4	I looked forward to dining at Swish, but did not know exactly what to expect.  I like to eat more than cook, so will generally leave all of the cooking to others!Diane and I arrived with another couple, and after hearing my choices I immediately elected the AYCE Sukiyaki option.  Miso Soup was fragrant tasting, with a few Green Onions mixed in.  Sushi was late in arriving but was cool and good.  Pieces were small on a cut roll, but 8 pieces for $3.00 seemed like a steal.  I liked the Spicy Tuna Roll better than the California Roll, but both were tasty.Servers were exceedingly friendly and patient in explaining the difference between Shabu-Shabu and Sukiyaki, and available cuts of meat.  Golden, lightly deep fried Calamari fingers were a superb appetizer.  Gas skillets dotted both sides of the long bar-like counter, with restaurant staff situated in the center area to assist diners.  I had AYCE Prime Ribeye.  The beef was thin and tender like carpaccio, but did not crumble like Diane's 8 ounces of Filet Mignon (a "Hungry" portion).  By the time I finished eating, I had a famished man's portion: 2 full trays of Ribeye, 2 platters of assorted vegetables including spinach leaves, Napa Cabbage, white onions, carrots, zucchini, broccoli crowns, Enoki Mushrooms, Udon Noodles, and two extra bowlfuls of White Mushrooms.A staffer was helpful in converting my remaining Sukiyaki to be finished in a soup bowl.  Hot Tea and white steamed rice were good, except the rice grew cold while I was distracted by necessary cooking.  She was right about one thing.  Once things got rolling, the beef was cooked with one turn in about 15 seconds.I selected Strawberry and Mango Mochi for dessert, and Diane and our friends were given fresh peeled orange slices so they wouldn't feel left out.  The Mochi was served as 8 small cut pieces that were good for about 2 bites each.  But they were cold and refreshing pieces!This was a fun meal.  Some good pot utensils provided by the house eased the stress of cooking and pulling out cooked food in a timely manner.  I suspect I will be back!
4	Will definately be back on a cold and rainy night. The best sukiyaki. Can't wait to try the yogurt soju next time. Our waiter was so pleasant and attentive.
4	I went here with my in-laws and I absolutely loved it! it's so fun.  You cook your own food in the pot in front of you.  Our waiter was really fun and really helpful, I think his name was Tsuyoshi. He set up the pot for us with different flavor addings in it.I got the Prime Rib plate (Its thin slice prime rib) & (Comes with a huge plate of veggies, two sauces and a huge bowl of rice for about $13)  and you get to add it into the pot how you want. I lovveee this because I can cook it to whichever temp, plus its fun. :P  Overall it was very clean, good food, awesome service, cheap sake too!Its not all stars because it's set up like a rectangle bar. We went in a group of four and it was O.K to chat but I feel like any more than that and it would have been difficult setting to chit chat in.
4	Pretty good but i'm sure i'll frequent this fine establishment more often as it gets colder.Good bang to buck ratio. I didnt go for any premium cuts of meat and grabbed the 3 meat combo. Cant exactly remember the three cuts of meat other than one being eye of round but i had about 4 plates of it so mission accomplished. I would highly recommend grabbing the Sukiyaki style. The sweet soy has much more flavor and everything that comes out of it, especially the udon noodles, much MUCH better. Dont forget to add a healthy scoop of minced garlic as it'll give it a lot more depth. Noodle and Veggie plates are premade which can be a bit annoying as each plate had too little or too much of one thing or another. Meat plates are done right and slices to order. Depending on where you sit you can watch your meat being sliced and assembled which is nice. No browning of meat that's been stacked on top of another and left in the fridge. Four instead of five stars mainly due to my mistake of ordering the shabu shabu instead of the Sukiyaki. Pretty much ended up grabbing Anthony M's left other broth and threw it into my own which turned out A LOT better then expected but one of hte staff came by and topped me off with shabu shabu water/broth and it got watered down. Not his mistake but i didnt get to try how everything tasted in Sukiyaki.
3	for the price their ayce shabu shabu is pretty good. if you like flavor get the soy sauce based broth, the other one is a little bland. i think there was 3 different ayce meat choices. their sauces were ok. the service was attentive and the sliced meat was served just as quickly as it was being eaten. there are better shabu shabu places but for the value, swish is good.
3	All I wanted was some realsushi...I had no idea I was walking into a cooking school. A friend and I  walked into this place and we were greeted right away,  as soon as we sat I noticed that  this was going to be a different experience for us. There was a burner in front of every seating area and only one waitress and no cooks in the dining area. We ordered the all you can eat special and a couple of beers and so the lesson began. Here's the thing,...I'm not so sure what we ordered, also I'm not used to this kind of cuisine but when the waitress came back after taking our order (or shopping list?) she came back with some raw items, sat them on the counter and turned on the burner and gave us some quick cooking instructions..o_0.....I looked at my friend who was also looking at me with the same look as many yelpers with the orange heads and a big question mark across their face. All I said was...you do the cooking I do the dishes. We started to get the hang of things, also people started to seat around us (professionals) and we could now imitate what everyone else was doing.At the end the food was ok, as much as I hate to say that since this time the cook was...me!, so I kinda fired myself and went for the sushi rolls for the rest of the meal.The Swish roll, the volcano roll, and the spider roll...I know might as well throw in the California roll but I didn't see anything more closer to real sushi.The place is very clean and functional for what they do, prices are competitive, the service is great although it could've been fabulous had we had our own personal cook, but now I know what to expect next time. Overall it was a good experience and the food was decent. I may come back and try other items from the menu, unless....I'm closer to the 99 ranch supermarket.
5	Le sigh at the people who went to a Shabu Shabu restaurant for vegetarian entrees and sushi. There is a vegan restaurant next door and a sushi spot down the street.I love Swish, and I actually prefer this location to the one in Chinatown. Yoshi is a waiter who is a mainstay there, and he's very attentive and quick. I think the setup of the place is really conducive to the waiters being able to serve you, and you being able to cook and have space to eat. If you're going with a group bigger than four, I'd recommend trying to reserve the section closest to the door because that curve will make it easier for people to see each other and talk. This restaurant is most ideal for 2-3 person groups, or those who are more focused on the food than the conversation. I love my friends, but when I go here, I must confess the food really grabs my attention.When I go, I normally start with the deep fried gyoza. For the main course, I get a hungry prime rib sukiyaki. Shabu shabu has a much more subtle, savory flavor. I like the sweetness of the sukiyaki. Sides include rice, udon noodles, and veggies (cabbage, spinach, different kinds of mushrooms, tofu, carrots, broccoli, zucchini, onions and green onions). I will very rarely consume an entire hungry portion, but it makes for fantastic leftovers.Make sure to have them add garlic and you can ask for "the spices" which include chili oil, chili paste and chili pepper. I usually add a little chili oil and pepper to the sukiyaki, sprinkle the pepper on the meat before I dunk it, and put chili paste into the rice. Remember to start off with a little and just add more to it. You are seasoning your food, not trying to rip yourself a new one.There is a direct correlation between how long you let the food cook and the intensity of its flavor. I'd say you have enough different foods and pieces of meat to experiment and find out which is optimal for your taste buds.
4	Get the all you can eat sushi!
4	The smell walking in is amazing.My boyfriend came here on a Sunday afternoon, there were not very many people. Swish offers shabu shabu which the waitor said was mainly broth and there was another option to cook the meal in a sort of terriyaki type broth. The way that this restuarant does it, is you get to choose the meat you want for whatever price it is. I ordered the ribeye and I believe it was like 19 or 22 bucks. they were nice enough to let us do two different things and share. My boyfriend ordered the all you can eat sushi deal, and he ordered a bunch of different rolls. There is no sushi bar, so they prepare the rolls in the back and bring it out. The rolls were OK, but we thought it was really nice of them to let us share everything. The food in general was ok. Service was great.Staff was very courteous and friendly.They brought out meat when we were already done, so the owner asked if we just wanted to take it home since she would be tossing it out anyways since it was already brought out.I would come back for the exceptional service.
4	mmm...Hot Sake...served best when it is hot...so drink up and don't let it cool!We brought some guests from out of town here at about 6:30 last night for dinner. I was expecting the place to be busy but was surprised that there were only 2 other customers when I entered. The lone server seated 4 of us on the right side of the horse shoe shaped bar. Three of us ordered the shabu shabu w/ribeye while the other had the sukiyaki. Cooking your own food in a hot pot was a new experience for Dave from Pennsylvania but he seemed to enjoy it, especially his chicken fried rice. Total cost for dinner amounted to $90 which I thought was reasonable. The server was friendly and provided excellent service.
4	Very solid food. Price is a good, but be careful what you order. You cook your own food if you order certain items, but the flavor is definitely worth it. The service is great and the people are friendly. Hell, if you suck with chopsticks, they'll even give you some trainer ones. I definitely recommend it, even if just for a new experience. :)
2	Okay ive been to many sushi joints. With that being said, this one was average at best. The all you can eat menu was decent but no yellow tail collar. The rolls did not really meet thier description and ice creamvwas not included. I did however discover shabu shabu. Look it up!!
4	Just got home from my first time going..and it was delicious! My friend and I ordered the chicken sukiyaki. It was a Saturday night around 8:30 and they weren't too busy, but there were quite a few people there. The food was great, as was the service. They're very friendly and check up on you often. The only complaint I have is that I wish it was a little easier to get to the hot pot/pan thing, it's a little bit of a reach. I will definitely be going back!
5	I absolutely love Swish!!  I've been coming here for years, and although the Shabu Shabu is good, I'm straight up addicted to the Sukiyaki.  I usually get the chicken (when they have white meat - it's not on the menu, but you can ask them) or the veggie.  The healthy portion is more than enough - I always leave stuffed.  The veggies are always fresh, and the noodles are delicious.  Be sure to ask for an egg to go with your meal.  I think you are supposed to dip your food in the raw egg, but I actually scramble it and cook it in the sukiyaki sauce. Delish!!
5	So so so so good, and fun too! Just a really different and amazing experience
5	This in one of few places where I feel like I'm really treating myself to a great environment and great food! You are on my top 5 of favorite places to eat! My friends told me about this place and the sitting arrangement on the Sahara location makes it a little difficult to talk to a bid group but with the food they are serving you, talking is not something that is on your mind. I've now been and ordered several different things but I always get the Sukiyaki. I get the healthy portion on the steak with a side of shrimp. I really enjoy the independent aspect of that I can cook my own food in from of me and then I can share too because there is so much food even in the smaller portions.
4	My first time here and I'll admit I wasn't quite sure when I walked in. But after the food arrived, I will be coming back. The service is great as well. The decor could use an update but the food will make you forget that.
4	I love this place, especially when I want a healthy meal  but don't want to prep or clean.  This is the third time I've been here.  The first two times I was here with my husband we were between lunch and dinner and I wondered how this place could stay open with only two other guess (if that)  in the restaurant.  I also was equally impressed they could offer an AYCE ribeye Shabu-Shabu for only about $25.00.   I am happy to report coming here on a Sat. night to see a full house was a relief.  Both my husband and I got AYCE Shabu-Shabu (ribeye).  My favorite thing about this place is that there are no micromanaging rules like must finish rice, meat, or noodle or be charge xxx amount. I just like meat and veggies, and don't eat the noodles or rice. it was fine with them. My husband and I share the same plate of thinly sliced meat and then get another together so I guess we conserve food that way, but we got four full plates of meat.  The service is very generous and they constantly ask (not in a pesky way)  if you are ready for another round or just taking a break. The only unfortunate thing for me, is that my husband and I do shabu-shabu at home often and use all sorts of Asian condiments they don't have, like sesame oil, rice vinegar, etc, but still it is no biggie.  We also like to eat the beefy broth that has developed from swish-swishing the meat, they sometimes look at you a bit funny and then give you a very small bowl and very big spoon that is not very soup friendly.I am hugely impressed by how clean this place is.  I saw the one waiter even giving a thorough clean to each burner after it was used.     If you are a soup lover or sukiyaki lover, you must try Swish.  Oh and they even added an AYCE sushi roll option to their menu; the rolls looked decent, but I never ever had one here.  Maybe next time...
4	Great spot for shabu shabu and sukiyaki.  One of my favorites!
4	My friends and I love this place, we've been making a habit to try to come at least once a month.
5	Had their Sukiyaki for lunch with prime rib. Broth was delicious, thus so was everything that was cooked in it. Staff was excellent. Very friendly and made me feel very welcome. I will definitely come back here with my wife.
1	I have been driving by this place for years, so I thought I would stop in and give it a try. Big mistake.They have bar style seating that wraps around the middle of the dining room and then there are tables around the perimeter of the bar. We were the only people in there at the time, so the service was quick. The staff was very friendly.I had the prime rib with veggies that you cook yourself on the hot plate. It was all you can eat, so I put down some prime rib. It was okay. The one thing I did not care for is that my server was slicing my meat with her bare hands on a meat slicer. She did not use gloves or wash her hands before picking up the Rib eye. I also did not see her clean the meat slicer after using it several times.I won't be back here. It doesn't seem to be clean to me. That's just the vibe I'm getting from this place.So, I just read a review that they were on Dirty Dining today on Chanel 13. That does not make me happy. The first thing I check when I walk in a restaurant is the Health Department grade on the wall. I remember they had an A, because I would not have stayed there if it was not an A. Next time I will have to remember to start checking the date of the last inspection.Well, one good thing came out of this. I found out that they have pretty good deserts next door at the Red Velvet Cafe.
5	Great korean owned restaurant, server was very attentive and helpful
5	We went here for our weekly date because I love Sushi but my husband does not eat it so it is a really good compromise.  The sushi I ordered was really fresh.  The dining experience is different if you are ordering the hot pot.  They bring everything out raw and you cook it your self in a pot that is placed in front of each seating area.  It is a very unique idea and he enjoyed the food a lot.  If you are wanting to be waited on by having your food cooked for you this is not the place for you.  However, I would highly recommend it and we will be going back often.  The restaurant appeared very clean from what we could see and we loved the music playing and the atmosphere.
3	Another bold statement - I think Vegas has way better Japanese food options than SF/Bay area... except when it comes to shabu-shabu. Other categories like ramen, sushi, curry, tonkatsu, etc. I think LV wins for convenience, ease of getting to and most importantly, quality. But I think Vegas is a bit lacking in the shabu-shabu department. Maybe it's because I haven't ventured off yet into what Henderson has to offer, but so far Swish Shabu Shabu on Spring Mountain did not impress. However "Swish" on Sahara does the job for me a little better (one of the servers told me they are connected, but "not really", whatever that means). I personally like the set up of the Swish on Sahara more. I normally go for the Prime Rib Eye "healthy" size option in Sukiyaki with tons of garlic, but still ask for the sides of ponzu and sesame sauce. I do wish this place had fresher looking veggies and higher quality beef (comparing this to the likes of Shabu House in SF/Burlingame), but again, it's the best option I've found so far. The AYCE options are definitely cheaper out in LV and this place even allows you to get multiple meat options. If you're looking to save a few bucks, go between 4-6pm and you get 20% off the regular menu. Last time I went in at about 5:50pm and didn't finish eating until 7pm and our server still gave us the 20% discount without having to remind them. If anyone else has any good shabu-shabu recommendations, please send them my way!
4	We had a dinner reservation but when we got there it wasn't busy. We were immediately seated and got our plates of fresh veggies for sukiyaki. My burner was on high heat as my broth was bubbling over and cooked my veggies quicker than everybody else's. Where's the meat?There were only 3 people working and it got busy just a few minutes after we got seated. One guy was still slicing our prime rib eye and almost all of my veggies and noodles were already cooked. Where's the meat?I got the prime rib eye sukiyaki special which comes with a sushi roll and an appetizer for $25. One person in our group got AYCE meat sukiyaki for $30 - that doesn't come with sushi/appetizer. They also offer AYCE sushi for $20-26. For mine, I picked the Sahara roll and chicken Katsu. My plate of meat finally came and I was overwhelmed by the amount of food in front of me. I'm glad I didn't do AYCE as I had a tough time finishing all my food which rarely happens! It was delicious.I can't complain about the service at all. They would pour more broth on my pot every now and then. No matter how crazy busy they got, they still managed to smile. Patience goes a long way. C'mon, 3 people attending to 30 diners, slicing meat, cooking food, making sushi, pouring broth, handling payments, busing tables and still smiling? I know if I were in their shoes I'd just throw my apron and say "eff this! I'm done betches!"
2	So far this is lunch (See pic). My To-go order is taking forever.... Of the one California roll and 4 pieces of salmon. I prepaid, why? I would have left.
5	Yummmm! Always my favorite place to eat, so simple with quality service & the food is always delicious. I always take out of state friends and family to eat there & everyone loves it
3	After a bad day at work, I needed some sushi- my GPS suggested Sushi Fever, but I saw this place on the way. The banner stretched across the entrance saying "low price sushi and rolls". Sign me up!This place is set up like a round sushi bar, with individual grills for each diner for hot pot meals. I might come back here for that, but as I said, I had sushi on my mind. At 4PM, there were only two other couples present, finishing up grill meals.The menu has two pages of sushi options that are decently-priced. I was surprised to see that the majority of roll options are fried or contain tempura-fried fish or shrimp, neither of which is my thing.I opted for the Crazy Boy and Sahara rolls, each $8.99. There was an insert in the menu stating happy hour discount from 4pm-6pm for 20% off of the bill, so I added on a plum wine.Wine was a decent portion for $5, super sweet like I like it. The rolls came out quickly: crazy boy is a bit more mild with avocado and cream cheese, but the sahara compliments it well with spicy salmon and a spicy garlic ponzu sauce. Rolls were a little on the skinny side and there wasn't much fish in them, which was slightly disappointing. It was just okay. Bill came to about $25. The 20% happy hour discount was not on the bill and I didn't feel like I should have to bring it to the employee's attention. I am not likely to come back, or if I do it will not be for sushi.
5	There are 2 locations and this is the location that you would want to go to. Staffs are always friendly regardless of how busy they are. When they get super busy the service can become a little slow, but that just comes with not having enough staff, but I can guarantee you that you will still receive amazing food and amazing service at this place. Been coming here for over 5 years and it has never disappointed me.
1	Yikes. This place is a train wreck in the flavor department! I honestly thought that the multiple rave reviews meant this place was the real deal! Not true.So this place does not offer an authentic Japanese Shabu Shabu experience - they are Korean owned and run and the goma and ponzu sauce flavors are completely off from the traditional Japanese shabu restaurants that I am accustomed to. Calling this place a Korean fusion hotpot restaurant would be more fitting. We also knew this place was not legit when they didn't even have "hot drops" - how do they not have that!? What a huge letdown. Is there no good Japanese Shabu Shabu places in Las Vegas? Help me!!!My boyfriend ordered the traditional prime beef shabu shabu lunch which was $10. I ordered the prime beef sukiyaki lunch which was also $10. Both combos come with a plate of vegetables and rice. Also you get their ponzu and goma sauce. The meat were sliced crazy thin - thinner than paper. It practically dissolved on contact; I couldn't pick the meat slices up without them breaking into a bunch of tiny inedible dots of meat. It was the worst form of cuttingcosts I've ever seen. I'm curious to know if they make it that thin for lunch only and if dinner they actually give a better slice of meat? Even so, the thin slices the meat were absurd, even for lunch - it's not an acceptable business practice and a total scam. The plate of vegetables wasn't tiny, but all of the vegetables were cut into many tiny pieces (bits) and they were old! I would predict they were about a week and a half old, if not older. The sauces were really sad. The ponzu sauce tasted more sour than it should, almost like pure vinegar. Maybe it was bottled ponzu, but I've tasted bottled ponzu that was better than this. Also the goma sauce was not even close to what goma sauce should taste like; was it even made with sesame seeds? It was very sour as well. It's almost like they had a general idea of what the sauce should taste like, but never actually tasted it. Epic fail. The last drawback was that they didn't offer any type of soup base for the traditional shabu shabu udon noodle soup at the very end, which was so weird! So you pretty much have a bland, udon noodle soup broth to sip? I don't understand it. On the other hand, my sukiyaki broth was insanely sweet. I had to pour my boyfriends bland (watery) broth in into my (sugar bombed) pot order to make it edible. I'm so disappointed this place called themselves Japanese shabu shabu. It was all a huge lie.
5	love this place. normally get the healthy portion of prime rib which ends up being just about right. you never feel too full after you walk out of here after all you are just boiling veges in a broth. They give you 2 dipping sauces. From there entrees to the sake. Its a very nice quiet place with great healthy food. If you haven't tried shabu shabu yet don't waste any more time. Good for an interactive type date plus she wont know how drunk she is getting with the tasty sake.
2	Yuk is the only word I can use to describe my food. I got the chicken shabu shabu after a friend raved about it. It was beyond bland and I didn't like that the chicken was "cured" in coca cola to kill the chicken smell, which meant that when you swish it, the juice turns white and pasty. It was not appetizing. Plus it was expensive. I also thought there could have been better vegetable selection as well. But if you're going for low calorie, low carb, low flavor and you don't like your money very much...then this is your place!
5	Good quality Japanese shabu shabu but the added bonus of being able to make it AYCE is a huge plus you can even add AYCE sushi too.
4	This is definitely the only place for great AYCE sukiyaki/shabu shabu in Las Vegas. I used to come here a lot but I soon declined as I realized there were many places in Vegas I was able to get more bang with my buck. Then I found out there was a change in management and they had added the option of AYCE. THIS CHANGED EVERYTHING. No longer did I have to worry about not being "full" after paying twenty dollars for my meal. The Good: Meat and vegetables are still to die for. And with the meat being all you can eat...or vegetables if you get the veggie platter, there is nothing to complain about with in the food department. I always like to ask for a raw egg and dip the meat after it's done cooking. Yum! Oh. And never forget to ask for the garlic. Even though I might have to change my clothes later because of the garlic smell, it really adds a great taste. All of the AYCE prices are reasonable priced. They also have good deals on alcohol, like AYCE sake for $9.99. Can't beat that.The Bad: The only thing bad at times is the service occasionally. When it's the older gentlemen working, he is very keen on all our needs. He is the best! While, if it's the younger staff, we could be sitting there by ourselves and we will have to wave them down for another serving. But overall, a great price for AYCE shabu shabu/sukiyaki! Yum.
4	I like this place when it comes to sukiyaki.Decent taste.It is little different than the real Japanese one that I used to have while in Japan; however, It is still the best in vegas.Happy hour deal is perfect.
2	Sometimes I wonder how some places stay in business and this is one of them. The inside is due for a makeover it's dark in there. The place seemed dirty to me and needs a deep cleaning as well. On to the food we ordered the shabu shabu the broth had no taste what so ever it was so bland it was like drinking plain hot water. After adding the vegetables and the meats still tasted the same after the second tiny bowl of this tasteless food I told my wife I had enough!!!When we got the check the check holder cover was so dirty and sticky I got disgusted. I didn't even touch it..place needs help!Went to Rocco's got two slice of pizza and was happy!!
3	Food is great, but service is really slow.. Please be aware if you come with a party of 6, they automatically charge 18.5% gratuity, even if it is against the law.
4	I went here for lunch. It wasn't busy at all. We sat down and we decided to do the lunch special which was on the pricey side. The rib eye was nicely sliced and looked fresh. The broth was on the bland side, but the sauce makes up for it.The service was great! Although, it was just us in the restaurant, but still, very attentive. Would I try it again, sure.
1	The worst service I've had so far in Las Vegas.  The Nigiri was skimpy. It took them 20 min to prep 4 pieces.  The server brought the wasabi and ginger until the middle of the meal and no soy sauce nor plate to mix it with the wasabi. Price was ok but other places do much better job... never coming back!
4	My husband and I love this place! We like to come here and have all you can eat shabu shabu with our friends.  We have been coming here for years since they first opened and we never had to wait to be seated; however,  now that more people have heard that it is ayce,  it can get busy so you may have to wait for seats.  If you are bringing a group,  it's best to make reservations because it' s a small restaurant.
