4	This is a make your own stir fry restaurant. A friend and I went for lunch, while the place was crowded, the service was highly attentive and generally excellent. There is something to appeal to almost everyone among the stir fry ingredients - and for a couple of dollars more you can make an unlimited number of trips back to the stir fry bar. Unlike a few places I've been, Flattop doesn't make you wait - the bowl is marked with your name and table so it comes to you when ready. Also, if you're not into stir fry, you have the option to have your meal presented to you as a salad, soup, mu shu pancake filling, or with a roti prata. Also, they have a full drink menu and a selection of appetizers and deserts.The best thing I can say in this review is that I'll definitely be returning soon.
3	Flat Top Grill is a new addition to campustown. allowing you to create your own stir fry from a variety of interesting ingredients and sauces. You put all your ingredients in a bowl, add some sauce, and perhaps pick a custom option such as having your stir-fry as soup or in a peking pancake. The variety of sauces and options allow you to experiment with fusions- Indian, Thai, and Chinese options are available.  I had snowpeas, spinach, cilantro, carrots, pork, and a heap of spicy vindaloo sauce with an Indian roti pancake, which was delicious and filling. However, quality varies...sometimes the grill will overcook the food or mix it with someone else's (yuck!). Overpriced stirfry? Maybe...most of us could do better at home. When your dish is done they bring it to you. Service is good and you can also get drinks and appetizers if your stir-fry isn't enough. While it is a chain, it seems much fresher than nearby Noodles & Co. The major problems? Vegetarians get a bowl of what is essentially vegetables and sauce, which is not a good deal for the price. Crowds can also get horrendous, so make reservations for evenings and on weekends.I also recently tried breakfast here, which really wasn't worth the price. You can get french toast, omelets, pancakes, and scrambled eggs with add-in. There are also snacks like fruit and muffins for while you wait. My scrambled eggs were more like flattened eggs because of the amount of cheese they added and the french toast was a little boring. Not worth 8.99 unless you are willing to eat a lot.
2	This is the first restaurant I have possibly ever been to where I felt actively annoyed by the waitstaff.  You'd think that was impossible, since it's a flippin' buffet, but lo.  The woman whose job it was to fill up our drinks managed to only ever reach for my glass when it was going to involve sticking her arm between my chopsticks and my mouth.  Some man came over and engaged us in a lengthy dialectic about whether or not we would like him to make us some dipping sauce.  What flavors do you like?  How spicy do you want it?  For 5 minutes after our food came, during which we couldn't eat!  Then he brought us over dishes of sauce that WE COULD HAVE SELECTED OURSELVES from the buffet!Additionally, I was unsatisfied with my food.  I followed one of the sauce suggestions at the buffet, and was treated to a steaming pile of oily stir fry that literally smelled like the nasty gunk that gets stuck in a horse's shoe when it walks through a cow pasture.  The pineapple in the buffet was from a can, the meat was a low grade cut, and there was about 100 times too much oil applied to the grill.  The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is that it's got an ambience that is well above the campus mean.
3	I was excited to go here because I heard rave reviews...it was okay.  I went for lunch because I heard that dinner portions are the same as lunch, but a few bucks more.The service was okay, but I think it was just my server.  She wasn't friendly at all, and made it seem as though she was burdened by being our waitress.  Didn't see a smile.You choose what you want to get cooked (rice or noodle based, they have a good selection of veggies and vegetarian "meats," other meats: pork, beef, chicken, mussels; shrimp is an extra $1) and the sauce combo, which was slightly daunting, but a friendly worker was there to help suggest combos.  The food took longer than I hoped because of the lunch rush.Lunch w/ student discount is about $8 for one bowl.  (they have an unlimited bowl price for $3-4 more)
1	Overall this place could be good but is just a disappointment.  They have a great selection of vegetables, meats, sauces, and other ingredients, but even when following their "recipes" the food isn't that great.  It was extremely salty and just not very impressive.  I think that the grill maybe got my food mixed up with someone else's food maybe, it just wasn't good.  Overall it was edible but I would never go back for the price I paid for salty, mediocre stir fry.
1	wow, another great gimmick turned into a franchise.  the food was quite mediocre.  if you've ever purchased a frozen meal in the stir fry genre and microwaved it for lunch, you have an idea what this food tastes like.   there is this annoying practice they have going on where your waiter follows you to the buffet, forces you to try bizarre dipping sauces and then pours them over your food.  i was also forced to order a strange "flat bread".  when my food arrived with the said "flat bread", i thought maybe it hadn't been baked or something because it resembled a glob of paste.  i asked my waiter what i was supposed to do with this "matter" and he said "oh, people love this, just spoon some of your food into the bread and roll it up like a tortilla".  well i did that but it still tasted like paste and didn't magically make the stir fry taste any less like a frozen meal either.  i'm amazed at how easy it is to impress a large crowd of people.  there were tons of professionals eating here alongside college students.  i would offer two suggestions for everyone eating there: 1. go to jimmy johns if you want basic lunch food.  2. go to cafe luna if you want exceptional tasting food with waiters who won't force you to eat horrible tasting crap.strange, just strange.
3	This restaurant is definitely a step up from what use to be on campus.  It is a Mongolian bbq.  The price is ok, not too bad with the student discount.  The pomengrante lemondade was pretty good.  The food is good but it really depends on what you choose to put in the bowl.  I would come back.
2	Yet another Asian-inspired food chain! Oh c'mon do we need this in Champaign? We have so many Chinese/Korean restaurants in campustown and honestly, they are way better than Flat Top. So, the whole stir-fry concept that they have is actually Mongolian BBQ. The difference is that they have tonnes of raw vegetables and ingredients to choose from. Oh, not to mention, weird sauces and food combinations. My combo was okay (it was brown rice, clams, beef, vege, salmon and roti prata) but if you don't have a sense of what goes with what, then your dinner is going to be a disaster. It's clever of them to have this pick-your-own-ingredients kinda concept because if the food was bad and you complained, they can point their fingers back at you and say that you chose the ingredients. Then again, you are not the only culprit. The grill sensei is responsible as well. If he over-grilled your food, it will taste just as bad no matter how wonderful your selections are. My friend's moo shu was not wrapped very well and some of the rolls fell apart. Well, there goes your dinner. I think it is good to try it once but more that once? You decide. Still, the combo of rice, salmon and roti prata bothers me. Maybe I am just a stuck-up purist who thinks that chickpea dhal is the only way to go. Could this be a one-hit wonder like Bar Louie? We'll have to see.
4	So yummy cuz I made it myself.I just finished a box of takeout Flat Top goodness.  The last time I had Mongolian style fare was in Whistler on my honeymoon five years ago, and I loved it today as much as I did then.I would think it is hard to go wrong when I am essentially making my own lunch.  At least for me.  My husband went yesterday with a group of people and had quite a wait to get seated and started.  He also somehow managed to spoon in ladles of hot mustard in his dish, thinking "I like hot mustard."  It was painful to eat.  He ended up having to start over again with help from staff to guide him to make a more palpatable plate.Today, it was all about a ladle of lemongrass water, ginger water, Korean BBQ sauce, and peanut sauce, and a touch of the really hot chili sauce.  A ton of veggies I love, enough meat to feel like I'm getting my meal's worth, and a shake of sesame seeds and I was done.  The waiter put some extra brown rice in the bowl, so I didn't have to waste valuable single bowl space with rice.  It was sooooooo good.  And hot.  Temperature is important to me.I did takeout and therefore chose the 1 bowl option, which was under $7 without tax, $7.57 with tax.  They packaged it up in a very stylish shopping bag.  Like, it's nice and sturdy enough to replace my bare hand to awkwardly carry extra shoes, lunch, and a sweater to work.Anyway, I work in Campustown, and Flat Top is convenient value for the money.  There seemed to be a lot of folks coming in to sit down for lunch.  Hubby had to wait 30 minutes yesterday.  I probably spent about 25 minutes roundtrip from my office door on Green Street to Flat Top and back. I would recommend it for takeout lunch.  It seems a bit daunting for newbies, but they get through the line the same as the rest of us, and the host gave me a short orientation before I built my bowl.  Looking at how the place is designed as an operations model, I could definitely see opportunities to improve throughput.  But eh, I'm not in that business.  I'm in the business of locating the good eatz and then savoring them with gusto.Which is what I did.  4 stars.
4	There's nothing particularly unique about this Flat Top location compared to all the others, but that's no surprise from a chain restaurant. The size of the space is good, the waitress was really nice (automatically gave us the student price - which itself wasn't terrible for a sit-down restaurant), and it all seemed to go as it should at Flat Top.The concept itself isn't bad; when I was younger I thought Flat Top was the ultimate in food fabulousness. Now that I've been in college and made more than enough "let me throw every thing I can find into a pan with some rice and soy sauce and call it stir fry" meals, the excitement has worn a little thin. Of course, the vegetables are much more varied and fresh, the sauce selection is massive (just don't think about Sauceman's from Tom Goes to the Mayor), and they give you lots of special options that most college students probably wouldn't be able to do. Plus, you know, not having to cook or clean dishes yourself.I like the place, I'd recommend it to people for what it is, and I'd certainly go again myself. Also, I've heard good things about their breakfast...maybe next time?
3	Sure, Flat Top isn't outstanding, but I find the reviews on here a little harsh. To summarize the place, it's a "make your own stir fry" restaurant: you fill a bowl with ingredients (noodles, rice, veggies, meats, sauces etc), they cook everything for you and bring it to your table. Nothing too fancy, nothing extraordinary, but it's pretty good, and pretty cheap too (around $8) especially considering you can go three times for that price (which is probably more food than anyone would want to eat in one meal). So... not a bad lunch option on campus. 3-1/2 stars.
3	I don't get why this place has gotten such harsh reviews.  While it's nothing special, it's really not that bad of a place to go on a date or grab dinner with friends as it's a new/different experience for many, its got a great location right off of Green, and you'll definitely be able to leave satisfied with a stomach full of some pretty good stuff (that is, if you know what you're doing).A design your own stir-fry chain, Flat Top offers a wide variety of fruits, vegetables, and protein for your creation - all of which are fresh - and they even provide some pre-designed recipes such as Kung Pao Chicken or Peanutty Lime Noodles.  Personally, I find these recipes are only okay, so I mix and match for myself.Make sure you load up your bowl (till one extra grain of rice will send the entire thing crashing down), because, while it may look like you have a lot on there already, when everything is cooked, it shrinks in size and you'll be left with half of what you thought you were going to get and don't forget to put a blue stick in your bowl at the end!  It's Roti Prata which is athin Indian flat bread that's really really good!  And they even have breakfast now at certain locations!  I have yet to try it, but I love love love breakfast foods and this seems like it'd be an interesting experience!The downsides to this place though, is how incredibly crowded it always is.  In order to get a table if you're with a big group (which is usually the case), you have to wait around an hour to get seated and there is hardly any room to maneuver around as the tables are places so close together.  The wait staff is nice, but not always attentive as they're so busy with other customers as well.  Also, forget about coming here if you want to be able to converse with your friends as opposed to shouting across the table in order to be heard.  For the student price and what you receive, I would say it's a good deal and would come more often, but the long wait and packed seating makes it so that I only make it out there maybe once or twice a semester.
2	Overrated and overpriced.Bread is good, but REALLY greasy.
1	Worst stir fry I have ever eaten.The selections are bizzare (pomegranate basil??) and the "sticks" are useless if no one tells you what they are and misleading. The final result was disappointing and tasted awful.If you want to experience "make your own stir fry" I recommend Northbrook Court's "Stir Crazy" or Ann Arbor's "Mongolian Barbeque." Much better. Cheaper. Tastier.
4	Flat Top is kitschy and pretends to be a bit more cosmopolitan than a chain restaurant in a midsize Midwestern college town should be.However, I'm amused at the harsh criticism.  If the food isn't good--guess whose fault it is?  YOURS.Basically, Flat Top is a gussfied take on the old Mongolian Stir Fry concept.  However, there are pretty extravagant options.  You can get everything from peanut sauce, indian curry, teriyaki, or even the sublimely odd choices of pomegranate basil and "vindahoo" (a miswritten version of "Vindaloo"--yes, I kept saying "Vindawhat? Vindahoo?" until Archana asked me to stop).  There's a huge amount of protein options, a variety of carbs (noodles of various kinds and types of rice).The drinks are pretentious and overstuffy, but the fruit flavored lemonades are fantastic.  Also, for an obesity overload you should get a pseudo-roti bread concoction on the side.  It's free and DELICIOUS.Anyway, give Flat Top a chance.  It's well worth it.  Although a bit pricey, it's a bit tasty--if you know what you're doing.
3	what t.j. said. :)
3	Came here for breakfast-tranisition-to-lunch, but what was nice was that we just had to pay one price to try out both selections.  However they charged us all for the multiple-plate deal even though I didn't partake in it, which wasn't really too much damage (just a dollar more), and we all got student discounts despite half of us being young looking alumni.I think it all evened out.Breakfast was interesting.  Couple of guys had omelets, the girls all got pancakes (which prove useful since they could try the lunch after), and I got an egg scramble with loads of veggies, which counteracted all the beer and fat sandwich tasting the night before.  Right?  Unlike lunch, they set out a bunch of sweet stuff to go in the pancakes, like chocolate chips and nuts.  You also get fresh fruit with the meal for free.Protip I did not know: all the little sticks for extras come with what you pay.  I wish I had got some sausage.  Also, I barely got any hash browns.Lunch came around but I was stuffed.  We did discover some things: if you use the soup stick, you don't get a side of soup; they turn your ingredients into a soup.  Also, they have longganisa!  They call it Filipino sausage, which it is, but I was extremely excited to see some love for some of the best Asian food no one's tried.  It's leaner than the kind I usually have, which makes it a bit less authentic, but probably healthier.Overall, service was ok, but we didn't receive much instruction despite it being the first time for most of us.  My breakfast turned out all right, though I can't see if they did anything special besides scrambling my  ingredients with eggs and serving it to me.  The lunch seemed a lot more interesting with all the sauces and longganisa, though I think we did the right thing by trying both in one seating.We were also pretty hungover, so that helped.
4	It's all about customization here.  You can create one bowl of stir fry goodness or for $2 more, an unlimited number of bowls.  After assembling various grains, veggies, and meat, you have the option of putting other add-ons into your meal, represented by different colored sticks.  I've always been a fan of the blue stick - roti flatbread (beware: it is kinda greasy).This Flat Top has a roomy interior, but the L-shaped buffet bar is cramped.  They always have exotic beverages here, like desert pear, pomegranate, or chipotle pineapple lemonade, margaritas, and mojitos. Refreshing and trendy!
3	Its a typical college town restaurant. There is nothing fancy about this place but the fact that 'not many restaurants in champaign offer a similar concept, makes this place unique'. Its  a 'create your own stir fry' kinna place where you get to pick a combo of rice, noodles, veggies, meat, and numerous flavors of sauces/seasoning, which are all in turn cooked together. You also get to add naan/paratha/eggs etc. The paratha here is awesome, but also a bit too greasy (which is probably why it tastes so good). Although the downside of this concept is that, you can never get the same taste again. It lacks consistency. You might find the food delicious one day and unappetizing/insipid the other day. Whats more frustrating is that you cant even blame it on the cook :), because you picked the ingredients yourself. The chances that you might be disappointed by the food here are quite high when compared to restaurants where you know a particular item tastes good and tastes the same all the time. Cant really recommend an item here, cuz i really dunno how it might turn out for you.All said and done, this place is definitely worth a try (atleast once).Note: The staff is very friendly and provide excellent service.
4	Most Flat Tops, I'd give a five star rating since I love the place. I won't go into a huge explanation into why since everyone else has, but a word of warning (and the reason this is a four start place for me):Every time I (or whoever I'm with) add chicken to my stir fry, there are bits of bone. I've never had this problem at any other Flat Top, so when I'm at this location I just leave out the chicken, but if you still want it, just be careful for bits of bone. (Though my friend that got chicken with bone in it complained and his meal was free, so it's nice that they're at least sorry it happens, if they're not fixing the issue.)
3	Came here for breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed it. Waitstaff was informative and very nice. As students, we were able to enjoy the unlimited breakfast for $8.99. My friends had done a combination of an omelet with french toast or pancakes. You can create the omelet with meat (sausage, ham) and veggies (green peppers, mushrooms, etc). French toast and pancake options included fresh fruit and nuts. Plus, you can add in at no extra cost hash browns, bacon, or sausage. Everything came out HUGE and on huge plates. There was also a side buffet of fresh fruit, muffins, light mixed salads. Not bad, and a good deal if you can eat a lot. Me, I could only finish 3/4 of my omelet and that was def not worth $9+.
3	I've eaten at several "make your own stir fry" type of places before coming to Champaign-Urbana, and Flat Top was certainly one of them. Back at home, I was pretty willing to pay the $12-13 for this pleasure since there was a lack of asian restaurants that I really liked.However, I am now surrounded by many relatively high quality thai, chinese, and korean restaurants that are also pretty cheap, and with that in mind, it's hard for me to justify paying more to eat at a restaurant like this.Yes, you do have the freedom to build your own stir fry here, but if you don't know what you are doing (which will probably be the case your first time), then you'll probably end up putting too little noodles or too much sauce in your bowl and end up with a mess. Of course, even if your stir fry comes out perfectly, I can't say you are going to get your money's worth unless you are hungry enough to finish a second helping for a mere $2 extra. However, even that has its caveats as if you choose to take home anything you don't finish, you'll have to pay $5 extra which will only promote wasting food in my opinion.Still, you may be allured by the freedom of handpicking your ingredients every once and a while, and it's a pretty fun place to go to with your friends.
3	I've eaten at two other Flat Top Grills before (wow I never knew it was 3 words before...) and I'm sure most of the reviews below mine have explained how the food and the make-your-own bar work, so I'll simply share a few thoughts about how this Flat Top differed from my others:- Lots of dining space, far more than I expected, looking in from the street- Great location, easily found a place to park my car- Good service, the waiter even kept a stream of punny jokes (based of my initial one) throughout the entire dinner.  That deserves major props in my book!The only flaw in my dining experience? I felt a bit rushed to leave the restaurant during a late dinner hour.  While I personally would have ignored it and continued on with my conversation, my partner insisted that we leave to be considerate.  Not exactly how I wanted to end a dinner date...
4	I've always liked make-your-own stirfry places like this, for the ultimate power to choose how your food came out. This allowed me to keep coming to this place, as I made crappy dish after crappy dish.Then, I learned to make healthier mixes. Then I learned to make TASTIER mixes. And then, Flat Top Grill became a much more enjoyable place! For the price, few places can match the quality or quantity.Learn the right sauce mixes, and your experiences here will be gold.
4	I like this place.  IT is a good bargain as long as you avoid the drinks... but then, the same can be said for most restaurants.  Their selection of ingredients is quite good and the staff has always tried very hard.  We once had a problem with food and the manager quickly sorted it out.  It's good!
5	This place gives you amazing food with a unique experience! The food is like an Americanized Mongolian BBQ type of ordeal. You start off with an empty bowl and chose whatever you want to go in your dish with your choice of meats, vegetables, noodles, and sauces. Then, they have a big grill where someone cooks it for you.They always have great service here as well. I am always pleased with the service I receive when I come here. They don't have a big alcohol menu, however, the alcoholic beverages they do have are quite tasty. And this is a great place for students to go and enjoy time out with their friends given that they do have a student discount.
2	I used to be a big fan of Flat Top. I used to go there at least once a month. Then the price went up, you had to pay extra for shrimps, so I started going there less frequently. I went back there again today for a quick late lunch. Flat top lunch used to be a bargain for lunch take out at $7.50. I went there today and upon paying I got a bill for $8.99 even though on the board it says lunch price is $7.99 for students. I talked to one of the waitresses there and she's like that's just how it is, we just raised the price up EVEN THOUGH on the board it clearly says $7.99. I said that's a shady business practice, you can't charge someone extra for something that's not stated on the menu, and she said she can't do anything about it, and that i'll have to go talk to the manager. I talked to the manager, and he said the price just went up. Again, the board (which displays the menu and the price), says $7.99. Once he found out that I was getting a take out, he said oh the student discount is only for dine in. Again, this is not stated anywhere on the board or in the menu. I used to come here a lot, and I always got student discount with take out. I was not pleased with the tone of the manager and his sketchy business practice, so I just decided to dine in. A new, very nice waiter came by and apologized for everything. she was really nice and was sorry for how I was being treated. She got me the dine in plate and asked if I want to box it to take it home, and that's what I did. The extra $1 doesn't mean much. I gave that away as a tip to my amazing waitress. I'm just against shady business practices.And the food? the food is great. Service is usually good. I've dealt with the manager two times, and I felt like he's a rude and shady person.
4	I like this place. Yes, it is a chain that tries very hard to appear to be kitchy with hand-written signs etc., and yes, it is very easy to combine several ingredients that have no business being together making an unsurprisingly nasty-ass concoction. That being said the ambiance is pretty good: lively enough to have a good time, but still not too loud to hear your friends, with decor nice enough to justify the prices. I have always had good service.What I like most about this place is that it is such a crowd-pleaser. vegetarians, vegans, those with food allergies, gluten avoiders, Atkins dieters (idiots) and those who are just plain picky for no other reason will all find plenty that suits them.This place is not without its quirks, and if you are there for the first time, DO NOT lie when the server asks you if you have ever dined with them. Their systems are not perfectly intuitive at first glance, so let the staff lay some knowledge on you. But beware: like any buffet, they will try to upsell you on pricey cocktails, apps, and whatever. Get a drink if you must, but stick to the buffet.So, the prices, atmosphere, and  3-star territory. The excellent slightly-greasy flatbreads are +1 star, and +1 star for the tons of different protein options, the plethora of sauces, and the many ways that everything can be customized via the lil plastic sticks. Minus 1 star for expensive drinks.
3	The food is alright, but it's probably only worth the price if you get the discount with student id, have a coupon for half off, or have a coupon for a free stir fry.  Have been there a few times in the last few months (because I had a coupon for a free stir fry), and the service was terrible each time.  The waiter forgot to bring water/drinks to the table several times, after walking by and reassuring us that he'll be right back with water.  The waiter never came to check up on us throughout the meal to see if we needed anything, and we needed more water at several points.  As for my food the last time, it was not that great.  The sauce combo that i made was not good, and i should have had one of the servers mix my sauces (make your own sauces can really be hit or miss).  Finally, when we asked for our check, it took our waiter another 20 minutes to bring it, then another 10 to bring a carry-out box.  Overall, the stir fry is decent, but i would recommend having a server prepare your sauce mixture (whenever I prepare it, it never comes out quite right), and prepare yourself for not-so-great service because the servers are mostly college students who are working for mediocre tips.
4	Please note that If you aren't a college student then this place is NOT really expensive!Flat Top is a chain, but it hasn't made it to Michigan yet (darn).  When I'm in town for work, I strong arm my local friends into coming here for lunch.  We usually do the one trip because of time constraints.FT has a very nice selection of veggies and unique sauces.  The protein choices are regular, but fresh.  Yes, you pay a little extra if you want shrimp, and then they only give you a skewer... so stick with the chicken if you're cheap.What sets FT apart from the Mongolian-type places in Michigan is that you choose how you want your final dish to turn out - in a hot and sour soup, in a vegetable soup, on top of a salad, moo shu style, or just regular stir-fry in a bowl.  I've gotten the veggie soup my last couple of trips because I think the broth goes very well with the sauces I choose (spicy hot and savory, not sweet).  And their flat bread is amazing.  We always ask for extra, extra, extra!
4	Just like all the other ones I've been to. Great food.
2	It must not have been good days for them or something, but the times I went to this restaurant the waiters and the person who I believe to be the manager were quite rude. I never encountered a problem like this at other Flat Top Grills. I do like eating there because of the atmosphere and food, but it's just annoying to have to deal with them each time.Ah, well. Besides the service, the food is decent. Not really clean around the buffet area, though. And the bowl that you get back may not be the delicious creation that you think you made (I mean, I personally don't really know what I'm doing when I pick out each food item). I'd say, go there only if you're really feeling the need to apply your originality. And good luck...
5	With a very reasonable price list, and a very varied menu it really is hard to get tired of this place.  Whenever lunch brings me to campus-town I usually eat here.  There are discounts available for students that bring it down to the poor grad student budgetary range, and the option to take home a bowl makes it an even better deal.  If you're new to this restaurant though, be sure to either go with an experienced friend, or tell the wait staff you're new; there are a few insider tricks in preparing your food that you won't learn other wise.  One of the best is to always, ALWAYS, put the blue stick for bread in with your stir-fry.
4	Good place, nothing much different than any other Flat Top.  If you go when school is in session, don't try to go during "normal" lunchtimes unless you want to fight with some real crowds...they offer a $1 discount to students, so the place gets flooded.  I prefer to go around 11am or 2pm, and the place will be pretty much empty.  Go before ~3-4pm, though, as lunch is cheaper than dinner.
3	AYCE breakfast for $9.99? yes please! this is the first time i've had breakfast at flat top and i was pleasantly surprised. lots of items to choose from. you can get eggs scrambled or in an omelette. there's pancakes, french toast, etc. the options are endless. service was alright. our waitress was a little too chipper for a sunday morning which got on my nerves a bit but thats not her fault. i was just trying to recover from a crazy saturday night. =P
2	I live in Ohio where we have Mongolian BBQ.  I was told this was better but I definitely disagree after my experience.  The prices are very similar but their drinks are pricey, in my opinion.  Their buffet area is also rather tight.  Their selection isn't great in my opinion either.  Mongolian BBQ blows theirs out of the water. I also didn't like that cooking the food wasn't the "experience" that it is at Mongolian BBQ.  One of the women I was with did find a hair in her food so she had to make another bowl which took a long time to do so.  Thankfully, there isn't one in the Cleveland area and if there were, I wouldn't go.
1	Breakfast here is usually hit or miss. Today it was all the later...Undercooked pancakes and omelets were the norm; I never received a  plate that was cooked well. The potatoes were soggy with oil and I never received any bread despite requesting it every time.  The wait staff was serviceable.
2	The food is pretty good. The prices are kinda shitty. The organization and constant screwups is what turns a potential 4 star into a 2 star. The last 4 times I have gone at least one order has been messed up, usually more.Issues range from the meat bowls being entirely mixed up between unrelated orders or forgetting to add the bread to them mixing up how you wanted yours served, like turning it into a soup. Depending on what the screw up is, you'll have to remake your entire bowl and wait a good 30 minutes, made even worse if you are dining with people whose orders turned out fine and will either have to wait for you or just go on ahead without you. They'll usually comp your meal to some degree, but it's still not really worth it. The inside of the restaurant is terribly laid out. Some space is completely unused, whereas the food bar area where you create your bowl is so cramped it's uncomfortable. Foods are jammed so close together they inevitably get mixed, including the sauces and meats which could be a big issue for people with dietary restrictions (especially considering that they seem to try to make it a very accommodating experience to such people otherwise)
3	The good thing about Flat Top is that you make your own food.  However, the bad thing about Flat Top is that you make your own food.  You can pick whatever you want for your stir-fry (soup, etc) so you get exactly what you want (though I always end up with corn in my stir fry even though I never add it myself).  The problem is, sometimes it's nice to have somebody tell you what works well together.I pretty much only come here when I have a coupon.  It's not that it's too expensive or the food is bad, I just get a little sick of it because I always have so much leftover that I'm eating it for days.  Also, apparently I'm not very creative when it comes to stir fry because I always end up making pretty much the same thing.  I'll be honest, it gets kind of boring.  But, the veggies always seem fresh and the sausage they have at dinner is pretty tasty.  Sometimes, though, it seems like my meat doesn't get cooked all the way through.That said, here's some pro tips:- Always, always, always ask for more bread- The rice seems to be a better choice than the white noodles if you're going to have leftovers, since the noodles tend to clump together and get really mushy- Place the veggies in your bowl first, and add the rice or noodles on top.  You can fit so much more in your bowl this way.
2	***Full Disclosure: I used to work for Flat Top Grill for nearly six years until April 2011, spanning its old and current ownership, but not at this location***My buddy Sven and I came to town the other night and decided to stop in for dinner.  He had been eating unhealthily all day and we both knew that FTG was a place to both eat healthy and make yourself a large quantity of food for your money, if that's your sort of thing.We stopped in around 8:30 on a Saturday night.  There appeared to be only one server, one bartender and a manager on the floor. The manager appeared to be wearing many hats, seating, serving and bussing tables.Ok, most people are familiar with the process by now.  The food was good.  Our server Toni was good.  Honestly, the only reason I'm giving such a low rating is because the place looked like a disaster area.  It looked like a tour bus full of people had just left the place.  Dirty tables everywhere, trails of water and food debris all over the floor.  The bar area had 10 or so seats, with four of them covered by clipboards, paperwork, and other bar stuff.  While our server, the bartender and the manager are all trying to make some sense of the place, I head to the bathroom and the busboy is in the back of the room on his phone.The spot in the worst shape was the food line.  There were veggies all over the counter, sauces splattered all over, a few items were missing tongs, and there was only one guy on a full grill on a Saturday night.If you think about it, there's only one thing FTG offers, and that's the fresh food line.  If that looks unappealing, then the whole concept looks bad.  Someone with bad OCD that night would've probably had a Rain Man-style attack.For all the times I visit Champaign (once a year), I'll write off this visit.  I've been to FTG's that are immaculate, and ones that need some work.  This one could definitely use a hand.
1	Hey the naan bread is pretty good.  But it kind of stops that that.  I found the ingredients bar to be pretty messy with some items spilling into others.  Kind of gross actually.  The food is good as long as it makes it to your table.  I had mine in a reasonable amount of time but they apparently lost my sisters dish.  How do you loose it and why are you not immediatly asking her what was in it and re-making it ASAP.  This was a server, cook, and hostess shared FAIL.  The dish was eventually found but I was mostly done with my dish.I suggested to the hostess that some comp'ed naan would be a good idea.  This also took a long time to arrive since I had to ask about it twice and it was a mere two pieces.  We were then told that our drinks (we had 1 beer and 1 soda) would be removed from the bill only to find out that it was only the 1 soda.  That was actually worse than not offering at all.Frustrated we left and will probably not return again.  Just plain sad, sad, sad.......
2	Flat Top holds a very very special place in my heart. Back when we were in high school, groups of us would wheedle and deal in order to secure a car, pack it full (ah, the days before there were limits on teenage drivers and their passengers), and drive it 20 minutes over to the newly opened Flat Top by Northwestern. We totally felt cool because a) we were on a college campus, b) this do-your-own-stir-fry was a total novelty, and c) it was fun coming up with new combos...that we had made up.Fast forward the years. Flat Top has apparently now opened a location steps away from UIUC. And it sucks. It sucks pretty bad. I hope it's an anomaly rather than a decline of the chain as a whole. Or maybe it's always been this way and I've never noticed??I decided on Flat Top for lunch because some of the other places I wanted to try were closed in preparation for the upcoming school year. And I seemed to remember that Flat Top was pretty quick. I was wrong.*Waited awhile to be greeted. It seemed to be short-staffed, which I kind of understand because it's summer, plus they opened 40 minutes earlier. But noon was in 20 minutes...is this how you usually roll?*The hostess couldn't decide where to seat me...a lone diner all by myself. She veered from the front where there were several groups. She was going to seat me at the high-tops, but given that there were several pairs there, veered from the empty ones. She then seated me...in a corner...all the way around the back. Uh, ok.*Seriously, if you don't know what you're going to put in your stir fry, back up a little instead of blocking the area with your nose pressed up against the glass guard and your head whipping back and forth reading the sauces. Or loiter in that extra empty space to make a decision. I understand you're here for orientation for your kid or something...but some of us have power lunches.*No employees at the stir-fry station with four or five already on the grill and four or five lined up to be placed on the grill. However, they do let you go thru the line again to make another dish while you're enjoying the first one to save time if you're doing the unlimited option. *Needless to say, it took forever to get my first dish...15 minutes. And then my second dish came two minutes after...which was brought by the original hostess who said confusedly, "I thought you were dining alone?"*The ingredients were AWFUL. They just opened for the day...but it was so obvious that the ingredients weren't fresh! The baby corn and bamboo shoots had a distinctly sour taste to them. Green peppers in my stir fry when I never put in green peppers. Vegan meat dry, rubbery, and tasteless. Even the beef had the sour taste of it standing around being marinated in its own sweat for hours. The squid was rubbery. And I think they use egg substitutes because that definitely did not taste like normal egg. I have to say that the tofu was okay though.*If you're sitting back to back in the booth chairs, they're pretty flimsy. The kid behind me kept shifting and I could feel every thump he made. It drove me nuts.So. The only reason why this place didn't get one star? Julia, my waitress. She was calm, efficient, and kept up a running conversation as she moved from table to table. She's quite the lady...knows a lot about obscure UIUC stuff and is super friendly to boot. Once she realized that I was on a schedule, she even offered me the check early so I didn't have to wait for her in case she got held up. Really awesome...thanks! $8.99 for a one bowl lunch, $9.99 for the unlimited option. If you're a student, you get a $1 discount.Thanks, Flat Top, for shattering a high school memory.
4	Great place fun a fun, social dinner.
4	Flat Top is always a great spot when you are craving your unique stir-fry experience. This Flat Top is exceedingly special because of the great staff - managers to waiters. They are attentive, but not pushy. The bread (blue stick) is a must with any stir fry. Don't blame any bad experience on your lack on skill in the sauce mixing department - the staff will help you and try your sauce before you drown your veggies in it. Or go with a friend who knows what they are doing.Go for lunch, it is so affordable. You spend big bucks on a decent meal wherever you go these days. Dinner is a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for, because its great.
3	"Not all chain restaurants are created equal" should be my new mantra after this weekend's visit to the Flat Top in Champaign.1. I don't understand how the street with all of the restaurants and bars can be considered "on campus" but that's really neither here nor there.  I went to a school where if you wanted something (decent) to eat, you had to take a bus or drive to get there.  I guess that's a win for U of I students.2. The location is easy to get to (see point 1) and there is a lot of other stuff around it too.3. It's a larger location, which is nice.4. Service was friendly and as quick as it could be (you are pretty much at the mercy of the cooks, no?)5. I found that the spread of veggies at this location seemed smaller than others.  Even some of the veggies that are listed on their "signature" recipe card were missing.  I would much rather see the "staple" veggies than the seasonal berries and figs.  Who wants to put berries and figs in their stir fry anyway?6. The staff was working hard to make sure that the sauce counter remained clean, which I can appreciate, and understand its hard, especially during move-in time at a large university when you have a lot of unruly hungry families around.7. Gave us the student discount even though my sister hadn't gotten her ID yet.  +1.
2	This place seems really interesting your first visit, but the novelty wears off after the second or third visit. The food does come out really hot, which is great, and the place has been pretty clean the couple times I have visited.  I've found there isn't anything that really makes this place stand out; the flavors come across as pretty bland. If the food wasn't so expensive I probably would give it a higher rating, but it's too expensive for what you get. If I'm looking for something really tasty that is asian style, I'll head across one block east to cravings.
4	Awesome concept. Perfect for picky eaters, like my wife, pick your ingredients and they cook them. Tasted great. Only complaint I have is the size of the buffet area, it gets crowded easily and makes you feel rushed to pick ingredients. Will definitely come back.
5	This place is amazing!! I love the fact that you can create your own stir fry and try all the different veggies, toppings, etc and find the best combo! I LOVE the bread that comes with it too!!!
1	Forty-five minutes for flavorless stir fry, really?
5	We only come here when the students are gone but we love this place!!!  I just wish it was not on campus.
4	Good... If you know what you're doing. Honestly, if you don't choose the right flavors it is going to come out bad. Choose a theme and stick with it. Other than that, the place was a little dirty, but the service was good.
4	I really LOVE this place in terms of food and the variety of options you have with creating your own stir-fry.   The food is prepared for you very quickly too, even when they are busy.   What I can't stand about this place is that they ALWAYS sit us directly next to other people.   And when I mean next to other people, I mean right up on top of them.  There is a lot of seating but we always end up next to people, regardless.   It's close enough that you can't have a comfortable conversation with the person you are with.  They need to change that.  Otherwise, it's a great place to have a meal.
2	The stir fry is decent. If you aren't very confident in your own stir fry ability, then I suppose this place is a good once-in-a-while excursion (especially the sauces). Provided you don't have any food allergies. Although they claim to cook orders for people with food allergies in separate woks, there have been a couple of times when I or someone in my party got the wrong order. Along with that, there is a lot of mess and cross contamination when people are loading up their bowls.But if you do decide to take the plunge, the roti bread and the mu-shu options are pretty good. $15 good? Maybe not for me.
4	Good qualityGood variety of choicesI have had brunch, lunch and dinner at this place and absolutely love it :)
4	each one can only pick up once, and can also take out if one can not finish, so just suggest to pick up more at the first time~P.S students can have $1 discount
1	This gets1 star due to pricing and because this is the ONLY restaurant I have been to where they charge you DOUBLE for sharing your food with your spouse!  They literally tried charging me double the price for the same amount of food my friends received because I shared my bowl with my spouse.  I argued my point and only paid the normal amount but they said "now you know for next time".  There will be no next time for me.
4	Flat Top Grill is one of the best places to go on a weeknight. I have gone with friends and my girlfriend many times and every time it is delicious. Every time I have made my own stir fry which I seem to perfect the more I eat there. Make sure to load up on vegetables and meat because you only get one shot to make it count. For the price you can get four separate meals if you make your bowls the right way. The sauces are good and the bread is heavenly. Get the bread. If you haven't been there yet it is worth the trip.
1	Looked on their web site and went there for their Sunday breakfast, got there at 10:40 and they were setting up for Lunch.   They said they opened at 11:00, we said we were there for the Sunday breakfast, they responded that they have not done that since sometime in the summer.  We mentioned that their web site said htey still did it and the response was that corporate had not fixed it yet.Caused us to miss the breakfast buffet at other places.Very poor attitude and no offer of "I'm sorry, we need to get that taken care of."
2	overpriced and complicated.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. I used to enjoy Flattop, a couple of years ago Flattop really wasn't bad at all! You filled a bowl with vegetables, beans, rice, and sauce. You'd fill a smaller bowl with your choice of meats, then leave them on the side for them to be stir fried into really delicious meal. That is not the case anymore, now you get back a  bowl of really BLAND, overcooked stuff. It doesn't even taste like stir fry, just like a bunch of dried up random bits of food. I had convinced my friend to go here instead of Chipotle and then felt really embarrassed when he had to get up to get extra sauce from the station because his food was that dry. The meal was so bad and took so long, the least I could do was pay for both our meals. Never again will I be coming back here.
1	The food there is unclean. My stomach feels bad after eating at there and I will never go this place again!
3	This is a chain that allows you to create your own stir fry. I love the options for ingredients which always seem pretty fresh and sauces and the veggie "meat" options are outstanding but the bowl is VERY small for $12.99. I think a better price would be the lunch price of $8.99 and unlimited for $12.99. I would go more often if it weren't so expensive.
3	The restaurant of last resort.
3	To start being carded was funny. But that is what some places do. Flat Top is a decent make your own stir fry. Grab your bowl and fill it up with whatever you like and as much  as you like, Witnessed a young lady prepare enough in her bowl to last a week. But if it fits do it. Place meat in a separate bowl leave on counter and wait for the cook to prepare. Decent food the rice was scary as it looked as if it had been there over night. We did get a freshly cooked bowl and it tasty smokey. Ok place nothing special.
1	I waited a while to write my review to make sure this was actually what I wanted to say. These kids running this donkey show pissed me the hell off. It was just after 4 on a Saturday and we came in to have what I thought would be the only intelligent offering in a town full of children. Right! We were seated and I was one of 4 guests in the building. Our drink order was taken, and because I was in my booth so tight that I didn't want to get up to show my I.D. I changed my order to Sierra Mist! I guess the 4 inches of grey hair hanging from my chin wasn't proof enough that I am not only old enough to drink. But I am also old enough to operate an electric wheel chair! But that had nothing to do with the annoyance factor that was brewing. The kid explained what we had to do and we went on our way. Now I love rice. So much so that I could eat that alone as my meal. Both the white and brown rice tubs were completely empty! So I asked for some and was told they would bring it right out. Then I was told to make my bowl and they would bring it out when it was ready. So I asked a simple question. If you bring it out after the meal is cooked. Than the rice will still be white! With no flavor from what I put in the bowls. Three people told me that it would take 25 minutes to cook the damn rice and they all thought it was hysterical. The manager. A young girl with her hair pulled back to give her that look of authority kept pacing back and forth through the restaurant like she actually had something important to offer. The rice. Is an, if not thee essential part of what this chains menu is built upon! And then you do a group huddle to laugh about it. Now I could see my bowl from across the restaurant sitting on the edge of the griddle. When about thirty people walk in. The cook is still scraping the grill from the time I walked in the door and I knew what was going to happen next. Bowl after bowl about 8 inches higher than the rim were pushing mine further and further away from getting cooked. That's was it. I'm the dude in the Snickers commercial that needs to be fed. But. I kept my cool. Just not my Snidely Whiplash remarks. Every time a server walked by, I asked if the rice was ready yet? I cut the time of that rice down to 15 minutes and that shit was scorched like their underwear after a weekend binge! Of course when it came out I was finished with my meal. I thought that it would be fun to visit a college town and take in some sights. Fuck You! I told my buddy to get the car and lets get the hell out of here!
3	So this is one of those places where you can create your own sort of masterpiece of food; you can make your own stir fry, wrap, soup, or mu-shu. You add rice and various meat and veggies. Then you can top it off with sauces such coconut curry. They have a wide array of things. I think one of the issues is that you can possibly make something that doesn't taste very good; but that's the fun with experimenting. I'll have to say that the meat was fairly subpar. However, the rest of the food and service was fairly good. It costs $11 for lunch.
1	The first time we went to Flat Top was great. We had a large group of our family and some we're vegetarian and some we're not do this place for all of our dietary needs. However, we Haven't been back in a while because during the next couple visits it got to where it would take 30-45min to get food and the last time it was dirty, tables, floors and seats all had food particles all over. On out last visit, and it will be our last, our food came quickly but it wasn't even cooked. Most items on the bar were still frozen and were all but thawed when arrived at the table. When we said something to our server, she said that is how it should be. Great concept but this location is doomed if they don't get it right. Can't believe it's still open. We didn't finish out lunch and walked next door to Penn Station for lunch. Flat Top went from great to Very disappointing
1	This place is overpriced and bland! I give that flat bread a star best thing on the plate. Takes waay too long to get your food and the options that I picked DIDNT end up on my plate. I will NEVER go there again! booooooo! :(
