2	Ramen bar was Ok. Having had a lot of Japanese noodle previously in different places, I might have expected too much from the authentic vibe that i got from the initial look of the restaurant. I liked the clean taste of their soup bases and noodles, but was very disappointed in the amount of vegetables and toppings they put on for how much I paid (some of which cost extra $1, and noodle itself was 9-10 dollars )...considering chewing fresh vegetables and meat w noodle at the same time is a big part of the Japanese ramen experience. The restaurant does have a good atmosphere  (good lighting too) and decorations.
3	The most important thing you need to know about the ramen bar is that they do not serve the Tonkotsu broth. Tonkotsu broth is the thick, white broth that we've come to associate Japanese ramen with. While there are a variety of innovative ramen dishes, such as kimchee ramen and spicy egg drop ramen offered at the restaurant, we left feeling disappointed. I understand that the Tonkotsu broth is by far the most time-consuming and difficult ramen to pull off, but really it's the biggest draw for ramen lovers. I don't mind paying $11 for a bowl of al dente noodles with rich broth, but it better be really good. Considering that the restaurant is doing a soft opening this week, I hope that they will gather feedback from their patrons and make the appropriate improvements.
3	I love asian food.  I love new restaurants.  I love soup.  I love ramen, and if you're out there reading this, I love you too.  But I hate bad service.  While we were quickly seated family style at a giant dark wood stained table, we waited over 20 minutes for the staff to stop chatting and take our order.  After that, it was another 30 minutes before we got served our ramen, which was particularly frustrating because we saw patrons that got there after us getting served before us.  The food was interesting, tasty generous portions, and reasonably priced, and the servers were friendly and enthusiastic.  Ramen bar just opened this week and they clearly have some kinks to work out in their speed and service before they're ready for prime time.  They're worth another try after they've had time to perfect their craft, but if they can't get their speed up, in the future I will speed right by them.
2	Not worth your money. They skimp on the meat, they don't give you an egg, and broth isn't as flavorful or rich as other ramen places.
4	I think I found all the Asians (and Asian-food lovers) in Pittsburgh---they are at Ramen Bar!  The place was absolutely PACKED on Friday night.  We got seated at the one big communal table (they have individual tables too) and met some fellow ramen lovers.  They just opened so service was very choppy and the menu is still on photocopied pieces of paper that they asked us to share 1 copy of.  The menu consists of "make your own ramen" (pick soup base, type of ramen, extra toppings like egg, corn, nori, etc for a dollar each) or a number of specialty ramens (like kim chee ramen).   All shortcomings with the service was forgiven as a HUGE bowl of steaming hot ramen with all of my requested fixings appeared before me.  Not the most amazing bowl of ramen I have ever had, but it really hit the spot on that cold December night.And if the owners are reading, I suggest switching from the plastic ladles (not good dipped into boiling hot broth) to the traditional Asian soup spoon!
2	Excellent service, clean tasteful decor, but poor food. Not a great experience by my standards . I had negi ramen, friend had ajo ramen. The old vegetables and meager chunks of pork in both our dishes were disappointing. My miso broth was tasty, friend's ajo ramen broth was strange. I might come back a second time, but would not rave about this place.
2	As ramen joints go, I have seen better.  Not the best ramen I have had but not the worst either.  The portions are good but the broth was a bit bland.  Everyone at my table had to ask for extra flavor (hot sauce) and we all ended up using soy sauce too.  There were a decent number of veggie in the soup.  The egg on top was a pre-soft boiled egg (not cooked on top of the bowl as I have seen in some other ramen bars). Each bowl seemed to have a good amount of veggies in each bowl.  I was unpleasantly surprised to hear that they use chicken broth in their miso base soup.  Why spoil a good thing?  Miso is a great stand alone flavor, I don't get it.  Make sure you ask for the veggie broth when you come if you need to as isn't on the menu.
4	Am absolutely stoked that Pittsburgh has got its own dedicated ramen bar now. I think the only other Japanese related craze we now need to get on is an izakaya bar (Japanese tapas... for the most excellent small plate Asian restaurant in Pittsburgh, try Tamari's happy hour... cannot be beat for price and quality). This place has all the right moves, and reasonable prices to boot. I know it might be sticker shock to pay $11 for a bowl of noodle soup, but these bowls are HUGE. And delicious.If you are expecting the more traditional fatty pork broth, you won't find it here, but that might be for the best, given your New Year's resolutions. Their broths are plenty good regardless, with a choice between shoyu (soy), miso, and plain salted broth. I thought the miso was a bit too potent for my taste, and prefer the shoyu. It has a subtle flavor that builds over the course of the meal.Ultimately, the ajo ramen is my favorite, even though it's not exactly "authentic." If you like garlic, you'll love this. And if you love someone who loves garlic, well... let's just say that you'll be safe from vampires after dinner.Apps are relatively expensive, given the quantity, but the noodle bowls are enough for a full meal. Staff is very friendly and attentive, although they can get a bit behind when they are swamped.
4	Excellent service and great ramen!I went to Ramen Bar on a Friday night with my girlfriend. We had an AMAZING server who ensured that ever detail was covered and the menu was thoroughly explained. I ordered a Ramune Japanese soda, which was a nice touch and we started with an order of gyoza. The flavor was great and I especially loved the dipping sauce. The vegetable ramen with pork was delicious as a main course.All-in-all this was an awesome friday night date choice. The service was excellent, the food was good, and the atmosphere made me feel like I had made a hip choice for the evening. If the price had been slightly lower I would probably make this a weekly occurrence.
4	I don't get all o the gripes. This is not New York or Tokyo and if you're expecting Pittsburgh to suddenly live up to that then it might be time to move on. That being said the Ramen was delicious and the staff went out of their way to make sure we were happy.I can't speak for their specialty ramen, we had the roasted pork miso ramen and the ramen with regular broth and dumplings. Miso is my personal fave and it was rich and delicious with perfectly chewy noodles and a nicely done soft boiled egg. This place is an excellent addition to the often mediocre/awful Asian food scene. Based on my fellow yelpers maybe consistency is an issue but give this place a chance!
4	lucky us to have this place in Sq. hill among the ever growing restaurant scene..I thoroughly enjoyed by soup with roast pork and had enough for leftovers.. Bravo.
4	We came late on a Saturday night and did not have to wait at all.The service was both up and down. We had some staff who were incredibly friendly and out going while our main waitress was gruffy and looked like she wanted to beat someone up but her mood seemed to lighten up towards the end.Their gyozas were good, and I ordered their Ajo or garlic ramen as my main. If you love garlic, you will enjoy this dish as much as I do though I might not suggest this dish for a first date, unless you bring some gum! The portions are large, the meat/egg and vegetables were cooked fine, and the broth itself had dried garlic chips and a handful of whole garlic cloves so you will be all about garlic.This was perfect for a cold night, and BYOB.
1	This was pretty sad.  I may have had high expectations, having eaten at some of the best ramen restaurants in Tokyo and in NYC.  They have a wonderful night shot of Shibuya on the wall, so I thought "wow, these guys must know Japanese ramen, this is going to be good!"   I was wrong, in fact it is far worse than I could have imagined. I was not even able to finish the simple miso ramen's broth.  It was that bad.  Ugh!I ordered gyoza with my meal and they were brought out with the ramen, but they were cold.  Can you believe it?  It's simple when the gyoza are done, bring them out and serve them.  They weren't busy, so there was no excuse.  I also asked for garlic to add to the miso ramen, the garlic chips are supposed to be that, fried crispy chips.  It's not too difficult to do that.  What they brought was burnt, soggy and nasty.  Nonetheless, one would think that a ramen restaurant's ramen would have been better than that $7 per package of Shimadaya Miso Ramen from the Japanese market's freezer section - it's not. Save your money, buy the Shimadaya Miso Ramen instead.If this is the best that Pittsburgh has to offer, maybe I'll open a ramen shop.
4	I spend a lot of time in Squirrel Hill and was incredibly excited to see a ramen place about to open. I've been eating home-style ramen since I was little (with a slight dip in ramen standards during my college years), and I was eager to start incorporating tasty ramen back into my diet. My friend and I stopped by every day to see if it was open yet for lunch...imagine our disappointment when the soft opening was only during the evenings.We finally made it on a Wednesday night last month, armed with 1.5 liters of cheap sake. The staff was super nice, and willing to explain the menu in detail. We sat at the bar, next to a few couples and a friendly group of guys. I had the ma-po-tofu ramen, which reminded me a lot of the Chinese dish, and my friend had the spicy vegetable ramen with roasted pork. The combination of cold weather, the long wait for the place to finally open, and the sake made this ramen experience really enjoyable.About halfway through the meal, we realized that 1.5 liters of booze was about 1 liter too much, so we ended up giving the rest to the group of guys at the table. All in all, I really enjoyed my meal and definitely plan on going back frequently.
2	We went on a Saturday for lunch. I had the spicy vegetable ramen with miso base, with additional tofu and egg. The bowl of ramen was huge, but was not as flavorful as I had hoped. The egg was soft-boiled and had a nice runny yolk, which was delicious, but the tofu was plain... I was hoping for fried tofu, something more than just out-of-the-carton.The service was initially great, a college-aged guy who was very attentive and polite. However, as we were finishing our meal, an older guy who seemed like he might be the manager took over serving our table. He was brusque and was obviously trying to rush us. I wanted the remainder of my food boxed to go, and he tried to take our food without asking how everything was or if we were done. When I made clear that I wanted the remainder to go, he placed my dish of hot sauce with the underside resting ON my food. Ew.
4	Squirrel Hill, here we are looking at this place called Ramen Bar and me and my wife wondered what is Ramen Bar.  Is it the stuff that you get from Top Ramen.  Is there something more about it?  Lets go in and find out.We both ordered a Vegtable heavy Ramen noodle dish and we ordered two extras Shrimp and Pork Dumplings.  The Pork dumplings were wonderful delicious wantons and they were absoluetly wondeful.The shrimp beware!  Do not order these.  You get four shrimp for 2 beans alright enough, but they have the tails still on them.  Ok you say I like a whole shrimp.  No no no I mean the shell of the tail.  Oh yum just what you want to eat.  A shrimp shell.  Yummie yummie that hard texture in your tummy.  Worse yet then you can burn yourself when the soup which is pipping hot and you go, ew I don't want these.Worse yet, asking for take out, they seperate the soup from the noodles.  So you have a container of soup and a container of ramen.  Just what you wanted right?  Right?So why 4 stars?  Starters service was EXCELLENT, I mean she was hopping and bobbing and right on top of everything.  I really was glad to be treated as a valued customer and not like some shmoo.Pricing is reasonable with 9 dollar bowls and 2 dollars for extras.  That's good soup!Seating arrangements is spacious and there's plenty of room around.  Overall its a good place to go and I'd go again.  And by the way it's homemade Ramen not Top Ramen there.
5	our little family( me,my husband, and our lil daughter) love love love this place.the soup is flavorful; it may not be spicy hot, but the joy of  good ingredients (yolks on those eggs..freshety- fresh broccoli...) and skillful, loving preparation is all there.whoever complained this not being ny- or tokyo- enough, i have to say this-- the whole experience strongly recalls honolulu( which has its very vibrant asian cuisine scene) .and the person who disagreed w noodles getting packed in separate container from the broth- have you ever tried to eat noodles soaked in broth for however long it takes for you to get hungry again? someone actually took their time to separate said items thus preventing a soggy mess of broth and noodles.overall, place kicks some serious butt. the athmosphere and decor are sort of retro- romantic- dreamscape honolulu/osaka escape from just about anywhere.thanks for being here, ramen bar !!!
4	I'm not really a connoisseur of Japaense food, but I do have taste-buds, and you better believe that they don't lie.  I had a great time dining at Ramen Bar.  It's a clean, modern-looking establishment with relatively decent service and a good selection of food choices on their menu.  I had the ajo Ramen which was flavorful and spicy hot in the way I like it.  Sriracha sauce came out promptly as I pre-emptively asked for, which automatically deserves an extra star in my book.  Service can improve a bit, though.  I felt like things were just a bit too slow at times, though I bet some of that has to do with the popularity of this place.  It gets packed!
4	Not the best ramen I've ever had in the world, but for Pittsburgh, it's the best you're going to get. It's a nice change for a casual dinner on a cold night. The ajo soup is outstanding if you can tolerate smelling like garlic all night ;-). The service is spotty. I've had one really good server there and one frosted flake. The portions are large which should make Yinzers who want more bang for their buck smile - this is definitely a doggy bag situation.  My only suggestion would be to offer a rice noodle option for those who are gluten free.
3	I'm so into noodles. I love me a big carb-o-licious pile of noodles! So the concept of this joint really spoke to me. I saw the three star rating with proceeded with caution, but I really wanted it to impress me. I enjoy that you can pretty much "build your own ramen" bowl. I wanted lots of veggies and shrimp. So with that I ordered the spicy veggie bowl with shrimp. Simple, right?It comes in a ginormous bowl that you couldn't possibly finish in one sitting. No problem, I'm okay with leftovers. Everything looked perfect. Lots of veggies, lots of noodles and fresh shrimp. But... the flavor. It was not there. You can choose between the soy or miso based broth. Maybe that's where I went wrong. I find that sometimes I'm not into miso broth, so I went with the soy base. Was that the mistake then for real? Not sure, but what I was sure of is that it was off. It just needed some oomph. Sad, because like I said, I really wanted it to be something. I think with my leftovers I'm going ot pepper it up (literally, with pepper) and try and spice it up a bit. Will I be back? Maybe, but I'll order something different and give it another go round.
5	Environment: 5/5Food: 5/5Service: 4/5Price: 4/5We came here late on a Friday night. They were about half full at 10pm with customers still coming in the front door. My boyfriend was a bit trepidatious about the menu because he loves noodles but isn't a big fan of brothy dishes. We ordered "Chicken Karage", "Yom Yam Men", and "Tan Tan Men". The dishes arrived with just a little wait. The karage was extremely juicy with a great creamy dipping sauce. My boyfriend was pleasantly surprised by how much he liked the tan tan men. He ordered it with chicken and broccoli, but decided that next time he'd skip the chicken and double the veggies because they really stole the show with how well they paired with the spicy broth. The yom yam men is reminiscent of vietnamese noodle bowls with its lightly spiced broth and heaping cilantro. Unlike most vietnamese dishes expect lots of delish veggies rather than tons of meat. Really hit the spot for me.The prices were pretty reasonable for the large amount of food. You don't go over $10 a dish unless you add extra toppings. I really enjoyed the experience and would recommend it to friends. We'll probably be back next month.
3	I may be spoiled having lived in Seattle last year and had some amazing ramen there and I was really excited to see this place open, but I was so disappointed.  I ordered the kim chi ramen that comes with chicken, kim chi, and green onions with a shoyu base.  There only 2 choices for base in the whole menu, shoyu or miso, which is disappointing.  I agree with others that it is lacking the tonkotsu base which authentic ramen places typically have.  Also the extra ingredients al la carte list is really limited, though when I asked about fish cakes and mushrooms (not on the list) they actually did have them and let me add them (though didn't have different varieties of fish case or mushrooms as most places would have).  I'm really glad I added extra because the amount of chicken I was given was pathetic--just a few miniscule pieces of poor quality chicken (gristly, dry, all dark meat).  The green onions were also few and cut longways in huge pieces.  And there was only a few pieces of kim chi apparent.  And the sauce other than the flavor of the kim chi was completely bland.  It tasted like boiling water with a little bit of kim chi flavor in it.  It was thin and not complex or interesting at all.  And after spending $15 on it, it is much pricier than much better ramen I've had elsewhere.  The decor was nice and service friendly, but not enough to make up for the disappointing ramen :(UPDATE:  I went back again and will upgrade this to 3 stars since what I had this time was much better and more flavorful.  I think it was called the Yan Tan Men? and it had ground beef and spinach with a spicy orange broth.  I don't know what was in the broth exactly but it was way more tasty and flavorful than what I had last time.  But my issues from the earlier review still remain.  I think this place has potential though and I'll give it some time.
4	I live near Ramen Bar, and there's nothing better on a cold day than a big warm bowl of ramen. (Except, perhaps, a warm bowl of pho -- I go back and forth on this point. Regardless, I appreciate the noodle renaissance we're going through in SqHill.)Ramen Bar's menu is a lot of hit and very little miss. I really enjoy the standard ramen (shoyu base) and the wontonmen (shoyu base), both of which come with a delicious slice of roast pork. Of all the optional toppings, I've only tried the egg -- I found it to be very nicely cooked, and appreciated what it added to the dish.The special ramen provide different takes on the dish. Of the many offerings, I like the Wu and Ajo; however, with any of the specials, I find myself missing the roast pork of the standard offering.The only miss for me was the gyoza appetizer, which is somewhat boring. I've steered away from the appetizers since.The only downside for me is the price; at $10 / bowl, it's a bit expensive. I would eat here more often if there were a smaller portion at a $7 price point.
2	Cool decoration, cool concept, but why the food is not good . Over cooked noodle , fake broth , I mean I can taste it was made with  some type of concentrate adding hot water and everyone on our table end up adding hot sauce and soy sauce in order to not waste the over priced  food we need to pay later. I was excited when I saw they are open thinking finally we got a ramen place, but what a waste of good concept and good decoration . I still need to go to LA to have a decent ramen .........
3	I had a tan tan noodle there. It was good. But I think that they are kind of on the price side. I never been in the noodle store that you have to pay extra for every single ingredient they added in there when you already paid almost $10 fo a bowl of noodle.
4	I really enjoyed my experience here. There is a neat little seating area right by the window for two that is bar-style and looks out on the street. The ramen is good, though the pork was a little fatty for my desires. The broth was delicious, and overall was a great dining experience. Huge portions, and great food quality. It's the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.
4	I love asian food.  I love new restaurants.  I love soup.  I love ramen, and if you're out there reading this, I love you too.When I first tried Ramen bar right after they opened they were a little slow, having been back a few times since, the food's been consistently great, and the service and speed are now excellent.  I'd come here anytime, and the menu is varied enough that there's a wide variety of styles to try (and customize).  I almost look forward to cold days now as a perfect excuse to warm up with a massive cauldron of Ramen's Bar's delicious creations!
2	I was very excited to try the new Ramen Bar in Squirrel Hill. I was sadly disappointed with my food.The broth had GREAT flavor but the chicken and vegetables were BLAND.It tasted like the chicken and veggies had absoloutely no seasoning.The atmosphere was okay.The weight staff was extremely nice and helpful.
3	I should preface this by saying it is nice to have a place in Pittsburgh that serves ramen.  However that being said, I was disappointed by the broth options - either miso or shoyu but not the rich, fatty pork broth that I am used to getting on the West Coast.  Might be good for the health but to me somehow I feel like it's not quite right.
3	The noodle soup tastes ok. I have had better ones before. The soup doesn't come with enough toppings unless you pay extras for more, which is kind of stupid...
4	I ordered two dishes, the fried chicken appetizer and the chashu (?) ramen which consisted of extra pork in a syoszu (spelling) soup.  I added extra wontons for fun.The fried chicken was awesome.  Tasted great and the orange mayo they had was good.  I definitely see myself ordering this everytime I come here.The pork in the chashu ramen was good.  The noodles does have the same taste/texture as the ramen noodles I am use to bring home.  However, I didn't really care for the broth.  It still tasted great overall but I feel the broth can be better.What's up with Pittsburgh and wontons?  Everywhere I go, including this place, the wonton sucks.  It is mainly wrapper with a little meat.  All I taste is wrapper.  If you go anywhere in California, wontons are wontons with meat inside.  I'm paying for wontons, not wonton wrappers.I wish they added pictures to their menu.  We had to run outside to look at their sign that had photos of their dish.  I didn't really think the restaurant look anything amazing.  I did wish the waiter was more attentive.  I didn't get a refill for water until after I was done.But I do want to come back and give their other dishes a try.  They have potential.
4	nice place!!!
3	Ordered one of their specialty ramen bowls, the curry one. Broth was good enough and not spicy at all by asian standards. Beef came as sliced and frankly quite dry. Also ordered their gyoza (pot-stickers). They looked nice but tasted OK.Overall not a bad place to go.
5	Amazing food. Loved the service and music. Highly recommend this place!
3	I decided to head to the Ramen Bar after work because it has been on my "must try" list of restaurants in Squirrel Hill. I was a bit apprehensive about ordering Ramen noodles for 9-11 dollars. I mean really, they are .25 cents at the store! But I decided to forgo my penny pinching ways and just go to the Ramen Bar. When I walked in the host station was in the back of the restaurant, odd, but not off putting in any way. I walked toward it and the one server/host asked me, with a bit of a weird tone, what I needed. Now, maybe she meant take out or dine in, but that question was just a bit odd to me. I told her that I wanted to sit down and eat, and that it was just me and my other party was on their way. She told me to sit anywhere. I sat and looked over the menu. Simple and to the point. I ordered some pot stickers and the Curry Ramen. The pot stickers were amazing. Such a great flavor, the perfect combination of a sweet and meaty taste. They came six to an order and they were a big six. The Curry Ramen was very good. The broth was delicious even if I was expecting it to be a little spicier. But while it was not spicy it was still flavorful. The pork was done perfectly and plenty of it in the bowl! No skimping around here! The vegetables were done so they still had shape and texture to them but still cooked thoroughly. I almost ate my entire bowl! It was very filling and really a good time.The food was good, don't get me wrong, but would I make it a regular spot to go back to? No probably not. But would I go again? Yes, I would. .
3	If you like ramen noodles, you will like theirs. If you love a good bowl of ramen, this won't be on your list of favorite bowls ever, but its plenty good. The noodle bowls are enormous, but some seem a bit light on toppings. I had the miso broth and enjoyed it a lot.
5	I was strolling by on a Saturday mid-afternoon when I came across this place. Upon looking at the pics of various dishes posted outside and realizing that this was more than a few steps up from the packaged Ramen on which I survived in college, I decided to venture in.I was greeted very pleasantly. I ordered a cocount curried soup with wheat noodles and beef. Although the beef was a little tough I though the soup was delicious. It wasn't too sweet or too bland but imo had just the right flavor and spice. The place had a pleasant decor. I would have preferred either outdoor seating or more windows on the front for outdoor viewing but all of that was really minor.My dish was excellent not to mention I was able to leave it in my car all night (something I try not to practice), heat it up the next morning adding two hard-boiled eggs to it, and indulge it with no problems. The price at around $10 wasn't bad considering the serving size. Finally, the service was excellent as the guy serving my food was pleasant and genuine. Verdict: I'll be returning to try their other dishes.
1	This review is based solely on the fact that the four waters we received all had debris floating in them.I'm not sure if their dishwasher needs to have its filter changed or if their dish washing staff isn't doing a very good job. In any case, we left prior to making orders.
1	Despite that All my friends told me Not to go to this place, I walked in anyway just for the curiosity that how a ramen place can be so bad? The moment me and my wife saw our noodles, I regret right away....Anyone with common sense would know that Japanese ramen is made of pork bone broth, the ramen my wife got has a thick chick broth oil on the top, and it's so salty that she couldn't finish 1/3 of it given the circumstances that she was extremely hungry! And my ramen was even worse, I can't believe that they use canned meat (from chinese supermarket) pour over the ramen for the price of 8 dollars!  Huge disappointment !  I recognize the smell of the canned meat cuz that's what I eat when I m lazy at home.....Oh well, I ask for it I guess... At least I know now why everyone around me told me "Don't go" so .... If you are also a curious George, just order the Mapo ramen to take out and compare to your canned meat from maybe Lotus or   you will see what I meant.
3	The first time I came here it was before their grand opening, so they were more attentive to how the food turned out. I ordered the Wonton Ramen with shoyu base. It not only had wontons but came with several large pieces of pork which I was pleasantly surprised. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were a nice texture. I also ordered a Japanese Curry Beef to go. The curry was very flavorful with lots of pieces of beef and not too many onions which is nice. I dislike curry with too many onions. The second time I came here I ordered the Mabo Ramen which is essentially Mapo Tofu with Ramen. I expected it to come out more like a sauce but it came out as a soup instead. It was okay. Not as good as the Wonton one but decent.The third time I came, I was disappointed. It was a few weeks after their grand opening so I guess they became less attentive to the food. I ordered the Midori Yasai Ramen. It was basically just ramen topped with a bunch of boiled vegetables. Not much flavor to it. What disappointed me the most were the noodles. They came out extremely soft and way too soggy. Overcooked noodles are very off-putting.
2	I love this restaurants food and was super excited about their delivery option. It's been two hours and my food still hasn't arrived and we've called twice! Dine in is ok, but avoid delivery!
3	Based upon the reviews and information from friends, I gave a try.  As a native Japanese who loves ramen noodles, I would rate the taste as 3 stars.  The reasons are;1) the soup does not have much 'broth" taste and it is covered much by miso (I ordered miso ramen) to make it up.  Not bad but I wish I could taste the broth (either chicken or pork bone base with some vegetables).  2) Ratio of noodle and soup was not well balanced.  As a ramen lover who has eaten many ramens in Japan, the volume of noodle was low.  I would like to be full with more noodle than soup.  3) The sliced pork was too thick and does not have much flavor.  They call it chasyu but the size and the thickness were way too big for the authentic ramen topping.  The sliced pork for the authentic Japanese ramen is seasoned with; soy, sake, mirin, sugar, ginger, garlic, scallion, and simmer the whole block for a few hours, then thinly sliced like a ham.  The authentic ramen usually comes with 1-2 slices while Chasyu-men serves with 4-5 slices.  This thick slice was dry, tasteless, and not fun to eat.4) The negi (green onion) was also too thick.  Again, the authentic ramen noodles do not have thick sliced green onions.  They usually served with thinly sliced ones.5) Menma (seasoned bamboo shoots) was probably not homemade.  That's OK even in Japan, menma is not always homemade.  It was not too bad.Here is a good one I can defend.1) Seasoned eggs were pretty good.  They were not hard boiled; still soft inside and nicely seasoned with soy base sauce.  2) The entire volume was very generous.  I was thinking about ordering soy-base ramen as an extra (shoyu ramen) but one bowl of miso was enough.  This is my only first try and I won't judge this potentially good restaurant with a negative thoughts, therefore, I would rate as 3 stars for now.  There are many other items I would love to try.  If this place wants to serve the real and authentic Japanese style ramen noodle, they probably need a little more research and improve the smaller details.  Again, I am a native Japanese and knows about ramen probably more than the average diners there, thus, my criticism may sound too much and too picky but since they sell Japanese style ramen, I needed to say what I thought.  I will visit again soon.
5	I love this place! I have been several times and have yet to be dissapionted. everything it tasty. The spicy vegetable is delicious and the tan tan men was out of this world! I usually ask for them to leave the meat out of my dishes becasue I just have a weird thing with meat in soup but the groud beef in the tan tan man was great.
4	Really good food, and you get lots of it but the down fall is its price and you have to pay extra for almost everything
1	Food is probably 3 stars, but the service ruins the experience. There's a white guy with glasses and a jew-fro who wears a red shirt and has a horrible attitude. We were in awe of how much he seemed to hate being there. That guy needs to be fired.
4	HUGE bowls of soup - the leftovers were another meal - good choices, nice atmosphere, delicious food.
4	Anyone who has never had "real" ramen (just the packaged "impasta"... ha ha, get it?) needs to come and check this place out!  I will admit, this was only my second go with the legit noodle experience, but I was with someone who lived in Japan for three years and was impressed with the authenticity.  There were three of us and we each tried a different kind (Chashu Ramen & Negi Ramen both with the miso broth and the specialty Kimchi Ramen) with a couple add-on's of egg and bamboo shoots.  Was this the best broth I have ever tasted? No. But was it delicious, full of flavor, and more than enough food to fill me up? Yes!  I actually couldn't finish my bowl and the waiter was nice enough to separate my noodles and broth when he packaged up the leftovers so they wouldn't get mushy.  If nothing else, I don't know how anyone could not find enjoyment out of slurping up the noodles with their chopsticks.  I will definitely be back here, especially in the cold winter months!
4	Ramens pretty good. Broth is pretty light so it tastes.. healthier? Isn't too busy either so it's a good place to get some quick noodles.
5	Great spicy veggie soup. Service is quick and friendly!
3	Really wanted to like this place, but it was just ok-- not bad, but not good either. Will we go again? Maybe if we're desperately craving ramen.We tried the Shoyu ramen and the Shoyu Chasu ramen. The broth is just missing some depth. There was no layer of fat/greasiness that you usually see in a bowel of ramen like this. It was maybe a step above soy sauce and water. Also they nickel and dime you for toppings that should be standard, like an egg and nori. The pricing leaves you paying $12-14 for a bowel of "meh" ramen. With that said, they do have a lot of other noodle choices that could be better. But our first experience here trying the standard was not that great.
3	The ramen is not very good if you are truly wanting a tasty bowl of ramen BUT I think I will be back here in the winter for a nice, big bowl of noodle soup.
3	Ramen Bar is a welcome addition of Japanese food to the Pittsburgh area. Unfortunately, me and my roommate are both from California, so we have very high expectations of ramen.The portion were a bit on the small side, and the flavor wasn't anything spectacular. They charge extra for things that are usually given in normal ramen--like egg, etc. The decor was cute and the servers were nice. The food wasn't anything special though so I doubt I will feel a need to head back to Ramen Bar with so many better Asian restaurants surrounding it.
4	Sehr leckere Ramensuppen. Wir waren sehr zufrieden.
4	I like the ambience in this restaurant -- it's dark and subdued. For large groups, there's a huge table available in the back which is kind of communal seating. It worked well for our group of six although the stretch was a bit long for sharing appetizers. Speaking of which, I would recommend the garlic edamame which was delicious. Food wise, the portions are huge so prepare to split something or take leftovers home. I'm not exactly a Ramen connoisseur, but I enjoyed my meal thoroughly and plan to go back again.
4	The food is great and a good value.  The delivery service has gotten better but can be slow on the weekends.
4	I don't go to Ramen Bar very often because my very own, what I thought was original, (delicious!) miso broth recipe tastes identical to their miso broth, but it's a great spot for a comforting bowl of soup. The ramen is not vegan, but they have rice noodles they can substitute. And they have and use TONS of veggies, which is how they sometimes win over my home version. A little pricy, but they don't skimp on ingredients.
4	First time visiting this place and it was a good impression. The employees was really friendly & we was seated right away. The ramen was good.. And the portion was cool too. Pricing is decent also. We go there every 2 weeks so I guess it's a pretty good place lol
4	Life is about second chances.  I tried Ramen Bar again.  Service much better, the gyoza were good and hot.  The best thing was the miso ramen, it was actually quite good and I finished it.  Maybe not the best ramen shop in the world, but it's worth visiting.  Good on them for striving to improve.
2	Quite mediocre.  I got the Ajo ramen bowl. The flavor was fine, but nothing spectacular.  The thing that annoyed me was that given the price, you should get some "extras" with it. All of the garnishes that make for a good ramen all cost extra.  The noodles are not fresh, but rather the kind that you'll get in a $0.10 brick.  I've been to three ramen places in pittsburgh, and this is my least favorite.
4	Although I'm sure better ramen can be found elsewhere, this is as good as any I've had in Pittsburgh or Philly. Service is always good, and extremely fast (they just spoon some soup out), and the soup is consistently savory and delicious. Always hits the spot.
4	Not a huge menu and pretty much just ramen soup. Good flavor to the curry and kimchi soups. Good prices, fairly small place, and quick service. Recommend for the price point and lunch.
4	So simple yet so good! They let you build your own bowl of ramen with your choice of meats, broth, and many add ons for about a dollar like a hard boiled egg or vegetables. A little pricey though, typically a bowl of noodle soup was like $9-11 without any add ons but it is still a definite must try!
4	Nom nom. Good Asian food is hard to come by in this city and this was definitely a contender. A large bowl will feed two if you're hungry and it'll feed four if you just want something light.VENUE: Located on cute and quaint little Squirrel Hill, this place is cozy and small. Perfect for an intimate date, or a casual bite with a small group of friends. My friends and I came around dinner time and the ambience was nice. The quiet hustle and bustle of the kitchen didn't detract from the overall calm atmosphere. Lighting (as with many restaurants around dinner) was dim and we were seated at a high top table large enough to seat 10. There were four of us so we shared it with two other parties. There was enough space in between the groups that it didn't feel like we were invading someone else's group nor did we feel encroached upon. I'd say most of the quietness came from the fact that everyone seemed to be enjoying their ramen too much to talk.FOOD: My friends and I split a large bowl of Spicy Veggie Ramen w/Shoyu broth. We added wontons, egg, shrimp, and tofu. It was DELICIOUS. The soup was nice and flavorful and noodles were perfectly cooked. Veggies were seasoned well. Tofu didn't fall apart, the egg was hardboiled, and wontons had a good amount of meat in them. Shrimp was good (they leave the tail for those of you like to eat every bit of it), and the whole thing gave me just enough warmth the brave the cold that night. I wish  it was spicier (as I am a self-proclaimed chili head) but for those of you who just want a little kick, this is a good pick.SERVICE: As is the case with all my friends, when we congregate sometimes we get a bit obnoxious. I think we were having a little too much fun picking and choosing from the menu and we were laughing quite a bit. We were a bit ridiculous with our order (in terms of how we wanted it to be split/served) but our server was extremely patient and helpful. The owner even recognized us as having just come from his other establishment, Rose Tea Cafe, and was even more accomodating. The bowl came out to be maybe $15? and was an excellent choice (both in taste and portion) for a hankering of something warm on a cold Pittsburgh night.
5	This was a specular experience for me.  No 3 inches of snow on the ground or frigid wind was going to come between me and my bowl of steamy hot Ramen. I credit my boyfriend with the idea to try Ramen Bar and it was well worth the two buses and tramping through the dirty sludge to get there. Ramen has been a dish I was curious about for so long one that I have seen my favorite TV personality Anthony Bourdain enjoy. I had the Tom Yam Men I made this choice because I saw in the menu description that it was Thailand inspired hot and sour broth.  I added egg and shrimp.   The shrimp was plentiful in the dish however I found myself wanting more mushrooms and the egg was hard boiled I had been hoping for a poached egg one with a runny yoke. The service was very friendly and the other dining guests there were of various ethnic backgrounds.  Ramen Bar is an A + in my book.
3	I tried it three time, they used Asian flavor which is delicious and not that much salty. It has different options of huge dishes. The place was nice and warm, it is perfect in cold weather.
3	As a 3 star suggested in yelp- it's OK.I love ramen, especially soy shoyu ramen, and I look for it every cities I stayed when I have time to. The one here:Soy soup base: no soy sauce savor, but all covered up by daikon. Don't get me wrong. I love soup base with daikon, but it's just not the right smell for "soy" soup base. The right one should come from the savor of good soy sauce and long cooked pork bones. I didn't taste strong msg tho. That's good at least.Shoyu- the pork is as hard as beef jerky and tasteless :(Topping egg: it's plain! I love how the egg is soft boiled, but it should be flavorful. It should be marinated in the cold sauce for hours/days.Overall, it's an ok place if you are really craving for a bowl of japanese raman. Just don't expect too much.
3	Being a native San Franciscan, perhaps my taste buds have been a tad spoiled by the array of noodle shops in the City. Sadly, I've found Ramen Bar to just be okay. However, if I could rate them on their ambiance and set-up in general,  I would've given them 5-stars. Everything from the beautiful backdrop of Ginza in the back to the unique lighting provides an intimate setting for a date or just a get together with a close friend. But, back on tangent...They have a nice selection of appetizers, ramen, and rice dishes. I've tried most of their rice dishes and have found them to be pretty good. Their tenshindon stands out the most, with its most fluffy eggs and tender shrimp covered in a thick sweet and tangy sauce. It's an absolute delight to my mouth and taste buds. Their curry is a bit lacking, as I can taste is the kick of the spice, but not so much in terms of actual flavor. Their ramen is acceptable. You have a choice of miso or shouyu (soy sauce) base along with you choice of toppings. There are a few set selections of ramen that you can choose from as well, if you don't feel like creating your own bowl. The noodles are on point, soft, but with a slight chew. The stock is a bit bland in comparison to a traditional bowl of ramen, where chefs try to pack as much flavor in the soup to bring the all the flavors of the toppings and noodles together. What also bugged me was the fact that their wontons were always undercooked in the part where the dough seals together, but is severely overcooked elsewhere. Overall, I was a bit disappointed, as this place looked quite promising. I'd go back for their rice dishes and the ambiance if I were in the area. However, I wouldn't venture all the way to Sq. Hill just to go there.
5	I've been here twice, ordering the shoyu negi ramen both times, and I honestly can't say I've ever had better ramen, including Brooklyn's famed Chuko. Amazing, amazing, amazingly fresh noodles and hearty, flavorful broth. And they package it separately for takeout so the noodles don't get bloated. Delicious.
2	I was in pittsburgh on vacation I was craving ramen and I thought I would give this place a try bc other yelpers posted such delicious looking pictures... My oh my were they deceiving. I had the chashu ramen in shoyu broth with an egg because it seemed like a safe bet. Overall the bowl was less than satisfactory, the aroma was meh, the egg was completely bland, broth was weak in soy flavor, and the chashu was pretty tasteless.  My favorite topping for ramen usually is menma (fermented bamboo) and somehow that was ruined- which baffles me because you can buy jars from Asian markets that taste better. The only saving grace was the noodles, which was firm and cooked just right. The miso broth my friend had was better, but not by much. I was sad when I walked out because it didnt hit the spot at all. Give it a try if you're feeling adventurous, but just know there are better ramen out there (idk about in Pittsburgh though).
3	It was my first time at Ramen Bar and it was a good experience. I got the wonton ramen with tofu and it was great! It came with pork which I thought I would like but it was just one big piece of dry pork.... No bueno. And another downside was my friend didn't enjoy her Japanese garlic fried rice (it was bland) and the waitress knew it so she avoided asking my friend if she enjoyed her meal or not. Which isn't good customer service. Other than that great spot! And if you don't like your meal just speak up! Because they sure don't care to ask.
4	Waiter was super nice, had perfect timing. Even though this isn't fancy, they really paid attention to every detail. Had the vegetable ramen with a miso base and the kimchi and tofu appetizer. Ramen was fantastic and fresh; the kimchi tasted strange (as in chemically-off?). Overall, I loved it. Great service and food for the price of my bowl :)
4	We had walked past several times (always after having eaten elsewhere) and the pictures in the window were always eye catching so finally we visited this little noodle shop yesterday for lunch. I ordered the Japanese udon noodle soup (thick udon noodles, shiitake mushrooms, green and white onions, carrots, broccoli, and chicken in a clear broth). The soup was served in a gigantic bowl, piping hot. I would have liked maybe a little more flavor to the broth but I really can't complain-it was so fresh and tasty! My dining companion ordered the curry raksa ramen (which is what I originally wanted but I thought the spice might be a little much for me and was I right!) and added an egg and chicken to it. He made the comment he would have liked the udon noodles in his dish instead of the ramen but that was his only complaint. He said it was spicy but the sweetness of the coconut curry really toned down the spice and the flavors melted together amazingly. We both can't wait to come back and try other menu items since everything looked so yummy!
4	Went there 3 times. Takoyaki is highly recommended and there is real octopus in it. The shrimp dumplings are so delicious! I like the black pepper noodle. But make sure you avoid Ten Shindon Rice unless you know what it is. Also the Chinese translation to Ten Shindon Rice is incorrect. The Japanese Udon is insipid. Will try more kinds of ramen in the future. Plus I really like the street shot of Tokyo on the wall.
4	I've had ramen here a few times. I recommend the kim chi as an add on. It is really delicious. Also, I would caution against adding the chopped garlic. I love garlic, but their food is already so falvorful.
1	I went with a larger group and there were very mixed reviews none of which were great. I personally didn't like my dish at all! I ordered a spicy soup, it tasted like mildly spiced water and left the worst taste in my mouth. I ate a third of the bowl which was all I could stomach. The curry ramen smelled somewhat decent and seemed to be the best option at the table but the overall consensus was that everything completely lacked flavor. The meat in the ramen was fatty and chewy. The service was friendly but not the fastest which was not the fault of the waiter. There appeared to be only one or two waiters in the place and maybe a busser here or there. We had reservations but waited about 30 minutes. No one took our drink order, although they don't serve alcohol so that wasn't a huge deal. I will say the egg roll appetizers were delicious but it was so small! We got 4 egg rolls that were a quarter of the size of a normal egg roll. To sum it up, thumbs down, won't go back, won't recommend.
4	The ramen bar is the first ramen place in Pittsburgh. The soup is fantastic! The noodles are ok. The appetizers are great also! I got the seafood curry it was great, but very spicy! Check this place out if you are in Squirrel Hill!
3	Expensive, but food is consistent and pretty filling. I've had alot better ramen, but in Pittsburgh, choices are limited people. So if ramen is what you're craving, this is the de facto place.
3	Very interesting place... it's called ramen bar but they offer other asian soup noodles reallys. I got the japanese udon noodles with clear broth and my husband got the ramen ramen with spicy miso broth.To start off, we always get the chicken karaage. The chicken was definitely very tender and juicy inside, but the outside wasn't crunchy enough for me. It felt a little too oily from the outside as well.The noodle bowls were BIG and will fill you up. But the broth wasn't fantastic and the noodles were just too soft for me. The egg was good though, they have the yolk a little runny stiff.
4	I have been here a few times now, and every time, the food is delicious. The staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgable about the menu and preparations.
4	I'm completely addicted to this place. It's fairly small, but we'll say it's cozy. My favorites are the vegetable ramen with the miso base (it's an extra 50 cents but worth it) and the iced green tea. Sometimes I'll get crazy and add the won-tons (you can add extra veggies, meat, etc. for additional $). The service is quick and when I've had takeout it arrives promptly.
4	Love ramen bar! This was actually my first ever experience with ramen, never having the packages stuff, and will definitely be coming back. Picked up an order of Tan Tan Men, service was quick and I was on my way. Ramen was very good, perfect level of spicy, and portions were huge (definitely enough for two meals). I will be back!
5	Quick, friendly service and delicious ramen! I had a hard time deciding which ramen to go with because they all looked and sounded so good. I ended up getting the one with garlic everything.  I think it was the Ajo ramen.  Loved it! If you love garlic and don't mind smelling/tasting like garlic after this meal, then go for it! I'm definitely going back for more!
5	I stopped by for lunch.  Only have 30 mins so its nice to get a yummmy but quickly delivered ramen.  Thanks!
4	Best Ramen in Pittsburgh!!! I went to there twice, and the ramen was so yummy. I could not love it more.
4	First all Ramen place in Pittsburgh, and for that 4-stars. Great place to go on a cold day.
5	Rarely do I venture to Asian restaurants because I never know what to order. I get scared of the chopsticks and fear that I will regret my order and end up getting worst thing at the table. Yesterday, I went to Ramen Bar for the first time due to a friends request. The staff was very friendly and helped me order something that most 'non-Asian food eaters' enjoy. The food came out quickly and was beyond amazing. The noodles, caressed in a flavorful broth, reminded me of my college days where all we could afford were ramen noodles; but these were a lot better and had  a touch of class. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the mood for something delicious and different.
5	Can't get enough of this place!  Prices are great and the service is excellent.  I've eaten here like 5 times in the past month.  One of the best places I've tried in the area.
5	A weird sequence of events brought me to the Forest Hills area last night.  When I realized I was only a few miles from Squirrel Hill and Asian food deliciousness, I knew I had to make a side adventure, and this adventure brought me to Ramen Bar.I love real ramen (now that I realize it's not the top ramen of dorm room days), but I'm far from an expert, so I asked the server for a recommendation.  Without hesitation, he recommended the Tan Tan Men.  While I overestimated my spiciness tolerance, this was delicious stuff!  Very flavorful broth, perfectly cooked noodles, tasty beef, and spinach.  Soooo good but soooo hot.  And, at $10 for a giant bowl of soup, a great deal!  All of the servers were very friendly.  I was by myself, and they found me a seat immediately at the bar, which was nice.I don't get a  chance to go into Pittsburgh itself all that often, but next time I do, I may be making a return to Ramen Bar.
5	I love this place. I wish I could say something intelligent about the menu as a whole but I can't because I order the same thing EVERY time I go there. Tan tan men!  It's delicious spicy goodness with flavors that leave me craving it often. In fact, when we travel to different cities, we are now on the hunt for good ramen similar to what we get here. When I was in NYC, we went to a ramen place that got excellent reviews and it was  good ( similar to this tan tan men) but hands down The Ramen Bar still can't be beat!The owner is very nice and I enjoy eating at the communal table, even when I'm with my husband. If you have never had "real" ramen before, give this place a try!
3	Loved this place!  Great memories of getting Ramen in Japan.  Prices reasonable.  Great fun and great meal with the family.
1	I'm usually a huge fan of ramen, but this restaurant just did not do it for me. I ordered the Tom Yum ramen, hoping it'd have a sweet/sour soup base. However, the ramen soup was really salty and tasteless at the same time. I didn't even know this was possible. Unfortunately, instant ramen tasted better than what I had. Definitely won't be coming back again!
5	I had the udon Kim chi soup. Delicious! Great service ambiance with music and people!
5	Love their Ramen soups and very nice...I accidentally dropped my chopsticks and they were at our table right away with new ones:) I would defiantly go their again...
2	This is probably by far the worst ramen bar I have ever been too.  The ramen isn't terrible per say, but relatively speaking, it's pretty bad.  First, they messed up the order, which is fine... mistakes happen.  They're human too.  The ramen with the vegetable broth was the most flavorful, compared to the spicy and regular shoyu, but it still wasn't amazing.  The regular shoyu was so bland and tasteless.  Even Swanson's chicken stock has more flavor than it.  The spicy shoyu was not spicy at all.  I feel so terrible saying this, given that it seems like a mom-pop shop,but the ramen (at least the one we had) were nothing bowls of disappointment.On a brighter note, I did like their takoyaki appetizer.  It's friend balls of octopus topped with bonito flakes and nori.  Correction:  it's supposed to come with nori, but I guess they forgot it in our order.  Service was OK.  It met the minimum requirements which is fine by me, minus the almost dropping the ramen on people. Our server also wasn't quite the whipper snapper.
