3	La Casa de Las Enchiladas is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. I really like the steak burrito, which comes covered in queso sauce. You can try to order takeout, but it doesn't really work out unless you speak Spanish. It's best to go in and eat there or order food to go and wait.
4	I went this weekend and was pleasantly surprised.  They have Mexican  Coca Cola (which is made with sugar cane) which was a fun touch.I had the Enchiladas Rojas which were quite tasty despite being made with Chicken, which was very tender.As others have said, this place is easier if you can Hablar the Espanol (I can't, so "no aguacate" somehow turned out to be extra avocado...)    I'm not done looking for THE really good, really cheap Mexican place in Charlotte, but at least I have a solid contender.
4	This place is the real deal when it comes to yummy Mexican food!  The server is always friendly, if a little bit shy.  And, the Mexican MTV on the TV just adds to the overall ambience.  The real star here is the food.  The guacamole is excellent, and all versions of the enchiladas I've tried are as well.  Breakfast is wonderful here, especially if you've had a night of it and need something to help you break through the fuzz.  This is not a fancy place, but it is great for a casual get-together with friends who enjoy good, fresh Mexican food.
4	The chicken in the tacos is shredded and high quality and the corn tortillas are amazing.  Love their warm chips and thick salsa and the guacamole holds its own with the best restaurants in town due to the freshness and simple, clear flavors.  The churro dessert was also a fun if somewhat heavy finish to a very reasonably priced meal.  They don't speak completely fluent English so be patient. It will pay off. The menu has pictures, which means you could even get away with pointing and smiling!  Booth seating is super cozy and the bathrooms are clean.  House of Enchiladas rocks!
4	We had stopped by another Mexican place wanting something authentic, but they were closed, so we went off on a hunt for "somewhere else".  We ended up at La Casa de Las Enchiladas.  I am so glad that we did.Most everything else that you need to know has already been said: The English is good, but a bit broken and a few words don't make it through.  Be patient and you'll be fine.  The menu has lots of pictures, but it is also mostly in Spanish (there is English towards the back).  Point, have patience and you'll be fine here as well.  You can get Coca-Cola in a bottle, and though I can't tell you that it's the Mexican variety made with sugar cane, it's definitely possible.   They also have Jarritos and another Apple soda drink that seems interesting (I didn't try it on this trip however).Service is friendly, the food is good.  Chips especially were some of the best I have had - at some places you get chips that taste like they've been sitting out for hours (or days), but here they all taste fresh.  The salsa is good too.We had the carne asada, which was a solid choice.  But ultimately, my money is on the mole poblano enchiladas.  I'm not usually a fan of mole, but this was just incredible and quite possibly some of the best Mexican that I've had in Charlotte.  After the first bite I was trying to figure out how I could lick the plate so as to not leave any.The only downside?  The atmosphere could be a bit better.  I don't mind a location in a strip mall - anyone who has read my reviews should know that.  The seating was actually comfortable.  But the lighting was pretty harsh, and I frequently found that I was trying to cover my eyes to not have to be blinded by them.  A little work there would do wonders, and gain them the coveted fifth star.The neighborhood is also not the best (somewhat outside of Plaza Midwood), but it's not bad at all, and sometimes you just have to bite the bullet in order to get to the good stuff.  In any case, it's well worth the visit.
4	As a fan of both cheap authentic Mexican and Enchiladas, I thought I would give this place a shot. First, it helps if you speak Spanish, because the menu is all in the native language. If not, you can figure out that pretty much everything comes with some variation of queso (cheese) and salsa/mole (sauce).Yes, there are also traditional enchiladas and tacos and such, but I was more intrigued by the colorful new combinations.I asked for the best of the chicken enchiladas, and they delivered. The meat was shredded well, and it meshed with the combination of salsa verda, cheese and avocado. A very green dish, and it didn't weigh me down afterward. A very nice price, too: $4.50.The location and ambiance is nothing spectacular down on Central Ave. near the Vietnamese places, but it's a good place to try a spin on an old favorite for not that much money.
5	Chilaquiles. My favorite mexican breakfast (possibly, favorite dish, period): A pile of tomatillo salsa-soaked fried tortilla chips topped by queso fresco, crema, and two eggs, over easy. Garnished with onion slices, and if you're lucky, epazote. Not the most complicated food.But somehow it is; its difficult to find a truly awesome take on this classic mexican dish. This plate, served at La Casa, was overfull with crisp, yet saturated chips, the perfect amount of extra salsa verde surrounding two over-easy eggs just crisp at the edges. Delicious. Salty. Pickly. Perfect.The mole, as has been commented on before, is amazing. The horchata, at $2 for a pint and a half of creamy, spicy goodness, is amazing. The ranchero sauce is spicy, intense with tomato flavor, and delish. They do take out, but the portions increase by 25% if you eat in, and you get to nosh on the ice-cold salsa and perfectly fried chips. My order got a little garbled, and they insisted on replacing it, quickly, with that I'd originally ordered (my spanish is muy rusty). This is some seriously awesome Mexican. The best in Charlotte, perhaps. Better than the hole-in-the-wall place I used to order from 3 times a week in Spanish Harlem.Estoy contenta!
4	"It actually looks like the picture!" This is what my husband said when he got his entree.The enchiladas are "muy bien y delicioso." You will find that the price is low and the serving is plentiful! The menu has a large variety of enchiladas and other Mexican food dishes to select. The chips and salsa were good too.Similar to another review, be prepared to listen to the news in Spanish or a Novela. The jukebox was not playing while we were there, but I'm sure they use it often. After reading some of the other reviews about speaking Spanish, I was excited to go and use my Spanish speaking abilities; however, once we got there, the woman spoke English and so it deflated my excitement. Regardless of Spanish or English, this food bridges the cultural and financial divide...very good and inexpensive!
5	Despite getting my order wrong 1 out of every 3 times I come here (srsly, after 3 years of spanish in high school, you'd think I'd have a sub-conscious vocabulary that would show itself in times of need) I continue to come here, trying new stuff sometimes, keeping to the classics others. This past weekend I gave the Enchiladas Flor de Calabaza a try, con salsa verde, of course. I was pretty blown away. Tiny triangles of perfectly sauteed zucchini, just the right amount of spice, a little queso fresco inside the enchilada, a little more on top. Sour crema squirt garnish (love it here-- always colder than you'd expect, a little salty, rad). $6. I'm really coming to love their enchilada a la carte thing, as you can forgo rice and beans for a more interesting appetizer as a side, if you wish, or just gorge yourself on the top-notch (free) chips and salsa and keep it cheap. I love you, Casa.
5	Despite my habit of routinely embarrassing myself and my wife with my terrible Spanish ("the flesh of the chicken, white or black?"), I enjoy every visit to this great spot.The menu is neither too large nor too small, and they know how to make all of it very well.  The standout dish for me is the enchiladas with mole.  It's the best mole I've had in NC.Go here any time you hunger for a well-seasoned Mexican meal that won't break your budget.Now if only I could order a horchata without them thinking that I ordered an avocado...
4	If you want cheap, authentic, well seasoned mexican food this place is great.I have been twice (dine in once, take out once) and yes the previous reviewers are not exagerating about the broken english.  I have had the enchiladas verde, enchiladas rojas and the enchiladas covered in mole.  Of those three the ehchiladas verde are by far my favorite.
4	This place has the nuts and bolts of an inexpensive, tasty, and authentic Mexican meal for both the spice shy and the experienced burrito ninja.  I will usually seek out the places like this where the Latinos themselves will eat to get more authentic food, and I'll avoid more commercial places like Taco Bell like the Black Death.  I decided to play it safe and tried the enchiladas verdes; they were good, but a little bland for my tastes.  Not a problem--I squeezed limes and poured the salsa that came with the corn chips all over them, and they were wonderful.  My girlfriend ordered 4 corn flour tacos--2 al pastor (seasoned pork) and 2 carne asada (grilled beef), with cilantro and onion, and they were really very good.  Salsa and lime went all over those, too, of course.  We ordered their guacalmole, and liked it.  If you are a beginner and don't like hot spicey foods, you will like it here.  And if you are an experienced aficionado of all things Mexicano, one who isn't intimidated by things like sesos or lengua, you can find more authentic things here, and you can spice them up to suit your tastes.  They even sell that horrid concoction horchata.  It's a tiny place, about as unpretentious as it can be.  The server was attentive and friendly, if not a little shy.  There were vases of fresh cut flowers on the tables, which seemed really pleasant to me.  Like other reviewers have noted, the music was a little loud, but we could still carry on a conversation, and, you know, they seem so nice there, I'm sure they'd turn it down if anyone asked.  The crowd was mixed Latinos and gringos like myself.  There was one little odd thing--our server was dressed in a Mexican costume with a painted on mustache, probably to generate attention and more business, but he looked like he was wearing a giant burrito.   Or maybe a teenage mutant ninja turtle outfit.  It actually ended up making US feel uncomfortable for him.  The location is easy to find on Central, and there is a Vietnamese sandwich shop and cafe going in next door, so I'm excited to see two cool things located conveniently next door to each other like that.  Buen provecho!
5	Mi casa es la casa de las enchiladas! YUMMALICIOUS!  After reading Julia S, Chad E and Faith D's thumbs up reviews, I knew I was on my way.  I went with one of my friends and we ordered a plate of four enchiladas and some flank steak thrown on for good measure!  I don't know which one was my favorite, all I know is that I could not cram it down my mouth fast enough, it was delicious. I guess if I had to choose, the mole and the verde were my favorite.   I might want to go back very soon.Any restaurant that I walk in and I am the only honky, hot salsa, fresh jalapenos and servers that barely speak English.  Dude, I'm there.  Oh, wait, also coke in the bottle. Yay!!Disclaimer, some servers speak English, just ours didn't.  Fun visit.Disclaimer Part Deux: The restaurant formally known as La Casa de la Enchilada is now Three Amigos. Same location and same great food!!!
5	Delicioso! It has been a while since my husband and I last visited. Since it was Cinco de Mayo yesterday, we thought we needed authentic Mexican cuisine. We were so happy we went back to La Casa de las Enchiladas!They recently updated the place. They installed a bar right when you walk in. It looked like a good addition. They changed the menu since the last time too...it now reads in English for those of you who need the translation. The food was great in taste and in portion! Service was fast and friendly (in Spanish, but also there was staff who spoke English). They serve breakfast all day long and they open at 10am (my kind of breakfast time). If you haven't been here yet, go soon...and often!
5	Now called Three Amigos, with (as Faith just wrote last week) a bar, new carpet, another TV. Couple of tables outside, if that's yer thing. Importantly: the awesome chef that's been at La Casa since it opened is still here, and still in control. Flavors haven't budged, but the scope of the menu is larger (platos typicos, fajitas, larger selection of tortas, etc). Prices are the same for brekkie, a little higher on big plates. A little paint and a pretty new sign never hurt anybody. Still, by far, my fav Mex in CLT.
5	Hands down, this is the best Mexican food in Charlotte. I don't care if I wrote a different review earlier giving another restaurant this superlative...this restaurant is THE BEST. They've recently changed the name and changed owners, but the food is the same high-quality, authentic Mexican food. The waitresses sometimes struggle with speaking English, which can be a little problematic when you are trying to convey that you don't want meat in your dish - but if you're a carnivore and you can just point to the menu item, then go for it. While you're there, try the Mexican Coke. It's got real sugar in it instead of the high-fructose corn syrup...and it tastes amazing.
4	Went here recently, wondering what had changed beside the name and the sign outside.It turns out that the experience is quite different now, but not in altogether negative ways.I was a little bummed to see that they had switched from that exciting picture menu to a four-pager with no photos, but oh well.  Also a bit discouraging was the fact that there were about a dozen items on the menu that were crossed off with a pen.  They should probably just print new paper inserts.We got a horchata, and there was something wrong with it.  It was "off."  It was the kind of deal where I had to keep taking little sips to verify that something was wrong, but there definitely was.  They happily took it back and took it off the bill.So then I was worried . . . .  Was the food going to be okay?  Would there be something off about it, too?No need to worry, our enchiladas were really, really good.  My wife got the veggie enchiladas poblanas (with an excellent dark mole sauce), and I got the enchiladas verdes.  Both were dynamite.  Mine could have used a bit more sauce.As it was, we pretty much cleaned our plates, which is a testament to how good the dishes were, because they're piled high with rice, refried beans, lettuce, tomato, avocado, queso fresco, sour cream, etc.I also love it that they have my favorite hot sauce - Tapatio - at the table.One more change from the Casas de las Enchiladas days: the woman waiting tables spoke English.  I was more than happy to practice my Spanish with the waitstaff at the old restaurant, but now I no longer have to embarrass myself, and will no longer receive a sliced avocado when I order a horchata.
4	We haven't been here since they changed the name to Three Amigos, but dinner was great tonight! Joe had the chicken mole and I had some basic enchiladas and a taco - all excellent. Also they had Dos Equis on special for $2.50! They lose one star because the salsa was not the greatest... and you have to order pico de gallo but it's worth it - very spicy but so tasty.
4	Sign currently says Three Amigos.  I've been here twice and enjoyed both times.  It is super cheap and delicious.  The wait staff is very friendly and attentive.  I love the guacamole.Warning that you may be turned off by the shadiness of the strip-mall center when you pull up, but you must power through and go inside.  Once you get your chips and salsa you will be just fine!
5	Holy guacamole!  I love this restaurant, I have already written a review and proclaimed my love, but I want to spread the good word on this new name page too.I went in last night after an afternoon at the Thirsty Beaver, it was better than normal.  I couldn't believe it, sometimes you love restaurants but it looses it's charm after a couple of visits, not this one.I had never ordered the queso, it had sauteed onions and chorizo. I might have to get that every visit.  It's tiny, the perfect amout for two people.Then BORING, I ordered what I always order, enchiladas verde.  I can't help myself. If you like hot stuff, call me.  no really, make sure you ask for their hot salsa, it taste like pureed hot peppers and avocado blended. It will light you up, just like the Thirsty Beaver.Don't forget to order imported Coke with real sugar.
5	Three Amigos successfully combines the best of Mexican dishes for American customers and "down home cooking" for the Mexican patrons in one cozy setting.  The place is quite unpretentious-the focus is on the  food and quality service.I've been several times and enjoyed the carne asada tacos immensely.  They serve them on flour tortillas with onion and cilantro. The chimichanga is quite decadent: a fried burrito with melted cheese.  Unlike alot of Mexican restaurants, the menu is not complicated with lunch combinations of more of the same.  You can skim the menu in 2 minutes flat and get an idea of what's good.  And yummy dinner entrees for less than $10 are worth yelping about.Helpful hint-They bring bland gringo salsa with chips.  Upon request, you can try three more spicier salsas.  The spicy avocado rocks, albeit in small doses!  Its all made IN HOUSE!  I think that when I establish rapport with the staff after several visits, they would be willing to make some avocado sauce with a little less kick.  The word "flavor" sticks out in my mind when I think about Three Amigos.  Don't believe me, try it yourself.
5	BEST MEXICAN FOOD I have had in the area.  It is so hard to find authentic good mexican food in this area I feel I am from California nad this is as good as it gets to me.  The Tortas were amazing..  this is a diamond in the rough and the people that work there are so nice.   Yu are defintely not their for the ambiance..  your there for the food.  You will not be let down.  I definitely recommend this place.
5	Te amo, Three Amigos. Te amo.I've been putting down a fair share of Mexican food as of late and I was just delighted to finally drop by Three Amigos. If you're looking for a fancy pants Mexican establishment, don't waste your time here. But if you're like me and on occasion you crave delicious, authentic and affordable Mexican fare with a low-key atmosphere, consider this as good as it gets in Charlotte.The daily drink specials are bangin' especially $5 jumbo margaritas on Fridays. But don't worry, every other day they are only $6 each. Prepare yourself that they are delicious. And.huge. And.full.of.alcohol. The service is kind, warm and friendly. There are a handful of servers who speak enough English to effectively jot down your order and if not, well, work on your Espanol, kid.And the food. Delicioso, compadre. I've sampled a few different things here but I really enjoy their guacamole - full of flavor and cilantro. Next time I may ask if they can make it spicy, too! Their tacos (soft corn) are tasty and, again, garnished with a smattering of spice and cilantro. The chicken was succulent and well prepared and I also tried a shredded beef enchilada. Taaaaasty. Portions as a whole are pretty generous and, inevitably, I always leave this place seeking a siesta. I definitely want to come back and try a few other items...perhaps mole next time?!
5	Damn you Three Amigos...I knew it would happen if I saw you, but still I had to try. Replay 1 hour before dinner decision... Wife...let's have Mexican tonight. Me...Eh. Wife...What? Three Amigo's is good and cheap. Me...yeah, but I always overeat at Mexican restaurants Wife...So don't eat everything on your plate Me...I can't help myself, I've tried. Those damn combos kill me. Wife...laughs...you have a problem Me...at least I admit it 1 hour 28 minutes later, I'm full after chips & quac (good guac!) and my chimichanga "combo". So good...so much food...and only $8. Add in a large margarita and bottle of beer and I am full. Yep...did it again. I left some rice and beans for whoever took my plate though. Three Amigo's is a great spot in Plaza that has a few small tables and a wall of booths. Don't be afraid of the so-so strip mall exterior, this place has great cheap food. It's also open until 4am on Friday & Saturday's. Good lord, if I'm there that late I know I won't have any room left from the night's PBR's, but as I know, I'll still stuff my face with good Mexican food. Damn you Three Amigo's! :)
5	We tried this place a couple weeks ago on the advice of Yelpers and really enjoyed our experience.  Two words, though: neither of us speak the slightest bit of Spanish (eek), and we're both vegetarian.  There was a real language barrier with our sweet server, and although we both received incredibly tasty enchilada dishes stuffed with vegetables, neither of us is really sure which precise menu items we ordered.  (So it might be hard to replicate.)But what the heck!  The food was delicious; the margaritas were huge and alcoholic; and the the service was excellent.  When our meals arrived, our server explained that they were out of rice, so the cook had substituted fried plantains instead.  AMAZING.  I'll eat their fried plantains any day.I look forward to hitting up Three Amigos weekly until I can manuever my way around both the language and the menu.  WIN.
5	Eating at Three Amigos has the feeling of going over to your uncle's place for dinner...you know, if your uncle happens to be a fabulous Mexican cook.I came in and was greeted by a supremely huggable woman who gave me a basket of freshly made chips and salsa that smacked of cilantro. When I said I didn't want a drink, she asked again, this time in spanish.I decided on the Enchiladas Poblanas. They came with a rich mole that hinted strongly but did not scream of chocolate, and were topped with just the right amount of sour cream and cheese. The shredded chicken inside was super flavorful and not at all overcooked. The rice was mild but not dry and the beans were tasty. The waitress came back to check if I really didn't want water twice during the meal.The food itself was amazing but it was made all the better by the laughing, dancing and general warm atmosphere that accompanied them. The whole shebang came to about $10 with tip.Oh and next time I go back, I need to try one of those substantial margaritas made from the assorted bottles of liquor stashed on the random piece of furniture behind the counter. I mean, it IS within walking distance of my house.
5	The food was sooooooo GOOD!!! I love Mexican food, so I eat a lot of it and I can tell when its authentic. this is one of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to so far in Charlotte. Not only do they give you a healthy serving but the customer service is great! I believe its family owned and the little old lay was just darling. Our food did not take long; margaritas and tacos! it doesn't get any better than that! Not only was the food good but I love the cozy feeling you get in there. If you haven't tried this place you should! its good and affordable.
4	Want some head in your taco? Come to Three Amigos. Taco meat options include head (cabeza), al pastor (Pork), shredded beef, tongue (lengua) and chicken, maybe carne asada too? The tacos also come wrapped in two, not one, but twoooooo corn tortillas! Rice is just like I remember, and refried beans are not just refried beans. They're awesome when they're made right! The enchiladas are pretty solid and they call their rolled tacos dorados. Sometimes they're known as flautas. Tomato, tomahtoe; potato potahtoe, whatever, who cares!  I don't know the technical difference, all I know is that they're good!They're even open late on weekends - like a real taco shop should be!  This place is the truth and this Southern California boy hereby grants his stamp of approval! Eat here now!
2	I'll start this review by saying we've heard from friends that this Mexican restaurant was a great place to get a good margarita bigger then your head and some decent Mexican fare. As we're always looking to try out new restaurants, we thought this would become one of our new favs...and decided in the end that, sadly, it will not be on our list to revisit. Now, I will say I did not try the margarita (it was a "school night," so-to-speak), so I can't vouch for how delicioso it is. What we did end up ordering was the guacamole, which underwhelmed, and both the enchiladas and the tacos were mediocre. The service was quite slow (not sure if that was due to a lack of sufficient staffing or the fact that our server was more interested in the telenovela then us). Overall, would say for a stellar Mexican restaurant experience, we'll head back to Cantina 1511. Prices are a bit higher, but food, drinks, and service are always fantastic.UPDATE: shortly after posting this I received a note from the manager asking for additional details and requesting that we give Three Amigos one more try. On that alone we will go back and see if our experience was just a fluke. Responding to my review that quickly makes me think that they ARE serious about customer service. I'll post again once we've had a chance to check it out.
5	Second visit to Three Amigos, this time to celebrate a birthday and treat some out of town friends.  It was just as good as last time, though this time we had an easier time communicating with our server, who informed us that basically anything they make (enchiladas, etc.), we could get with their grilled veggie mixture instead of meat.  SCORE.  She recommended the enchiladas verde, which was FANTASTIC.  I could slurp their verde sauce with a spoon.Plantains once again instead of rice.  Seriously, they should just forgo the rice and serve fried plantains with every dish.  It could be their signature.
5	Every good thing you read here is right. UH MAZ ING. Only thing I can add is the guac based green salsa is the best thing ever. We had it in Austin, TX and they either called it green salsa or Salsa Dona. It is really hot but worth it. Go now. Go often. Go again. Only negative is that I wish it was about 5 times bigger to accommodate everyone.
2	Food is good. But if you're looking for fast service, don't bother. It took almost an hour to get our food. And with 2 young ones with us that doesn't fly. Not only that, they served the adult food first. :/
2	11/16/10Come here only for the margaritas!  And maybe the flan.  We almost turned away, bec. Mom doesn't like "hole in the wall" places.  She's no food snob, but she does appreciate pretty spaces, and this place wasn't.  But we weren't here for the ambience-- we were here solely bec. a couple of my Charlotte Yelp friends recommended it!  Thank goodness my nephew was around; For some reason, he has this grounding effect on our Mom, and she rarely makes a fuss where we go, as long as he's there.  :)  (Thinking back, though, I don't think I'd like to take my nephew back to this part of town-- a bit seedy, and this was around 1p!)First order of business: un frozen margarita ($5), por favor!  Second order of business, nos dan tortillas con salsa y guacamole (gratis), por favor!  Actually, give THEM some chips, I'll just take a few sips of the marg...  Nephew wanted a cheese quesadilla ($5.99); sis wanted a combo plate-- a chicken taco and a beef enchilada ($7.49), con arroz y frijoles refritos; and I one of those lovely-looking tortas Milanesa ($7.99) con pastor (seasoned grilled pork).  The margarita was good.  As usual, Mom and sis filled up on the free chips and salsa...  I heard that the cheese crisp was OK, too.  It was better-received than the taco/enchilada combo.  I don't think she finished any of it!  My torta looked good, but one bite of the bread and my hopes of a fantastic sandwich thrill went south of the border!  Having looked at prior food shots from other TA reviews, I was expecting this crusty telera bread w/ a soft interior, but no way, Jose!  No crispiness anywhere- just a soft roll.  Another proof that the photos here are deceiving (including the ones I've posted)- the meat portion was sorely lacking.  It's as if they stuff just enough meat in the center so that, when sliced, a cool food shot can be taken!  "Donde el res?!?!"  ("Where's the beef?!?!")Ayayay, pero there was the yummy flan, which we all thought was pretty good, considering Mom and I make some mean flan ourselves!  Three Amigos' flan even looks like the ones our Mom used to crave for when she was pregnant w/ me-- slightly overcooked, w/ air pockets, and the edges crisped just so.  (Hmm... was I describing myself, or the flan?  LOL)  Well, this one had the air pockets.  The edges were of a firmer texture, and as we progressed to the center, it became slightly creamier.  We may come back for another margarita and more flan, but not anytime soon.
2	not impressed at all.  it very rarely happens, but my fellow yelpers steered me wrong.  took way too long for our food to come out (30+ mins), the queso was almost inedible and the entrees were VERY disappointing.  i ordered the ol' #1, aka - 1 taco, 1 enchilada and rice & beans.  i always order this on my first visit to a mex restaurant, because if you can't get this right, you can't get anything right.  it was bland and the only thing worse than the food was the portions (i stole that from woody allen).  i would not recommend this place to anyone from out of town, because it falls very short of the mex you can find in other cities.  my search continues for the good mex spot in the QC...
3	So, I base my mexican food experience on the chips and salsa mainly, and I must say that they have some of the best that I have had in CLT.  The food is standard menu items of enchiladas, burritos, tacos, fajitas kinda thing.  I had the fajitas which were completely overcooked and a bit bland, and my friend had a burrito which got an "ehh" shoulder shrug.  I need to take these chips to go and then get my entree at Azteca.....happiness
4	Very rarely can you find good, truly authentic Mexican/Central American food. Three Amigos definitely makes the mark. They take the whole day to let their beans and rice cook slowly. Their ingredients are crazy fresh (and tasty!), the presentation is colorful and appetizing.So far, for the QC, this is my fav Mexican spot. Now they just have to get more vegan options and I'll be crazy happy.
3	I came here for a late dinner on a Wednesday evening with the hubby and an out of town friend in tow.  I was already in a good mood after beer tasting at the common market and I figured this would be the perfect time to try out Three Amigos.I was already expecting a hole in the wall kind of place from all the reviews.  The dining area is set up much like a fast food restaurant with laminated plastic booths lining one wall and a few tables in the middle of the floor.  A quick glance at the number of customers gave me a boost of confidence that our food would come quick because we were all starving.  Unfortunately, the service was terribly slow.  It took quite a while to explain what we wanted to our waitress (she was baffled by the fact that I wanted a beer and my husband did not).  Once we came to an understanding we still had to wait for quite a while for our food to come out.The food was pretty good.  I got some chicken enchiladas with beans and rice.  The ingredients all seemed very fresh and the dish had just the right amount of spice to it (I like it hot!).  Everyone at the table seemed happy with their food.I want to come back and give them another try to see if the service is any quicker.  The quality of the food is definitely good for the price.
4	Dropped in here on a big ole' Unofficial Yelper Field Trip to conduct a little reconnaissance on the current state of affairs of this little restaurant that could.  After sampling the wares, Three Amigos needs to change its name 'cause it just gained a new friend.Started things off with a trio of salsa/dips and some lightly seasoned tortilla chips.  While even the red salsa was nicely done, the real stars were the tomatillo sauce and especially the green sauce blend of jalapenos and avocados.  This alone sets Amigos apart from the rest of the Mexican fare pact in town.Also got to try the guacamole.  Nice and smooth, with a good blend of flavors, though I'd like it to have a little more kick with the spiciness.  Best part of all, a nice-sized boat of guac clocks in at just $3.75.  That's less than half the price of fancier places that mix it at your table- and as far as I'm concerned, I'll do without the show where the flavors are so good.Entrees all looked good, but I tried out their pure vegan fare, and many props to them for giving this a go.  I had a trio of tostadas with beans, zucchini, and still more veggies.  I now know it is totally possible to eat Mexican without the cheese and sour cream.  Veggie fajitas and enchiladas verdes are also available in both a vegan and a vegetarian variety, though not listed as such on the menu- just ask the staff.Loved the friendly atmosphere here from the waitresses right over to the manager, who checked in on us several times.  Also loved the fact the there is a mix of Latinos and gringos who stop in to dine here- a good sign you have come to the right place for serious eats.By the way, if you are jonesin' for some authentic street food late at night, Three Amigos recently launced a late-night menu from 10 PM till 4 AM on Fridays and Saturdays.  Empanadas, chimi-churris and quipe.  Sounds like it's time for another reconnaissance mission- late-night style!
4	Pretty excited to have found a mexican restaurant that serves one of my favorite dishes: Alambres.  I highly recommend ordering it because they make it very well, a ton of meat (and bacon in there if i remember correctly) slathered in cheese.  The only other place I have found Alambres at was in SF so when i saw this on the menu i was elated.
5	I would have to agree with everyone else's reviews...this place is incredible. Hands down the best Mexican fare in Charlotte. I had only driven past it a thousand times before I looked it up on Yelp and couldn't believe the reviews for this hole in the wall cantina! We ordered take out and picked it up with high hopes. Needless to say, we weren't disappointed in the least! The food was fresh, hot, and most importantly, delicioso. I think every single employee said hello to me when I walked in the door and they had my food ready and waiting when I got there (10 minutes after ordering). I had been told that the green salsa was something you wouldn't get without asking for, so I mentioned it when I went in to pick it up. They gladly got me a few cups of it and put it in with my other food. WOW! So GOOD! It surprises you with a crazy after-burn, but the taste is crazy good. My only complaint...they forgot the chorizo in our cheese dip last time. I hesitate to even mention it, b/c everything else was so great, but I have to say I was pretty sad when I opened our cheese dip like a kid on Christmas morning and the main attraction was missing. I told myself it was my fault for ordering later in the evening & forgot all about it. Two more key points...It's only been a week since our first experience and we just placed another take out order. Second, about 2 days after our maiden T.A. voyage, a co-worker of mine felt compelled to pull me aside at work and tell me to run, not walk to this tiny little mexican joint in Plaza Midwood that she had discovered. I smiled and told her I had already found it. Do yourself a favor...check it out.
5	Going to Three Amigos on Saturday for a UYE was bittersweet. On one hand it was frickin fantastic but on the other, I've been in Charlotte for five years and never experienced this place before--what gives? I try not to judge a book by it's cover but sometimes you got to with restaurants and looking at Three Amigos, I really didn't expect much. I drove up and asked myself "Is this the right Three Amigos?" and as soon as other Yelpers came in, realized I got the right one.What can I say that others haven't? Probably not much but the highlights*Mexican Coca-Cola-this stuff rivals McDonald's Coca-Cola (aka the best Coke in the world)*Tortilla chips fried to perfect with a bit of seasoning on them*Guacamole so smooth and creamy that I wanted to break out some Gerardo and start singing "Rico Suave"*Meals that could feed a small nation. Seriously. I ordered the chilaquiles verde with two fried eggs and feel like I could do some bicep curls with my leftover box. *Cheap prices. Said plate that could feed a nation was $5.99. What the hell?? I love it and again, sad that I haven't been going to Three Amigos all along.*Friendly staff and owner--they kept stopping by, making sure everything was to our liking--the service couldn't have been more spot on*People watching. Oh yes, it was good.Now if they would have cardboard figures of Chevy Chase, Steve Martin and Martin Short-I would be in heaven. Te amo Three Amigos!!
5	Review of the Enchilada Verde....Really good! I had not tried it yet but I still like the Mole better but not all people like Mole. We went on Saturday night and right now the Mojito is the special and I won't say it was bad but stick with Mexican drinks! Guac was very good. A note to people...I took the hubby and he is not and adventurous eater. He thought it was ok but I had gotten him tacos to go before and loved them. He did Fajitas this time and said they were a little bland. BUT he was too scared to try the green avocado salsa that is amazing. His loss. So as said before...if you think think taco bell is typical Mexican food than this may not be the place for you. BUT I think we have established that the Tacos here are for everyone!
5	A week ago, the boy and I dropped in for a late lunch after a trip to Discovery Place. The restaurant was packed, so we waited about 10 minutes for our table.With a Groupon in tow, we started with the guacamole. It was really good, but I like mine a bit spicier. He ordered a taco al pastor and a pollo gordita and I had the enchiladas verdes. He loved the taco and I had a bite of the gordita, deciding to order one for sure the next time.I was happily surprised that my enchiladas were topped with queso fresco, crema, sliced avocado, and shredded lettuce, just as they would have been served in Mexico. The rice and beans were great, especially the beans (super creamy, just like my mom's!) For dessert, we shared the tres leches. I've been cutting back on sweets, so it tasted very sweet to me at first. But, after bite number three, I was in tres leches heaven. Service was a bit slow, but we weren't in a hurry, so we didn't really mind. I'm very happy to add Three Amigos to my short list of crave-able authentic Mexican restaurants the QC area (La Unica in Indian Trial and Don Pedro's in Pineville are the other two if you're wondering).
5	Obsessed!! I have been three times in three weeks!!The Queso that they have is my favorite and I could have it with every meal!! It has Chorizo and Sauteed onions in it YUM!! I have had a different dish each time I've been and I will say that they all have been really good! The Carne Asada is my Favorite as of right now but  that will change in the week I'm sure!The servers are really sweet and on top of my Margaritas!!My FAVORITE Mexican in Charlotte!!
3	At first, I was surprised that once they rebranded from Casa de las Enchiladas that the food has remained just as good. Opening up to a new demographic has changed the feel of the place a little, but it was all about the food.Unfortunately, my girlfriend and I got there just a little too late for their normal dinner menu last night.  Their late-night menu is sparse and not very good.  I don't know if they have changed their normal menu (I haven't been in a month or two), but it seems like completely new offerings later at night - which is atypical for a restaurant to offer new items late.  It's usually an abbreviated version of their normal menu.Tacos are the item most reminiscent of their typical fare, which my girlfriend got.  Was pretty measly for $3. I got what was described as a Dominican hamburger.  There was as much mayonnaise on it (sweet mayo, at that) as there was meat.  We also ordered a chicken empanada to split, but we received a beef empanada, which was extremely salty.Not a good night, and we both didn't feel so well afterwards.However, this is complete contrast to every other meal I've ever had there.  I've lived within walking distance of there for 3 years, and it has historically been spot on.  Just hope this isn't a sign of meals to come.
5	Went for lunch this afternoon. As many awesome yelp reviews this place has gotten I'm really surprised it wasn't packed for lunch. We were literally the only people in the restaurant. First impressions...Three Amigos is located in a small strip mall on Cental past the new McDonlads coming from uptown but before you get to the Eastway. When we walked in the waitress seated us immediately and took our drink orders and brought us chips and salsa. The restaurant decor is pretty cute a lot of colorful paintings. Food:I ordered the chicken chimichanga and it was exactly as I pictured it. Perfect. It might just be a "me" thing but I really do prefer shredded chicken in my Mexican food compared to chunks. The chimichanga had just that. It was hot, fresh, crispy and delicious. Most of the lunch specials come with rice and beans like most Mexican restaurants. Service: VERY FRIENDLY!!!Oh....and I had to do a double take at the price! Really only $5.95??? Umm... I think I should get out of uptown more often and drive down to Three Amigos!One word: Authentic!
5	We tried this restaurant because we purchased a 1/2 off coupon online and because two friends continued to rave on and on about it. It's quite a distance from where we live and tend to go, but the food was so fresh and nicely prepared, we'll be back on a regular basis.  We can't say enough about the food or the service, both were excellent! It's nice to find a restaurant of this quality and the pricing is so reasonable!
2	After reading all the rave reviews of this place, I figured I would give it a try. My overall experience here really was not that bad, but there were two lacking imperatives for Mexican dining that really bothered me: 1. Chips, they weren't hot and we had to beg for more. 2. Drink refills, they didn't exist. Mexican food is salty and honestly, I need like three refills to get through a meal...Also, their soft drinks come in cans!!?!?! (refill cop-out). Just my opinion..
5	I must say, I like a challenge.So when I saw "I'll make a deal with you. Read my review. Read the other reviews. Then go to Three Amigos, and come back and tell me I was wrong. I will print any compliment I get about Three Amigos." in comparison to so many good reviews, I had to check it out.I'm back, and I'm telling you you're wrong.This is authentic Mexican.  Yes, the waitresses spoke more Spanish than English.  But who cares when the food is delicious?My margarita was wonderful - perfectly salted rim, not too strong but enough that I felt it.  Plus, I got a t-shirt with it for Cinco de Mayo!The chips are tasty, not too thin but not too thick, with a unique seasoning.  I enjoyed the salsa, the green spicy salsa, and the even spicier new red chile salsa (sneaky spicy!).  I ordered the enchilada/tostada combinacion, and the waitress (correctly) made a suggestion that I swap my meat options for each (asada and chicken) and I appreciate that heads up.  I love getting fresh avocado on top of my tostada.  Their beans are delicious.  The rice was tasty.  Their enchilada sauce was delectable.I did not try their guacamole, so I cannot compare that to Azteca.  But where my entree is concerned, I would def prefer Three Amigos.Overall, I had a great experience and would def go back again.  Keep in mind this is more hole-in-the-wall Mexican vs. 1511 Cantina "fancy" Mexican, but I think each definately have their place in my heart.And I want to go back today for $.99 tacos at lunchtime.
5	Hands down, the most authentic and delicious Mexican food in Charlotte. I'm from Texas (and of Mexican decent) so I know where the goods are. I always order the Enchiladas Al Horno and they're excelente, every single time. Highly recommend. Very casual atmosphere.
4	I'm definitely a fan of 3 amigos!  They were completely empty on a Saturday afternoon so I got to sample sauces prior to placing my order which was very helpful as I am very indecisive by nature:-)  The chips and salsa were delish and the queso dip was amazing!  I finally decided on the Enchiladas Verde with chicken and steak(the steak is much better than the chicken imo).  The portions are quite large, so expect to feel like a stuffed pig as I did upon departure.
4	The best Mexican food I've had since living in California. Actually, left me thinking that I was still in that area. It's also impressive to see that they have a vegan options. Very filling and leaves you with some food for later on.
5	I've tried many of Mexican places in my day and this place is surely the best I've found I'm Charlotte thus far!  Their green chile sauce is amazing!  I went in with a group of 5, 3 being newbies and they all replicated my order and cleaned their plates!  (Green Chile Enchiladas, substitute flour tortillas vs. the corn)  Ironically I ran into some other first timer friends there and they also left with a full stomach and empty plate. This isn't a Tex-Mex high dollar place... This is an authentic place that gets it amazing at a good price!  Their .99 2-5 pm tacos during the week are also a steal!
5	Wow. No really....WOW. I am so ashamed of myself for not having tried this restaurant before. Especially because I drive by it all the time, ya know living around the corner and all!!!  ok, now moving on from my stupidity & ignorance. Start simple, chips had a nice smokey seasoning on them. Salsa was great, light, little bit o' cilantro, lime, and the perfect amount of spice. We also ordered the queso with chorizo and onions, it was amazing. Again, just the right amount of smokiness, and a little sweetness from the onion. Had to be careful, did not want to fill myself up too early. Ordered very basic dishes, as that is how I usually judge a new Mexican place. The rice and re-fried beans were hands down the best I have ever had. No question about it. I ordered an enchilada, and taco. Wife had an enchilada and tostada. Everything was very freshly made (you could tell right away) and it really makes a difference. It seems that Three Amigos really succeeds where most fall short, paying attention to the fine details (rice & beans made fresh daily, multiple times a day) and that is what really pushed me to a 5 star review. I would really like to think that this is very close to "authentic" Mexican, but I am not the one to judge that.   Told the wife I wanted to go back for dinner, I just got the eye roll. Maybe i'll be back tomorrow, I can't get enough!!!!
5	So, my thought when I pulled up to this place for the first time was "what a funny-looking sign!"  I'd heard it was good, but I've been to a LOT of Mexican places.  I wasn't expecting much, which may be part of the reason this place just blew me away.This is the BEST Mexican place I've eaten at in Charlotte, and tied with another (now closed) place for the best Mexican ever.  I have to agree with others, the green chile sauce is AMAZING!  They also have giant margaritas with plenty of tequila in them.  YUM!  And if you're looking for dessert, the tres leches cake is OUT OF THIS WORLD, and they also make a great flan.  My funny story is that the second time I went there, my friend tried to order another margarita for me and the waitress thought she was saying it was my birthday.  They brought me a double shot of tequila and a piece of flan.  We got a good laugh out of telling her it wasn't my birthday, and she informed us that apparently this happened fairly often.  That being said, the servers don't speak the best English, but they are so friendly and helpful, I certainly can't hold it against them.  I've had great service every time I've been there.  And the cost is very reasonable as well.  I've been once for lunch and twice for dinner.  My lunch was under $7 (cheaper than my high-end giant margarita, but very satisfying).  Both dinners were around $9-10.  I really can't say enough great things about this place.  I'm looking forward to going again when my out-of-town friends come to visit this weekend.
2	I wanted to like this place - I really did!  But alas, mediocre at best - coming from California, a high bar has been set for Mexican food and this doesn't even come close - enchilada sauce was strangely sweet, our order of guacamole never arrived at our table and our waitress seemed more interested is looking at the window than waiting on us.  Meat (skirt steak) had a nice flavor but was tough - there is a fine line to cooking this cut of meat correctly and it just didn't happen.  Rice and beans just average.  My still favorite place is Senior Tequila's.
4	Nothing fancy but very fresh and authentic!
4	Three Amigos is situated in a strip mall in a not-so-inviting stretch on Central. Despite appearances, we gritted our teeth and entered Three Amigos.Chips and salsa: deliciousMenu: Not too extensive. I was especially wary because there's a section called "Mexican Fast Food" or something that highlights quesadillas and tacos...the enchiladas, though, are the restaurant's self-proclaimed house specialty. I went with Enchiladas al Hormo with vegetables instead of chicken or beef (**Vegetarian side note: All the enchiladas have the option of coming with veggies instead of meat. Delicious**) -- best enchiladas I've ever had.Will definitely go again.OH and drink specials every night. We enjoyed $2.50 Coronas.
4	Holy food coma.Charming, small hole-in-the-wall Mexican joint.Booths and tables.Pleasant, efficient service.Music varied from Mariachi-style to Ibiza techno.Which cracked me up in a good way.Stopped in by myself for an early dinner -@Five-ish.Salsa was delish, although it is of the soupier variety  and I prefer some chunk to my salsa. Still, the flavors were balanced and there was a nice little black pepper zing.Guac was fresh and just a wee bit salty for me, but hey, I took the remainder home so that says something.Ordered the Green Chile enchiladas sub veggies for the protein.It was GINORMOUS. I managed to eat a full half a portion. And I'm happily stuffed.Lots of crisp lettuce on top too, rather than the sad little side garnish of lettuce you may see at other joints. The cotilla was fresh and plentiful too.And, normally I cringe at the ever-present side of refried beans and rice - but again, freshly made and tasty.Didn't have a Marg this time, but spied some on the other tables that looked worthwhile.In short, I will be going back WHEN I recover from my current food coma.
5	Who would've thought that this little place would be so awesome? I'm glad I read the reviews bc I would've never thought to go here. It's not like the other crappy Mexican places that are everywhere. This is amazing food and our server was so nice and very attentive. Can't wait to go back. And yeah.....the enchiladas rock.
4	The chips/salsa awesome. LOVE the seasoning on the chips. The margarita's AMAZING. 5 stars on that. I checked in on YELP with my smarty tarty phone and received a free queso. Delicious. I ordered a standard Burrito. Super yummy and cheesy.  There was an accident later that night with my left overs and I thought I might cry, I was really looking forward to eating those. Guess Ill just have to return! I would recommend this place to anyone that loves or even just likes Mexican food. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5... My friends were slightly put off by the location (aka they brought they're valuables inside with them) but I thought it was fine. The communication was slightly difficult because it seemed our waitress's English was borderline and my Spanish is muy malo. Also had a groupon which caused to be slightly problematic..
4	Yay! The real thing! For real mexican food, come to three amigos. Authentic tacos and enchiladas. Loved the refried beans. See if you can find cow brain on the menu ;0
4	I will start with saying no matter what happens at Three Amigos I will always love Three Amigos. I always order enchiladas (mixtas) so I really can't vouch for many other items but they are so good I feel no need to try anything else. I do not do this at any other restaurant and do admit it is lame.  It is 4 enchiladas with four different sauces and I always finish with the mole (it's my dessert). I also always order them with steak because I love the seasoning and it always comes with a little piece of bonus steak on the plate. The chips seem like the fryer may need to be turned up because they always have a little residual greasiness to them. The Mexican Coke and  Victoria beer are always cold and delicious. The service is always pleasant and entertaining. The music can be very inappropriate (Lil Jon Shots- YouTube it) but I find it HILARIOUS!! The Moby look-a-like across from me did not and insisted on his food to go. He looked like a hipster but was apparently wound a little tighter than his horn rims, Apple, tattoos, and  Indy Rock shirt conveyed. Without a doubt I will be back for my dose of rap and enchiladas.
2	My rating is solely based on the service. I ordered food to eat-in but it took close to an hour to be prepared, so I changed it to take-out. Haven't tried the food yet.
3	Dinner was better this time. Kids definitely got served first which is a huge plus! Thanks for making the effort to improve.
4	A no-nonsense joint that (Mexi)can deliver exactly what you need without the fluff and cost of more fancy places.The margaritas are strong, flavorful, and tangy. Not the best I've ever had (that would be Tommy's in San Francisco), but it can hold its own.I got the chicken fajitas and must say, they rocked my world. You might be thinking that any old sizzling hot skillet containing onions, bell peppers, tomatoes and perfectly cooked chicken is fully capable of making your grandmother blush; however, where Three Amigos triumphs is the seasonings that really made it stand out--strongly peppered, but with a little more complexity that tasted just as good the next day. I will be returning again soon
5	I heard so much about this place before I went that I figured it had to be hyped up a bit, but alas it was not at all!  The decor is whatever, but really that is not what I come here for.  The delicious food at ridiculously low prices is the main draw.  I love the queso with onion and chorizo to start, chips can sometimes be mediocre, but are usually pretty good.  I've tried a few different enchiladas and they were are drool worthy.  Tried the vegetable chimichanga last time and it was excellent.  The rice is always so moist and fresh.  They have drinks specials daily and the basic margs are pretty good.Overall you walk out of this place feeling fat and happy and the wallet is not much lighter!
4	I'm a FOODIE, I admit it and that is why I HAVE to start working out again. I told my mom I need to get my  mouth wired.ANYWAY, enough about me and my personal tantrums! On to business...THREE AMIGOS!After reading the reviews the night before, I was ready to run out of the door in the pouring rain to try this AWESOME Mexican food. I was tired of the chain restaurants and wanted something authentic, not to mention the rave about the margaritas.Alas, my boyfriend and I went to Three Amigos for lunch yesterday. Talking about shabby chic - just the way I like it. From experience the most shabbiest places has the best food. If you're looking for ambiance, this is not the place for you - go to Cantina for that (their food isn't all that great either). Anyway, so my boyfriend and I ordered the enchiladas. I had the Enchilada Verde...hands down I loved the sauce. When they placed that mound in front of me, I said..surely I can not eat all of this BUT as soon as I took my first bite, I smiled!My boyfriend ordered the enchilada with the red sauce, I want to say it was called Enchalada Roja - he enjoyed it as well!We will definitley be back and will try the other dishes my fellow Yelpers have raved about. BTW, the chips and salsa was okay - I've had better at On the Border (I know...CHAIN!) I'm so not a fan of Chain restaurantsUntil next time, Yelp on fellow Foodies!
2	The food gets three and a half stars. The service on the night we were there gets one star. The environment gets one star.Temperature was about 87 degrees. Ceiling fans rotated, but we could not feel any air where we were sitting near the front window. Salsa gets four stars. Chips get three, maybe four, because they were warm and the waitress kept bringing them as if she knew our food order would be late.About an hour after the boys and I got there, we still didn't have our food. I had to go get my wife, who was working late, so we were up against a deadline. I asked that it be boxed to go.Well, we left, late, sweating, and thoroughly disgusted. But fortunately, when we got home, the food tasted good. I split a poblano chicken enchilada, rice, beans, and vegetables with my wife. It was very tasty. One of my sons had three tacos that he said were a good bit better (and more expensive) than what he was used to at Taco Bell. The other son had a shrimp dish that he ate about half of (portions are large, and he doesn't eat much at one sitting, especially after consuming copious quantities of chips!), so he liked it. He's picky.So, here's my take: They had an "off" night for service. But they might be slow as a general rule, too. The place has a very tiny kitchen, a small bar with about 8 - 10 stools, about five or six booths, and about that many tables. I saw two waitresses, who were helping in the kitchen as well.We got there about 6:10, and left about 7:20 with food in hand. When we arrived, it was busy. When we left, it was full. So folks were waiting a long time for their food.The food is authentic, tastes good, and yields authentic gastrointestinal effects, typical of its type. But the wait was unexpected and unwelcome.I may try it again when I have extra time, but time is something I have less and less of these days...UPDATE: The manager read the review you just read, and emailed me that they did, in fact, struggle that night, with new personnel involved. He apologized for the wait, and asked that we consider giving them another try. Kudos to him for being nice and humble. We probably will go back in a few weeks to check it out.
2	So, we finally got a chance to head back over to Three Amigos after our poor experience the first time. And needless to say, this trip wasn't any better service-wise. The only reason I'm not dropping to a 1 star is that the busboy was very helpful (and the only person on staff that we saw in the dining room for the majority of our time there). Here's how our night went. We were seated immediately in a fairly full restaurant. It quickly became apparent that most of the tables were waiting for checks, so we figured we were starting off on the right foot. The fabulous busboy brought us our chips and salsa and waters. And we waited. And waited. And waited for a full 15 minutes before a server came over to take our order. I got the combo with a chicken taco and a chicken enchilada; my boyfriend got the enchiladas verde. And then we waited. And waited. And waited. The busboy (again) came and filled our waters and brought more chips. Then we waited some more. Until 35 minutes later when our food was delivered. And after all that waiting the best food I had was the free salsa on the table. No joke. The free salsa with chips was the best thing I ate. We then had to flag the busboy (yes again) down to bring our check. I didn't even let him set it down before handing him my card to pay. I was done waiting. We then saw our waitress for the last time as she brought our check. I hardly recognized her. But I can tell you exactly what the busboy looks like and that he was working his bum off the whole time. If I'd had any cash I would have handed him the tip directly.We will not be returning to Three Amigos. I'm honestly not pleased that I've now paid $50 for two meals and both were mediocre with some of the worst service I've had. Ever.
3	So, I went over to the place which is in my neighborhood - figuring even mediocre mexican food is still pretty good.  And that is pretty much what I got.The food that I had was decent, not great not horrible, but very serviceable.  The chips with salsa were quite good, and they even broke out the spicy green salsa which was a good bit spicier but not as flavorful.  The tacos al pastor (marinated pork) were fine, but as is the case often with those tacos, a bit dry.  The sides of rice and beans gave me plenty to eat.  The beer was fine, and if I had known the dos equis was only 3 dollars a bottle I would have stuck with that rather than the negra modelo.In terms of service, I sat at the bar and was well served by my waitress amoung others.  Everyone was quite friendly and helpful.  That said, the meal did take a loooong time to come out, especially from a not quite full restaurant.  They kept me happy with chips, salsa, beer and conversation so Im not complaining too much.  I really liked the casual but friendly vibe.The prices are fine, but I didnt find them to be ridiculously cheap as another poster said.  I am new to charlotte but would pay the same type of price in any taqueria in brooklyn.So, overall it wasnt a memorable experience, but even still it was alright and Ill probably be back to try some other plates since it is in the neighborhood.
5	absoultely delicious! seemed  very authentic. i stopped here while on a road trip and it was definitely worth the ten minute drive off the freeway,
4	Good portions of great food!
5	All I can say is this place deserves all of it's rave reviews.  I got a little taste awhile back at a Yelp event but I had yet to stop in for myself and experience what this place really has to offer.  The menu is extensive and has all your traditional Mexican favorites like tacos and burritos.  DO NOT  leave this place without trying the enchiladas.  I decided on the Enchiladas Rojas I think I made an excellent decision.  Most Mexican joints I've tried in the area if I order enchiladas I get a big plate of greasy cheesy goodness with some unmemorable sauce.  Not at Three Amigos the waitress asked if I wanted my red sauce spicy (she must know me)  this was the most delicious enchilada sauce I've ever had it had a really nice kick to it.  $8.99 three huge enchiladas and after all my chips I took two enchiladas home and had dreams about them all night.  They were just as good the next day.As you can see I highly recommend Three Amigos.
5	Best Mexican in Charlotte.....Period.
4	Food served til 4 AM?! Umm yes. This is a great place to go after a club to soak up all that alcohol you drank there. Honestly, I went here twice. Once, I don't remember clearly but the faint memories was delicious! At late night though, they only serve Dominican sandwiches. No worries though, they're delicious.I had a nice house margarita and an awesome 'Rickis' sandwich. The cabbage gave it a crunch which differs from the other sandwich. The 'Churris ($5)' instead has one beef patty instead of ground beef and onions. I tried the 'Churris' last time I was there and faint memories said that it was amazing, but then again I will have to try it sober to remember the exact details.I will definitely come back more often, because it's just a great place to just hang out. Not that many people come through so it's quiet to talk. Most likely though, I'll be coming here after the club before I go home.
5	Have eaten here three times.  Twice for lunch.  It was very good but ate there last night and it was fantastic.  Arrived on a Friday night and the place was packed.  Ended up sitting at the bar.  On the previous two times service had been uneven but Sasha was our server and she took excellent care of us. (She is very nice, explained the menu and is smoking hot) The chips are fresh and the salsa is out-of-this-world. There was a guy getting takeout and I asked him what he recommended.  He said it is all good but his go-to item was the enchiladas mixta.  I got that and told Sasha to mix it up steak and chicken.  Got two steak, two chicken with a piece of grilled skirt steak.  The chicken was good but the two steak ones were beyond compare especially the one with the mole.  I think Sasha said that it was the "poblano" one.  I am amazed at the negative reviews.  The restaurant itself is not much to look at and the parking is tight (there is parking behind the restaurant) but other than those two small things I have nothing negative to say.  On my other two visits I would have given them four stars because of the service but Sasha is the best.  Nice and personable.  Food takes a while to get there but I think that is because everything is so fresh.  They even have the Mexican Coca-Cola in the thick glass bottles made with real sugar.  My buddy had a margarita which he said was top-notch.  Did not sample any desserts but saw them serving Flan and huge pieces of cake.  If you want atmosphere probably not your place.  You want great food; you will have a winner.
5	Have to do a quick update for my favorite Mexican spot in the city. Dalton, and the crew at Three Amigos offered to host my company holiday party this past Saturday night. All I have to say is Three Amigos continues to impress.Out of 13 people, my wife and I were the only ones who had ever been here so I was very excited to show my co-workers some great, authentic food. We arranged to be served family style for such a big group and everything was perfect.Started with pitchers of margaritas, a few beers, chips, salsa, queso fondito (chorizo & onion) and their incredible guac. I had asked specifically if they would make us some empanadas off of the late night Dominican menu and boy am I glad I did. They came out next, stuffed with either chicken or beef, they were incredible. Then came huge platters of rice and beans, followed by enchiladas served with either rojo, verde, or mole sauce. All 3 were incredible. Also served was Bistec ala Mexicana, which is basically a Mexican beef dish, served in a sauce of tomato, onions, chili, and a few other veggies. That stuff was amazing!!They finished up with desserts from a local Mexican bakery, Las Delicias, (which will be reviewed as well).  We had a full Tres Leches cake, flan, and guava empanadas. The staff was amazing, and very accommodating, especially considering we got a little loud towards the end of the night. (Patron shots will do that to ya)Big thanks to everyone at Three Amigos, you have forever won me and many of my co-workers over for best Mexican in the city.
4	Good!
4	Great place for a decent mexican meal.  Went there with the Google offer coupon wondering if would be ok and it was good.  The chips and salsa are pretty good - the chips have some kind of seasoning on them I've never seen at a mexican restaurant but the were delicious.  The food was good as well, definitely not amazing by any means but very functional for that cheesy hangover cure I tend to get a craving for time and again.  Specials seemed pretty good too - $2 corona's on sundays and $2.50 on Mondays. They even have an all you can eat enchilada day during the week along with more pretty awesome drink specials.  All in all its a good restaurant with good food, if you want amazingly good mexican go somewhere like cantina or something like that.  If you want a good meal at a good price made by authentic mexican people you can't go wrong with Three Amigos.
4	Eat here!  One week before I leave charlotte for most of the year and I FINALLY got around to eating at Three Amigos...and I was so happy!  I'll be in Arizona for the next two months, and I wonder if I'll be able to find more authentic mexican fare than this.  Perhaps more authentic, but more delicious, I don't know.  The table chips and salsa was just how I like it, the salsa kind of watery and the chips hot and salty.  (I don't like chunks of salsa, I just like to coat the chip with salsa flavor as opposed to actually eating the peppers or onions, which don't agree with me.)I didn't try the margaritas (I was driving) but I kind of wish I had because I love them. I ordered the Enchiladas Entomatadas, which is "3 tortillas hand made with cheese and Mexican sausage, lettuce, tomato and sour cream served with rice and beans" (according to the menu).  It also came with some cut up avocado.  The enchiladas seem to have been covered in red sauce, and the enchiladas are only filled with the sausage, and sprinkled with a bit of cotija on top, and finished with a drizzle of sour cream.  It was all buried under lettuce and tomatoes so I'm not entirely sure WHAT it was but I am sure that it was G-D delicious and I gobbled it all up.  The rice wasn't like any mexican rice I've had, being full of peas and carrots and corn like Chinese fried rice, but it was really good.  I wasn't a huge fan of the beans (I still ate them all, though, because I am a fan of beans and cheese in general.)  Service was good, the room is pretty small.  The 'La Belle Epoque' painting in the women's bathroom was amusingly out of place, but kind of endearing.  EAT HERE!
4	Two words: Super. Yum. Three Amigos is consistently good, fast and friendly. I love that it is open after midnight (shocking here in Charlotte where the concept of late night food seems to be lost on the restaurants). I love love love the enchiladas. Overall, I'd recommend dining here very highly. Gets minus one star only because I've had a few very mediocre take-out experiences(i.e. cold food, wrong order, small portions), but no one is perfect.
5	Mexican with mole, in Charlotte? Sign me up. Turns out it's delicious? I'm stoked. My favorite mexican in Charlotte, by far!
4	I bought a social deal to try the place. It was already a deal! The food is very reasonably priced but also very delicious. We will definitely go back.
4	Good food, friendly staff and strong margaritas.
5	Holy moly guacamole! Tonya P. & Nicole W. introduced Dion L. & I to the deliciousness that is Three Amigos today. How I haven't been here before is beyond me, but wow, I'll become a regular now.First off the chips: Seasoned & crunchy! There's nothing worse than soggy, soft chips...no fear here!  And smart Tonya got us an order of guacamole - FRESH guacamole. Nice sized tomatoes & cilantro & good consistency/texture of the avacodo.$5.00 margaritas on Friday? Why not!? They're huge & so refreshing, but had just enough tequila that I was one & done.  Poor Dion was headed into her big girl job, so she couldn't enjoy any. :(I went with the four steak tacos off the lunch menu...but you can order them with chicken, too. And of course, I got the cilantro & onion, which was heavily piled on. I'm cool with that!  Both were fresh, the onions a little too fresh; even after partaking some yelp mints, I'm still tasting onion. :D The steak, was in small tiny pieces & tasted SOOOO good! Wow, I was so impressed.  Normally I'm used to the steak in tacos being the skinny strips of steak, so Three Amigos way is much better.  It was seasoned nicely, too.Other notes: Prices are very reasonable, place is clean, & service was exceptional.  Cons: It's pretty small & parking is extremely limited.
4	The salsa they serve is probably the best i've had at a mexican place. I had the mole enchiladas. It was a a lot of food.
3	The Good: Seasoned Chip's and delicious Guacamole! Insane portions, many selections to choose from, clean & tidy restaurant. Food presentation was very nice. Very liberal with the avocado as a garnish ( a huge plus in my opinion)The ok: Not a huge deal since it's only a dollar but still, the server was friendly but didn't disclose up-charges (i.e $1 extra for more tortillas). My boyfriend is pretty easy-to-please so he liked his steak fajitas but I thought the steak was sinewy though the flavor was really nice. My enchilada roja was way too spicy (for me) so I probably would order something different next time. The bad: We called ahead to use our yelp deal, which was a good thing because the fine print says it's not valid on Fridays and Saturdays.....but according to the person on the phone, for some reason it's not valid on Sundays either. It's fine if you're  not going to accept these deals on certain days, but at least have that information clearly printed at the time of purchase.Also, I despise canned soft drinks at a dine-in restaurant mainly because I am the type of person that needs a sip with every bite. I found myself finished with my Dr. Pepper well before my entree even arrived and I didn't want to pay $2 or so for another canned soda.
4	Love the enchiladas!! They say they are their specialty & they're not kiddin! They have a full page of enchiladas. Everything takes incredibly fresh. Service & size leave alot to be desired  but the food (& portion size) is well worth it!
4	I've decided that every return trip to Charlotte should be marked by a visit to Three Amigos. This place is a legit little Mexican cantina on Central with solid food and quite good drinks.I tend to avoid giant Margaritas (bad tequila experiences in my youth) but they're serving up some good ones here that are definitely a must-have. As for the food i'm definitely a fan of the Enchiladas; particularly the Enchiladas Rojas which have just the right amount of spice without being completely overwhelmed by tortilla and beans like at many Mexican spots. The service has been hit and miss. The staff are very nice but they tend to disappear for a bit after you've gotten your food (I'm still waiting on my water).All in all this is a great little place and all the positive reviews are not far off.
5	Absolutely the best Margarita I have ever had and I bartended for many years! Great service and the food was fresh and delicious! I am from upstate New York and we do not have authentic Mexican restaurants, this was such a treat!!!
3	I'm an early bird by nature and scheduling. Lunch and dinner are always early on the weekdays. My lunch hour is usually 11-12.  It can be hit and miss at times for that reason, because some restaurants will use "yesterday's" food when they first open for the day. Not this place. They proudly boast on their website that everything is fresh everyday and I do believe that. But why only a 3 star rating? Here we go...I was seated quickly with only a few other customers present. I was given chips & salsa, ordered a drink, and was given time to study the menu, which is pretty extensive. I ordered a lunch portion of the chimichaga (that's usually my Mexican restaurant gauge-not too hard to screw that up) but waited what felt like forever and a day to get my sweet tea. I had been eating on the chips & salsa and swallowed wrong at one point and didn't have my nectar to help me out. The tea finally came and saved the day. My meal came pretty quickly after wards and I was astonished at the size of this thing.I feel like I should break down my meal: Sweet tea was meh. Chips & salsa were pretty good but I wasn't all that impressed. Chips had a good crunch but even with the season-salt on board, they weren't all that flavorful. The salsa had a good taste but I like mine a little bit on the thicker side so it doesn't run off the sides of the chip too much. The chimichanga as I said before was a mammoth. I made the mistake of ordering it with steak instead of chicken because I had read on other reviews that the steak in this joint had a good flavor. Not on this particular item. Nothing a little salt...well nothing like a little salt and the rest of my salsa couldn't take care of. Beans and rice were bueno. I found myself mixing everything together into a pseudo-stew to help enhance the flavor of my chimi because I was a bit disappointed in it being so bland. Still, a pretty decent meal at a little over $8 for lunch.I do intend on making a return-visit here and will try something else, particularly some Friday when the jumbo margaritas are only $5! Yeah, I will drink that mutha and go back to work, no problemo. Maybe with the right meal and a little buzz, I can give an update with another star or two.Your pal,Walter
3	Three Amigos is Okay.  I've been here about 4 times so far, at least twice with coupons. I don't have anything very bad to say, but nothing very good either.The restaurant is very small and dive-ish which is kinda cool. I've had servers that were decent, but this past Friday night our server was horrible. She forgot the queso we ordered, our beers, and left us without water refills for way too long (which is just cruel when you're eating spicy salsa!)The quality of the food is simple. It's definitely NOT hyper-processed and packaged... but it's not super fresh and top of the line either.There's not a lot of vegetarian things listed on the menu, but they can alter most of the options to be veggie friendly by substituting zucchini, onions, and tomatoes. No special seasonings with the veggies, just chopped and seared. I don't like the refried beans. I do like the chips and salsa. The mole sauce is good.On the whole, I might come here again, but Three Amigos is far from my first pick of Mexican fare. Thumbs up for being local and NOT a chain. But thumbs down for terrible service when they're busy and boring food.
3	I'd like to give this place a 3.5, but for my initial review I'm going to have to leave it at 3/5 stars.  The location on Central Ave is pretty convenient, although this is too far east to still be in a nice and urban area like Plaza-Midwood. The shaded and verdant, albeit trash strewn, briar creek greenway is next door if you want to take a walk afterwards.Some of the other reviewers claimed that the waitstaff hadn't yet mastered the English language, but I was disappointed to find that their English skills are impeccable (I wanted to practice "mi Espanol!").  The service is a little slow, but the servers were nice enough to make me feel relaxed enough to not want to hurry.  Another Yelper said that you need to ask for the picante salsa if you don't want the mild gringo stuff, but the one they brought me wasn't hot either and didn't taste good at all.  Kind of like taco bell's chipotle sauce but more burnt sandy taste.  The regular salsa was good and the chips were great.  Our neighbor's guacamole looked fantastic.The tostada was fine, but not too special.  My GF really really liked the fajitas, which I also found tasty, but they were a little lacking in the fajita spice flavor that I was expecting.  She said that she only wants to eat fajitas from now on when she goes to a Mexican restaurant (so it does have the ability to please).  I also had an enchilada that was pretty good with pretty decent sauce too.  The best of all was the chimichanga which had a nice thin tortilla which made it so that it wasn't too oily or rich.  Combined with the meat and beans and queso fresco it was superb.I could easily give this place more stars, but honestly it wasn't as good as I was hoping.  My collegiate years in San Diego have certainly spoiled me.   It's pretty tasty, reasonably priced, and has good enough service so I recommend checking it out.  But it's not quite as "sabroso" or "rico" as I was hoping.
3	MY GF found this place on Groupon, and we went there before the Asobi Seksu show at the Visulite. I'm a fan of Mexican sandwiches, so I ordered the Torta Cubana (refried beans, lettuce, tomato, carne asada, hot dogs, chorizo, bacon, avocado, sour cream, and eggs). It didn't disappoint. I have a HUGE appetite, but was only able to finish half of it. Although I've long said that La Unacia has the best tortas in town, I think this one is slightly better! My GF ordered the enchiladas rojas with cheese; the actual enchiladas themselves were fine (no better or worse than any other Mexican place), the SAUCE was simply AMAZING! It was so complex, it nearly mimicked the layered spices of Indian cuisine. We will absolutely come back, although the wait time for the food was a bit troubling: 35 minutes seems like a LONG time for a Mexican place!
2	I am officially missing the boat on the big deal on Three Amigos. Always crowded whenever normal people eat, the service leaves everything and my mother to be desired. I understand that they're probably nice people but during my latest (abeit, 5th) attempt at giving Three Amigos a shot, they took over 30 minutes to get me 1 beer and forgot our appetizer for our table entirely. The food is OK, but that's coming from someone who LOVES Mexican food so I'm always wild about everything because how can you not love any and everything Mexican? This is where the problemo lies - theyr'e just not doing anything great at Three Amigos. I got the taco salad and in the past have tried the enchiladas verde, nachos and fajitas and all are - eh. The bathrooms - ick! They get less attention that the tables, so needless to say on busy nights they're not visions of cleanliness.Part of me just wants to love all over some Three Amigos because I love East Charlotte and love Mexican food and love establishments that love Yelp, but Three Amigos, I sadly will say adios and go to you no longer.
2	I'm here from Houston working at uncc for research...after nearly a month of no mexican food, I brought my parents here since they made the 18 hour trip to see me....after seating ourselves...our waitress spoke to us in spanish. Spanish??? really? I rolled it off even though it was quite annoying. The chips and salsa came...the chips were decent enough-nothing to rave about but the salsa tasted like ragu meets some cilantro and onions. It was terrible. I ordered enchiladas which weren't awful my father dined on the mole which had the same sauce as my enchiladas....bland at best. the only thing that made my enchiladas worth it was the queso fresco that topped it. The beans were more of a blob...nothing special- the rice was fairly decent. Everything on my plate lacked seasoning. My mother had no complaints about her meal but she's nicer than I am. The waitstaff was nice...they are a bit lax but coming from Houston I kind of expected it...after my remarks about the salsa they promptly brought us different salsa which fit more of my expectations. Overall it was ok...nothing special not good enough for 4 stars...maybe I showed up on the wrong day...or maybe I'm just used to better mexican food.
3	I guess I have to give this place another chance...but I'm sorry to say...had higher hopes.  The service is terrible, it took forever to get our food and one beer.  Our server kept coming back to the table to ask what we ordered...get a pen and paper hunny.  The food was good, not great.  I've had way better authentic mexican in Charlotte.  Hopefully they wow me on my next visit-haven't ruled them out.  Hate to hate on a local establishment...but just keepin it real...
5	LOVE the food! I used to live in San Diego, then Houston. The Baja Mexican and TexMex are missed, for sure. Until I had Three Amigos, I had just about given up on the food here (no offense, Charlotte). I'd never had Quipe. It was delicious. The Margaritas are also superb. While the restaurant may not have the best ambiance, the food is some of the best I've had anywhere.
5	Best Mexican I've eaten in Charlotte.I grew up near Chicago, which has a big Mexican population dating back to the 1930s, and I lived for four years as an adult in Southern California, so you can say I'm a big fan of Mexican.  My litmus test for any Mexican joint is the beans, and this place passed with flying colors.  All the food I've had here was good.  If I were 20 years younger and lived closer to this place, I'd eat here three times per week.
4	Love this place!Definitely easy to pass by with out giving a second thought...don't do that!Prices were great! Check their website before u go, they have kids eat free, 1/2 off desserts, and half of beers days.love that you get free chips ad salsa (although the salsa is a bit thin)prices were awesome and portion sizes are great!
5	Best Mexican i've had in Charlotte. Chorizo Queso is amazing!
5	CRAZY good food, drink specials, not cheap on giving you a TON of queso with your meals/apps, and the chicken nachos are INSANE!!!...Seriously, picture a serving plate for Thankgiving with a nice big turkey on it; thats the size of the chicken nachos u get, loaded with white chunk chicken, cheese and everything else you'd want PLUS big slices of fresh avocado..For $7!  I'm a big dude and i can only eat 1/2 of it and take a shitload home. Staff has always been friendly and tho not speedy fast not as slow as some here indicate (seriously have you ever had lightening service at a mexican restaurant consistantly? If you've ever been to Mexico the pace is just a little slower than here and i think that feeds over)....I'd give it 7 stars if i could!!
5	This place is amazing. Everything about it, the food, the people and the margaritas! Can't recommend it enough, do yourself a favor.
5	This place is FOR SURE worth a shot!  Nestled in a somewhat sketch plaza down Central a bit, you may miss it if you're not paying attention!  I actually found it via other Yelpers.  Always drink specials and food specials most nights!  All-you-can-eat Enchiladas on Thursdays.  Very well priced.  $13.50 for mixed grill fajitas- nice sized shrimp, chicken and steak!!!  Very generous portions... My roommate and I shared one meal after discovering the big quantities on our first visit!  We stopped in the first time on a Saturday night.... FREE Bingo starting at 9:30pm!!!  We won gift cards and free "Three Amigos" shot glasses!  Yum chips and salsa, $2 tacos EVERYDAY!!!  Great, affordable Mexican food!
4	Jalapeno Sauce the consistency of Mustard!  This Sauce gets Five stars for flavor!  Be careful this is pretty HOT!  We were adding this to every dish only in small quantities.Lets start at the beginning!  My Amazing new Girlfriend likes Mexican food, might be her favorite food so when I asked POPROCK LOVE for a place the five of us could meet for a early Labor Day Dinner, she chose this place without hesitation - I have been wanting to check this place out!My Girlfriend and I arrive and POPROCK LOVE and her Husband had a table for all of us...This is a fun place to meet friends and hang out!  We had a taste of a non-Margarita Drink (not not,mic mic, nick knack know what it is called) Grapefruit juice? Something?  It was good!  Good enough that one taste cured me!  If you think that is funny you should have been there when it happened, if you do not think it is funny read again and check your sense of humor, It's funny! The Chips were Exceptional and the Salsa was very good!  I'm usually not a fan of much Guacamole, Guac seems too mild for me, yet I like the oiliness of it!  This Guac with a little of the Jalapeno Sauce was good enough that I bet everyone else at the table was wishing they had invited my Girlfriend to eat without me.. I ate more of it than the next two people combined and I was not hungry! Great start! !  ! My Girlfriend got something like an Enchilada and something like a Taco.  I liked the "Taco" better... Since we have not been dating that long and Mexican is not a cuisine that I am that familiar with, I wanted to eat what she ordered... One of our friends who will remain nameless (you can call him Alejandro from Ecuador and he is from Ecuador) gave me half of his meal (something like delicious PORK wrapped in a soft shell with Onions and Cilantro) This was VERY, Very Good!Is it a Hole-in-the-Wall?  Kinda, Not to me, because it is plenty Clean though about what you would expect for the address!
3	Very casual, small, inexpensive Mexican place with the standard fare.  Sometimes I feel guilty getting the standard plate of enchiladas, beans, and rice.  But it's good!  My husband and I both had enchiladas and the kids had a quesadilla.  Great place to go if you want typical Mexican but want to feel that it's at least semi-authentic.
3	I get the hype. It's where the locals feel comfortable eating more traditional mexican fare. I think it is worth feeling a little more uncomfortable and driving a little further down, or even down south blvd for alternate restuarants. Recently had some tacos, the pollo was dry, the al pastor was tough. The chicken soup I randomly ordered was delicious so I give them props for that.
4	The food and service at Three Amigos is always fantastic! I've never had a bad experience!
4	Fantastic Latino street food and REAL margaritas (none of that mix-from-a-bottle stuff)!Among the dives of Central Avenue is Three Amigos, a fantastic blend of Mexican and Dominican food that is loaded with flavor. Real hand-made corn tortillas, flavorful meats, and slightly addictive rice await you. I've had their burrito, an open-faced knife-and-fork endeavor that uses fresh avocado in lieu of guac, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Most recent visit, though, I skipped the plates and assembled my own entree from the street food menu. Two gorditas (completely forget the Taco Bell tragedy you are thinking of - looks and tastes nothing like that) and a side of rice. My hint to you: go for sausage as your meat. Spicy without being hot and a perfect black char give it a smokey quality.The margaritas are to die for - order one, you won't regret it. They arrive as a clear drink with a slight cloudiness and a lime wedge. Why not the customary radioactive green? These things are fresh! Silver tequila and fresh lime juice mix to create these Three Amigos signatures.They can get crowded, however, so shoot for a non-traditional meal time to get seated faster.
3	One of us was a little skeptical about this place as it is located far enough down Central that it starts to get in the not so nice part of town.  But we ended up liking it a lot actually despite the location.  The place was clean, service was good, we parked out front but we got the last spot...not sure if there are other parking options.I don't remember exactly what we got but for those of you who are Jim Gaffigan fans you can be sure it was some sort of meat, cheese, and tortilla mix.  Sorry, couldn't resist.  We got the carne asada and the enchiladas al hormo.  Both pretty good.  Also they served drinks (sprite) straight from the can...not bragging or complaining...just stating a fact.I know our rating seems a little low for how much we liked it but the problem is that the difference between bad Mexican food and good Mexican food just isn't that much.  Especially when you are talking about Americanized Mexican food.We give it 3.5 amigos out of 5
4	I had been to a Yelp event awhile back that had food from Three Amigos, so I knew before I came to the restaurant that they have good food.  So, recently when I dined in for the first time for Chad's suprise party, I discovered that they have good service here as well. This place is on the small side but popular and known for good food, so even on a weeknight, the place is busy. Still, even as busy as they were, our servers took really good care of us and really hustled. My favorites here included the Chicken Empanadas, chips & salsa, jalapeno salsa,   queso fundido, and churros.  I was not a big fan of their guacamole - too much onion for my taste. For my entree, I ordered the Enchiladas Poblanos - which consisted of 3 tortillas filled with chicken and  Mexican Mole Poblano sauce topped with cheese & sour cream.  This was served with beans & rice.  Sadly, the mole was not the most delicious that I have ever eaten, but it was ok.  I probably will order something different next time I am here.   I thought the rice was a bit on the bland side and I am not a huge fan of refried beans.  Next time I will probably skip these items.I also tried a bite of the Chicken Enchiladas Verde. It had a bit too much onion for my taste, so I probably wouldn't order this dish here next time either. But, they have plenty of other options, so next time I visit, I will definitely check out some of their other offerings.   The prices are very reasonable here, our bill for 2 entrees was under $20 before tip.
5	Y'all - this place has the BEST Mexican food in CLT. It's authentic, fresh and full of flavor. Their mole sauce and margaritas are to die for. Sometimes the food takes a little long to come out but the taste is well worth it! Be prepared to eat way too much because the portion sizes are more than plenty. Seriously, don't let the sketchy looking shopping center fool you, this place is a Plaza Midwood GEM!
5	Easily some of the best Mexican food we have had in Charlotte. Had the enchilada mixtas and started with some guacamole. Really enjoyed it all. Solid service. Tuesday 1/2 price craft beers is an awesome special!!
1	I have to say that this was the worst $45 I've ever spent on a restaurant.  We spent $45 on an iced tea, two cans of Coke, which they advertised as bottles (no refills-I'm comfortable with the no refills, but honestly expected something interesting like Coke made with cane sugar from Mexico at $2 a bottle).  We also had cheese dip, which reminded me of the unfortunate time I made the mistake of buying the microwaveable cheese dip in the grocery store for a quick, easy app.  We had the mixed fajitas which had mushy vegetables, were overcooked and dry and a bit "over-caramelized."  My partner had the shrimp tostadas.  Both were bland and had nothing authentic about them, more importantly they were lacking ingredients advertised, such as sour cream. Just when you thought it was impossible to mess up tortilla chips, there's were burnt, reheated, and stale.I've traveled throughout Latin America, lived in Spain and Mexico, and along with my Hispanic partner agree that my mother-in-law would never put any of this food on her table. It was just poor, disappointing, and i feel sick at my stomach from this food.Whether it's been a five-star restaurant or a taco truck, I've had better food elsewhere and I'm greatly disappointed at the value for the price paid. At no point, even after seeing our barely eaten food, did the server ever ask if everything was okay.  I wish that we had left once the plastic, buttery wax of a bowl of cheese dip arrived...
3	I figure after more than ten visits, I should probably do an update.  As much as I hate to do it, I feel like it's no longer worthy of five stars.  I still like this place, but here's why:1. They have a lot of "off" food nights.  I can think of at least twice I came here, and my food was not very good.  The chips did not taste fresh, the salsa was bland, the meat tasted a little burned, and some of the food was WAY more spicy than usual.2. The space is really cramped.  I am so glad it is busy there, but the space is so small in there.  The tables are very close together, and it's pretty loud all the time. Despite these minor issues, I still enjoy this place.  They definitely still have some superbly tasty and strong margaritas, which I really enjoy.  And you can still get a tasty entree here for $8-12.  I have a feeling some of the issue is how much busier they've gotten in recent times.  I'd still give them a solid 3.5 stars.
5	delicious.  great atmosphere.
5	Hands down best Mexican food in Charlotte. Some of the best I've ever had and I've had Mexican food in A LOT of places.
5	Oh my! I think that this may be one of my favorite mexican restaurants in Charlotte. Everything about it was...dare I say...perfect? If you're driving down this end of Central Ave., you would never expect to have such fine Mexican cuisine. Let's just face it, it's not the best looking strip of road in Charlotte. If you've ever seen "Bridesmaids", and you remember the part when the ladies go eat at the scetchy mexican restaurant and they all get sick. Yeah, that's not this place! lol I had a deal through Yelp that I've been needing to use. $10 for $15. Great deal! When you sit down, you get these tortilla chips (like at every Mexican restaurant) but these are different! They have some kind of magical spices on them! I almost ate the whole basket, without salsa!!!! I ordered the camarones a la diabla. This is a dish I enjoy at most Mexican restaurants. Three Amigos does it the best. It arrived to my table steaming hot. It was so spicy (not overly spicy), which I loved. I also had a house margarita. It was huge! More than enough. Love this place! Great for lunch or dinner.
5	Why, oh why, did it take me so long?I pride myself in my love for good food and diversity of samples.  I'm embarassed it took me this long to visit this staple.  One Monday at work, a coworker told me I had to go to Three Amigos because it is the best in Charlotte.  I jumped on Yelp and saw Benjamin G's great review as well - I knew time was of the essence!My bride and I went on Fat Tuesday to take in all it had to offer and I couldn't be happier.  I've found my new Mexican joint!  Excellent margaritas that are reasonably priced.  Anytime I can get a 8-9 dollar margarita with 1800 tequila, I'm a happy man.  We shared chips/salsa + chorizo cheese dip.  She had the tacos and I sampled the 4 sample enchildas.  I can't wait to return and will definitely do so.  If you love fresh mexican food at great pricing, swing in.  You won't be sorry.
4	When we got here for dinner, as is the case with most Mexican restaurants, we were given the chips and salsa. Some chips had a red paprika seasoning, some had what looked like black pepper and some were plain. The salsa was amazing! We got the chicken empanada which was extremely delicious and full of flavor. I ordered the shrimp soft taco combo and my boyfriend ordered the tostada and enchilada combo. His food was great, but I forgot to tell them I didn't want sour cream on my tacos and didn't realize it till my order arrived -- not a big deal, I just scraped the sour cream off but my tacos still tasted like something was amiss even after adding some of the hot sauce. My wonderful boyfriend poured some of the salsa left over from the chips and voila my shrimp tacos were perfect!I was also quite impressed with the service. Although our server took longer than normal to come to our table to take our order, she was very pleasant, polite, and attentive.
2	They use to be very delicious. Back when they were Casa de Enchiladas and then a chef that used to work at Hawthorne pizza bought it out. It change to Thee Amigos and I believe they kept the same cook. There have been on a few occasions when I would eat their Enchiladas Verde and asada tacos. It was amazinggg. This was when they use to include a grilled mexican onion with it. On a few ocassions the rice was a little hard however I overlooked it because their salsa verde was amazing. However,  the past few occasions their steak meat just tasted so bland. And I am reallyyyyyyyy hoping the owners of this establishment is reading this so they can improve . Which is for them to please cook their meat how it was before in beef fat or whatever they use to cook it in. The steak just tasted extraordinarily bland.. Their rolled up tacos that they fry tastes great with chicken. But in summary the truth is they use to be good and now with competition around them...l think they need to step it up. I determine if a restaurant is good if the restaurants own ethnicity eats there. For example Chinese at Chinese restaurants...Mexican at Mexican restaurants. Anyhow the majority of my friends no longer eat there. We now eat at Pulgarcito (which serves Mexican, Honduran, and salvadoran food)... Given they dont speak hardly any English at Pulgarcito. There food is so much better. Last time my friend ordered plaintains Three Amigos..They burnt it to a crisp. Who does that? Frying plaintains is not hrd. If you know its burnt... It's going to taste like crap. Then don't send it out to the consumer! However, their red salsa and salsa verde is worth trying the restaurant. And I appreciate the fact the owner took the time to reply back. Hopefully our next visits will be better.
4	OMG, it's no wonder this place is packed during prime hours.  The food is literally the best Mexican I've tried thus far.  I used to think Azteca held the crown but the power has swung full swing into Three Amigos' hands!  Reading the reviews I too had to try the margaritas.....delicious!  I had the enchiladas (came with 3) for my main meal and it was equally divine.Important to know about this place is, yes it's campy inside, yes it's crowded but believe me it's worth it!
5	I love, love, LOVE this place. The perfectly seasoned chips & stiff, cheap margaritas are worth a visit alone.  I drive 45 minutes to eat here, it's that good. I love nachos and that's all I've ever gotten here but the people I come with order a variety of stuff and seem to love it. Give it a try!
5	I finally found a legit Mexican Restaurant in Charlotte other than Monterreys.  I ordered the Alambra, the steak was seasoned perfectly.  The staff was very friendly, an I love the old world music (opposed to spanish hip-hop).  I will be eating here several times a week from now on.
4	A little dive-y and the service can be slow, but the food is delicious. The first time I came here, it was about closing time, but they managed to whip me up a huge (special order, since I don't eat rice) burrito. I was drunk, no longer hungry, and very happy. On my second trip, I headed over for lunch and enjoyed their enchiladas while my husband got the fajitas. Yum and yum. Third trip was with my British mother-in-law. The Brits aren't terribly familiar with margaritas, so she had never had one outside the bucket style mix. This one knocked her socks off. I tried a ginormous Dominican sandwich and she had... something delicious, I don't really remember. Extra chips & guac all around. Now, I want to go back. My husband has beef bourguignon braising right now and all I want to do is run off with my Mexican lover, Three Amigos. I dream of refried beans.
4	Definitely a fan. The waitress was sweet and accommodating. The salsa and chips, with a seasoning, are great. As for the entrees, the best Mexican I have had in Charlotte! The only reason I didn't rate Three Amigos a five is because the timing. We waited a while for the entrees, but they were worth it. Will definitely be back!
5	Three Amigos is special for several reasons:1.) You can tell that everything here is made from scratch from the best ingredients they can source because everything is absolutely delicious. Chips are on the house, but try them with a side of Guacamole, it is the best I've ever had! For the 1st two years after I discovered this place, all I ate were the Enchiladas Poblanas. I LOVE Mole, in fact, Mole Poblano is the national dish of Mexico and is very intricate and difficult to make, but Three Amigos kicks its butt! The flavors that come out of their mole are so intricate and layered. It is such a perfect combination of spicy, sweet, salty and tart that you cannot actually taste those individual flavors because it just becomes this whole new amazing combined flavor that should have its own name! Lately though, I have been addicted to their Quesadilla de Lengua, or Tongue Quesadilla. I know the thought of tongue scares some people, but in Mexico, Central, and Latin American we have been cooking with it forever, and Three Amigos has it down to an art. There is no other cut of meat that I can think of that can have such a tender texture. If you do not want to commit your whole meal to tongue, order a tongue taco on the side, and you will never look back. Also, on Fridays and Saturdays from 10pm-4am they serve a Dominican menu. It is all greasy, delicious, Dominican street type food and if you've had a little too much to drink I cannot think of a better place to get something to eat and sober up!2.) I discovered Three Amigos about 3 years ago, when you barely saw any Americans in there, and it was fantastic. A short while later they put out some daily deals and to say the least, word spread like wildfire. Unfortunately, in my experience, when such a significant spike in demand takes place some restaurants get overwhelmed and start cutting corners and buying pre-made ingredients. I was very worried that this was going to happen to my beloved Three Amigos, but if anything, the opposite took place. They rose up to the challenge and continued to do what made them famous in the first place, and that is to serve authentic and delicious Mexican food in an incredibly friendly environment.3.) The final thing that makes Three Amigos special is the fact that aside from serving delicious food, they go out of their way to help customers create unforgettable memories. I've had a couple of birthdays here and my husband and I had our joint Bachelor/Bachelorette pre-party dinner here exactly a year ago and Three Amigos is not only accommodating, but they go above and beyond any expectations that you may have. I dream to one day own a restaurant like this, that is not only adored and remembered for the food, but also for the memories they helped create!
1	I went to Three Amigos to order one tostada for starters the chips and salsa brought out to the table was bland the chips were cold when my  dish came out they brought out three tostada's instead of one. When I brought this to the waitresses attention she stated that she made a mistake and took the other two tostada's off my plate! This alarmed me because I figured why would they want to take back to items off my plate I could have coughed on them or anything and your not supposed to re-serve them to other people!!! Needless to say I was very disappointed and will never return I also question they cleanliness and wonder what they did with the food that they took back off  my plate!!!!
4	We were not in the mood for cooking dinner one night and we love Mexican food. The result - we went to Three Amigos after reading some nice reviews. The place was a bit small, but managed to have a bar within the premise, and was comfortable enough to accommodate quite a few people. The waiters arrived promptly, and took our orders. Nachos and salsa were on the house and we ordered guacamole along with it - guacamole was very good. For our entrees, we ordered Enchiladas Poblanos and Fajitas de Pollo. The Fajitas was served on a hot plate, and we enjoyed making our own Fajitas with the little corn tortillas. The enchiladas were also good. We had next to nothing left over, and what ever was left, we boxed it and had it the next day. Overall, a very nice dinner, good ambiance (a bit noisy, but this should be expected), good service and we had a nice experience going there.Tip - First Check-in with Foursquare would give you a free small guacamole when you buy two entrees.
5	My husband and I moved to Charlotte about 9 months ago from Los Angeles.  We are both native Spanish-speaking Latinos and grew up in households where eating traditional Mexican foods as well as Central American foods was part of our daily lives (I'm from Nicaragua and my husband is Mexican-Cuban).... Coming to Charlotte, we knew that it would be difficult to find food that even comes close to the awesome-ness of LA's Mexican-food scene.  We are truly foodies when it comes to Mexican and Latino cuisine.... Well, Three Amigos is as close as  you're going to get to the BEST Mexican cuisine in Charlotte.  All the food is made from scratch and they serve traditional Mexican fare: tacos in warm corn tortillas, topped with onions and cilantro; Enchiladas made from scratch with authentic sauces.... If you eat meat, their Al Pastor is pork marinated in spices over 24-hours and is phenomenal... The Gorditas are hand-made: thick, hand-made corn tortillas stuffed with goodness; Plus, you can tell everything by the rice and beans (the staple of any mexican dish or latino dish)... Their mexican rice is just like my father-in-law used to make and refried pinto beans that are fresh, not from a can!You cannot get Mole anywhere else in Charlotte that is authentic - this is the only place I have found that makes an amazing mole....  Plus, if you've got little ones, they are a family-friendly spot too... Our two-year old loves it here!  The service is great - everyone is friendly and attentive.... you may have to wait a little bit for your food but that's because it's actually home-made and not "reheated" from a can.... Do yourself a favor, and head over there for some delicious food!
4	Yarora - tasty-  French fries smothered in ketchup, ground beef, mayonnaise abd cheese -      Could nit even eat small large porti.
4	So I took a jaunt to Plaza Midwood for lunch with some clients and friends.  TA has been on my radar as authentic and delicious.  I actually drove right by the place and turned around.  It's a rather small place tucked in a cruddy shopping center with very little parking.  Since I was runing late, my friends were already noshing on some beautifully green and tasty guac and tortilla chips.After ordering, I realized why it is considered so authentic. My tacos were small flour tortillas open-faced with cubed beef cheese and cilantro. A heaping side of rice and refried beans.  I did ask for sour cream but never got it.  The portions were hardy and topped with the guac and salsa from the table made them quite tasty.  My friends ordered the pork belly tacos, shrimp quesilda and burritos.  All the portions were huge and the burrito was gorgeous, deep friend and top with queso sauce, sour cream tomatos and lettuce.  Believe me when I tell you that I didn't eat another meal until breakfast the next morning!
4	Food here is awesome. the portions were very large and definitely will fill you up. i had a chicken chimichanga. the shell was crispy and delicious. flavors meshed very well with each other with no additions of hot sauce. for dessert we had the flan and it was good.
4	Great Tacos, I love the 4 Taco lunch special.
5	Great food! I was in Charlotte for a small day-conference and we dropped in. I ordered the shredded chicken taco salad as I usually do at mexican restaurants. I have no complaints about this place. If you're in town, try it!
3	All you can eat enchiladas on Thursday were really good but didn't come with a side. I'll be back to check out more of the menu.
4	Really good authentic food. Fast service and good prices.
4	The tacos al pastor here...DEAD SEXY! They're the pork tacos. Sweet, sweet cubed pork goodness. (Not actually sweet) GET THEM. I also love that they have a la carte here. My only complaint is that they seem to give a little less food with take out orders, but that seems to happen everywhere. What the hell, universe?GO HERE. GET THE TACOS AL PASTOR. LOVE YOURSELF.
4	Traveling through Charlotte we went out of our way to go here based on the reviews. Solid drinks, food, and salsa. Portion sizes are about right, Did it blow my mind? No, but if you are looking for solid mexican food at fair prices and dislike chains than this is the place int he Hornets Nest.
5	WOW I love this place!  Yep it is in a little shopping center off Central.  Small bar and dining area but service is quick and friendly.  I have had a variety of dishes here.  The salsa that comes out when you first sit down is my fav of any mexican place in town.  Not to watery and not too chunky - just right!The margaritas are HUGE and the perfect refreshment on a sunny day.  The enchiladas and taco salads are plentiful and just the right amount of spicy.  There are TVs around and the wait staff is so sweet they have let us change the channel if we are looking for a specific game.  So sweet!Love it here!
4	Was pretty good!
4	Ok... So I eat here WAY too much and may be slightly biased as it is pretty much " in the hood" but people for those of you who were saddened by La Unica's passing:  BE SAD NO MORE!!!  This place is the real deal taqueria... It's not pretty, it' plenty divey, it's small and the ac can be dicey but it is (as Granny used to say) Goo-ood.  From the beer selection and Margaritas to the chips/salsa and the ENCHILADAS you cannot go wrong!!!  The service has been getting better bit by bit over the years and now (perhaps cause we are regulars) it is a-ok most nights.  Cheese dip with chorizo will make you Hap Hap happy and indifferent to the fact that your arteries are clogging and if you are a big mole sauce fan then this one's for you.  Get a big margarita and at up y'all!
3	So I had the food again recently and their steak is so much better. The food I would give five stars It was so flavorful and moist. What I am giving3 stars about is the misguided oricing. I thought was interesting that I went with a few friends for lunch, and they didn't give us a inch menu but I did not think anything of it. So I order an enchilada and tacos cambo. And it was $8.49 or $8.99. Keep in mind that I went around qw:30 so it was lunch time.  Didn't think anything of it, but now ai looked on their website and that should have been priced at $6.45. And then when my coworker placed an order for tacos.  Oh yes keep in mind that they only have refills on water and tea. All their sodas are given in a bottle or a can.and no free refills on that.
4	First timer here and I loved the place. The chips and salsa are just the right mix of tomato, onion, cilantro, and heat along with the lightly seasoned chips. The enchiladas verdes were a revelation but the Alambres was more Philly cheesesteak fajitas than anything else. I'm not saying I know truly authentic but I know when I'm getting something Bubba would like. Still loved everything else enough to give it a dos thumbs up :-)
3	***DISCLAIMER****I'm from California, where there is no shortage of tasty Mexican food.With that being said, I really, really enjoyed the Roja enchiladas.  Deep, rich, savory sauce really ties the dish together.The other enchiladas I tried were so-so.It would be best to pair the enchiladas with a tasty Margarita (or cold Mexican beer) and you have yourself an afternoon delight.
4	The enchiladas poblano (mole) will change your life. Seriously! After spending a Sunday at Carrawinds, my family and I were famished. With a party of nine, we wanted something good, filling, and inexpensive. I whipped out my phone, pulled up my Yelp app, and searched for best Mexican restaurant near our current location. Thank you sweet Yelpers for sending us to this place! The restaurant space is on the small side, so we had a bit of a wait. Luckily there were a few available chairs at the bar and a few empty seats on the patio. The men opened bar tabs and sipped on brewskis while the waitresses cleared tables and made space for our large party. Once seated, our drink orders were promptly taken. Shortly after, drinks were delivered and food orders were immediately taken. Everyone enjoyed their meal! I accidentally ordered the wrong sauce for my enchiladas; since I was starving, I decided I would just keep them. After a bite or two I realized the sauce was far too spicy and acidic for my palate to enjoy. I called our waitress over and apologetically explained that my enchiladas were too spicy to enjoy. She, without hesitation, said "Don't worry! I will bring you the correct enchiladas. There might be a wait since we're packed. Is that okay?" I replied yes. Thinking it would take a while to receive my new dish, I decided to enjoy my rice and beans as I waited. Not even five minutes after removing my old dish, the waitress returned with freshly prepared enchiladas. Holy MOLE!!!! :)Whenever I'm in the Charlotte area, I will be sure to return. The food is fresh, authentic, palate pleasing, affordable, and the customer service is great! That's a four-star visit in my opinion. And judging by the other comments, my fellow Yelpers agree!
4	What a gem we happened to stumble upon while escaping the incense filled interior of the pho place across the street. I often lament the lack of good Mexican food in Charlotte, but no longer. Veggie chimichanga was filled with diced zucchini, onions and peppers. Perfectly fried and topped with cheese sauce and a salad of lettuce, tomato and avocado. So filling I could only eat half. Husband had the carne asada and said it was the best he'd ever had. High praise from an extremely critical foodie. It was thinly sliced, seasoned and tender. The salsa is good but the cheese dip disappointed. Thick and flavorless and cold. After reading the reviews, I realized I should have gotten the queso fundido. Next time...
5	Delicious! Awesome salsa! I would drink it if no one were looking. The girls are very nice and the margaritas are just about perfect. There was really nothing that could have been better. Go try it! Get a lot of salsa...
5	This place was amazing. You should make sure to come here and use the deals they have. The portion sizes are huge so don't fill up on too many of the delicious seasoned chips and salsa!
5	Five stars yes! Food and price are good fresh handmade food. My family and I we have a good experience.
5	Got here on a Monday...it was packed for a rainy night with sleet & snow falling...I have been wanting to come here since living in Charlotte.... So glad I come today because I'm moving out of state this week...Well the staff very friendly ...my waitress was HOT! ok let me talk about the food I got a free Epanada for checking in on yelp..I order the highly reviewed Carne Asada  ....and my waitress suggested it over the Enchilada order I was thinking about ordering.. I'm so glad she did.. the steak was cooked and seasoned to perfection..... I am glad I had the opportunity to try this place out before I moved away from Charlotte
5	We have crowned a winner for Nikki's favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte. Three Amigos, I hope you have a victory speech prepared.Let's start with the chips and salsa. Can't.stop.eating.these.chips. What are these things laced with? I haven't had the guac here yet. Why? Because I have a massive crush on the cheese dip. Get it with onions.I usually stuff myself full with all of the above, but somehow manage to force down some of my meal. I love the enchiladas. All of the enchiladas. Plates are huge. Huge and delicious.Typically, I just get a water when I'm here. Hello, I need to save room for all the chips. However, on Fridays the big margaritas are on special. Who can say no to a giant margarita?! Yes, it's in a little shopping center on Central. Yes, all the neighboring businesses have bars on the windows. Yes, the sign on the convenience store next door reads "Do Not Enter with Mask or Hoodie." Don't let any of this stop you from visiting Three Amigos. Trust me, you'll thank me.
5	LOVE IT! A must go. Super friendly staff, great booze and even better food. Expect to wait about 20 minutes for a table for dinner. Lunch is a bit faster. YUM!
4	This place is usually busy with a 20 minute wait time at peak hours on Friday and Saturday. Their margaritas are awesome and they even use fresh orange juice instead of all that sugary sweet and sour mix. Portions are large in my opinion and as a couple you can leave stuffed with a 25-30$ bill (excluding alcohol). My favorites are the queso dip, tostadas with pork, and their chicken tacos because they are so fresh tasting. Sometimes the service is a little slow, but overall this is my first choice if I want mexican food!
5	I love this place. It is authentic as you'll get in Charlotte. I judge that mostly by the way the tacos are served in traditional Mexican style(cilantro, onions, meat, limes).Also, they have craft beers and drink specials all night. Note...This is Plaza Midwood, not Myers Park, so more divey than richy...Highly recommended!
5	I love this place already im waiting on my food and im already completely satisfied.   Amazing staff and great atmosphere!
5	Great margaritas, great beer selection, great home made salsa on the house, and home made Mexican. Nuff said.
2	From No Culinary Backwater.A much anticipated but, a highly disappointing meal . I grew up eating a lot of Mexican food. Most was very good and some very very bad while living in California. Visiting Mexico City I was introduced to more authentic flavors. My friend's mother was a great home cook. She made fresh hand made tortillas. There was very few things which where much better than that. My first job as a line cook was in a Mexican restaurant. I was a souse chef in a hot Tex-Mex place in San Fransisco. Making friends with the remarkable Chef Guillermo Peters of Canal Street Bistro and his modern take on Mesoamerican cuisine . So I have a pretty good grasp on what makes a good meal from Mexican cuisine. Moving to Charlotte I was missing taste from home. My wife and I kept on hearing about Three Amigos http://www.threeamigoscharlotte.com/. Canned microwaved , over seasoned or bland. Spanish rice made with frozen vegetables and condensed chicken MSG laden stock does not entice me to comeback. If your only exposure "Mexican cuisine" had been Taco Bell I guess you would call this a great place. For my time and money If i want good Mexican cuisine , I will have to make it myself.
4	This place is the bee's knees! Best guacamole in Charlotte! The chips are made fresh and are seasoned making them so delicious you could eat them by themselves but the salsa is also amazing! I ordered the steak chimichanga. It was good but not as crispy as I would have liked and it was filled with more rice and beans than steak, I'm used to them being more cheesy with the meat and peppers and onions inside, so next time I will ask to hold the rice and beans. My bf ordered nachos, a taco, and a burrito. Claimed he was starving and didn't even get through half of it because the portion size of the appetizer nachos was huge, enough for a stand alone meal. He loved all of his food. Also, you get a free empanada for checking in on Yelp how awesome is that! We will have to redeem ours on the next visit because the food we had ordered was more than enough.
4	Coming from San Diego, it's been hard to find good mexican food in the CLT. Three Amigos is my savior. Chips were freshly made and the enchiladas Rojas were fantastico. I'll be back, probably next week.
4	Authentic Mexican! Great Queso. I'd been missing mexican since I left Texas, and this is the first place I will visit again. Not fancy, but has a friendly staff and great food. Did I mention they had soccer (and then rugby) on the TVs!? Love.
1	When going to this restaurant I thought that I was going to be really satisfied with the food after reading all of the "great"  reviews, BUT I was unpleasantly surprised. First the sanitation score is a 94 which should have given me the heads up. It is a very run down establishment very dirty. There was particles floating in my water, I order the Arroz Con Pollo which took over 25 minutes to get after we put or order in and it was BURNT! When I say burnt the onions where burnt to a black crisp! It was very unpleasant, I will not be going there EVER AGAIN!
5	Great little autho-Mexico dive on Central Avenue.   Ordered a heaping pile of veggie fajitas.   OMG so much food.   Sizzling hot and yummy corn tortillas.   I'll be back with friends.
1	I really do love your food. I had heard that you guys deliver so I googled it and to my excitement yes there was a tweet that said you do indeed deliver.  I went to your website to place my order but couldn't find the delivery option. i tried to create an account but that was a headache because it said I already had one, so I tried to retrieve my password for said account. Your system then said I did not have an account. I created one using another email account. Still no sign of delivery. I finally decided to call. This was a mistake. Daneilla answered the phone. I asked if you delivered she had to ask others if you did or not. The answer is no and said you tried it but it didn't work out. I understand that but why is there still a tweet about it? That is what I asked her and yes very frustrated at this point. She said she would let her manager know in a very "dismissive" tone. This made me more frustrated and angry. I just said take the tweet down or let people know you don't deliver, in a gruff tone. She then had a sarcastic tone to her voice and it was rather disrespectful. She could have asked if I wanted to come and pick something up or maybe what would make me happy but she would rather anger a now "non-costumer" more than he already is. As I stated I love your food it's your attitude I can do without.
5	Excellent service, great margaritas and fantastic food! The most authentic Mexican in Charlotte. The pork and pineapple tacos are a must have. My new favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte.
4	And they serve breakfast all day. No Sunday brunch crowd either.
5	Oh man. Three Amigos, you stealer of hearts and filler of bellies. Every time we go, we wonder - why don't we eat here EVERY MEAL? I wish I could say I've tried everything on the menu and loved it, but the truth is we always order the enchiladas. Always. And we are never, *ever* disappointed. When's the last time you honestly said that about, well, anything?Go. Go NOW. Just don't take my parking spot.
2	After reading all the wonderful reviews about this place, we were really excited to check it out. We walked right in, had a seat and places our order- simple menu items for a group if 4. We waited 45 minutes for our food, with empty glasses and no attention until 30 minutes in. We watched many tables who came in after us get their food before us, as our order was blamed on "a lot of take out orders". Finally got the food, chicken had no flavor, beans were mediocre, there was an overall lack of flavor. I will not be rushing back there any time in the near future.
5	I really enjoy the food here and consider myself a regular. My very favorite item on the menu is the margaritas! They are the perfect blend of tart and sweet with the smokey tequila taste in the background. Delicious!  The enchiladas are to die for and I also like the fajitas. The service is good, even on busy nights. This place got 5 stars because they really have the best authentic ingredients that I look for when craving Mexican food. I have yet to find another eatery that can compare to Amigo's mole and chili sauces. Well Done!
5	Best Mexican in Charlotte! Authentic and where all the locals eat. The restaurant is not in the best part of town, but do not be afraid the atmosphere is great. The staff is very welcoming and the food is delicious. Generous portions for the price. Ask for Abraham he is the bomb and is the best waiter!
3	I came here three Sundays ago. The reality didn't live up to my hopes. Coming from Los Angeles, where Mexican food is abundant, it left me wanting more. I ordered chicken fajitas, refried beans, rice and flour tortillas. It wasn't nasty, just not delicious as widely proclaimed.
5	Love the shrimp tostadas! I get them on lettuce instead and theyre SO good. Margaritas are perfect!
3	I came here for dinner with my husband and was surprised at how small the space is! It is super close to the new place we are living so it is really convenient and we had read good reviews. The chips have some spice on them which I wasn't used to seeing at these sorts of mexican places but don't let that bother you, you can hardly taste it. We were really pleased with the salsa, it was pretty standard. The rest of the meal was good, nothing to write home about but exactly what you would expect. We both had the bean burrito with cheese sauce on top and a side of rice. We were happy with what we got and will come here again as it is close to us but I have had other mexican in charlotte that I enjoyed more.
5	Three Amigos Restaurant is a little place that I'm happy I found!  The food was excellent, and their Margaritas are the best I've ever had!I will definitely return to Three Amigos!  The waitstaff is friendly, and food was brought out fast!
5	A new favorite, without a doubt. Great beer specials and the burrito was amazing -- fresh, full of huge chunks of moist chicken breast and topped with fresh goat cheese. Big fan
5	Hands down, the best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!We came here on Friday afternoon for lunch for the first time. This little gem is located in a small shopping center off of Central. Doesnt look like much of a place, but the food is absolutely amazing!Since margaritas are on special on Monday for $5, I decided to splurge on the drink the size of my face. (My husband got a XX). Usually, house margs are just ok. However, this house margarita was absolutely perfect. My husband took a sip and agreed. Get it and you wont regret it.We both ordered off the lunch menu. I ordered the one taco one enchilada. I got the chicken enchilada roja and a beef taco. My husband got the Jalisciences (which, btw, he completely botched pronouncing!). Usually Mexican food kinda all tastes the same to me. However, both of these dishes had very unique flavors and tastes. The sauce on my enchiladas was absolutely perfect! Also, my husbands dish had a side of steak....yes, you heard me, side of steak! Both of our dishes were great, but I think his in the end was the winner.Bonus: Both meals were under $10!Next time I get a Mexican craving, I know exactly where to head to!
3	Decided to give Three Amigos a try after a certain amount of recommendations and reviews about the place. I visited on a Tuesday night with my friend and surprised at how small the place is! It's a true hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant.We ordered the (small) house margarita and I found it to be a bit bland. I didn't get much flavor or 'oomph' from the drink. I've definitely had better margaritas. We were given the standard complimentary salsa and chips and I ordered a small portion of the guacamole. The salsa? VERY good and the chips were slightly seasoned which provided a nice flavor. The guac was good, it tasted very fresh but nothing else that was of note to remark about.I ordered the enchiladas de horno (chicken enchiladas with cheese, onions, cilantro and avocado) which came with re-fried beans and rice. I loved the portion size of the enchiladas. They weren't your standard oversized portion found at other Mexican spots. My biggest problem with the meal was that parts of the rice was overcooked. Like, crunchy bits of rice which is a big downgrade for me.I've had better Mexican food but I'd definitely give Three Amigos another try!
4	Fantastic hole in the wall! Great staff and even better food. The mole is not to be passed up! Chips have a great seasoning on them.
4	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! So happy about the location, since it is right near my campus! The white queso dip is flawless, and everything tastes super fresh and flavorful! Not only does the food taste incredible, but the staff there are very helpful, when asked about the menu! SO GOOD.
5	Love this place!!! Best little hole in the wall Mexican I've had in Charlotte. Staff is always friendly.
3	Good food, but service was slow. We arrived as a bunch if tables were turning over, so I thinks tickets got mixed up in the kitchen. At least two groups who were seated after us were served & finished eating before we got our meals. Our server was attentive in keeping our chips, salsa, and drinks refreshed. She apologized for the delay and noted the manager was in the kitchen cooking to help catch up the backlog. I will return for the food, but hope for a better orchestrated service.
4	We were worried that we would Never find real Mexican food here in Charlotte. The tacos are amazing and the service here is great!! So excited that they are just down the street.
5	Three Amigos is a hidden jewel on the cusp of Plaza Midwood. If you come here you will not be disappointed. They staff will make you feel right at home. The food is the best... The Mole is off the charts. If your live or if you are visiting Charlotte, you will definitely want to make a stop here.
5	We were craving Mexican food and we saw the good reviews on Yelp! so we tried it. We went on a Saturday evening.  It is a tiny little shop, but that is ok with me! The staff was friendly. Food was so very good! The prices were reasonable. We really had more food than we needed! I recently started eating Gaucamole-so I am very picky and I absolutley loved it! We will be going back!
3	Tried the burritos hoping it was better than the last one I went to. It was a little better but authentic enough. The steak was not cooked fresh. It seemed as if it was cooked earlier today and was reheated. This is probably why they served it so quick. They poured too much cheese over the burrito. We asked for guacamole and we got slices of avocado. They do not have unsweetened tea. The waitress was new and was friendly. According to the pictures I see here in yelp looks pretty good like the tacos. I'll probably give a second chance and try a different order. Coming from California it's just I've had great Mexican food and I've been to a lot of them.
2	I have been eating here since they opened.  I have had some wonderful meals and some barely edible meals.  No consistency at all.  Very high turnover in staff for whatever reason.  You never know what you are going to get.  They have been open long enough to have figured it out.  Enchiladas are normally very good.  Authentic tacos are good and consistent.  Simple is better.   Hard to recommend.  Sam P.
4	Got to admit that I hate eating alone....but I'm house sitting and not in the mood to cook. So at the advice of my daughter I looked on yelp for something nearby.Found three amigos...and people were waiting for seats. So I felt sure it had a localfollowing.  Went right in and asked the waitress at the bar if I could get take out.No biggie ... Saw some giant margaritas all around me....so I ordered one and she brought me chips and salsa.   Drink was great...could taste the cilantro in the salsa.   So there I was alone at the bar having a great drink w/ chips &salsa,...take out was ready so off I was.   Great spot. Food was decent too
4	This is as close as you get to authentic Mexican/Central American food in Charlotte.  The key to most any kind of good cooking is fresh ingredients and the ingredients here are as fresh as you will find around these parts. But, having just come back from Arizona, I can tell you that the Mexican food around here simply doesn't add up to what is available in that part of the country.  I really can't figure that out.  Anyway, like I said, for around here, worthwhile.
4	Three amigos . For a small place they did a very good job!! The place was clean, the server was great!! The drink specials are insane!!!       Food- if your going there for salsa and chips . It was fair. Taste like they use tomato sauce in it. More like tex me  than mexican. But after that it was really good. I had the taco special. I like to order the crazy kind of stuff. So I ordered the tongue taco, pastor ,asada, shredded beef and tripe which they did not have so I got chicken instead. The hot sauces were very tasty.There was only two kinds. Food was hot, tortillas were also hot . I also ordered a tea and then I changed my mind to horrchata( I hope I spelled that right). A rice drink with a hint of cinnamon. It went great with the taco and reminded me of the small taco stands in Cabo in the city not the tourist area. I told the waitress I would pay for my tea. So she left it on the table. As I was about to pay , being stuffed for a great price. She said she would take the tea off the bill because I didn't drink it. Ok folks just this small gesture made a huge impression on me and how these servers take care of there guest. Just for the service alone I would go back. Now I read some other reviews about the service staff that were not that good. This server was new by a couple of months and knew how to cater to the clientele. Great job
3	I mean not the best joint, so it's okay... I had the Enchiladas Verde which was decent... maybe I'm not really into the Green sauce... unless it's the Taco Bell Salsa Verde... I know I know... it's Taco Bell, but it's still good.  When I checked in I got an offer for a free Empanada. I was psyched because my friend ordered one and shared and I was in love. It was perfectly folded and stuffed, cheesy with seasoned chicken. It's funny because my free one looked like they dropped it on the floor and decided to give that one to me since it was free. It was a nice lunch spot (not many lunch specials), so  I can say I gave it a try, but I probably won't go back.
5	Staff is always nice, food is prepared when you order it so its always hot and fresh. If you like Mexican food, give this place a try.
2	So I have been here a few times. I am not crazy about bad reviews but I couldn't even eat my lunch the last time I went. Its always just one thing that is not good BUT that one thing is enough to give me a reason to stick with my Taco Trucks for a while. Sometimes its the soggy chips. Sometimes the salsa tastes like marinara sauce. It's just not my cup of tea. The service is good. The beer specials are good. I just need to break from the disappointment for a bit. I will go it again in a few months I'm sure as it is close to my office. In the meantime I need to brush up on my spanish - no one at the Taco Truck on South Blvd speaks english!
4	I was looking for some good Mexican, and the Yelp reviews all (mostly) pointed me here, which is a good thing since it looks a little sketchy from the outside, and I never would've gone without seeing it here. A friend and I ventured in on a Thursday right after work, and we were the first ones there at 5:30; by the time we left around 7:15, the place was hoppin' with mostly yuppies and families.Our waitress was so nice! We started with the queso fundido ($4.49), and it came with chorizo and onions - a new thing for me, but delicious. We both got the tacos al pastor ($8.95), and they were superb! My friend wanted them to be a little spicier, but I like mine sweeter, so I was all set.Great food, great service, inexpensive - a fantastic trifecta!
4	Always great tacos and XX amber.
2	Food was okay, maybe 3.5 stars but that's about it. House margaritas were not good at all, and the service was poor. The atmosphere doesn't help and was not exactly a 4 star rated restaurant by any means. Recommend spending your money elsewhere.
5	Great coffee, great food, great service.I love coming here, but it's small inside so if it is busy be ready to wait.Coffee has sugar and cinnamon- if you actually like coffee try it.
5	The food was delicious and so fresh tasting!  I ordered the enchiladas rojas. It was spicy, which I love. I had plenty of leftovers. Great deal for the price! I would recommend this to anyone:)
4	Love the Enchiladas Poblanos!
3	I had Nacho Supreme with steak and it is HUGE. It is enough for 3 persons meal.  Taste is decent. Also had Enchilada and it is ok. The red sauce had too much chili spice. Not going to order that.  I will go back here to try other food. Maybe I'll try the tamale next time.
5	Great food. Good prices. Excellent service. Best Mexican food in the area. Chips and salsa are delicious. Make sure you try the cheese dip. Shrimp fajitas are my favorite. Plenty of leftovers or to share with someone else.
4	Great lunch options and pricing for the amount of food you get - which is plentiful!!!  Service was quick and courteous and the food comes out in a timely manner even around lunchtime when places can get busy.
