4	I had a couple of nice brunches there with friends. Tried the sweet dish and the savory dish, the crusty crunchy toast and de awakening coffee. Will go back there again for its communal seating and of course the food.
4	I had a delicious lunch here.  The Plat du Jour for $13 was a big portion of perfectly cooked bowtie pasta with a pesto and goat cheese sauce.  A couple of slices of grilled peppers sat on top looking very pretty.  I washed it down with a glass of Illuminati Riparosso for $7.50.  They had a high chair for my friend's baby.  I love the long communal tables but they also have individual tables.  The room is long, narrow and modern in decor but still feels cozy and intimate as the tables are quite close to each other.  I could have spent more time drooling over all the delicious gourmet foods up front that you can buy to go.  I heard that if you buy food you can also buy wine to go.  This would be a perfect spot to pick up your picnic ingredients in Old Montreal.
5	Completely Amazing is all I have to say!  had Sunday brunch there yesterday with my wife and 3 friends on the recommendation of the concierge at Hotel Gault.  Atmosphere at Le Cartet had us on entry (hard to do with 4 young hip architects from Toronto in the group).  Service was superb and the food...sublime!    Arrived at 10am which is early for Montrealer's and found it already packed.  A 5 minute wait landed this party of five at one of the long communal tables.  Who knew they opened at 9am on Sundays?From a traditional Farmers Breakfast style to the healthy fruit and granola options, each one is served fresh and with a little panache!Their little front shop had lots of grab-n-go fare as well as the most amazing assortment of chocolates!  I think we spent more in the store than on lunch!
4	i usually go for saltier/egg-y brunches but this time i tried out their sweet brkfst meal (i dont remember off the top of my head the name, but it came with plain yogurt/crepes/toast/apple sauce/fruits). it was amazing! the plain yogurt was a nice way to off-set all the sweet stuff.surprised this place has such few reviews. no regrets. i'm from Toronto but if i ever go back to Montreal, definitely hitting up this spot again.
5	We stopped here for brunch on the way out of a weekend in Montreal, and were blown away by the food.  I had the Brunch Sante, which featured poached eggs over shredded greens, herbed chevre and multi-grain toast. It also came with ginger granola and blueberryies over a yogurt that had the consistency of creme fraiche, some fresh fruit, aged cheddar, and a fig.My wife had a Brunch Sucre, which included crepes, with blueberry and candied orange peel, toast topped with homemade apple-puree (almost half-way between applesauce and apple butter), and the yogurt/granola combo.  Both brunches came to about $15 each, and included drip coffee (delicious) and orange juice.  In addition, the space is beautiful, with excellent use of wood, metal and air to provide an open environment.  We were in a bit of a hurry, and though we never mentioned it, the food came promptly and our server was attentive.  If we hadn't been leaving the city, we would have definitely availed ourselves of the market in front, too.If you're visiting Montreal for a weekend, it's totally worth a stop.
5	Great stylish brunch spot in the old port. Good selection of food on the menu and the servings are generous. I had the brunch Cartet, which came with a ham and cheese croissant, salmon cake, salad, fruit skewer, aged cheddar, and a fig. It was so generous that I couldn't finish it, but it was delicious nonetheless. My friends ordered brunch sante and brunch atlantique and everyone was very satisfied with their food. If you go for the brunch and mimosa you're looking at about $30 with tip, but given the quality of the food, the service, and the beautiful decor it's worth it. Would definitely go back!
5	An amazing selection of chocolate from around the world in the little store at the front of the restaurant!Great place for brunch: good food, stylish decor, friendly staff, light and airy space.
4	Lately le Cartet has become my regular breakfast spot. I enjoy the communal table seating and the interesting art found on the walls.The food isn't half bad either, the atlantique brunch and the soft boiled eggs are my favorite toped off with a cafe au lait in a bowl. Everything at le Cartet is good I've never heard anyone complain about the food.The service on the other hand can be hit or miss, if one of the waiters friends happens to drop in for a coffee you could find yourself waiting for them to finish the conversation before they come take your order. All in all Le Cartet is very nice place with good food and OK service, just remember this is old Montreal so the prices are old Montreal prices a little expensive.
4	Based on some reviews, we decided to head here for a quick lunch on our way out of Montreal.Walking in I was completely amazed by the unsuspecting interiors of the place.  We stumbled upon this place around lunch time, so the joint was packed with the buzz of hungry people.The food selection was impressive and the service quite friendly considering how busy the place was.The only problem arose from there only being two servers for the entire lunch rush, which led to longer than ideal wait times for our food and bill.Afterwards, we picked up a few items from their great take out selection and headed on our way.All in all, the experience was quite positive: the food and the atmosphere were fantastic despite the service being a bit slow.
4	My two previous visits to Le Cartet during prior visits to Montreal were unsuccessful, as I always seemed to have a knack for arriving just as their kitchen was closing. I was excited to get there at 11am on a weekday to find the kitchen open, but my happiness was crested when I found out that only a limited menu was served in the time between breakfast and lunch. So, begrudgingly, I chose a goat cheese and vegetable frittata -- one of only two options available. Given that there were only two options, I thought I'd get some sort of half-assed meal, but I was totally wrong -- the frittata was awesome: fluffy, perfectly cooked, and served in an individual glazed cast iron ramekin (I'm a sucker for food in individual compartments). I also ordered orange juice, which was fresh-squeezed but not too pulpy.  On my way out, I grabbed some prepared food from the cold cases near the front of the shop to stock the fridge in my nearby rental. Delicious, and without the prefab food taste or feel you might get at other delis.  The best thing about my visit, however, was non-food related -- the cafe has this great artwork on the walls by an artist named James Kennedy (http://jameskennedy.ca), who uses hot rolled steel to produce these really interesting (and reasonably priced) pieces. My partner and I dug the art so much, we contacted the artist and purchased a piece. So, thanks to Le Cartet, I left with a happy tummy AND a very cool souvenir of my trip to this amazing city. :)
3	This lunch spot in Old Montreal looks quite unassuming from the street facade. However, the inside is quite spacious with a pleasing decor. The crowd is a mix of workers clad in business suit and trendy yuppies with plastic rimmed glasses.The front of the restaurant also has a nice selection of takeouts, including some gourmet canned food like "Duck smoked meat". Please remember that as a great alternative the next time you have an urge to buy a "5 Dollar Foot Long" for dinner :P  The food was quite good although I was a bit disappointed with the small size of my sandwich. My friend had the dish of the day (lamb rack served with polenta and veggies). Quite good and a good value according to him. The dessert made up for it. I tried both the Praline chocolate mousse and the Pecan pie: both delicious!it won't be my everyday lunch spot but worth a try. Expect to pay a little bit more. It's however expected considering the location.
5	Went here for breakfast twice during a 2 day stay in Montreal. The food was absolutely fantastic and the ingredients were very fresh. Everything was arranged on the plate with many different components each adding their own flavor and contribution to the overall meal. I would definitely go to this place again if I happen to find myself in this great city.
2	I want to be able to give this fresh place more stars, so maybe I'll go back and try again- but based on the brunch I had last Saturday, this is the most deserving rating.  It looks great when you walk in~ fresh food displayed, great decor.  The menu is diverse for brunch.  My friend got an egg dish and latte which she really enjoyed. I on the other hand had my mouth water over their Banana Coconut (french) Toast with Yogurt and fruit.  It looked good when it came (~5min after my friends dish), however the top toast was lukewarm and the bottom refridgerator cold bananas throughout the cold toast.  I asked the server if it was supposed to be cold and she apologized and took it away.  Only to return a few minutes later with the Same one I tried before, now pipping hot and soggy ~ I suspected microwave- and asked if that was the case. She said no, but  they would now make me a fresh one.  Surprised that didn't happen initially.  Much to my surprise, a "fresh" one arrived burnt! not just a little either...  Done with sending it back I ate around the most burnt pieces.  Coconut torched is not the most pleasant taste.  Maybe this was an anomaly, but surprised that this was my experience.  The good thing is that the waitress was very friendly and nice- but the kitchen was off for my dish.
4	Worth the wait! We waited outside on line for about 20 minutes before being seated. Once we started eating, we completely forgot about the wait. For $15 we were served a cup of coffee or cappuccino, a glass of fresh squeezed OJ, 2 poached eggs on toast that had been smeared with goat cheese (OUTSTANDING!!), a cup of fresh yogurt topped with homemade granola and black currants, and fresh fruit. Would have been a 5 star review, but the waiter forgot our Amuse Bouche and we had to ask multiple times for the check. In his defence, he was very friendly and the place was super packed.
4	Had the Atlantic brunch plate - it was outstanding... what a great combination of all the ways you could enjoy salmon...  well worth the wait, and have already recommended this to other friends visiting Montreal.  As a frequent brunch diner in NYC, I can honestly say that this place was brilliant, and that many NYC places could learn from Montreal about brunch - especially the skewer of fresh fruit!
4	Sometimes life gets too busy or exciting for mundane things like getting groceries or cooking, and you need a neighbourhood go-to place where you can pick up a relatively healthy meal on the run. For me, Le Cartet is that place. I know I can always grab a goat yogurt, a fruit cup, and an Illy coffee for breakfast. For lunch, they have a nice selection of sandwiches and salads. My favourite is a salad with salmon two ways: smoked and flaked with some mayo. The shelves are full of a variety of gourmet items, including enough varieties of fancy chocolate to keep even the most die-hard chocoholic busy for days on end. They also do a pretty killer brunch and a decent sit-down lunch. In summer they have a few tables on the McGill sidewalk.
4	Again, the yelp posting says its "Good for Kids: Yes" and I disagree slightly.  It's probably good for kids who can sit in their own seat and not in a high chair.  If you have a kid who needs a high chair, I would probably bring your own food for him/her.  The high chair that they brought was a bit disgusting. They obviously do not clean their high chairs every night. We were one of the first when they opened so it's not like tons of other kids used it before we got there.  Also the choices are few and far between for a one year old. There are no waffles, pancakes, or anything of that sort.WIth that being said, my quiche was tasty and was accompanied by a lovely side salad.  The coconut banana bread was also very yummy, not too sweet and not too coconutty.  My husband ordered the crab extravaganza - crab benedict, crab cakes, and some other crab item.  All were tasty.Our waiter was a bit stand-offish. I speak french but decided to speak english here and I felt like I paid for it. The waiter was unaccomodating, didn't smile, and ignored us.  We had to wave him down everytime we needed something. It's unfortunate. There was another waiter who stopped by to say hello to my daughter who was very sweet so I don't think all of their staff is half-bad.I would go back for sure...for the food and when my daughter is older!
5	Probably one of the best breakfast experiences I've had.I chose Le Cartet for my first breakfast in Montreal, a Sunday morning.  The reviews for L'Avenue had stated the very long lines on Sunday, so I figured I'd do that on Monday instead.  Well much to my surprise, there was a long line here as well (about 25 minutes around 9:30am), and if it wasn't a sunny morning, you'd be stuck out in the rain or snow - as the line goes out the door and down the stairs to the outside.  Regardless, it's such a charming setting on the southern end of Rue McGill.  Once I was seated, I took in the minimalistic pleasantness of the restaurant.  High ceilings, rustic, white walls and columns, and it's set up like a long corridor with what appears like one, long table creating a communal setting, and also the option of separate tables around.  Each table was adorned with a huge, clear vase of fully-stemmed sunflowers!  One of my favorites!  I ordered the Brunch Sante, which consists of two poached eggs over toast that has been smeared in an herbed goat cheese and topped with greens, a side of yogurt mixed with granola and blueberries (the best), a dried fig, two medium-sized white cheddar sticks, a skewer of fresh fruit... and before they even bring it out, they give you a small cube of this delicious, most chocolate chip cake/pastry that gets all melty in your mouth full of Illy coffee.  This was easily my favorite meal from the entire trip!  It beats L'Avenue in terms of a clean, healthy, nutrient-rich breakfast - and the presentation is lovely.  Service is wonderful.  So sweet and caring.  It's $14.95, which is a decent deal for the amount of food you get (I eat like a pig and I couldn't finish), and it's worth every dime.  I can't wait to return again for breakfast, and also for lunch.  Don't skip Le Cartet if you're ever in Montreal.  It's on the way from downtown to Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal/Old Port), and a great stop along the way.
4	Great ham & cheese baguette though not much for my husband (vegetarian). Excellent selection of chocolate bars inside, and I am regretting that I didn't order a chocolate dessert, they looked amazing!
5	Excellent service, friendly staff.Nicely decorated place with creative and healthy menu. Strongly recommended for brunch.
4	the vogue-ified general store:Old Montreal:When I walked into Le Cartet I thought I was in a country general store, if said store was in a trendy New York burrow. It's got a Dean and Deluca feel, without the big box shadow.  The front area is a take-out coffee bar meets mini market whose shelves are filled with fancy preserves, designer chocolates, specialty teas, and a plethora of other goods as well as a cooler of fresh salads, sandwiches and pastas.  The rest is the restaurant.My sister and I loved the interior, right down to the signage.  The communal tables and open-window kitchen gave the place a laidback vibe, while the decor was classy and modern.  I loved the little details - fresh fall flowers and little pumpkins.  The buckets of natural light make it feel like the perfect brunch spot.The tables are pretty close together, but there's enough room that you don't feel like you're being invaded.  The menu isn't extensive, but you should be able to find something you like.  Traditional items are notably missing, such as benedicts and omlettes, but it's okay to embrace change once in a while.Their specials (all about $15) come with coffee and juice.  Love that.I had the Brunch des Cantons - their version of the big breakfast - served in a cast iron pan.  Love that.It had ham, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, beans, and potatoes, as well as a side plate of bread and fruit.  Three meats. Love that.My sister had the Toasta Mixta, a portuguese grilled egg sandwich with ham, brie, onions and mustard.  Tasted like our mom's egg sandwich.  Love that.Brunch is only served Saturday and Sunday from 9:00 a to 3:30 pm.  That's a narrow window, especially for a big stomach.  But do as I do, suck it in.
5	If you had one morning in Montreal - especially a Saturday or Sunday...Come here! Fresh, delicious food. The Berry French Toast was to die for. It was not your typical whip cream and syrup variety but very original and unique. I dined at the communal table which was fantastic. Families, groups, dates, solo? It doesn't matter. This is your go to spot for brunch in Montreal.
4	Waiting in line at customs got you down? Has it already been an hour and a half? Getting hungry? Le Cartet is just around the corner. Lovely, well-designed spot. I can't speak to the sit-down part of this joint, but the prepared foods were just what I needed. I bolted right in and out at lunchtime on a Monday. Grabbed a sandwich, H2O + CO2 and three madeleines. $14. Delicious and took the edge off my wait. The Madeleines were particularly light and fresh. They also had freshly made Pasteis de Nata, which was a cool surprise. I love the Portuguese influence in Montreal. Coffee is OK. Really ought to be better, tho. Too automatic, not enough craft.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	My sister and I really enjoyed Cartet in April.  If the day is nice and the wait is long, get prepared items from the shop section and picnic.  We waited just long enough for me to buy blueberry chocolate spread from the shop (AMAZING).  Brunch menu is extensive, and we both ordered huge plates with a little bit of everything.  Sister--Brunch de L'Atlantique: Eggs with smoked salmon, half a bagel with all the typical accoutrements, greens, a little sweet potato and salmon cake, and fruit. Me: Brunch de Sante--yogurt with granola and blueberries, poached eggs on greens, and grilled bread, cheddar sticks, and a fig.  And it came with coffee and juice, all for $15.  This is the kind of plate I would dream up for myself at home.
4	Good place for breakfast/Brunch . sleek decoration. Fresh food . Good service
5	Lovely little front counter mini epicerie area with amazing muffins, bottled smoothies and other drinks, excellent coffee to go. But really if you have time and don't mind spending a little more, sit down in the calm, bright restaurant and enjoy the excellent brunch specials on the chalkboard.
4	Pre-made salads and sandwiches for take-away on pick-up-and-get-back-to-work lunches in the front, and a combo of small two top tables and long communal tables in the back -- Le Cartet appeals to many. I've spent a decent amount of time at Le Cartet. It's a naturally-lit, airy, above street space, where solo business guys on their laptops nestle up next to brunching felines on one side and a young family with a highchair on the other.Service can run at a snail's pace. Attempt to catch the server's eye or get ready to wait a while for an order to be taken or the bill to arrive. Coffees are fresh, juices are fresher. The ham and eggs breakfast is okay - a couple of pieces of thinly sliced salty ham and eggs scrambled, boiled or poached. But what makes it worth it? The duck fat fried potato wedges. They're a show stopper. I'd come back just for those!
4	Had a great brunch.  Try the Toscan: poached egg, ham, spinach, and muffin with fresh fruit.  Fresh ingredients in a great atmosphere.Definately worth the trip on a weekend morning.  NIce selection of take out items, but seemed a bit overpriced for packaged up material.
4	Excellent service, great food, great coffee.  The ambiance was nice as well, bustling with people and tastefully decorated.  The eggs benedict were amazing, though not listed on the menu under that name.  Croissants were just ok, as was the bread.  Had the bowl of cafe au lait, which was the highlight for me.
5	Wonderful. Food and service are great
5	Wonderful. Food and service are great. Went twice during one 4 day visit. Good portions and despite the crowds we never waited for a table or for our food that long. Tres bien
4	A great brunch spot!  I was skeptical of any restaurant in the old port area because it's just overrun with tourists (myself included), but I was quite impressed by my meal here... the highlight of which was a slice of thick grain bread, toasted and served with an apple puree spread and topped with blueberries.  It was just a part of the crepe dish, but blew away the main course altogether.  This will be my brunch spot for future Montreal visits.
5	If you want to do breakfast right look no further than this place. You can keep it simple with a yogurt/granola combo or go all out and get awesome egg dishes, pancakes and so on. Things are lovingly prepared and it is the kind of place that will get you off on the right foot.
3	delicious brunch. I had the poached eggs with spinach, ham on an english muffin. It was good. pretty atmosphere and good service.
3	I came here after reading the good Yelp reviews. It's a pretty solid place, but the long line on weekends for brunch is somewhat off-putting. We figured it must be good if this many people are lining up, so we stuck it out for ~30-45 mins. despite being really hungry! I can't say they manage the line that well. There's a long line and it took me a while to figure out that it was for the coffee/tea counter (you can get a drink to sip on while  you wait). I was confused if it was only a take-out line or not. I stood there for a while, then someone took my name down and added it to a list. We had to awkwardly hang around the boutique section at the front of the restaurant while we waited (mmm, everything there looks so tasty... fancy olive oils, Kusmi teas, pre-made salads...). I can see why it's popular -- the decor is very understated-chic and the communal tables are nice. Food-wise, I expected more and price-wise, I wouldn't say they offer great value (brunch plates $15-16). I had the brunch Cartet which was huge. I liked that it came with a big salad. The croissant with ham and goat cheese was yummy. The scrambled eggs were kind of cold and the salmon was just ok. My DC's eggs benny looked overcooked; the yolk wasn't drippy like it's supposed to be. Definitely get a mimosa though. That's something they do well here and after the long wait, you'll need one.
3	Cool little spot in Old Montreal area with good service and beautiful, minimalist modern decor.  Pre-packaged foods available at the front for quick lunch or picnics.  However, sit down for breakfast/brunch had limited menu and relatively high prices.
4	Went here for an early lunch. I thought it was quite good. My bf and I ordered sandwiches - grilled chicken and a roast beef. The grilled chicken was better than the roast beef. The real star of the meal was the carrot salad. It had this unexpected ginger flavor with some dried cranberries.
2	Meant to eat breakfast here, but didn't get there until breakfast had finished (although the signs all seemed to say we had another hour before breakfast closed...).  I'm guessing the breakfast would still be great, but the lunch was really disappointing.  It wasn't bad per se, but wasn't better than anything I make in my own kitchen (I got the ham and cheese sandwich - very boring, my husband got an overpriced quiche that was very similar and not better than one I make at home).  Coffee was fantastic though, and the ambiance was pretty cool.  Wait staff seemed annoyed at our existence, and although we're annoying, I don't think we gave them enough to know that.  Overall, maybe it's as good as they say for breakfast, but I would definitely say skip this one for lunch.
4	We met up with the boyfriend's mum and sister for a weekend in Montreal while his sister was at a conference and decided to try to find a good place to walk to for brunch in Old Montreal, near where we were staying. With the help of Yelp, I found Le Cartet.The space is long and thin, going way, way back. There is lots of space if you are coming with a bigger group, but it was pretty busy. If they take reservations (I'm not sure, the three of us walked in) it would be a good idea to make some for a larger group. You walk through a small market on your way in where you could grab pre-packaged sandwiches, salads and the like if you're in a hurryPart of what attracted us to this place was the really nice brunch options -  they're definitely unique. I really liked that you could order dishes that included a little bit of everything, perfect for someone like me who often has angst about what we're forgoing to order our meal. I had the Brunch Cartet, he had the Burnch Toscan and his mum had the Brunch de l'Atlantique. Everyone really enjoyed everything, though my scrambled eggs were cooked harder than I prefer and the croissant wasn't as flakey as you can sometimes get in Montreal, the variety made up for it. Go with an appetite, though, because all of these brunches are a lot of food!The fresh Illy coffee was also tasty and especially appreciated because it was a chilly morning, and I liked that coffee and fresh squeezed juice were included with brunch (or a mimosa! but none of us partook) It was a little pricey for breakfast, but not too bad for brunch (around $17 each) I'd definitely recommend this place for a nice brunch or breakfast in Old Montreal, which is an area that can be really hit and miss for food.
1	Buyer beware!!I will not be back...not because the food was bad, but because I am too frugal.  I ordered granola with soy milk (because I am lactose intolerant and couldn't do the yogurt) and fruit dish plus coffee.  It cost about $14.  I had to get another breakfast beacuse it wasn't enough food.  So, it was tasty, but NOT FILLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had half a cup of granola at that!  They also charged me $0.75 more for a tiny thing of soy milk even though the yogurt is more expensive.  Go figure and go broke.Potatoes are cooked in duck fat.  Total bill was $40 for 2 of us.
5	Great brunch in Old Port.Most places in Old Port are either overrun with tourists or overpriced. Le Cartet is neither. The wait can be a little long for brunch, but it is worth it.$15 for for a cast iron skillet filled with meaty deliciousness. Also decent vegetarian and pescatarian options.Craft beer too.
4	Le Cartet is a mix of a chic boutique and a lively brunch house. Long tables that are shared amongst customers take up majority of the space. At the front of the business, one can find savory quick-meals or snacks to go, like sandwiches, salads, chocolates, muffins, smoothies, and so much more.Peak hours can cause a long and tedious wait, but it is so worth it, especially when you get to feast away on potato wedges fried in duck fat aside creative and unique variations of eggs, french toast, bacon, and whatnot. Moreover, the coffee is freshly brewed, and the juice is squeezed on the spot. A local hotspot that is not overpriced, but reasonable in regards to its location in Old Montreal. Definitely worth the visit!
4	Over the new year week, we took off and escaped to the chilly weather of Montreal! We found numerous places for OK dining, but definitely the area you want to keep to is Old Montreal. This is where you get all things old and new and they meet right in the most unlikely of places. Somewhat hidden away from the grandness that is Old Montreal and off to a bit off a busier street is this place, Le Cartet. If I hadn't had my trusty iPhone indicating where I was versus where the restaurant was, i would never have found it on such a grand street. McGill Rue is a wide street with shops and restaurants. It's a street that leads directly to the Old Port. As soon as we walked in, I was comforted in the thought that we had stumbled onto a fabulous little breakfast joint. Up until then, we were at a kind of hit-or-miss with breakfast, so i was a bit uneasy that this might turn out badly, but I was delighted when i stepped inside. It's a nicely modern establishment with some rustic touches to the decor.  The menu is expansive and the portions are generous. My breakfast was marvelous indeed. I had le Brunch Sucre. And if that name is any indication, yes it was very sweet! I devoured the entire meal. It had everything from Crepes and fruit to French Toast. It was delicious! If you're in town, you should get out there. We were staying at the InterContinental and walked there, it was a cinch.
2	VIBE The decor at Le Cartet is awesome. Cool castor-esque light bulbs hang down from the ceilings. Cool cut outs of maps are on the wall and big pots of poinsettas are in the back. I can see it's a buzzy type of place for brunch/lunch. I came for lunch but where Le Cartet really misses out is on its service. I was not greeted. I was not asked normal things like: would you like something to drink? I had to ask for the specials. I ATE I had the salmon sandwich. It was a decent sandwich but I assumed I'd have slices of salmon as opposed to it being a creamy mishmash of a tuna melt. It was solid food but way overpriced with a measley green salad for $15. OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Le meh. That said, I would come back if I'm directly in the area for ambiance or to buy something in the market. Otherwise, it's a bit on the edge of Old Montreal and out of the way for something that is ho-hum.
4	Located on a broad yet quiet stretch of McGill near the Old City, Le Cartet looks like jumps straight out of the pages of a travel guide.  It's a big lofty space with crafty art pieces hanging on white brick walls, with lamps hanging down from the ceiling.  Diners are packed close together at small tables or at one of the larger communal ones.  With a small market boutique in the front and the restaurant operation in the back, it practically screams twee, but the food is good and the service is quick.After waiting for 20-30 minutes to sit down, I ordered the Atlantic breakfast platter, while the BF opted for the Sweet.  Both of our plates included coffee (and a mimosa for a few bucks more), as well as an avalanche of food.  My dish included scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, half a bagel dressed with lox, cream cheese, onions, and capers, a mesclun salad, fruit, and a salmon croquette, and it was more than enough.  Everything tasted really good on the whole, although the croquette was a bit dry and crusty.  His dish included crepes, french toast, fruit, and yogurt with granola.  The crepes were very good; not too sweet but just the right amount.  The french toast was not nearly as tender as I normally like (tasted a bit dry), but the subtle addition of the nuts, as well as the applesauce, added a bit of complexity.The menu is varied enough without being overwhelming, and the vibe is very mixed.  There are young people, old people, families, couples, and singles.  Considering what we ordered, the prices are pretty reasonable.  My only complaints would be the lack space available for people to wait for tables, as well as eating in.  It also may be a bit noisy if you're trying to carry on a conversation.  But otherwise, this is a perfectly fine brunch spot with good food and a great atmosphere/scene.
5	I stumbled upon this place when I was in Montreal on vacation. A large group of my friends stumbled upon it, with no guidance from me, when THEY were in Montreal on vacation. Most recently, I convinced a group of colleagues to rush here for a quick pre-airport breakfast when I was in Montreal on business.The reactions are, without fail, unanimous declarations of adoration. What more do you need?
5	My wife and I went to La Caret when we visited Montreal for our anniversary last weekend.I'm seriously thinking about driving 6 hours back there this weekend just for more breakfast. It's that good.I was a little nervous about the communal seating - I'm a big dude and not always the most social fellow, so I thought I'd find being packed in next to total strangers to be very uncomfortable. It turned out to be fine. I think the fact that the people on either side of us were speaking French and we were speaking English helped it feel less weird. Plus, I had more room at this communal table than I usually have on the train or even in some restaurants where the "individual" tables are like six inches apart.The food was just fantastic. Seriously amazing. You know how when you're a kid if you say you love something someone says "If you love it so much, why don't you marry it?" Well I would marry this breakfast skillet, that's how much I love it. Which if the Republicans in my country are to be believed, will be legal about ten minutes after we recognize same sex marriage.
4	I found this gem on my Yelp App while searching "great breakfast spots".  I had every intention of waking up at 8 am the next day, doing my hair (just enough to look cool, but not trying too hard) and heading to Le Cartet for breakfast on a Friday.  Well, I was jet lagged and  woke up at 10:30, half did my hair and rushed down Rue McGill to try to catch breakfast, but I was too late, I was handed the lunch menu -- Boo!  I wanted to try to fit in with all the well dressed staff and patrons, so I pretended to understand the French menu and ordered what I thought was a goat cheese, almond and date salad.  Well, what I got was a warm pate of goat cheese, with almonds and dates in it served over lettuce and a few pieces of crostini.  I was confused, but kept up my "I'm a local and totally expected this" act.  I was pleasantly surprised with my selection!  So much so, that I came back for brunch the next day and had the Brunch Sucre.  It was definitely a carb and sugar overload, but worth it!  Capuccinos were small but tasty.  Each time I came here I spent around $20 CAN.
4	This is a great spot for brunch with generous portions.
5	What a cute and friendly little place!!  I loved the hustle and bustle of the brunch crowd.  The only thing that was a little confusing was getting a seat.  We put in our name on a list and what we do in Chicago is wait outside until they find us.  But you can see there's a queue so after like 20 mins I got in line and bingo! we were seated.  I don't know if it was timing or if we should have been in the line all this time.Its a little on the pricey side but one breakfast should be a splurge, right?  We all started w/ mimosas which were great but not for me.  I cannot stand pulp.  I know I'm a weirdo.  I'd rather have Tang than fresh squeezed.  It was too chunky for me but I'm sure everyone else loved it.  I had coffee which was very good.  I got an almond croissant to start/share.  It was amazing!!  We also wanted some cheese so we got the $8 plate which was all good stuff.  I had the goat cheese scramble on toast.  I was so homey and comforting!  They do not skimp on the cheese!  I would have loved more bread but the other diners had extra so no biggie.  They both got this meaty, beany,  cowboy skillet which must have been great.  For a good 10 mins none of us were talking!After we checked out the little store and bought some candies.  I spent a lot but they were all oh so good and I think...not available in Chicago.I'd seek this place out if I were in Montreal again.
4	The brunch here was amazing. I got the ham and cheese croissant sandwich, but I wish I could have ordered everything. The tables are very close together so everyone's food around me looked amazing as well. The service was good and the server was very nice. I also thought the store was really cool, and wish I wold have bought some of the stuff (especially the chocolate)! My only complaint was that the mimosa was pretty much orange juice, but it was fresh squeezed so I guess that's okay.
4	Excellent brunch.  Good coffee, fresh fruit was grapefruit, orange and melon, all flavorful.  Eggs were cooked perfectly, fantastic breads. Great service as well.
5	I LOVE this place. Every time I visit Montreal this is a must. I also hope that it never changes. For me, this is the perfect breakfast spot. Even if there is a line, it's worth it! Everything I've ever tried has been amazing. I'm fond of the savory skillet dishes (with a free orange juice and fresh bread), but also a big fan of the crepes. It's good if you go with multiple (that was you can share!). Go hungry, leave extremely satisfied.On the way out, don't forget to stop at the store and get some goodies to go. I opted for the Dolfin Lavender Chocolate bar. YUM!Please open a branch in Brooklyn, NY. Pretty please?
4	Great value for quality food. Reasonably priced beer. Long lines.
5	When I was in Montreal at the beginning of August in 2012 my boyfriend and I were determined to try a couple of places out of the Wallpaper* City Guide for Montreal. The one place we were able to check out was a breakfast place called Le Cartet. I wish we knew ahead of time how great it was going to be or we wouldn't have left it to the last day. First of all the interior was amazing- it was clean, simple, with a touch of sophisticated design. Most importantly, the food was to die for. I had the brunch des cantons ($15.35) which included scrambled eggs with sausage and bacon, potatoes roasted in duck fat and herbs, fried beans, and country bread. Breakfast also came with a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. The whole meal was just divine (as the service was also fantastic).
5	We were visiting Montreal for a week and ended up having breakfast there almost every day. Basically everything on the menu is delicious. We tried the Torta mixta, the eggs with goat cheese, the hazelnut toasts with applesauce and everything was delicious, not to mention their coffee, croissants, duck rillette and bacon. Also a great place to go with kids, because of how fast they are to serve and the service is Excellent! Sure going to miss this place when i go back home!
4	Great brunch spot! I love the vibe. It's a cross between family friendly and urban sheek. I had the goat cheese scrambled eggs with thick cut bacon and fresh fruit. It was wonderful!!!
4	Delicious.  Variety.  Well prepared and presented.  From the light to the massive the breakfasts are plenty satisfying.  Love the space too - individual as well as long shared tables and the high ceilings make for a pleasant time.
4	I read the reviews and really wanted to try this place out. We sat on the patio and have to say that we really enjoyed the meal. The quality of the food was great. I had the Brunch L'atlantique which was a great blend of smoked salmon serviced in a variety of different ways. I enjoyed them all except for the salmon cake which was a variation of the classic crab cake. It was a bit too salty and maybe over-capered  for my taste but overall it was ok. My friend had the Brunch Sucre which was crepes, French toast and yoghurt with fruits. He liked his meal (being a real sweet tooth) and the portions were great. Best value was that fresh squeezed orange juice came with your brunch. Well worth finding this place and the only thing I'll remember for next time is to make sure to wait and try eating inside. It looked like a great place inside, even though we enjoyed sitting on the patio. It reminded me of places in Europe. Thanks for a great meal.  We'll be back!
5	Loved this spot, very charming and great food! A delight all the way through:)
5	great atmosphere, fantastic brunch, friendly service....
4	My wife and I were looking for a nice breakfast spot during our recent visit to Montreal.  Thank you Yelpers for recommending Le Cartet!  We liked it so much we went back again the next morning.  I had delicious croissant and toasted baguette with a soft-boiled egg and fruit.  The wife did even better with toasted banana/coconut bread and greek yogurt with fresh blueberries.  (I had that the second day.  Win!)It's not so impressive from the street, but inside the decor is lovely - clean and simple.  Service was very friendly.After a week of eating in restaurants full of tourists, it was nice to be in a place favored by the locals.  Most of the clientele had their bags and briefcases and were clearly on their way to work.  Wish I had a place like this near my house!
4	I found out about this place when reading a 3 year-old NYTimes 36 Hours in Montreal article.  It was near our hotel and gave it a shot.  We arrived at 10am for Sunday brunch and were fortunate that the wait was modest (10min).  When we left, the line was out the door.First, the dining space is very cool.  It is clean, airy, and has a loft like feel.  They really did a good job in optimizing a slightly narrow and long space.  My wife ordered the Brunch Sante and very much enjoyed it.  I got the De L'Atlantique (basically salmon three ways).  Overall, mine was pretty good although I didn't care for the salmon in the sweet potato cake.  Also, I did not think the fruit and salad were fresh.  Finally, in a city with awesome croissants, the one I had from here was easily the worst I've had.  It was stale and uninspired.Despite some misses with the food, I definitely would come back and would recommend it to others.  The overall experience was very pleasant which was facilitated by the great staff and the vibrant atmosphere.  Plus the free refills on brewed Illy Coffee that comes with the brunch orders (the main initial draw for me) were terrific.
4	Nice place, clean, cozy and inviting environment. Suits all ages (They have crayons and menu for kids).The staff is nice and knowledgable.The prices are decent.But I would say the food is decent, not that extraordinary or special..They also have a little shop to buy teas or chocolates which is nice! (although pricey)Tip: Come early (9am) on Saturday and get a great brunch! It gets busy afterwards..
4	Wonderful lunch spot in the Vieux Montreal district. The quality of the food is excellent, the service was very sweet and attentive. I think a lot of business locals come here, and I can see why. We really enjoyed our lunch at Le Cartet. I would recommend !
5	Wow!  My wife and I had an amazing breakfast 2 days in a row here.  I can't say enough about this place, the food, the staff, I can go on and on.  Despite the line just outside the door, it moves pretty fast.  And it's worth the wait if at all.
4	There are brunch spots that make bacon and eggs, and then there's Le Cartet. Flawlessly executed breakfasts, great service and an excellent atmosphere, this is probably the most fun I've had at brunch in a while.  It's a little pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for.
3	A-ok...
4	Get there before 11 or else be prepared to wait.  We got there at around 10:15 and by the time we left there was a long line. Staff was very nice and very observant. Always making sure we were satisfied.  Got the brunch sucre and it was so tasty. A lot of food though so if you're not hungry, you might want to go with something smaller.  My friend had the croissant and he likes it as well.  Also a little pastry shop if you want just a quick bite to munch.  Good food and nice breakfast place. Thumbs up!
2	Overrated..Atmosphere: Too many seats so they can pack as many people in to make the most $ in the least amount of time. It's not comfortable and it's not cool to eat elbow-to-elbow with strangers, especially when one person is coughing continuously and it's so hot in the room you know it's a hotbed of colds and flu waiting to happen. It's a condo decor-as-restaurant-themed location that's so over and tired; but if the diners are impressed, who cares, because they don't know any better.Food: For lunch, quiche (too many rosemary sprigs), and pulled pork sandwich (cinnamon, cumin, and clove?) and leek soup with hard pieces of stalk.Service: When the server removed our plates that were more than 2/3 full, there was no question about whether we liked our dishes. There are better places in the neighbourhood by far.
4	Le Cartet is a perfect lunch spot. I ordered the breaded tilapia with a tomato seafood sauce filled with muscles, calamari and shrimp on a bed of quinoa. The fish was lightly breaded and pan fried and the sauce was a little spicy but not overwhelming. It was excellent. The service was quick and friendly, but if you're really in a hurry they do takeout and also have an array of cold sandwiches and salads on hand.
3	Cute place. Solid breakfast. Staples, nothing too fancy. The staff is nice, and the little shop in the front is a nice place to pick up some French food-based gifts. My favorite part was the espresso & the great chocolate-pistachio croissant!
4	Came on a Saturday morning at 9:30am and we were seated immediately, service was very nice.  I greatly enjoyed my Brunch Des Cantons, perfectly cooked beans and various pork.  My fiance liked her Brunch Sucre, but wasn't blown away by it.  Solid Coffee and OJ included with brunch.  All in all a very pleasant experience.
4	Two words. ALMOND CROISSANT.It's huge [insert 'that's what she said' joke here] and has a good amount of almond filling. So I would try to split it with someone as a dessert (rather than try to devour the whole thing as breakfast like I did) because it can be a little too heavy for the morning hours.Le Cartet is a cute cafe with plenty of seating. They sell European snacks/gifts in the front (such as jam, candy, coffee, etc.) You can also get your coffee to go. And it ain't just 'coffee' anymore. So many different varieties to choose from!Service was quick (and they're nice enough to give you their wifi password if you're not from town). Do yourself a favor and go get that croissant, NOW!
5	Excellent brunch/breakfast.  This place offers a variety a breakfast dishes that taste amazing.  I am not a breakfast fan, but this place changed my mind
4	Loved brunch here! Not alot of selection but you sure get the most for your buck!I got the smoked salmon dish. All was great except for the sweet potato salmon ball. Staff were very friendly. Would definitely recommend.
5	This place was spectacular. Stopped in after walking around the city, and my initial impression was that it's a beautiful place! The service is really great and on point, and the food is the best I've ever had for breakfast (even compared to many European restaurants, cafes, and bistros). The price was fine for what we ordered, and the coffee was very good. I recommend a trip to Montreal just to go here.
4	Great breakfast even though the line was 25 minutes long at 10 AM.  They have a great little store selling food goods like chocolate and foie gras among many other delectables.  Great service, too.
4	I LOVE the brunch here! I've been coming here every other weekend since moving to Montreal! The service is quick and friendly. The seating is casual, and they have a huge variety of chocolates at the front to purchase! I work nearby so I come here often to grab lunch, or a chocolate snack. The brunch is only served on weekends! I highly recommend it. I would come again and again!Food -  Amazing!Service - Friendly and quickAmbiance - CasualWorth the money - Yes!
5	My favorite brunch in Montreal.  There is an Atlantic plate of different salmon dishes that is up there among the best brunch that I have ever had.  Featuring a salmon cake, smoked salmon eggs, smoked salmon on a Montreal bagel and an amazing salad, I salivate thinking about it.  That said, I clearly love salmon and have never seen so many salmon options on one plate.  That might not be for everyone.The service is efficient and the space is inviting.  Despite being a large group, we weren't in any way hurried.  Love it.
5	It was a bit of a walk from the nearest Metro station, but so worth it. So so so delicious. Probably the best meal I had in Montreal.We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning, around 10. There were quite a few empty tables, but by the time we left the place was full and there was a line for seating. I ordered the Brunch Toscan. Basically egg's Benedict, with a side of potatoes, assorted fresh fruit, along with some really delicious coffee and freshly squeezed OJ. The egg's Benedict was bomb, and not overly salty and the sauce was rich, but not overpowering. The fresh fruit wasn't the normal crappy fruit you get at most places. Stawberry, grapefruit, orange, and pineapple. Yummy. All that food and drink for 16 bucks, not a bad deal at all. I was stuffed by the end of the meal and like a true brunch, couldn't even think about eating for many hours after. I also got to eat some of their fresh baguette and croissant. Both were excellent! This is a MUST on every trip to Montreal, and I will definitely be back when I return.
5	This fantastic place is located a short walk from the Old Montreal center. I had a beautiful brunch platter that came with a buttery croissant with goat cheese and ham, a fruit salad, green salad, salmon cake, cheese, fig, and scrambled eggs. Delicious mimosas too! The staff is warm and friendly. Excellent meal and service.
4	I came here by accident, thought I would have gotten brunch but turned out it was a little bit too late for that. Nonetheless, location wise, this plate is located a little bit far down in a remote area of old port. The restaurant itself is nice, cozy and I love the ambiance of the restaurant. They also sell a small amount of different type of food ranging from to go soup to coffee. Indeed, it does look like a cool spot to enjoy a cup of tea or coffee along side a dessert.Anyway, I had to opted for the meal plate of the day a western variation of Middle East couscous with merguez sausages and cury chicken. Anywho, the plate was okay, I didn't personally fancy this couscous because I thought it lacked some flavour. The sausages didn't have the authentic flavour but still had a western juice inside. Nonetheless, props to the chicken it was cooked perfectly and had an excellent taste. The plate also came with a salad, that was obviously fresh and done with great care.My partner had a latte and a fruit salad. No bad points about these two choices since they both were excellent .Overall , this place feels like a really good joint for coffee or brunch. Anyway , I hope other Yelpers will get to try this place and will love it . I will rate this experience 3.5/5 .
3	I wanted to love this place, and based on all the positive Yelp reviews I thought I would, but it was mostly just average. We got there for brunch around 10:30am on a Sunday morning and the line was already well out the door for a table, so I would suggest getting there early. We got lucky and since all the people ahead of us were parties of 3 or more and we were just 2, we got to jump the line and only waited about 15 min total. I had the scrambled egg with asparagus and chedder on toast, with fruit and potatoes. The egg was actually pretty good, but the toast was a bit burned and too crispy. The fruit was fresh and enjoyable. As for the potatoes, I generally love potatoes made any way, but I didnt like them at all and only ate a bite. Im not sure why you would cook potatoes in duck fat, because it mostly left them just tasting weird and too sweet (to me, Im aware other reviewers loved them).  Overall it was an acceptable breakfast, but I wouldnt go back. Breakfast is usually my favorite meal, and I love breakfast foods, but there just wasnt anything here to make me want to come back.
5	I was visiting Montreal and looking for a new brunch place when Le Cartert came up in conversation. While the location in old port is a bit touristy, don't let it full you this place is great. Service and atmosphere were both good. Brunch options on the sweet and savoury side were plentiful and the salmon brunch was incredible! It came with naturally a bagle and lox, fruit, perfectly fluffy scrambled eggs with salmon and some salad. topped up with a latte bowl for a winning brunch!Surprisingly reservations were not needed.
4	Breakfast in Montreal!! the lineup is out the door and the wait was about 45 min. after a big mug of latte, i feel a bit more relaxed and less grumpy. For four people, we ordered the crepe meal, salmon meal, and a egg benedict meal ( the actual names are in french, i have no idea) and that was quite enough. Our waitress was helpful and she was happy to help us out. Everything was good except the salmon cake and salmon egg - it was a bit fishy, did it come from a can? I wasn't liking my fishy smelly egg thingy in the kremlin - all the other foods were good. Cute decor, great crowd, packed restaurant. I really enjoyed  my meal here. I thought I'd have enough stomach space for a croissant in the end.. all the baked goods look so amazing at the entrance. Maybe i'll come again in the future just for the baked goods!free wi-fi, that's always a bonus!
3	Perhaps having had a decent amount of breakfasts, I don't understand the hype about this place. It's not terrible, but at best, it's average (slightly better than average on a few items such as their baked beans, salmon cake, and smoked salmon bagel). The eggs were either too dry or extraordinarily soggy (waterlogged), while the toast consistently came out burnt (almost to a crisp - and not only for us, but also for the patrons around us). Our server didn't seem to notice the char that was supposed to be our toast, in fact, besides taking our order, he didn't speak at all. It was the busboy who inquired if things were okay, and offered to ask the kitchen to change the toast (we declined, as we had finished). The smoothie was quite watered down, and not what you'd expect from a 'supposedly' chic place, although the hot chocolate was not too shabby. Overall, a very average dining experience, much like going to a diner where the servers just take your orders and perhaps offer you coffee refills, not much more.
3	A great place to eat-in, but A-OK for take out.  Since I do more take out than eat-in I give it a 3 star rating.  I don't know why the take out food can't be as great as their eat-in selection, which is so fantastic...
5	AMAZING BRUNCH!!!great portion size, good service, roomy seatings & good atmosphere!it's located a few blocks from the notre-dame bascilica, so we had a great walk after the brunch too..
3	Had their salmon tartar plate! Nice vibe and little boutique products right at the entrance! :)
5	I wish I found this place the first morning we arrived in Montreal because I would have been there everyday for breakfast. Cons: -Pricey for breakfast. There was 3 of us and with one coffee and one breakfast platter each we payed over $90 with tax and tip. -Gets crowded fast. We luckily came a little early and didn't wait longer then 10 mins (bonus: outside tables are just first come and taketh- you don't have to wait on the line)Pros: -The most delicious breakfast I have had in a very very very long time. I ordered a salmon bagel plate. It's came with a bagel with lox and cream cheese with onions and these deliciously huge capers. The bagel was thin, crunchy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. It also came with a salmon biscuit (baked salmon and some flour) which was flavorful and not too dry. There was also a side omelet which I just couldn't fit in my stomach. And some fruit and small salad. My boyfriend had a delicious breakfast meat platter with fried beans served on cast iron. Came with some delicious toast too. I woke up today dreaming about another breakfast like this. It's a most to visit.
4	Wonderful breakfast!  I enjoyed the goat cheese scrambled eggs on toast.  The eggs were light/fluffy and the goat cheese had a great flavor.  The decor of the restaurant is rustic modern and had a warm feel.  It was also nice that there was free wifi and they serve illy coffee.
4	Came here originally for breakfast but unfortunately it ended by 11am. I got there at 1111am so I had to wait around 10-15 minutes for the kitchen to prepare their brunch/lunch menu. I ordered the vegetarian panini with their soup of the day. It was delicious and well presented. Definitely one of my favourite brunch places in Montreal. Located in a lovely area as well. Staff are really friendly and hospitable.
5	Wow just wow. We arrived a few minutes after 9am on a Sunday, and I must say I was surprised by how quickly all the tables around us filled up and how many people came in and out for take out, etc. (Note the outside tables are for eat-in diners only you naughty to-go sandwich grabbers).They have gorgeous huge brunch platters as their signature dishes for eat in and yum yum yum was it worth every penny. The first thing to note is the emphasis on the brunch element of the brunch platter - this will do you for two meals. My "Le Cartet" plate came with a ham and goat cheese croissant (buttery, flaky, light cheesy, smoky ham, YUM), a scrambled egg, a small cup of greek yogurt, a fruit shish kabob (strawberry, orange, grapefruit, pineapple), two slices of cheese, a fig, a salmon cake, and mesclun salad.) WHEW. I could not eat it all. The mimosa was quite strong with pulpy (fresh squeezed?) orange juice. Presentation is important to me, I like my food to look and smell good as well as taste spectacular, and here, too, Le Cartet was a huge hit. The fruit shish kabob was cute, and the salmon cake served as a nice hub for a hub and spoke-esque plate presentation. In addition the plates come with coffee and juice! And I almost forgot the beginning of the meal - a coffee cakeish amuse bouche. Delightful! Each of the flavors was smooth and tasty - not too much salt, everything was balanced by lovely creaminess. Service was attentive, informative, and excellent.
3	Ambience is great! It wasn't busy and it felt like a great place to sit and do some work for a couple hoursFood was eh. I got the brunch cartet and while tasty, was more like a bunch of random things thrown on the plate.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. We waited on line for a total of maybe 10-15 minutes and was luckily seated at a two-person table. You WILL get seated next to strangers at a larger table (especially during busy hours), so for those who find settings like that uncomfortable, I would recommend you tell the hostess first thing. I can't exactly remember the brunch combo I ordered but it consisted of a bagel with CC and smoked salmon, some scrambled eggs, a sweet potato pie cake, along with fruit on the side. The combo plates are very big and are served in appropriate portions so you leave feeling satisfied in all aspects. My boyfriend ordered the crepes and really enjoyed the little pastry served with applesauce and blueberries. Brunch also comes with unlimited coffee and fresh orange juice. Overall, a great brunch experience and highly recommended.
5	I went here for lunch the other day. I had the salmon sandwhich and my boyfriend had the ham and cheese on a baguette. One word- amazing. Fish tasted fresh and portions just right. We had the pecan whiskey pie to top things off...and wow....heaven on earth. Our waitress was friendly and I got to practice my french with her. Its been two days and I can't stop thinking about the pie!
5	Le Cartet is one great place to try for breakfast with their interesting concept of boutique restaurant. Plus, they offer a wide range of products such bottled smoothies, sandwiches, salads, pastries and more. Laid-back crowd, cozy ambiance and delicious food. What can you ask for more? If the weather is great, you can even sit outside. This place definitely get off the beaten track.
5	Was on vacay and it was so good we are here twice! The little shop in the restaurant has amazing treats including gluten free baked goods. Breakfast was incredible with gluten free choices and delicious coffee.
4	Awesome coffees, lots of options. The orange black moka is not to be missed. The bowls of latte are decadent. The breakfast is heart but not heavy. Wanted to try tge almond croissant and their french toast but we missed it, thats what you get for showing up for a late breakfast. Next time we will come earlier. Definitely recommend this as the breakfast place to be.
3	Pretty good but clearly overrated.
3	I'm with all those saying this place is decent, but definitely overrated. But that may just be the spoiled New Yorker in me talking.While Montreal does a lot of things right, a hipster-like brunch is not one of them.Before you jump down my throat for using the "H word," look around this place and pick out even one person who doesn't seem to take themselves waaay too seriously. Even our server barely cracked a smile the entire time we saw him buzzing around the restaurant. And the communal tables? Come on, hipster galore.As for the food, it's great if you LOVELOVELOVE eggs - because they have about 20 different varieties of egg dishes - but pretty meh for everything else. During my most recent visit, I got the overpriced bagel with smoked salmon with a couple of fruit slices which were clearly sitting out for a while before being put on my plate.The first time I came I got the Cartet brunch with an assortment of breads and pastries, which was, once again, just a-okay. Nothing to write home about.
5	Delicious food. Outstanding service. Great vibe. Loved the cappuccino and egg scramble. The fresh yogurt with granola was a standout. They overcharged us for one item, but still forgiven.
4	This is a very nice spot for brunch. With tables both separate and communal, they pack 'em in. The illy coffee is too bitter for my taste but the food was well done. As most spots in Old Montreal, it has a painted brick wall and industrial ceiling which didn't make it too noisy. But, I sat next to the wall which had an accumulation of crumbs on its ledge.
2	If you're standing in line for brunch while you read this, please reconsider. There are probably a thousand places that are just as cute within walking distance. Get on your Yelp app and find one of them before you get cranky.We came on a weekday late-morning for brunch and it was still packed with tourists. Which is not a bad thing per se, but it does overburden the staff, who were unsmiling and clearly in the weeds despite the off-hour.Both of our orders were messed up, but we ate them anyway (see above under "cranky"). They were ok, but we're talking about straightforward variations on eggs and potatoes. The space is beautifully designed, hovering somewhere between rustic and hip, but it was filled with flies (see above under "please reconsider"). Yelp has rarely steered me wrong, but this a disappointment that I (as a tourist) felt partly responsible for.
5	Outstanding Sunday brunch.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Delectable meats, farm fresh eggs and garden vegetables.  Friendly service.  Fantastic ambiance.
4	Le Cartet is a great brunch spot in Old Montreal. While vacationing there with my family last month, we came for brunch on a Sunday morning. I had read that the wait could get pretty long, so we made sure to get there bright and early at 9:30. When we arrived, it was surprisingly almost full already! But luckily we were able to snag one of the few spots left at the long communal table.Two of us ordered the Brunch Toscan, and the other two ordered the Brunch de L'Atlantique. The brunch plates were all huge, and came with a glass of orange juice and coffee each. My Brunch Toscan included poached eggs on English muffins with Mornay sauce, duck fat potatoes, and fresh fruit (orange, grapefruit, and pineapple). The Brunch de L'Atlantique included a smoked salmon bagel, scrambled eggs, salad, sweet potato pancake, and fruit. Everything was delicious, though it seemed like the Brunch de L'Atlantique came with a lot more food!One side of the restaurant is a shop selling chocolates, jams, and other goods, so if you end up waiting for a while you at least have something to look at while you wait. Definitely arrive as early as possible to avoid long lines.
4	We rolled in around 11 for brunch at Le Cartet during a recent vacation and were seated after about a 15-minute wait.  Very tasty; I went with the Brunch des Cantons, which had a ton of meats in a skillet with some eggs and potatoes.  Not earth shattering, but very solid and makes me think I have been getting Canadian bacon all wrong!  Had this with a mimosa on the side and one of their croissants.  I'm not sure I would need to run back here, but my experience was fine and my wife seemed to enjoy herself also.Picnic table-style seating will turn some people off, so if you want a "private" place to eat, Le Cartet is not your boy.  Our service was great, but at the table next to me, the couple who sat down right as we sat down didn't get their food right away and were just getting their brunches as we were leaving.  I'm not sure if that level of inconsistency is normal, but I saw it first-hand!
5	If you want to have breakfast in Montreal, you can't go wrong with Le Cartet. Great atmosphere, great food, fast service, even though on a Saturday or Sunday you might have to stand in line. I had to stand in line for about 10 min in +7 weather, but it was worth it. If you look at the pictures I uploaded to Yelp, you'll see that Le Cartet chefs care about presentation and good food. Their yogurt with blueberries and muesli was REALLY tasty. I highly recommend it. Le Cartet is not cheap. You'll pay $17+tax for an average plate, but it's money well spent IMHO. I will surely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
2	If you're stuck at this part of the Old Port and you have nowhere else to go, ok. Otherwise, there are bunch of other places in Montreal with 10 times better service. The food is ok, nothing special. But I think they don't think their customers as returning customers they don't really care about the service that much. If you're a tourist in Montreal, it means that you have the time to take the cab or the metro to go places. Spend 20 more minutes and go to Lawrence, Manitoba or VORO. Eat better, experience a nicer place. At the end, that's why you're visiting Montreal!If you're a local, I'm pretty sure you won't go here anyways, unless your friends are like "Oh, we found this place but don't remember the name. Let's go there." then you end up here.
1	Long wait at 11:45 am on a Saturday, accompanied by expensive (yet terrible) food. Would never come back. Not sure why so many people are willing to wait. For god's sake, walk 10-15 minutes to Olive et Gourmando instead. Worst brunch I've had in a long time. Why is this so highly rated on Yelp!?!
4	Location: Tucked away in the Old Port. The closest subway is Square Victoria, street parking is available but good luck with that. If you're downtown, it's an easy walk so you can skip transit if you want to get some cardio in.The place: Le Cartet is not excessively big but the layout is good, with simple decor and a pretty plentiful boutique at the front. There's usually a line-up on weekends so you'll want to plan accordingly. We arrived around 10:45 and had to wait, but only for about 15-20 minutes. The goods: I went for the 2 eggs with goat cheese on toast, with a side of potatoes (like, about 4 of them). Can't say one bad thing about this simple but tasty breakfast. The eggs were perfectly scrambled and fluffy and had the right amount of cheese, the bread was fantastic (a multigrain, I think) and the potatoes were good. They also know how to make a mean Macchiato, which always makes me happy since many places do not. Quality goods, all around.Service: The service was good, though the waiter couldn't seem to get our bills right. He had to reprint them twice, and both times, they were wrong.   Price point: I forget the exact amount, but it was on par with other breakfast places in town. Their storefront boutique offers a ton of stuff - so if you're in the area and want to grab something real quick, stop in!
5	This is my go-to brunch place. My boyfriend and I are here almost every weekend, without fail, and the staff knows us. The portions are large, the quality excellent, and the service fast and friendly. The line can get a bit long, but usually with a party of 2 the wait is no longer than 10 minutes. That being said, the wait feels fast I because the walls are covered in exotic chocolate and there is the little market in front with gourmet goods. I always enjoy browsing this section when we're with a bigger group and the wait is long.In terms of best menu items: the latte bowl is a must! No weekend is complete without it. The hot chocolate is also extremely delicious. My favourite brunches are Brunch Sante and Atlantique, but my boyfriend swears by Le Cartet brunch. To be honest, you can't really go wrong here. I highly highly recommend it.
5	The locals love Le Cartet, and you should, too.Be forewarned: You'd better have an appetite before choosing the 17$ brunch selection, and I suggest you do so. If you have grabbed a bite at the hotel or something beforehand, order something smaller and come back another day, because, straight-up, this is a fantastic place to eat!
