4	The cupcakes here have amazing frosting - I might even say that it could rival Sprinkles'. The cake part, on the other hand, is a little bland but super moist. It really doesn't matter though, because the frosting will give your tastebuds enough to manage. The macaroons are also very good, especially the Earl Grey and pumpkin flavors. This spot is definitely worth a try if you are in the area, and if not, it's worth getting in the area to give it a go!
3	decided to try their red velvet - which i think is a good indicator of how good a cupcake/bakery really is. the frosting was really mouth wateringly delicious, but the actual cake part was a bit dry to my standards.the place is really cute inside. splashes of neon colors inside make it look cool. the cupcakes are also displayed quite nicely also. wish i tried one more of their cupcakes...
5	hands down best cupcakes i've ever had. my boyfriend and i have gone on vacation to montreal twice in the past two years. both times we have stayed at le saint sulpice, which is a boutique hotel right across the street from les glaceurs. the red velvet and the vanilla cupcakes are delicious!! the frosting is amazing and the cake is soft and delicate. i cant wait to go back! i haven't found a cupcake yet that beats this!
4	Les glaceurs have a quick a variety of cupcakes, ice creams, sorbets, and macarons to satisfy the pickiest of all dessert fanatics. I love their cupcake and ice cream combo! I shared a red velvet cupcake and a small cup of grapefuit sorbet with my boyfriend. I have had better red velvet cupcakes in Chicago; I found their rather sweet but the sorbet is excellent.
4	I would have given thus place a 5 star but the truth of the matter is that Mollys in Chicago is the best cupcake shop. I liked that they have an ice cream or sorbert and cupcake combo. This makes for a perfect dessert date where you can share a dish. If you are in the Old Montreal area, then you should stop by and get a treat.
4	I was wandering around old montreal and happend to stumble upon les glaceurs, a cute little shop that sells cupcakes, french macaroons, sorbets, and ice cream!  Its located off a little street right next to  a huge church.  The cute window display and the woman that I just saw walking down the way with sorbet peaked my interest.  I walked in to find a variety of goodies awaiting my consumption!I decided to get vanilla macaroons, chocolate macaroons (that's all they had left) as well as pear sorbet and litchi sorbet!  They also have maple syrup ice cream which was just to die for, but I could not consume it all by my lonesome.The vanilla macaroon was first. I took one bit and the whole macaroon opened with a bright white cream of goodness inside!  It was amazing!  Soft, creamy, and crunchy all at the same time!   Then, there was the chocolate macaroon.  At first bite, the luscious fudge center poked its head out and greeted me with intense chocolatey goodness!  This was unlike the vanilla macaroon, which I was able to eat in three quick bites.  This macaroon was meant to be enjoyed in many small bites, slowly, sensuously, and seductively.  Damn, it was good.And then, the gorgeous scoops of litchi and pear sorbet piled high upon a simple cone.  The sorbets are made by a quebec company, and they focus on using the freshest ingredients.  The litchi flavor is ridiculously fresh.  It does not seem to have any artificial flavors, only the sweetness from the juice of the fruit.  Perhaps the fruit is pureed and then formed into this gorgeous sorbet?  The pear sorbet is sweeter with rich flavor, texture smoother than the litchi, and mirroring an actual pear.  It is a wonder to me that I have not found such amazing sorbet in the states.  The canadiens know how to do it right, that's for sure. :)
5	If I could give this place more stars I would!I have a thing for cupcakes...well more than I thing...I friggin love the stuff. Now... living near New York City, one would think that I would find the best cupcakes on earth, but Montreal and Le Glaceurs takes the top spot in my book. I tried the red velvet to start...it put a smile on my face from ear to ear. All of there cupcakes are moist and the icing is to die for, not so sweet, just perfect. Anyone who travels to Montreal should check this place out, its right next to one of the largest churches in town, cant miss it!!!
2	The scene: Old Montreal, Saturday @ 2:30pm.I saw cupcakes in the case with my own hungry eyes.I went in and asked for one."Sorry" I was told.  "We don't have anymore."Are those faux samples in the case that you use to lure in sugar-happy, PMS-y clientele?  If so, this gullible girl thinks that is a mean, dirty, highly uncool trick.I (begrudgingly) gave Les Glaceurs a second star because the rest of Montreal was fricking awesome and, well...I'm just too damn nice.
4	YUM- litchi sorbet is one of the most delicious sorbets I've ever tasted- sweet but not artificially fruity.  I want to try all their sorbet flavors- they had about 12 of them, as well as a whole ice cream case of ice cream flavors.  The place is cutely descorated in pink and circular mirrors, chalkboards/signs, and cupcake paintings.  On a little side street next to Notre Dame, this place must get hit with alot of tourists.   I think I'm going to come back here tomorrow for a cupcake- those looked good too.
4	Came back for the cupcakes- those are good too!  I recommend the vanilla w/ salty caramel, as well as the choco-orange.  Most of my fellow samplers liked the red velvet as well.  We bought an assortment of 12 for a birthday dinner- all were delicious!
3	All the cupcakes looked beautiful at Les Glaceurs.   And the ice cream whetted my appetite.  These were all wonderful, but then I saw the macarons, and I knew I had to have them.  I bought a bag of four for five dollars and ate them in one sitting.  The four kinds in the bag were (I think) pistachio, vanilla, chocolate, and mocha.  Of course they were good, but they were not as fresh as the macarons at Point G.  Also, the service here was not great.  I was the last person in line and after the person in front of me was rung up, the cashier ignored me and went to the back to clean.  I had to practically bang the counter to get him to come back out.  This is kind of in a tourist area and although a very cute place with several gorgeous looking cupcakes, I might find another place for desserts in the area.
2	I'm not digging it. Yes, the atmosphere might be fun, but the cupcakes weren't to my expectations. Dry "cake", generic/ processed frosting, and overall not a super good experience.
3	If one could eat with their eyes, you'd need to put an eye mask on before going into Les Glaceurs for fear of overindulgence. Luckily, we can't, but there is still the impossibility of making a decision. How are you supposed to just choose one with all the neat rows of perfect cupcakes and large selection of colourful ice creams staring up at you like cute kittens at the SPCA? Even the incredibly detailed miniature cupcake shaped earrings and necklaces look good enough to eat.The pistachio ice cream I finally chose was flecked with real nut pieces and perfectly creamy while not being too sweet. Walking around on a super sunny day in old Montreal will never be the same without an ice cream.
4	My friends and I stopped here after we saw the delicious-looking desserts through the window. The store was really cute inside. We had just eaten brunch, so we decided to only order one thing and share- a red velvet cupcake. It was DELICIOUS. They packed the cupcake in a to-go container and we took some spoons with us to eat it while we walked. I don't really like cupcakes that much, but I was converted- I'm glad I don't live in Montreal, or else I'd be eating cupcakes here every day. Also, it was fairly cheap- I believe it was less than $3 for the cupcake. Definitely check it out if you're nearby!
4	After getting caught in a torrential (not even kidding) downpour without my umbrella, I was in serious need of some cupcake therapy of the Red Velvet kind.  Lucky me that Les Glaceurs was right on my way back to the hotel.  I was soaked head to toe so ice cream didn't appeal to me, but the cupcakes caught my eye.  Oh, did they look good!!  I got one of the red velvets and a coffee to warm up and settled myself in to enjoy.  And enjoy I did.  The cupcake was delish and the coffee hit the spot.  The only thing about the cupcake that I wasn't crazy about was the icing.  It was too sugary sweet for me.  But the cupcake was perfectly moist and crumbly.The shop is a bit small and looks like it could get crowded easily (it was a tight squeeze when I was there on a Friday afternoon).  There are some comfy chairs up by the window that would be perfect for a longer stay but this really is more of a grab and go type of place.
4	Mini cupcakes are amazing.  Just the right size for these little works of art.  Tried the min chocolate today.  Delish!
5	Sacre bleu! On a vacation to Montreal, we were unable to resist these colorful beauties. The cupcakes tasted as amazing as they looked. I want to go back and try the macarons. This was a highlight of our trip.
4	One word: Yummy!!Great pastries, good espresso.  A nice find in Vieux Port, which is filled with very expensive food.
3	i was excited to try cupcakes in montreal.  went in to les glaceurs and got 3 kinds:  vanilla lemon, chocolate mint, and vanilla strawberry.  we were red velveted out so didn't try that one.  i need to preface that i'm not a huge frosting person.  there was a little too much frosting on these cupcakes for me.  i also like my "cake" for the cupcake a little more fluffy and less dense.  the cupcakes were cute and we enjoyed them but i have had better.  the "cake" mix reminded me of sprinkles cupcakes.  i definitely am more of a fan of susie cakes cupcake "cake" mix.  the frosting was fresh and didn't taste too artificial.  :)  i would come back to get my cupcake fix here but it's definitely not the best i have had.  i think we paid approximately $3 - 4/cupcake.  we also got some macaroons and they were good.  a small bag of 4 is $8 i believe.  of course my favorite macaroons are from laduree but beggers cannot be choosers...
3	Stopped by this place since it was only a block away from the hotel we were staying at in Old Montreal. Quaint, attractive, colorful this place sell cupcakes, cakepops, macarons, even cupcake cel phone trinket decorations and cupcake necklaces. I gave it a plus for selling a pack of 4 macarons for only $5. Although I did not purchase any, I had to try the RED VELVET. Moist and fairly plumplier in size, not huge like Crumbs' cupcakes, it was good. But if you're looking for a real Red velvet you won't find it here. THEY USE REGULAR BUTTER CREAM AS OPPOSED TO CREAM CHEESE FROSTING.I know i can't judge a place based on one cupcake, but if you can't do a popular cupcake the correct way, what makes or breaks cupcake places, then I don't know what to say.
4	I had a really good time here, we ordered 6 cupcakes and all of them were pretty good, considering we went in late in afternoon. The cupcakes were freshly nicely designed. I went in with my husband and it was a good day to be out on old port with cupcakes in hand. It was so good, that I took two more to sent out to my brother at work, and they had a hit with them too.  Choco-choco and strawberry Vanilla and Red Velvet  were really good. Definitely will come back for more.
5	cupcake cupcakes I love cupcakes!This little shop was found by us purely by accident and I am not regretting our choice to go on in!  The cupcakes were cute and since it was a bit later in the day there weren't a Ton to choose from but it was more than enough.  I got what I believe to be like a sweet cream and caramel cupcake.  I fell in love at first bite.  mmmmmmmm  Nothing can take the place of Kupcake factory for me in New Orleans, but if I was on that side of the world again mayyybe I would just so happen to end up there.  YUM!
2	I love cupcakes and the cupcake I had here just wasn't that good.  I would definitely be willing to give this place another chance, but the most honest review of my cupcake would be a two star.The cupcake I had was the chocolate orange.  The cake was strangely light, making me think that it might have been made from a mix.  The chocolate flavor was just not that strong.  The frosting on top was very attractive, but the taste an texture was not that good.  What I disliked the most was the orange swirl on top.  I assume it had been made with a different frosting material than the rest of the frosting because it did not mesh well with the rest of the frosting.  In fact, it was like a little hard string on top of my cupcake.This place might be good for something other than their cupcakes.
3	Les Glaceurs was the first time I ever attempted to even go to a cupcake joint. I was never really into the idea but a couple friends convinced me to go and I have to say I was not disappointed in the least bit.Les Glaceurs is simple. You get cupcakes and ice cream and that's what they do and to be fair they do it very well. There is a good deal where you can get a cup of ice cream and a cupcake for I believe it was around six dollars so you get a good amount of food for the price. The ice cream was excellent and served in a good sized container. You got just enough to satisfy your craving and the flavor of the ice cream is excellent. It's a perfect way to complement the cupcake...But of course there is a fault here. The cupcakes aren't even warm. The experience could have been so much better if the cupcakes were warmed up before you ate them. The contrast of hot and cold is commonly seen in dessert and it could have made this experience easily a four star one. The cupcake however was good for what it was. I chose the Red Velvet Cupcake and the flavor was that of a true Red Velvet cake. It was very moist and it had excellent flavor. The icing was also really good albeit almost too abundant. Overall this place is quite good. It's definitely a nice place to stop into and I have to say I enjoyed the experience and would go back. With some small improvements it could be an excellent place to go but for now I'm gonna put it at around three stars.
5	I walked over to Les Glaceurs after visiting Notre Dame Basilique and to my pleasant surprise - I had one of the best cupcakes in the world! The vanille-citron [vanilla cake & lemon icing] was unbelievably delicious. I'm not big on sweets, but every once and a while I like to enjoy a cupcake. I don't think that the cupcake was too sweet - it was just the right amount of sugar I could handle. The lemon icing was a perfect texture!If you are visiting Montreal and near the Basilique, do pay Les Glaceurs a visit! The staff is friendly and appreciate your feedback after you have tried one of their baked goods.
3	I was craving a sweet, moist cupcake and the concierge told me this was the place to go.  Lovely setting. Clean, spare room.  Les Glaceurs had a fantastic selection of ice cream that you can purchase in three sizes and a display of yummy looking cupcakes in a variety of flavors.  Perfect!  I could have the mini ice cream and my cupcake and not feel like I had completely overindulged.The ice cream was wonderful.  The cupcake was a disappointment.  Dry, no flavor "punch" and frosting that was nondescript.  I threw it away after three bites as it even tasted a bit stale.
1	If you like eating straight up sugar then this is the ice cream for you. I had rum raisin and I could not taste the rum nor the raisin. Just the thought of how sweet the ice cream was makes my teeth hurt. Ice cream, pizza and fries are usually good even when it's bad. Not so with this ice cream. Yuck yuck yuck.If you like eating straight up butter then this is  the cupcake for you. I think whoever made the frosting forgot to put sugar in the buttercream. It looked so promising but it really lacked flavor. The cake part though was moist and flavorful.If you like eating butter dipped in sugar- can I be your friend?
5	Ok let me start with... This place deserves at least a full 4 stars. Got some cupcakes to go there was red velvet of course, strawberry shortcake, caramel, coffee and something chocolate for my bf. Aside from the red velvet the vanilla based cakes were better. The red velvet just melted in my mouth and the strawberry shortcake blew my mind. I was expecting the caramel icing to be overwhelmingly sweet but to my surprise it was just right. Their icing don't overwhelm you and you can taste the goodness of the cakes which is a huge plus because they are so good even just on their own. Never tried the ice cream there so idk but I probably never will because its not even a choice to me if cupcakes are laying around calling my name. If I was one of those skinny ppl who can eat like there is no tomorrow and always weigh the same... I'd be there everyday. :p
2	I've been to Les Glaceurs twice, once at the Saint-Sulpice location, and most recently the new location on University & Ste Catherine. The red velvet I had from the Saint Sulpice location was HUGE. A bit on the sweet side though and topped with an enormous amount of frosting, it satisfied my sweet tooth (alas, the grease stains on my napkins did not). The egg nog/gingerbread cupcake from the University location was a bit on the dry side and very small. The frosting tasted overwhelmingly of alcohol (the whole egg nog thing). The service at the University location was terrible. The girl heard me tell my boyfriend that I had tried a red velvet so she assumed I wanted one, grabbed it, dropped it, then blamed me (when I told her I didn't want a red velvet, she replied with "but you said it out loud"...no idea where her logic comes from).a tip: if you have foursquare, upon your first check-in you get a FREE cupcake! Apparently no purchase is necessary
4	This is one of my favourite ice cream shops in North America, but it's not their frozen delights that make me obsessed. They happen to sell the most delightful cupcakes. The traditional flavours are all brilliantly executed but the one that has my heart is their Vanille-Citron, a light and sweet cupcake with a perfect lemony finish. Delish!
5	My friend and I walked on over for some dessert after eating lunch at Olive et Gourmando. Les Glaceurs serves the most heavenly, delightful, enjoyable, scrumptious, delectable, soft, fluffy, yummy, and visually appetizing cupcakes I have come across in Montreal! An added bonus: They sell Bilboquet ice cream AND Macarons! What else could a woman need? Seriously.For the longest time, Itsi Bitsi has been my all-time favourite for cupcakes, but now... they have some serious competition! I tried Les Glaceurs' Red Velvet (instant winner), and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough - both were good, but the Red Velvet stole my heart.
4	Yum! What a cute place to find when strolling around Vieux Montreal. Whether you're in the mood for ice cream or cupcakes, you can get your sweetness fix here.I got a pistachio ice cream and my sister and I were going to split a chocolate mint cupcake (yum!). The pistachio ice cream was... interesting... I had decided to try something new (didn't bother asking for a sample), and it was interesting, but I wouldn't get it again. The chocolate mint cupcake was fabulous, though! The cake part was moist and delicious. The perfect taste and texture for the cake. Definitely one of the best cupcakes I've had. The frosting was surprisingly overwhelming. As someone who normally devours frosting and gives crazy looks to anyone who scrapes it off, I was surprised by how much I wanted to eat just the cake without the frosting or maybe just a nibble of it. My sister loved the frosting, though, and usually she's not that much of a frosting fan.The atmosphere at the shop was welcoming and cute. The servers were friendly, and there was a lot on the menu. I didn't even read through half of what was available, but I know there was coffee.
5	Moving from 'French' to more of the North American vibe (but still with Canadian touches) the first of our next three sweet shops to visit would be Les Glaceurs, and although some will claim the trend is played out I still love the concept of individual sized desserts that allow me to sample a variety of flavors and therefore while it may seem outside my 'gourmet' tastes that means I still love a well made cupcake.Apparently a small chain centered in Montreal, Les Glaceurs had originally been left off my agenda as we had planned to get ice cream at Bilboquet, but when the shop was inexplicably closed and we found ourselves faced with cupcakes AND ice cream as an alternative we figured 'why not' - a surprisingly good decision that eventually led to us ordering three great cake including the standardizing Red Velvet, Salted Caramel, and the monthly special Tire d'Erable.Priced at $3.00-3.50 each and perhaps only 3-4 bites per cupcake expectations were high for the quality of these tiny treats and beginning first with the Red Velvet we were adequately impressed (aside from the red hot on top.)  As the only un-filled option of the three the cake to cream ratio was spot on with the former dense and cocoa laden while the later was light and smooth with a bit of added sugar on the outside for texture.  Moving next to the filled options, Salted caramel was an equally well constructed cake with a light vanilla batter topped with rich buttercream frosting and a drizzle of caramel, but what set it apart was what was inside - a liquid caramel center rife with sea salt plus a light dusting of fleur de sel on top.Moving last to the Tire d'Erable, an obvious choice given the season, our location, and my predilection to anything Maple - it was probably the best cupcake I've had in 2012.  Beginning first with the same dense vanilla base as the Salted Caramel but this time swirled with maple in the batter and then replacing the buttercream ice cream with one of whipped maple butter before adding caramelized maple syrup and maple candied walnuts this was a flat out embarrassment of sweetness that pined for a glass of milk or coffee while also wishing I'd have ordered another - or picked up a few for breakfast the next day.
4	Tasty cupcakes! I lamented the fact that I only noticed the 12-packs of mini cupcakes by the register after I'd already paid for my two regular-sized cupcakes.Both sea salt caramel and chocolate mint are good, although the cake on the chocolate mint was a bit dry. The frosting is spot on - sweet and flavorful - without sending you into a sugar coma.
3	This was a cute little cupcake and dessert place in Old Montreal. The cupcakes were tasty and it was a cute place. However, service was lacking. Maybe because we weren't white or we weren't french? Who knows. Service could be improved if they cared to have customers go back.
4	Yummy cupcakes!  Definitely taste gourmet.
4	Amazing cup cakes! Just looking at them is a pleasure. My favorite one is the Choco-choco, the icing is perfect, the cake is delicious. They have a flavor of the month if you want to try something else, I'm a chocolate's addict so I stick with choco-choco. They also offer Bilboquet ice cream.I put 4* and I remove a star for the price (3,50$ + taxes for a cupcake, 7$ for two and 18$ for six...little expensive as it's only flour, eggs, butter and sugar).
5	What to do when your daughter has a birthday in Montreal and you're miles away?  Order cupcakes of course!  And when she has a crazy schedule and it's a total hassle thank heaven for a kind cupcakery . . . Delivery made, a whole apartment-full of 20 year olds happy . . . Priceless.  And on top of it all . . . They tasted 'awesome'!!  Thanks to Les Glaceurs . . .
3	Awesome cupcakes, great decorations, and you can customize your own cake!The icing is too sweet to my preference, but I will definitely come back for future reviews!
3	I have to say that I don't really get the cupcake trend, and I'm glad it seems to be winding down. What's so great about a cake in miniature? I'd much rather have a slice of a large cake than a small, dried-out one with a whole bunch of stuff piled on top.Okay, enough grousing. The decor here is pretty adorable and the cupcakes were actually decent, though there was way too much icing and the whole thing was too sweet for me. We got the maple flavored one, which came with maple buttercream, a syrup drizzle and some candied nuts. It was fine. I would have rather ordered ice cream, but the weather (cold and rainy) didn't seem suited for a frozen dessert.Bonus star (it really deserves two): unlike a number of places in Old Montreal, no one batted an eye when we paid a $4 check with a credit card.
3	What a gem! Walked by this place casually as we were exploring the pier area and I couldn't help but be drawn into the variety of colors. It's a cupcake shop but we actually went in and ordered sorbet instead ... the sorbet was good though! We got two fruity flavors that mixed together very well as well as a dulce de leche which doesn't mix well but still tastes delicious!A fine experience, but nothing spectacular. Lovely decor though.tldr; nice place, decent ice cream
3	Their website is gorgeous and the fact that it is both in French and English was a real treat for someone placing an order from California. Service over the phone was great: the lady was super friendly and highly knowledgable. She took the order, helped me pick out a card and wrote the text i dictated. I asked to deliver cupcakes to a friend at the Jewish hospital and paid everything incl delivery with my AMEX. When i called the next day, i found out the delivery could not be made. Apparently the delivery guy could not find the room and returned the cupcakes to the store. He did not think about asking at the reception/front desk where my friend was staying (i provided the full name). I was very upset! I didn't it was thinking out of the box! And he made it to the right floor, but turned the other way and got to a different unit. I was bummed. I paid for delivery again and the cupcakes were delivered that afternoon. My friend said the cupcakes were yummy, but the whole experience left a bitter taste in my mouth...
5	Holy crap!!  Go here for the cupcakes alone. They are what cupcakes should taste like. Amazing. I can still taste them. Ice cream is also good and for kids they have perfect portions.
5	I had the most amazing cupcake here ever! Their size is smaller than usual and it is more expensive than usual. $3.75 for one little cupcake! I mean little! But you'd be surprised by how heavenly moist to the core it is, and how creamy the topping is without being excessively sweet (so sweet that it stings your tongue kind I mean). Cupcakes are regularly replenished and are so well presented. I am glad I only had one so I can forever dream about coming to Montreal to eat it. If I had two I may not say the same..
2	This little shop is located in Old Montreal.  It's quaint, colourful and inviting.  I was in Montreal with my daughter for her birthday and we didn't have a cake so we got two super cute cupcakes for her birthday cake from here.  They looked so good.  Unfortunately they did not taste as good as they looked to me.  I'm a Crave(shops here in Calgary) fan and these did not measure up.  I found them too sugary.  I am a sweet lover... so it wasn't about being too sweet.  They tasted like I was simply eating sugar.  My daughter on the other hand really liked them.  We split the red velvet one and the vanilla flower one(both pictured in the photos on the site).  The staff was meh.  Not really friendly or unfriendly.
3	Great cupcakes but the staff isn't friendly. There was only a couple cupcakes left and I asked them if that's all they had and they said yes yet while I was paying, someone from the back came to put more freshly baked cupcakes in the front. A bit overpriced
4	Prices are a bit steep (~$3 each for a small cup of hot chocolate and a small cup of cappuccino), but they're strong in taste.A good stop to make after visiting the basilica!
5	There are no better cupcakes in Montreal. Les Glaceurs is my absolute favourite. Their red velvet is their best seller, with good reason. It's a perfect balance between chocolate and cream cheese. It is so deliciously moist and creamy. They have a "flavour of the month" which my boyfriend and I tried every one for a year. They were all amazing!They have 3 locations, so if you're close to one, be sure to stop in and have your sweet tooth satisfied!
5	Outstanding cupcakes and Gelato style ice cream and the service was very good and patience
3	A little cupcake/ice cream shop steps away from Notre Dame Basilica. Vanilla gelato was good.Sorbets were too sweet for my liking.I didn't try their cupcakes but i did have a latte (rather have tim hortons)
5	Nice staff. Scrumptious cup cakes! Getting a cup cake and eating it in front of Notre Dame: one step closer to cloud nine!
