4	Love having another cool Irish pub in downtown Phoenix!  The atmosphere is lively and pretty noisy, the service is great and they carry Ace Pear Cider, so I am very happy!  This place should do really well!
3	This place will become the next Hooters.  In fact I have a friend who calls this place "Celtic Hooters".  The first week it is open and it is packed.  In fact it is always busy, which makes for a fun experience.  The servers are in the magical 19-20 age range (old enough to serve, not quite old enough to drink) range.  Pretty girls, who will make small talk with business men.  As a female, getting service here is a bit tougher. I would advise going straight to the bar.  The food is standard pub fare, they have a good beer collection along with ciders.  Overall, you come here with a group of friends, lots of televisions.  Good place for a basic HH with friends you want to see but not actually talk to (it is pretty noisy in there), and face it, the pretty girls in reallly really small outfits are distracting, (and I'm a girl).  There are lots of servers, but like I mentioned, the girls really chat up the patrons, so you may or may not get speedy service.
5	I was in Phoenix for MLB All-Star game and was looking for a place to eat after a HOT day at the ballpark. We stumbled into the Tilted Kilt for a bite to eat. Our waitress Erica was very fast with every request!Being from San Antonio, wasn't expecting much from the Chips and Salsa but was surprised at how good they were! Very chunky with great seasoning and flavor. Another appetizer that I highly recommend is the garlic fries. Possibly the most antisocial thing to eat but as long as everyone in your party has a few, it's all good! ;)Everyone seems to focus on the girls in kilts but there is something for female customers too. All the male staff members are wearing kilts too. LOL
3	I understand the comparisons to Hooters--cute gals serving up cold suds and wings to a mostly male crowd--but the Kilt has a much more sophisticated menu and incomparable draft beer list. Some of the Downtown girls are a little green--this location just opened July 5--but I'm guessing that All-Star Week provided a nice trial by fire. They'll thrive during the Diamondbacks' pennant chase and upcoming Suns game. Close proximity to the stadiums with excellent second-level CityScape views. Nice patio too once the summer heat breaks.The only entree I've ever eaten is Chicken Tender Wrap. It's excellent. The Nachos are decent and enough to feed 6. Wouldn't recommend the Barbecue Chicken Quesadilla.  The Tilted Kilt has good food, not great, but really it's the atmosphere you're coming for.
2	This place was awful.  I had heard people talk about the Tilted Kilt as a great place to grab a drink, and a good bite to eat.  Well it was All Star weekend and I suppose I could give them a break.  But...I can't  if you are really busy chain restaurant that just opened you can't have service sooo poor.  We were ignored for awhile, finally a waitress came,  our food took over an hour and when it came it was cold.  I had a bean burrito, it was overly salty, cold,  and even though I was super hungry,  I couldn't bare to eat it.   It came with sweet potato fries that were still frozen in the center.  All of this for like $12.00.... place is kind of a rip-off, and since I am a female,  the girls in short skirts, and big boobs doesn't make up for crap food, and crap service.The waitresses tried to be nice, but I think someone is training them to be overly annoying,  they sit down at our table to take our order and kept talking to us...  I didn't really understand that.....
3	We went last night for a friend's birthday.  They were overstaffed and very friendly, which I think is fantastic for a new place.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time.  They don't have happy hour yet, but are planning to soon, once they get more familiar with the new location.  The atmosphere was fun and loud.  Lots of girls in small clothing running around tables full of mostly business men with a few ladies sprinkled in.  We had a few appetizers (irish nachos, wings, and garlic fries).  Nothing blew me away . . . correction, the food didn't blow me away, but it was fine.While this might not be MY first choice when looking for happy hour after work, I look forward to when TK gets a good happy hour so that when my (male) friend gets to choose the HH destination, I know I will still have a great time!
3	Going to the Tilted Kilt is what you do when you are in Arizona. Yes, the girls wear kilts, but the food is pretty good for a sports bar. I did not know this location was so new. Our waitress was either having a tough night or just not with it. I was in town for the MLB All Star events and as soon as the derby ended 100s of people were in this place. We beat the rush to a table, but the waitress had trouble with refills, mixed up our orders, and forgot to bring the check a few times.The jalapeno burger was really good and the sweet potato fries are a must. They are crunchy and crispy. The kilt burner mayo from the burger made a good dip too. My friend said his Big Arse Burger was just okay.
1	Get over the girls in kilts already. Didn't Hooters already bark this tree out? Whatever, food is good, but not worth that price! The atmosphere is sophomoric and annoying. If you are some kind of douchebag go here so I don't have to be annoyed with you somewhere that I am.
3	The service is good here and nobody cares about the food they just go here to look at the girls lets face it. you can get way better burgers at 5 guys but they don't have pretty girls walking around in kilts.
3	First off you should know this is basically an Irish hooters. We sat at the bar and our server was Brian. We ordered the spinach and artichoke for an appetizer. It wasn't the greatest but it wasn't bad. For lunch we ordered the grilled wings which were awesome its just too bad I had to wait so long for them. We ordered a double order and he only brought one order. He said he didn't hear us which would be understandable except that he also messed up our sauce order twice. It seemed that his co bartender had no issues so it was probably just him. I really did like the wings. I had them plain with the sauce on the side. The signature kilt sauce was your average buffalo sauce and the sweet and spicy was also good (its not spicy though). I would eat here again just not with the same waiter.
4	Popped in here before the arena football game last night. What a great addition to Cityscape. They had several great beers on tap and in bottle, great atmosphere and of course tons of good looking servers. The prices were great and it seemed like a relatively popular spot. My only issue is that it's a pretty close match to Copper Blues on the other side of Cityscape, but I think they'll do great being that close to the stadium.
2	After a great time at Copper Blues I wound up here. Pretty lackluster experience and this is sad because I had high hopes for this place. There was nothing blatantly bad about my experience but the vibe, the clientele, everything about just kind of sucked. There was nothing about the vibe or atmosphere that made me want to stay...in fact I left after one beer. The place just opened up, so it's quite possible that everyone is stil getting their bearings so I'll probably pop in one more time in a few months to see if the vibe is the same. The bar is indoor/outdoor and opens onto a a concrete patio that is definitely the best feature at this location. The patio has awesom eastern views of downtown and it's really cool in the late afternoon early evenings. Unfortunately they HAVE to do something about the patio high chairs because they are uncomfortable as hell.
2	Girls Hot Food NOT!!  The place is nice (and new) has a nice feel inside and the girls are, well, HOT.  However the food is a disaster, the menu is all over the place and there seems to be no stand out item.  For an Irish place the Stew and Shepards Pie should be home runs, but they are not even close.  I have eated at other TK's and its the same Hot girls, crummy food, cold beer, it works out in the neighborhoods but downtown there is no real bar crowd, so your food needs to be good.  I had the meatloaf sandwich on this visit, and it was dry and in crumbles and there was about 4oz total.  We also had the spinach artichoke dip, it had lots of chunks of artichokes but was pretty bland overall.
3	Hot.
5	The burgers here are really good and worth the $10 plus price.Service is friendlier and seating is more plentiful than the Arrogant Butcher up the street!
4	Went last night before the D-Backs game. It was packed but very well staffed. By looking at some of the older reviews, I think the place likely got the hint that they need to better staff themselves. Love the Pear Cider beer. Got the Irish Nachos...they were pretty good. Atmosphere is defiantly similar to a Hooter's.
3	Recently opened in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  This location is prime for sports fans traveling in town for a game. Here is the bottom line, they pints are pints and the selection is similar to any pub.  The food is pub food and you have to understand that so don't set high expectations.There are a few irish pubs in the area, I believe I have reviewed them as well, stop by here though if you want a cool place within walking distance from the sports facilities.
2	They are trying their best to give great friendly service and they do well doing it. I have to give them props for that. but thats where it stops. The food and the atmosphere is not my thing. I will hang out at Hooters at the AZ Center any day overt the Kilt. I wonder how long they will be around with the NBA season being cancelled. Wish them all the best as I support downtown business.
2	So ya' want: Food. Beer. Boobs and Sports huh? Like most who try to "do it all", this place excels at NONE.If you want great food go to Cibo.If you want great beer go to the Roosevelt Tavern or Lost Leaf.If you want great boobs go to the Hi Liter.If you want great sports go to Coach & Willies.(all of those are within a few blocks of this place)If you want all of 'em in one great spot ... good luck to ya' champ.
3	Stopped in after a Diamondbacks game fr some drinks and some apps...Decor was nice as soon as you walk inThe waitresses there are dressed in mini plaid skirts. Had the appetizer sampler...Came with buffalo wings, kabobs and baked potato skins...Pretty decent.Tried my friend's fish and chips platter...I don't even eat fish but I loved it! The deep fried cod was amazing.Overall, good place to hang out before or after a game. Plenty of TVs on the screen and not a bad seat in the house.
4	Stopped in after a dbacks game with some friends.  The place was packed as a UFC fight was on.  But after 15 min we got a table for our group.  We enjoyed some drink and apps and everyone had a great time.  Lots of TV's so this would be a great place to watch sports.
1	Disappointing. I have been to two other TK's (Scottsdale and Tempe) and had a better experience at both. First off the soda mix was messed up. Now I can get over this because that is the way these things work. You usually have little to no warning when the mix goes bad but it took about 10 minutes for the waitress to get me a new drink. The sandwich was not good either...the French/ Irish dip was totally bland. The au jus had a little flavor which helped me choke it down but I'd never order it again. Our waitress was nice even though she was completely overwhelmed but a couple of the other servers looked downright pissed off and mean. This establishment will probably be very profitable because of its location within CityScape. The alcohol sales alone will probably be enough to keep it in the black. If I ever go back it will be for adult beverages only. I'd rather get a hot dog at Chase or US Airways.At least the boobies are fun to look at.
1	First walking in i was expecting some super hot girls  be in these tiny lil outfits. No i saw a bunch of avg to not so great looking girls with tiny outfits! There was probably 1 maybe 2 girls i saw that looked decent enough to be wearing the outfit where you can't help but stare because her body is amazing! I had come with my bf his twin and 2 of their friends.  Thankfully we got a girl who had a nice body but not so great of a face so it worked out okay. As long as they aren't shaking their tits in my bfs face its  all good. But of course my luck failed me somewhat  because a girl definitely that should not be wearing the outfit with her stomach hanging over her skirt shook my bfs mixed drink in a little jar called "the big red" in his face claiming by our waitress that the girl by my bf is a better "shaker" (obviously with EVERYTHING jiggling) and my bf's friend couldn't help but laugh since he was sitting across from me watching my face as she shook her tits in MY bf's face totally reading my expression out loud after she left the table. Its one thing if i don't come with, but when i am with him don't try no funny business in front of me. I am not insecure people I just do not feel comfortable watching my boyfriend oogle some ugly ass(literally) broad shake her tits 2 inches from his face. Territorial and Jealousy are two different things. ANYHOW....FOOD: AWESOME chicken sandwich with the pesto mayo is to die for. cole slaw is okay french fries are stellar and so is the garlic fries apparently.  It is a little pricey but it was a first and last thing for me. I wasn't so thrilled with the place i want to go back for the food and tits in my face thing again as a customer. Our waitress always came by and even sat at our table sometimes. which i thought was weird but shes 19 so you know...19 your dumb at that age in a way. You may be book smart but nobody invited her to sit at our table like she was our long lost best friend. Excuse me but go back to work we are having a discussion and have to stop our discussion now to make a new one because you have nothing better to do at work obviously (even though you are in a tiny outfit and could be building on your tips at other tables but making me want to give you less). So thinking about all this that has happened i am only giving them half a star for the food and half a star for the fact the waitress always asked if we needed anything else. But to cut into our discussions i found to be extremely unprofessional and rude in a way. So after that i really can't say that i would want to return to any Tilted Kilt to be quite honest with you unless i was offered a job there. HONESTLY...
1	brought a buddy here thinking it would be coolwrongcute girls, friendlybut food sucked, grilled wings are worst I have ever had, and had to send them back twicefinally after the 2nd time said we didnt want them for a 3rd (first time not cooked fully and cold, 2nd time burnt and not like blackend grilled chicken, BURNT burnt)they took them off the bill (of course) but still charged us the .59 cents for the 2nd ranch we ordered FOR those wing...and would NOT take it off!Insane...OK spot for a beer, but should have known better than to plan on eating at a place like this!
1	I really wanted to like it here. I've been wanting to go to a Tilted Kilt since I moved to Arizona because I love sports bars and I think the outfits on the girls are super cute. Well, what a big disappointment this place was! The food was soooo nasty. I got a flatbread pizza that makes TV dinners seem amazing. My fiance got the ruben and it was bland and DISGUSTING. To top it off, our waitress was an idiot. Another waitress kept coming over and apologizing for her co-worker because she seemed more interested in chatting with the other girls than doing her job. My fiance was super annoyed, I had to calm him down during our dinner! Also, minus a million stars for the horny old men slipping 20 dollar bills to the servers before even getting their bill. Um sir, that won't make her like you. Eww...
4	Went to the Tilted Kilt on Sunday morning to watch the NFL games.  Free parking was available on the surrounding streets.  There were also several parking garages within a block of the restaurant.  The restaurant is located on the second floor of the building at 2 East Jefferson.  Look for the escalator.We arrived at kickoff, and there were plenty of tables in the main dining area and seats at the bar.  I was with a group of friends from the Bay Area, so we found the Raiders-Texans game and got a table.  The breakfast menu is limited to four choices.  We chose the Tilted Kilt Breakfast: three eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, toast.  Our food came out within five minutes of ordering.  It was pretty good.There are plenty of TVs all over the restaurant, so it is easy to find your game.  The Tilted Kilt girls were friendly, and looked great in the mini plaid skirts.The Raiders beat the Texans in a close game!!  After the game most of our group left, so there were only three of us remaining.  We noticed three open seats at the bar.  We closed our tab, and moved to the bar for the afternoon games.  I enjoyed sitting at the bar more than the dining area.  The bar has five TVs side by side so you can watch five games at once.  If you play fantasy football, being at the bar is the perfect spot.For the afternoon games, we ordered Irish Nachos, the cheesesteak salad, the bbq bacon cheeseburger, and beer.  The salad and burger were good, but we were disappointed in the nachos.The food is above average.  The beer is cold.  The girls are pretty, and there are plenty of TVs.  We had a blast watching our games!  If I'm ever in Phoenix during an NFL weekend, I will return to the Tilted Kilt.
1	What a great looking bar. Too bad that's where the good things stop. We decided to stop in for a couple drinks before last night's Foo Fighters show. Little did we know they would be so woefully understaffed. Maybe if the 3 bartenders balanced their attention between the inside customers as well as the outside, I would return. Sadly, I will not. I'd love to give a food review, but something tells me, I'd still be waiting. (tip for the owners...when you have big events downtown, please plan your staffing. Downtown Phoenix is trying to "rise from the ashes" and your not helping.)
1	Went here before the Foo Fighters last night, the place was crowed and not staffed at all, I was waiting at the bar for 20mins and the bartender never came to our side. This place can't handle big events downtown, Stay Away....
3	Prepare to pay 10 dollah for parking across the street, unless you happen to be parked elsewhere for a concert or game.  Not for the the girlfriends/wives dressed to kill in matching sexy stilletoe heels, because prepare to hobble.   Food is usual bar and grill food.  Ambiance is standard double jumbo tron projection TVs and multiple smaller flat screens blaring the game of the day.   Svc. is standard.  Good for the creepy old midlife crisis men who ogle young twenty somethings dressed in mini skirt kilts and unbuttoned tight shirts.   Food is rather decent if you send back your food to the kitchen to have it reheated or re-done.  That usually gets the management's attention to make it right and bring it back faster, otherwise prepare to wait.  and wait.  but for the average customer here just to watch a game, one barely notices.  I never did receive my order of "famous" galric fries, because they forgot to bring my order, and the steamed clams they brought out were icy cold and shriveled to tiny black nubbins.  When I asked them to taste for themselves, they made a face and quickly brought out a brand new batch which were plump and tasty.   Then why did it take 45 minutes for me to get my first order? I didn't even get any alcohol drink.  It's one of those novelty- themed sports bars where a guy goes for standard brew and some mediocre chow to fill some kind of psychological void while watching a game.   Not a romantic date place, for sure, and not so much fun for the family with kids, either, unless one takes a bunch of boys here to celebrate their bar mitzvahs. I went because my Love so desperately wanted to see Sunday football someplace different than Zipps, while I desperately wanted to have gourmet food and go shopping at a mall.   Might as well drop your man off at this sports bar which can serve as a sort of day care center, while the ladies make a run to the mall, otherwise, one is better off to go the local sports bar (unless you want to shell out extra mulah) for standard food and TV fare.
2	I work in CityScape, so the location makes this a prime option for lunch. Unfortunately, the service always fails expectations. I'm guessing most of the customers don't mind this (see reference to creepy old dudes in reviews below)...but I do mind.  So, my co-workers and I have decided to order pick-up a few times.  They can't even get that right.  Too bad, the food is fine.  I usually order the buffalo chicken wrap, which I happen to like a lot...but let's face it, I can get buffalo chicken sandwich at Lucky Stripe for $3 less and be reasonably sure I'll get what I order when I order it.
4	Nice place to hang out. Great happy hour deals on drinks. Sausage sampler was good and the burgers too.
3	so been drug here a few times since and had a much better timesome of the staff were actually friendly and helpful!food was decent
2	It's like hooters, kind of.  Or at least I think that's what their going for.  Food - not badDrinks - standard barAtmosphere - ok for a sports bar downtown, lots of TVsService - yeah right.  You'll need to head to the bar at least once if you want to drink anything.Would I go again?  Yeah, but only if I was meeting someone there and didn't have a chance to persuade them to go elsewhere.  And because it's close to the light rail.
4	so surprised to see all the 1 star ratings on here.  went last night walking distance from the us airways arena after the michael jackson cirque show.  at the desk is a sign saying txt this number for a free appetizer, got a free order of irish fries they were GREAT!  also ordered wings, sausage sampler and bacon wrapped chicken skewer, plus 2 beers, all were good.  the girls were hot.  only downfall was LOUD!
1	Went for lunch today. No wait to get a table, about the only good thing about this visit. From here our waitress couldn't remember my wife's drink order, couldn't seem to refill anyone's drink very quickly, took 40 minutes to get our food and most of it was cold when we got it. When we told the Waitress, she said "really? It just came off the line!" Normally I would send it back or tell the manager, but we had a birthday party to go to so we just wolfed it down and left. I loved the north Scottsdale location but this one has horrible service, I will avoid at all costs. I was not the only one, I heard others complaim as we were leaving too!
4	I'm a fan of Tilted Kilt. The atmosphere can be a bit distasteful for some due to the uniform but if you can turn a blind eye to that, the food can be very enjoyable. I say that with the preconceived notion that your expecting bar food when you walk into this establishment.Lets be honest with what the concept behind Tilted Kilt is, A sports bar for men that 1UPs hooters.  I absolutely can't stand hooters food and regular bar food can be a bit dingy or greasy in most cases. Tilted Kilt offers a much broader menu than most with salads, sandwiches, full entrees, you name it. As lame as it sounds, my go to is the Chicken Tender basket with no sauce, it comes with Cheyenne Ranch and the chicken is lightly breaded. It has the right about of spicy for me at lunch and doesn't over stuff me when I need to get back to work. Other suggestions would be the drunken clams appetizer or the Fish Tacos, they hit the spot too. Yes, some servers can be hit or miss, but feel like that happens any where you go these days.  I take it with a grain a salt I guess. But my overall response and feedback on this place is that they are an excellent sports bar that beats out Hooters, I don't think they are trying to be anything else than that.
3	Yes I'm reviewing this....why not?  Just an Scottish version of a Hooters bar, whats not to love.But of course, the food as expected isn't all that great, but the ladies are shall I say, have nice outfits and truly warm up to you.  Cheers to ASU.  Heck, you even get a collectors card to take home and show your wife and kids.  For the upside, at least it made my trip to Tempe somewhat memorable, even though it required venturing outside to Phoenix for a drink and grub.  Just a 30 min travel away and 2 transfers.  For the food:-Garlic Fries - bleh, although its the skinnier type fries, no one does it better than Gordon Biersch-Spinach Dip - bland and too chunky-Grilled Buffalo Wings - I got like 3 that were burnt, and although its supposedly different from the deep fried type, they were just like the ones you cook on the bbq, except .....more burnt.  I didn't enjoy it that much I had myself to blame since I was craving wings for some reason.-Side of Dublin Stew - Probably the one thing I'm glad I got since it was sort of like a Shepards Pie in stew form.  Tasty and pretty filling.As for the drinks:-After all, the bar was just calling out to me and although I had hoped to see more beers on tap, unfortunately, a majority of their beer list was bottled.  I went with the Kilt Lifter...something that sounded rather appropriate which turned out to be like an IPA but toned down and had a sweeter taste like that of a Hef.
3	Same as the other locations, except that this one has some tables in a weird accommodation. Girls always smiling and ready to please specially male costumers, but that too helps when you want a good and efficient service.Food is regular bar food and my friend was a bit disappointed that the spicy chorizo sandwich was not spicy at all. Well maybe next time! At least is another (better) option from places to go when you are going to Symphony Hall.
1	Game Night, Suns v T'Wolves.  but its amateur night at the bar.  This place hires all the bar-tending class failures (is that even possible?).   I had to double check and made sure I'm not wearing my Army Camo's cuz it felt like they could not see me.  finally got a drink with lingering empty glass, not once I had a drink check, ordered a shot for my buddy that required several reminding's.  On top of that I was handed somebody else's bill.  WOW!I don't think this place deserve any Stars.  Snap!! I just realize that I too, as a man would be dis grunted if I have to wear a skirt to make living.
3	I have not eaten anything at the Tilted Kilt but I want to write a review thanking the staff of the Tilted Kilt.  It was my boyfriend's birthday on St. Patrick's Day and I had paid online for tickets to get in to the street party.  By the time we got there that evening they were letting people in for free so the money I could have spent on food and drinks went to tickets I didn't need.  A manager, I think his name was Joe, was very accommodating and escorted our party to the VIP section.  The drinks at the bar were twice the size of any drink I've gotten at any party I've been at before and the bartenders were fun and lively even though it was cold and windy outside.I really appreciated the effort that was made by all the staff to make sure everyone enjoyed themselves at the street party even though it was so cold and so many people were leaving because of the cold.
3	If you like half naked, drop dead gorgeous waitresses and alcohol, you should have no problem enjoying a night here. If good service and 5 star food is more your speed, travel elsewhere. Sure, you might get the wrong bill brought to your table, twice, and maybe the drinks are inconsistent and the food sub par, but let's face it. You shouldn't be coming here for much more. The beer is cold and the women are beautiful and really, everything else you can get somewhere else.
2	March madness....Tilted Kilt madness! The good: Close place by the US Airways stadium with cheap BEER...The Bad: Slow service, small cold pizza, semi cold beer and girls looked tired...need to smile more! Not like I care but if you plan to be understaffed on a big night of game events....make it work!
1	Sat at bar for 5 minutes while male bartender flirted with females... Worst "kilt" in the valley!
5	Ok, so Ive been here four times in the last few months and Ive got to say.. this is hands down, the best Tilted Kilt in the valley.  We've been going here because of Phoenix Comicon meetings we have downtown.  Which is awesome this place opened up..  Because last year we went to Majerles almost every day for lunch for Phoenix Comicon.  THIS will be our new place to hang out.  The food is great.  If you love sweet potato fries.. holy crap, you will love theirs.  Amazing!The waitresses are wonderful and treat you with the most respect.  Of course they are eye candy and make the Hooter girls seem like nothing. TK knows how to hire beauty.  Even the guys are GQ quality.  Treat them with respect and you get it back. (meaning no oogling to the point you fall out of your chair) So I guess that's why we have a good time there. Drinks are plentiful and management always comes around to make sure you're doing well.  Just love this place and the atmosphere.TIP: If you want an amazing view of the city, sit outside on the balcony!
1	I just left after waiting 20 minutes for the bartender, Susie, to take my order.   At this rate the  game would be over by the time I ordered.   My beer was good but that is thanks to Sam Adams.    I will not go back to this tilted kilt. I would rather eat overpriced ball park food.    I wish I could have reviewed the food, but my time is more valuable than the tilted kilt realizes.
2	Never been before. We were in Phoenix for a concert across the street.I ordered the Danny Boy's Sheppard's Pie.  Boring. One note flavor, and just covered up by boxed potatoes.  It's served with "toasted" bread. Mine; burnt.I also ordered a Ceaser's salad.  Poor thing... drowned twice in dressing.My water was good, though. And our waitress at least made eye contact with me, and not just the boys.
2	Irish version of Hooters?I guess this is the type of place people will go to see young college girls in skimpy clothes, not necessarily for the food. I went here after a baseball game to grab some food and some beer. We ordered their wings and garlic fries to share. The wings were just horrible. We asked for a mixture of their hot sauce and their sweet and spicy sauce and grilled. The waitress totally commended us for that decision and said it was sooo good. And it wasn't. It was TERRIBLE. The wings were so greasy and the sauce was incredibly lackluster. We left most of them on the plate and believe me, that NEVER happens with me and  food.  The garlic fries....meh. I really think they could use some more garlic but maybe that is just my personal preference. As far as the service, the girls were very friendly. But when our food was set down, they did not bring two little plates and we were missing silver ware. We kept trying to grab someone's attention and it took forever. When we needed our check, our waitress was nowhere to be seen. Some of their beer cocktails looked pretty interesting. So now I know that this place is mainly for drinking and I will only go again if the people I am with want to go there for the novelty. The view of downtown from the second story is very nice!
1	Went here on a Wednesday two weeks ago and left my credit card by accident. Called Thursday and was headed out of town so I asked if the manager would hold it until Monday. He said he would and that was fine.I work in Queen Creek and drove the 40 miles into downtown Phoenix after work on Monday and skipped a meeting for my own child. I got there, and Robin the GM told me Danny, her assistant manager, had taken the cards to Chase Bank Friday morning to shred them all, including mine. I was MAD.  I spent gas money to get there and Danny assured me he'd hold it for me. I had to cancel all of my online transactions, too.Robin the GM said it was Danny's fault, asked for my cell # and promised he'd call to fix it. It is TWO WEEKS LATER now and no call... ever. I am not happy. A comped meal to make up for gas money would've been nice, atleast.Had Robin the GM known that I have the ear of the people who run Phoenix Comicon that brings over 6,000 customers into the area, perhaps Danny would've called me back. They now have the chance to lose a lot more business. People need to be fair to each other. It was my fault I forgot the card but they promised to keep it til Monday and then later promised to fix it - they did neither.
1	Visited 5.27.2012 (@2:45pm)This is only the second time that I have eaten at this location and my boyfriend and I had pretty terrible service.  When we walked and asked if we could sit outside the hostess handed us menus and told us to sit wherever.  So we did. We sat there for about 15 minutes.  A few waitresses smiled at us but no one asked if we had been helped. Finally, a waitress came over who didn't know the price differences between domestic or foreign beer - only new the specials.  Then she left to find out how much a Kiltlifter draft would be - $6 (kind of pricey) but my boyfriend ordered one anyways.  I ordered a bloody mary.  The drinks seemed to take a long time and the waitress explained that my bloody mary was what was holding things up. Truthfully it wasn't busy at all and the bartender should have had no problems pouring a draft beer and mixing vodka with bloody mary mix pretty quickly.  When the drinks came (brought by a different waitress) there were no garnishments for my drink.  I had to get up to get my own (no bloody mary bar either).  The food came, again from a different waitress, but we had no napkins or silverwear.  I stole one off of the table next to us and went in for another. When I asked the bartender - he told (rather rudely) a waitress to "get her a place setting."  I was really appalled by the way he spoke to her.  We started eating and the original waitress stopped by to see how our meal was and the food was pretty good so we both said good.  When the bill came I was pretty disappointed that the waitress did not inform us that there would be an up-charge for sweet potato fries.  So his burger and my Caesar chicken wrap were $13 each. Having been to many downtown restaurants where I have received great service I could not let this experience go by without saying something.  I regret not saying something at the time but the staff didn't seem to appreciate our patronage in the first place.  Go to Arrogant Butcher if it is open instead.S~
2	Very slow service and so so food.  Good looking menu but will not be back.
3	Tilted Kilt is just one of those places where you know what you're getting into. It's that simple in my opinion, and that's why I say it's A-OK. I've had to be a patron of this particular TK recently because it is one of the few restaurants downtown that can handle a large group, which is a shame. That said, the food isn't awful, and the beer is kept flowing. So, if you're going for the purpose of hanging out with a group, it's not the worst option out there.The food is okay, the service can be hit or miss, and the beer selection isn't that bad. This location is definitely one of the better TK's out there, so go...as long as you know what you're going there for. And yes, I'm talking to you, critical foodie. ;)
3	Alright....this is a chain.... so you get what you think you are gonna get.They were only about 30 or 40 percent full on the Sunday afternoon we went there.Our waitress had too many tables.... inside where we were and outside.  So she was running her patootie off.... and seemed very hurried.  I blame management for overstreching her.  Huge gaps between her visits.  Some more bus boys to keep the drinks fresh and troubleshoot would have helped alot.The food was good.  I had a burger that was tasty and perfect fries.  The ale was super.  Lots of drinks to choose from.Ambience.  If you are into sports there are tons of TVs and blaring sports sounds.Not my cup of tea.... but then again .... the waitresses give you plenty of ....shall we say... other things to look at besides the lame sports offerings.
1	Embarassed I went in.. what a hack job!  All dudes other than the waitresses, btw. The shorter the skirt the higher the price.
1	Our food was pretty good but then again it's just your standard bar food, kind of hard to mess up.  Service was alright, not horrible but the servers weren't as attentive as I would have expected.(They do work for tips right?) We sat out on the outdoor patio, beautiful night out.  We had front row seats for the firework show that took place after the baseball game, which was pretty cool.  I would have given the place 3 stars however; after we ate we saw a huge cockroach make his way across the outdoor patio. It turned my stomach so bad, I will never go back.  I am in no way saying the place has cockroach infestation BUT the fact that it had one on the outside deck where we just eat will forever deter me from returning.  Don't waste your time; there are plenty of other places downtown to eat at!
3	Usually good service but not very good service this eve. Server was good in the beginning. Then she came over and said she was transferring out and hinted if we wanted to pay the bill. We just sat down and started watching the game so it was a bit awkward. So we decided to go ahead and pay. a mistake. As soon as we did, we got no more service from that server or any other. We waited a long time to get our drinks refilled and nobody cleared out our finished items. No other server came by. And we closed out as a favor to her. unfortunately I will come back because they have better TVs than any other place. I would have given 1 star for this experience, but the other times I've been here, I got good service. Plus i had a little time to reflect. Still a good place to watch games because they have better tvs than other sports bars. Buffalo wild wings may comes close. So I gave two more. Food is ok.
4	I would love to say that this a wonderful place to go, but the only thing great about here is SOME of the girls are actually good looking.  Of course this is why most men go here? Anyways, the food is at best fair and the service is at best fair.  Again if it weren't for the girls the review would probably worse. The drinks are good, but alcohol always makes you say that.
3	Ummm, not sure what to think.I'll give them a B for effort, a real Irish bar it is not but you know that.  Then there's that comparison to Hooter's.... um, no.  From what I do remember from that night is that I had an insane amount of Car Bomb's (Tilted calls them something else on the menu.  Why?)  Hey, I wasn't paying for them.  Service was good, they did a good job to keep the inebriation train a rollin'.Relax, none of us were driving.  Walking back to the hotel was fun though.I also seem to recall that they did last call at 10pm... really?Oh, I see why, they use Michael Collins instead of Jameson's... very nice.
1	Called and made reservations for 9:15 and they told me the their kitchen would make last call at 9:45. Arrived at 9:10 and they told our party of 12 that the kitchen was closed! Not a very happy group being turned away that late! When there is a large festival in town, you should plan to stay open to accommodate.
3	Food was decent. Liked the decor and the uniforms. Drink specials were decent and our waitress was nice and attentive. Overall, had a good time there and I would go back.
2	Where's the scenery?  I thought this place was known for it's visually pleasing wait staff.Very disappointed.  Drinks were expensive and service was mediocre.
2	Typical chain.
2	I don't like places like this. That's totally my perogative. Bobby! Anyways. Dude so my sister used to work at Hooters and this is the same bar with a Scottish makeover. The drink specials are not very special and the servers have been a bit rude every time I've veen in. But if you like cheap bar food with girls in skimpy clothing... Hey oh! This is the place for you homie!
1	Just walked in here all excited to get some Irish Nachos and we stood at the blank hostess desk for five minutes while a few waitresses walked around the restaurant, one hiding behind the bar who kept looking at us and not coming over. After a few more minutes and me literally doing some SOS arm-waving action, she came over to us.  By that point we were done, and she didn't seem to care at all. Didn't apologize. Just blank stare and moved on to the next person in line.  I'm all fine with bars with skimpy dressed chicks, but no burger or beer is worth that crappy of service.
2	Meh. Went here after a Suns game recently... Decent beer selection. Food was underwhelming all-around.  Even the onion rings were funky.  I will likely not be stopping in here for food in the future when there are such good options nearby.  Stop in for beers, maybe!
1	Wow. First time here. Hungry and the food was still bad. Only go for cold beer, big screen TVs and push up bras. There is nothing else here!
3	This place was just ok to me. Nothing specail. It seems a bit like a HOOTER want to be joint just in an Irish theme. Came to watch the games. There was plenty of tv's which where nice.
2	It's a chain, it's a little overpriced and the food is mediocre. I went here after going to an event downtown. This location was insanely busy, but they did manage to get out the food quickly. Props to the kitchen on this.Overall - Speed A- (considering)Food portion - C (Downtown? go to Seamus, or Turf, or Rose& Crown / In the East Valley? Fibber Magee's/Rula Bula/Robbie Fox's)Authenticity - D (It's supposed to be an Irish pub yeah?)I realize it's a chain, so I probably shouldn't be so harsh in the first place.
4	Hooters has nothing on the Tilted Kilt, except maybe San Diego. Suzie (the bartender) was pleasant and quick to get my order. I walked in when it opened and you can tell she had to do the prep for the day and she handled it like a champ.I had the TK's Signature Wings - Kilt Burner Sauce, which wasn't that hot. I was expecting an explosion of burning goodness. They were still delectable, but I wanted HOT!! Anyway, the view of Suzie was absolutely easy on the eyes. She is absolutely gorgeous! I would go back just to have her service. :-)A great beer selection on tap also made this a good spot to eat lunch/ drink lunch.
5	I had a large group of people (around 30) that wanted to meet up at Tilted Kilt after the WWE's Royal Rumble PPV. I called about a week advance and they said, even though they don't usually take reservations, they would set us up with the party room for the time we requested.Everything ended up going about as well as possible. The waitresses did an excellent job and they were very organized. Everyone got their checks separated and in an orderly fashion. One person's order got messed up and they were able to get something else and weren't charged for the meal. Everyone else enjoyed their food and the staff was very good about getting an extra table and chairs in there when we needed them.I just wanted to say that I had a tremendous time and I was extremely satisfied. Thank you Tilted Kilt for accommodating us!
5	Came here after Royal Rumble.  Bartenders were nice.  Right across the street from the arena.  Staff didn't care that we were yelling at people from the balcony.  Drinks weren't extremely overpriced like the bars around Staples. Five stars. (didn't try the food)
4	Funny to see a couple of the recent reviews be for visitors when the WWE Royal Rumble was in town, as they seemed to be on their A-game that day compared to other reviews. But perhaps not their A "talent". Think of the Tilted Kilt as a Scotish version of Hooters with girls in provocative school girl outfits. Sounded good to me ... except I'd seen better talent at the Hooters in Manassas. Downtown Phoenix, you can do better than that!They had a great vibe going before the Royal Rumble. Looking for our second spot to drink, my friend and I decided to try the Tilted Kilt because of proximity to the arena and high probability of good beer. When we approached, we saw a line forming out front and I immediately sensed this was a hot pre-Rumble spot. We moved through the crowded restaurant to the exterior bar area and, sure enough, it was the WWE Universe, right in your face.It was a great pre-event atmosphere. Ample space outside to handle the crowds, a great vibe of people gathering from all over the world for a common event and interest, and solid service at a crowded "college bar" type of atmosphere. And the beer selection was pretty good. I think it was about 25 brews and reminded me of a Buffalo Wild Wings type of selection - heavy on the national "microbrews" like Sam Adams and Blue Moon, and the big name InBev imports. They did feature four beers from Four Peaks, a Tempe-based brewery that I saw everywhere in Phoenix. And the Hoegaarden was a nice touch. It's the beer that Blue Moon tried to copy, but failed miserably. It reminded me how much I love Hoegaarden (and despise Blue Moon)I have a feeling my review would be different if I ate here ... this looks like one of those chainy food factories where everything would be bland and indistinguishable. But rating solely on the beer, service, and experience - 4 stars is deserved.
2	After a couple of visits to Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery, I think I've had my fill.On my first visit with a group of friends, we were denied food because it was too close to the kitchen's closing time or something of that nature.  Frankly, given they were new to downtown Phoenix at the time and just beginning to build a clientele, so I was a bit surprised they turned away a party of about ten people.  No worries--we found another local place perfectly willing to accommodate us.My more recent visit was just a couple of days ago; a party of two in the afternoon hours.  At first, the server seamed quick and attentive, but after serving drinks and entrees, disappeared.  We had to wait about 30 minutes after finishing our meals to get a carryout container, then she never brought the check.  So much for the service.The food was mediocre.  I say that because my friend enjoyed the Pastrami Sandwich, my I didn't care for the Danny Boy's Shepherd's Pie at all.  The mashed potatoes had the texture of cardboard and the mystery meat had no flavor of beef.  I guess the two meals averaged out to "mediocre."  Of course, the absentee server might have known that if she bothered to check back with us.I don't ask for much --- I really don't.  I never send my food back, but is dropping $50 on two entrees and two drinks in exchange for discernible food and a server who doesn't forget you exists too much to ask for?  :::Sigh::: Oh, and I like to be able to hear the game on tv as much as anyone else, but PLEASE turn it down a notch so I can hear the person sitting two feet away from me speak.
4	The food and service is always great at the multiple locations we've gone to. Had a great late night dinner last night but our first impression from the hostess was not good. Whoever the blonde hostess was between 9:30-10pm Sat. 10/23 at the downtown Phoenix location needs to learn how to smile. From the moment we walked in the door until she put our menus on the table felt like she was being bothered to help us....your customers....no smile, no enjoy your meal.....nothing. I thought maybe it was because it was late and we had our 12 y/o son with us but I watched her seat three other tables near us....same attitude....we at least got eye contact.....yay!! And when we left, she was standing at the hostess stand by herself, leaning against the back counter.....again no smile, thank you for coming......NOTHING!! Pretty girl but very ugly attitude!! I know she's young but someone might want to tell her if she's having fun with customers while she's working....her shift will go by much faster!!We will be back and probably sooner than later for some yummy food and cold beer!! Just thought you might like to retrain or switch out your front line personal.
4	Another poster put it best. It's the Irish version of Hooters. Although I would rate Tilted Kilt a little classier and cleaner than a Hooters. The waitresses are good to look at and the beer is cold, although a bit pricey. We didn't try the food, but I didn't have much to complain about.
4	Attended an industry event here recently after a conference. This is one of the highlights of downtown Phoenix.  It's located on the 2nd floor of the building across from US Airways Arena.  It's much smaller than I expected, but it handled the 100+ people at the event well.The servers are friendly and attentive.  The food was so/so.  The event hosts had self-serve Nachos, Flatbread, and Wraps.  It was above average for an event like this.  I want to come back and try something from the real menu.There's a small patio that overlooks 1st St and Jefferson.  Too bad there's not much of a regular nightlife scene in downtown Phoenix, otherwise this could be a hot spot.  This is definitely on my list of pre-party joints before a Suns game.Return Factor - 80%
2	Dropped in with a friend on a Friday night and it was D-E-A-D.....that's never a good sign but we figured oh well, we're here so might as well stay.  We grab a table and a waitress comes over pretty quickly to get our order.  My friend was hungry so we asked about food but she informed us that the kitchen closed at midnight, it was about 12:08.  That was annoying because I just feel like if your establishment is open until 2:00 you should have the WHOLE thing open until 2:00am.  So once that was discovered we decided we were just gonna finish our drinks and look for somewhere that did serve food.  Unfortunately at this point our waitress had vanished.  We were looking around the whole bar (which again, was 90% empty) and couldn't find her anywhere.  After a while I finally spot her and made some serious eye contact until she figured out that we needed her.  The whole stop there felt like a waste of time and was accompanied by service that, while friendly, wasn't present when we needed it.
2	So I was on a bit of a side trip this past weekend and stopped in here with some friends from the area.  We were going to a sporting event in the area and decided to grab a bite before going into the game.Not sure if the experience was just due to there being a sporting event around the corner or if this place is just this bad every day.So lets start it off at the door.  Walked up to the hostess stand where three ladies in the bars outfit of short plaid skirts, white dress shirts open to show cleavage, and knee socks were standing around chatting it up about someones boy toy.  Took me a few minutes to get their attention.  I was then informed it was a wait for a table and handed a paging device to let me know when the table was ready.  Nothing else, no how many in the group, no suggestion to grab a drink at the bar, nothing.  OK.. so this is off to a bad start.  So the folks I am with and I decide to ignore the ladies at the hostess stand like they did to us and wandered over to the bar for a round of drinks.  This round was by far the best part of our visit to this establishment.  The bartender was a nice guy got us exactly what we ordered very quickly and even engaged us in some small talk for a bit as he delivered our round.  He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.  Wish I could remember his name to give him proper credit.  He is the only reason this visit did not end up with one star.  While we were standing there with the pager puck we could see three tables big enough for our group left uncleared for at least 15 minutes. So after about a half hour the little pager puck starts blinking and we head back to the hostess stand.  Come to find out for our group of four the ladies put down a group of two.  Glad our whole group walked up there or we would have been squeezed into a postage stamp table.  First table the gentleman (I am guessing manager of some level) took us too was inside and the din was about deafening.  We asked for a table outside that we had seen that were left uncleared.  The gentleman seating us said he would check on those.  We followed him outside as he caught someones arm and had them clear and wipe off a table for us.Our server showed up a few minutes after the manager/seater left and took our drink order and a appetizer order.  About ten minutes later she showed back up with half of the drink order and a promise to be right back with the rest of them.  Only bringing some things and broken promises are going to be common occurrences for the evening, but you will gather that in a few more lines.  So without the rest of the drink order and not the alcoholic ones those came out the first time, she came back to take our food order.  After she finished that we had to practically grab her arm to ask about the rest of the drinks to which she replied she would be right back with them.  Well 10 minutes later we flagged down a different waitress to get the rest of our drink order.When the Appetizer came out it was good, we had the Irish nachos or whatever they were called.  Very good I thought, nice sized portion for our group.  Might be a bit much for a party of two.  No mention of the half of the drink order that we had to ask someone else for.  Not even an offer for refills, had to ask for those.Refills came out about 15 minutes later with a promise that our dinner order was soon to be up.   Well 20 minutes after that we flagged down the Manager/seater gentleman as he was walking nearby and asked for refills and an update on when our dinner order was going to be out.  Should have kept an exact clock running on all of these visits as I am sure it was another 10 minutes at least before our waitress came by with one of the three refills requested, the alcoholic one of course and a promise that our dinner order was next up.Fast forward another 15 minutes to a different waitress bringing out our food order and not the two other refills that we had asked for from the manager a half hour ago or so.  That waitress brought the lemonades right away and was apologetic.  Dinner was good.  Should have been after waiting the better part of an hour and a half to get it.  No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it. Overall, I don't think I will be back to this location.  Might try a different one and on a night that there isn't anything else going on to see if this type of service is the norm or just because of the events downtown.In short ... Yelper Beware ... this is not a place to go if you have anything planned afterward unless you give yourself a few hours.
4	As I had to cover the Jodi Arias trial for the last 4 months I got very accustomed to walking to the kilt for a lunch time beer and some food occasionally. I like the layout and half in half out bar they have with a nice view of the ball park. Every waitress I had was very friendly and always did a good job. I liked their kilt burger so much I never ordered any other item but everyone that I ate with had good things to say about their dishes. They have a beer of the month special and good happy hour. I really like their TK lager beer, very tasty!
4	Visited 5/11/13.Tilted Kilt is a typical bar type restaurant.  They have a nice selection of draft beers.  And typical bar food.In fact, on this visit, my food was less than quality. I had the open meat loaf sandwich. It was not very filling and I was not impressed with the meat loaf. It is in a nice location next to both US Airways Arena and Chase Ball Park. Nice location to meet for a quick burger and beer before a game. My main reason for this review is to compliment the service, or management during this specific day.  And the reason for the fourth star....With a group of guys for a day at the ball game.  On first round of drinks, waitress spilled beer down my back while serving. She was carrying too much to handle and trying to reach across and set glass down. Lost control of her tray and the result was a beer bath.  Of course I was in my game jersey...  The waitress response was less than quality. After cleaning up the spill and delivering a new beer, her only response was to ask if there was "anything else I needed."  At that point, it was time to talk with the manager...I wish I could remember the manager name... He told me, but I forgot...  But his response and service was exceptional.  Comp'd my meal and offered to give me a t-shirt from their store. But when he did not have my size, gave me money to by a new t-shirt at the ball park.Only because of the manager response would I return. If it was left up to the waitress and her response, probably would not be back..
5	Love the Irish nachos!! And the service is always GREAT!!
2	The food isn't bad (usually), and they have a decent selection of beers.  But I was expecting (based on the website and pictures) a really hot staff.  It is NOT.This place might be amazing if you are a woman, I wouldn't know, but I hear the hot guys in kilts there can't be beat anywhere downtown?  Maybe the place to take your BF to show him you're open minded, while drooling over the bartender? The guys In kilts are friendly, cool, and make me feel a bit like I need to get to the gym.Honestly, it's probably better for women than men, because the guys on staff are good looking built enough to make me extremely jealous. The female staff is about what you would expect at a out of the way Hooters in the middle of nowhere or something, only with more tattoos.  They are in the "decent, but debatable if I'd even date that" category.The food is debatable.  It's a traditional UK'ish menu, which isn't a bad thing.  But it depends on how it's prepared, so when the right cook is working it's brilliant, and worth every penny.  When the wrong cook is working, it might as well be microwaved frozen food.Honestly, if you at CityScape already and are a guy just looking to see hot staff, you are probably better off at Copper Blues or Gypsy Bar. But, the female staff is friendlier at the other bars in CityScape.  At Tilted Kilt the female staff sort of act like they hate the fact they are wearing those outfits and hate the fact they have to serve you.  Not a good thing for a theme restaurant.
2	I've been to other Tilted Kilt locations before so I knew what to expect.  My girlfriend's fries were undercooked.  Our server seemed a bit ditsy and took a long time to check in on us.  It wasn't a terrible experience, but it wasn't great either.  I'd say skip this location.
5	OK. I don't review n bars usually but we had an amazing time here.First ask for Annie. She was an amazing wit and drained us of all our cash while maintaining to make us laugh and easily the hottest one here. She is also very knowledgeable about the local action.Beer and shots were tasty and fast and a great locals feel for a chain facility.Great employees make a great experience. Corporate America needs to remember this.
4	Hoh My Goodness. Where to start. Well, I do have quite possibly the best photo EVER from my visit there.I've got Charlie's Angels by my sides. I mean, if there were four Charlie's Angels. And if they wore the itsy bitsy outfits the gals do at Tilted Kilt. (I may need to tack the photo to my gym log book as a motivator. Damn them!)The kids that work there have boundless energy and seriously know their beer. Our server was very well versed in the food menu as well. She was quick to take an order and turn it around.Additionally our server knew the Phoenix downtown area really well. I live in Arcadia and am just getting to know downtown. I was around the corner for an event and had come over for a drink. With her boundless energy it was (beyond) easy to stay drink and be merry!(I'm going to have to come back and fill in our super awesome server's name. I don't have it handy right now. If you do look at my photo - it would be the brunette closest to me. The photo I'm referring to is in my profile photos. Not in the business photos.)The only ding - and this isn't actually a ding - I would give to my server is her boundless energy. Good lord! I think she must have Monster Energy Drink pulsing thru her veins. That one can talk forever and not be tired. Truth! The thing is - she's super cute! Not annoying. Very entertaining. I definitely have to find out her name so you can meet her too!If you like to drink (and who doesn't?) beer this is a good place! Ok, and the outfits probably don't hurt business either ;)
2	Only went for a drink or two. Decent place.
3	We all know this place, the bracket it lands upon and what we get out of this place. Normally not my place at all, but I have been here mainly for friday lunch with the lunch bunch. With this been said, it's a chain restaurant that knows what it is doing. When the focal point of the whole establishment is to hire cute girls to wait on hungry people (do I dare assume, mainly men?), it's a flawless business plan. Because cute girls they certainly have, it is clear that the service skills and interest is secondary to appearance. In fact I find this place to be fairly honest about their business plan, so to sit and judge the food like a gormand is mute - instead I have to judge the service and the ambiance.Did my lunch bunch get what we expected out of this experience? Absolutely, awesome waitresses that served us with a smile. That' s all we wanted. With that being said, I think that the atmosphere is too cliche and the sortiment of both food and beverages could be improved. But, considering the business model - who am I to be a snob?
3	I heard they was about to revamp this place, and in a way they did. A smaller more dense menu and a focus on what I feel they can handle. Kudos to this initiative. Again, my previous comment stands - this place is what it is, and nobody comes here for a gastronomical adventure. Service is good. Today's panegyric (yes, its a word) is to the manager of this place. We always give homage to the foot soldiers, and much deserved so - but today I want to let yelpers know that this beautiful girl is running a tight ship. It is clear that she takes her job seriously and personal, and dare I claim that she would take any complaint to heart and do what is within her power to fix it, if possible. I witnessed that today. That impressed me. So to whatever-your-name-is-manager at this establishment. Nicely done.. and keep looking so confident. It motivates.
1	My husband and I went to grab a beer and a bite to eat before heading over to a comedy show. Sat down at the bar, greeted 5 minutes later and ordered a beer. We asked for menus to see what we wanted and that's the last of us getting any attention. We sat there for over a half an hour watching the bartenders just chat with themselves and dance for the manager right in the corner next 2 us and finally we had enough. We asked for the bill and thanked them for never coming back to check in on us at which the bartender said "oh sorry" with an attitude. We spoke to the manager when we left to let him know what a disappointing experience we had. He offered to get someone who could take our order and would even comp us but that was not why we wanted to talk to him, it was more about him knowing what type of service was being given in his restaurant. We stay at the Hotel Palomar right next door many times a year and will take our business to the other restaurants nearby.
2	I've been to this location a couple of times and it is getting worse each time. The staff is good but the food is not. The lettuce looked dead and slimy on my wrap and their was a bug in my drink. I prefer twin peaks over Tilted Kilt now
4	Good food, nice beer selection.  Great scenery
4	Great Irish dip sanswich! And the service was pretty good! Although my friend was comped his coke and I wasn't. Maybe the waitress like him more...still a good experience!
5	The Tilted Kilt, at least the one in downtown Phoenix (the only one I have been to) is probably not what you would expect.  Yes, it is a relatively noisy sports bar.  Yes, the girls are attractive and wear tiny kilts.  But the food really is decent, the atmosphere is nice and, despite what some say, okay for family (I have seen lots of families with kids eating there on game days).  But, to be honest, none of that rates a five star review.  For me, the reason for five stars is the nice, hardworking, fun people who work at the restaurant.  They are Five-Star People.This place is close to work and relatively fast and the staff does not mind helping me with my newspaper crossword puzzles at lunch.  Everyone at the restaurant, from the hostesses, the the servers, the bussers (yes, the bussers) and the management, is really friendly.  I have had all of them sit down and chat with me at one time or another.  My friend, Melissa H., would say I have been ensorceled by the young girls but the fact is they are friendly and full of energy.  Special props go to Michelle (Meesh), Sarah, Kim, Annie and Denielle and to their great manager, MJ.This is not the place to go if you want to wow a client, woo a girlfriend or impress her parents.  If you just want decent, simple food in a fun atmosphere with fun people, this may be the place for you.
2	If there was halves I'd give this place 2-1/2 stars. Bar is in a great location, elevated on the second level in the downtown area. Outside bar is even better but they call this place a sports bar for a reason. Food is not the best by any means. I ordered a burger and it was okay.  Waitress had recommended the sweet potato fries to me and they were nothing special.  Overall, this is a good sports bar with mediocre food.  TV's are located throughout so you are bound to find whatever team you are rooting for!Also, the men servers in a kilt is a little weird to look at so be prepared!!
3	With the risk of pissing someone off or getting my ass kicked by a large Irish/Scottish gent, I must say, in America, KILTS ARE WEIRD ON MEN. Having said that, the ladies look ok with their pushed up and out boobies.The food is average at Tilted Kilt. The Shepard's Pie looked as if someone vomited on my mashed potatoes. On the other hand, the wings are VERY good. Especially the grilled wings.Tilted Kilt has a great selection of beer on tap.The service was mostly pleasant. I'm guessing management encourages a fun work environment, but that creates a lot of staff conversations. As customers, we don't need our hand held or non stop attention, but customer awareness leads to quality service.Tilted Kilt has many tv's. During the World Series, the game sound was audible 2 out of the 4 nights visited. Kind of a bummer not to hear sound for such a big sporting event. They played music during Monday Night Football.As you can see, I'm back and forth...thus giving Tilted Kilt 3 stars.
2	Decent service, poor food.  I got the fish and chips and it was more like fish out of the box and French Fries.  Really disappointing.
1	This was my first visit at Tilted Kilt. Me and my friend were there for lunch. it was pretty busy for lunch ( i don't know how though). As soon as we sat down the server asked us for drinks and everything was good so far. They changed shifts AND OUR SERVER CHANGED our server looked like she just woke up and came to work after a long night of partying, just looked like she didn't want to be there. Another thing i noticed is that there were only dudes in there ( literally no girl customer in there what so ever ). We ordered the food and it was CRAP ( not edible food) we ordered as follows:1. Black bean wrap- Great vegetarian option but it was too dry, not tasty at all seemed like it was sitting for a while so it  was chewy and very pricy ( not worth it )2. Irish nachos- Their signature item, I don't eat beef so i got it replaced for chicken. There was not enough cheese on it and you could not even tell there was chicken on it. the taste was blend and just seemed disgusting.3. Wings with signature sauce- seems like i was eating shredded chicken ( either it was way too soft or that was not chicken ) it was not cooked well either. i would rather have gone to BWW to eat a meal. overall it was CRAPY wings4. Garlic Fries- they said this was one of there best selling dish, i don't know how, but to me there was more grease then fries itself just disgusting .we are just so out of it, seems like this restaurant ( irish pub & eatery) concentrates more on how sluty there waitress should look then the food. THIS FRANCHISE WILL NOT SURVIVE FOR LONG TIME, THEY WILL CLOSE SOON. If you want to have fun here then drink over priced beer and look at some tits, but i rather do that at a strip club where i can actually see their tits for a price. I would suggest you to find a better place to go then this 'BREASTURANT'
2	We went here for a couple beers while in town for a concert. We ordered mozarella sticks and they arrived before we even had our first drink. The service was extremely slow and I don't care for half naked women. Maybe that is just me . . . .
3	Been to one been to them all. It's not really my scene but don't get me wrong if you're with a group of guys and want to watch the games it will suit your needs.
3	Visited before heading to a concert at US Airways Center. Was a bit of a last option because we hadn't planned on eating so no reservations were made but we were able to get a spot on the patio.Loved the pretzels, grab one and enjoy! Right after we sat down the place got really busy but service was a bit slow but they were really busy so I guess it's understandable.Nothing fabulous, nothing terrible.
4	Went to this location to watch an ASU game and just hang out with some friends. Ordered the blackened chicken flatbread and it was great. Just the right amount of spice so my nose didn't run. My favorite part was watching the more "seasoned" men stare and the waitresses with no shame. I will definitely be back to people watch and have some beers!
3	Amped up Scottish Hooters? Maybe that's not fair....Hooters is tired and so yesterday while Tilted Kilt is fun, busy and inviting. Still on a high from enjoying a concert across the street at US Airways, we were ready to do some drinking. Found our way upstairs to the Tilted Kilt and sat at the long bar table. The waitresses are really nice and it seemed to be a tag team effort going on to keep the customers happy and their drinks full.We were more interested in drinking than eating but appetizers were ordered (gotta soak up some of the alcohol!!). Three of us had pretzels and they came out hot, fresh and delicious. But the beer cheese. Ugh, the beer cheese. None of us cared for it. When a waiter was removing our dishes, he noticed one plate was practically untouched. He asked if it was unsatisfactory and the reply from K was that she didn't like the cheese. The waiter quietly told us he didn't either and then asked if he could bring out some nacho cheese. Much better choice for K but of the two kinds of cheese, 3 of us thought the beer cheese was better...and we didn't even really like that. A spinach artichoke dip and chips was ordered by M and it was quite good. In fact, we all helped her finish it off.Service is great at TK and the prices fair. In fact, I was surprised at the price of our shots - very reasonable, especially the Don Julio Blanco (my fav). Good times!
3	this place was ok and was your typical sports bar, nothing special. we checked in through yelp and got a free Irish nacho voucher which was awesome! the chips they use are so delicious. they taste like freshly made potato chips. the inferno burger was not spicy at all and the name was totally deceiving and inaccurate. the boneless wings were good but the chicken pieces were kinda dinky and the hottest sauce was not very hot but the flavor was more flavorful than the ordinary buffalo got sauce. the service was good, nothing to complain about there. overall it was just ok.
1	Got up and walked out. Sat at table for 10 minutes and was never acknowledged. Poor service never gets you to the point of whether the food is any good. This place seems to be nothing more than a high school redux. I'm going to avoid this place and this franchise from here on out. Do yourself a favor and go to one of the many other good places to eat at CityScape.
3	Ordered the chicken tender wrap tossed in signature Tilted Kilt's Sweet n Spicy sauce.  Just ok.  Not enough signature sauce.  Very good service.  Crowded and vibrant before Fri eve Suns game
4	Compared to the one in Orange, Cali., this one has much better service, food taste better! Will definitely be back to watch my ducks! The Kilt Club was very good!
4	Went to the tilted kilt 2 watch the 2014 nfl playoff games. The place was packed but I was seated,greeted and served within minutes. The $4 spicy bloody mary was fantastic. The ambiance was nice and so was the food. I recommend you try the bloody mary when u visit.
5	Great place to visit. Good food, cold beer an beautiful women. It's doesn't get any better in my opinion. It's hooters on steroids no joke
4	We stopped by here after a concert across the street. We were in the mood to drink and eat bar food. Luckily we got there quickly and did not have to wait. Our waitress was quick and accommodating as our party quickly grew to more than expected. We had been here once before a few years back and my husband and I both agreed that the service and the food was better this time. The beer was cold, the food was great. This is a good spot to continue a good time after special events in the area.
4	I really liked this location.  Great view of downtown on the patio, it is located in a great spot, the food is great, the service is really good & most importantly, they have a good selection of beer.  I recommend the Blacksmith (Guiness & Smithwicks).
4	Been to this location a couple of times, and it is always fun! Got here on a Saturday night round 11:30 pm and the place was full, stayed until it closed. THANK YOU for having multiple Sam Adams on tap!!! Arizona is tough to find Sammy A. Place is just always fun, girls are always nice to look at. I believe what makes this a 4 star instead of 3, is that the hot bartenders actually can carry a conversation with you and not just stand there and be hot.
1	The staff relies way too much on ascetics rather than prompt and good service. The food is awful and leaves a bad after taste. If you're a beer drinker and into sports and skirts than this place is for you. The beer should help kill the after taste and help you forget all about the bad service.
1	I have eaten at Tilted Kilt twice. I don't plan on going back.  The girls n beer choices are great but the food is mediocre at BEST. I tried the Spinach & Artichoke Dip and it was unrecognizable. Lots of tiny ground spinach in unidentifiable sauce. No sign of artichokes and some glob of melted cheeses on top. Sent it back. The garlic fries were very mediocre as well, but at least edible. Previously I had a cheeseburger, not very well seasoned and those fries were hot.  So go for beer & boobs...but eat someplace else.
4	This is a great spot in downtown Phoenix. I get their Black and Blue burger almost every  time with their house made chips and it is a pretty tasty meal. They also have a pretty good beer selection, especially now that they have Four Peaks Hop Knot back. The bartenders there are great, especially Carl, Renee, and Kari. I would recommend sitting at the bar over a table. We have yet to have a good experience with a waitress there. They just tend to be slow and forget about you. Also, be prepared for the women's uniforms, they are a little bit revealing. Just something to know if you have kids.
1	Been waiting on are server to come back with our drinks for about 25 minutes. Still nothing and my friend had to get the menus
3	Came here for the homie's birthday and I wanted to see what all the hype is about this place. I see why the fellas like it so much. It's like an Irish hooters. Girls in skirts? What's not to love. Haha.  So since it was a Friday and I couldn't eat meat I ordered the Quinlan's five cheese flat bread. I saw that it had a basil pesto sauce and thought yes please! Lol. I was disappointed. It was sooooo bland. Like really bland. =/ Drinkssss... I ordered the Celtic crush. A different waitress brought my drink. When I tried it, it was extremely sour. Our original waitress came and said she  noticed that my drink didn't look how it should've. So they made me a new one. It tasted like a screwdriver. Lol. The second drink was a purple haze. Wasn't a big fan of that thing either. To sum up I wasn't a fan of the food and the drinks weren't anything special. Not to mention parking is horrible!!! I drove around for 20 minutes looking for parking and ended up paying like $15. You'd think they would have their own parking but they don't. I probably wouldn't come again on a normal day. It's a cool place to hang out with the homies though to watch a game or to stop by after the suns game.
2	Myself and some friends were downtown for a concert and stopped in for a couple beers before the show. There were also some NCAA basketball games on as it is March so it was extremely busy. That being said, the establishment was very ill-prepared and the staff was incredibly overwhelmed. Management is to blame for this one and needs to prepare better for busy nights. The bar was four deep on all four sides and there was not an empty seat in the house. I certainly don't mind waiting my turn for a beer, but I definitely don't want to stand there for 15 minutes without even being acknowledged as four different bartenders walk past me at least three times each without even making eye contact. I get busy and it was, I assure you, but come on Tilted Kilt. You are in the service industry and one of the most basic rules of thumb in that industry is to acknowledge people that may have to wait a moment so that they know you see them there and it helps them relax knowing you will be back. To management: wake up and look at a calendar of events and staff appropriately! Your staff was almost doing the best they could...minus the previous statements, but they were truly over run and over whelmed. Your service suffered because of this and there is hardly a better reason to not return to an eating/drinking establishment than bad service. In conclusion...the lengthy wait for a frosty beverage was more irritating than it should have been because it was for a stupid reason. Irritating enough to make me not want to return.
3	Dined in at Titlted Kilt a few nights ago with a few buddies after work.  Service was decent and it was obvious to see that the girls were hired for their looks over their brains (surprise).  My server was... Lindsey?  She was mediocre.  Food and drinks, however, were great.
1	It's weird that they would not serve my girl friend and I after the Dbacks game at the bar. My friend who I was with is 6'1 and I'm 5'0 and I had to jump over the bar stool to get into my seat because of the crowded bar, and 5 minutes later the manager said they could not serve us because "we were falling over the chairs" clearly we were not. There was no slurring of words nothing, they didn't even start a conversation with us to see how our speech was. But obviously the management haven't taken their liquor cert. title 4 to look for things in an "intoxicated person" thank god we didn't spend our money on this establishment.
5	First time coming to the place and our server Brea couldn't have been nicer. I wasn't familiar with the menu so I asked her for some suggestions. The happy hour here seemed pretty cheap. The food was exceptional. I would definitely come back. We went from the dining room out to the patio considering how nice of a day it was outside. Overall satisfaction with our visit. Great place to eat and pretty cool environment. I would recommend anyone to come and visit this downtown grill and pub.
4	We went to this Tilted Kilt while in town for a convention and at the time had no idea it was a franchise nor the theme of the waitstaff's attire. That being said the food was good and reasonably priced and the "view" was great for our group of 30 something men. I have seen it compared to Hooters but based on our experience I would choose the Kilt every time.
3	Food is good but not very exciting. The total experience is better than Hooter's.
1	Service sucks!  Walked in and was seated immediately.  Sat for 10 min and was never greeted by a waitress.   Walked out and went elsewhere.
1	There are truly only 3 reasons why one goes to "The Kilt". Eye candy, beer selection, and TV's. My brother and I showed up for the late happy hour to watch an NBA playoff game. The hostess had no clue which TV to sit us by, nor did she seem engaged at all in providing any sort of customer service. We finally just chose a table ourselves and asked her to change a channel. This was on a Thursday night, so it was not the busiest of nights. A tall waitress with glasses walked by us about 6 times and said nothing. She looked bored and tired and she must have yawned at least 4 times that I saw. The very pretty manager also walked by us a couple of times and said our server would be right with us. Finally a server came to us after we had been sitting for about 10 minutes, but she wasn't even our actual server. She did take our order, but told us that Janelle would be our official waitress. Janelle was as awesome as she could be and we really appreciated her at least trying to let us have an enjoyable experience, but too little too late. That was truly the only bright spot of the night. We will likely never be back to this establishment. TV's were fine, beer selection was fine, eye candy was pretty lacking and the poor attitude did not help.
1	Very disappointed. We ordered margaritas during the Mayweather fight but they tasted like virgins and the waiter tried to convince us that they were not virgins. Do not order the margaritas they are watered down.
3	The food was decent, typical bar food. The service was also average, nothing spectacular. I was mostly just glad that they were open on Sunday afternoon! It was amazing how many places were closed on Sundays in downtown Phoenix. Glad this place was open, not too busy and had decent food. The sweet and spice chicken tenders were really good! We were a little too early for happy hour, but it looks like the Happy Hour specials are decent!
5	We have enjoyed two night here for cocktails and appetizers ...Carl is a great bartender , he remembered our names and what we drank the second evening...we also think the Kilts are adorable on the girls as well the guys ... We tried to purchase a calendar of the young gentlemen and were informed they don't have one ..well there are two of us at least that would of liked one!
5	First time here. Great service, actually exceptional service. Very attentive from servers to management. I got one of the burgers very tasty. Great happy deals. Great selection of beer and drinks. I would definitely come back when I'm in town. Go Dodgers. Haha
4	GREAT SERVICE/GOOD VIEW (kno Wut I'm sayin ;)) friendly staff, good food, good service, split cheeks (I mean checks), bday desert. I mean, could this guy ask for more?! Heck nah!
3	Nice location love the ladies. But food was just not that good tried their chicken pasta which was runny and just plain. Mushrooms weren't cooked thoroughly and the mashed potatoes were awful. I will come back just to give the chef another try. The only three things I loved was the ladies, TV's, and steak.
3	Visited Tilted Kilt before heading to the James Taylor concert. The place was super busy and it took quite a while for us to get our food even in the bar area. There was ample staff though to the point where the girls were tripping over each other to push food and drinks out so I'm not sure what the problem was. Our appetizer came out with our meals which I hate and thus have to ding them for that. The other ding has to do with the appetizer itself. I get that they want to offer a 'happy hour' for appetizers but to charge me $3 for 1 piece of an appetizer to share between 3 people when I could spend $3 more to get an adequate portion for each of us is a little ridiculous. Drinks were not kept full and overall it was just a meh experience. It's a fun place and I can see why people like it but if you are going for any sort of gastronomic experience--go elsewhere.
3	Your typical place for Irish restaurant grill that serves the usual. More of a sporty place with TVs and girls dressed in short skirts and showing lots of cleavage.The food is ok if not pricey. Even the appetizers are pricey and almost as much as the regular items. You're better off getting the regular items.This is in a good location in downtown right across the street from the arenas and ball fields so it's definitely convenient place to walk to. Definitely not convenient during or after a ball game because it might be packed.
1	I am new to Phoenix and literally live around the corner from this restaurant. I'm thinking "Wow, great to have this place just around the corner." I couldn't have been more wrong. On arrival I sat at the bar which I prefer as service is usually more prompt. It was steady but not what you would call busy. The server Susie started out nice and friendly, promptly serving a diet coke as ordered. The diet coke tasted a bit funny so I double checked with her to make sure it was a diet coke. She offered to get me another from the other side of the restaurant so I said fine. Well, 5-10 minutes later she returned, sans diet coke, and said they were changing out the other line. She walked away and began serving other people and didn't bother to say if or when she would return with another drink. I should have realized at this point that things would only go south but I remained optimistic.  After about 5 minutes I managed to get her attention and politely asked her to just switch it out with iced tea.She dumped the diet coke and 10 minutes later -- nothing. She was on the other side of the bar, flirting with 2 gentleman who she obviously knew or waited on frequently. Finally the other bartender, Megan, came around and asked if she could help. I requested an iced tea which she promptly served me. She looked puzzled as she knew I had been there a while and had been waited on by Susie but she didn't say anything else. Susie finally pulled herself away from her "friends" and passed by me and noticed I had my iced tea. She simply said " Oops, I forgot. I'm glad to see she (Megan) got your iced tea." No apology or "I'm sorry" ever came from her lips. Another 20 minutes passed by and I'm still waiting for the meal I ordered. Susie, in the meantime, is flirting with her customers, presumably showing off her ample cleavage in search of bigger tips. Megan passed by once more and asked how things were. I told her, politely, that the service was horrible and that Susie was not providing any type of decent customer service at all and that I had now been waiting for my food for 30 minutes. I explained that this was my first visit [and most likely my last]. Megan was very apologetic and went to check on my food. Finally, 10 minutes later I received my Shepard's Pie from Susie who pretty much ignored me from that point on. Thank goodness there was a spoon in it as I had not received any silverware. I reached over the counter myself to get the salt and pepper. 10 minutes went by and as Susie passed I asked her if they had any napkins at the bar. I mean really? Long story short, I waited way too long for my food in a not very busy restaurant. The main dish itself was OK but the Parmesan bread was very dry and tough. When you consider the terrible customer service and long wait it surely was not worth my time or money. I am so disappointed as I thought I might have found a good spot to eat after work since it's so close by but unfortunately this was not to be the case. I'm thinking, having sat at the bar, maybe if I had ordered a higher profit item such as beer or liquor I might have gotten better service?? I guess I'll never find out :(
2	When we first arrived we were seat quickly and received our drinks in a reasonable amount of time.  It took a while to get our food but it took forever to get our bill. We sat a waited and waited. Our waitress was at another table which had a large party and pretty much ignored us. After about 20 minutes I asked another waitress for our bill and she asked us what we had and attempted to figure out what everyone had. I gave my money to the first waitress and she went to the register, got my change and put it in the black bill folder and put it under her arm.  She then went to other tables andbegan taking orders and again ignored us. We didn't get our change until I asked the supervisor to get it for me. Very disappointing evening with frustration on our last evening of our visit to Phoenix. Probably never visit another Tilted Kilt due to the way we were ignored.
5	Came for the World Cup insanity, so I don't think I got an accurate representation of what this bar normally is like. The bar girls have outfits that would make Hooters girls blush, and the male waitstaff wear kilts, presumably for easy access with the aforementioned ladies, since creating even a shadow of authenticity to some old-world standard is clearly not the goal here.This definitely was the place to watch the game though, and five stars to Tilted Kilt for playing host to the ridiculous, over-the-top passion that the American Outlaws bring to a soccer party. There was a guy with a drum leading chants, lots of bros decked out in whatever spandex they owned in red, white and blue, and a few founding fathers that presumably belong to those with dual memberships in American Outlaws and the Tea Party. Generally I had a jolly good time, and I couldn't ask for a better place to watch the USMNT kick ass.
4	Was in town on business and acted as an evening bar fly at this location.Sharon was rockin' the bar area and dealing with patrons that were less than preferred. Food was good, love an affordable Happy Hour menu when I'm not looking to gorge on food.Beer selection was decent, only a couple of IPA's but Goose Island and Lagunitas are always reliable.
2	The food was pretty good, beers tasted like beers, well drinks tasted like slightly watery well drinks. Sweet bartender who was very attentive. Crazy expensive for happy hour fare and drinks. Probably won't be back.This is more like a 2.5 star review
3	Great happening atmosphere! Ordered the black and Bleu cooked medium, but it was still dry. I wonder how it would be if I had ordered well done?!The tilted Buffalo flathead was pretty good. I especially liked the celery bits that were in it. All in all, it was an average experience. I have no reason to run back here.
3	Decent and fun party zone before Dbax games, it can be packed on weekends. Babes look great, service is ok, and food is mediocre, but none of that really matters. Come for the babes before the game.
1	Eww, food was horrible.  Only reason I gave it 1 star was because the fries were decent.Eww. Never again
4	Was in Phoenix one night for a DBacks game and stopped here for dinner. Many tvs with many different games on throughout which was much appreciated. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was actually quite delicious. Very juicy and tender and the flavor was great. Service wasn't amazing or anything, but acceptable. I recommend stopping here for a bite if you're headed to a DBacks or Suns game. Great location.
2	The only reason this place even gets two stars is because a really nice waitress took over our service. We were seated waited for 10 minutes before anyone came to even acknowledge us. After that they brought us out waters but didn't bring our actual drink orders for another 20 minutes, or came to take our order. Meanwhile other parties were seated and served right away. Anyway, the service was absolutely awful. Make sure to bring a guy next time you stop by.
4	Food, beer, hotties in skimpy outfits. ...awesome. Irish nachos. ..interesting and tasted good. Drinks were served cold and promptly, which is a good thing. The rest of the food order consisted of calamari which was cooked right, however, a little heavy on the salt. This is for sure a nice pregame location if headed to see a ball game. I shall return. Oh and it's family friendly.
1	We were greeted warmly and sat at a table. Was 6:30 on a Sunday. Downtown was dead not very busy in the restaurant. We read the drink menu we read the menu reread the drink menu reread the menu. No one even came to greet us or take a drink order. We waited ten minutes and left. Ended up at copper blues and had a great meal with great service. We are both in the service industry and are very forgiving and understanding to all the issues involved with the industry. I have never just left a place because of blatant disregard. Too bad. Very disappointing.
1	This place has bad service, lazy waitresses and a negative staff! Do no come here for "happy" hour!
5	cool place food was good. Lost a backpack there was the only bad part of the place. This place is better than hooters.
5	I love this place! Great environment, amazing staff and excellent service! The food came out in a reasonable time which is a HUGE plus for me. Plus the waitress Brea was super friendly and sociable with our table. Definitely will be back again!
2	Our server-Celeste-was not friendly at all.  She never smiled.  She seemed irritated that we were there, and after bringing our food, pretty much ignored us.  I am okay with mediocre food and generic drinks, but at least the service could be good.  Celeste never asked if we wanted anything else or offered to bring more drinks. Twenty minutes after taking our plates away, we had to ask her to bring the check.Oh, I expected to hear some Irish music playing.  Not AC/DC/
3	Went there for lunch with a couple of my co-workers because they haven't been there before.  Of course anything downtown looking for parking is horrible, but as long as your parking on cityscape parking area they can stamp it so no need to pay for parking.  Service was eh, no one was there to greet us right away, I think they just happen to walk away as we entered, to maybe seat someone before us.  Anyways it wasn't packed because we just got there before it did, well it took a few minutes till we got seated.  No server came to us for a good 5-10 minutes, and we were like WTH there's not that  much people in here yet, anyways our server finally came and focus on us for awhile, while we decided what we wanted and she started looking around like she was ignoring us, it seems like she was looking or waiting on someone.  As soon as she got our order she immediately went to a table of older guys who just happen to be seated(I'm assuming there regulars/big tippers) she was flirting with them which i don't care, but at least put our order in 1st and then flirt!! Well since it was our lunch break and time was not on our hands, and the food finally came, but we said if we could have it to go now, because we needed to go back to work, she gave us a dirty look and a big sigh but i'll give her credit she smiled when she did that, but hey if she only put our order first we would have gladly eaten there. Anyways overall my co-workers wasn't impress with the place, I've gone there a few times and yes it has happen to me before, but I went when it was busy and that day it wasn't that busy right away.  Were gonna try twin peaks hopefully there service is better, sorry tilted  kilt :(
3	Stopped in here after a Suns game with some friends. We sat out on the porch since the place was filthy on the inside. The patio is really cool and sits on the 2nd or 3rd floor of a building so you're looking out over downtown. Service was great as per usual. My only complaint is the cleanliness of the establishment. Literally everything was filthy. From my sticky chair to my dirty pint glass. I would love to come back to this place if it were just cleaner.
2	Okay parking is.. oh wait there is none. Unless you wanna park a block away and pay five bucks then walk a block or two. When and if you do find it then you'll be disappointed anyways unless your just off work for happy hour. The food is outrageously overpriced for the quality.  Chicken pastrami? Okay not for 15 bucks. Just because you have new combinations of.dishes doesn't mean it will be a hit or that it should be three times as much. Come.on I've already paid 5 bucks for parking! We split the turkey sloppy joe and it was nothing special. They ain't got nothing on manwhich! I wouldn't recommend to anyone. Beer selection minimal. Try Boulders on Broadway for good beer selection. Average dish is about 13 bucks including apps. I won't be back. But the pastrami shop across the street looks.promising.  happy holidays.
1	This place has gone down hill. Waited 35 minutes for 3 orders tonight. Waitress forgot drinks on 2 trips, we had to ask a passing waitress for a refill. No manager walking around. The scenery is weak too. Would expect a stronger staff for that location. This was the 3rd time in a row I had a bad experience. Stick with Majerles or Cooperstown for great service.
4	I've eaten at this place for football games or just some great wings many a time in the last two years. Been here probably 40+ times with big and small groups and almost always had a great experience. The inside is clean, the patio has a great view, there's tons of TVs with every conceivable game on at every angle you could look at, and they sometimes even throw my Browns up on the big screens, which is nice. I usually order the TK Signature Sauce wings for a great sweet/spicy mix, and they've always got a decent beer selection with great seasonals to wash it down with.Kelly, our server last time, was prompt, hilarious, and kept us supplied with wings and alcohol to our heart's content, and even talked Star Wars with us during half-time. It's great to have servers that add the personal touch like that.Look, it's not the Ritz Carlton. It's a sports bar with a bunch of ladies trying to get through college running around and serving food and beer in not much clothing. I think the place is perfect for what it is: a great unsophisticated way to kill a Sunday.Four stars though because I suppose it's just a tad expensive for bar food. Anyone whining about parking apparently doesn't know that A) there's a giant garage underneath their feet and B) they're happy to validate it.
2	Very disappointed in my experience here. Our food was under microwaved and served cold. The Tilted Kilt ambiance was non existent as none of the servers were in uniform. Our bartender, Carl, was the only saving grace. He was a cool guy and upheld a friendly conversation. I likely will visit a Tilted Kilt again, just not this location.
