4	This is the best place to bowl in Charlotte!  More than a bowling ally, this place actually has a decent bar business, so it is typically crowded.  This is a great place to go with a group for bowling because of the fun atmosphere.  There are quite often groups of drunk high school kids here sneaking to the bathroom to booze, at least there were when i was in high school...
4	I had heard quite a lot of George Pappas' Park Lanes, so I was a bit surprised when I saw it for the first time. It's kind of old, kind of small and kind of dirty. It's a throwback to the old bowling alleys, before they became these multi-entertainment bohemoths, where the bar and game room shares equal billing with the lanes.Here, it is all about the bowling, and that's somewhat refreshing. It seems to be popular, and I've been told by people who know much more about bowling than I do (I bowl about twice a year) that the lanes are fast and tough to control your ball on.Basically, the beer is cold and fairly cheap, the rental shoes aren't too stinky and, even though its smoky, the atmosphere is good.I
4	The phrase "old school" comes to mind when you are talking about Park Lanes.  Nothing fancy, just bowling.  There don't appear to be any black lights, no fancy factor to anything - just a number of lanes where you can get down and get your bowling groove on.  They do close early (11pm), however, so if you want to stay out late, you'll need to bowl early and cross Montford Drive to the Moosehead or other establishment for that.If you're really into bowling, you can even have your dry cleaning done at a place on the side, dropping it off while you're inside rolling a few frames (I'd imagine that it actually takes longer than that to get the work done, depending on how long you're there).You can bowl for $4.75 per game (shoes are $4.25), or on Sunday nights, they have a special for $11.99 for as many games as you can bowl (shoes included).  As long as you're going to bowl at least two games, you'll come out ahead that way.Non-smoking until 6pm Saturday and Sunday, the place does get a little ripe after that - but perhaps not as bad as some other places.  Just consider yourself somewhat warned on that front.Like just about every other bowling alley in the world, they have a snack bar, and food there isn't bad - typical snack bar fare.  However, when the girl tells you that she's been there for four years, don't take that to mean that she knows what comes on the food (or not).  Make sure you order it the way you want it!
4	Park Lanes is a place of simpler times. Actually, I was amazed at how crowded this place was on a Sunday and how good of a bowler I still is, am, are (cheesy smile) . Atmosphere - Old school bowling styling (50's), meets flat panel televisions, meets animated "strike", "gutter", messages, meets eclectic jukebox selections (Led Zeppelin, Beck, Beastie Boys). Service - Friendly (shoe/ lane guy), Unsure (food girl), Friendly (food guy)Food - Chicken sub was not too bad (as it was huge), other than I asked for no cheese and the girl was confused and gave me cheese.  Pepsi was a little pricey Med ($2.30) but refills were .70 regardless of size.  Beer was cheap at $2.50 a bottle.  Get the beer, it improves your game!!Lanes - In good condition.  I took advantage of the sweet Sunday special, $11.99 for as many games as you can bowl (shoes included) in a three hour period (8-11 PM).  It was a great value and worth the price of admission to watch such a great bowler as I...cough, cough...pat, pat.  Overall - This is a fun place that could make for an enjoyable date night.  After all, what is better than some beers, embarrassment (maybe if you fall while bowling...) and conversation all whilst you play a leisurely game of pin kill.
3	I love bowling alleys.  There's something reassuringly familiar about them.  It reminds me a little of my old school gym with a bit of auditorium thrown in, topped with a helping of nostalgia.I selected Pappas as a venue for a small unofficial Yelp outing because:a) They serve beer.b) There are plenty of nearby bars (to escape to if it sucked).c) They had a Sunday "unlimited" bowling special.d) Oh yeah, they have bowling too.The venue has plenty of parking, serves food and an adequate jukebox.  Beers are easy to get.  There was never a wait even when it was busy.As for the food - forgettable would be the right word, if only it didn't come back to haunt me a few hours later.  Oh yeah, I'm pretty sure it was the burger I had. And yes, I drank, but not much.  In fact, I consumed the perfect amount of beer that would normally kill any heebie-jeebies that snuck into my food.  If you can get past the food, Pappas is a fun place to bowl.  Good mixed crowd, young and old, dates and groups; you can lose yourself in the mix or you can make eyes at the single bowlers who flex their muscles, bowl a strike and casually pretend that they aren't looking for someone to notice their handiwork.All in all, not a bad place to bring a group, bowl your heart out (so long as you eat before you go). PS. the lanes and shoes here are very slippery.  Lookout, I allegedly fell mid bowling.   :)
4	4 stars because of weekend pricing-- $5.25 a game? Plus $4.50 for shoes? Where the hell are we, NYC?That said, Park Lanes is awesome. Old, well kept lanes, and awesome snack bar food. Balls are beat up, you'd do better bringing your own (but what bowling alley can't that be said for), the lanes are kept well-waxed and the machinery is reliable. Slowest ball return ever, but at those prices-per-game... you'd do well to take your time.Also: best ranch dressing I've found, period. Get a large fry and chow down, and revel in guilty pleasure.EDIT: Checked out AMF in Matthews today: prices at both peak and non-peak times are MORE than Pappas'! The days of the $3 game are sadly gone... but if I have to spend srs bucks to bowl, I'd rather give my money to George. I dig his style.
4	Drum roll, please! To celebrate a monumental moment for the 100th review, Bill F., Dave S., Julia S. and friends, decided to get together for a night of bowling. Retro night is Monday after 9 and I spent just under $10 for 2 hours of fun.They allow smoking and bringing in your own goodies! We brought cookies and it looked like a little girl and her family were celebrating their special occasion with cupcakes. (Although, now thinking about it I think they had a sign posted for no outside food or drink...oops.) They even sell socks in a vending machine if you forget your own!They have fun graphics when you do good or when you play in the gutter. Encouragement is always helpful when you rarely bowl over 100. The staff is easy going and friendly and I'm sure we gave them a few laughs. Great place, great location! Go when they run a special! However, I don't think I would go if I had to pay the regular $5.50 a game and $4.25 for shoes.
4	This is a HUGE bowling ally!  I was worried that we wouldn't get a lane on a Friday night w/o a reservation but even though the place was busy there were still 6-8 free lanes and it wasn't a problem.  The guys working the counter were efficient and nice.  Price is reasonable too.  If you go after 6pm, they charge $5.50 a game/per person and $4.25 for the shoes (before 6, the games are a little cheaper at $4.75).  They also have coupons online, so if you get there before 9pm, they'll hook you up with a free game.  I ended up paying under $10 for shoes AND 2 games!  Other things to know about Pappas:- Parking is plentiful (there's a large lot adjacent to the building)- There is a "restaurant" but it's more like a snack shack and mainly offers fast food type of food- They play fun 80's and 90's music so when you're not playing you can dance and make a fool of yourself- If you normally play with 8 pound bowling balls, they are difficult to find, so be prepared.  I had to use 10 for most of the game and I had a hard time.  Halfway through the game, my friend felt sorry for me and scoured the place lane by lane, and eventually spotted an 8 pounder and brought it over- Monday nights are retro nights where you get a STEAL!  It's $7 to get in, about $0.70 a game, and shoe rentals are free.  They also have food specialsLastly, if you suck at bowling like I do, fear not, this is a relaxed bowling space where most people are just bowling for fun and not in leagues.   Although they do conveniently post online of when their leagues play so you can plan ahead and go when it's just regular people if you want to avoid the humiliation.  My high score was 50 last night (seriously!) and I somehow was able to walk out with my head still up and not in utter shame (although if there was a league nearby I don't want to think of what I'd do or how I'd cover that up!).All in all, this is a really cool, laid back, and fun place to hang out and let loose.  I'd like to go back here and try again for atleast a 51 for a chance at redemption.  Wish me luck!
5	This is where I get my "bowl" on. The lanes are always well lubricated and ready for deep penetration. Bring your A game though, because you are liable to see some of Charlotte's best here.  I just completed my first league here and it was pretty awesome.  Yes that's right, i'm becoming a bowler, albeit a crappy one. The restaurant inside is good too. I recommend "The Pigg's Famous Bologna Sandwich" as it is delicious and good for your heart. The only downside is, if you are not in a league it's gonna be kind of expensive. So join a league and save yourself some bucks. You might even meet some cool people along the way. You also might meet some "holier than though" bowling types.  Should that happen just go to the bathroom, look into the mirror, and give yourself a daily affirmation.
5	Pappas Park Lanes is one of those places we all grew up with and now is an icon - never to be repeated again.  It's not just an old bowling alley, it's an institution.  We all grew up with places like this as a kid and when we return as adults, it feel comfortable...like returning home briefly until your parents start meddling in your life and tell you to get a real job or join the merchant marines.  Compared to many other places in town, the prices really aren't that bad.  There's ample parking, room for groups, and the inside is 40+ years old.  Strike City is definitely more modern but you must pass a credit check in order to play a frame or two.  No thanks!A surprise at Pappas Park Lanes is that the food is pretty good...no, it's really good.  People from work would tell me that some would go there just for the food - which I didn't believe until this week when I enjoyed the barbecue pork sandwich.  I couldn't find any sauce so with just coleslaw, I tackled the large sandwich.  It isn't The Rock Store but I would rank it among the better in that part of town.  The burgers are made fresh too...like with hand-formed ground beef instead of a frozen puck that so many restaurants serve.  We recently spent an afternoon bowling and really enjoyed the staff, food, and the fun.
4	One of Charlotte's only family owned and operated bowling center,  Park Lanes has been around for about 25 years.  And it's for all ages.  A group from our office went to kick off the holiday season there.  It's inexpensive hours of entertainment.  For $10.50 we bowled two games with lunch was included.  And the food was actually pretty good.  I had the bbq sandwhich topped with slaw.  Others had the burger and said it was great.  Next time I'll give it a try.  Check this local Charlotte establishment out for a different type of adventure.  And if you're a more serious bowler, they have leagues!
5	This is the first bowling alley i went to when I moved to Charlotte.  I loved this place old school atmosphere, cheap drinks. unlimited bowling sundays, and the leagues are varied.  They have serious leagues ( decent cash payout) and fun leagues sponsored by bars.  Always a good mix of people and can be fun either for open bowling or league.    Also, its on Montford and there are a ton of places on that street to go to afterwards.   New owners have taken this place over and are totally renovating it.  It kinda sucks because its good to find a place that feels like this.  They will probably turn it into a gigantic version of strike city and then it will be meh and overpriced.  We will see.
4	Although they were under construction during my visit I love the old school feel of the place.  I'm just amazed people can afford bowling...every time and every where I have ever went has equated to $100 outing.  Hmmm....maybe I need to get my own shoes or something.  Ok, so there were a decent beer special that saved my $3.00 on 5 beers so that makes me a happy camper too.  Jukebox was pretty cheap too and you just can't bowl without music can you?  I'll be excited to see what the new construction is, probably a much needed upgrade to the place seeing as how old it is already.
4	It's your typical bowling alley. We went during a busy Saturday afternoon, so it was quite crowded. The noise level and number of children was high, but both were at expected/acceptable levels. There are some renovations going on so some of the lane chairs are missing and the restaurant is out of commission. I would return.
5	I've been coming here for as long as I can remember. My parents have always been on a bowling league and I used to tag along and do my homework. Now, we come down on a Saturday night to drink and hang out, but it still feels like the same ol place. The lanes are excellent, very well-maintained, and the atmosphere is casual and almost dive bar-ish. The crowd is extremely diverse and the leagues cater to everyone. Noticed on my last trip that there is some serious renovating going on. Like Michael D. I'm hoping and praying that it isn't about to become the South Park Strike City. I'm on board with updating, but please don't lose that home-grown feel that we all love so much. I WILL be re-posting once this reno is done, and I sincerely hope it doesn't disappoint.
5	We had an adult birthday party here, and had a fantastic time! After dealing with a much more pretentious and overpriced bowling venue in the city, which I won't name, this was a welcome change. Park Lanes is one of those family-owned bowling alleys with a lot of character--its a great place for cheap beer, reasonably-priced bowling, and fun times with friends. The place is still under going renovation but it looks great and is situated well, as you can hop on over to any of the Montford bars after a night of bowling. Management is incredibly nice and accomodating as well. I didn't try the food, so no comment on that. If you're looking for a fun, laid-back Saturday night with a little bowling thrown in and some music as well, I highly recommend this place. It is festive without being pretentious and overpriced and is just plain ol' fun!
3	Do you come to a bowling alley for good service? There is probably a law somewhere not to judge a place by their service during the re-grand opening celebration. Conversely, you should be able to accommodate the demand...it was very difficult to get a server to try the much touted new menu. There were not many options for my vegetarian friend he split some great fried pickles and jalapenos with me and had a grilled cheese and tomato. I had one of those awesome mason jars with prime rib (sorta fatty), solid mac and cheese and more jalapenos. I enjoyed sitting outside and then working off our dinner with our one free game of bowling- since it was a special our second game and shoe rental were only $7.25.
4	Just here to throw some balls at pins with friends, we arrived just as the Saturday night leagues were wrapping up (10:00 PM???) so we waited in one of the two (three?) bars for 20 minutes until a lane opened up.Bowling is bowling. The machines never malfunctioned, the scoring was accurate (I didn't win, dang it!), and the ball returns were quick. The music was a bit on the loud side and I was disappointed that there was neither DJ nor jukebox.Waitress service at the lanes and she was more than happy to keep our "aiming fluid" in buckets flowing. Coors Light, if you must know.I was really surprised to see how many young and stylish folks were bowling at 11:00 on a Saturday night. I was expecting something else. Cool!
5	Ten Park Lanes may look retro from the outside, but pull in a little closer and you'll be glad to find a triple threat bowling alley, restaurant and bar. My wife and I decided to mosey in on a quiet Saturday afternoon for a quick bite to eat. There is tons of outdoor seating and four sets of cornhole boards. If it weren't so sweltering hot, the hightops would have been a bit more inviting. We look forward to heading back for some cornhole and beers on the porch when the weather is more permitting and further from "surface of the sun" or "constant eyebrow sweat" temperatures. Great covered areas for dining, however. Inside, the bowling alley is ever-so clean. Not what you typically expect for your local joint for knocking down pins. This place screams with new furniture, carpet, floors, bowling lanes and tons of pop art. Fits right in to the Charlotte scene, if you ask me! All things considered, you don't really feel like you're in a bowling alley. The upfitting and renovation really shows. Their grand re-opening was back in April and they've really put some work into making this a sought-after location for fun....and food. On to our meal.We had heard that Ten Park packed a culinary punch with their barbeque and curiosities needed to be satiated. Seating at the small dining area is great. A few 4-tops and three nicely sized booths. Adjacent to the bar and the patio. Yukon Gold Potato Chips. These are made in house every day, according to our server and it shows. Very crispy, seasoned well and are served with a ranch/ketchup dipping sauce. The menu also has a an option to make these into a "nachos-esque" menu item. We opted for au naturale! (Also, just plain chips is $3 vs $8. Definitely more up our alley) The chips lasted throughout the entire meal. A very generous portion and perfect for sampling all of their bbq sauces. Speaking of BBQ sauces, they've got some crazy concoctions happening here! Jalepeno Coffee BBQ, Piedmont Blond, Chipotle Apricot and Honeycomb...Now, that's quite "out there" for some of you, sure. They are all rather subtle in their respective names/flavors, but some are rather peppery. Not worth a try as a standalone. I'd wait to try it on the pork/chicken if I were you. You'll enjoy them more and boy, oh boy, are they good. Each is worth it's weight. My favorite is the Piedmont Blond. Vinegar-based and perfect on the chicken and beans. My wife got a veggie sandwich. Grilled bread, pesto spread, arugula and tender tomatoes. All of the flavors worked very well together. I got a BBQ stack in a mason jar. I made my own with chicken, beans, fries and smoked jalepenos. I died and went to a barbequed heaven, soaked in Piedmont Blond BBQ sauce. It was perfect. Tender, smoked, rotisserie chicken, smoky beans, fries (come on) and KILLER smoked jalepenos. I had to opt out of the mason jar since it was packed to the gills. I used some of the chips to scoop the remaining bites. My tummy was happy. I can't wait to conjure up another mason jar concoction next time! Incredible presentation and so fun. The prices are so fair here. We ate for under $25 without drinks. Next time, I'm headed down to the extra bar where they sell local Moonshine. Sounds interesting! Can't wait come back for more BBQ and try my hand at bowling! Cheers!
5	Blueberry lemonade moonshine! Slurpe, slurpe, slurpe....refreshing!This is my new go to stop for refreshing drinks and watching sports on their multiple screens. They have two distinct patios with separate bars. Seating is plentiful! The bowling lanes are fantastic! It's so much fun seeing all the lanes filled with people of every age group enjoying a favorite past time. They cater to every group for every reason to celebrate. Monday nights are retro with bargain prices.The food is of really good quality and proportion. It's easy to get a salad and flat bread pizza to share and be completely content...or try one of their meaty dishes and squeeze their assortment of sauces on top! They allow well-behaved pups on the patio. And they play great music...sometimes it's a live DJ and sometimes it's just overhead.
4	This bowling alley definitely had a huge revamp from the last time I was there. I attended a work team building activity there last Thursday and overall they did a nice job accommodating everyone. Atmosphere- Still has the faint old smelly bowling ally scent but it definitely looks re-polished and has some cool bar areas.Staff- The gentleman manager (I am assuming) on duty was great however the ladies at the bar seemed a little preoccupied with rolling silverware at times. If there is a line at the bar stop rolling your silverware and help your customers out. I will say once the manager took over we had lots of food and filled beers at all times. Food- Above average - I'd recommend the nachos which were delicious (their chips are very unique). They also have a great spinach dip. I would say avoid fried items like fried pickles which were WAY over salted. It's better than bowling ally food but at heart it's still bowling ally food... Lanes- Clean and nice, everything worked well and when we went over our 2 hrs a bit no one turned off our lanes automatically ( I can't say that about Strike City).Overall I will return because it's certainly nicer than your average bowling spot...however it's not SO nice and ritzy that bowling is super pricy and you can't relax and enjoy yourself.
3	This review is on the food, drinks and service only. They get points right off the bat for being better than any other bowling alley I have gone to but that is not a very high bar to clear. The menu was nice, very "smokehouse" oriented. A decent beer list and an energetic drink menu. - Got the nacho app and it was pretty good. Pulled pork never scores well on nachos or fries though. The smokey, juicy goodness is lost in all the action of a bowl of nachos. I have tried several different recipes and you need some zesty ingredients to make it "pop." Grade = B--  We got some ribs. I am a rib snob so I always brace for the worst. Good flavor, a bit of smoke, meat was tender but not too overcooked(slightly) there was a good bit of meat present, that  is key and they were not over sauced. Overall they get... Grade = A-- Burger was average. Overdone which unfortunately is usually the case in Charlotte. I have had the LaFrieda short rib beef blend they make their burgers with at other restaurants and it has tasted  better, it was just too dry. Same goes for the bun. Grade = C- Had 2 of the moonshine cocktails, one was fantastic, the other was wayyy too sweet. The beers were cold and had good selection.Grade = B+- Service was pretty good however we were overcharged on two separate items and only one was partially fixed upon bringing it to the waitress' attention. Grade = DOverall, 3 and 1/2 stars. I hope to upgrade on my return visit.
5	Five stars because this is a great bowling alley. Period. It seems like bowling alley's have resorted to the tired neon gimmick, they are all the same and none of them stand out. I used to work next door to Park Lanes, when it was still George Pappas and it was quite shady. The face lift they have put on it is amazing. It was my idea in the office to do bowling after work, everyone was shocked at how great the place looked in comparison to its old self. We took a seat in the restaurant area. Ordered the spinach and naan for an appetizer. It was good the naan however was so baked that they might as well be pita chips. For my meal I had to get the BBQ in a mason jar, with moonshine. I had never tried moonshine before so it was a given as a foodie, must try! I wasn't going to get some lame mixed drink either, though I finished one of my parties mixed drink when she left. I had to try it unadulterated so I could get the full kick. It was a lot smoother than I expected and the waitress told me it was only 80 proof, which I think is weak for moonshine. I thought the average was 160 proof, then again Wikipedia is not the best source for information. My BBQ was good albeit having a lot of beans. I doused it in the coffee jalapeno sauce, delicious. As for bowling, the lanes are nicely kept. We came on league night and everyone around us seemed like a pro and were so serious. I swear the lady next to us was annoyed that we were actually having fun. Also in previous reviews I mentioned I give extra props to establishments that play great music. What was strange here is that the music started off great, then went straight top 40 around 10PM. As for a music snob it was breakneck change in tune going from Jack White, Black Keys and M83 to LMAFO.
5	Came across this place while at Duckworths Taphouse. Being the competitive people that we are we had to go. Park lanes is the best! Cornhole outside! 2 fully stocked bars! And the prices for the games were reasonable. The music was chill. Get ready for a fun time!
5	Well it's about time!!  Thank you, Park Lanes for giving Charlotte a new, fun, hip place to hang out. Ten is a much needed addition to the Charlotte area. The new decor is so nice, a great mix of modern and throwback to the 'glory days'  of the bowling alley. They have added some great outdoor spaces, and have plenty of bar areas to keep the party going. Heads up, they serve Moonshine!  The best part of this place, though, is the food.  I fell in love. Dinner from a mason jar?  Yes, please and thank you!  You can combine down home favorites layered up in a mason jar. We tried brisket, mac n'cheese, and baked beans.  Dozens of other combos are to be had as well.  Their other entrees are great, too.  We also had a burger with house made chips and it was simple yet one of the best I've had in a while.  Our waitress was great as she waited on us while we bowled and just hung out. We were there with friends on a Friday night and while the place was hopping we never felt crowded or forgotten.  Congrats to a place that's doing it right!  Maybe it'll somehow improve my game.. Eventually!
4	We went with kids and adults on a Saturday afternoon to celebrate one of the dad's birthdays.  Everyone had a blast.  The bowling was a lot of fun and the food and drinks were good.  Plenty of space for all 26 of us to hang out.  The party started at 4:30pm and ended about 9pm.  After bowling, we went and sat in the "dine-in" area and there were long high top tables to have cake and order more of the appetizers.  The bacon appetizer is by far the best slab of bacon that I have had in a long time.  The service was great  - one dedicated server to our group.  Always ready to get the order and bring it back on time.  The outside area is fun as well.  Outside tables and corn hole!  Everyone had a great time and a good addition to the fun atmosphere on Montford.
4	I was recently invited to check out the newly renovated Ten Park Lanes, which was formerly George Pappas Park Lanes - probably the first place I bowled growing up! The space is much improved - definitely not your average bowling alley and it includes fun for all generations. There are 2 large bars, including a special moonshine bar, comfortable lanes, a separate dining area, several decks and patios and room for outdoor games.The food is also a major focus, which is rare for a bowling establishment. We enjoyed everything we tried, with the St. Louis cut ribs and the mac & cheese especially standing out as excellent. The barbecue is great in general and there are four different sauces offered including my favorite: coffee jalepeno BBQ sauce. In addition to the ribs there is also pulled pork, chicken, sausage and prime rib BBQ, available on platters or in mason jars stacked with various side options - a unique concept. The mason jar also figures prominently into the dessert we tried: the jar is dipped in chocolate, then nuts and frozen - when ready to serve it is filled with brownies, ice cream and whipped cream. This is currently my favorite version of an ice cream sundae!In addition to the BBQ there are several good salad options, flatbread pizzas (also delicious!), burgers, other sandwiches and a multitude of appetizers including sliders. Definitely something for everyone. Food can be served right at your lane or you can take a break and eat in the dining area.Drinks are also a major focus. Wine and a long list of draft beers are available but the real specialty of the house are moonshine drinks including martinis and cocktails. Calvin enjoyed the very berry-basil lemonade with strawberry infused moonshine as well as the less sweet Troy & tonic.We also bowled three games, which was a lot of fun - the graphics on the display screens here are new and more innovative than others I've seen. There is also comfortable seating in the bowling area with booths instead of the hard, uncomfortable seats you usually find at bowling alleys. Bowling specials include a lunch and bowl, retro night, a Sunday night special and a kids bowl free night.I look forward to visiting Ten Park Lanes again very soon!
4	We went to Park Lanes to watch the Panthers-Giants game (shame) and enjoyed outdoor seating, tons of TVs, and surprisingly good food. The pitchers are (or rather, were) reasonably priced -- they have upped the prices but haven't changed the menu yet, so go get 'em while they're cheap. Good selection and organized by type, which is nice for beer newbs. As for the food, I chose the standard burger. It was good. Not outstanding (like The Liberty), but definitely solid and only $8. The serving of fries that came with it was massive - I had a good many and gave the rest to my friend who had them for her entire meal. Yes.  My man got the "Make-Your-Own Mason Jar" with pulled pork, mac n' cheese, and fries. Not necessarily a healthy option, but it was very tasty. We will be back!
4	Interesting place. As a kid I ate at the abandoned building next to it. It used to be a nice Chinese restaurant, but it has now closed for some time now. I came here for dinner and was it surprisingly good! I never knew that a bowling alley could deliver!I myself got one of their burgers, the fifty-50 burger, which I thought was pretty good considering it was a bowling alley. I felt as if it was actually better than some burger joints.After dinner we went bowling for a couple of rounds. It was fun, but one down thing about this place for bowling is that they are slammed packed! If you can avoid league nights, or be prepared to be waiting.
5	I heart Ten Park Lanes! We've become regulars there and absolutely love the atmosphere. It's clean, the service is friendly, the food is really good... so good that I have suggested just going there to eat and watch other people bowl, the entire place is spic and span, they have live music and corn hole, and the bowling -of course- is top notch. It's a great place to bring out of town guests and family. It's nestled amongst other bars on Montford & I highly recommend it as a way to get a night on the town started. Ten Park Lanes is a bit pricey, but you're paying for a CLEAN bowling alley with GOOD food and CRAFT brews, so it's totally worth it. Well done, Ten Park Lanes, well done indeed!
4	My co-workers and I visit Park Lanes quite often for lunch and usually enjoy it!  They have a very interesting menu like gourmet salads, big burgers, BBQ, flatbreads and all kinds of different sandwiches to choose from.  Not your typical, average bowling alley fare at all.On this visit I had the Soup, Salad and Fritter option on their menu.  You get a choice of soup, today it happened to be a Tomato and Blue Cheese soup, a small House Salad (which is still pretty decent in size) and 3 Jalapeno Fritters.  The presentation alone was awesome as you can see from my picture!  I would have to say, the salad was the best part of the whole meal.  Just a simple house salad with carrots, tomatoes, onions and I chose the Herb-Shallot Vinaigrette.  The soup was ok; I just don't think Tomato and Blue Cheese go very well together in soup form....but that's my opinion.  The consistency of the soup was right on for a tomato soup and I loved the grilled cheese crouton!  Nice touch!  Unfortunately, the fritters did not impress me much.  They were very crumbly, and didn't have much flavor.  You only got flavor of the jalapeno in you bit into a chunk, and there wasn't very many of them.  I think a fritter is well executed if it has a salty/sweet tone and more of a chewy texture.  I loved the idea of them but these were very forgettable.  My co-worker had the Grandma's Salad and loved it!  I've also had it before and it is delicious!  The smoked Gouda and smoked turkey breast really make that salad!  My other co-worker had some sort of Chicken Sandwich with melted cheese on it and he also liked it.  I'm sorry I didn't get them name of the sandwich.All in all, the new 10 Park Lanes is a great place to go for some good bowling and awesome food!  I believe it to be much better than those trendy bowling places that you see in big cities and Uptown and much easier to get to!
4	Had to hit the restaurant after the Crown Town Hicknick Picnic event and boy I wasn't disappointed. After tastings of the bbq outside at the event, I opted for an all beef hotdog and fries.  My friend tried the brisket plate with green beans, hush puppies and delicously cheesy looking mac and cheese.My hot dog was huge and with an egg bun that could hardly contain it and the fries were perfectly seasoned.  We enjoyed our lunch while watching people bowl and dance to the music. Plenty of kids celebrating birthdays on this particular Saturday, too.  My only complaint:  the music was a too loud.  I hate to shout at my lunch partner. I give the new Ten Park Lanes props for upgrading their place with the large deck, expanding and remodeling the food and drink area while maintaining the retro atmosphere and respecting TPLs history.   Keep up the good work!
2	This place has (had) some very attentive owners.  It is a refurbished bar/restaurant/bowling ally/sports bar.   The menu has recently been changed FOR THE WORSE.  I don't know what happened, but some of the best food for a place like this has now been altered and has dropped in its appeal.  For example.... the Grandma's salad used to be my FAVORITE salad in Charlotte. Now since the menu change and 'tweaking' of some of the dishes (grandma salad for example), Now I'll have to be talked into going.  Really.... just had the new version of the salad and it sucks by comparison!!!.  Really, I'm sorry to report like this, but I've got to be honest.  If they change the menu items back I'll reconsider, but for now I'll hit one of the many other choices on Montford.  Change for the better is good.... change for change sake is unwise.
4	I have had the pleasure of bowling at this place pre and post renovation. This place merges old school bowling alley with first world luxuries! It still has all the things you look for in a cool bowling alley (same retro shoes, variety of bowls, cool lanes) with food better than most bowling alleys including some healthy items (salads) to normal bar/bowling food (wings) to signature BBQ and moonshine beverages. It's a must try and a great place to bring friends for a non-typical fun night out.
4	I never came here before the remodel/ reopening, so I have no idea what it was like before.  It's great now.  I have come to Park Lanes several times with friends or on dates.  The staff is friendly, the establishment is clean, they have a nice sized bar with good beer/ drink selections.  I have had such a great time here and it is never overly crowded (at least not when I have come).  Moderately priced but tons of fun!  I will come back, great rainy day activity
4	I find myself still referring to this place as "George Papa's..." but hopefully I will one day call it by it's new name.  Super impressed with the renovations that have gone through to get this alley up to date!  Still does not change the fact that I cannot for the life of me operate a bowling lane keyboard to program the names in, but I digress.Also impressed with the level of food this place has - not your typical "bowling alley" type hot dogs and pizza, but to be able to offer bbq WITH jalapeno coffee sauce!  This place was blowing my mind with flavor and fun!All the renovations have really brought this location up to par with what I call "the Montford drive revolution."  I'm going to date myself here, but I still remember when this drive was pretty quiet.  Regardless, Ten Park lanes definitely is a great option for the weekend or weekday!  Now I just need to work on my bowling finish (usually lose my balance and end up almost faceplanting every time).
4	This is not your typical bowling alley. Multiple bars and music. I couldn't believe how many people were actually bowling. And these are 20-somethings not high schoolers. When it's nice out, there's corn-hole bag games outside and I liked sitting out in their "patio area" the service was faster there and less crowded. I'd for sure go back!
5	In Charlotte on Thanksgiving, there wasn't much open.  I didn't want to have to go to Leather n Lace again, and I knew bowling alleys are usually open.  So thankfully my trusty Yelp app led me to TEN.  And I am glad it did!When we first got there, we were the only people there, I thought it was closed.  Thankfully throughout the evening, it got more crowded.  When I first walked in, I was highly impressed with the decor- very modern with the great use of wood(s).  There were even 2 full bars as well.  This seems to be on the more CLOSER to upscale (but not pretentious, if that makes sense), but at the same time, friendly enough for families.  I think there were around 32 lanes, and with the way parking is set up, we parked near the end- but there was an entrance there as well.  Over on that side, they have an outdoor patio with bar as well- a first I have personally seen at a bowling alley.I think everything was prepaid- and for 3 people @ 3 games a piece and rentals were under $50- not bad for a holiday and the atmosphere.  Hell, I even remember the friendly drink runner who kept my apple pie moonshine flowing (since I couldn't get any at that DAMN ABC store...).The lanes were in great shape, as were the balls- but the only thing I didn't like- was the fact they had no 16lb balls (standard weight)- only up to 15.  But they still worked well.  There were nice TVs in between each set of lanes as well, so we were able to watch Dallas play whoever.  I won't go into more detail, but I will tell you this- this was one of the best times I have had- and it was at a bowling alley.  This place is a not to be missed!
4	I like what they did with the place.  I think the moonshine cocktails are pretty silly since if you buy it in a store, it's not really moonshine...But the bowling it good!
5	Great place to bowl. Clean, good food (thanks to the Yelp's Hicknick Picnic Event), has a bar, bowling shoes are kept in good enough condition, and everything that makes this place all the more worthwhile. Location/Place - I would rank this as one of my favorite bowling place to go to. It looks eh, on the outside. Once you are inside, it is actually nice.  The bar and seating area is updated and somewhat trendy to have a group outing.Price - Decently priced.Food - pulled pork, delicious!Bowling experience - fun with groups! I always find it bowling with group of friends = enjoyable!
4	I love Ten Park Lanes for bowling! The atmosphere isn't stuffy but it's also not a sketchy dump like most other bowling places can be. The food is not your typical bowling alley food either. They offer made to order BBQ and other great menu items as opposed to just a warm hot dog and chili cheese nachos. There are two bars, although, I've found that only one tends to be open at any given time. There are TV's around the bar areas so you can still watch part of your game in between bowling turns. If you're not looking for a more traditional bowling alley without disco light and a DJ, I would highly suggest heading to Montford for Ten Park Lanes!
4	Ten park lanes had really stepped up it's game since changing from George Pappas. Their decor is now modern, their food is great, and they also have a really good bar menu. I was able to try to Whipped Apple Pie Martini during YELP drinks week, and it was very good. It had a hint of cinnamon at the end, and dangerously you could not taste the alcohol. My favorite thing that we had to eat was called the Crazy Rooster. It's smoked chicken, green apples, craisins, gouda cheese, and a roasted garlic mayo. It was toasted and delicious! Definitely not your typical bowling alley food!Our waitress was Shawn and I thought she did a fantastic job. She was bouncing around, and looked to be one of the few waitresses. She always had a smile on her face, and always made sure that we had a drink and something to eat, which I very much appreciated. Anyone who loves bowling and hasn't been here should go and try! Go for dinner and a drink, and on Mondays they have retro night which is from 9-Midnight you pay $7 and then all of your games are just $.79!
4	The owner of this company is excellent and is customer-oriented.  He ensured that our experience at TEN Park Lanes was positive and was very quick/friendly in all correspondance.  I really appreciate the attention to detail.  The bowling and the bar is a lot of fun and I recommend it.
5	I've been to this place quite a few times and I've absolutely loved it every one of them... The prices are a little more than AMF, but not quite Strike City... The moonshine is some of the best I've had and the food is incredible...My favorites:  Whipped Apple Pie Martini, Pulled Pork Sliders, Onion Rings, Chicken Basil SlidersIf you're looking for Uptown level glitz and glamour without the high prices, this is your place...
3	I'm old enough to remember when George Pappas was on the PBA tour and he was a Charlotte celebrity. (we didn't have many back then)  Imagine my surprise when my wife called the lanes to inquire about open bowling times and prices and spoke directly to Pappas' stepson. It had been years since we had bowled and we wanted to do something different with our daughter and her boyfriend in from NYC.I understand they have recently renovated and it shows.  The place was very clean, modern and sleek, with fancy computerized scoring screens, new looking lanes and nice color coded new balls. Prices seem to be in line with other lanes in the city.I give them 4 stars for the bowling part but only 2 for the food with an average of 3.The food came highly touted but we were underwhelmed.  The "famous" onion rings were too thick, greasy, and not properly cooked.  When you bite into it and the entire onion pulls out of the coating that means it is not cooked enough and the onion is still raw.  Fries were hot but light blonde, limp and not crisp with WAY too much Lawry's seasoned salt poured on. The lane-side waitress was a nice touch, but they've got to execute the food better.  Drinks were better than the food.   One warning, if you don't like being around dozens of 3 to 10 year old kids, don't go on Saturday afternoon.The wife and I are going back for sure and she is even pricing bowling shoes.
5	Oh this bowling alley is as good as it gets!It costs a tad bit higher than your average bowling alleys, but you get what you pay for. I had the privilege of trying this place during a Yelp event, where we got to taste some of their moonshine. They had about 4 different moonshines, paired with appropriate foods. I was a wimp when it came to trying moonshine. I took a sip from the shot glass and after that passed on all the others. I did get the raspberry lemonade cocktail which was yummy. Also drinking out of a mason jar? Who can beat that!That being said, I was thoroughly impressed at how GREAT their food is. The pulled pork slider was delicious, but the Crazy Rooster was the highlight of the evening! This place has better food than most of the sandwich restaurants, not to mention bowling alleys.The service was great too. Our server always had a smile on her face, made sure we always had drinks and food and was very attentive and friendly.My boyfriend, who used to play in a bowling league was very impressed with the quality of the lanes. He said that the ball rolled / spinned perfectly and from the sound it made when it hit the floor, you can tell that the wood used for the lanes is excellent quality.I would never think twice before recommending this place to anyone.
5	After the recent renovation, this place is just GREAT!  My boyfriend and I have been a few times for birthdays and just a night out with friends.  Be sure to check out their new food menu as well - the flatbreads are awesome!!!
5	Bowling, beer and barbecue... What more could you want in life. TEN Park Lanes delivers on all counts. Bowled the night away at Monday Retro Night. $7 cover charge per person and $0.79 games from 9:00pm-12:00am. The lanes are nice and well kept. I love how the bowling balls are actually organized by weight. It makes it really easy to find the right one. We grabbed our balls (LOL), a beer from the bar and headed to the lane.The bowling and beer were great, but the star of the evening was the food! We ordered the mason jar of 'que. Burnt ends, mac & cheese and smoked jalapenos served in a mason jar. The burnt ends were awesome. Perfectly tender meat with a smoky flavor. The mac & cheese was nice and creamy and the smoked jalapenos added a nice kick. They brought out a variety of sauces to douse the 'que with. My favorite was the jalapeno coffee. I would shamelessly just drink that sauce! Seriously, who thinks of that combo! Whoever created it is a stud! Amazing stuff!
2	Not my favorite.  A friend had seen the food-tv visit and thought it looked interesting.  Although there were some good ideas, the overall impression from three people's food was - salty.  I got a salad with the weird jam-dressing.  Meh.  We got a couple of the mason jars full of stuff, and they were difficult to eat both logistically (hello - iced tea spoon?-deep jars and short spoons make a mess) and in terms of flavor (salt).  The closest to good was the chocolate and icecream mason jar, but it suffered from many logistical problems (hello - cover the outside with chocolate?-what-short spoon with everything covered in chocolate and supposedly layers of stuff in the jar?-what) despite being quite tasty.  The fried mac and cheese appetizer was good, but not better than you get anywhere else.  Don't know that I'll need to go back any time soon.
3	I wanted to bad to give them 4 or 5 stars... I did. So, the positives first. The food was great. I had a mason jar with BBQ, mac and cheese, and green beans. It was unique, fun, and the ideal amount of food. The service was fantastic - Beers were delivered quick and the staff had a personality. Where things fell apart for me was bowling. The system is cool, they text you when your table is ready, but after being told it would be a 45 minute wait after not being able to make reservations, 45 minutes turned into well over an hour and a half. I hope to return someday and be proven wrong but for now, it's average for me.
5	Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! If I had one word that sums up Park Lanes this would be the word! What bowling alley has outdoor patio seating ,32 beers on tap and vegetarian nibbles other than a soft pretzel as an option? If you are meat shy please try the veggie jar. Yes really...  This establishment used to be a slice from the 70's okay maybe 80's in major need of an overhaul and the renovation really does the place justice. Very smart thinking on the owner''s part. Now onto the important aspects of park lanes: The bowling balls coming from a lightweight as myself I was pleased to locate not a 6 or 8 pound ball but yes a 7 pounder right up my alley no pun intended( aka 6 to light 8 too heavy). If you are on the opposite end of the spectrum and do not own your own shiny orb fear not there are plenty of 12 and 14 pound balls to choose from. Hooray! I really suck at bowling so an opportunity to make it less painful is appreciated (aka. food, brink and ball selection). For serious bowling types don't despair Park Lanes accommodates those that have more at stake than just ball size and a beer. There are leagues for every age and type.Put your competition hat on if you are truly serious! The lanes are in excellent shape especially if you can throw more than a gutter ball unlike myself. Another important aspect is the condition of the "watercloset" the loos are very clean a factor to consider when libations are involved. On a final note I do appreciate the automatic scoring and its precision accuracy.
4	First off, I love bowling!I enjoy going to Ten Park Lanes and I also play on a Sports Link bowling league here. The environment is great which makes bowling here more fun. There are drink specials usually and if you check the website they have bowling specials on different days. Staff-The staff for the most part is attentive, sometimes distracted but overall I've had good experiences with them. Food- Ten Park has some good grub. I've ordered a few different things here before. From pulled chicken salad, to burgers, and pulled pork plates. The prices are decent, and there's variety on the menu. Lanes- The lanes are clean, and oiled well. I've never had any technical issues with the lanes. Overall if you're looking for a good place to have fun, eat, and bowl then Ten Park is right up your alley!
4	What a great place to bowl in CLT!! It is a great place for a crowd of friends to get together and have a good time. Plenty of space for a large crowd of people and the servers do a really great job of keeping everyone's tabs. The food is also good reason to visit this place, not to mention the moonshine drinks. I had the cosmo cranberry moonshine drink which tasted like a sweet tart. The apple pie one isn't bad either. We happened to go on Retro Night which after 2 games turned out to be about $8.50. A really fun night for not a lot of $$. I will be back!!
4	Multiple bars. Great food. Bowling. Outdoor seating and Games. What's not to like?Our first year in Charlotte I can't tell you how many times I've driven, walked by, or altogether overlooked this place. But I went here for a birthday party and was immediately hooked. The inside is so nice, it really epitomizes that whole "don't judge a book by its cover." It's really cool inside. It's always super crowded on weekend nights. I'm not surprised though. It's really fun inside and great for groups. They did a really nice job with the inside. Again, the food is great here. pulled pork. sliders. They do a really great job with their menu. They have a good drink selection too. Reasonably priced for food, drinks and bowling. Cornhole outside.Definitely a huge fan of this place!
5	I love the atmosphere.  I don't bowl, I just got to hang out on the patio.  The food is always good, and I love the live music on Fridays.  The band you had on 7/19/13 was awesome!!  This is a go place in the neighborhood to hang out.
5	Awesome, fun environment.  Perfect combination of modern and retro. Food was fabulous - was told by staff that Food Network has filmed there.  Excellent customer service. A must!
4	A delicious lunch at a bowling alley?  THAT'S RIGHT!After having a Yelp event here months ago and enjoying everything that we sampled, I had TEN on my bookmark list to chow down at.  Brought the besties from work here today and holy smokes - just as delicious as I remember.On a Wednesday at 11:30 in July, the only other other folks in the place were wee-ones for what appeared to be a league and their mamas.  Crumb snatchers were chowing on snacks in between hurling the balls down the bumpered lanes, mamas were boozing it up.  It's a bowling alley, so it had the bowling alley noise, but it honestly wasn't distracting at all, we were able to talk at a normal level to one another.The food:Pulled Pork Chachos - (see picture) house-made potato chips, jalapenos, cheese, tomatoes, cilantro, sour cream and pulled pork.  The BBQ was seriously delicious - better than some the of restaurants that allegedly specialize in BBQ that I have been to recently.  Great combo and we devoured everything but the plate they came on.  Large portion for $8.50Crazy Rooster - (see pictures) smoked chicken, craisins, apples, smoked gouda and mayo on grilled sourdough bread.  De-friggin-licious.  This was one of the items sampled at the event that I kind of turned my nose up at until I tried it.  Mouth-wateringly good.  Everything kind of combines together and the taste is different and so good.  For $8.50 you get a huge sandwich and one side.  I chose the potato salad, which tasted like grocery store potato salad - meh.  I had a few bites, but wasn't impressed.  My dining companions both got the same sandwich only with fries - I tried a fry, it was fine, though a little too salty for my taste.The service was friendly, though the only two servers there were waiting on all of the lanes plus the lunchers.  It was quite a stretch between our drink orders and ordering our food, but we managed to get done in our allotted lunch time.  All of the employees that came by our table were exceptionally friendly and helpful.  We will definitely be back!
5	I am really impressed with Ten Park Lanes. Being a Charlotte native, I had birthday parties at Park Lanes when I was very young. The re-do is great! I will definitely go back to just visit, maybe not to bowl although that would be a nice activity there :-)
4	Awww...Ten Park Lanes was my VERY first ever YELP Elite event so this place already holds is super special for me. So it was a no-brainer that when my friends were visiting from out of town and wanted to do something fun I suggested this place. I already knew they had killer food and add bowling and some drinks...it's all the makings for an epic night. Well they didn't disappoint!!! We ordered a little bit of everything:Pepperoni and Sausage FlatbreadPulled Pork TacosBrisket Burnt EndsGreen BeansFriesMac and CheesePulled Pork Smoke Jar (Mason Jar) I tried to get as many pictures as I could but we were devouring that food faster than I could get the pictures!!! Seriously you will leave this place wondering: "Why can't all Bowling Alley food be this freaking good?" Highlights of the night for me were the pulled pork tacos and the Smoke Jar (Brisket Burnt Ends, Smoked Jalapenos and Mac & Cheese)....OMG...can I take 2 to go please. Yep. They are that good. Get them. *Here's a few tips for the newbies: Reserve your lane the night before...avoid the massive wait lines! And have everyone take one car, the parking lot fills up quickly! But this place definitely does not disappoint and is sure to be a good night for all.
5	The Real Deal and a Must-do for fun and food. Took family including two teenagers and we all loved it. THE FOOD- Flatbread pizzas, chicken and bacon sandwich w/Gouda, and their smoked meats were very very good. Menu here is more akin to a bistro/micro-brewery and definitely not bowling alley grub. THE FUN - we bowled and had a blast. There was a corn hole tourney going on in the outside patio area. We ended up there because we wanted more food and drink. The beers were great and service excellent.
5	"I ate in a bowling alley" is not what you should tell people. They will look at you weird like you have a shopping cart filled with cats and your clothes are covered in cat hair. That said, I ate at a bowling alley and it was awesome. And by awesome I mean you will want to slap somebody because it's that good. It will bring a deep violence out in you.Maybe it's the crashing of pins or all the happy smiling faces that makes everything taste and feel so good? I don't know. But, I do know that I had the best time and I want to go back again and again and again! The dip. Oh. My. Gawd. The dip. It had spinach and goat cheese and I felt like such a heifer for not wanting to share it with the 3 other people at our table. I did share it but I wanted to take it over to a separate table and just pig out by myself. Hashtag - ThisIsWhyImFat. I ordered the Jucy Lucy, because who can resist a name like that and since I watched that one episode of Man vs. Food that showcased the Jucy Lucy. I will say that the burger was cooked perfectly to my taste (pink inside - I know most places won't do that so this was quite a thrill) but it lacked the thick gooey cheese innards that I've seen in other Jucy Lucy's - although maybe that was television magic! Not a deal breaker or anything and I would order it again. The hubs got a chicken sandwich with apples and cranberries. He wouldn't share but kept making happy noises. That's always a sign it's really good. I did snag a couple of his skillet green beans and they were really good! So many good things on the menu it was hard to choose just one so we will have to visit again. Maybe we will bowl too...ah who am I kidding. We will just get more dip and pig out.
5	Food is awesome for a bowling alley!! Nachos seem like they make their own chips and buffalo pizza is insane. Can't complain about $1 bowling on Monday retro night
2	Not what I expected, ESPECIALLY for the money paid. With my folks in town, I decided for some family fun on Sunday. (01.26) It was pretty packed when we got in, that's fine, probably a good thing right? Wrong. Apparently they were expecting a large party that evening at 8pm and that's where I think all the focus went. We came in around 230pm, said it was an hour wait. We decided to grab food. Which was pretty good and what I now know was the highlight of the afternoon. Hour and half later we finally got a lane, ALLLL the way at the end, when about 7 other lanes were open. Fine. Purchased 2 games, figured if we want an extra we'll grab one more. An hour later I asked for another game, they said they have reservation at 5, I asked for another lane, none apparently were available either. (Now unless my eyes were fooling me there were about 5 others open). People playing a lane apart from us were however moved to another. Anything wrong with my money?!?! Are they not green enough?! Every time I was at the front desk or bar either asking a question, ordering a beer OR actually paying, I did not feel acknowledged, not a smile, not even when they rang my card. No suggestions were made to make sure we enjoyed the rest of the evening or came back. We waited longer than the entire trip there, felt like I was rushed to get out to make room for those who potentially will leave a bigger tip?! Don't know. My tip - may be call in advance to make sure no huge parties are booked that night so you can get a half decent service. As for me, my money will be spent else where next time.
5	Okay, so I was skeptical about going to a bowling alley for lunch, but it was Sunday and Sir Eds didn't open till the evening, and I wanted something new instead of Duckworths. So I was enticed by the argument "they have bbq". Not only did I like it, I loved the bbq. Best I've had in Charlotte so far, though that may just be from limited bbq exploration. Know of better pulled pork? Tell me. P. S. The green beans weren't worth it, I was trying to get a healthy side but they just plain and cold. Knew I should have gone for a more guilty choice. Next time.
4	Second, third, fifteenth visit.  First time eating.  Dont expect pappas food.  Totally different.  As far as bbq goes. The sauces are 4/5 stars, wings 4/5.  Nachos/( chachas). 3/5 stars.   I advise asking for Kristy for your server.  Great girl highly attentive. My bbq joint was the ol' smokehouse but that is long gone and is now Mavericks.   A decent replacement is now park lanes.   Cant wait to try the brisket and pork.   The chx wings were awesome. The dry rub perfect amount of all flavors.  Highly recommend!Cheers!
1	Unless your ready see a rumble and pay $100 per person. Don't bother. My girlfriend and I walked in and immediately noticed that most of the servers looked like they were about to cry? Then I overheard the kitchen manager "Doug" screaming from the back at one of the servers..This immediately put me in an "awkward" mood. Then I started checking out the menu..it looked like some good items until a noticed the prices..Can you say $15 potato wedge?
3	Food is good, Bar atmosphere is fine. But don't come here to actually bowl. Especially on a weekend without making a reservation 24 hours in advance. Got here at 6 on a Saturday, told a two hour wait. Three hours and 15 minutes later we are still waiting on a lane. And there is only three of us. This place is too trendy. Redic.
4	I have lost count of how many times I visited Ten park, I the only time I come here is when I visit my relatives. 90% of my past experiences were great but This time not so much. Food was late to arrive and taste kind of dull.  The server wasn't the nicest person but it's OK, everybody has something on their mind.The good thing is that even though the service was not what I expected we still had fun bowling which is the main reason why we come here.
4	We had a great time at TEN Park Lanes. Even on a super-busy Saturday night we somehow got a lane with no wait. The bowling was (as always) tons of fun. The best part, though, was the fast and friendly service you get while you're playing. We were immediately approached by a waiter asking for our drink and food orders, and even though the place was packed he was patient with us and took the time to answer some questions we had about the menu. I came expecting typical bowling alley food, but I was pleasantly surprised to learn that TEN has an extensive and varied menu, and the food is actually very good! Add to that a great selection of local beers and you've got quite a meal. There is also an outdoor lounge area with live music (at least the night we were there), which is a great option if things are really packed inside (as they were when we were there).My only complaint is that the popularity of the place means that you don't really get that same "group outing" feel that you normally get at bowling alleys. Other groups are constantly in your seating and eating/drinking space. It didn't bother me much, but be prepared for that, particularly on weekend nights.
1	My boyfriend and I just walked out of this place 10 minutes ago. We were really excited to check it out because the reviews were great. We walked in and immediately went to the bar where there were two other people in front of us. When we walked up we weren't greeted or told someone would be with us and there were 2 bartenders. At first it wasn't a big deal but after one bartender completed serving one of the other people before us he didn't turn to greet us or take our order. He never even made eye contact. He simply started cleaning the bar. After the second customer left the other bartender asked if we wanted anything (obviously since we were standing there for about 10 minutes already) we said yes and placed our orders. She then informed us that the beer we wanted was no longer at her bar but at another one and we would have to go there. We decided to forgo the beer and order another drink. She then started wiping the bar down and after she finished she "attempted" to make our drinks. She then told us she was getting ready to close down and we should just use the other bar. After asking if she could just make 2 quick drinks she again "attempted" to make them. We observed her getting ice and dumping it back in the sink and said the ice was old and we would have to go to another bar. After being thoroughly ignored and then receiving crappy service once we were acknowledged we decided Ten Park Lanes wasn't for us and we'd never be back. Customer Service is the most important factor in getting and keeping customers and they were seriously lacking. It was a huge disappointment and if you decide to give them a try I sincerely hope you have a better experience!!
4	We had a blast getting our bowl on at TEN this past weekend. Geez, how lame does that sound!?! Anyways, I came to visit my brother for my birthday weekend, and wanted to go bowling. My family hates bowling, but it's my birthday so I do what I want. My husband, brother, and brother's girlfriend all pulled up for two games of doing what Ashley wants to do! Two games plus shoe rentals was $33.60 per couple. That's right in line with DC prices during matinee bowling (on those rare occasions I can get my husband to go bowling). Here's the thing- I suck at bowling. My goal is to try really hard to break 50! Maybe that's why no one wants to bowl with me!?! Well, I don't know if there was magic in that pink 7lb bowling ball or what, but I was on a roll. Strikes and spares all day long people! Your fingers fit comfortably, and not all tight like some of the other bowling alley's I've been too. Except, once they put these little kids in the lane next to us, and one of the kids kept literally throwing his ball behind him towards us it got real. I was just rolling the ball down the lane without rhyme or reason as quickly as possible. The goal was to hurry up and bowl before that little kid threw his ball near our seats! The guy with him was swinging the ball behind his head, and it was only a matter of time before he threw the ball him as well. So, alas I finished with 112. Once they left, I was back on my roll. Our server Ashley- (shout out to spelling Ashley the correct way!) was attentive, and checked on us periodically to see if we needed anything. The facilities were clean, plenty of balls to choose from, and spacious lounge areas. The only downside, is for whatever reason they were obsessed with putting people right next to each other. We came here at 5:45pm on a Saturday, and they weren't crowded at all. So, tell me why they just had to put us on the end next to a group of loud college kids? We asked to move, and were moved no problem. But, remember my woes with the kid throwing his ball behind him at us? That's because they put those kids right next to us. Even though, there were many lanes empty! And then they put a couple immediately next to us sharing the thing where you put the balls. Again, this place had many a lane open, so why put them on the exact same lounge as us? They were cool though, so we still had fun. Also, the shoe rentals were ragg-e-dy. They aren't pooling the shoe rental money back into updating those ripped up shoes. That much is for sure! All in all, a solid bowling alley, and a fun place to bowl. The hubs reports they had cheap beer too!
5	This place is great! The atmosphere is fun and inviting, the staff are very helpful and nice, and the location is in within walking distance of a shopping center. I didn't order food but the menu selection was impressive. I will be returning to this location!
3	Cute date spot. I heard they renovated not too long ago, and they did a great job!  I'm giving it a three because the food here can be better, spinach dip was watered down and not nearly cheesy enough. Fries where soggly. Still will come back because the staff was wonderful and we had a blast :)
3	Although I loved the decor of Ten Park Lanes I was less than pleased with the service. We had a large group which can be trying but we had two waitresses for a group of 14. We each had 1-3 drinks and all at the same time so we tried to make it as easy as possible. A few ordered drinks which never came out. When the bill came out the non-existent drinks were charged! After speaking to our waitress we saw her talking it over with another server for 10 minutes trying to figure out who was telling the truth. We didn't appreciate the back and forth.
3	In the grand scheme of bowling alleys, this one was pretty decent. It was an easy walk from Maverick Rock Taco and had a bunch of pong tables and a cool restaurant out front. We didn't order any food or do anything out front but it looked cool.Our group, which was fairly large, got three lanes towards the end of the building.  One of the lanes broke within the first couple frames and so we all got moved. The cool thing: our scores moved with us. The alley got 3 stars instead of 4 because it was kinda the whole place was kinda grungy. Also, I ordered two beers, received one, and was charged for both.
4	Overall fun place. Kinda pricey for bowling but they do advertise as an upscale bowling place. I had the brisket sliders and they were  delicious however, I was expecting to get 3 like an average slider order and they only give you 2 but they were only $6 so that's not bad. Sweet potato tots were amazing! As for the bowling everything is very organized, balls are arranged by weight in order so they're easy to find, computer system very easy to use as well. Pretty popular place so expect to wait for a lane especially on a weekend. They do have a texting system so you can leave and come back when your lane is ready.
2	LUNCH & BOWL review.I've been to many lunch & bowls at Ten Park Lanes over the past two years.  Its a great deal, $15 for lunch, shoes and two games of bowling.  In the past, I've been able to try some great food, a stacked mason jar full of delicious-ness, a crazy rooster sandwich and some buffalo chicken tacos.I returned a week ago with another work group for a lunch & bowl.  We got our lanes, got the shoes and then we got the menus.  ::insert sad music here::You've always been able to order most anything off the menu, with the exemption of a few blue plate items.  This time, we were presented with a  tiny menu with 4-5 items.  No vegetarian options, and nothing that was as awesome as I'd had before.  We had to apologize to the people that had never been there because we were bragging about the food before.I ended up getting BBQ sliders and fries, but most of my team ended up ordering flatbreads.  The sliders were fine - but when I was looking forward to a stacked mason jar, it was disappointing. I'm very disappointed that they made this change to the lunch & bowl menu and I don't see our team returning anytime soon.
1	Their food quality is awful. Chicken wings came out burnt and the sweet potato fries were soggy. It literally took them 40 mins to replace the potato with regular fries. I'm not sure what happened to this place, food used to be good.
3	I appreciate the innovative approach that TEN Park is taking.  Upgraded food, large bars, bowling, ping pong, cornhole, the works.  They are definitely working to create and experience.Our group stopped in after having tacos up the street.  It was a Friday night a couple of weeks before Christmas and the place was PACKED with corporate holiday parties.  We were told it would be a two hour wait for a lane.  We were going to be drinking anyway so we saddled up to the bar.  The bar service was quick and efficient.The bowling experience well. . . . was bowling, but our group had fun.I would go back to TEN park in the future.
