4	* WOW! How can I possibly be the first one to write a review for the new Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale Quarter? YAY ME. Well I was there last Friday for Happy Hour. As always get there early because by the time we left, that place was PACKED! The bar area is nice. Small inside and very nice outside, but alas, until it cools down, inside is the way to go for me. Drinks - They have great drink specials on happy hour. Their Geisha A-Go-Go martini is fresh watermelon with grey goose! Double score as that sucker is delicious!! Sushi- all their rolls are good. We had every roll on their happy hour menu except the california roll and let's just say the sushi was fresh, and melt in your mouth good. I think our entire bill came to maybe $40 which is pretty cheap for the three of us that were there. I will most definitely be back to visit this location, especially since it is right around the corner from my job :)
4	The new Stingray location at Scottsdale Quarter makes a nice addition to the growing restaurant scene in North Scottsdale. Entire walls slide open in the bar area to bring the outdoors in. The decor is very sophisticated and the whole place is extremely clean (one of the benefits of being 2 weeks old). I had a nice lunch here today.  As usual, I had the lunch sashimi combination. At $15 the sashimi combo at Stingray is $2 more than the same dish at RA (across the street in Kierland), however the Stingray combo had a side cucumber salad and the miso soup here was more rich and flavorful than the miso at RA. Although they are very close, RA seems to provide more fish but I like how Stingray's slices are a bit shorter and thicker than the slices at RA making the fish more manageable with chopsticks. I also like how the bar at Stingray is very deep front to back. I felt like I had more room for my elbows, iPhone, book, sunglases, etc... and didn't feel like I was right on top of the bartender as she sliced lemons. The service was adequate and friendly. I would come here again.
3	I'm always a Malibu girl, but tease me with an Asian Blonde and I'm in!  Unfortunately, it wasn't that great, just a tease... Of course I didn't realize they had Zipang sparkling sake so that ended up being my drink of choice here and a win :)The bar was packed so we opted for table service. Our server was spot on with her recommends: Hamachi Ceviche was fresh and light and the Cabo Blanco Roll was so good I ordered it twice. Lava Roll was good, my friend erupted with praise for it. Also tried Yellowtail and Salmon Nigri and the NY Strip Tataki. Ended with the Tempura Ice Cream (not a fan).Our bill was pricey but the service was great considering it was packed. Never had an empty glass or plate waiting to be picked up. P.S. I dig the staff's colored Converse. Adds to the hipster feel they've created.
3	I'll chalk this one up to growing pains... service was not on par.  The bar tenders were a bit too busy to get us drinks quickly as we waited for our table.  Once seated, it once again took a long time to get drinks.  I feel like they missed out on the revenue of two rounds for our table of six.  The decor is great, and the sushi is on par with their other locations.  I still feel the "hotty hamachi" is their best dish.  Uni was sub-par, and no fresh wasabi as of yet.  I was a bit bothered that they never brought the toro we ordered, and when I brought this up, our waitress pointed to the sea bass on the table and said "there's the toro".  I let her take the dish to the chef and learn for herself that it was not toro.  Again, maybe growing pains... but I would educate the staff ASAP on what they're serving.  All that being said, hands down, the quality of fish here is notches above RA (which is supermarket sushi at best).
3	I went here recently for my girlfriends birthday.  I loved the sushi, my girlfriend and her friend didn't like the drinks, they each went through two before they ordered one they liked.Also, maybe I am just old at heart or something, but why is the music so loud?  I hate having to talk really loud just to speak to the person next to me.Ugh
5	Two visits to this restaurant in the last two months.  I am by no means an avid sushi connoisseur, but we do seem to make it out to a sushi bar about once a month.The first visit was a no-holds-barred, someone-else-got-the-tab lunch with a group of friends.  We ate, and we ate well.  Rolls, salads, appetizers, all the way from a lowly California Roll to a few of those stuffed and baked lobster tails...it was QUITE amazing.  Other reviews of the restaurant are accurate as well in terms of pricing - this place is definitely a little on the higher side.  The drinks are pricey, unless you go to happy hour.  Which brings me to tonight...We decided to stop in and hit up the happy hour pricing, but when we arrived (Saturday at 5PM).  The nice hostess politely informed us that there is no happy hour on Saturday.  I observed the other SIX customers, and thought: Stingray is missing out here.  My wife smiled and said no thanks.  Then we got in the car and drive to Sushi Brokers a mile away, as they have 7-day happy hour specials and great food.  The parking lot was jam-packed, the bar was nearly full, and we got the last table in the restaurant...at 5:05 PM.Stingray: your food is great, BUT YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG!!
1	So very disappointing!  From the Edamame to the Spicy Tuna Roll! We went for Happy Hour and ordered 5 different orders of sushi, edamame, gyoza, calamari tempura & seaweed salad, every single item tasted the same with the exception of the seaweek salad, that was so overpowering with dressing that it was inedible. Can you believe no pomegrante martini? Seriously? Place was empty which should have told us something. Couldn't find the entrance, front door blends right into the building, seriously! Had to cut through an opening in the gate to try and get into the restaurant, which was pretty much what was happening with everyone else that tried to get in...Just ridiculous.  Bye bye Stingray, will be heading back across the street to Ra where sushi is superb!
5	You know what I love most about dining out at restaurants? The combo of great food paired up with outstanding service! Stingray Sushi opened up their third Stingray at the Scottsdale Quarter and this new location is just as hip as the the others! Frequenting the Biltmore as much as I did, I found a nice refreshing atmosphere where the people watching is as good as the new drinks featured on the menu. The Tokyo Stock Exchange is MONEY and paired up with the Yuzu Sea Bass special, I swear I could eat and drink this everyday!The menu - still serves up some of my favorite items (ie. the Cabo Blanco Roll sans the Avocado because of my allergy, and the Hamachi Ceviche) and the Happy Hour rocks 5 days a week!I like the fact that Stingray changed up the interior to give the retro chic vibe into what has been a successful concept! Thanks for bringing a new hot spot in North Scottsdale and I can't wait to keep on dining here...in fact...thinking of stopping in this week.Keep up the good work Stingray!!! *thumbs up*
5	Wonderful sushi, top notch. The octopus came with a sweet sauce that complimented the octopus very well. Service was prompt, the server pleasant. Didn't have any alcoholic drinks, so can't attest to the bartender's skills. Would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Hands down our fav happy hour place!!$5 sake bombers, $3-5 great sushi selection - what's not to love about it?If you sit at the sushi bar you get miso soup and edamame complimentary.Try the DRAGON roll!
5	Yummy yum yum. Excellent sashimi done right with no frills. Speaks for itself.  Ask for Melissa.
1	I could hardly hear the waitress, have a conversation with my wife, or even think. Food was good, but not worth putting up with the noise.  Stick to the Stingray in Old Town.
5	This place was amazing!  Right in the heart of Scottsdale Quarters. The people watching was really good.  The food was incredible!!  The spicy tuna crunch role was intense.  The service was fantastic. Oh and let's not forget the chocolate cake.  So good!!!
4	My husband and I had a great night here....we checked out the bar action while we waited on a table, it was really entertaining to just people watch and browse the drink menu..some unusual concoctions...We sat out side and order a good variety of rolls and sashimi. Our server was very attentive and complemented our choices.  She was one smart waitress working that tip!
3	I just read the other posts am I am wondering, is this the same place I had lunch in yesterday? The restaurant I ate in sent out cold tempura once then warm with a too thick coating the second time. They sent out sushi with no wasabi and a soy sauce bottle with no soy sauce. I was greeted with a washed out hello, then informed 'we are severely short staffed today'!  Zero confidence from a server that knew she could never meet the needs of her guests.  Why seat people when you know you are short staffed? It was a little like torture. The manager picked up the check which I don't like. I prefer to pay and have a good meal. It will be hard to return knowing that these small problems may not be fixed without strong management , proper staffing and good cooks.
4	Met a friend here for happy hour yesterday.  Even though it was 90 degrees outside the patio bar was very comfortable.  Service was great and the happy hour prices are very reasonable.My favorite sushi was the dragon roll with eel and avocado. The salmon and yellowtail nigiri was very good as well.When the weather is nice, this is the place to be for happy hour.
3	I must admit I love the decor of the Stingrays.  Both at the Biltmore and at the Scottsdale Quarter location.While the one at the Biltmore was a bit too modern to be a comfortable place to dine for me, the one at Scottsdale Quarter has the right mix of modern and comfort and I really enjoyed dining there for lunch today.Plus, I was there at 11am when they first opened and when I told the waitress I had 30mins to eat for lunch, they got me in and out within that time and the food was good.But again, the waitress did not know her menu and did not bring me everything that was included with my lunch order.Thumbs down and unfortunate for a place with such beautiful decor and quality of food.
5	Second time for me at the Stingray at Scottsdale Quarter.  Amazingly good food.  The sushi is fresh and flavorful and the bento boxes are excellent with large portions.  A terrific restaurant.
5	I'll give you several good reasons to eat here, particularly men. First, it's in the new Scottsdale Quarter, which if you haven't been to yet is worth the trip. Lots of upper end shops that attract lots of highbrow folks, but my main reason for going to Stingray...to people watch.On a typical weekend night, the place is littered with orange tanned women, botched plastic surgeries, cougars of every persuasion, and women of a certain age who simply can't let go of their youth, evidenced by their twenty something fashion and styling. The food?I'm not a Sushi aficionado, so I can't distinguish good yellowtail from whale blubber. Its all rubbery and flavorless to me. But thank God for pickled ginger, wasabi, soy sauce and beer. I can make a meal out those four things alone as I so often do.But the real reason to eat here is to impress your woman, or any neighboring table of single women should you be dining out with the guys.I've long held that eating sushi, more particularly sashimi, is an erotic metaphor of sorts. The connotation being that if you eat something really flubbery and disgusting, and, with the faint bouquet of fish, your date, or that gaggle of neighboring cougar divorcees will reason how it shouldn't be a problem for you to munch whatever flubbery mess they're bagging down south. You don't even need to like sushi, and it just bought you game! A huge win-win in my book.So being in a place where the women are mostly Scottsdale forty or fifty something divorcees sporting orange accented cleavage and skinny jeans, and, where the food serves as an erotic bellwether, signaling your prowess at eating anything even remotely disgusting, you should consider this place one of Scottsdale's finest!
3	Good spot for lunch or happy hour...but if you can't make it when they are having a special, the menu sushi is overpriced.  It's a step between grocery store sushi and great restaurant sushi, but it cost way more.  On a good note, the service is great and they validate parking for up to 2hrs. The lunch bento boxes are the best bang for your buck.
5	I can see why this sushi bar constantly makes the top 3 places to get amazing sushi. They have a great happy hour with options that you can't find anywhere else. The spicy tuna crunch is so good. The drinks/martinis are delicious too. I've been there three times and once on a date. All of the sushi was incredible and the filet my boyfriend got was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. I always love a server who doesn't make a face at all the questions I ask and each time the ladies were awesome. Perfect for any occasion, happy hour or not, I love this place.
4	I've been to two of the three Stingray locations in Arizona. Have to say - their sushi = good quality, nice decor and while not a comprehensive sushi variety, had plenty for me to choose from. I've been to a couple sushi places in this Scottsdale area (sushi brokers and RA Sushi) and Stingray definitely is way better. Good quality AND quality, especially for their happy hour menu. Would definitely come back again.
4	Visited the one in Scottsdale Quarter for dinner . . The door to enter is quite interesting and the ambience inside is very hip and classy. Outdoor seating is also inviting as Scottsdale quarter Is generally a nice place to hang out in. We had a good variety of rolls to choose from and all that we sampled tasted great and fresh - salmon, tuna, California, rainbow , shrimp tempura. The seaweed salad was very refreshing. Would certainly go back.
1	Will not do separate checks
3	The atmosphere was great, this whole area in the Scottsdale Quarter is pretty cool.  The front door to this place is deceiving and we almost walked right by it.  I was not impressed by the sushi, wouldn't say it was bad but I nothing stood out.  Our waitress was training and she was super nice but her trainer looked like she just found out someone died (not kidding).  I think she maybe smiled twice the whole time.  I like taking the wife out for dinner and she loves sushi but it has to make an impression to go back.
5	My favorite sushi place
5	Best sushi happy our around!
1	If only I where rating this place based on their sushi I would give it 5 stars.  But, I'm not  rating it based on the food.  It is purely based on the customer service in this establishment.  Be warned; if you have a large party this is NOT the place to go.  I've been in the restaurant industry for over 20 years and I have NEVER heard of a restaurant not splitting checks for large parties.  So for an over 500.00 bill they will take 15+ different forms of payment but won't split up the check by individuals or couples.  How does this make any sense.  To make matters worse; they bring out the sushi and I quote "family style".  Since when did sushi get served family style?  Here is the problem.  Sushi is expensive, not everyone at the table ate it and when served "family style" someone else may get what you ordered and you won't have a clue it even made it to the table.  We spent over 40 minutes trying to figure out this bill, SERIOUSLY!  When I asked the manager her generic and obviously well rehearsed response was "this is our company policy, we do not split checks for large parties".  This is absurd.  So not only did we have a heck of a time figuring out the bill, I'm pretty sure no one really knew who had what and if they had added random things to the bill.  How could you know with that many people ordering????  I never received part of what I ordered yet it made it on that bill.  So here we have to pay it regardless of what we may or may not have received?  I understand that adding gratuity to a party this size is also common practice which I don't normally have a problem with but how about some EXCELLENT customer service in return.  If policy is no separate checks, at least tell everyone as they order or as a group that this will occur.  They said someone was told when the reservation was made.  The reservation was made for 25 people!  It would've taken 2 seconds to again relay this important piece of information.  Worst experience ever!
1	Horrible! The water smelled like fish and they didnt offer to bring more so we had to order drinks which they charged us for. We ordered 3 rolls and they brought us one wrong roll and then said they would take it off the bill but I had to wait an additional 10 mins for the correct roll and then they charge me for it. When I asked to speak to the manager, she was even more rude. She ended up not charging me for the roll bc she couldnt prove I was lying (after she went to look for the sheet of paper we filled out) and told me to make sure next time I ordered the right roll! The waitress never read back what we had written down in the first place which they almost always do at every well done sushi place I've been to so how would I even know if I wrote down on the wrong line. Yes people make mistakes on both ends but I know I didn't because I double checked but for them to be so incredibly rude was shocking! When the waitress brought back the corrected bill she didn't stop as she walked by she dropped it on the table. Never once apologized and to top it off the roll I had ordered was not good once I got mine when everyone else had already finished eating. I will never return and will for sure recommend going anywhere else!
5	REVIEW PURELY BASED ON HAPPY HOUR:WOW.  where do I begin??1. amazing happy hour prices (drinks too!) DRAGON ROLL! $62. fast service3. friendly staff4. great music5. overall perfect night.....except for the random girl bringing us a round of sushi and just standing next to our table, without saying ONE WORD. Just looking at us.  Not saying what she has or anything normal.  It was weird.
5	Yummy all the time and love the happy hour specials!  The crab roll is the absolute best in town!
5	First visit was during Happy Hour on a Friday at the Scottsdale Quarter.  Let me just say, best damn happy hour around and not just cause of the drink specials.  The sushi specials cannot be beat, dragon roll or las vegas roll for $6...that's just insanely good. The service is top notch, we did not go without anything.  I took a sip of my ice tea, she was there to replenish.  The whole experience was amazing.The sushi cannot be beat.  Fresh and top quality and I know my Sushi.
5	Both Stingray locations are great, but this is by far my favorite. The view from the patio isn't as nice as the Old Town Scottsdale location, but the food seems to be prepared slightly better and you can't beat the happy hour drinks, roll, and food specials. I always spend more than I intend to, but it is always worth it! Great after work spot for happy hour or early dinner.
4	This place has a great atmosphere and an excellent happy hour.  Awesome drink and sushi prices.  The dragon roll is my favorite, but there are plenty of specials to choose from, and their sushi is pretty good. The location is great too, close to all the shopping in Scottsdale Quarter.  Definitely a good place to stop in for a sushi happy hour!
4	The location is pretty great as it is tucked back into an outdoor shopping area, so there was plenty to do before and after dinner if you're so inclined.  The room is spacious and well designed and the bar, which is mostly outside, was buzzing.  I didn't care for the miso soup (I think there was cilantro in it..not great) but the sushi was great.  I had the salmon sushi, spicy tuna roll, and the tuna on crispy rice.  The salmon was pretty amazing; the tuna on crispy rice was good, but I could have done with less crispy rice (the rice was a fairly large rectangle pattie versus the miniature tator-tot size you get at other places).  The prices were reasonable as well, not like LA where a sushi dinner can set you back $100 a person or more.
2	Terrible service for large groups.  A reservation was set up for a large group of about 10 people.  The table was reserved and set aside ok.  The staff appeared helpful, courteous and friendly.  The atomospher was cosmopolitan and very urban.  I ordered the Chilean Sea bass as I am not a sushi person.  My cocktail was wonderful and refreshing.  Once we were finished, the nightmare began.  Our waitress put all of our orders on the same ticket, so she could get the large group standard 18%  gratuity.  The orders were all together so my boyfriend and I had to find what we had, total it and calculate gratuity tax, etc.  We had to do this for each person/couple in our group.  It took over an hour to do so.  Then the expected confrontation began.  The waitress, stated that we were short $55.  This is after number of people paid much more than what they owed.  Because of the all the people it also took some time to run cards.  We were told that this is how they do this, but for large groups its a nightmare and always sets up ugly situations.  If they had seperated our orders, It would have meant a little more work for the waitress up front, but no terrible experience at the end.  Our entire group stated that they never wanted to come here again.  Large groups beware!
5	This place is fantastic. Great for all sushi and non-sushi lovers.  Service was great, atmosphere is relaxing and modern, and the food is delicious. My group and I ordered the spring rolls, gyozas, shrimp tempura rolls, chicken teriyaki, and lobster tempura. All absolutely mouth-watering. The lobster tempura actually feels like it's melting in your mouth it's so good. Our server was so nice and very attentive. This place is now on my regular circulation of restaurants. I can't wait to come back for happy hour.
4	Amazingly fresh sashimi. Service good. Fun Scottsdale atmosphere. Loud music (in agood Saturday night kind of way). Great location in Scottsdale Quarter.
4	They have a great happy hour with awesome prices on food and drinks! I always sit at the sushi bar because they give you free miso soup and edamame! It's also fun to talk to the sushi chefs and ask what their favorite rolls are. Happy hour at the sushi bar is one of the best that I found and the sushi is always fresh and delicious!
3	After the yelp diy event at make we went here to grad a drink/bite! it was okay but a little pricy! but the bar tender was super hot/nice so that's a plus!! Oh yea and did I mention her was a nursing student?!? hard worker with goals, i like, i like! Prices are okay moderate, but my fellow elite got sashimi and was charged $21 for like four pieces ekkk! the bar area was pretty, I'll go back maybe if im at the quarter!
3	Food is great but service is HORRIBLE!
1	My wife and I went to Stingray with high hopes based on a previous visit to another location. This experience was a large disappointment. We arrived at 6:15 on a Thursday evening, and we were able to get a seat right away. We found out we were there during happy hour, so we ordered drinks and appetizers. The drinks were good, and unique, and the crunchy spicy tuna appetizer was also good, but that was where it ended. The other appetizer was a shrimp tempura roll, which was average at best, then came the main course. My wife ordered the spicy shrimp roll which was also average, with more rice than fish, and the lava roll, which was awful, with the fish glob on top being all mushy as if it had been pre-chewed and spit on top of the roll. I ordered the seared big eye tuna. The risotto it came with was outstanding, the tuna was, in a word, awful. The flavor was good, but this was the first piece of fish I have ever had that couldn't be eaten because of sinews running through it. I had to cut away over 1/3 of the meat because it couldn't be cut or chewed. To top it off, the service was poor at best. The staff was friendly, but our water ran out numerous times, our server was hard to find, and the coup de gras was that they completely forgot my order. My wife had completely finished both plates of her sushi (well, she didn't eat the lava rolls because they were awful) and my tuna still hadn't arrived. When our server finally walked by after 25-minutes (not exaggerating, we watched the time) and asked she went to the kitchen and came back explaining the kitchen was "backed up." Considering I ordered a dish that required all of 2 minutes to cook, I wasn't buying it. The manager walked by and I said something to him, he went in the kitchen and came back about 2-minutes later with my dinner. Both the manager and server apologized - but THAT WAS IT! Not so much as a coupon for discount next time, or my entre being comped, nothing. I understand restaurants make mistakes, but own up to it, and do something about it. Not that I spend a lot of time in Scottsdale, but I can assure you we will NOT be going back.
5	The Happy Hour is honestly one of the best deals in town!!! Great Sushi for a really good price.  If it is cool enough outside sit there because the people watching is amazing.  My girlfriend and I ate a ridiculous amount of food and drink for $50.  The service and quality was great!!!
1	Way off tonight ....Twilight Zone bad .... I feel like I am on Candid Camera ...I hate bashing the place I love so much but they are f'd up tonight!
5	Had not had sushi in a very long time, so this was a treat. Sat at the sushi bar, Kirin and great sushi. The variety was great, service was awesome. Very well prepared, and all was fresh..like it needs to be. Love the big door to get in, don't really notice it until you look up close.
4	Great happy hour menu! So many options, and very reasonably priced. I  personally enjoyed the spicy tuna items. The regular sushi menu did seem a little pricey, so I'll prob stick to coming here only during happy hour. The hostesses seemed a little confused, and told us there was a 15 min wait when there were empty tables everywhere, but our server was fantastic. All in all, I will make an effort to come here again for happy hour with friends.
4	Went for Happy Hour and sat outside under the big screen TV.  Waitress was polite, knowledgeable and prompt.  Ordered sushi and sake and was pleasantly surprised when I got the check.  I will definitely return again and bring some friends.  The Happy Hour specials are worth checking out and there's a wide variety to choose from.
2	Awesome happy hour prices. Dragon roll should be avoided . The nigiri was very good. The rolls were not wrapped very tight and broke apart when grabbing. Most of the fish was ground up, which reminded me of sushi I buy at the supermarket. All and all my wife and I had a good time. Because of the prices we weren't that disappointed. Although we did not go back this time we were in Scottsdale, next year we will make another trip there for happy hour and more than likely stick to the Nigiri. Oh, I should mention a very nice outdoor sitting area!
4	The sushi is tasty and they make a nice miso soup.  Happy hour has some good deals and a fun comfortable atmosphere.
4	I met a friend here for lunch last Sunday.  We ordered several types of rolls, all predominately tuna and salmon, and we enjoyed every single one of them.  I ate way more than I needed to but it was so
4	Great patio! Great happy hour!
4	Great place for lunch. We got a few basic rolls and everything was fresh, affordable and the service was wonderful. Out for about $35 for two of us.
4	Had the Tuna and salmon sashimi, Dragon roll, Vegas roll all were very fresh and delicious.
2	Granted it was late when we got there, but no excuse for bleh food. I guess the prices are the offset, it's not too expensive.The beef skewers were too tough for me to choke down. The sushi was okay.
2	Skip it.  The sushi was average and was served too warm for my liking.  We tried the Vegas roll and the tempura was thick and greasy.  Another post said it best by calling it "blah".  Nothing overly exciting about the rolls.  Atmosphere and service was great.  Happy Hour prices were fantastic, but I guess you get what you pay for.  There are several better options around.
2	I'm not sure what happened to this place.  A year ago, it was a very cool, and very busy spot to be!  Any day of the week, happy hour and beyond, Scottsdale's finest glitterati swarmed the place.  EVEN IN AUGUST.The last two times I've been in, anywhere from 5PM - 8PM, once on a Tuesday, and once on a Saturday, it was dead.  Like, one or two other (small) parties in the whole place.The service is the same as it's always been - decent, from pretty girls who are personable and polite.  Who can complain?  The apparent problem?  The sushi kinda sucks.  The cooked food also ain't what it used to be. The quality has overall slid quite a bit since last year. :(I really hope this place catches itself before the final fateful slide.  It's a super piece of real estate, but Stingray, you can't survive on crap food, even in a great location.
5	The original plan wasn't actually to go to Stingray tonight but I'm soooo happy we ended up here!  Bestie and I decided to do dinner once she got off work at Dry Bar and we were going to go to True Foods but there was a 35 minute wait and we were too hungry to sit around seeing and smelling everything to be able to handle that.  It was beautiful out so we were trying to find somewhere that had patio seating available and saw that Stingray had a couple free tables.We were seated right away and giving some time to peruse the menus.  A couple minutes later our waitress, Elle, came over to get our drink order.  Now, Bestie is pregnant but has been craving beer forever and didn't see it on the menu so she asked if they had non-alcoholic beer.  Elle said that they did but she wasn't sure which brand it was so she told her she'd check and let her know.  When she came back it was a brand neither of us recognized so my friend was a little hesitant to order it but Elle made sure to let her know that if she didn't like it she could send it back.Another issue with being pregnant is obviously certain foods you can and can't eat but Elle made that a lot easier for my friend too.  She told her that the foods with stars next to them on the menu were the raw ones so she should avoid those but she also told her that if she wanted one of the rolls that had raw foods in it she could have them not put them in so that she could still eat it.  We were both blown away at how helpful this girl was and she was super friendly the whole time too.Food itself was awesome too!  I ordered a Dragon Roll and a Spicy Tuna.  BFF got a Dragon roll as well and a Las Vegas roll.  The quality of everything was excellent, very fresh and the flavors were wonderful.  The rolls were good sized too, I think there were about 8 pieces for each one so I was stuffed at the end of the meal.  I'm very happy that my friend is gonna be working 50 feet from this place so that I have an excuse to come in more often!
4	great for happy hour, not so sure about the dinner menu though.the sushi is so tasty and you can get a lot of it for an even better price! plus the premium drinks are also half priced which means you can also get loaded without paying too much. hmm. can you tell why i came here?
4	Great food and service. I love the yellowtail collar called Hamachi Kama it's a must try. The green mussels are amazing when they have them in. Best sushi in Scottsdale in my opinion better that RA Sushi. Gotta try this place.
4	The atmosphere would be considered upscale. It was a little stuffy on the inside, in my opinion, so we decided to sit on the patio. I ordered sushi, and it tasted very fresh and was well-prepared. The service could have used some improvement though, based on our experience. Our waitress seemed like she was new, and wasn't too knowledgeable when it came to the menu. She also somehow missed getting us soy sauce when she delivered our sushi, and didn't stop in to our table frequently enough to check on us.I would go back, but with slightly lower expectations for the service.
2	I'm here for Mother's Day and the service is terrible. I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop entree for $23 and got one shrimp, one scallop and 4 small sticks of fried rice. It was tasty but too small. My husband ordered 4 sushi rolls but they took 40 minutes to come out. So, I ate my entree while he watched me eat it, then, he ate his rolls while I watched him eat. Don't think I'll be back.
5	Love the place, the vibe...and the lovely and heavy wood entry doors...Why do I love Stingray...??? because it's consistently great and they know how to wow people by doing simple things...For instance, I had lunch there today after not being there for a long time...and the waitress said..: Complimentary miso soup and edaname..Wow! I thought that was such a nice touch and what a way to earn my loyalty and return business...you betcha I'll come back!...Only if all restaurants did that...I really think it's a nice way to make customers feel appreciated...and special. I didn't break the bank or anything as all I had was a sashimi bento box...and that too came with salad and sunomono and rice...oh my all that for $ 21.00 or so...unbelievable...the sushi joint near my place coudn't do that for at least $ 45..The service is downright impeccable...everytime..and I'm not easy to please..well I can be a real bitch at times after working ten years in the hospitality industry..Well Stingray always makes me feel like a VIP no matter if I go there once in a blue moon or just haven't been there for a while..so yes when I think of sushi and Japanese food  in general, Stingray is worth driving the extra distance and time...and they've also got a great happy hour....yes, FIVE stars all the way...!...and that's a rarity for me...
4	Great decor, fresh tasty sushi. I ordered the spicy crab, mango tango, and stingray all delicious. I will definitely return.
4	Good selection of rolls and appetizers.  We had several for the table and all of them were fresh and delicious.
3	I think this bartender there named Chelsea was on the casting couch, not a great performance but always interesting to see a minor celebrity
3	Service was mediocre and it wasn't too busy for a Saturday night. We ordered tuna nigiri, spicy tuna rolls and the king crab. Crab was good but the spicy tuna rolls were small and nothing special. The tuna nigiria was also pretty standard run of the mill. If I'm going to spend that kind of money would rather go elsewhere though like Sakana.
3	I have only been to this particular location. I will say that I like this place over RA, but once again I come for the atmosphere and drinks. Nothing fancy about the sushi... it's not bad but it's not the best. Great for a after work get together, or a casual date.
5	One of the best sushi places around. There isn't a bad roll on the menu. Great atmosphere, great service. Doesn't send off the typical Scottsdale "douchey vibe." A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for it.
2	My husband and I had lunch at Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale Quarter today.  His office is in Kierland Commons and so we usually stay on the West side of Scottsdale Road for lunch but we decided to try something different since it was my birthday.It all started out ok- our waitress asked if we would like water so I asked for water with lemon- still good- My husband had the Sashimi Bento Box Lunch and I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass Special.   She asked my husband if he would like Tempura to go with his Bento Box- so we added that on.She actually asked if we wanted Edamame to start- sure Why not?She did not ask if we wanted any thing else to drink so OK -we'll stick with water.Our meals arrived- The Bento Box was fine.  The Chilean Sea Bass was just that and no more- about a 3 ounce portion with Baby Greens as a garnish on top.  The Sea Bass had a good flavor and for a lunch portion at $16 that was about the portion size I expected but maybe they could add a scoop of rice.Since my lunch did not come with any sides (and none were offered as a suggestion when ordering) I had some of my husbands Tempura which was not good- 1 red peppers slice, 1 green bell pepper slice, and 1 Sweet Potato slice and a Mushroom all fried in Oil that definitely needed to be changed.The waitress asked how everything was and I said-"Uh its Okaaay."  And she chirped "Oh- Good!"  and walked off with a chuckle.My husband offered up some of his rice and salad from his Bento Box so I rounded out my Chilean Sea Bass with that and our Waitress actually came by and said "Oh that wasn't enough food for you?"   WOW!!  I'm 5'11 and size 8 so not overweight but definitely offended by that comment!Our waitress did not ask if we would like dessert but by this point we didn't expect her to.So would I go back?  If I really wanted to stick to a diet and felt like I could take an insult it wasn't horrible but NO, I would not go back!
4	Great place for Sushi!!! Everything was very fresh. Love the atmosphere and front door!! Took me a minute to find it and figure it out! Total Duh moment! LOL .. I love Scottsdale Quarter to begin with but this just puts the icing on the cake for me. Nothing like a great sushi lunch after shopping with the girls!
2	Great looking restaurant.  It was very clean and provides a great atmosphere in line with the Scottsdale culture.  We were greeted promptly and sat according to our preference.  Our waitress came by in a reasonable amount of time to take our drink order.  After she took our drink order it took and excessive amount of time for her to come back for our food order.  My wife and I gave her our food order specifically requesting soy paper instead of seaweed stating the fact that I don't like seaweed.  Our food arrived in an appropriate amount of time.  One of the rolls, the dragon roll, came out with seaweed, and we had to send it back.  We had to ask were the tempura shrimp was in the tempura shrimp roll.  The ratio of shrimp to crab and cucumber was way way off.  As far as the food itself the size of each piece of sushi is 3 to 4 times the size of any normal sushi roll.  This made it impossible to eat with chopsticks in one bite.  I enjoy sushi for the combination of flavors in each piece of sushi and to have to eat a piece on multiple bites makes it so you only get part of the ingredients per bite.  The bill, yikes!  They uncharged $1 for the soy paper which is normal.  Almost $70 for 3 rolls at lunch time!  Overall, the food was mediocre, the size of the rolls was abnormal, the ratio of ingredients was way way off, the price was high, and the service was terrible.
1	Overpriced. Terrible service.  Poorly designed/portioned rolls.  The only pluses I can think of are the location and the decor.  Lovely patio.  We stopped by for a quick lunch and ordered three rolls.  We requested all rolls to be made with soy paper instead of seaweed - a common request that has never been an issue at any other place.  Two rolls came out just fine... the third?  Under the soy paper was a whole second layer of seaweed.  What?  Okay, whatever... mistakes happen.  Unfortunately, our server was just dumb about it - "Oh... I didn't know you didn't want seaweed..."  Really?  You didn't know that is why we made sure we ordered all three rolls without it?  And then, even after having to wait another 15+ minutes for a newly prepared roll to come out... they didn't give any kind of discount for our trouble... oh no... they actually just re-rang the bill to make sure that they UPcharged us for that soy paper.  Fail.  We won't be back.
3	Coming to a restaurant located in the Scottsdale quarter, is surprisingly off for the night. Although the atmosphere is relaxing and entertaining, the service was not up to my expectations. The server lacked knowledge of the menu, we asked multiple times for water refills, which knowing Arizonans is a must. The only positive critique I can say is that the food and drinks are delicious. If the staff would be willing to invest a little time getting familiar with their menu, and being more attentive with service, I would gladly recommend this establishment.
5	My absolute favorite happy hour in Scottsdale.  The setting is hip and modern, and happy hour is actually at a decent time from 3-7 pm.  I love the spicy tuna rolls, octopus nigiri, salmon nigiri, Hamachi Kama, and my wife's favorite their calamari tempura.    One indulgence that we go for pretty much every time were here is their chirashi as well.  At only $19, it is the perfect plate to share as you munch contently on all of the other great stuff.  Another great dish they serve here is the Ama Ebi.  Just a quick dip in boiling water, and then off with the shell and served on a pillow of sushi rice along with the deep fried crunchy head!  Excellent.  For around $9 its pricy for 2 bites of food, but it shows that this place isn't just about the decor.  There is some real talent being displayed here in this dish, and it's one that not a lot of sushi places in the valley do. The salmon skin roll here is also one of my favorites, to the horror of my server who tried to talk me out of it.  Either way, this place made me leave Ra across the way because I like the food better here.  The environment is also a lot better if you're wanting to have a an upscale experience for under $50 per person.
4	Exellent Sushi.. extensive menu.  The only reason for just four stars is the lackluster servants who look not quite professional.  If they worked on that one aspect it would be truly great sushi place.
2	Bad service. Okay food. Good atmosphere. More show than quality. The family and I only came here since True Food Kitchen was too busy.
2	I've been to both Stingrays a few times.The ambiance is nice, but that's about it.On a good night, the sushi is average at best.  If you want quality sushi, look elsewhere.
1	Two years ago it was ok. A year ago it was declining. Had a table for eight last night and it became a comedy of poor service and barely average sushi. We sat near the door and watched four groups give up and leave because of the wait while there were many open tables. Add that it took 20 minutes to get the first drink and it was wrong and the hits just kept coming. Sad because the qtr is great place to go but I'll go to Sushi Brokers for sushi from now on.
2	Stingray used to be my go to sushi joint... I don't know what's happened to make them go down hill so fast! The last two times I have been there the food has been mediocre at best, service totally so-so and felt beyond rushed. And on my last visit I had to send our Yellowtail roll back because it was so fishy that I had a serious concern for my health. The waitress seemed annoyed that we wanted to send it back and didn't want to replace it with a new roll. On the upside, if there really is one is that they have one of the best happy hours around. Which honestly is the only reason I have been back. Oh and they have amazing cocktails, my fav is the Kiwi Collins. I just wish that they would improve the quality of their food and their the attitudes of their servers.
2	The Olde Towne location is flawlessly managed.  Even when busy, the staff seems to be completely on their game so much a customer is still made to feel special.  WHAT is wrong with the Scottsdale Quarter space?  It certainly has the usual Sam Fox stunning style.  The food, ONCE IT ARRIVES (!), is great too.  Why is the North Scottsdale space so lacking in good service?  I have been here three times.  Twice it wasn't busy, and I was made to feel as if my server was doing me a favor by condescending to wait on me without smiling.  The third time was at a peak weekend rush, and not only did the three different waitresses I had seem utterly confused, one actually got angry at me when I quietly asked why my appetizers hadn't  arrived after half an hour.  True Food Kitchen is also a Fox Concepts restaurant in the same shopping center, and it's perfect.  Please, Mr. Fox, fix this mess soon!
4	I have visited twice here during happy hour a will absolutely return. We had two spicy rolls (yellowtail and tuna), salmon and yellowtail nigiri, and a dragon roll with a sake bomb and mixed drink and our tab was only $35!! What a steal. The sushi was great only complaint was the spicy rolls did look a bit sloppy. My wife loved her Tokyo Stock Exchange (mixed drink with vodka  ginger basil and lime). Service was attentive but defiantly did not seem thrilled in any sense to be at work. Will definitely return for happy hour when I'm in the mood for some good cheap sushi and drinks!!
1	Chicken meals here are uncooked. Slow service. Gets super busy and servers pick and choose who they would rather cater to first, like the single guy compared to the family. Gets way too loud in here. The door to get in is ridiculous and every time i've gone here people don't know how to even open in. Rude servers, left no tip. I suggest to not come here unless you liked uncooked food, sloppy sushi displays and servers/hostess that look like sluts and have extremely rude mannerism.
1	Very disappointing service. We put in our order at 6:40, received 1/2 of it 30 minutes later, and the rest came 1 1/2hrs after we first placed our order! We were a group of 3, we went straight to the bar and stood behind 1 empty chair. We asked for menus, the bar tender took our drink order, brought menus then ignored us until she brought our drinks. I gave her our sushi order and she snapped back that she couldn't serve us food unless 2 seats were open.  The people to each side of our group all expressed their sympathies for her bad attitude, this was the first I ever heard of this protocol. We were there for a total of 2 hrs just for drinks and appetizers. As it turned out she forgot to ring in part of our order which is  why it took so long to come out, she never acknowledged her mistake nor apologized for the long wait. She lacked the customer service and didn't think to at least offer us water.
2	The food and drinks were good, but the service was beyond awful. Unfriendly waitresses were the norm. Plopping the menu's down on our table and leaving without a simple greeting or eye contact? I have never experienced that before and it was odd to view up close and personal. Will never recommend this place due to the wait staff and I am one that rarely complains or cringes when other people do at my table.
2	The ONLY reason I am giving this location 2 stars (which I am reluctant to do) is because of the food.  I was SO put off by the HORRIBLE service we received I couldn't even believe it......We went in on a Friday night, between 8 and 9, with my boyfriend and a friend.  We expected it to be packed, it was dead as a doornail.  Was greeted by a server.  She couldn't answer any questions about the drinks.  Fine, whatever.  Maybe she's new.  We decided to each order a signature cocktail and my boyfriend ordered a vodka martini.  We sat there for literally 20 mins with no drinks.  FINALLY the server comes back, still with no drinks, to tell us the drink I ordered, that the bar was out of one of the ingredients.  Fine, I order something else.When we FINALLY got our drinks 30 mins into being there, we ordered our food.  That was brought out piecemeal, fine we weren't fussy. The food was good.We cringed though everytime we needed to order a drink and actually ordered two at a time because of how long it was taking.  Our server disappeared to God knows where during the service, we had to ask a manager to get her, he didn't seem the least bit concerned about our service.  The bartender sucked too.  Believe me I am not blaming the server solely.  The bar obviously was slow too.I love Stingray, but will NEVER EVER EVER go back to that location.
5	Best sushi ever! (Sorry JJ) You can't beat half price rolls and appetizers until 7 pm either. Totally going back.
1	I don't think I've ever eaten at a worse sushi restaurant than this. We decided to sit outside as it was a nice day, but all of the plates were dirty on the table. We thought maybe it had something to do with sitting outside and the wind and asked for new plates and were brought a second set of dirty dishes. Then we ordered a selection of the cucumber rolls (the ones that use cucumber on the outside instead of seaweed). What a mistake! I mean, you can really taste the fish when their is no rice. The tuna was so awful and I am not sure how to describe it. It wasn't super fishy it just had this taste like it had gone bad. I am getting upset just thinking about it.Finally, the very worst part was the service. In a 2+ hour period we were maybe able to get a drink refill once and never able to order or get the check in a timely manner. I have no idea how this place is still open. Don't eat here.
5	Very neat place to go! Very trendy and classy. The food was good and there were a lot of options. My favorite thing is the hidden door in the wall. I had the spicy shrimp and another roll that was good too. We ate here today for a group lunch and had a blast. I would come back for sure. Our waitress was very nice and so was the hostess. *note* they only do group checks so we had to figure out how to split everything.
5	My husband and I had a fantastic experience here.  We're from Chicago and were visiting AZ last month when we came across this sushi restaurant in Scottsdale.The food was excellent!  Probably the best sushi and miso soup we've ever tasted.  The service was friendly, prompt and efficient.The prices were higher than what we're used to seeing for sushi, but since the food was so delicious the higher prices are worth it.The ambiance was really nice and quiet.   I really liked the fish tank they had underneath the floor.  It was a cool effect.  I will definitely be coming back next time we're in AZ.
3	I liked the restaurant creativity, the entrance door , the seating and the vibe the place gives. The chef from detroit is very engaging, and the staff is very friendly. Salmon, yellow tail and octopus were good , tuna, sea urchin and salmon roe were average, I hoped to get more sophisticated selection of sashimi and sushi.
1	Mediocre food and great service or exceptional food and mediocre service - that's palatable; however, when the food is mediocre and the service is negligent - on all counts from serving foods to drinks, that's unacceptable.  This restaurant needs to address poor management issues.A recent Friday visit (5/23) to Stingay Sushi for the first time for happy hour absolutely proved lackluster from start to finish.  The tempura batter rolls we ordered - the tempura was soggy and cold.  The next order, put in for two additional menu items, never arrived.  We asked our bartender/server about the tardiness of the order (30 minutes after ordering).   She wasn't aware we hadn't received our order.   She went to check on our order and informed us the rolls would be out in about 15 minutes.  Another bartender's excuse was, "The people over at that table ordered the same thing a long time before you did and they just got theirs."  That's a customer service explanation the management of this restaurant approves?  When did quality customer service become mundane to an establishment and unimportant?We opted, rather to wait another 15 minutes and pay an additional $20 for what likely would be around round of mediocre food and inferior service, to pay our bill and leave.  Our bartender/server rang up and handed us our tab which included the two menu items we ordered, but never received.  We informed her, no one ever served us the "30-minute plus wait" sushi rolls.  She told us she'd have to ask her manager to see if those items could be removed from the total of our bill.  We found it interesting that she questioned whether the cost of food, we never received, could be removed from our bill.The manager came to the bar area and adjusted the bill, but not once ever addressed our dissatisfaction over the long wait and lackluster service.  No apologies, no explanations - he just came, adjusted the bill, and left never looking at us.The bright side to such a poor dining experience at Stingray Sushi is that we left stillcraving good sushi.  And, we found it.  Not simply good sushi, extraordinary sushi with impressive service that kept step every moment throughout the culinary journey - Roka Akor.Happy hour at Roka Akor, in the bar area, with its superb service and splendid menu selections -- now that's palatable!Sharon BPhoenix, AZ
2	During our trip to Scottsdale we decided to try Stingray for lunch. The Decor was alluring. The restaurant has an interesting atmosphere. The service was just o.k. We ordered several rolls and a salmon bento lunch. Food was just o.k., the ginger dressing was not tasty the rolls did not have much flavor.  Worst of all was the stomach pain I developed. I could not have dinner that evening and the discomfort carried over to the next day. It was several days before my stomach felt normal.  Too bad, it's a cute place, I hope they can get it together and improve.
4	Overall I was really impressed. We just ordered off of the Sushi menu. It was super fresh and hit the spot. Our waitress was attentive and seemed like a cool person that cared about our table. Saki bomb with Sapporo, always a good choice. The only think that was a little "meh" was the decor. Looks out dated and too orange. I would go back for sure, though.
5	Great sushi selection & atmosphere. A good date night spot or fun place to go with the girls. The food is fresh & the service is good, one of our go to spots!
4	Came here after work one evening for drinks and sushi and had a pretty good time. We grabbed two seats at the bar and the bartender was great and had good recommendations for us. We had sake and shared a few rolls and sashimi, all of which were good. I'd probably return
2	We walked in around four thirty pm.  Maybe it was just a bad evening for them, but no-one greeted us at the door.  When a waitress did show up, she just waved her hand and said, " you can sit anywhere"  So we seated ourselvesWe were taken care of promptly, no problems there.  However when our sushi arrived, we had to ask for soy sauce, wasabi and ginger to be served with it.  The waitress seemed surprised that we wanted itOverall, the sushi was average.  The service was less than stellar.  The servers really need to step it up.  I won't be back.
3	Good food but not much flair or creativity. The people watching is the big plus. All in all if you want the best sushi experience, this is not it. I know this is short, but that's all this place deserves. It's not bad, but it's not good either.
4	Definitely has be come my go to sushi place.  It is not amazing but it is consistently very good. The service is always way above average.  This 5 a solid choice for your sushi fix.
1	Stingray sushi in the Scottsdale quarter has the worst management imaginable and I would deter anyone from EVER going there! I was a long time repeat customer, so much as going there daily even, and was there again one evening recently. I paid my bill but the girl that I was with did not. She tried to give them a gift card that she had won for playing some poker at El Santo which is owned by the same group and they would not let her use it, only when it was given to her, it was specified that it COULD be used at Stingray. She did not have the extra money and she was unable to pay without the use of this gift card. When I went back alone the next day they said that I couldn't dine there again even though I paid MY bill the day before! How fair is that? I was at their grand opening and practically every day thereafter! Stingray Sushi in the Scottsdale Quarter is the absolute worst sushi place ever just because of the incredibly horrible management. The Chinese guy is immensely a piss poor managerial figure! If anyone is at all thinking of going there for sushi I would beg you to reconsider! Stingray Sushi is a horrible place mainly because of the staff there, but also because their sushi has only gone up in price and the quality of it has gone down. If anyone is thinking of going there I would plead and beg you to go somewhere else. RA in Kierland is across the street and the people there are super nice and the sushi is big and really good! Just say no...to Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale Quarter!!!!!!!!
5	Stingray is consistent in their terrific quality of food and drinks. M-F from 3-7 is a great happy hour. You can't expect things to come out in 5 minutes when the restaurant and bar are busy.  Relax and enjoy the atmosphere and music. Great people watching. Fantastic patio. Delicious drinks. Friendly (and pretty!) bartenders and servers.
1	I'm so tired of their awful service!We went there on a Sunday afternoon at 2:30pm, so not at a prime time at all.  The restaurant was empty  yet it takes them over a half an hour to bring us our food.  We were a party of 2, ordered a caterpillar roll and a sushi plate.  A party of 3 came to the restaurant about 10 minutes after we arrived and and they received their food before we did.  This seems to be my experience every time we go there and I'm just tired of it.  It's no wonder the restaurant is empty every time we go there.  Your service is awful!!  I'm tired of it!  I will never go back there again.
3	We came here after the ASU football game. Tired and hungry, we were looking for a place to eat but all the restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter had a waiting line except Stingray. I dropped my family off and parked. Walking around Stingray, I couldn't find the entrance. My son had to do a search and rescue and open the front door for me. The front door looks like a wooden wall. Very deceptive. The inside was very modern looking and spacious. I had a really hard time with the menu cause I couldn't really decide. We always get sushi but nothing else seemed intriguing. So we started off with the rainbow roll and the dragon roll. I would have to say outstanding sushi. Very fresh just like it should be. Really good. For dinner, I just ordered the Vegetable Udon   It had yellow opinions, green onions, carrots, and mushrooms with of course udon noodles in a really dark soup. It was okay but salty. Nothing special about it. My wife, daughter, and mom all ordered the seafood udon. It was basically the same as my vegetable udon except it had seafood and tempura shrimp. Seafood was okay. Not great. So my wife wasn't too impressed. My son had the teriyaki chicken on a bed of vegetables. He liked the chicken and was satisfied. So overall, the food was okay. The sushi was very good. Another issue was their service. Our waitress came right away and brought us our drinks. We told her we weren't ready to order. The problem was trying to get her back. It took forever to track her down again. Poor service. Then after we ordered, the food took forever to get to our table. They had three sushi chefs and would assume our sushi would come out fast but it didn't.  Poor service. So I would have to say that their dinner menu (besides the sushi) is lacking. They should open up the menu and allow the bento boxes to be ordered during dinner. So great sushi, okay dinner, weak dinner menu, and down right poor service. No wonder this place is the only place not as busy in the Scottsdale Quarter in a Saturday night. Will we be back? I can say hands down probably not.
5	The happy hour here is just terrific. They have the best prices in all of Scottsdale. You can order a ton of cheap food and drinks for two for about 25-30 bucks. There are a couple of bartender chicks that just awesome..one has long dark hair, very pretty petite girl and just a totally great server.  She has been there a long time. I love sitting at the bar when she is working. She takes care of you so well. I have celebrated my last two birthdays here in the bar and I had the most awesome service. We had a nice table in the bar with about 10 people and they took great care of us. We started at 5 and had just gobs of food and drinks and I think we spent less than $200 bucks without tip. Plus they brought out free dessert as it was my birthday. This was just at Happy Hour, too! They were so accommodating, I cannot believe it.  The regular dinner items are really good also. I love the Big Eye tuna. And they have this noodle seafood soup that is just killer. The sushi rocks also. I really don't understand these negative reviews posted on the service. I have eaten here at least a dozen times and it has always been great. The manger always comes by and asks how everything is. Maybe it is because I usually go there with a larger party; I don't know. But from one person who has eaten at Stingray Quarter at least 30 times, I think you can trust my recommendation.
4	Happy hour at Stingray blows me away. It's normally a very expensive sushi place, so it's great that they offer such a great mix of things on their list. They have some of the best yellowtail sashimi in town and I love me some quail eggs. To get Happy Hour prices, go between 3-7. If you can't make it, it's still worth it. Sushi is great, but be prepared to spend some mulah.
5	One of my favorite sushi places. The waitresses are always on point and are engaged with what they do. The happy hour is superb and leaves little to be desired. Perfect corner location to soak in the sights of north Scottsdale, definitely a must visit place.
4	Very good Suishi. Came here at approximately 1pm for lunch. Service was good and food was on par with prices.I would recommend 4/5.
5	Great food and ambience.  This is a great place for girl's luncheon, date night, bday parties and more!  The food is consistent and the service is just right - not annoying but attentive at the right time.
5	Was in from out of town  and stopped  at the mall. Decided to try this for dinner  since we were there. It was about 5:30pm and we asked for outside seating because the weather was nice.  We were seated immediately by the  bar.  We discovered we were in time for happy hour and proceeded to order off the happy hour menu.  The cucumber sunomono was scrumptious  and I really  enjoyed the crispy spicy tuna roll. We also had three more rolls, all good and the Hamachi kama which my friend loved.  The  server was overwhelmed  (had a sick out and another gone for the holidays ) and our  food  came out sporadically and in no order but  the manager brought it out and very nicely  apologized and offered  to take a couple items off the  bill. They  ended up only charging us about half the price of the meal, which for  sushi made the meal downright cheap. That kind  of thoughtfulness made  the  slow  service a non issue and the manager 's friendly apology went a long way.Overall very good food,  happy  hour  prices extremely reasonable.  I'll try to come back next time I'm in town.
1	Made reservations through open table for my son and I to go after the Fiesta Bowl.  Got a call day of reservation to tell me they just started using open table and cannot take reservations for less than 6.  Since it was a mistake they cannot honor our reservation.  He went on to say they were going be busy for New Years Eve but we could walk in.  I told him we would find another restaurant.  What poor customer service, their fault but they are going to cancel our reservation.  I will never eat there again.
4	Stingray has a cool environment and great food in my opinion, but the service and a few issues need to be cleaned up. It's obvious they spent a ton of money on the interior and making it feel luxurious, so why do they always have a filthy doormat and the ladies room soap in a plastic salad dressing squirter? Some of the staff is awesome, and some need better training. But you can't beat this place for an easy lunch or happy hour prices
4	My favorite spot for consistently good sushi and interesting mixed drinks (and $2 warm house sake). A little too expensive during regular hours, but the happy hour menus are really good. They just changed the menus and times for happy hour and it's partly an improvement and partly not. Here's the breakdown:Happy hour times: M-F 2:30-6:30pm (earlier than before) and now ALL DAY Sunday (food discounts are the same and half off ALL drinks)Food: Half off food including all appetizers and all house maki rolls (i.e., the "normal" rolls most sushi places offer). New fish tacos (multiple options) are $2.50 each. Drinks: half off specialty drinks, wine by the glass, Kirin and Kirin bombers, and vodka drinks. It's definitely more than worth the price even if you order a lot. Went here with a friend for dinner and we shared three rolls, edamame, and she had 1 specialty drink. Grand total with tax was just under $20.
