3	Just went today for the first time.  Unsure when they opened officially but I think it is within the past two weeks (still some minor construction going on.)There was a pretty standard espresso bar menu with a couple of brewed coffees, six loose-leaf tea options and four kind of sad looking scones/muffins/pastries.  They looked sad mostly because they were all alone, one each on a big white plate in a big glass case.  I guess they are touting the fact that their menu is short and sweet... it is just kind of awkwardly short and sweet, oh well.This is part of the new building that UPMC Bloomfield-Garfield takes up a big part of with some sort of housing on the upper floors.  The space is by far the highlight and is deserving of five stars itself.  There are huge south facing windows that allow for loads of natural light spilling onto new arm chairs and ottomans.  This is the kind of place you could come to really get some work done if you needed to.I will probably re-rate eventually as it is close to my house in Friendship and I foresee many trips in the future.  I am hoping to see outdoor seating in the warmer months.
2	1st impressionenjoyed some high end Earl Gray tea. The tea is great and the shop has a comfortable Scandinavian ambiance. But why is this noteworthy? Although I live a few blocks away this section of Penn Ave has been blighted for some time. At this moment I am looking across the street at some boarded up store fronts that were tacked onto the front of a beautiful late 1800's Victorian.  I wish them the best but I am not sure the foot traffic here is ready for $2 cups of coffee. But I love small business and I will do my part to help them make it. 2nd impressionMy wife and her friend (first time Voluto customer) had a bad experience today at Voluto Coffee. They went there with the kids (two 3.5 year olds and a 18 month old) and left pissed off.  Obviously we understand that it is not particularly intended to be a kid friendly joint with the Scandinavian minimalist design.  However it is in a family neighborhood and it was the middle of the day.  So they got some coffee and treats and were hanging out for some time while the kids explored the shop.While they were there some people came and went.  At one point a couple came in (younger hipster types) and stayed for half an hour, on the way out the man commented to the owner that she should control her customers????  The guy approached my wife and made some snide comments about watching kids run around while (not) enjoying his coffee - whatever - and that he was having a business meeting.  I have had many business meetings in public places interruptions are the risk you run.After he left the owner (her name escapes me) came over and asked my wife and her friend to keep the kids from throwing things?  I am sure they were not throwing things.  I am sure they were moving around a lot and probably making some noise - but not too much.  Basically we are not going to go to Voluto for a while.  Eventually we will give them a second chance.  I hope he is an advocate like I was, I go out of my way to promote local business, but I also believe strongly in spreading the word if I have a bad experience.
5	I love Voluto. You should go there. Their iced tea is amazing. They have outdoor seating.  And free parking. And beautiful furniture. And free wi-fi. And great espresso. And lovely cups. And a cool bathroom. And sweet service.
5	Best little coffee shop in Pittsburgh.  I work nearby and I have to say they do everything right here. Coffee from 49th paralell looseleaf teas and the best chocolate chip cookies you will ever eat. Staff are friendly and will remember you and the space itself is beautiful. I honestly don't want to know how much money I have spent here haha.
4	My only complaints are that I wish they had longer hours and that the parking signage situation was worked out. I know when I'm working later into the evening I don't want to have to drive out of Garfield all the way down to C.M. in Bloomfield and deal with the clouds of cigarette-smoking hipsters and the other choice (not really a choice) is Starbuckos near Whole Foods - forget that! The coffee is awesome, the people are awesome, and they have a great place there - open, inviting, free of clutter but not sterile-looking - inviting I guess it the right word for it. I can't say enough about the coffee too - it's so good! I've taken several friends that are big-time coffee aficionados there and they love it too! They also have some food which I've had limited experience with but they source it all locally which is great!
5	I agree with others that this is by far the best coffee in Pittsburgh, and probably the best coffee I've ever had.  I'm by no means a coffee snob (I've always been pretty content with iced coffee from McDonald's a lot of days ;) but tried Voluto now that I work nearby, and I'm absolutely hooked.  I don't know that I can ever go back to 'regular' coffee, seriously.The atmosphere is very warm and relaxing, the women who work there are super-friendly, and the pastries are very good -- they have a small selection but everything is VERY fresh and tasty.Another thing I've noticed, and this seems small but to someone who loves iced coffee it makes a difference... there's nothing worse when you get an iced coffee than when it is brewed hot, then poured over small ice cubes... it's literally the recipe for lukewarm, watery coffee.  Voluto uses really big ice cubes, though -- and it sounds simple enough, but it keeps the coffee cold and pure-tasting for the rest of the afternoon at work.  I wish other places would do this.My only complaint, and I'd like to think it's more constructive criticism... I definitely understand that because of the process they use, you're not going to get your coffee as fast as you do at say... uhh...just off the top of my head... the McDonald's drive-thru.  I also get that that's exactly what makes the coffee so good, so I would not trade that.This being said, though, while I do agree the owners are very friendly and warm, there have been times when I have been the only person ordering (no one in front or behind me) and it's taken up to 4 or 5 minutes to get my coffee...and it wasn't just because of the process.  I generally have to skip them in the mornings when I'm in a hurry (which is most mornings), simply because, even going from the cash register to actually making the coffee, they often seem to just move really slowly. For example, one time, after I'd paid for my coffee, the woman who waited on me stood there organizing receipts from the last few customers (even though there was no one in front or behind me, so I imagine it probably could have waited until I left), then talked to another employee for a few moments, before going over to the counter to start my coffee.  I'm not suggesting at all that they should be in a frenzy like you see in the-coffee-shop-that-shall-not-be-named, but at ANY coffee shop, you are going to get clientele in the morning that are hoping for/needing a bit of a faster pace.  Again, it's fitting for a laid-back afternoon, which is often when I end up there, but in the mornings, it'd be cool if they...well... hustled a tiny bit more. This is not a big deal and did not stop me from giving it 5 stars, I just think it might be a good consideration for them about maintaining/increasing a 'before work' crowd.
4	I was only in Voluto for a very short time to pick up a drink to go. The decor inside is simple and modern. The only unfortunate thing is the air conditioning is rather loud when it comes on. I also wish they were open later, I'm the night owl type. Hopefully as this area of the city gets a little safer they will expand their hours.I ordered an iced coffee with vanilla, and I must say it was probably the best iced coffee I've ever had. And I've worked in a lot of coffee shops in my day. Of course, this superior quality came with a price...it was about $3.79 for the drink, which is rather high in my book but the quality definitely justified the price tag. The barista was friendly and the service was prompt. I hope to visit again soon to try some espresso beverages.
4	Nice little coffee shop on Penn in Friendship. Free WiFi, wide variety of indoor seating options & some outdoor as well. My soy cappuccino was good - on a par with those from other leading shops in the burgh. Carrot cake muffin was tasty & still hot although somewhat raw in the middle.
5	i like this place :)If I had not been spoiled with so many awesome awesome coffee shops that are really devoted to a cup of good coffee from head to toe (tazza, a mano, etc), I would have considered this is the best coffee shop i've been to. Their soy latte, tho, I still consider the best in town! When I had any of the owner ladies make your soy latte, I can't even tell by sight that it's soy.... I mean, I normally can tell by the texture from the milk foam.Love their espresso, their latte art (and thus the  consistency of the foam they make), and their design. It's like the shop and the coffee is a part of the owners' life and life style. A bit more serious then other local coffee shops I hang at tho.
5	Definitely one of the top 3 cups of coffee in pgh.
5	Voluto is the best coffee shop in pittsburgh and actually my fave anywhere.  it is beautiful inside. the building is leed certified.  The coffee is single source.  the desserts are all unique and local.  the girls who own are kind.  the bathrooms are immaculate. the design is modern, unique and yet not at all pretentious (which took me a couple of visits to realize).  Free wireless, a unique experience, a refreshing place to hang.  I'm a designer so it's vital.  it's also in an awesome neighborhood. I can't recommend it more.
5	I visit Voluto almost daily for a fabulous cup of coffee, latte or tea and a delicious cookie, croissant or muffin and one of their unique paninis for breakfast or lunch.  I am often on the run having to just head straight back to work but occasionally have the opportunity to sit and relax in the beautifully sun-filled shop and admire the latest installation of artwork on the walls.  Voluto makes me happy.  The owners and other employees are awesome- always friendly and always open to comments and feedback.  They seriously love what they do and want to provide the best quality food and drink to this here growing neighborhood, and it shows.
5	I am a big fan...previous impressions are erased and I enjoy going to Voluto a few times a week now.
5	The best espresso I have ever had, and I've had me a lot of espresso!That Synesso really is something (and so are their baristas!).For coffee, maybe try the Clover at 21st St.
4	Ah, Voluto. Visiting my wife in Pittsburgh, this place reminded us of home, San Francisco. It's totally something that you'd find tucked in the hipster part of the Mission, and to boot they have great coffee. They make each cup individually and w/ care and their effort is such that you can really tell the difference in terms of quality. Cool place -- stop by.
5	Great location, awful decor, decent espresso, snobby customers, nice employees, tasty baked goods, and the best lattes.These lattes are not great because of the espresso, which is decent, or the ability of the employees to eye the milk correctly, which is also decent; these lattes are great because they are homemade from the ground up.  not all of them of course, so ask which they make in house.  But the homemade lattes are the only flavored coffee drinks I've ever been able to drink.  Sounds snobby, kind of is, but they're that good.UPDATE: After having tried the sandwiches here, I just had to update this to say that they're fresh and tasty enough to compete with any other sandwich place in the burgh.
5	Best coffee I've had in Pittsburgh.  Coffee is ordered in small batches from 49th parellel roasters.  There's always several varieties of single origins available as french press or as a single hand pour over.  Every cup of coffee is fresh brewed via french press.  Weighed out precisely.  Ground fresh.  Made with specially filtered and precisely heated water.  The staff, owners, and costumers care about what they drink here and it shows up in the quality.Beautiful space with lots of light as well in an up and coming culinary neighborhood.
4	Cute, quiet coffee house on Penn Ave. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, and there's good indie music playing over a small set of speakers to keep some ambient noise without being distracting. The coffee selection is nicely edited, and the coffee is delicious. These hipster hippies know their coffee ;) I'm not sure that they have different sizes of most of their drinks, which is fine with me because I think it's weird to get 16oz of some coffee concoction. My cappuccino was a reasonable size, was carefully made, and tasted fantastic!
1	I have been to this shop twice. The women who run it are rude to their customers and my latte was burnt both times. I will admit that it's CUTE! Great interior and WiFi, but that isn't enough to make up for the attitude you receive and the awful lattes!
4	Wanted to end up at Quiet Storm but they were closed so Voluto's was recommended to me. I figured I'd try it since mostly I was looking for caffeine and coffee. The menu was small and I saw they had French press on there; I've never had a french press so I ordered that and a croissant. They make their coffees fresh so I waited a bit but I wasn't in a hurry. They brought it over to my seat and OMG it was HEAVEN. Wonderful! The smoothest coffee I've ever had. The croissant was good, too. The two baristas were wonderfully friendly and helpful. The place was clean and new; the large windows gave a lot of light. The only thing I wished was more seating... it was a little small. I had to sit at a long bar sized table with others. I would've liked to spread out more. Other than that, fabulous.
5	By far the best tea I've had, well, ever in the US.  They had a variety of loose leaf green teas--I've tried three kinds and all were excellent.  Tea is served in ceramic pots with about 1 and 3/4 cups of tea each, ranging in price from $2-5.  The green tea steeped with brown rice tasted crisp and absolutely delicious.  I couldn't decide which to try first, so I asked the man behind the counter, who was extremely helpful, for a recommedation.  I can't speak for the coffee, but it all looked to be French press (roasted by 49th Parallel).There are a few couches and some high smaller tables and a few longer tables inside as well as some outdoor seating.  The music wasn't too loud, to allow conversation or a nice study spot.
5	Great place. I had one of their newer baristas who had only been there about a month, and the blend shot of 49th parallel was well... unparalleled. Great shot, much better than the Intelligensia shot I had at 21st St. Coffee. Their iced coffee was also bold and had a chestnut-roast kind of aftertaste. Great looking place even though the surrounding area is sorta iffy. And... just gotta love the look of the groups exposed on the Synesso 3 group machine.
4	They served my iced chai in a glass.  Like, an actual glass glass.  You don't get those these days (what, am I like 80??). In the ye olden days of my life I was a Bucks Barista.  We USED to serve iced drinks in a real glass.  This was back in the day when the Bucks had a "small" coffee house vibe.  Gone are those days!  Come to think of it, do they even offer "for here" mugs for hot drinks anymore??  It's such a nice REAL coffee house perk to have that option!There's plenty of room to work for the day and the Internet is FREE!  Major perk!  The Barista here was also extremely nice and helpful when I asked her what kind of chai they served.  She didn't groan when I asked, like some jaded B's do.  It was an organic brand I had never heard of before and it was great!  Not too sugary and just the right amount of spice (forgive me for not remembering the brand!).  I was STARVING too with no lunch and noticed they carried Sustainable Rustic Bakery goods.  The B told me they are located in the Pittsburgh Public Market as well.  I picked up what looked like a massive size fig newton.  It was incredible!!  And made me feel much better about myself knowing that the ingredients are all natural.  Maybe not the best lunch option, but it was awesome....I'll def be hitting them up at PPM!Total plus: Rockin' tunes...I totes dig the vibe!
4	I'm ashamed to say that I just got around to visiting this coffee shop when it is in fact walking distance from where I live, but there we are. Voluto Coffee has a great ambiance and layout for kicking back and enjoying a good cup: a few bistro tables and chairs outside and areas of cushy chairs, a bank of bench seats, and a high-top counter at the window with bar stools. There's a lot of window in this place and the natural light is great, accenting happy-colored walls and lots of art from locals. Voluto also has free Wi-fi for customers, which I saw several taking advantage of on iPads and laptops. For those biking, there is a bike rack right outside of the door; for those driving, parking will be on the street.On to the most important part of the equation: the coffee! It is quite delicious, with that frothy creaminess I tend to expect out of a good brew of espresso. I had my standard latte to get my feet wet and judge their product on even terms. It was delightful and came with a little heart-shaped leaf like a philodendron designed on top. The price for the drink was a little higher than you would expect at, say, a Starbucks but was on par with other places like 21st Street Coffee and Tea. While I didn't partake in their other fare, I saw that they have a few options for breakfast and lunch items, such as small sandwiches and baked goods. The girl next to me had a pain au chocolat, which looked as it ought to: dark and chocolatey in the middle and flaky on the outside. There is a nice selection of teas, chocolate drinks, coffees, and espresso drinks. There are also a few "sweet lattes" that they make in flavors of vanilla, cinnamon, or honey+cardamom, which I appreciate because--though I don't normally get sweet drinks--I go to cafes with friends and it can be awkward when a shop won't serve something so widely accepted in the US, making the cafe seem pretentious and you a party to that sentiment if you suggested the place (ahem, 21st street coffee, even though I love their products).For those in Pittsburgh or visiting, I would definitely suggest a stop here if you are looking for a good, hot drink. I will add it to one of my top rated coffee places in Pittsburgh that I've tried so far.
5	This place is dangerously good.  The mocha and vanilla lattes are incredible.  The house-made flavors are unique, delicious, and a welcomed change from the "big green chain."  The regular coffee is pretty good too.  At $2 for a 12 oz, it's a sweet deal.
4	So glad this place is right down the street from my apartment! Or am I? Could prove to be dangerous! I've only ordered the vanilla latte with skim milk, but it's been delicious both times! They make their syrups in house, which may be the secret to such a wonderful drink. Or maybe it's the fact that I get skim milk but they still manage to make it frothy and thick. I don't know, but who cares!  It's way better than Starbucks (never thought I'd say that because yes, I am a Starbucks fan) and I'll definitely be back for more. Bonus: It has free wifi, which is nice when you want to chill out there.
4	I love the coffee here. in a great building not too far from my workplace. My go-to coffee spot.
5	Voluto has become my favorite place in the burgh for coffee and one of Pittsburgh's hidden gems. It is a must stop every chance I get to visit Pittsburgh and something to look forward too after living away at school. The exterior of the shop is inviting and modern. It's located in somewhere different in the vicinity other than the usual forbes and fifth ave. The interior is very relaxing and inviting. On to Coffee... I opt for Voluto's latte's. They have a very artistic feel and look to them.  Plus they taste amazing. The flavor is very sharp and on point. The staff is friendly and welcoming and it's convenient that they take most credit cards, including American Express.
5	Who am I kidding? This place definitely deserves 5 stars! I've tried the white mocha and a regular coffee in addition to their vanilla latte, and both have been good. I hope they make their white mocha a staple instead of a holiday drink - I can't get enough of it!  And the thing I really like about this place -  they're consistently good each time I've gone.
5	This is not your every day coffee shop.  It reminds me a lot of the high end coffee shops of San Francisco.  They have a great variety of unique blends, with great flavors that they brew to order.  Its defiantly is the smoothest cup of coffee I've had in Pittsburgh.  Their hot tea is also very good.  It comes your own personal pot with a serving tray (super fun).It is a little expensive for a daily habit, but for a special treat or if you're in the mood to savor your cup of joe, this is the place to go.
4	Great coffee, great tea selection (love their yerba mate). Baristas are really sweet. Free Wifi is always a plus (and there's no time limit). The pastries look really good and they have vegan cookies, some sandwiches and I think pastries from Sustenance. I've never had trouble finding a place to sit and it's never too loud to read or study. Overall, a great little coffee shop for both their drinks and ambience.
4	Voluto recently changed ownership to the great (but not quite as awesome) Common Place coffee roasters.  Gone is the wonderful 49th parallel coffee and the wonderful conversation with the owners. In its place is a very nice coffee shop, with good (not awesome) coffee. Also a nice slice of apple pie.
2	Hopefully the service improves with time
3	Voluto is okay. It's better than Crazy Mocha, but not nearly as good as Espresso A Mano, Tazza D'Oro or 21st Street. I found it to be more expensive than those other shops and the coffee just didn't taste as good. I suppose it's alright if you're on foot on Penn Ave and waiting for the 88...of course you could always just take the 71A up the street into Highland Park to get to Tazza or the 88 to 37th and walk down to A Mano. Your choice.
3	5-star for baristas but 3-star for coffee beans after changing the ownership. I just cannot love the commonplace coffee bean, sorry :( It's somehow has a taste of ash to me. Had a skim latte that I order everywhere (except 21th, which doesn't serve skim). Had to say the barista controlled the skim milk foam VERY well! It doesn't have the problem that many places have to make the skim foam too firm. Its runny and creamy therefore the double rosetta in my cup is tender and elegant.Also thumb up for their lavender brownie!Sigh...only if they can use some other beans and I will love this place....
4	I can't believe I haven't yet reviewed Voluto considering I've been there bunches and had my photography up in their cafe for several months. The two owners are very nice--these ladies are your neighbors, folks. Amelie was very friendly and nice about letting me hang my photography there. The coffee beans are sourced from wonderful roasters--I do believe they recently switched to Commonplace--a local Pittsburgh cafe. When I "go-out" (a rarity) for coffee I always get a cappuccino breve. The baristas can be a little hit or miss--mostly hit. The last time I was there, he knocked it outta the park and I told him so. Voluto is cute, has delicious coffee/espresso, they play good music, and it's local. That's enough, right?
4	In sum, excellent REAL coffee. If you compare this place to Starbucks you have no idea what you are talking about. This is how coffee is suppose to taste.I live nearby. I've driven by this place many times and have been meaning to stop. Sadly, I have been roped in to other coffee spots before, left with a lighter wallet, and a bitter sad palate. This was not the case today. Voluto coffee is amazing. Bravo on serving Commonplace Coffee. Great beans and a amazing roast. Local beans done right. Love it.
3	Voluto serves Commonplace Coffee, which is, hands down, the best coffee in Pittsburgh.  Voluto is a great space with lots of light and super comfy chairs.  I love their high-tech ipad checkout system.  I was, however, a little disappointed with the service and my drink.  My friend and I ordered a latte and a capuccino, and when they came out on the counter we weren't informed which was which (we figured it out without asking, but still).  And, sadly, my latte was lukewarm.  I was disappointed, but will try again next time I'm on Penn Ave.
4	Voluto Coffee has been on my hit list for a while and I'm glad I finally got to it. This is a really great spot. Modern yet comfortable decor w/ pops of orange and light blue. Plus there is some outdoor seating outside. It is a bummer that parking is only street but on the flip side this means that the place can be a quiet refuge since not everyone can access. I tried a latte based on their recommendation and while I take it usually with skim mine was made with whole milk and was delicious. The espresso itself enjoyable and had distinct flavor.
4	I am a fan. I came here this morning prior to a class across the street at the Pittsburgh Glass Center, and was reminded of why I like this place so much. It is a nice, quiet place to do some reading or catch up on email. And the best part - they have great coffee! They definitely take their time making it, but you just have to appreciate this as part of the experience, and enjoy your wait.In the past, I have gotten a scrumptious little tart that has cinammon baked into the crust, but they didn't have those today. I will be back next week, so hopefully they have them then!
5	Easily one of the best coffee shops in Pittsburgh. Great coffee, great staff. And the PASTRIES. Megan Drew of Drew's Pie Supply is baking here, and her stuff is phenomenal. (Some previous reviewers have mentioned high prices; the prices have come down a bit since Commonplace took over.)
3	Voluto coffee is *VERY* good, and as a former barista I tip my hats to their baristas bc they are fantastic!I only wish Voluto had more hours.  They are open at 7am, which makes it one of my favorite spots to grab a coffee and pastry before heading to work, but they are only open until 7pm.  I wish they had later evening hours.Great location, excellent vibe inside--this is a great place to get comfy, and read a book.
5	I love Voluto and Commonplace. I'm kind of a study nomad, moving around between different coffee shops and libraries throughout the week, and I tend to frequent either Voluto or Commonplace (in Squirrel Hill) almost every day. The coffee and espresso drinks are always great, the baristas are super nice, and the space is really conducive to studying or for talking. Megan makes awesome pastries, and the sandwiches from E2 are also really great. There are plenty of places to sit, lots of plugs, and people are also really nice.One of the best things about Voluto is that there is an entire wall that's basically floor to ceiling window. The sunlight comes in and is incredibly soothing, especially when you know it's freezing outside.I think my only complaint is that I wish they were open more!
5	This is my go-to favorite coffee shop in PGH.  Awesome ambiance (modern, minimal) and not too much noise.  Plenty of parking in the back.  Good latte art and the homemade pop tarts are a must!  If only I could actually work in coffee shops I would be here a lot more often!
4	Finally made it here and so glad I did! I had both a cortado (like cappuccino but less milk) and a brewed coffee and both were very good. I spent a couple hours here doing some work and the atmosphere is comfortable and the wifi fast. All the glass and windows let plenty of light in and made for a good view of life on Penn Ave. Baristas were nice and overall a great experience.
4	Voluto is great. It's not as cheap as some of my other Pittsburgh favorites, and I find the setup a little bit cramped (but beautiful--they do a great job with the space they have) but the latte I had there may have been the best I had in Pittsburgh. It was really, really delicious and served with a smile. I've also had a hazelnut sunflower seed cookie, which was unique and tasty. I did, however, have a pretty disappointing cilantro italian soda. It sounded perfect and refreshing for a sweltering day, but it actually just tasted like seltzer. The service can also be a little slow, but the staff is friendly and this is a great place that I like to stop into whenever I find myself in the area.
5	I don't talk a whole lot so it takes a while for me to get to know anyone. Somehow, I know just about everyone at Voluto and they are all fantastic people.Friendly staff and great coffee aren't always your hand-in-hand pals [and I mean GREAT, as in locally roasted, 'craft', whatever] . In fact, want to read some great rants? Check out most new-school coffee shop Yelp pages.Not the case here. They make great coffee accessible. They have awesome, freshly baked pastries, and have a good selection of teas and juices for the non-caffeinated.
4	Thumbs up for Voluto. Thus far, the best coffee I've had in Pittsburgh. The barristas are friendly, and though the prices are above average, you get what you pay for. My only issue with this place is the atmosphere. The building it's in is very store-front-strip-mallish, and it's usually crowded. Also, there really isn't any set-up-camp-and-study-for-a-few-hours type of seating, but you can't have it all.
5	I love that I can find Commonplace Coffee here. A great, low key option for studying, except it's difficult not to order a second, or maybe a third, soy latte. Voluto is a great addition to the East End. I really can't get enough!
4	I'm very lucky to live in a city with such an abundance and diversity of neighborhood coffee shops. On any day, I can wake up and decide to go to a couple dozen or more places to sit and work (which I'm doing more and more of as I write my dissertation). I've been to Voluto a couple of times before, and my one major complaint before was that the hours were ~9-5 business hours. However, I stopped in this morning and actually writing this review from here now- the hours have expanded to 7pm, which is great. The coffee here is good- subtle, not very strong- and the tasty treats are good (except no bagels (!), which I love). I like the space a lot, right by Verde, one of the coolest new hip restaurants in the area, and windows cover the entire front side of the space. The decor is pretty minimalist/modern/industrialist, which is quite different from the typical homey, cozy, warm couchiness of most other local coffee shops. I like how they've carved out a new place and vibe here. And who can beat $1.25 for a cup of coffee with $.75 refills? I'm definitely staying for a while, and I will definitely stop in a few more times in the future.
5	This is my favorite place in Pittsburgh for delicious coffee, friendly service, and great atmosphere.  The coffee itself is delicious-- I was a barista for 6 years and am picky about my espresso drinks, and theirs are always consistent.  They also offer delicious homemade syrups (try the honey cardamon!) and the baristas are warm and personable...  not the scary too-cool-for-school kind.
5	As a coffee lover who lives less than a 10-minute walk away, it's embarrassing that it's taken me this long to discover one of Pittsburgh's best coffee shops. Voluto is now my go-to morning coffee stop, thanks to their incredibly well-crafted coffee and espresso drinks and friendly baristas who know the product inside and out. And while they could school you on bean sourcing, roasting methods, and exotic blends, they're not the type to roll their eyes if you ask for a bit of cream. A bright, friendly space offering a top-notch product.
4	Great cafe, cool staff, kinda yuppie and hipster scum but nice neighborhood and whatnot.
5	Another local place for some coffee. It's in the new part of east liberty. Support your local small coffee shops. Try the lattes and the good bake goods. Great atmosphere and a sea of laptops around. Great place and you should come here.
5	Commonplace is anything but. A charming place to meet up for social or professional engagements, friendly staff, and a modest menu with a range of options to satisfy the budget conscious caffeine junkie and the bourgeois connoisseur alike.
4	I do not find the layout or seating of Voluto to be very comfortable, and maybe its ambiance and customer base are just a tad bit too serious for me. Yeah, it feels like an office; a pretty cool office that is employed by nice, modern, apple using, yet innovative, doing-more-than-just-Facebook, like maybe even Tumblr or Cliodynamics, people. But I find monumental comfort in knowing that I can walk in here any day and get an absolutely perfect soy cappuccino. The best. Seriously.
5	Friendly folks, great coffee. Always multiple beans available on pour over, all from their roaster a couple miles away. Nice work atmosphere, a couple standing tables, busy and hipster but not too busy or hipster.
5	You can find almost everything you want for a good coffee house here! They provide a good selection of coffee and tea. The place is not very large, but it is full of natural lights and the design is simple yet modern. I wish they could provide more different options of pastries.
