5	The Cue Club is my favorite spot on Mill. There are a cluster of pool tables and big screen TV's in the back and music bumps throughout the bar. The crowd is laid back and the drink specials are superb. On top of that, you can order food from Bison Wiches and the Cue Club staff will run over and bring your food back to you. That is what I call going the extra mile.
2	not a bad joint, but the crowd tends to be too college for me.they used to have a lot more pool tables, and now calling it a cue club for two tables seems misleading.the music on weekends is usually top 40s with an emphais on hip hop, and they play accompanying videos on the big screen tvs behind the bar. i imagine this switches up to sports during the day or weekday nights.drinks prices are average. the line to get in late on fri and sat not a big deal, goes pretty quick and possibly a small cover ($3-$5).
3	The crowd was a little young.. I went on a Friday night.. It wasn't super packed so that was good.  They were playing better beats at the spot next door, Zuma.. Cue club is a cool place if you're looking for a casual spot just to hang out..
3	This place is a zoo on weekends. You'll find scantily-clad college co-eds and frat boys galore at this casual pool hall/lounge which features 10 pool tables and a small dance floor. Drinks are cheap -- beers are about $3 and well drinks are usually around $4 or $5. And Long Island's seem to be the drink of choice among the ladies.
4	Another average MIll Ave Frat bar. -2(standard -2 right off the bat)I went once for a friend's birthday on a Friday. Packed is the word. It's a pretty big place, long. They were already on a table when I got there. I didn't pay for anything the whole time I was there so I can't comment on prices. I was drinking Sierra Nevada and it was tasty as usual. It was def the co-ed crowd, but what do you expect. Lot's of Frat boys in plaid shorts and too many popped collars. Lot's of girls in yummy, way, too short skirts, I was kinda surprised actually at the number of girls, ha.+1
3	Eric P 2000 = Whoa!  This place is BANGIN**Eric P 2008 = Um, okay let's get a beer and goThe Least Common Multiple = people grow up and stop going to college bars rife with knuckleheads, schmucks, tricks, and flakes who make you feel old for having shoes without scuffs on them.  If you are -21, have at it.  If you've developed some advanced moxie, I'd skip it for other bars on Mill.** or whatever early 2000s term I used back then
3	There are equal amounts of good and bad at this bar. Weekends are definitely very packed and you should be prepared to wait in line if you are arriving after 10pm. Also, if you are going to play pool, you should know that the tables normally stay full the entire night so arrive early and reserve your table. It is a fairly narrow bar so you will probably be spending a lot of time trying to navigate through people... but once again this problem can be solved by arriving a little early and getting a table which comes with a cocktail waitress so you will not have to fight your way to the overcrowded bar! The music is pretty decent, playing a mixture of rock, pop, and rap/r&b along with accompanying music videos on a number of TVs and even a large projector screen in the pool area. I think this is a nice touch and gives you something to stare at when you aren't looking at all of the attractive 20-somethings (haha). This is definitely a bar for the college crowd and the drinks are very moderately priced. I prefer the $4.50 long island iced teas which are packed full of alcohol and will last you for a good hour! Two of those and you gals should be good to go! If you decide to go on an off night, Mondays are wonderful! $2 beers, open pool tables, and all the room in the world to walk around makes it a great date spot for you and your honey to have a kick-back time.
4	Between 3 and 4 stars, depending on when you go...Previous reviews are dead-on for weekend nights, this place fills up with douchebags - that's why we're usually long gone by then, before the college crowd and the bathroom attendants show up, and the prices go up.Me and my work buddies have been known to head over Fridays after work for a few hours. This is the time to go. Tables are cheap, and there are plenty to choose from. Service is fast, and the drinks are cheap and strong.
3	One of the more crowded and more popular places on Mill, but sometimes it will take 10-15 min to get a drink. Fun place to play some pool and have a few drinks. The long islands are strong and will make your knees loose after a few. Overall not too bad of a place but just short of 4 stars.
3	I went here on a friday night, and the place gradually got more and more busy. By the time we left at midnight, it was really packed. The pool table area was pretty crowded, but there was enough space to play.The only complaint I have about Cue Club, was that the cocktail waitress only came by maybe once an hour. We went searching for her pretty often. When it was time to leave and close out our checks, it took close to a half hour to find her and get it settled. Kind of annoying.The drinks were good, and pretty cheap. The music was loud enough to dance, and I liked the projection screens playing the music videos.
4	Solid spot for a saturday night.  Perfect for our golfing foursome, after a full day out on the courses, we spilled into this pool hall for what we thought would be a mellow dessert course.  instead, a half a game of golden tee... turned into a competitive game of 8-ball.  the reward for each doubleyou ('W')... an arrbeevee (RBV = red bull vodka).  double!  lots of talent on the tables.
1	This place is the worst.I went around ten on Saturday night and it was packed.  It seems the place is intended to cater to rapey, Nickelback-loving, popped-collar misogynists and the women who love them.  There is no place to sit, no place to talk (because it is LOUD) and zero ambience.  To its credit, though, I was served quickly (because there were like 3000 bartenders) and it wasn't that expensive, but it would take much, much more than that for me to ever return to rape-central again.
4	This place gets packed on Fridays and Saturday, and the tables right in between the bar and the tables against the wall do not help.That being said, come here and get a Long Island Iced Tea. Call me a creature of habit.. but I would always start my nights on Mill here before heading elsewhere. The bartenders have made thousands of these and they're pretty good at it by now!
3	I want to hate on this place because ASU is covered in docuhe-nip, but that isn't the Cue Club's Fault and for business sakes, they are making a killing.The place has really nice tables, good cues, which is a commodity in the pool scene, and a pretty good bar/tap.During "on" nights, the table renting fee can be  pretty steep, but it attracts so many coed drones that they may as well charge a lot cause mommy and daddy are footing the bill.  If I could rate the place separately from the crowd I would give it 5 stars, because it is one of the best kept pool halls I've been too...  The problem is mix the -10 star crowd rating and 3 stars is generous.Come here on a weekend night if you are looking for a 3 hour wait for a pool table, the lowest iq to head count ratio known to god, an undeserved fist fight, and an std.  This place is gonorrheal.
3	$3 Long Island Iced Teas. Do I need to say more? Yes? Okay, fine... I don't think there is anything wrong with this place if you are into getting drunk for cheap, playing pool, watching sports and hanging with the bro-ha's... which evidently by my 3-star rating I am not, or on this night I was not, interested in. The drinks were really good. I ended up putting back at least 1.5 Long Islands. It would have been more if my friend Rose wasn't alternating sips with me. Hopefully she doesn't have mono ha ha The bathrooms were clean and let me know about the myriad of "ladies nights" they have, but unfortunately both the women's and the men's bathrooms are in plain view of the bartender and other patrons, so I was unable to sneak in one of them and give Dallas the business. Maybe that is why I was so disgruntled? The only reason we came here was because we were in a large group and some of the members thought it would be fun. In a group setting, sure. But I wouldn't hit this bar up alone. Not that I go to bars alone. Usually. At least no more than once a week, anyway.
4	If you like long long teas, Tokyo teas, AMF's this is your place all of them $3. I would give 5 stars but my friend started puking later that night.  I would go there again.
4	I went  here with my girlfriend on the Thursday before Memorial Day, during a time when ASU wasn't in session.  Cue Club was one of the places on Mill Ave that wasn't completely dead, but at the same time it wasn't overly crowded, either.My girlfriend and I had a seat at the bar and received attentive service from the bartenders.  We enjoyed watching the cheesy videos and whatnot on the TV screens behind the bar. I had a "Four Peaks" beer (something I had never tried before), which was quite delicious.  I was very surprised when I was charged only $2.50.  I don't know if it was on special or if that's how much they normally charge.In any event, on Friday and Saturday we scoped out Mill Avenue again, and Cue Club seemed to be packed to the gills, so we went elsewhere.  If I were still in college (or still in law school), then this would likely be the type of bar I would go to on Saturday nights.  However, at my ripe old age, I will pass on Cue Club on the busy nights.   Nonetheless, when I move to Tempe this fall, I anticipate coming back here again on off nights to enjoy a cold beer and the lack of pretense that only a dive bar can offer.  I couldn't imagine going on a Saturday night unless I wanted to feel young again (which happens every so often), or unless one of my "fratty" friends visits me from out of town and wants to get a feel for the ASU party scene.
4	This was the first bar I went to on Mill Ave. A sort of ritual for my circle of friends. Tonight it was sort of packed, nothing too crazy, but I'm sure in two weeks it would be out of control packed. I got a long island and an AMF, both of which were almost pure alcohol, they did the job to say the least. It was a nice atmosphere, I'm not sure if I would come here on the weekends when class is in session, but definitely a cool places.
2	I still cannot understand for the life of me why every one of my friends wants to go here.  It is always packed with bros and some hos, the service is terrible, and the drinks aren't even that low priced.  I guess I would understand coming here if I was a pool player, but it seems like it is impossible to get a table.  I'm sure this place will be around as long as the dean doesn't shut down the Greek life.
4	I've never really been disappointed with Mill Cue Club. You get exactly what you see.  A college area pool hall, loud but fun environment. Lively bar with pool table entertainment in the back and awesome drink specials and happy hour! $2.75 for drafts $2.50 for pints of Kiltlifter and Dos Equis  and my fave $3 tall Long Island drinks during happy hour... Seriously.. for $20 you can get pretty tipsy and take care of your bartender and everyone has a smile.
1	I will NEVER go here ever again and it will be my pleasure to tell EVERYONE I know to do the same!!!!!!!! The bar is actually very nice and the bartenders are really chill. However, the security is horrible and power hungry. Whoever the tall skinny dude is with the beard and hat is a nut job and should be fired. He kicked me out after I went outside to check on my friend to see if she was ok.  Yes, her ID wasn't legit. However, how does that concern me? She was there before I got there, I didn't even go with her there. I just saw her there. They threw away my 8 dollar beer and wouldnt let me in. Screw this place.. Until they fire abe lincoln, i aint going there anymore.
4	I've only been here once but it's got a great atmosphere and I had a blast here too.  The drinks were pretty cheap and they were strong:) Always good.  Would recommend this place, especially if you want to play pool.
1	I cannot, for the life of me, comprehend how or why this place consistently has one of the longest lines to get in damn near every weekend. It's a pool hall, and an average one at best...where's the attraction?!? It's usually cramped and uncomfortable, drinks were average, and the music sucked.
4	It seems like everytime I come here I see someone I know who I never see anymore. A good sign that this place is a popular watering hole on Mill.I'll say my only negative at the beginning here: I'm not a huge fan of the long narrow space. When crowded it is extremely difficult to weave through the bar height tables to get to the restrooms.That being said, I'd recommend this as a stop on your bar golf experience down mill. The drinks are pretty average, with good decor and flat screens on the walls. I see this place as more of a late night destination than a pool hall on weekend nights. The outdoor patio is tiny, which is fine with me as I don't smoke.Overall, I haven't had a negative experience here yet, mainly why I'm giving it 4 stars as its a nice place to come with friends.
3	Not bad, I can see why this place is a hot spot for the college kids over from ASU. But being in town on vacation all of our friends being ASU Alumni decided to take us out here our first night in town. The setup for this place is really weird. Thin and narrow in the front but as you walk towards the back it magically gets wider and spacious (or maybe I was just too out of it). Either way, the night we went the Long Island's were poured in really tall glasses, made really strong, and came out to a whopping $3 each. I'm not big on pool but I'm always a fan of cheap drinks, mix that in with the college crowd, and a little bit of top 40 complete with music video accompaniment and we've got a fun spot out in the desert :) My only complaint would have to be the restrooms are really small (1 stall and 1 urinal) and when there are tons of drunk guys in the place that doesn't mix well, also the smoking patio was really tiny and cramped, not a fun place to be.
3	I'm not big on Mill, but they have great drink specials till 11, long islands, long beaches, adios mf's, maybe some others. It's a great place to start your Mill Ave. bar hop.
3	Compared to Big Bang, this place was PACKED. The drinks here were cheap and the vibe was pretty chill. They had music videos playing on the televisions. There was a fight right out front while we were having a cigarette but that's Mill for you. It was a little cramped for my liking but I managed. The best part? The cute bartender with the huge Giants tattoo on his arm. :]
4	Can't go wrong, always the best place on Mill! If you can stop at only one bar... It's Mill Cue Club!
4	Where do I even begin? I've probably patronized Cue Club more than any other establishment in Arizona. It has everything you would expect in a popular college bar. Domestic beers are cheap, mixed drinks are strong, personal space is non-existent, intimate conservation is impossible. I have to give Cue Club at least 4 stars, because many fun nights out have started or ended here. I understand why it might not appeal to the average Yelper, though. Their Long Island Iced Teas are legendary! $3.50 until 11pm.
4	I love heading out to the Cue Club on weekend nights! While the line out front may scare away some potential customers, the wait always seems to fly by. Every time I've been to the Cue Club my group has been able to make new friends. Even while often packed, it has never taken me too long to get a order a drink at the bar. In the back it seems like have enough pool tables and space for people to get a few games in without being bumped around too much as there is only a few tables affected by the men's bathroom crowd.
5	This was the place to stop during our spring training trip with the guys when we were single. I have so many great memories their and alot I don't remember. Good times!
4	This has always been a great place for me and my buddies to go to blow off steam about the ladies.  Nothing is better for the nerves than shooting a game of pool.  I'm a fan, for sure.
4	I have spent dozens of memorable (althought I can't remember them) nights at Cue. Somehow we always end Mill adventures at Cue, shaking our bodies to the music and trying not to hit the million other people in the bar. If you are a single female, this is a mans bar and you are in luck! (This is a college bar though, so I can't guarantee the quality of the men!)I would have gladly given Cue 5 starts, however the past two visits have (although very fun) rubbed me wrong. Cue, If I wanted to go to Scottsdale and pay for a bathroom attendant,l I would. HOWEVER, I am coming to a hole-in-the-wall bar so I can drink cheap and not have to worry about girls doing their make up in the bathroom. Maybe it is a woman thing, but once I brake the seal, I am in the bathroom every 30 minutes. I don't want to spend a extra $12 on tipping someone to sit and hand me towels. MAJOR TURNOFF.The last two times I have been in, I have been DD. When I asked for a water to sip on the cocktail waitress looked at me like I was crazy. She said she knew a list of "skinny drinks" if I was watching my calories. Um, no. When she finally brought my my water, it was in a HUGE red solo cup with WATER written on the side. Way to make a DD stand out in the bar.
3	Can't understand why this place is always so packed. Well actually, the sound system is probably the best out of any club on mill. So that part I liked. There is room to breathe once you make it to the pool tables, but it's a battle to get there in the first place. There is a good amount of tables. Overall, so so. But I'll visit another time for further review.
4	To Cue or not to Cue? That is the question. Cue is either a place you love or hate depending on the day and the time. If you come to Cue on a week day then it's a normal bar and is a great way to pass time, but if you're coming on a weeknight then that's something different! Weeknights can get so crowded that you can barely move around and you will get bumped into nonstop all night. But besides that you can meet some funny people, some obnoxious people, or some funny obnoxious people.If coming on a weeknight, come before 11 because the line gets ridiculous and being inside becomes a boxing match.Cue has good drink specials no matter what time but it is a bar for a younger crowd, so if you're looking for something upscale you are in the wrong place. I like going to Cue if not simply just to people watch and have a good time when they have a good DJ. The music can definitely be a hit or miss which can ruin my night of debauchery  if half of the songs playing is by Sublime.To Cue or not to Cue? It's up to you!
3	This place is cheap and pours huge drinks with insane amounts of alcohol in them. You need to be careful though because the drinks have so much alcohol, you don't realize how much you really are drinking. I had 2 and was sick.... not usual for me. Also, the bathrooms are small and when I was there one was out of commission for being too nasty to use, oh and someone threw up in one of the sinks..... classy. So.... I don't know if I'd come back, but it's good for what it is, an extremely loud college bar that is very crowded, but very cheap, and good to get drunk for barely any money.
5	Mill cue club is awesome!  They have great drink specials and the Bartenders and Servers are friendly and quick with drink orders (which on mill is hard to come by)Amelie and Noel are the best servers!Long Island Teas are cheap and 2 of them will do you in for the night!
1	Couldn't really get a feel for the place as I wasn't let in b/c  was wearing a tanktop.However, I do suggest you wear an affliction shirt. Seems to be the uniform.
5	they make their  drinks very strong... that being said its always crowded. Usually some crazy stuff going on there cuz everyone seems to be drunk off the cheap strong drinks.
4	I have been to this establishment a few times and I have to say it is one of the best places on Mill Avenue to go. The drink specials are superb, there has never been a cover charge in the multiple times I have gone on the weekend and during special events, and there is something for everyone to enjoy. There is a long wait to get inside but it is worth it for the inexpensive Long Islands. I would recommend this place to anyone that loves to go out and have fun with a lot of people and around a lot of people.
4	Ended a Sunday night here. DJ was awesome! Bartender was friendly and efficient. Crowd was big, but no drama (which is always good). Threw a few back and enjoyed a few laughs with friends (old & new).
4	Makes me kinda wish I had gone to ASU :(
4	Start the night off with a Long Island here. They are legit.
2	Cue Club isn't what it is all hyped up to be. I have no clue why it's as popular as it is... No one even plays pool in the back. It's completely over crowded and super annoying if you are going out with a large group of people. Other than that... Their drinks are  good for a decent price. Long islands are pretty toxic as well as electric lemonade, but if you are dragged their by your friends then I always tell people to get the liquid marijuana Its offered as a shot, but it's better as a drink.
4	So you think you had a great long island???  Well try them here.  They are cheap and not drowned out.  This is a perfect place to pre game for a night out, although not a place to go if your trying to have a conversation with your buddies.  The music is loud that make it hard to hear your friends.  It could be worth staying if you come early enough to get a pool table, but if you come to late then you end up waiting at times more then an hour to play pool.
4	Mill Cue Club is a fun place to go on a weekend night with good drinks although it is a bit packed at times and tough to navigate through at times. I do not care for the long lines either but the place gets busy which is a good thing. Tables are 8 footers mainly for fun players and not serious pool playing, makes for good drunk pool though. I have had plenty of fun in this place and won a couple bucks and drinks playing there. I recommend it and the ladies there are pretty attractive too. I am taking off one star because the bathrooms are usually nasty.
4	Spent almost every weekend here in college.  Now that I am old I make sure to leave by 9:30pm or so when the youngins start to take over.  Best Long Islands ever!  Super strong and a reasonable price.  Also good- Electric Lemonade.
5	Best service ever. I am a fan of the afternoons. Friends, pool, and long islands. I've actually played pool all day here with Too$hort. He was very proper. Bartenders are all awesome especially Andrew, and Joe.
3	Ah, Cue Club.  I have to agree it's a little over-rated, but it has some positives to it too.  I do like the pool tables... there are several, so even if there's a wait, there's pretty good turnover.  Honestly, I'd probably never come if it weren't for the allure of pool.  The Long Island iced teas are good and cheap.  The Electric Lemonade, or AMF, or whatever they're calling it this week, are good too... the same thing as a Long Island but with added Blue Curacao.  Lines can get long, and I don't think it's worth waiting for if that's the case.  It can get really crowded too, be that a good thing or a bad thing for you.  I prefer to come earlier, when I can play some pool without fighting over the tables or the space, enjoy a drink with my friends, and hear each other talk.  For a crazy late-night, I'd go somewhere else.
4	Place is full and long lines; however you can pay $5 and get in the front and a free house shot. Drinks are inexpensive and really good! Lots of pool tables and great environment. One of my select places I love to go when on Mill.
4	Mill Cue Club is a terrific place to start bar hopping because of its very cheap drink prices! For instance, a Long Island Iced Tea here wasn't watered down at all. In fact, it was potent and worth the money! In addition, AMF was potent for a cheap price! I love the fact that both of these drinks were gigantic in size compared to the expensive ones back in L.A. for smaller doses. As always, this place is heavily packed with college students from ASU especially on a Saturday night! Be prepared for long lines getting drinks and going to the restroom. Lots of pool tables are around to make this place a fun and divey atmosphere. Overall, we all enjoyed Mill Cue Club!
2	Whenever I'm out on Mill with a group of friends and the decision to go to Cue Club is made for me, you will always hear a loud groan coming from my direction.First off, you have to wait in line for a while to get into a not-so-special bar... OK. The staff in generally not very friendly, and the whole set up of the place is not accommodating to a bar that gets jam packed. Prepare to have your drink spilled on you 1-3 times. It is basically a super long hallway with floors made of glue.Oh, and then there are 40 odd-ball burnouts playing pool and making it impossible to maneuver at midnight on a Saturday night. Do they really need the pool tables going when they have a 30 minute wait? Can't they just play pool at a dive bar like normal weirdos? Maybe I'm just upset since I got the back of a pool stick to the rib on my way to the bathroom.Alright, I'm being too harsh on  this place. It's generally a fun environment and the drink specials and prices are pretty good. Just in need of some changes.
3	Alright place....nothing out of the ordinary....they have about 5+ pool tables in the back.. Decent music going on... Was pretty slow on a Monday night after St. Paddys day...but this was expected and we were only int town for Spring Training...I did have their Habereno Shot...not the best tasting shot... But always interested I doing something out of the ordinary...Talk about a burn!!!! Burned going down and for at least 5 minutes....almost like taking a shot of Tabasco but without the salty vinegar taste
4	I love going here to play pool and having a couple of drinks. I have never had an issue and the drinks are really good. Whenever I want to go out and have a good time, I suggest Mill Cue Club. My fiance and I had our first date here and have been coming back every since.I love going on Sundays because it is only $4.00/hr all day to play pool. It is usually not that busy either. If it is, I still have not had to wait too long for a table. The drink specials are really good too. I kind of have an obsession with one of the pictures on the wall too. Random I know but I always take the table that is next to that picture.I do try to avoid it on Friday and Saturday nights though because it gets so packed that you can't move.
4	My friends searched for places to do things and decided upon here for billiards & drinks. Wasn't too hard to find although I might be worried about finding parking. We were lucky that a small parking area around the corner, someone was just leaving. They are metered parking spots but it says only metered til 10pm. It's not a huge place. It wasn't packed but still a good number of people inside(it was a Wed nite). Pool table rates are hourly, rounded by 15min intervals. Staff were friendly & helpful. Drinks were reasonably priced. If one is looking for some pool and/or drinks in or near the Tempe area, the Mill Cue is a good place to try.
3	Cool place to start your Mill ave escapades at. Gets busy early and you can play pool or get a cheap drink! Overall great staff and service!
4	We started the night a lot here in college. I never order long islands anywhere else, but that's the only thing I've ever ordered here. They are HUGE, delicious, and $3 until 11pm. That is a DEAL. After one or two of these you really don't need any other drinks for the rest of the night, they are crazy strong. Really fun on game days. You will most likely run into people who lived in your dorm freshman year here...no matter how many years later it is.
4	My friends and I always start the night here despite the sometimes crazy long line. Why? The not watered down, cheap drinks and the atmosphere. You also run into everyone you know, even on a Tuesday night. My favorite part is the oversized Jenga in the back. I highly recommend getting a Long Beach - a Long Island with cranberry juice.
4	the best long island tea
4	I'm not sure how I've checked in 6 times here but never reviewed this place. Oh yeah... this place is a BAR. And generally the next day I am hungover and don't want to review someplace.So why am I always hung over after this place? Well, their drinks are strong - namely their Long Islands and AMFs.Almost every night I've went here I've blacked out or nearly blacked out - especially if I get ahold of 2 or more of those drinks. Even in my drinking prime I couldn't handle them - and LIs and AMFs were *my* drinks!I actually have an ongoing challenge with my friends that go out with us that if they can drink 5 or more LIs or AMFs from Cue in the course of the night of Mill bar hopping that they win a prize. Nobody has taken me up on that offer.I'm now thirsty.
1	Just a word of advice for people that live in and or visit Arizona. Make sure your shorts are either above your knees or that you're wearing pants, because the security guards at the front apparently have this idea that shorts below the knee are simply too long to enter this five star establishment. I didn't realize that this was some division of the Ritz Carlton, perhaps they would have provided me with a pair of pants had there been an issue. Little did they know my shorts were stuffed with ridiculous amounts of money, how unfortunate. Go tuck yourself in, Mr. Security Guard. I'll find somewhere that appreciates a good pair of shorts in the mean time.
4	I enjoyed the time my husband and I spent there. Meant to have a Long Island Ice tea as I hear they are "the bomb". I played it safe with beer and a tequila shot :)  Loved the music, had a blast playing pool. My husband enjoyed playing pool also, isn't into loud bass pumping music like iam :) Because it is in ASU town expect a college crowd ready to party. It was slow when we arrived around 10pm but was pretty crowded by midnight. BTW they take checking ID's very seriously.
5	One of my favorite places to go for nightlife when I visit Arizona! The crowd is awesome, the staff is great and the atmosphere is lovely!The crowd is full of college students from neighboring Arizona State University (ASU) and they definitely know how to party! The place is always packed! Try yourself a Trash Can! It'll get you going and tastes great! Play some pool with friends and enjoy the gorgeous waitresses and bartenders on site!  My favorite was Brittini! I'll be back for sure!Quick tip... it gets quite busy on some nights and the line gets very long but for only $5 you can bypass the line and also get a free shooter so when ya see the line pull out a Lincoln and walk right in!
5	I love this place because they got the best drinks on Mill Ave! line is always long because its popular for every age group, class, and  gender and the drinks are good price. the DJ is one of the best, they have affordable pool tables, good drinks, and the staff are well trained! even though its busy they treat everybody the same and I always tip them because they deserve it! the table service is good plus they got a lot of hot girls working for them and its very big on the ASU crowd which I love! the dress code is casual and the the Drinks are more bang for your buck! it gets popular one the weekends and I'm always feel like I'm want there! I recommend this bar to everyone and especially college kids! the line is worth the wait and to the staff thanks for being so kind. I will always be back every chance I get when I want to drink and hang out with my college buds.
5	I'd give this 10 stars if I could. Great vibe, fun times, and cool people !
1	Order a Bacardi and coke...... Except don't expect to get Bacardi rum in your drink. You ask for high level liquor and they give u well liquor
2	Good place to just come drink and chill, music is way too loud, can't hear anything unless they shout at you.  I think I'll go somewhere else.
1	Are they closing down? 315pm on Thursday and doors are locked. Sux I just paid for parking ;/
2	There's nothing that special about Cue Club, quite frankly. Yes, it's where people tend to start the night because drinks are a tad cheaper and it's on the south side of Mill Ave, but I don't think it's worth it. You typically have to wait in a pretty long line (although I'll admit that it moves pretty fast), and it's always packed inside. It's fun if you're early/lucky enough to snag a pool table or one of the pseudo-VIP tables next to the bar, but I tend to find myself longing to move to the next bar after more than 5 or 10 minutes stuck the sardine can that is Cue Club.
3	Anywhere you can get trashed at for like 3 dollars isn't too bad. Perfect pre-game spot if you're going to have a sloppy night on Mill. Typical college bar with lots of ASU bros.
3	This place was the spot when I turned 21 a few years ago... The place to pre-game and neet up for a Mill night.But we eventually grew out of it... It's too crowded of people who are there for their cheap but strong drinks... Mmhmm those pineapple long islands tho.And they blast the music soooo loud! You have to yell at the person next to you... But they do have good music so it's okay..Anyways... We recently went here on a Sat night... Still crowded and loud but we went all the way to the back to play pool.. It was way better because it was less crowded in that area... And the crowd thinned out a lil bit after 1 am.Pool tables 12 per hour on Sat nights after 7pm...it was a good time :)
