4	As a weekend tourist in Charlotte, in the twenty minutes I was standing outside waiting for a bus back downtown I saw eight or ten young, hip looking people going in here and they were playing decent music, probably from a juke box.  Through the hexagonal porthole windows you can also see a foosball table.  The next time I'm in town I'll take time to check out more of this interesting looking neighborhood bar than just the sidewalk.
3	My brother loves this place for NFL games, so he took me here one weekday afternoon to get a bite to eat. Located in NoDa, this place fits right in with the taste & feel of a NoDa bar.We were there in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week, so there weren't many people here. We had probably just missed the lunch crowd so we grabbed a seat at the bar. It was a nice, dark little place, hence the tavern name, but it still gave off a friendly, welcoming vibe. The bartender was nice & friendly, but it probably helps that he knew my brother. I could see this place being a nice hangout to watch a game or to cozy up to the bar & relax one evening.I wasn't expecting much from the menu, but when I took a look at it, I was really surprised. They have quite a selection, from burgers to wraps to sandwiches. Yeah yeah, most places have these options, but they had some unique choices mingled in. I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap & while I think it's tough to screw it up, it was really pretty good. Better than the bar food I thought I was going to get. Apparently this place has really good burgers as well but I'll have to head back for one of those.I can see Solstice Tavern being a jumping atmosphere during the late hours, so I can't judge the lack of people there on my limited experience. But I will say the food was much better than I expected & I could see myself hanging out here for a relaxing night during the week, watching a game.
4	I'm really glad that our Charlotte friends live in NoDa so that we can just walk up the street to all the neighborhood bars.  We've been to Solstice a couple of times now, and it's always been nice enough to enjoy the porch, so I'm not sure what the inside really feels like.  I love the back porch/patio area.  We were able to sit and enjoy the twinkle lights while the others played Cornhole.There seems to be a good selection of beer, being that they have High Life and Magic Hat No. 9, which is enough to keep me happy, though I wish the High Life was on draft.Also, their bathroom is decent.  Always a plus for a girl who's stopping at all the bars in the neighborhood.
3	Solstice is just around the corner from me so it's a good place to stop for a quick beer or takeout.  Unfortunately, smoking is allowed inside, so I won't stay very long.  The back patio is nice during the summer.Food is average, servers are friendly, and the beer is cold. Plenty of TVs to watch the game.Take out is available.For a better restaurant, try Crepe Cellar, just down the street.
3	The food's nothing special, but the game's always on and the beer's always cold. In short, everything a sports bar needs to be.
3	As you walk into the bar off of North Davidson Street, your line of vision will give you a straight shot down the inside bar, out the backdoor past the patio bar, and across the sprawling deck fence that is covered in beer signs to the cornhole boards.The inside is just as dark during the day as it is at night, so you have to adjust your eyes accordingly if you are coming back into the light of day after a few beers.This is another NoDa bar that has flourished with the no smoking law in North Cackilacky.  It is so much nicer to walk in and not have to coat yourself in Febreze after the fact.The menu is stereotypical bar fair.  Sandwiches named after local streets, huge piles of nachos, a variety of burgers, cheesesteaks (I refuse to call it a Philly cheesesteak unless I am at least north of the Mason-Dixon Line), and tater tots.  The glorious thing is that the kitchen is open pretty much as long as the bar is open.  So a late night basket of tots can be just the thing to finish out a night of drinking in the hood.There are close to a dozen television in  the bar, both indoors and out, making it the closest thing to a sports bar in the arts district.  For you gamers, they have a Playstation 3 at the end of the bar so drunk dudes can ooo and ahh as you pop caps in other dudes online playing Modern Warfare.Your standard internet jukebox cranks out Pandora until someone puts in some tunes.  Its over in the corner with the ATM and requisite Golden Tee and Buck Hunter games.All this makes it your run of the mill bar.  No frills, nothing mindblowing off the menu, no legendary drink that you can only get there, no over the top theme.  Just a bar.  But every now and again, that is all you need.  A whole lot of not bad...
4	Cool spot, chill neighborhood, but nothing special.  Decent food.
3	Huh. This place kind of surprised me. At first glance, it looks like Budweiserville - TVs everywhere, chotchkeys and neon, tiny shorts on all the waitresses. But they have good beers on tap (with nary a Bud or PBR to be seen) and a large selection of veg friendly food. Awesome.Menu reminds me a bit of P-stone's, wraps and burgers, all kinds of fried apps. Had the zucchini chips - like a combination of the Stone's  zucchini sticks and the Penguin's pickle chips, pretty damn good. Veg wrap was ok, the burger large and pretty standard. 7 bucks is a steal, tho, if you're craving perfectly fried tater tots (which I always am).You know that brewery on 85, to your right as you drive north, just passed Greensboro? Their beers on on tap here, and are both good, if not very challenging. 4.25 per. Back porch is comfy and somewhat TV-less. I don't get the quaint feel, nor the dive thing, but I could see drinking beverages and eating decent, cheap bar food here when the mood strikes. It's not their fault I hate sports bars.
4	Really? Just an average sports bar in a trendy neighbborhood.What makes this place awesome? This is where Packer fans in Charlotte unite. This is where they meet on Sundays and Mondays during football season. This is where they drink cheap beer and talk about making their own brats. This is where they reminisce about harsh winters and Bret Farve.I am not a Packers fan. I am married to one. I like this place because the crowd is tame and the back area is nice. I like the fried zuchini and squash. I like the cheap beer in buckets. I like that it is in a good location. That is all that I really expect from a sports bar.
4	I really enjoy Solstice.  I always thought it was the kind of place I wouldn't fit in because its in NoDa and I already felt I wasn't "artsy" enough to live in NoDa, but that couldn't be further from the truth.Its a great little bar that now that I like sooo much better with the no smoking law.  It just used to get really smokey and gross in there.  The outdoor area is such a surprise, I wouldn't have imagined that much space back there.  The food is good, actually I'd say really good.  Grilled cheese cooked to perfection (people mess them up more often than not), tots are always good, wraps, reubens, sundials, all really good bar food.  They have good drink specials, and even if not everything else is definitely priced right.
4	Had the fried chicken club, plus tater tots with bacon/cheese.  Very good, excellent prices, will definitely go back!
4	Right in the heart of Noda, Solstice is a great place to watch a game, have a drink, or just hang with some friends.  This place has a pretty sizable seating area inside, a a very large fenced in outdoor dining/drinking area, with a covered bar outside as well.  The mood was fun and energetic last night (Thurs night), with the crowd getting busier and busier as the night went on, and the local concerts let out.  My friends and I had a variety of beers and mixed drinks, which I thought were reasonably priced, and the mixed drinks were definitely more liquor than mix, so that was a huge plus in my book!  Overall, a nice place to have a casual drink with some friends when you are in the Noda area :)
3	Decent sports bar with a solid BLT. Be careful with the pasta salad- it'll give you serious onion breath. They have a wide variety of wraps, burgers and sammiches. I went for lunch and was trying to be respectable soI didn't sample a beer but I may in the future, since other reviewers seem to have been impressed by their selection. The place was pretty chill, I guess its not a big lunch spot (though a troop of firemen from down the street came in to eat, yowza!) Service was considerate without being smothery. I'll have to avoid football time though. Noooot a packers fan.
3	Sostice is a nice place to go if you want to kick back outside and enjoy a decent beer. I got dragged into this place the by the Charlotte Roller Girls after practice one night.The atmosphere is nice, during the week it isn't packed at all, and they have Magic Hat No. 9 on draft.Solstice also has food but I only snagged a couple tater tots off of my friends' plate.Tots are tots but they were still good.
4	Love this place!!  It kinda makes you feel like you're back home in your small town that you grew up in.
3	Went to Solstice Tavern last night, and had an overall good experience.The best part of the night was the service. I am mad at myself for not getting the waitresses name for this review, she was one of the best waitresses I have ever had. She is a tiny woman with dreadlocks, and although she was the only waitress working the floor on a Saturday night, she was spot on for every single table of the packed restaurant.The food was good, although we had our hearts set on the mushroom/swiss/bacon burger advertised on the chalkboard outside, and when we ordered found out they were on the late night menu (which is basically only food that is deep-fried.) We ended up getting chicken fingers and fries which were good. Chicken tenders are always a scary order for me, there is always a 50% shot that they will be dry and bland and these were not.Price was very reasonable. The atmosphere is comfortable. Only complaint is that they were only playing college basketball on half the tvs and the larger tvs were playing some NBC crime show, which I found odd.Patio is great for smokers as well and features a full service bar.
4	Love coming to Solstice because their outside patio rocks!  They have a fully stocked bar outside with a couple TV's and...cornhole.  Oh, yes.  This bar is located in the heart of NoDa so the crowd is laid back and diverse.  I will say that I'm disappointed that they removed the foosball table.  I, of course, had to get the scoop and apparently people just weren't using it.  Booo.  Drinks are decent and my usual drink of choice (Bacardi and Diet) is the standard price of 6ish dollars.  What I enjoy the most is the chill environment.  What's also nice about this bar is that if you aren't having a great time you can walk right outside and you have plenty of other choices.  Haven't tried the food here - just the booze ;)Good location, good times!
4	I don't know how I went five years in Charlotte without going here but it may be my new true love! The inside area smelled like stale beer, frat boys and broken dreams but once I strutted through there onto the patio area, I was in seventh heaven. I've never heard anything about them having a patio area so it was a pleasant surprise to find they have a huge area complete with a numerous amount of tables, corn hole and a variety of people, not just your standard NoDa crowd. I will be back fo sho!
4	Cute spot for a group of friends just wanting to hang out and have a good tine.  Right in the art district of Charlotte.   In door and out door bar, great service, tv's on the inside and outside.  The back porch is covered, and not too hot.
4	Mini-corn dog me baby!!!  How did I live without these for so long???  I love all of the bar food here but the mini-corn dogs are my passion.  Excellent place to watch the game since there are huge big screen tvs inside.  The deck has a fun bar and great seating that will be plenty for all of your friends.  Perfect Friday night spot to chill - great juke box and fun games to play.  Love you Solstice!!
4	Winter, spring, summer or fall, any season is a good time to visit Solstice.  I was particularly impressed with the abundance of menu choices.  I was surprised to see that because my impression was that there would be more focus on the "Tavern" part but not at all, this place  has a great menu full of interesting wraps, burgers and traditional bar food as well (mini corn dogs----wha-what!!!).I love the outdoor patio and could see myself spending hours on end there with friends and some good spirits.  This restaurant is located in NoDa which is a neighborhood after my own heart.  If you get tired of the uptown crowd and need a break, unbutton that collar and take a ride north of town.  You'll be glad you did :)
3	Looking for a casual, laid back place to drink or have a bite to eat? Solstice in No Da has your back.Like the other reviewers, the prize jewel is their outdoor patio. I like coming here on Spring days or Summer nights to enjoy people watching & having a bite to eat.Yes, they serve your typical bar food, but their pride is their sandwiches...so many to choose from.  I normally go with the Brevard BLT with tater tots. The tater tots are always cooked crispy & brown. Yum.
4	From the outside, Solstice is not impressive in any way.  In fact, it may seem downright scary unless you have been riding with SAMCRO recently.  But take a gamble and you will probably be pleasantly surprsied.  The real gem is not the building, it is on the other side, since Solstice has an incredible patio out back.In fact, it just might be larger than the entire rest of the building, and like one of those secret gardens in Old South cities like Charleston or Savannah, you would probably never know it existed if you did not see it with your own eyes.Now I do not try to compare the Solstice patio with something you might  find in Charleston by any means - but when you look upon the patch of dirt out in front of the P-Stone, it is like night and day.
3	The burgers are consistently decent and the tater tots are always hot. The iced tea was fine as well. The service was good, no complaints there. The place was a bit loud, unlike other times I have been, but then again it was a Saturday night. Solstice Tavern is a place I enjoy when I go, but not a place I crave. Been there a few times and will return in the future.
4	This is a bar, there is no disguising the fact that it isn't one. They don't try to claim to be anything other than a bar, but if they did they'd fail. The prices per drink are cheap [$4 for a pint of Fat Tire] and the bar service is prompt. The atmosphere: I really liked the outdoor area, despite the empty bar area in the back. Indoors, on a Friday night its crowded, and its loud. I couldn't get a good read on the people about how social it was. The feeling I got from this bar was that it didn't have a lot of life to it, nor did it encourage each other to be hostile to each other. This is not necessarily a bad thing. It is what it is. From appearances, the clients look as if they could either pass as rednecks or hipsters. [But without the attitude of either] Overall: Has potential to be a lot more social with a different layout, and the clients aren't horrible.
4	Ok - after making the mistake of having lunch at Revolution - see earlier review about small portions, we walked across the street and entered beer heaven - also order zucchini appetizer - large portion and wonderful ranch dipping sauce.  Beer cold and never empty - outside deck a definite go to place for warmer days.
3	Ah Solstice you are always a brief stop during bar crawls. But I finally did a full stop one day for lunch here.I gotta say your outdoor patio is banging. On bar crawl nights, you're a bit too crowded for me to be comfortable, but that's not your fault. Your food is alright, standard sandwiches and stuff. The best part were the tots that came with them, hot and yummy just the way I like them! The sandwich? Oh I forgot about it, maybe next time I'll just order those tots and have at it.They have the benefit of being one of the few places in NoDa open for lunch, slim pickings around here I tell you what! But instead of slacking they delivered a pretty decent lunch at a pretty decent price. So for that cheers to you Solstice!
4	I have stood in front of this place twice a week, waiting for the bus, every other week, since February.  It took a thunderstorm to get me into this place.  Wow this is a great restaurant / bar.There are TV's everywhere and they are tuned to just about everything you might want to watch.  They had baseball, basketball, and America's got talent all over the bar.  Food was excellent with specials that make dinner very reasonable.  The night I was there, it was raining so their large patio had to clear out, but that looked really awesome.I'll be back !
4	Consistently good bar food with a decent selection of "granola"-veggie options for the missus. The patio's pretty awesome, and the beer selection is pretty great, too. I love coming here, especially on Sunday afternoons. Note that there are several TVs showing sports events, so don't go there and expect a quiet evening.My few complaints: the service is pretty good generally, but you'll occasionally get a clueless server who seems to not come often enough and take far too long when she does. Also, they seem to have a couple dozen beers but no beer list, so you have to ask the server to read you the giant list every time.Lastly, mobile users be warned that the menu on their website is an uncompressed 23MB PDF file that'll take FOREVER to download if you're still on 3G. Use their free Wi-Fi instead!
3	This was our last stop on our Noda pub crawl of 6/30/12.  We sat at a table since a few people in our group were in the mood for a late night snack.  Generic beer selection at best, so I went with my fail safe Newcastle.  Food that was ordered by other people looked ok at best and the worst service of the evening by far.  It was getting late in the evening and maybe the staff was slowing down at the end of the night.  Solstice would not be my first choice for hanging out in NoDa, but I would consider giving them another try in the future.
4	I love this bar! The patio is great, plenty of seating out there and whatnot but I really prefer to sit at the bar. Always great service from the staff and you can several channels without having to look around the room.The chili cheese fries rock my world. We accidentally went on trivia night  and had a blast! Reasonable pricing and nightly specials mean I'll probably be back. Again. Soon.
3	Went here for lunch date with hubby.  Atmosphere on their large deck helped with the addition of fans.  Ugly painted dog wall with one token un-named feline face in the support of political correctness.  Our waitress assumed the air of an impatient school marm initially, but warmed up toward the end (tip time, you think?)  I had the bella quesadillas which are consistently good.  Hub had a burger which made him purr with pleasure and a side of cucumber salad which he eyed fearly at first but settled into.  It seems Solstice keeps changing the recipe on the cucumber salad; it was a tad sweet for me this time.  Or perhaps that is what happens when one decreases the amount of sugar in one's diet.  All in all, it is a place that I will keep returning for food and drink.
5	The Solstice Tavern is by far my all-time favorite spot in NoDa.  You get lots of eclectic, intelligent people as far as who is in the crowd and the servers are always friendly.  I have yet to have a bad experience here.  The bartenders are always responsive and they have some good bar grub.  I love just a plain ole Grilled Cheese and some pasta salad.  Good bar food no doubt!  This place is a winner and I will always come back.
5	This is my favorite place in noda. Cheap food and the best cheese fries.
4	We didn't get any food here, but this was a great choice for a place to watch the game while we were walking around Noda. If I'm back up that way we will definitely check it out.
5	Greg is amazing!! :)
3	I like Solstice, but it isn't a standout in an area where there are some FANTASTIC places to eat and drink. It is good in the spring/summer/fall for a drink when you can stand on the patio, otherwise I'd choose Revolution, Dolce or Growlers for a place to drink with friends.
5	Found this restaurant when in noda looking for a place to eat. Not as packed on a Friday evening as everywhere else, but the place was amazing. Great food, cool patio, cheap drinks, kind staff. Got great recommendations from or server on what to order and it didn't disappoint. Was able to catch a basketball game out on the patio bar as well. Great atmosphere, great people. Will definitely be back.
4	I really like Solstice. I typically eat here during the week at lunchtime with my husband. Our food is always good. I have had the BLT which is always perfectly done to my taste. They don't skimp on the bacon. I usually share a couple of pieces with my husband. The tater tots are always hot and wonderful. I have enjoyed a blackened chicken sandwich here as well. It was perfectly cooked when I had it here once; not too thick and not dry as grilled chicken breasts tend to be.  My husband enjoys eating wraps here.  Our waitresses have always been friendly and attentive. A really nice spot for a later weekday lunch for us....comfortable, convenient and satisfying.  I have no reasons not to return in the future.
4	This place totally wins on location, seating availability for groups, and its kickass patio. The food isn't the highlight, but it's serviceable American fare. Beer specials are good value and if you check in on another popular app, they're running a 20% off food purchases deal that makes their food a downright bargain. It's not the fanciest, but it's a good choice for casually hanging out with a group.
4	Great place in Noda. I recently went to a friend's get together and we eventually ended up here. Large outdoor space with lots of tables. The bartender served the liquor generously and the environment was casual yet young and fun without making me feel like I was the oldest one there, which I probably was. Great place for summer drinks with good company.
2	I'd heard many good things about this bar so I decided to check it out. The staff is decent, nothing great about them, but nothing bad either. It's the patrons who make this place unpleasant. I would give 1-star for the atmosphere and 3 for the service because the bartender was chill. Solstice is your average little dive bar. The reason I am giving such a low rating is because my date and I were harassed by two older patrons. We are young- 21 and 22, but are both young professionals and mature for our ages. But still, I guess the babyface still showed. First, a pretentious 30-something year old greaseball artist-type came up to us and said "I'm much older but blah blah blah," then proceeded to tell me I look 12. When my date kindly asked him to leave us alone, he took offense and started whining to us about how WE offended him. The last straw was when a similarly pretentious lady around the same age came up to us and insulted my date. The bartender turned a blind eye (but I didn't expect him to do anything.) We then left and ended up at NoDa Brewing Company down the street and had a positive experience there.Just heed caution if you're not a regular. The yuppies will eat you alive.
4	Love the back porch. Food is standard bar fare. Lots of fried stuff.
4	I came in here for lunch today with a friend and we were just roaming around looking for a place to grab lunch at an inexpensive price and a pleasant atmosphere so we stopped in Solstice Tavern. I ordered 'The Muse' which is a turkey, roast beef and swiss sandwich placed on a croissant with horseradish sauce; it was pretty good. My friend ordered an 'Apple Cinnamon' wrap with chicken. She mentioned that it was like eating a chicken caesar wrap but with a surprise of apple and cinnamon, which turned out to be a great melody of flavors. The prices were not that expensive; atmosphere was dark, as a tavern should be, and screens all around for a sports bar type of feel. Staff was friendly, food was great, prices were reasonable and they have daily specials! Not bad.
3	I didn't drink , But my friend had a margarita and he enjoyed it.
3	Pretty solid digs here! I went after work with my very lovely co-workers for some beer, gossip and a bite to eat.Lucky for us, they have tons of beer specials! Always a good thing. Listen....they have some of the best pumpkin beer I've ever had! And I'm normally not a fan if pumpkin beer! But they dip the rim with cinnamon and sugar and it just tastes like YUMMY in your mouth! If they have it on tap I definitely recommend getting it. Wednesday night's special was a chimichanga with beef coated in cheese with salsa. I added a side of tater tots for good measure and it made for a great meal. Nothing fancy, but it definitely did the job! If your out and about in NoDa...drop in and grab a beer...if you don't sit in the huge patio there's an excellent booth by the door with a huge window! (Makes for some very good people watching)
5	I give Solstice Tavern Four Stars...They got a star as a bump up because on three occasions when I had groups meet me, they came through and accommodated us without any issue and did it with smiles and grace.The lunch is pretty decently priced.  I have found the food to be consistent.  All sorts of things go on in the backyard, and I have not really ventured out there to figure out what those people are doing.  My brother loves this place.  Being from New York, I don't find the neighborhood to be as amazing and trendy as my local family members, but when I am in NODA, Solstice is a pretty safe and consistent sports bar.
2	I wanted to like this place because I've heard a lot of good things. I ordered the soup of the day, which was chicken noodle.  It tasted like overly salted beef broth with some tough noodles and a shred of chicken thrown in.  Blah.  I know this is more of a bar food type of place, but it was so gross. The commercial radio was also really obnoxious, and the bloody UFC match playing on every television was really unappetizing.  Pros: Service was friendly and fast.
4	I stopped in here for a drink while out with friends and the place was packed. We ended up having to stand which was fine. The atmosphere is just that of a regular bar but they had a great outdoor seating area that looked like it would be great in the summer, it also had another bar out there. It has a lot of tv's and it seemed like a lot of people were watching sports but it wasn't the kind of place that you had to. Hopefully next time we give it a try we can get a table!
5	Yep.  It's the patio.  It'll steal your heart.Outdoor bar. Friendly people.  Bar specials. Dog friendly.  And FANS outside!  Charlotte is hot y'all!  I love this deck.  I didn't get any food, but I'll definitely be back and keep you updated.  Bypass the weird, unfriendly facade from the street.  I was a little hesitant, but suck it up and go inside.  Awesome.Oh!  And they have Big Buck Hunter, the shooting game!!  Win!
3	Pretty cool bar.  The drinks are good.  Some local beers on tap which is awesome a plus for me.  The food was good although I was disappointed they didn't have fried green tomatoes on the menu anymore.  The veggie burger was tasty though.
4	We stumbled upon this place when the brewery we came for was completely packed. What a great find! The menu is mostly sandwiches, but they have a large variety and a lot of interesting options. I had the Philly cheesesteak and it was one of the best I had ever had. They put their house-made beer cheese on it and it was just amazing. The fries were great too. Good beer selection and lots of TVs with different sports events on. Service was a little slow, but good other than that (and in fairness to them, it was pretty busy). I recommend a visit if you're in that part of Charlotte!
5	Great area and clean restaurant.  The tots are delicious. My fave is the appetizers. Fried green beans, hummus prepared fresh..yum! Love the outside patio area. Great drink specials on the weekends. You can also bring pets to the patio any time! Love this place:)
4	Nice atmosphere.  Friendly and attentive service.  Good food and menu.  I have only been for lunch but it was great.  I can imagine it is good for night life as well.  Great area.  Nice patio and outdoor seating/bar.  Apparently, pets are allowed on the patio.  Pretty cool.
4	Solid spot.  Good for lunch or late night drinking.  A cornerstone of NODA.  Food is very good, and they serve late night.  Atmosphere is great.  Lots of TVs so it can be a good spot for watching games. It's NODA so obviously hipsters are all over the place.  Wide drink selection- from Busch light to fancy drinks.  The food is very good as well.  I come here often and will continue to do so.
1	I decided to treat myself while my wife was out of town. Had dinner here over the weekend. Lets start with the good... the beer is cold and priced well, the back porch is fantastic & the staff is friendly. The last time I ate here was about 8 months ago and I had one of the best fish sandwiches Ive ever had outside of Seattle. Blackened grouper on a french loaf. It was amazing. I returned because I was craving a good fish sandwich. My waitress advised me the menu had changed (menu changes are not listed on yelp, its more expensive). I found out they no longer have a grouper sandwich, only a 'catfish filet' on texas toast. I decided to chance it and ordered a round of chips and salsa for an appetizer.The chips were good. the salsa was tasty but was more like pico... just diced tomatoes with a little onion and pepper. it was ok. Then there was the sandwich. first, it took forever to make it out of the kitchen... seriously... nearly 45 minutes. When it arrived, the texas toast was a thick'ish cut un-buttered piece of white bread barely crisped. It was cut in half and each side had a wilted piece of lettuce a slice of tomato and literally a two inch square piece of mushy, watery, grey catfish that obviously started its morning in a freezer. It was bland and squishy with almost no taste except for the aioli (spiced mayo) dripping off the bread. It took about three bites to eat half a sandwich. It was accompanied by about a dozen crinkle cut fries coated in seasoned salt.Im a patient person, but I got there at 6 and didnt get this masterpiece of a sandwich until almost 7:15. I was starving so I sucked it up and ate the sandwich. I mentioned the issue to the waitress who made no offer to do anything but thanked me for my feedback and agreed it was nowhere near the quality they used to have. she said they had been cutting costs and changing the menu. My bill came & I was frustrated and in a hurry to get out so I didnt even look at it, I just handed her a card. Mistake. The fish sandwich cost $9.75.The chips and salsa was $5.25Add in two beers and tip and I paid over $30.00 and took two hours of my evening to be served about four ounces of mushy catfish on white bread. Some treat ehe?
4	Two words: GERMAN BURGER.Okay, I like a lot of things about this place. The awesome patio and outdoor bar area. The tvs. The people. But ya'll.... the GERMAN BURGER.I'll stop with the all caps. I lived in this neighborhood for a year and never knew about this delicious menu item. My friend good friend JoJo introduced me to it during our Noda brewery and bar crawl over the weekend. Pretzel bun, burger, sauerkraut, beer cheese and bacon. That was a tasty burger. The Sunrise Burger was also hit at our table. Personally, I'm a big fan of anything with an egg on it. Over easy for me, please. I like the Solstice Sundials, too.I don't consider this a sports bar, but I do think it's a great place to watch a game. 24 flatscreens... inside and outside. Nothing like being able to watch football and play a few rounds of cornhole. It's also dog friendly. Woof. Solstice, I always make it a point to stop by when I'm in NoDa. You never disappoint.
2	I called Solstice in advance of going there on a Saturday to make sure dogs were allowed on the patio all evening.  We walked across town to be yelled at when we entered & told how we should have read the sign that says no dogs.  I wasn't looking for a sign since I called... Considering food and service is average, we probably had a better evening when we went across the parking lot to Jack Beagles anyway.
4	What a great spot in Noda especially for game day! I'll start with the patio which I loved, a lot of TV choices for games and the staff was just wonderful. The manager or owner not sure was very accommodating to get the right game in the right TV for fans wanting to watch. Loved the crowd eclectic and exciting, regarding the food ordered nachos, these were a disappointment as way too much pepper which was weird I wouldn't recommend these then ordered wings and fries which were very good. Plenty of beer choices and would for sure come back and loved the Packer Fans that were in the house! Go PAC!
5	My favorite spot in Charlotte! The best chicken tenders ever! Fries aren't the best though, get the tator tots.... the fries all over Charlotte seem to be like cardboard with "Cajun" seasoned salt... very friendly staff and welcoming environment. Full bar, multiple tvs with different games/events on at all times and daily specials..... they also have a late night menu...
4	Great food and atmosphere ! Lindsay is a great bartender ! Always a good experience !
3	I really want to love this place, I just can't. I love the back patio, and love that it's dog-friendly. The staff is friendly, kind, and competent. They have good beer specials. I just can't endorse the food. Their burgers are not meaty and juicy, they are more like a meat loaf- a lot of bread and spices. The result is a drier, heavier, breadier patty. This almost broke my heart, because I wanted to love the Bavarian Burger. I've also tried the philly cheese steak. Not much cheese. Not much steak. Plenty of bread.
5	My favorite spot in Charlotte! The best chicken tenders ever! Fries aren't the best though, get the tator tots.... the fries all over Charlotte seem to be like cardboard with "Cajun" seasoned salt... very friendly staff and welcoming environment. Full bar, multiple tvs with different games/events on at all times and daily specials..... they also have a late night menu... the outside area has a seperate bar and lighting theme, i definitely recommend stopping in if you are in Charlotte/NoDA area..
5	Very cute little tavern in a quant little area. Service was great! If you are just coming to grab a brew and a small snack I highly recommend the pretzel. It's fresh and delicious!
1	I love this place any time I get to come here when I visit charlotte its the highlight of my trip. However, todays visit was pretty sad when compared to any other time I've come here. My setup of three ordered food and waited for over an hour with almost no visits from out waitress to check if we needed anything or even explain when our food should be out. My blackened chicken wrap came out so cold I honestly believe it was sitting the fridge waiting for my fries to be made. What a pathetic experience on all accounts. I don't forsee myself recommending solstice anymore or even visiting.
1	Would have loved to be able to rate this place higher but I sat at the bar for 5-10 minutes and got to witness 3 bartenders socializing and hanging out, and despite making eye contact with them, i never received any service. Boo. On the other hand, when I walked into Jack Beagles by mistake, thinking it was this place, the bartender greeted me right away, gave me a menu, and when we figured out I was in the wrong bar she gave me some water to go. If that's how lost strangers get treated, I'm sure their customers get treated even better! Therefore, I will not be back to this place, but I will definitely be back to give Jack Beagles a try.
5	We wondered in on Christmas Eve 2014.  Our plans had changed at the last minute.  Thankfully Solstice Tavern was open.  The food was wonderful as always.  The Meat Loaf isn't a staple on the menu, however if they happen to have it, you should try.  It is great.
