4	This was a tough call for me. I could have just as easily and with valid reason given it three stars or, for completely different reasons, five stars. So I decided to hedge my bets and go with four.Here's why: the food is average at best, but the ambiance is outstanding and the happy hour is superb. In terms of straight up Mexican cuisine, this place doesn't even approach what some other nearby spots have to offer. But, their indoor/outdoor patios are always a good time, they have great live music, and a happy hour with free munchies to boot. Cherry on top: their chips are awesome. They cook them in house and bring them out for free with your drink order.
3	Aunt Chilada's combines festive decor and loud Mariachi music with pretty standard Mexican fare. The entrees were large and reasonably priced. I did enjoy my smoked pork chinalinga and the choice of salsas -- verde or roja in mild, medium or hot.. But still, the pluses aren't enough to drive out of your way for a visit. Another note: it did seem like the place to go if you are into drinking a lot (which I am not), so keep that in mind if you're looking more for a place to bring the kiddies or your 80-year-old aunt Rose.
1	This is the single worst restaurant I've ever been to, anywhere. From the looks of the other reviews, I must have caught them on a bad night, but I swear to God, the tacos I had there tasted like spoiled meat. My friend and I couldn't stomach more than one bite each and were not satisfied by the restaurants lack of concern over our complaints. We were made to pay for inedible food and no attempt was made to make things right... And for the record, I've got no problems with 'real' Mexican food-- street vendors and the worst Mexican joints I've been to from LA to Ensenada to Cozumel, are all better than this place.
3	Well, this place is certainly the answer to the hokey tourist trap with marginally edible food, innit?I'll give em credit for the 'Pancho's on anabolic steroids' thematics, the patio is very comfortable, and as night falls on Spring, there is almost no better place to have a Dos XX or Pacifico.  Its lervely and shaded and filled with mostly professionals hitting on their secretaries, which is pretty amusing to casually observe.  As the US National Drinking Circuit Holiday, 'Cinco de Mayo' (eh, que?) approaches, I guess this would be a relevant time to inform of their festival, which consumes their parking lot and is actually less of a tool collection than most other forced holiday festivals.  Entry last year was about $10 with booths for drinks and food.  I didn't hate it, got fairly leathered, and left feeling it was money well spent.  If you must visit Aunt Chilada's North, I'd hold off on the food and stick to the cocktails.
4	I am giving the Margarita's 4 stars. The food on the other hand gets 2. A pitcher of marg with a tequila upgrade (Hornitos) cost &28.00. It is the best marg I have found in Phoenix and it is cheap in comparison. The happy hour is great, they have free food that is actually better than entree you might order. The patio is usually full of people having a good time. If you want a marg and a superb outdoor seating arrangement this is your spot. If you want food food with that marg try Los Dos Molino's.
4	Aunt Chilada's has it's charm. The front patio (on Dreamy Draw) is filled with mature trees, fountains & vegetation. It's really a perfect atmosphere to pretend you're in the Yucatan swilling Tequila in the jungle if  you like that sort of thing...They have these fantastic flour chips & salsa that come with your drink- I can eat a whole basket of them before the main course arrives. I always get the taco's and they're consistently good, not great. They make strong margarita's. They have a chocolate fountain on Sundays too.Oh yeah, this is another place you can bring your dog onto the patio.BOTTOM LINE:  Great neighborhood Mexican, one of AZ's best patios!
4	We tried this restaurant, because we had just arrived at the Arizona Grand Resort and wanted a family friendly restaurant on the resort grounds.  We were surprised by the friendly environment, good food and terrific service.  All of us enjoyed our meals, whether they were house specials or your American-ized combination plates.  A laid back environment with good Mexican food and good margaritas.  It really hit the spot after a 5 hour road trip!
2	Not good. The patio is top notch for relaxing if the weather's good but I couldn't shake that chain feeling when inside. Table and chairs had a slightly sticky feeling to them (nice, eh?). Food was typical pre-cooked, oven heated dollop of too much grease and cheese. Not impressed. It's a shame cause the garden and even the nachos & salsa had me expecting big things.
3	I am going to give Aunty Chiladas 3 stars only because I have gone there since I was like 10.  This place has been a staple in the valley before the 51 went by etc etc.  It definitely looks like it has been there for a while and needs a good  asthetic cleaning.  Our table and chairs were sticky and it was pretty dirty outside on the patio.  There were chairs and miscellaneous items on the outside of the restaurant and it needs some TLC.Chips (flour) are good but salsa has black olives (yuk, personal preference) and the hot stuff tasted like it had vinegar in it.  It has a great patio for daytime drinking.  Overall the food is above average.I ordered the fish tacos and they were good.  My accomplice ordered a combo with your typical rice, beans, enchilada, taco etc.  The food was hot and good.  It didn't have a wow factor but the price was good and worth the money.Holy smokes.......The service was awful.  I am not going to mention any names but it was slow in terms of business and even slower in terms of service.  I hope that they do not correlate but they usually do.  C'mon Aunty you are better than this!!!!!!  If you live in the neighborhood then it is worth going here.  I probably will not make the drive again.  Good luck Aunt Chiladas.
2	Not really impressed. Food was below average, in my opinion. Chips were just extra greasy, salsa watered down, meals without much taste. Yes, the patio is pretty cool and I imagine that on a busy night this is the place to be, but really, not impressed.Could be because I had a 13 hour workday, still had food poisoning, and just wanted to be home instead of off for business, but this didn't really make my mood change for the better. Guess that if I was boozing it up it'd be more fun, but then again, what place isn't more fun while boozing it up?
2	I've been here 3 times on the company tab because it's a fun atmosphere for out-of-town guests. The drinks are good, but the food is meh. Out of the 3 visits, the only thing I remember liking is the soup. Oh, and the flour chips are unique and pretty good. I guess I'll go back for a free meal, but wouldn't consider seeking it out on my own.
4	My husband and I just moved here from Chicago and we've have Mexican food every Saturday for the last 2 years.  Needless to say, we've been on the hunt for the best Mexican restaurant here in the Phoenix area since we moved here 2 months ago.  Our criteria is simple:  (1) Margaritas, (2) chips and salsa, and (3) food and fajitas.(1) Margaritas --  Thumbs up!  So far Aunt Chiladas has the best Margaritas I've had in the valley and we've been to quite a few places including Tee Pee (where the food is good but the Margaritas suck).  We ordered the hand shaken margarita and its a pretty big serving with lots of the good stuff in it...(2)  Chips and Salsa -   Thumbs up!  The chips are unusual in that they are flour not corn and come out nice and hot.  We liked the salsas and I love black olives so the fact it was in the salsa was a big yum factor for me.(3)  Food/Fajitas - Thumbs up!  We ordered a few different things including the Chingalingas (yum!), steak fajitas, and enchiladas.  We also really liked that they give noodles (fideos) with refried beans instead of rice.  Those are awesome.  The steak fajitas were the bombThe only downside is the service is just way too slow.  I mean, we waited and waited and waited.  They were nice enough but bring a pillow because it'll be a while!!
4	Ate here on a Saturday night. There weren't many people, and we sat outside in spite of the fact that it was chilly. The busser brought two heat lamps over for us, though, which was much more comfortable, until he spilled ice water all over my wife's purse and my foot. He was very apologetic, though, and the server seemed afraid we were going to become irate.At any rate, we ordered our food, and it was quite good. My wife & I were pleased with the vegetarian options, though the red sauce on my burrito left something to be desired, as it was quite watery. And the fried Asian noodles they serve on the side of nearly everything are a disgusting waste of food. Beyond those two issues, I enjoyed my meal very much. I tried some of my family's dishes, and they tasted good as well.And the non-corn tortilla chips are rather like elephant ears, or pie crust in my brother-in-law's opinion, but were a unique touch. I was disappointed to find olives in the salsa, but overall we had a good time, good meal and would return on our next trip to AZ.
2	While my food was great,  I definately didnt enjoy the service.  We waited and waited and waited 45 mins for our food & drinks.  I felt like our waitress forgot we were there.  However she was super attentive when it was time for us to pay...
3	Aunt Chilada's has a great happy hour. They have it all for happy hour.... Music, healthy drinks, cut veggies and trays of something melted with cheese... I rarely eat the appetizers. By the time i get to them, they have been mangled by the customers. I'm happy with the big trays of fresh cut veggies. The indoor is nice, patio is fantastic. I LOVE meeting a bunch of friends here for happy hour. My dinner experiences have been OK, but not great. Service is usually slow. Food is adequate, but not exceptional. Still, ya gotta love a place where you can crowd 15 of your friends on the patio, mark off a bit of territory with a couple balloons, and have a great time for a couple hours.
4	I went for lunch with my mother-in-law, she had the veggie fajitas, and I had a chicken burro with green enchilada sauce. we both enjoyed our meals.
4	I probably wouldn't come here nearly as much if I didn't live right down the street. In all honesty, the food is pretty mediocre. However, I've found a solution that works pretty well for me: get really drunk, then eat. Four stars for Prickly Pear margaritas and being able to stumble home. The flour tortilla chips are pretty damn good and addicting. However I've noticed a suspicious discrepancy in torilla chip ratio lately, they seem to be hiding more flimsy corn chips in with the flour. Very sneaky and lame. And Fideo? Yuck. Uh no pasta with my mexican food please, I'll stick with the rice. If anything, get drunk and enjoy the wonderful patio on a nice day. I still haven't tried their brunch yet but they had me at Chocolate Fountain.
1	What a cute place!!That is about the only positive thing about Aunt Chilada's, unfortunately.  The food is not even mediocre IT SUCKS!!  Started with the nearly inedible chips and the dressed-up-ketchup salsa all the way through dessert was downright misery!  And the service sucks too :(
3	Bocce Ball's, that was a some spicy Tortillion!What do you think about when you think about Bocce? I know...my thoughts turn immediately to Mexican food, too!Aunt Chilada's has set up a bocce court right next to the walkway in the courtyard. When I first saw the bocce court, it was jarring...like walking by the sushi bar at Houston's...just because you can doesn't mean you should. But, someone near the top of the Chilada family may, in fact, be a marketing genius! That thing really got a workout while we were there the other day.The Beautiful Carin and I hadn't been back to Tia Chilada's in a year or so, but we needed to reconnoiter...my strong and handsome son, Zachary and his lovely wife, Sarah are visiting next week and they want to go (good memories of another great visit:)We wandered in at happy hour (absolutely the best time to visit the Chilada family). Lots of people drinking, eating chips and salsa, etc. (though not as many as past visits...the economy?). We had no trouble getting a nice table out in the patio area, so we could watch an Italian sports staple being played in a Mexican restaurant:)The people watching at Aunt Chilada's is wonderful..all walks of life, all shapes and sizes...all getting their drink on with cheap margarita's and cheaper cerveza:) It's a tried and true formula for the transition from drone infested, uptight (I know, a word right out of the 60's) work-a-day world to a somewhat more relaxed, slightly (or heavily) inebriated night-time world. So much fun to watch...esp. the guy with a six pack of margarita's under his belt, trying to bowl the bocce's. It would be pretty tough to generate a bocce injury, but I think he managed it:)The service was a pretty good...we never had to wait too long for refills and they kept the chips and salsa coming ( the flour tortilla chips are one of the best parts of Aunt Chilada's:)Carin had a serviceable chicken chimichanga, and I had something called a tortillion (which, interestingly enough is numeral based nomenclature for this dish, reflecting the number of calories per serving)...shredded beef, cheese, beans, tomatoes, bacon (bacon!!!!), wrapped in a giant tortilla, dipped in egg batter and deep-fried...it sounded better than it was, but I ate about  1/2 and brought the rest home (might still be in the fridge, growling at me...not sure..afraid to look:)Nope, it's not the best Mexican restaurant in town, and it's not the best bocce court you'll ever see, but combined, they make Aunt Chilada's a decent place to have a bite and a cocktail, and to play the games that people play:)
3	Wow, what a relief.  I am so glad to see an average Yelp rating of 3 stars.  I was worried that I was crazy because when I arrived, I read multiple "Best of..." awards (you know the ones), but by the time the meal was over, I was thinking, "Best of what!?"  I am so glad my fellow Yelpers agreed with me: this place has great atmosphere, but the food is average at best.To their credit, I walked through an incredibly great patio, perfect for Arizona winters, on my way to the main entrance.  But it reminds me of Tortilla Factory in Scottsdale.  You don't go for the food.  You go for the patio.
2	I have to give Aunt Chilada's credit - we stayed for a quite a while at an outside table drinking our margaritas until we realized that at 10:30pm we were the very last people there and that the restaurant had pretty much closed down around us. They had already picked up the check and never pushed us out so we had a relaxing evening.Unfortunately I was unimpressed with the food. The chips were light and crispy but the salsa tasted pretty generic. A spinach enchilada was very bland and a chile releno was mostly breading with a small chile and cheese but not much flavor. The two people who were with me agreed that their food was mediocre as well. We went with the frozen margarita only because we wanted a pitcher and the margarita on the rocks pitcher was much more expensive. The margarita was also unimpressive - perhaps the more expensive one would have been better but the regular on one the menu just tasted like frozen sour mix. We had a good time, but if I were to ever go here again I would probably just go for chips, drinks and appetizers which I could get somewhere else anyway.
2	On a Sunday night in July, we met up with some out of town friends who were staying at a local hotel.  The location was perfect for them - so, I called and made a reservation for our group.When we first arrived, the bar area was vacant - with the exception of one other table of 2 customers.  Since we had called ahead and let them know that our group would be there at 7, I was hoping for, at least, good service.Unfortunately, the service was really slow. More than once, someone from our group had to go find our server and request service.  Ugh!  While the conversation from our friends really kept us entertained, it's kind of sad when the server can't seem to remember why she came to work (make money?)While I didin't personally try one, the consensus was the margaritas were more like tequila shooters with fozen ice thrown in - which is fine if that's what you're ordering.Would we come back?  Maybe - if we have other friends staying locally.  Would I recommend it?  Not sure.  Plus Side:  Great patio with sand bowling.  Would be a great during the winter months.
4	Did someone actually refer to the salsa as Ketchup?! Oh hell no!! The salsa and chips are by far the best I have had in the valley. I was surprised this place got such mediocre ratings. I have been going here since I moved to the valley and it's always reliable.The location is great because it is so different from anyplace else; Mexican or not. Tucked back of 16th st in a more residential area, the patio is great and there is always room even when it's busy.  The service is always good and then there is the chips and salsa. I don't see how anyone can knock it, it's always fresh. The more pico inspired salsa is chunky and has a good amount of cilantro. The hot red salsa is more of a paste but more authentic and delicious with some heat. The flour tortillas chips are always warm and delicious. Most of the time I load up on chips so much I just get a Tostada and a beer or house margarita. When I used to eat chicken and dairy the chicken chimi fundido was something I always went for. I get the veggie burrito on occasion now but that isn't anything great, it's got plenty of veggies but nothing to write home about(if my home was in Mexico). The veggies in it aren't what I think of when I think Mexican, it has carrots, cauliflower, etc in it. No peppers, onions, etc.....oh well.I would just give it 3 stars if I didn't love the chips/salsa and location/ atmosphere so much. That bumps it up a star in my book. Salsa is like ketchup? Seriously? Sorry...I can't let it go.Oh yeah, for awhile in 2008 every time my girlfriend and I went here it seemed there was always a wedding party, high school reunion, or other annoying large group gathering. In 2009 we haven't seen as much of it but be warned, you can usually still dine, but half the place is reserved and you have to deal with horrible band or MC music and exhaustingly obnoxious people.
2	When the Chris Parker Project plays, Aunt Chilada's is a pretty good time, but the food is just so-so. They use fideo and beans as regular sides, but you can sub other sides with no charge.Our menu:Spinach enchiladasChicken tacosChicken enchiladaFideoRiceRefried beansHouse margaritaMargarita w/Tres Generaciones and Grand MarnierChips + salsaSpinach enchiladas were mushy and flavorless - probably frozen spinach and too much cheese. Chicken enchiladas were so-so, a little heavy on the sauce.Tacos and chips were great - flaky, made fresh, good eats. The salsas were both pretty tasty - one chunky and one smooth and spicy.Both margaritas were pretty good and not expensive. Sounds like Aunt Chilada's is good for sitting at the bar, drinking, and eating chips while you listen to the band. Go elsewhere for dinner.
1	As an (inexplicably) popular Phoenix destination, I've dined here over the years and been reasonably satisfied.  Service is tolerable, speed is tolerable, ambiance is tolerable.  It's a little overpriced for the quality but I was able to swallow it.Until tonight.  My group was seated out at a patio table which had the umbrella still on it so we were sitting in shadows.  We asked for a candle for some light- "We're out of candles, I guess we're not doing candles on the tables anymore."  The guy graciously removed the umbrella from the table which helped a bit.It was downhill from there.  Slow service on drinks, constant creepy lurking interruptions from the waiter, condescending comments during 2/3rds of the tables orders.  Snooty oblivious help from the woman who brought out our orders.  (If the people you're sending out with food can't answer simple questions with anything better than a blank stare, *MAYBE THEY SHOULDN'T BE CARRYING OUT THE FOOD*)Continually empty water glasses and slow service to the end, I left satisfied only in the knowledge that I will never patronize this restaurant again.
4	Hands down the BEST chips and salsa in Arizona. The flour chips and the salsa are soooooo good. Seriously - SO good. Its fresh and chunky and to die for it. Its almost worth going JUST for the chips and salsa and a margarita. I'm shocked that Aunt Chilads only has three stars - its one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley for many reasons. If you want an ambiance that makes you feel like you're in Mexico - this is the spot for you. Sit outside and you're surrounded by a cute bar, plenty of seating, music and lush greenery that just makes you feel like you're in a Mexican Cantina. I think they even had bocce ball. The margaritas are great and the food is good too. No complaints here.
4	Too bad the chips and salsa are so darn good because we filled up so badly we could hardly eat our meal. The food was still tasty, however: I had the chicken mole, DH had the chingalingas, and the kids each tried a mexican choice off the kids' meals. Our server, Sara, was awesome - she offered to switch out one of the kid's meals when he complained about it being too spicy. For the record, he ate it all and said it was delicious. We've eaten there before and decided the best place to fully enjoy this restaurant's fabulous atmosphere is out on the patio so go when the weather is just warm enough to dine al fresco and when it isn't crowded with a private party.
5	I have been visiting this restaurant for many years and have been present for the changing of the menu almost 4 times! I remember the food being better, so I have been upset with some of the changes, however, I will still make this a once a week stop.  The chips and salsa are AWARD WINNING and for GOOD REASON.  Ask for the flour chips only.  They are the reason to visit this restaurant.  Their chicken quesadilla is amazing and their food is decent, but definitely go for the chips & salsa.  You'll pay a bit much for the food, but it is definitely worth it.  Just remember to come for dinner early if you are visiting on a Wednesday or a Friday or there's only street parking available.  The bar gets to be pretty packed on these nights.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  They had some real good food.  Felt very authentic... or at least southwest mexican good!
3	I'm giving Aunt Chilada's a 3. Its ok. The service is ok. We went here this past weekend with a group of about 25 people. They sat us at 3 different tables. We asked our server if each table could have its own tab, so it would be easier for us and them to figure out at the end....they said no. Lovely. Luckily there was an atm in the bar area so we were able to pull out cash. The food came out faster then expected with such a large group. Mine was decent, though I ordered a cheese enchilada and they gave me chicken and never came back to ask how our food was :( BUT I also ordered a green corn tamale AND a beef taco (Leave me alone, I worked all day and was hungry as all hell) Those were both way super tasty. I do have big beef with their chips. They suck. Who wants flaky not so crispy chips for dipping in salsa...not me. I want my chips crispy, thin and crunchy thank you very much. The margaritas were good, they got me sauced. I wouldn't ask to go back, but if someone suggested going, I wouldn't put up a stink. Its ok.
2	There are so many more places you can spend your hard earned cash and get a much better meal. Telling the truth is not slander.  Yes, the chips and salsa are good. They, however, are not the meal.   I find the food to be bland with a mushy texture.  For example, the picadillo tastes like something you could buy a mix at a grocery store and make at home.  The restraunt is cute-looking, but dirty.  The rafters have dust bunnies.  The last unfortunate meal I ate there, we were seated by a group.  The restraunt was not busy at all.  The server never came to collect my card so we could leave.  I ended up taking it to the hostess.  If you want sub-par food, sucky service, and a dirty restraunt do go here.
3	We eat here quite often.  My parents absolutely love this place, so this is their place of choice when it comes to mexican food.  The salsa and flour chips are absolutely amazing, but the entree dishes are just okay to good.  The service here is hit or miss.  Overall, a good place.  A very cool patio during the nice months of the year.  Just don't expect to eat the mexician food ever here.
2	We went to this restaurant for a group meetup.  The restaurant was very good when it came to reserving and setting up our large table.  We enjoyed being in the company of others.  That said, the food was sorely lacking.Their chips and salsa are supposedly "award winning".  In all fairness, the mild salsa was unique.  It had a wide range of ingredients in it and was  tasty.  The spicy salsa was indeed spicy but there was nothing about it to make it stand out from other Mexican restaurant salsas.  The chips were unusual.  Some had the consistency of a deep fried pie crust.  In other words, they were very flaky.  Yet others were like chips found in other restaurants.For my drink, I ordered a frozen mango margarita with salt.  The mango flavoring was faint and there was very little salt on the glass.For dinner, I had a combo plate --- one chile relleno and one chicken enchilada.    The dish came with refried beans and "fideos" (noodles with a meat sauce).  The chile relleno was the worst one I've ever had.  It held together very poorly.  For example, when I was less than halfway through it, I cut off a piece with my fork and out came the entire remaining chile!  What was left was the batter and the jack cheese!  The chicken enchilada was generous with the chicken portion but pretty forgettable.  The fideos were certainly a unique touch and pleasantly flavored.The restaurant was very good when it came to accomodating those in our group who were vegetarians.  They were willing to substitute sides that had meat in them for a vegetable side dish.Service was friendly, prompt and helpful---no complaints there.  That said, I certainly won't go back when I'm in AZ.  Without going into too much information, the whole meal left me with a bad case of indigestion.There is certainly much, much better Mexican food to be had in the Phoenix area!
3	My Hubby found this place doing a drive by for one of his work's properties (he works for Century 21) & thought we should try it out. We met there today for lunch & it was gorgeous out so we sat on the patio.  Our waitress was Chelsie & she was really sweet! We started off with the chips & salsa. So damn good, the best we've ever had for sure! We decided to get an appetizer, although I regret it now because the chips & salsa were an appetizer in itself! Any way, we got the standard cheese quesadilla with sour cream. It was ok, too greasy for us. For our meals, my Hubs ordered the chicken fajitas & I ordered the shrimp tacos. They offer fideo & beans for sides but it didn't sound appealing to us so we got rice instead. We were already stuffed from the chips & appetizer so we hardly ate our meals but the few bites we did have were yummy!Overall we liked it here & will definitely be coming back! Maybe even for Cinco de Mayo which our waitress told us all about, sounds like a lot of fun. Either way, next time I come I am getting a margarita & dessert ;)
2	We went here on Sunday around 6pm.Its was practically empty we got our seats out on the patio and waited and waited for service.............finally she comes out from inside takes out drink order ok done brings it back and takes our food order we asked to start with dinner salads then proceeded to order our meals.Less then FIVE minutes later out comes our meals no salad we ask the girl where our salads were and she says I work in the kitchen I don't know where your salads are.OK excuse me...MMMMmm Forget the salad now we wanted it first not after.I bite into my Flautas YUK!!! They had to have been microwaved the meat was rock hard and the tortillas were like rubber! We complained but all we got was you don't have to pay for the salads well I guess not we never had salad!WE have been going here for years and this our  first bad experiance and very bad it was.
1	Bad, just bad.Food is underwhelming. My friend did not like her wine after one sip and asked the waiter to exchange it for something else. He actually balked and said he would have to check with the manager before he could do that. What???Are you kidding me? Big mistake. Then I tasted my incredibly weak margherita, all sweet, horrible. Yea, they sell you an 18oz. drink, but whats the point if it sucks. Decided not to deal with the bartender directly instead of flustering our waiter again. Walked up to the bar and in a very calm, and nice way explained to the bartender that I was underwhelmed with my drink, that it was too sweet and I could not taste a hint of tequila. Well I guess tha was an insult, and instead of dealing with me as a customer, she told me that she made the drink and there was basically nothing wrong with it and nothing she could do. Really?This is the type of badly run, corporate restaurant I cannot stand. No owners to deal with, no one that cares, just crappy service and a culture that forgets about the customer. Owners need to go into a Houston's and see how a large corporate restaurant should be run.
3	Ate here on a Wednesday night. We were staying across the street at the Hilton and it was nice to be able to walk there. Food was average. The flour tortilla chips were good. The service was fast. Price was reasonable. Not sure who thought it was a good idea to serve pasta with mexican.
3	Met friends for happy hour and dinner.  Outdoor patio was fantastic!  Decent margarita at a decent price. The chips and salsa were good. Not the most authentic in Mexican food but overall a nice evening.
3	I went to this place several times for drinks, lunch and happy hours and I think it is more for the atmosphere.  Their decor is fun and their Happy Hour is nice because they have a free chips / salsa bar available.  Last night, I ordered a Blue Moon I think it was 22oz for 6.50 and a Sour Cream Chicken Enchilada for about 6.95 (off of the a la carte menu)  and sat watching 2 baseball games with my hubby.  There were a few people at first around 5pm and the service was pretty fast, but as more and more groups started showing up the service was slower because it was just the two of us and the waitress had to deal with about 2 / 3 groups of 4 - 8.I totally understand being busy, especially when our food came out fairly quick in the beginning, but the meal itself was ok.  I think it is a fun place to be and their chips and salsa are good, but for food I think you will just be stuck with an ok.
5	Aunt Chilada's ...You gotta love it!  This place is great for meeting the Mrs. to grab a couple great drinks and some dinner after work.  The atmosphere and the service is a total pick-me-up, after a long day.  And, the food is incredible...sure I've had mexican food which is "more traditional" in Phoenix, but it always seems too dry for my taste.  I've been here a ton of times now, and I never come away hungry and everything I've tried from a lot of different dishes from burros and enchiladas to the chile rellino, and this food is always YUMMO (as our daughter would say).As far as fun, we ended up playing in a Bocce Ball game and we just missed the grand prize gift certificate, but we had a blast.  We also caught a great band one night, and my daughter danced up a storm.  At any rate, great food, great drinks, lots of fun and a kids menu that my daughter thinks is great.  I highly recommend!
4	I wanted to dislike this place. Hokey decor and ubiquitous gringos that come with any american-mexican joint; but maybe it was that I had come in with a huge (15+) group of people and was in generally a good mood from straight chilling on the next-door Hilton's lazy river that framed it positively.Big restaurant is big: no problem seating everyone, huge outdoor patio, chips and salsa constantly flowing.Had a Corona light and said to hell with counting calories tonight - it's time for Pollo Fundido, something filled with chicken and jalapeno cream cheese that there is no way you can finish in one sitting.Came away sated and generally happy with our servers and the copious amounts of beef/chicken/cheese/tortillas/more cheese that everyone at our tables got quickly and pretty tastily. Just get rice instead of fideo with your entree.Good for what it presents itself to be.
3	I'm a little conflicted in giving Aunt Chilada's a rating: I've been to the restaurant many times and would possibly say it's my favorite Mexican place to go for dinner (not that I've been to too many Mexican places since I just moved here and my boyfriend is a creature of habit).  The main problem is that the food has been a disappointment more often than not.Love the hand shaken margarita, which comes with your choice of top shelf tequila and a floater (we usually go with Cointreau).  The flour chips are also really delicious, even if they're not authentic Mexican.  I was iffy on the salsa at first, since it has most of the garden thrown in (olives being the main rogue ingredient), but it's really grown on me over time.Don't have too many recommendations on entrees.  The fajitas are ok and come with enough to take home for lunch or dinner the next day.  Pretty much everything else I've had has been a failure: greasy, oily quesadillas, dried out machaca and chicken in enchiladas, a chili relleno that was 75% breading.Thing is, by the time I've enjoyed my margarita and some flour chips out on the awesome patio, I don't need much else to make me happy.  Two stars for an indoor experience, four stars for the patio.  Average it out for three overall.
1	I just left this restaurant 15 minutes ago and decided to sign up for Yelp to write this review. Listen, Aunt Chilada's, before tonight... was a mediocre restaurant near where my boyfriend works. We'd sometimes go there for lunch if we needed a quick bite, and the salsa was good. So it was there to fill our need if we really had nowhere else to go. That being said, tonight was a disaster.I'm sure it's because they had a few large groups of people who'd already sat down before us in the banquet room, wherever that is. But we waited for over an hour for our food. When it arrived, my burrito had cheese in it (I am lactose intolerant and asked for none). The waiter was courteous and zipped back to get me my correct order, but came back a mere ten seconds later with a cold burrito. Really? I know I've already waited, but at least give it to me warm.All in all, the server generally ignored us because the table to our left was angry they weren't getting any food, and the table to the right of us had a solid 30 people in it. So, I get it in a sense. But it would've been nice to have them tell us straight out that they had a 46 person table on the other side of the restuarant that just ordered, and that the giant party to our right hadn't gotten their food yet either. It would've saved me a lot of time. Definitely was not worth the money, and never will return again.
5	Just ate at Aunt Chilada's and it was very tasty. Some people commented that they didn't like the noodles (fideo) with the beans but that was my favorite part! I didn't really care for them alone, but mixed in with the beans it was delicious! I ordered number 7 (cheese enchilada + green corn tamale) which was good, albeit pretty standard and my mom got the chicken tortilla soup which she said she would definitely get again. And I'd have to agree with the other yelpers- the chips and salsa are FANTASTIC!
4	Best chips and salsa in the wide world and delicious hand-tossed margaritas. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the atmosphere is impressive. Do yourself a favor and order the Creamy Chipotle Chicken. You're welcome.
4	I went to Aunt Chilada's on a gorgeous 80 degree day in December, so we were able to sit outside. The patio is pleasant and plush with lots of plants, flowers, birds running around, and a fountain. As many of the other reviews said, the chips and salsa are great! Since my date and I ate so many chips, we decided to share a fajita, which was good but nothing special. The service was respectable and our water glasses were always filled. I did not drink, but I saw a few margaritas go by that looked quite tempting!! I also heard they have bands on the weekends, which I want to check out sometime. It was a great dining experience and the atmosphere on the patio was wonderful! I would definitely recommend going here on a nice day so you can sit outside.
4	Great Chips and Salsa (especially the flour chips).  The meals aren't the most exciting.  But you don't come here for cutting edge reimaginations, you come here for the old school feel and reliable menu.  The Sunday brunch comes with a chocolate fountain for goodness sakes (a fad that should have died a merciful death about ten years ago).  Everything here is tasty, full fatty and will taste better if you drown it in the salsa.  The happy hour is generally packed and it's nice to see a place that refuses to change with the times.
4	Had just gotten off a long flight and wondered into Aunt Chiladas for the first time.  Loved the food and the margaritas !!  Will go back again.
4	Aunt Chilada's, you are like an old best friend.. I may lose touch with you from time to time, but when we meet again, things are the same and you are there to make me happy.Not a flour chip kinda girl...I dig for the old school chips. Your patio is cozy and where I want to be on a beautiful AZ day.Don't ever change your fun Sunday brunch. see you soon!
2	Look elsewhere, would be my advice.First of all, the much heralded chips and salsa were half-chips and half-tortilla bowls. Not a fan of that. And though it was nice to have a bowl of hot salsa and another one of milder, the mild one had olives in it instead of just being a good salsa fresca.The combination platter was good, but I forgot to tell them I wanted black beans and rice instead of refried beans and those noodle things (fideo?). My fault for not telling them, but it would be nice to be asked, when it is an option on the menu.Which brings me to my third point, the service was pretty bad. Guy at my table asked for a second beer, never got it. Salt was delivered on the glass of a margharita even when it was requested not to be. It took forever for them to even take our order.The best thing is that their outdoor patio is really nice, when the weather is good, especially.
3	What a bummer! This is our neighborhood hangout, and we've always loved the salsa and chips. We ate lunch out on the patio yesterday, and got one bowl of regular chips and one of flour chips. Then, as we read the new menus, we noticed that they are now charging $2.25 for any additional bowls of chips! And these are small bowls! My favorite part of going to ACs was the salsa and chips. Also, with a new menu you get, you guessed it, higher prices! And they eliminated our favorite lunch specials! The waitress said they are making their own chips now, instead of buying them, so, since they have to pay someone to make the chips, they can no longer just give them away in the same quantities. She said something about how so many chips were being left on the tables. I can understand raising prices. I can even understand charging for extra chips. But, I can't tolerate raising prices and charging for extra chips. At least put out a larger bowl of chips for the first batch!! This may seem petty to some, but to us it is a very big deal. We will patronize those restaurants that seem to value us as customers. Free chips are such a tradition, it's hard to have that taken away. Oh, and it was very nice out on the patio--loved (seriously) all the little birdies coming around for morsels.
5	Their new menu is AMAZING!! The grilled Basa fish is to die for!!! And they have Foursquare AND Facebook specials! So i got a FREE messy sundae and a FREE pint of their famous salsa all just for "Checking-in" AWESOME!!
1	I give this place one star, begrudgingly. The only good thing about this place was the ambiance and the service at the bar. I am appalled by the service we had at the table. I have never been treated so badly. We had a party of 6, and we chose a table on the patio. The patio was really cool and full of party goers, mostly large groups of people. We sat for about an hour and a half without a server, so we got our drinks from the bar.  No big deal.Finally we decided we wanted some food, so a member of our group flagged down a waitress. Big mistake! The server, Cindy, was the WORST! She was so rude. She explained that no one knew whose table ours was, so no one waited on us. My sister tried to order and she snapped at her, "I am waiting until everyone is ready to order!" I suggested maybe we should order from the bar and then she snapped at me, "You cannot order from the bar! You have to order from me." We ordered our food and, after several eye rolls, Cindy left our table. I seriously should have talked to a manager because she was so rude to our party. She continually rolled her eyes when we ordered drinks. The food came and it was awful. I ordered the shrimp tacos. They were completely dry and almost inedible.  I will never go back to this establishment. I cannot believe the treatment we received. This woman should not be in the service industry. I would think, in this economy, there are plenty if servers who would have wanted to wait on a party like ours. We spent $200 at table, not even counting the drinks we got at the bar. We are all upper middle class people; there was no reason Cindy would have thought we would not have tipped her well. I always give servers the benefit of the doubt; I was a server for 10 years, so I understand they have bad days. But this behavior was inexcusable and shocking. Cindy was the rudest server I have EVER had. I cannot even explain it in words. It wasn't what she said, it was the condescending tone, eye rolling, and abrupt responses.
2	I was browsing Yelp and saw all the bad reviews of Aunt Chiladas. I laughed because of all my bad experiences there myself. Every time I have gone there for food I have had a horrible experience. They have very limited choices for vegetarians. Now, I understand Mexican food is not vegetarian friendly. I am half Mexican myself. I know refried beans and tamales are traditionally made with lard and sauces and rice often have stock in them. I am usually able to ignore it if I can't taste it. Or a server will be able to offer me vegetarian options. Every time I have gone there and ordered the vegetable burrito or cheese enchilada combo, the beans tasted horrible. The last time I ordered food there, I was with a very big group of family and friends. I ordered the bean and cheese nachos. The beans tasted and horrible and I asked the server what was in the beans. He said there was bacon in it. I told him I was a vegetarian and ordered the cheese quesadilla. He informed me that there was lard in the tortilla. I told him I would stick to the chips and salsa. He told me there was lard in the chips. I asked him if there was anything without lard and he yelled at me (in front of the whole restaurant) that everything had lard in it. I sarcastically asked him if my margarita had lard in it. He smiled and said no. To be fair, I have gone there just for drinks in the bar a few times and had a good time. The bartenders were always nice and they had good bands playing. So imagine my horror when I found out my high school reunion was going to be at Aunt Chiladas. My $40 ticket included a buffet full of lard. At least 2 drink tickets were included. But I wasn't going to let a bad restaurant ruin my night of reuniting with my high school chums. So I had a good meal beforehand and hung out around the bar all night. The bar staff was great and I had a wonderful time. :)
4	Okay, you either hate the chips or you love them.  I love them!  We were pleased to see the new menu at Aunt Chilada's... finally some vegetarian options!  The patio is awesome, you can chill in the sun, enjoy cold beers, and play bocce.  Is it the best Mexican food?  No.  But it's tasty, and that combined with the patio makes Aunt Chilada's a great choice.
5	I love this place.  Frozen Margarita's are the best and they do not short you on alcohol at all.  Love the chips and salsa and the best item I think is the fish tacos.
3	Where else can you celebrate Cinco de Mayo with bands, an ice louge and a bocce tournament? ...no, seriously, where else? Their patio is amazing. They have a lighter, more fish-eatin' friendly menu than most of the other Mexican joints in the area. If you've never had it, the fideo is a little like a noodles-from-a-bag dish and I recommend skipping it.Their salsa is full of flavorful ingredients like black olives, but don't go here looking for fire. You'll have to head elsewhere to bring on the heat.
4	I sat at the outdoor bar under a straw rooftop and the March breeze cooled down the Phoenix 90-degree March heat and I truly felt like I was in Hawaii. The margaritas were S-T-R-O-N-G and the crowd was lively and fun!
3	We came here during spring break, so it was crowded and we waited about 1/2 an hour. We got seated and our orders were promptly taken. The staff is super nice! They were smiley and friendly. But our food was just okay.My dad ordered a dish that was supposed to come with peppers and onions and a bunch of stuff (maybe a burrito or something, I can't remember). What he got was fine, but later that night he realized it definitely didn't include all that the menu had described. I had a "special order", I asked for just tortillas on the side, and chicken and onions. When I got my food I had tomatoes mixed in with my chicken and onions... it wasn't a big deal, they were small pieces, but still... I thought it would be easy since I'd specified. Besides that though, my food was lukewarm and the foil-wrapped tortillas weren't even hot. My mom's food just didn't show up at first. Apparently they had some issue in the kitchen or something... the waitress acted quickly and the food came a few minutes later, so the issue was resolved. The best part of the meal, in my opinion, was the warm tortilla chips they serve. Chips and salsa, yum yum! Overall though, the food was okay, some of it was warm, some of it wasn't... nothing special about it though. Just a good dinner. Average.
3	Located in a fairly residential area, Aunt Chiladas has a nice outdoor    seating section along with a bar and bocce ball court.  The menu includes pretty standard items, tacos, burritos, enchilada's as well as some other specialties.The chips that everyone mentions were OK. They are more of a puffy chip vs. the crisp thin chip you normally see with salsa.For apps the table shared large tortillas covered with melted cheese, kind of like a Mexican pizza and some guacamole.  They were tasty.For entree, I got the sour cream chicken enchiladas.  The plate was huge.  2 large enchiladas covered in sauce and served with refried beans and rice.  They were good, but the chicken was a bit dry.  Others said the seafood enchiladas were delicious but I didn't taste them.  The chicken in chipolte sauce was good.If I had the choice, probably wouldn't be my choice for for a meal.
5	This is a fun place, it's huge with multiple bars and games to play. There was a live band the night I went. They also had $5 Tigers Blood margarita specials that tasted really good. I don't know how often those will be around. Try Tweeting your arrival there, you might get a big surprise like I did. Manager tweeted me back and bought me a drink
4	Chips here are great! Nice outdoor area that is dog friendly.  Food is good..not great.
2	Hmmmm... got a message from a manager/owner of Aunt Chiladas regarding my review. Still not sure how I feel about it.She informed me of the new vegan/vegetarian options on their menu and told me which items contained animal products. Helpful. I guess... But then she said their refried beans are made with bacon which is "traditional in Mexican cooking." Maybe traditional in YOUR family. Keep in mind my mother is Mexican. She said growing up her mother would refry beans in lard. But bacon? Nope. Bacon was a luxury. And after several members of the family became vegetarian my grandmother and other family members still made some pretty damn good beans and tortillas, lard-free. She then went on to say that the menu chosen by my high school reunion committee was not a menu I would have chosen for myself if I would have known the other options. Sigh. I have been a vegetarian my whole life. When I see a Mexican buffet, I can usually count on chips, salsa, beans, and rice. But the waiter who yelled at me said EVERYTHING had a meat product in it. And this was way before their "new" menu came out with vegetarian options, including vegetarian black beans. Her apology was half-a**ed. She apologized for my "experience".  She didn't even apologize for the unbelievably rude and mean behavior of the server who yelled at me for asking about vegetarian items.And one more thing I forgot to throw in my previous review. At my reunion, the bartender they had in the banquet room was awful. A rude, angry bitter old man. Just warning anyone who might have an event here. Luckily the party moved to the main bar and the staff there is awesome. See? I give credit where it is due...
4	This was a fun place, which had been recommended by a few people I know. A bit difficult to find because of the mostly residential setting and very crowded due to happy hour. In all honesty the service was slow though the server did keep coming back to apologize. Bonus was that for the healthy eater there were options. Often this is a very difficult task! I thought the chips and salsa were good - flour chip ones were great.I do wish that their "hot" salsa had been spicier though I do have a love of exceptionally spicy food & for me, habanero salsa is "medium". I would definitely go back though. Good evening overall.
2	Nice and accommodating wait staff. That was about it. Parking is weird. The front entrance is not where the parking lot is. It's on a side street. Then when you walk in you have to keep your kids from putting their hands in the algae filled fountain. I think the goldfish live off algae. They do wedding receptions there if you're into that sort of thing. The salsa and chips are overrated. The carne asada burrito was horrible. It tasted like charred asada. The kids liked the kids menu, but I've definitely had much better Mexican food. Please clean the algae filled fountain. Goldfish deserve better!
2	Atmosphere is fun; food no different than Mexican restaurants elsewhere (even Boston - Borders Cafe has better food). The chips might have been the worst we have had. We were expecting more given all the hype. And all the other reviews. Since this seems to be a chain, maybe we just had a bad experience at this specific one.
3	The food here is not good.  Let's just start with that.  It does have great outdoor seating though and they allow you to reserve tables for happy hour.  We often will walk down there and have a drink, grab some free food from the happy hour buffet and head home.  I never go to eat dinner or anything, but really enjoy just sitting outside with a beer.
5	There are no words to describe how amazing Aunties is. It's hidden away like an oasis in a paradise. It has beauty, style, class and dreamy like atmosphere. A dream you never want to wake up from. The place is huge there are two outside patio and inside room where live music happens on Fridays. Beside it's natural beauty on the outside it wouldn't mean anything if it had no substance. The people are what makes this place gold. They are unique, laid back, classy (most of them) and bring a positive upbeat, mature vibe to the table. From bar tenders to guests it's a lovely way to spend my Fridays after a long week at work.I recommend this to individuals who want to get away into a paradise but stay here on earth. To people who want to eat best nachos ever and wash it down with a ice cold beer. For a great night out look no further then Auntcheladas!
1	Been going to Aunt Chilada's for over 10 years now and I'm sad to see the quality of the food and service declining.  I had my wedding reception on the patio 11 years ago and could not have been happier.  Went for dinner last weekend for my wife's birthday and don't know if I'll ever go back.  Our group waited over an hour for our meals to arrive and during that time our waitress only came to the table once to take drink orders.  No one should have to leave their table and go to the bar to order a drink.  The one time our waitress did come by she said there was a mix up with our order.  When it finally arrived 3 of us asked for side of sour cream.  Unfortunately it never came.  Luckily for our waitress we had a large group so gratuity was automatically added to our bill.  Otherwise she would not have seen much.
4	I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to eat anything here, since I am a vegan. I was pleasantly surprised to see 'vegan tacos' on the menu. The tacos don't have a description on the menu, but they are 2 crisp lettuce cups filled with sauteed vegetables. The tacos come with a bowl of black beans. It was very satisfying. I was told by our waiter that the tortilla chips are fried in oil, not lard, but other reviewers had mentioned they are fried in lard. Not sure who's right on that one. We were will a group of 8 and we had great service for our dinner.
4	Flour chips r delicious!! And the bartenders are hot too! :)
4	Free buffet with drink purchase in the bar... spinach & chickn enchiladas were good.
1	Nasty. Terrible service, hotel food. Save your money or go to via de los Santos up the road!
3	Birthday party. 30 people. Buffet style.I wouldn't go there again, but it was nice enough for that night. Food wasn't spectacular, and there wasn't any sort of view.I guess it's a great place for a party, though.
2	Yep. Still sucks.Went their recently for a friend's birthday. Didn't want to but it was for one of my oldest friends and I didn't want to disappoint her. I only ordered drinks and had some chips and salsa. Drinks were good but the chips and salsa weren't great. The server seemed annoyed I wasn't ordering food, but do you blame me with my past experiences? I had a taste of my friend's cheese enchilada and vegan black beans the staff is so proud of. Not impressed.Yelpers please keep in mind that some of the 5 star reviews you see posted for Aunt Chiladas quite possibly may be an employee. How do I know this? Because I got a message from an employee after my last update. She said that she knows which bartender I am talking about that was rude at my HS reunion and said "he is really great, just not for banquets." She also said "I do not know why any server would yell at you, that is just ridiculous." And my personal favorite "And yes, there is bacon and lard in our re fried beans. I have no hispanic background, so I am not sure what is traditional. But they are pretty tastey." But then she says "With that said, I really hope you come back."Direct quotes. And this employee has a glowing 5 star review for Aunt Chiladas and she says nothing about being an employee. Isn't this breaking some sort of Yelp rule? And what business does she have messaging me unless she is a manager? Sorry but I wouldn't trust any Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area that has less than 4 stars. There are many better choices.
3	Service is decent, food is just okay, and location is a little hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for. It's a crazy fun place during happy hour - voted one of the best in Phoenix.
4	Great place to have good a meal; the set up of Aunt Chilada's works well for private parties; good outdoor seating as well.   I think you will enjoy the experience.
4	A tasty blast! Games, music, good food, great drinks and an authentic, uplifting atmosphere (especially the huge patio!)  I'll be back for sure.
1	Ate dinner here a week ago.  They advertised a free buffet for happy hour but turns out it is nothing more than chips and salsa.   They also have a fruit platter but who is going to eat that with the cantaloupe killing so many people. When we saw the "Buffet" we decided to try dinner.  Did not like the food. Just a tiny step above fast food.  The side dish was sone kind of noodles but they were cut up in about 1 inch pieces.  The beans were mashed and I almost gagged on them.  The chile relleno was the best part of the meal but still not up to par with the Barrio Cafe,  I do not plan on going back here again.  Can't believe their quality of food since they are located in a high class neighborhood.Their adsvertising photos below are terrible.  Photgrapher used very bad lighting and it shows.
4	Good food, good atmosphere, friendly staff.Patio is dog friendly, they even brought out water for our 130 pound rottie, he loved it! Great place to take the kids, they love the free chocolate fountain.Chips and salsa are fabulous!
3	We went here while visiting our son and grandson in PhoenixI cant say that I was too impressed with the meal. I got a beef tamale and 2 beef enchiladas which were OK but far from anything special. The Fiedo was pretty tasty and we both thought that the chips and salsa were good, especially the flour ones.Will we go back, possibly during happy hour for the free buffet and because the chips and salsa here are very tasty.
3	Great local place. I was staying with a friend right down the street so Aunt Chiladas became the "go to" place when we didn't want to drive anywhere.  I tried the chicken and spinach enchiladas as well as the seafood enchiladas on different visits.  The chicken and spinach enchiladas were bland but the seafood enchiladas were very good, containing shrimp and bay scallops. Each was accompanied by rice and beans, traditional although I thought that the beans had an overwhelming lard flavor.The complimentary chips were good - including both flour and corn chips. The mild salsa was flavorful, with black olives in it...interesting.
2	We went there this past weekend.  There are always private parties going on during weekends, so be prepared to wait to get seated.  Once we got seated, we were right in the middle of traffic, which was not very pleasant.  My husband ordered a chimichanga, which he was not impressed with.  I ordered the fish tacos, which were really good.  We do love their salsa and chips.  In the past we used to come to Aunt Chiladas frequently.  The atmosphere is fun and laid back.  We felt like something had changed this past trip, aside from the menu.  We didn't get that warm fuzzy feeling we used to get while visiting.  I don't think we will be back.
3	The Food: Average Mexican Fare.  It's not the best you have ever had, but not the worst either.  Aunt Chilada's best point is the patio.  Go for happy hour, or a light dinner.  Sit on the patio, have a few beers, and some apps.  Take out of towners and locals.  Play some bocce and chill.
3	After my review is a History of Aunt Chilada's from their site- excerpted:We went for lunch Saturday around 11:30am. A Group of 6 adults. My wife and I visiting from Denver, the  rest live in the area. My son recommended the place and we went with him, his wife and their Realtors. We thought the restaurant was nicely decorated, they have an area for bocce ball play, they say they are dog friendly. My wife liked the lit fireplace. When we arrived, there was only 2 or three other parties there for lunch.  When we left, they started filling up. Guess we need to leave a place more often to help the business :-)What we Ordered:  Soft drinks for everyone.Sour cream enchilada, El Pollo Fundido, Two item combo, Lunch Rellano, Spinach Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Avocado Salad, Caramel Flan, Sopapilla (nice they served the honey in a small bowl with a spoon), Caramel FlanWe also had chips and salsa. Chips were a combo of puffy and toasted. Salsa was mild. Over all thought they were okay. I happen to prefer crispy chips myself.Everyone thought the food was delicious, I had the Chicken Avocado salad, it was okay. I'm not much on Mexican food, and usually it doesn't agree with me, so I ordered a neutral dish.  I've ordered sopapllia before, these were triangular in shape, and I thought over done, and more chewy then I remember from other places.  Flan tasted pretty good.  The place seems okay, the Realtors, said they felt it was good and would try the other one that's in the area to see how it was.  I don't think the other Aunt Chiladas is associated with this one.I think it would be a good place, and would try the other dishes, as well as come back some evening to see how it is.  We came because my wife and I always enjoy visiting places with a history.Below is History of Aunt Chiladas from their site abbreviated:Shortly after the reluctant surrender of Geronimo (1886). Arizona was still an untamed territory, and Aunt Chilada's North Room was built on the foundation of the only general store serving the laborers working the Rico Mercury Mine... After a long day deep in the mines, the men emerged appearing somewhat inebriated and dreamy-eyed from inhaling the mercury fumes. As they walked down the dusty road to the general store, people were heard to remark, "The men are back from The Dreamy Draw".Following the repeal of prohibition, Dave and Jesse Noble, the land's owners at the time were granted the first liquor license issued by the State of Arizona.The store was later reopened as The Peek Steak House, getting its name ..from a uniquely placed and somewhat revealing window set in the ceiling of the bar (now the Tienda). Throughout the night, scantily clad women would climb into the attic and perform a hootchy-kootchy dance while patrons sneaked a peek through the window. This infamous bar and restaurant again found notoriety as it began a new life as George's Ole! George Cocherham was..a captain in the Phoenix Fire Department ... He used over 3,000 Santa Fe railroad ties, native stone from the area and a little help from his off-duty firefighter friends, George expanded the building to its present size. George made one other important addition, he purchased Arizona's Original smoker from Gentleman Jim's Barbeque at the corner of 16th and Oak Streets, and moved it to the Garden Patio where he not only smoked traditional meats and fowl but would also smoke game animals brought in by his customers....The same tradition exists today. Aunt Chilada's still slow roasts a variety of delicious meats, chicken and vegetables over aged mesquite wood every day....In the early 80's, Bob Gosnell bought the restaurant, renamed it Aunt Chilada's and made it a member of The Pointe's growing family of restaurants. It became known as " The Hideaway", by the locals... Ken was the overseer of food and beverage operations.... in January of 1995 Ken along with his partner, Lee Midtun, purchased the restaurant.The Nagels - Ken, his wife Candice and their four daughters - now greet and serve guests.
4	Best tortilla chips I have had even if the salsa is half ass. The entrees are also above average and the ambiance really does give you that Mexican cantina feel.
3	Stopped in for lunch with my two sons.  The last time i visited was over 18 years ago (I don't get to Phoenix all that often).  The outside patio was great, especially for a group from the frozen north who don't sit outside to eat in December.  The menu was adequate, with a good selection for lunch.  Chips and salsa were interesting, mild.  Food was well prepared and portions generous for the price paid.  Service was good.  Overall, a good, but not outstanding experience.
3	I had expected more greatness from this place. The salsa was good, service good, atmosphere ok. I was a lone diner, and they sat me back in a dark corner. I had brought a book to read while eating, but couldn't even see the pages. The best part of the menu was the ceviche. If a restaurant has ceviche, you know the food is good. I cannot resist raw seafood. The tortilla soup was ok, and the chips and salsa was above average. The chips were REALLY good actually. The bloody maria (tequila rather than vodka) was also average, nothing special. Heck, it was even on special and the waitress charged me full price.With all the advertising saying this was the best mexican place around, I expected alot better.
2	My friends go to the free buffet most Fridays after classes so I joined them.I was excited because they rave about how good the food is and the drinks are cheap!HOWEVER....the buffet was set outside on the patio where it was freezing so the food was cold and gross. Why would you put uncovered hot dishes outside. Sternos cant keep up with that.I guess starving students are less likely to notice cold food??I would rather pay than eat that buffet again.Makes me wonder how their regular quality and care to food temps is.Not excited to try that again.Cute outside space, games and places for dogs.Spring may be a better time to enjoy this venue
2	We were invited here with some friends and the food and drinks and service were alright.They were not terrible, but not worth going back for. Just very cheesy and greasy and I am sure a fat and calorie bomb!
3	We took the family out for dinner on a Thursday night.  The kids wanted chips & salsa, gotta love'm!It is a bit hidden of the beaten path but Yelp & iPhone map took us right to the front door. The patio is really interesting. It was a bit chilly for our taste, but others were bundled up and enjoying the patio. We sat inside near the fireplace. The chips & salsa were good, not the best, but not the worst by far.  Three of us shared fajitas and our son had a cheeseburger & fries, very authentic "Mexican", only my son!! The burger didn't last long, it must have been awesome because he had already had a basket of chips on his own. We enjoyed our fajitas, our daughter has been on a fajita kick for about three months now. Guess its less expensive than the Prime Rib kick she was on the eight months prior. We had a nice evening, but Aunt Chilada's is a bit far for us to drive for Mexican food.
4	Chips were great, enchiladas were great, and the ladies loved the margaritas! It's got a fun atmosphere and excellent service, will definitely go again! It is a little hard to find tucked behind the hilton and some apartments.
4	Forgive me Aunt Chiladas! I`m so ashamed to admit that I live in your neighborhood, have been coming here forever and just now writing a review! Better late than never!Ok what I like about this place: Best Happy Hour around- drink specials and free buffet! On Fridays they have live music and it gets packed. On beautiful weather the patio areas are great to be hanging out!Sundays- awesome brunch with a chocolate fountain.Margaritas- frozen, on the rocks, top shelf, etc- love them here!Chips and salsa- love the flaky, crispy chips here! Not a real fan of the chunky salsa( I like mine hot!) but you get two kinds- the chunky and a red mole style which is spicer so me likey!Grreat  place for groups!!! And the patio is dog friendly!For Cinco De Mayo- come here! All day live music fest!!ps, the inside is more intimate for dinner, I am a fan of the sour cream and chicken enchiladas! I love coming here!!
1	We went with family who go here on a regular basis and were underwhelmed. While I see the appeal of the all you can eat Happy Hour, the rest of the experience left a lot to be desired.  If all you want is a couple of drinks and a couple of small plates of free mediocre tacos - then by all means, knock yourself out.We wanted an actual dinner so we went to the other side of the restaurant to get a real table away from the happy hour crowd. And there we sat, with nothing but chips and salsa, for at least 25 minutes. Two different servers took orders and attended to other tables within view and not one person even acknowledged our existence. When we attempted to get their attention, we were ignored. We finally got up and left and went elsewhere.  Based on the menu options and the quality of the food at Happy Hour, I'm willing to bet there are probably a dozen other Mexican restaurants in the area that offer better food and service.
4	Aunt Chilada's is one of my favorite places to eat outdoors in Phoenix, when it's not cold, and when it's not 100 million gazillion degrees. They have rockin happy hour specials, great margaritas, and pretty good Mexican food. It's a little gringo, but it's yummy, and when my parents were buying, it was great! ( I ate here a lot in college).I'm a fan of the chips and salsa, too.
4	I used to live walking distance away from Aunt C's, and it was always a good time no matter what night we'd pay a visit even before the bocce ball court was installed.  The prices I think are a little inflated for their attachment to the Squaw Peak Hilton but as a regular you figure out that the flour chips and salsa fill you up VERY well and a couple of cold beers/margarita's go a long way with an appetizer and can be considered a meal.  There may have been (very) few slip-ups over the years of visiting thus the 4 outta 5. But I have to admit we had our wedding rehearsal dinner here in the back room and they handled everything exceptionally from the whoops, we need another table, to wowing my new family here in AZ as well as my family from back east with great food and sopapillas (yum!), as well as keeping the margarita pitchers filled all night.  The outdoor patios and gardens make this place feel as though it's your own back yard, keep up the good work Aunt C's!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Okay so we had an awesome Yelp event here tonight! I thought the service was superb! I thought the drinks were great! I thought the party favors were a hit! Just a note on the food... it was buffet style & I enjoyed all of it! I especially loved the corn tamales... they were spectacular! Cheesy, Creamy, and Corny.... just like me! LOL =) I loved the atmosphere... there was a lot of old town feel & history here! You should stop by & pay a visit. Nice going Aunt Chilada's, you know how to throw a party... real live donkey & all!
5	Yet another fabulous Yelp event held at this locale. Great food.....and I am not a Mexican food lover at all....but again the food was very good. The atmosphere is authentic Mexican....a Bocce court right next to the walkway....fantastic patio for our yelp event....good live music....and there was even a "Hell's Kitchen" celebrity chef serving up shrimp in a grille pineapple. Yelp done it's usual prize giveaways....which are always fun....there was fiesta theme for this event and there was even a "Adult" penyata which I don't think anyone was able to break open....LOL!!!! I found out they even do a free buffet during happy hour Monday-Friday 4:30pm until 6:30pm.....that's awesome. So while I don't drink or really like Mexican food.....I highly recommend this location for it's authentic feel and great patio to sit under the stars and Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	AZ icon at its best. The place itself is amazing, the owners and staff are freakin cool. The food is always great even if you go for the happy hour only!If you can check this place out and bring 1 or 17 of your buddies,.,,
5	Attended a yelp event here tonight with my boyfriend.....never been here before. The food was excellent and it was served buffet style. Had beef tacos, taquitos, tamales, chicken wings....followed by fried ice cream, sopapillas and flan. All of the food was wonderful, tasty and packed with flavor. Enjoyed all of this on the outside patio.Will come back again.
4	Was here last night for a Yelp event.  Reason for the missing star - The handicapped stall in the ladies room on the patio - Its door latch/lock is broken.  Couldn't keep the stall door closed.  Being almost 30 weeks pregnant and maneuvering in a regular stall - Not fun.  Other than that - I've always loved this tucked away location!!  :)
5	I went here for the yelp event and it was great! The venue was great and huge only problem was the parking. I love the name of this place! there was even the bar outside. I ate buffet style but there was so many chips. I would hold a big party group here and the name of this place is funny/amazing.
4	This place is a little tucked away hidden treasure! The venue is awesome with so many areas to sit and enjoy. The Yelp event I went to had the exclusive use of the large outdoor patio - totally cool, right? It is so open and had great space for the stage, the buffet set up and other little fun attractions set up around the place....hello beer burro! It immediately had me thinking about what kind of party or celebration I could have on this patio...guess that means I'm sold on the venue, huh?The food was great and offered a lot of variety. My favorites were the tamale and the desserts. The service was excellent and the staff was super friendly. Definitely a fun place to stop by for a good meal, a good drink or if you want to have a full on fiesta with you and 50 of your closest friends! Ole!
5	Aunt Chiladas hosted the latest Yelp event and what an event it was. The food was excellent. i was especially partial to the tamales...ate several. the chips and salsa at each table were excellent as well. the margaritas from the bar were nice and sweet/salty, just the right ratio. we'll definitely check them out again for their regular menu!
1	I've had waaaay better Mexican. I grew up across the way from the barrios in Santa Ana so I know me some good Mexican.Pros:-Cute outdoor decor. That was it.-the cheese crisp was ok.-they had flour tortilla chips that were pretty tasty and a nice change from corn.Cons:-Food was not good. I can make better Mexican, and I'm Asian.-ceviche tasted like frozen shrimp mixed with salsa. -drinks were watered down. I ordered a margarita and it came with a side tumbler so I was excited until I tasted it...watery. Verdict:Would not go again although it was fun following the chilies on the path back to my hotel.
3	There is better Mexican food around. This place is just ok and will do in a pinch.
4	We have been going to Scottsdale in April for the last 20 years for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival. About 10 years ago the consierge at our hotel recommended Aunt Chilada's for great Mexican food. We have been going back for lunch ever since. We fly into Phoenix, have lunch at Aunt Chilada's, then drive to Scottsdale. We always look forward to their great salsa and chips, especially the flour chips. Last year I ordered my regular taco salad and was very disappointed when it no longer came in a flour tortilla shell. My new favorites are the fish tacos and chile rellenos off of the lunch menu.This place doesn't necessarily have the best mexican food in the country but the outdoor dining, pleasant atmosphere, and very cold beer on a hot day, always hits the spot.
1	What the hell?  I have never experienced a restaurant go down the toilet so fast.  Its like a bad night in mexico.  Service sucked, but the food sucked more.  if by chance you want the blandest food this side of england, this place is for you, but if you want any form of mexican fare, you'd be better off going to taco smell, and I am no fan of fast food, whether it be from north of the border or farther north of the border.  I used to be a big fan of the Aunt, but I can confidently say I will never, ever give this place another try, it was really that bad.
5	Every Friday night, there is live music and every single time we've been there, the band has been awesome.  It's a great atmosphere.  You can hang out inside and dance or go outside and sit down with your friends and still hear the music.
5	Every time I have come to Aunt Chilada's I've had a great time along with some delicious Mexican food. I've tried their fajitas, enchiladas, quesadilla, torta, taquitos, and even the fired ice cream (don't typically get dessert at Mexican restaurants) and all have been very good. For what it's worth, I once went with a friend who doesn't like Mexican and she said Aunt Chilada's had one of the best burgers she's ever had. I can't vouch for that though. I recently tried the El Pollo Fundito and it was awesome. Probably about 2000 calories, but awesome.This place is huge! Lots of indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor patio is my favorite on a beautiful spring evening. Great happy hour. A perfect place for group events. Live music on Friday nights. Trivia on Wednesday nights. Bocce Ball outside. Friendly staff each and every visit. Nice view of Piestewa Peak!I really don't get some of the negative reviews of this place. Each of my dozen or so visits to Aunt Chilada's have been very positive and I will continue to return.
3	If eating in a filthy daycare center is your idea of a great dining experience, this is a must try place for you!  We stopped in for brunch last Saturday when we were feeling in an adventurous mood and looking to deviate from our tried and true brunch spots.  It was a beautiful day so we asked to be seated outside and as the hostess lead us to our table, it became apparent that there was NOWHERE on the patio and perhaps the entire restaurant that would offer us any solace from the excessive number of running, screaming, sticky fingered children who had apparently consumed too much sugar at the chocolate fountain.Now, I understand that when sitting outside in the Phoenix area, tables and chairs aren't always spotless due to the dust factor, but one would have expected that our plastic tablecloth would have at least been wiped down sufficiently to remove the layers of food that had accumulated over what I'm guessing was at least the past few months.  After a significant wait, a server (not ours) showed up with some water that was served in glasses designed to hold enough liquid to quench a toddler's thirst (although, given the number of toddlers present, perhaps this was intentional) and some chips, salsa, and hot sauce.  The chips were of both the flour and corn tortilla varieties and were rather heavy on the grease.  The salsa was so mild, the only real flavor that it had was that of the sliced black olives in it, which is not necessarily a quality one seeks in a salsa.  The "hot" sauce was actually just as mild as the salsa and was served in a glass bottle that was so filthy and had so much food stuck to the outside of it that my hands were actually sticky from touching it.  At long last, our waiter finally showed up to take our drink order: a mimosa for me and a bloody mary for my husband.  After another ten minutes, he finally reappeared with the drinks and had I not been quick to cover my white shorts with my napkin, we would have been heading home for me to change since he'd spilled the bloody mary while carrying it and cluelessly reached across me with it to set the drink in front of my husband, causing a stream of spilled tomato juice to run down the plastic tablecloth and onto my legs.The only redeeming factor that pulled this place up to three stars was actually the food.  I ordered a two item combo with a cheese enchilada and a bean & guacamole tostada and when the food finally arrived, it was clear a one item combo would have been more than enough as both items were huge.  All of the tostada ingredients were fresh and tasty and the cheese enchilada was flavorful too.  My husband had the huevos rancheros which he also thought were quite good.  This place is definitely a good value for the price as it's very inexpensive, but having heard that they actually host wedding receptions here, I would have expected a lot more in terms of the atmosphere and service.  It's a place that we won't hurry back to, but won't cross off the list as I've definitely had far worse food and overall dining experiences at other Mexican restaurants in the Valley.
3	I went to Aunt Chilada's at the recommendation of a friend who used to bartend there. When I arrived, I was immediately asked if I was meeting a party here. Nope, it's just me... I was seated and brought a menu along with flour tortilla chips (yum!) and salsa. I started with the cheese crisp. This thing was amazing!! It was a cross between a sauceless pizza and an open faced corn quesadilla. So good. In retrospect, I would've finished that and eaten less of everything else.From there, I ordered the 2 combo plate: Cheese enchilada (how could I go to a place named Aunt Chilada's and not order one...) and chicken taco. The enchilada was good, and the sour cream I ordered with it had an almost whipped texture. I took one bite of the taco, and decided against it. It was a crunchy corn tortilla, the chicken was breaded and fried (crispy chicken in a taco?). If I went back, I'd stick to the cheese crisp and a 1 entree plate.There is also a banquest room, and a large outdoor seating area with a bar and bocci ball court.
4	I love this place! The atmosphere is really great, especially the patio when its not too hot outside. The bocce court is a plus as well. I've been here to watch sports events as well as to hang out with friends on the patio; Aunt Chiladas is good for both! They have a wide variety of beers as well as really great margaritas. I've never been disappointed with the food, although the service has been a little slow at times. I'm not sure of the exact schedule, but they also sometimes have a free food buffet outside!
5	If only more restaurants could be like Aunt Chilada's. I'm happy that I have been able to visit several times and look forward to many more visits in the future!First of all, this place is oozing with history. Did you know that long before Arizona was even a state, this establishment used to be a brothel? Yes, a brothel! Well now, it's of course the furthest thing from a brothel but you can still feel the history living in the walls and parts of the restaurant feel like stepping into a different decade all together.Second of all, the environment. If there's a restaurant that screams party, this is it and I'm talking about a party for all ages. Whether you're visiting with family and looking for a lively establishment with plenty of patio seating, fun games and hearty food, or you're out with friends eager to share some laughs over margaritas, live music and trivia night, this restaurant's got your covered. This is the ideal restaurant for large parties, private parties and more. They have two very large patios with two outdoor bars, a huge indoor bar area, a spacious main dining room and a more private dining room in the back (that happens to be the original building that housed the brothel!) Third, let's talk about the activities. This restaurant knows how to keep their guests entertained! They have live music, trivia nights, bocce ball tournaments, chocolate fountains on Sundays, and special events including a fiesta bash on Cinco de Mayo...just to name a few. Fourth and finally, the food. The food is solid Americanized Mexican food. The Nachos are hefty, the pollo Fundido is cheesy & creamy and the quesadillas are a good greasy (the kind you want when eating a quesadilla). This food is exactly what I would expect and hope for when visiting Aunt Chilada's. It's the perfect type of food for this family-friendly, fiesta inspired establishment. PS - did you know that these fine folks also happen to own Rustlers Rooste...that awesome cowboy establishment in Tempe complete with a live bull, slide and two stepping? Yes, these folks know how to have fun!
5	Every year in the dead heat of summer I retreat to Hilton Squaw Peak and my first stop (after the lazy river of course) is Aunt Chilada's. Oh, the atmosphere, the history of the restaurant, the food and the friendly faces make me feel at home every time I am here. Whether it is sitting outside at the outdoor bar or seeking refuge in the air conditioning it is simply the best part of my trip. All I have to do is follow the painted chili peppers from Hilton ( I actually use them to get home if too much patron was consumed .....just kidding. I call the Hilton to have the golf cart pick us up! Duh! No, really that is available for hotel guests!) The fish tacos are the best I have ever had and I am a snob from California.  The salsa is southwest style and really good. Very good beans and rice and free buffets daily at happy hour. Who can complain! Bands on Fridays are fun too. Overall this is a gem in the desert. Always featured on Fox TV  and was also spotlighted on Drinking Made Easy. If you haven't been then you are missing out! Live. Love. Eat at Aunt Chilada's.
5	Chips and salsa are great! Great friendly staff! Awesome homemade hot sauce!
2	Well, got off to a bad start.  We were told that the wait would be 30 minutes, was closer to and hour and fifteen.  We were shuttled from the Arizona Grand so leaving wasn't a good option for us.Finally we were seated, two of the staff recommend the spiced pork.  I did not think much of it, but everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their meals and the portions were ample.  I wish I would have ordered something else.
4	I've had nights where I'd give it a 5 star and nights I wouldn't give it a 1 star, but whenever it's been bad they always do whatever they can to fix it.
3	This place has a fun atmosphere. It has a live band on Friday night as an example. I ordered the Sea Food Enchiladas which was pretty good. It was stuff with cheese, shrimp and scallops wit sides of bean and rice. I cleaned the whole plate and I don't usually eat beans.  Tip - parking isn't always the best.
3	My favorite part about this place is the chips they bring out for the chips and salsa. They make their own flour tortilla chips. Yes, flour. The texture is a fun and an interesting change from the typical tortilla chip. They do throw in a few regular chips, I think to fill out the bowl and satisfy those who like normal chips and salsa better.Their salsa is good but I am not a fan of olives in my salsa. Seems like a odd addition, but easy enough to eat around.If you go on the weekend they have a free chocolate fountain between 10am-2pm. The first time I saw it I thought it was an odd compliment to a Mexican food meal. But hey, it's chocolate... So do yourself a favor and have dessert first. You want to make sure you have room, right?They do offer a free "buffet" during happy hour. It used to be better and more offerings years ago but it's still nice to have complimentary food to munch on during happy hour. Good food. Standard Mexican fare. Not a huge fan of the enchilada sauce, which I keep forgetting since I typically get a burrito "enchilada style". But I keep coming back for those delicious chips and forget I should get something different from my usual.
5	Great food!
4	I'm giving four stars because I love to drink and Aunt Chilada's is one of my favorite places to drink. The food is OK, not good but not bad (I'm from Southern California so my standards for Mexican food are very high and sadly the food here doesn't cut it enough for that fifth star)But the place is so cool that I would bring anyone here despite the fact that I could have better food elsewhere. Every time I come here in fact, it seems like I discover yet another dinning room that I didn't know existed. You have THREE bars to choose from, my personal favorite being the outdoor bar by the bocce ball court. It has a cool tropical feel that almost makes me feel like I'm at a resort bar (the resort bar where all the drunks hang out)The servers are always friendly and the crowd that hangs out at that bar are always a good time. It's just a fun place to hang out and people watch. I love to come here and get my drink on.The bonus for me is that I live pretty close so as long as I don't ever stumble on to 16th street into oncoming traffic, I could probably walk home.
4	I was curious how Mexican food would be as good in Phoenix as it is in Tucson when I went here for a rehearsal dinner.  We were seated in a separate room in the back for our party but it seemed like a really fun place to hang out.  There was live music, plenty of different areas to sit in, and a lot of people enjoying themselves.  We had a buffet and I was very impressed with the menu options.  One of the dishes was green corn tamales, which I don't regularly see at Mexican restaurants (maybe they take too long to make?) and they were perfectly cooked.  Another surprise was a healthy green salad that really complimented our meal.  Sometimes when I eat Mexican food I don't feel like I am getting enough of a vegetable serving and this went perfectly.  The chips were also a big hit with everyone as they seemed to be fried and were a change from the traditional chip.  I was impressed by the flavorful and chunky salsa as well.
4	I am giving Aunt Chilada's a four because the service was outstanding and the chips and salsa were good.  Not sure of our server's name (table 35 or 36 last night) she was funny and excellent.   Even sang a little song about the food for us.  The food is average at best.  Nothing noteworthy, just standard food.  The drinks were good and they had live music playing which was nice.  It is a good place to drink but I would think twice about eating there again, unless I wanted an average tasting meal.
3	The margaritas are wonderful as are the chips and salsa.  The rest of the food was okay, not great.  The service was wonderful.
2	1. They may be open until 2am, but they don't serve food after 10:00 PM.  It would be nice if this were listed somewhere on Aunt Chilada's website. 2.  Who puts black olives in their salsa? Maybe this is some sort of Tex-mex thing. But as a native southern Californian in love with Mexican food, I have never experienced such a thing.3.  The fideo was super soggy.4. My family went for lunch on a weekday.  There was some sort of work banquet going on in a back room.  There were possibly two or three other families eating in the other main rooms.  Our server seemed to be working hard..every time we saw her.  Unfortunately, there were times that she disappeared for way too long.  5. Half of the orders placed had something wrong with them.  I ordered black beans and was given refried.  Every family member with a chicken dish complained that the chicken was drier than wood.  My sister ordered a salad with chicken and received one meat-free. We didn't ask for corrections, because considering how long it took for us to get any food, we would have had to wait to dinner to receive the corrected meal items.6. The wood bench, manikin and old blanket in the entry way sorta smells like musty cat urine.  I think it is long overdue for a cleaning.7.  I have been to this restaurant many times over the years. I was sad that this last experience was so marginal. Overall, the food was okay--worthy of three stars. The prices and quantities were good.  But the inaccurate orders and the lacking service (which I think comes from being understaffed instead of bad skills) drop this place down to a two.  I will update my review when/if I ever return.  Until then--go only if convenience dictates that this is the best place for you (you are staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort without a car), and go with the expectation that you will be there for a long time.
4	Quintessential  and kitschy old-school Arizona. The food, while old-school Mexican, is actually decent and props for offering fideo.  I'm willing to overlook the fact that it can smell like cats or my grandma's place because of the building's pretty interesting history.
4	Great!
4	The food is okay, but the margaritas, and chips and salsa are awesome. Besides this, I really love atmosphere. The outdoor bar and bocce ball court create a cool and inviting feeling.
5	We visited Aunt Chiladas patio because we wanted to bring dogs.  We were welcomed so nicely!  They have a whole area dedicated just to dogs so you are sitting with other dog friendly people that come.  This is such a great place to sit and relax and have lunch.  The food is fantastic.  We are vegetarians and they added Vegan fajitas to their menu.  They were fantastic!
3	This has one of the best patios in Phoenix. If you're looking for a place to have a margarita, people watch, and enjoy awesome weather, this is the place to be. I love the food.  I personally can do without the flour tortilla chips; I'll usually dig through to get to the corn ones! The salsa rocks and I've always had good service.  A Phoenix must-visit IMHO.
3	I was really in between a 3 and 4 stars for this place. We came for happy hour which is the bomb. Free chips and salsa, little cheesy tortilla things, and fruit. They had some good drink deals... but I was the lowly DD. Service was slow... and when I say slow I mean like a turtle walking in molasses. It took about 20 minutes just to get a soda. I could have driven to Frys and bought my own. The atmosphere is ok, just bar-ish. The food on the normal menu is wayyy over priced for Mexican. I ended up ordering the fancy shmancy hot dog which you can personalize. I asked for guac on mine but didn't get any. It took about 45 minutes to even get my hot dog and I was so hungry I wasn't going to let that thing out of my sight. If  you do happen to stumble upon this place ask for the flour tortilla chips-I could live my life happily only eating those things :)
2	Food was average but I give it 2 stars because the service was terrible. I could not escape the smoke from other peoples cigarettes as we were seated outside...there are better Mexican places to eat in Phoenix. I guess that from reading all of the other reviews most come for the drinks so if that is your poison, maybe this place might work but I would not recommend eating here
1	This place has gone so downhill. If I hadnt gotten my chips, salsa & water immediately, I wouldve walked out. Margaritas are always awesome. But the service and food is straight up AWFUL. Microwaved enchiladas, no rice, rude, cold, unfriendly, uninviting service...If you're looking for a fabulous, neighborhood mexican restaurant, try Las Glorias Grill. The location isnt as great, but the food, service and drinks, blows this place outta the water. After years of going to aunt chiladas, Im NEVER going back again. They dont deserve your money either....
1	This is a difficult one, because I use to love Aunt Chilada's.  So here's what happened yesterday.  My family decided after much talk that we wanted mexican food, so I suggested AC, because even though I haven't been there in like 3 years, I us to love the food and service.  When we arrived around 3pm, we notice that there were hardly anyone there, my husband thought that was strange.  We decided to sit inside because the outside looked pretty lonely.  The guy at the door directed us to the right of the restaurant, there were one group of two ladies, that were leaving and us... so we wait, and wait, and wait... then a group of about 4 people sat down, and we still waiting... I notice that we didn't even have water, we looked around and there were two girls sitting to what it looks like the back area, complaining and talking, I know cause they were loud.  Out of know where comes this waiter and completely bypass us and went straight to the table that came after us... My husband looked at me got up and we left... that's when the waiter said hi... it was so bad.  What I also noticed is how dirty this place is, the fixture have pounds of dust, everything is dusty and looks dingy, so my though was, what is going on here, my husband responded, if this place looks this bad, I wonder about kitchen... sad, so sad, WHAT HAPPENED TO AUNT CHILADAS...WE ARE NEVER COMING BACK.  Down the street is Los Reyes de la Torta, is on a little strip mall, but the place is clean, service is impeccable and food was amazing... at least something good came out of all this.
3	The food was good but not spectacular. The atmosphere and service was great. I love the bocce ball court is great. Fun to play while enjoying a cervesa. I'm very willing to give this place a 2nd chance.
5	We have been to Aunt Chilada's twice in the last month and each visit was extremely enjoyable.  On the last visit, we sat outside close to the bocce ball court, of which we took advantage to play several games while waiting for our meal.  The chips and salsa are awesome (we all actually like black olives in our salsa, so that is a nice addition to perk it up), with the homemade flour chips our favorite.  My margarita on the rocks was nice and tart.  My daughter and I both got the chile relleno plate; the relleno had just enough spicy heat with a light, crisp batter coating.  My husband said his chicken quesadillla was great, and my son, who is not into Mexican food, had a burger that was cooked perfectly medium.  Tres leches cake made a perfect ending to our meal, and there was enough so that all 4 of us had a healthy portion.  This gem of a restaurant is hidden away off the beaten path... I'm glad we found it!
2	Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night.
1	This place....Oh My.....Well if you're a vegetarian...RUN. I got stuck at this place due to a corporate event my company hosted there. Let me say, how excited I was at the idea of Mexican food at the Christmas party. Then my vegetarian instinct kicked in when I got there....hmm....lets check for lard.I asked the waitress who was going around...slowly I add but it was a busy night so maybe the service is faster when there isn't a huge event going on. (I'm thinking understaffed?....hoping?) Anyway, I was then informed that they cook their beans with bacon. What? Yes. Bacon. So there went the idea of a burrito, a tostada. Depressing. I ended up eating the very "ehh" chips (deep fried tasting and thicker than the typical chip. I'd venture to guess possibly flour chips?) I'm not a big drinker so the allure isn't there for the bar aspect. I will honestly never be back and from what the people who actually did eat there said I didn't miss anything.
1	Terrible experience, don't sit on the patio. We waited at least 25 minutes after being seated for lunch.  Nobody ever came to our table.  Finally somebody showed up and went to 2 other tables who had showed up 5 minutes or more after us.  She didn't have the courtesy of saying "I'll be right there". The place was slow so there was no excuse.  Not sure if the food was any good. We walked out.
4	Our first visit. A nice place with a charming al fresco patio - a good place to take out-of-town visitors for a Southwestern experience. Since it's on the Dreamy Draw cycling route and very close to the Arizona Canal cycling path, a fine place to stop and lunch if one's on a ride in the area. The flour chips and salsa were delicious, the fish tacos and the pollo fundido were yum, and ice cold Modelo amber is on tap! Service was fast and attentive - my one complaint is that while a bottle of cold water hit the table immediately, water glasses never did appear.  I suspect that milady wife and I will become regular clients. Food - three and a half stars, service four, and ambience a solid five.
1	The atmosphere is decent, but the food is absolutely terrible.  It is nothing but chewy meat covered in cheap cheese and grease.   The quesadillas are served in a pool of grease and the nachos are some of the worst in Phoenix,  The quality is an insult to the prices charged and an affront to good Mexican food.  Stick with the beer.
5	Aunt Chilada's does a very good job with all the Mexican restaurant standards as well as some creative dishes.The bad reviews almost scared me away. I'm glad I went anyway.
2	Great set up, great location, great flour tortilla chips, but everything else not so great.  I have tried a few different dishes, and they were not very good.  Too bad, it's a cool set up.
1	OMG. Worst restaurant experience I've ever had in my 50 years of existence. Here's the experience went1. Right out of the gate...Our hostess who seated us told us the fruit and chocolate fountain were included with the meal. My girlfriend grabbed two pieces of melon and two strawberries.When our waitress did finally decide to show up 10 minutes later we both ordered a cup of Albondigas soup without rice. She made a snotty remark that we should get the bowl of soup because the cups were small. She then barked at us that if we don't order an entree that we would have to pay $8 for the four pieces of fruit. I said whoa, hold on. We are ordering entrees. She replied that a lot of people come in just for soup. All of this is going on while my girlfriend and I are still reading the menu to decide what we wanted. I want to know what other people just ordering soup has to do with us.2. After 30 minutes the entrees arrived. I complained that it took way too long and the waitress said they had a large party and that is why the food took so long. Mind you I ordered 2 enchiladas and my girlfriend ordered a gound beef tostada and it took 30 minutes...no shit. How hard is that to make? I told her that we are just important as any other customer in the restaurant. She sent the manager over and he said the same thing. Large party sorry. I told him I don't care about the large party. Not our problem. That was it...he walked away. I looked around and the place was practically empty.3. I ordered beans and rice with my meal. The waitress didn't even have enough courtesy to listen to me. She brought me fideo (mexican pasta) instead of rice.She also brought fideo and beans for my girlfriend who ordered her tostada ala carte.and charged us for it. When my girlfriend ordered just the tostada the snotty bitch complained that my girlfriend wasn't ordering more.4. After trying to eat what was very poorly made food (we couldn't eat it because it was horrible) we went to pay the bill and noticed extra charges. We complained again. This time the manager did not come to talk to us. He told her to tell us the meal was comped. Since we couldn't eat that crap, that was fine with me. My girlfriend was going to taste my enchiladas and without asking one of the bussers took my plate away.5. Finally I asked to speak with the manager and a waiter called him (Marty) and the manager turned around and yelled across the bar that he was too busy. He LITERALLY yelled it. Then he noticed me standing there and said Oh, I'm sorry. I replied no I'm sorry that you are too busy. I told him I would never return. That was the last straw.The waitress was a snotty bitch and never checked on us once except to give us the check. We had to ask other wait staff to get our waitress more than twice. If you are smart you will not waste your time or money at Aunt Chiladas. Over rated and over priced. This place should be out of business.Oh and the Chocolate fountain is disgusting. I've seen people pick up the fruit with their fingers and cough and sneeze in it.
4	Best. Chips. Ever.  It makes me sad when I reach the bottom of the bowl and get the boring tortilla chips.Fabulous margaritas.  You never feel like they make them properly until you've had 3.Outdoor dining is awesome.  I really enjoy the outdoor bar.  Comfy and fun.Shrimp tacos are to DIE for.  Perfect amount of food (seriously...you need more than two?  Chew your food.  Your pants will fit better.), well-seasoned, and presented with great sides (big fan of the rice).Seating has never been a problem any time I've gone.  The place is HUGE.  It gets a bit loud on live music nights, but that's really to be expected.  You shouldn't eat here if you want a cozy, quiet, dimly lit corner booth with privacy.  It's a family restaurant.  Big fun to be had!
3	Really liked the food. The fiancee's sis got some sort of veggie fajitas...I'll DEF get that the next time I go back. Not much else to say, it was a mexican restaurant. They are so numerous in Phoenix, it's hard to be super impressed. I'd definitely go back though. Everything on the menu looked tasty!
5	"THE BEST" happy hour for Friday nights.The chicken wings go fast since they are the best in town and TOTALLY FREE every Friday for happy hour. If you get there AFTER 5:30 most likely the tacos, and chicken wings will be gone.
2	Had dinner on a Monday night. They weren't real busy. We had called 4 hours earlier to get a table for 12. They were not set up for us when we arrived. The dining area was about 25% full but they had to take 15 minutes to put a table together, by the fireplace. We had to have them turn the fireplace off as it was too hot.Drinks ordered and it took another 15 minutes to get any of them to our table.I tried to order Huevos Rancheros which is not on the dinner menu. Other mexican restaurants will normally make this. Not Aunt Chilada's. The waiter said the chef would chew him out if he took any special order to the kitchen. Again, they were not busy and they have Huevos Rancheros on their weekend breakfast menu.I've eaten at this restaurant before when visiting Phoenix. This was by far the worst experience of all from the service to the food and just the general attitude about us as customers.
3	If you love good old chips and salsa to start off your meal, you will be in absolute heaven.  I am not usually a big fan of fried stuff, but they have a crisp fluffy taste like the bottom of a tostada as their main chips selection.  I felt like I can almost eat a basketful!I ordered chicken fajitas.  I have had better seasoned fajitas, but it came with a lot of good salsa and guac to enhance some lack of flavor.  The overall ambiance is excellent here because you feel you are in a "casa" than more of a restaurant.
3	3.5We went here for dinner with a good friend from out of town.* I liked the spicy cheese bean dip, it is kind of unique and very tasty.* I like the variety of chips (corn and flour)* I like the bottles of water and the tiny glasses.* I like that they add black olives to their salsaHubby and I shared the special alambre tacos, our friend ordered the same.They were tasty but not great. 3 tacos with small tortillas (double tortilla), rice and beans.It also comes with sour cream, guacamole, cabbage and pickled carrots.Guacamole tasted a little fake but I am not so sure about it.Hubby had iced tea and it was not refilled promptly... overall he spent quite some time with a glass full of ice.Also, they seemed to be extremely busy for a Thursday, I think they can afford to have toilet seat covers for their lady customers : PThe bathroom is small and there was a lot of traffic, it made me remember my party days (long gone)We were in the back room, which is not very loud compared to other areas.I didn't have fideos this time, but I think it is a nice touch that they offer that option.
1	Somewhere between BAD & BLAH...describes the bland food our group had here. The setting is very nice & the margaritas are good but that's it. The food was very bland, lukewarm, just disappointing. Usually so-so Mexican food can be made more tolerable with some salsa but even the salsa here doesn't help. Also, if there are unruly children using the bocce ball court crashing the balls into the wooden frame like when we were there, it makes the lovely outdoor patio a much less desirable place to be.Definitely will not go here again.
4	Great atmosphere for the plus 30 crowd. Indoor and outdoor bar areas. Live music is usually very good.  I've been there about half dozen times or so and every meal was good. Lively and fun, good vibe.
5	WHY does this place have bad reviews!?!?!? This place is awesome. I literally have never had mexican food this good....EVER!First of all, they have not one, but TWO types of chips for their chips and salsa. The flour torilla chips are the bomb. I could've eaten all that they had. They have black olives in the salsa. Seems weird, but it is delicious! Guac=fabulous. Had margaritas and they were of course great! We both got the pollo fundido per our waiters recommendation. I was mindblown at how good this was! I am still dreaming about it! I cannot wait to return here! We sat on the patio with other visitors and had a ball!
4	Nice place in the middle of a residential area making it a quaint local spot.Really enjoyed the Pacifico on tap ($4.25/glass) and the Nachos gustivo pequeno ($9.00 for small).A bit pricey but still a fun place.
1	So dissatisfied we went to Denny's afterwards.  Sour cream and lime extra charge for your tacos?  Not going to eat here again.
3	Overrun with people on Cinco de Mayo. That's not bad. Big gringo party night.What's bad? Weak cocktails in little 4-oz Dixie cups for $5.50. Starting a tab at one bar and needing to close it out when you go to another of the 4 bars inside because the cash registers don't talk to each other. No food service at any of the bars.So probably not the best night to review the place, though I've been there several times over the years on non-"holiday" nights, and it never really succeeds in impressing much--in any way, really. . .
5	So, I finally made it to breakfast club this morning here, and let me tell you, I really enjoyed both. I got to meet a new group of people and eat at a new restaurant, and I was extremely happy with both!For starters, I got here at 10 am sharp, and realized that this place is closer to my house then I thought. I know they have a couple locations around the valley, but I think they have one in Tempe aside from this location as well.When I arrived, the place was colorfully decorated and there were people slowly streaming in. I found my group, and we all sat on the patio.  Our server was super attentive, and I realized when she handed me the menu, that they had a weekend breakfast deal with healthy good looking food.  Yes, you can order from the main menu, but they have a great separate menu for their breakfast stuff on Saturday mornings.  The server informed us of the complimentary chocolate fountain with fruit inside as part of the Saturday morning breakfast thing.  After we placed our orders, I went inside and grabbed some fruit and dipped it all in chocolate.  They had strawberries, cantaloupe, marshmallows and a few other items to choose from.  So tasty!I reviewed the menu and decided to go with the fruit bowl with granola and a $3 Mimosa.  One of the other girls with me ordered the same thing as well, and the others got some good looking dishes as well.The fruit bowl came out and it was so good looking!  Holy cow! I really enjoyed the whole thing and overall, the prices and the food were awesome.  Service was great too, and I will gladly be back in the future for more.  Thank you breakfast club, you have made my day...and aunt Chiladas's
3	I went here for the Breakfast Club on Saturday morning and will have to say that the company was 5 stars, but the food and experience was more like a 3 star. We all sat out on the patio, which was nice. They gave us chips and salsa...the salsa was a little odd (had olives in it) and the hot salsa was not hot, tasted like slightly spiced tomato sauce or something. The chips were really good though, they were fried flour tortilla chips, not the typical corn. They also give you a free trip to the chocolate fountain, which was pretty good. The fruit was fresh and the chocolate was....chocolate...seriously, can't go wrong there. With breakfast, I got a mimosa which was only 3$, so that was pretty good. It was nothing special tasting, but it was cheap and alcohol. For breakfast I got the benedict with chicken. This is where they kind of went wrong. The chicken was dry and did not seem to be cooked fresh, or if it was, it was overcooked. The eggs were messy, the person poaching them let the whites go all over so it wasn't one cohesive egg and the eggs had slid off of the chicken by the time it got to me. The hollandaise was ok, but nothing special...it is supposed to be jalapeno hollandaise and just had maybe a slight spicy taste. The plate came with some dry looking beans that I did not eat and some potatoes that were nothing special. The BF got the pancakes, which were dry and tasted like they came from a package. I wouldn't say 'no' if I were invited back here, but I wouldn't come back here for breakfast on my own. I would like to come here for drinks one night as their patio is nice and they have a bocce ball court (which is awesome!), but I probably would pass on the food.
4	Was here for the 5th meeting of the Breakfast Club UYE. Such a great group with a few regulars and a rotating band of others. I always enjoy meeting new people and it is good to see the regulars as always.It being Cinco De Mayo month a Mexican theme was chosen and Aunt Chilada's was the place. I have been to the Tempe location a few times but I think I might prefer this one. The patio area was really great. The weather was perfect to sit outside. Probably the last time it will be. I like the fact that the main restaurant has been there forever. I like historic old buildings.We sat down and a few others trickled in. Our waitress brought us out the chips and salsa and also informed us to not leave the table unattended because the birds will have no problem stealing your chips. She took our drink orders and once everyone was seated and ready our food orders. I settled on the Chorizo con Huevos with the eggs over easy.My food was very good. According to the menu the dish contained Jesus's homemade chorizo which was "heavenly", wacka wacka. I have never had this before but the eggs with the meat was very good. It was all stacked on a crispy blue corn tortilla. It came with a side of re-fried beans which had a little bit of a skin on them but once I stirred them up they were fine. The entire meal was delicious.They do include a chocolate fountain with all breakfasts but I am not that into fruit so just had a few chocolate covered marshmallows.I will say that the service was a little slow but with all of the great conversations going on it was a little hard to notice. Plus it did take a little while to get our checks and get them paid but the waitress did split them up for us which they don't usually do for a group as big as ours. Overall she did a great job for having two large parties plus other tables to deal with.I would like to go back again and try the other breakfast items plus maybe some of the dinner selections.
4	A friend of mine was staying at the Hilton next door and wanted to meet up for drinks and appetizers.  He suggested this place.  The name sounded cool, so I agreed and we met up on the patio.  After browsing the menu and discussing it with our server, we decided to order:Chips & Salsa (complimentary)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=cLT5Wnz9Gp7PpSv8f6iwlg#cLT5Wnz9Gp7PpSv8f6iwlghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=dV_M46k5280NMAqvRZt_HQ#dV_M46k5280NMAqvRZt_HQCheese Crisp, $6http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=LtpyLqMZkia9aPWfXvC4hw#LtpyLqMZkia9aPWfXvC4hwNachos (Pequeno), $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=VXfowISEUAeqLwrwY2rjAw#VXfowISEUAeqLwrwY2rjAwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=DdwA5S7yePK3kdfctervSA#DdwA5S7yePK3kdfctervSAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=hQjsDYxPVzIu-sYbjOiRXw#hQjsDYxPVzIu-sYbjOiRXwCheese Enchilada, $8.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/aunt-chiladas-phoenix?select=T6nvfwi5K01mipaE745_-w#T6nvfwi5K01mipaE745_-wThe Chips & Salsa were average, nothing special.  The Cheese Crisp was pretty good.  The Nachos were very good as well....they heap the toppings on it as you can see in the pictures above.  Of course, I had to try an Enchilada....how could I come to a place named Aunt Chilada's and not have one?!  The Cheese Enchilada I ordered was very good, above average.  Our server was very attentive and made sure our glasses remained full.  We dined on the patio around happy hour on a Wed evening, so it was full of business people after work.  The vibe was very fun and the weather perfect.Return Factor - 86%
4	It was 5th meet up for the The Breakfast Club UYE and this time Aunt Chilada's was picked. We sat out on the patio, thought why not while the weather was still ok.  Aunt Chilada's has a farm fresh breakfast menu you can order from, but they also let you order lunch if that's your thing. Another plus, they accepted reservations for breakfast. That made things so much nicer. We were a party of 10, so any time I can get a reservation in, its helpful.One of the things I noticed was the salsa had slices olives in it, that's interesting, went well with the chips though!With our breakfast we also were able to have items from the chocolate fondue fountain, and you be believe I had some chocolate covered strawberries, pineapple, lady fingers, marshmallows, oh and more strawberries, and this was before I even ordered breakfast! hahaI have to say service was a little slow, but there was a couple of big party's at tables, who would have thought on a sat morning, this was the spot, there was even 2 parties  for Monica, that other Monica must have been cool to pick this spot haha.I ordered the egg burrito, past few breakfast clubs I have been to a breakfast burrito or 2 have been ordered so I have just been craving it! This burrito had scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes (my top 3 favorite things in a breakfast burrito) and I added chicken to it and asked if they could throw in some jalapenos in it for me!  I wasn't expecting much other than a breakfast burrito, but when it came out I was shocked, it was a huge burrito, and had home styled potatoes, refried beans and the burrito was covered in melted cheese. I was in heaven!  I topped the burrito with salsa and cut into it! Omg it was delish! The jalapenos were fresh and perfect! This was a good breakfast burrito!If you hadn't thought of Anut Chiladas for breakfast, you should and go give them a try! The Farm Fresh Menu has plenty to choose from. And I have to say I did see the yogurt and fruit dish, and omg it was the best looking one I have seen, fresh layered fruit, just beautiful in color, topped with yogurt and granola, it looked amazing.Again thank you to everyone who attended The Breakfast Club!! It's always a pleasure sharing a meal with you guys!
2	Checked out the famous happy hour on a Friday version and also was told this was a decent pick up joint. Neither were as good as the hype. The buffet is free yea, but you better get there early to avoid food poisoning. The chaffing dishes are left open (due to long lines?) and the flies, which are all over the place, can have a field day. It was a cloudy day on Friday, but if its hot and sunny and the flies are around and the food is exposed, it all could be the perfect storm. And what is up with the tiny plates? You got people doing all kinds of balancing acts with one plate of ground beef, another with taco shells and some even trying to balance a third plate with a potato burrito I think and some fruit and broccoli. Give us bigger plates - we are adults. Tried a few tacos and they were OK. Beer prices were good at $3.25 a bottle and they had a band play later.   This wasn''t  a pick up place either unless you like your women over 60. Lots of retirement parties on this night, but the overall crowd age was over 50. Still, can't beat drinking outdoors in nice weather, so that is a positive for sure.
3	So I am eating my words from my review in 2010.  The dust bunnies on the ceiling are still there - I looked (minus a star).  We ordered the cheese crisp to start and it was really good.  The tortilla crust wasn't soggy at all and it did not swim in oil.  Both salsas went well with it.  I ordered the fish tacos.  The fish was not rubbery and had plenty of fresh flavor.  The plate also came with a lemon wedge and a lime wedge.  Perfect meal.  Also liked the Spanish rice much better than the fideo.  The rest of the table ordered the quesadilla sampler and a bean burro.  Both looked pretty good, but I was too busy enjoying my tacos.
3	Ehhh - pretty much lukewarm feelings for Aunt Chilada's. Have been here 2x since moving in mid-2010 and most recently on Cinco de Mayo 2013.Sat on patio area and literally waited about 10 min for some menus. Our server took our order and then overlooked (2x) our drink orders. Finally got our drinks after 15 more minutes. Honestly felt that the entire dining experience was "locate-and-chase-the-server-down" game. :( Food was decent (only ate chips and bean dip).Best part of experience? Finally getting the damn check to end the cat-n-mouse game and the cute ducks waddling in from their pond. :)
3	Okay, if you want some music and dancing, this is a cool place for Friday and Saturday nights.  I think Aunt Chiladas was in one of Will Ferrell's movies.  So it is great for that, the layout of the restaurant is worth seeing, but the food is mediocre (with the exception of the AMAZING flour tortilla chips and salsa).  Go for a few beers and a good sports room.  Eat the chips and salsa and enjoy that.  Like I said, dancing and a good band right in your face is pretty darn cool on the weekends.   TIP: Sunday nights is open mike night.  Bring your stupid and get up there!!  Hahhaha, see you there!
3	I came here for the fifth meet up for The Breakfast Club UYE . . . and also finally lost my UYE "V-card"; haha! It was nice to finally meet others in the Yelp community. This was my first time visiting the location and trying their breakfast. Have visited the Tempe location by the Arizona Grand several times for dinner / drinks.The service was a little slow, but there were several large parties. No big deal, I was too busy enjoying all these awesome conversations and getting to know others.Complimentary chocolate fondue fountain - Hello, pineapple and strawberries! I ordered the Huevos Rancheros - Nothing special - not horrible, not amazing. Shout out to Monica O. for organizing this event; looking forward to attending many more!
4	I always have a great time at Aunt Chilada's.  My latest and favorite thing to order is the El Pollo Fundito.  It's so cheesy, meaty and saucy!  I've also tried the quesadilla, torta and the fajitas before and all are great choices.  This place has great decor such as a nice patio and an outdoor bar outside for the perfect spring nights.  It has Bocce Ball, a band on the weekends, and good staff.  The service is usually good, with the exception of one rude waitress we had.  I took my mom here when she visited and we had a blast.  We drank, ate and danced to the band.    I also threw a surprise birthday party here for my fiance, Paul.  We reserved a part of the back patio and it turned out perfect!  It just so happens there was a very fun band playing that same night.  I will be back to Aunt Chilada's for some grub and drinks and I recommend you try it too!
1	Have been there many times over the years and always thought it was decent food and a cool place. Went with my daughter for dinner recently and it was the WORST Mexican food I have had for ages, No chips were serve or offered. My chimichanga tortilla had the consistency of wallboard. My daughter's chile relleno was all coating and no filling, I can't remember now what else she had, but it was equally awful.  Her beans tasted old and sour. The pasta dish they serve instead of rice was bland and really not improved by the stale frozen peas. I also paid $2 for less than a spoonful of guacamole on my chimi.I had a reasonably ok impression of the place before--cool environment, if a little run down, nice location and outside amenities, fair Arizona/Americanized Mex food. Nothing spectacular. Wow. what a let down. It may have been a bad night, but when EVERYTHING is TERRIBLE, I'm not moved to shrug it off and try again. The beer was fine, but for $40, I would rather go to one of the -Bertos's drive throughs. I'd get MUCH better food and a lot f it.May you have better luck, but in the area, you are better off with El Bravo or even Ajo Als.   Based on my last meal, I would give this place NO stars if possible.
2	I will summarize my wife and I's experience with Aunt Chilada's in one word: BLAND.  It was pretty forgettable.  I will say that their flour nachos were scrumptious, and if you find yourself there, grab some.  Our food was nothing but soggy tortillas slathered with melty cheese.  No seasoning whatsoever.  We were on vacation from New York and we had better Tex-Mex there.  I only hope we can find the real Tex-Mex or actual Latin food in this area.  Also worth noting the wait staff was not very good.  Our hostess and waitress both served us in regular old street clothes and did not look professional at all, and their  demeanor more or less matched it.  They checked in on us only as etiquette required and disappeared as soon as we wanted something.  The only saving grace was a nice youngish waiter who helped us out even though we weren't his table.  The rating says it all: don't settle for Aunt Chilada's,  at least not on Monday nights.
4	This is a fun spot! The house margaritas are good, and the guacamole is delicious! I'm a taco fan, and their beef tacos can be just want my frazzled mind thinks about following a really tough day. I love that the patio is incredibly dog friendly! I bring Edie here often, and they give us a bowl of water for her every time we sit at a table. The servers are very friendly and attentive. The patio is excellent, with a bocce court, outdoor bar, and sweet view of Piestewa Peak! My friends and I frequent this neighborhood joint regularly; the bonus is I can almost justify chewing down on their awesome chips and salsa with the walk there and back!
4	I hadn't been here since the yelp event last year. The chips and salsa are to die for and it it took everything in me not to eat all of the, since I call myself being "good". I did order the shrimp tacos (sans the tortilla) which were delicious and the service was great. I will definitely come back again to see how things are during happy hour and heck just for the chips and salsa.
1	Pathetic translation for a restaurant.  People heed to the Yelp stars! Waited 35 min for food, we walked out. The service was so so bad.  The salsa was horrible, tasted like a can of El Pato chile.  The waiter was perspiring and kept wiping his face with hands & touching everything! Disgusting! Hostess were high school rejects lacking customer service.  The restaurant is dark the ceilings are filthy.  We never got  passed the chips & salsa.  Thank God we walked out when we did! Will never return.  I give it 1 star for diet Pepsi. There is an abundance of excellent restaurants in area.
5	Flour Chips are the BEST!
5	Two words: chocolate fountain. Two more words: TORTILLA CHIPS. Let me elaborate. FLOUR tortilla chips. They're incredible. Like, can't stop eating them incredible. They're like little triangles of heaven melting on your tongue. Salsa, guac, hot sauce, it's doesn't matter! I eat them plain! By the handful! I actually dipped the tortilla chips IN the chocolate fountain.But I'm getting ahead of myself. The decor at Aunt Chilada's is rainbow cactus chic. Not a dull table or view from anywhere in the restaurant. The service is top notch. You can tell a lot of people have been working here a while which makes me believe they treat the staff well. The plates of food are large, complete with refried beans, pico de gallo, lettuce and cheese. All of which you can scoop up with the TORTILLA CHIPS FROM GOD.But really, the food here is incredible. The chocolate fountain is on Sundays for brunch. And the tortilla chips are all the damn time. It seems a bit off the beaten path, but well worth the drive. It is a must-go every time I'm in the area. Go forth and salivate.
4	This place has changed a lot!The addition of the outside, tiki-esque bar and boche ball give this place a much more relaxed feel.I came here for my very last Breakfast Club UYE. We came specifically because the chocolate fountain is included w/ brunch. Quite honestly, I couldve done w/out it. A bit too sweet, but the fruit was good.Our large group was seated on the patio, thankfully, while the patio weather was still bareable. Our waitress was a bit slow, which was puzzling considering we were one of 3 tables in the entire place. She did a good job keeping all of our checks straight though.They have a good number of selections on their brunch menu. I chose the Mexican eggs benedict over the traditional. This one comes w/ chicken instead of Canadian bacon. It was really good, though Id go for the traditional next time due to the dryness of the chicken. The hollendaise was seasoned nicely though, and the eggs poached perfectly.Id definitely recommend this for a brunch spot, especially if you have a major sweet tooth.
4	Stayed across the street and went for a quick dinner. I was with a large group and I tried to change their minds about going here based on the Yelp reviews. Service was very fast and the food was solid. When my travel takes me back to AZ (Next summer) I will most likely stop by again ...
5	Five words: Back Patio, Happy Hour, FridayFirst: Back Patio. There are two patios at Aunt Chilada's. One is in the front when you walk in, with a bocce ball court and an outdoor bar. The other is through the restaurant in the back. I recommend this back patio. It's very large - on warmer days they have the misters flowing freely, and the cool strung lights at night. The trees around it make it feel somewhat secluded, and as the temperatures go down, this is the perfect spot to have a margarita or beer.That being said: Happy Hour and Friday should really go together. During the week, Aunt Chilada's has happy hour snacks for free. Usually enchiladas, chips and salsa, etc. But on Fridays, they step it up 5 notches. The happy hour food goes on the back patio, where you can get chips, usually taco meat, beans, enchiladas, veggie tray, fruit, salsa, etc. for free. They continuously refill the free food while it is happy hour, so don't fret if the enchilada tray is empty. One of my favorite patios in Phoenix.
4	Very good food with nice outdoor bar. Inside bar and table area is large and nice as well. Chips served are not your standard chip you would expect.
3	This place gets 3 stars and mainly for the atmosphere and homemade chips. I give them 5 stars for the atmosphere, but other than the chips the food just isn't that great. This place has the potential to be amazing, but it falls a little short.  If you want a fun experience, good drinks, and a cute atmosphere but can leave your food expectations behind then this is the place for you. I will be back, but just to sip cocktails on their patio.
2	We hadn't been here for several years and got a coupon so decided to try again for dinner .  First impression - DARK!   Seriously, so dark we can't read the menu (servers had to provide flashlights) and then could barely see our food.  Food was OK, but a bit pricey for what we got and service was a bit slow and sporadic.  We got a sopapilla for desert and it was strangely salty and sweet.  Overall, "Meh" was our reaction.  Probably won't be back.
3	Husband & I went for dinner one Sat nite followed by breakfast the next morning while staying at the Hilton down the street. The spinach & chicken enchiladas were to die for, but the other three meals were mediocre. Service was unimpressive due to MIA and apathetic servers both times. Three stars for cute southwestern patio & enchiladas.
2	Lets just say it kind of sucked. Stayed at the Pointe across the street and heard good things.  The beer was the best part.. which was bottled.. not here. I do not even remember what I had it was so good. Puffy chips? Who the hell wants wierd puffy chips!? Go somewhere else. On The Border is almost better Mexican food... and that place is terrible!
5	Loved this place! Flour tortilla chips to die for. Had shrimp tacos cooked to perfection.  My husband had sour cream enchiladas. Every thing was perfect!
3	Great atmosphere and outdoor area.    Bocci ball court is awesome. If you don't know how to play somebody will help you. When we were there one of the refs was giving us lessons. I was able to find to my skills and become a world champion bocci ball player in just one hour and five margaritas. It was simply amazing.  If only the sport was in the Olympics.  However this does not offset the fact that (in my opinion) the food is not great. Even the chips are bad. How can you have a Mexican restaurant with bad chips?
3	Can't believe I haven't reviewed before, I've been here over 50 times. Nightlife was hotter at Auntie C's back in 2011 when I first moved into the neighborhood. It's still great for brunch, though. Especially on a warm day when you can sit on the huge patio. It's also nice when you can find room by one of the fireplaces for a drink on a cold night.The staff is still friendly and the food is decent. Live bands most weekends. Go see the CPP play some night if you want to dance and sing along. Gail can sing the hell out of anything.Do not fear the black olives in the taco meat at the free happy hour spread on Fridays.
5	Had breakfast here this morning.Two words; CHOCOLATE! FOUNTAIN!Had the breakfast quesadilla, with chorizo. It was amazing!And I don't know what brand of coffee they're serving, but it was really delicious.I've never had a bad experience with this establishment, and would gladly visit daily.
2	Eh. The food isn't so great here. I like the combo of corn and flour tortilla chips, but that's about it. It's a fun place, but I wouldn't ever choose to go here.
4	Enjoy it here and regularly get good service. Have enjoyed a large variety of menu items over the years. Great meal for after a long day at the pool.
5	This place was really good. I absolutely LOVED their flour tortilla chips. I'm pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food, as I was raised on homemade Mexican food, but I thought this place was pretty decent. They have great customer service. The ambiance was great. Oh, and I can't forget, the margaritas were amazing!! I would love to come back to this place again, when I'm in AZ.
5	Very good Mexican food in Phoenix, the salsa has black olives in it!The margaritas are very goodNice ambiance and a friendly wait staff
4	I had a business lunch here recently and we had a wonderful time. The portions here are pretty big so we were both fine with ordering one item each a la carte. She had a tostada; I had a bean burrito. It was just the right amount. And their chips are delicious. It was quiet enough that we could have a conversation at normal volume and the staff was friendly and attentive without being over bearing.
2	I really want to like this place and continue to return time and time again year after year. The food is pretty bad- there I said it. The chips are great, the salsa is hit or miss. Love their margaritas and the place has a great feel to it, but the staff is not trained too well. The exception to this are the owners and management. For some reason, they are great, yet the help doesn't seem to follow their lead. I will continue to go back, because it is close to home, but this is far from a favorite of mine.
5	Consistently good food great service and a fun crowd. Great bartenders and friendly owners. Get some!!
4	We went to the restraunt day before and we closed to a private party. Came here after the nascar race and the decoration we cool very welcoming and the food was amazing.
2	Don't count on the bartenders acknowledging you unless you are sitting at the bar. I watched two seats at their bar remain dirty and empty for 20 minutes.  Like they are too good to clean it. They weren't even that busy.
5	We have been here a few times and it's great food and lots of it! The atmosphere is funky and fun. Some of these reviews are negative regarding the food. I can't imagine what they had that they didn't like but I haven't had everything on the menu! Everything me and my friends have had has always been perfect.
1	The worst service they attended the Anglo first I was there with the family and the customers that were eating were starring at us and talking shit behind our backs so uncomfortable never going to this place again first and last
3	Not the most Mexican-y of Mexican places I've been to, but passable as Mexican food. I have been here several times and never been blown away. Its been here for as long as I can remember, and is a stable as long as I can remember. Tonight we went for their happy hour and I was surprised to see that they offer a free buffet! Chips, salsa, mini enchiladas, taco meat and beans. Not bad! People were still ordering full meals though, but I was all about the freebies :)
1	I understand that this place is an old classic, but it seems more old than classic at this point.  It just feels dirty inside, the food is medium quality at very best and the service struggles.  They try hard, but it looks like the staff is on their own.  Probably my last visit unless there is a serious change.
1	Disappointed in the food. The items we ordered were flavorless. Our orders were brought out wrong. Our server was seriously super slow. On the flip side the place is rather nice with a huge outdoor patio. Unfortunately, I do not foresee myself returning here.
5	Setting, food, prices, service... All of it top notch!!!  I simply love this place!!!
2	Invited by friends to go here for dinner on a Sat night and read all the Yelp reviews beforehand to try to get an idea of what food to order (most of the reviews don't really talk about any good/bad particular dishes).  The place looks old and outdated, especially for a hotel type restaurant.  We were seated out on a back side patio which was fine until BIG winged bugs arrived after we ate.  Anyway, the frozen margaritas were good and I ordered the Street Tacos, which were okay but the beef in them could not have been cooked anymore as it was tough and not very tasty.  Chips and salsa are pretty good.  Our group of 7 all ordered different things and no one had had rave reviews or bad comments about their dishes. We ordered flan, fried ice cream and sopapias (sp?) for dessert, which were all polished off.  I live in the Valley and given the multitudes of very good to great Mexican places we have, I don't need to return to Aunt's.
2	HUGE ROACH CRAWLING UP THE WALL! They didn't even kill it because it got away  a table next to is said casually, "oh there's another one?"So gross food wasn't good enough to deal with that
4	The food here was very good. Something that myself and our entire group enjoyed were the complementary flour chips and salsa. We all agreed that it was some of the best we've ever had. The service was okay but we didn't see her very much and we felt pretty rushed to order. Overall we enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
1	I was here a good 10 years ago.  Service and food was great back then.  My how things go bad so quickly!  First thing that set me off was nothing has changed in 10 years and it looks like a few things need repaired.  The wait was about a half hour.  My son almost fell after sitting in a broken chair.  Finally we were seated.  The homemade chips were good but the bottom ones were store bought.  The old put the store bought chips on the bottom trick.  I should have walked then but everyone was tired of waiting and hungry.  My son is a picky eater to say least.  I ordered a cheese quesadilla for my kid.  I specifically told the waitress, NO ONIONS, NO TOMATOES, and NOTHING BUT CHEESE.  I even told her if he finds one it will cause an incident.  She seemed to understand. The food I ordered was OK.  I had to use my salsa to make it a little hotter.  I can eat fire so this is no surprise.  My son's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it.  At first I told him it was just one and I picked it off.  Then he kept finding them in every slice.  I called the waitress over and explained.   She apologized and took the plate back.  A few min. went by and the waitress had the NERVE to come out and ask if it was just one.  I had already told her it had tomatoes all over in it.  At this time I felt humiliated by her actions and told her just bring a cheese crisp and I'll pay the difference.  It took a while for that to get to our table but all was OK.  While we ate a waiter dropped a napkin bringing food to another table.  When he came back I thought he'd pick it up after almost tripping on it himself.  Nope, he left it there so someone else could trip on it.  He came back a few minutes later so I flagged him down and let him know about the napkin.  Instead of saying "oh I'll pick it up right away."  The African American waiter boomed in a very loud voice how sorry he was and it would never happen again.  He was loud enough for everyone to hear in the room.  Again, I felt humiliated.  I guess not wanting the restaurant to get sued because some waiter won't pick up a napkin was asking too much.  The waitress did comp my sons food.  I will never go back.  At one time that area had some very nice places.  The area had CLASS.  That's not the case anymore.  5/10/14
1	Attitude from the hostessOlives in the salsaDrinks not refilled!Food took 30 minutes to come out on a slow night.Server neglected us the entire timeWe asked for the manager.. after waiting 10 minutes we decided to just pay and leaveAnother 10 minutes for our check to come back. Still, manager never showed upI'll never go back again.
4	I lived in Phx for my 1st 18yrs and I had never been here!! I brought my family with me and my aunt and grandma and my grandma had never been here and she usually knows about all these places. Very cool place. I got the El Pollo Fundido and the prickly pear margarita. the margarita didn't have much flavor difference then a regular one so I would try a different drink next time.The fundido was great and I couldn't get enough of the sauce. The flour chips are really different and good also. Will be back!
5	A Mexican restaurant & cantina that stands out in the southwest; unrivaled chips and salsa, quaint setting, striking and gracious staff.  Craving curbing classics like fajitas, enchiladas, tacos and tamales could easily have one overlook enchanting favorites such as shrimp stuffed pineapple or comforting chingalingas.  Inimitable ambiance has supported everything from weddings, charity events, and blow out Cinco de Mayo celebrations, to intimate date night getaways, happy hours, or Sunday brunches with visiting loved ones.  Monday night football, casual business gathering, or weekend day drinking; Aunt Chiladas is the neighborhood drop in for regulars and the stuff out of towners reminisce of once departed.
4	I was a bit hesitant to return. My last visit left me feeling a bit cold.(A new-ish girl working the outside bar was giving a LOT of her attention to a particular patron, and drinks, food, etc. was slow coming)Marvin was our server tonight. He's got LOTS of energy.Had a carnitas chimichanga. Delicious, as always!Love the flour chips, and the hot salsa.I will be back.
4	Good food. Relaxed atmosphere. Good drinks. Not much more required. The tables wobble a bit from the uneven tile floor. So there's that.....Chips and salsa
1	My friend Katy and I walked into Aunt Chilada's restaurant At Squaw Peak on 6/28/2014 to have a awesome dinner. The place had a few parties going on, but as usual it seemed under staffed. So my friend and I sat down and we were given chips and salsa and a bottle of water. About 5-10 minutes later a family came in with small children and after about 5 more minutes or so all of sudden a waiter comes out and looked me right in the eye and went to the other table and took their order. Turned around and went back in to the kitchen. Of course this pissed me off. We got up and hostess saw me I explained what happen she said it was her fault. That did not make it OK. The waiter should have said something to us and didn't. So we left Aunt Chilada's in discuss and went down the road to Ajo Al's for a awesome meal and great service..
1	Disappointed. Food was awful, not good at all. Tried it once and probably will not come back again. I will go else where for real quality food. Service was blah. Overall, not a good experience. No thank you!
4	I've been here a few times. Very cute atmosphere. I definitely recommend it. I came with a very big group today, everyone around me loved their food. I had to send the soup back because if was luke-warm. However, they were very quick to make up for the mishap, and the service was excellent. My friends were all thrilled with their meals. The tortillas before the meal are excellent as well.
2	Hidden off the 51 & Glendale. Big place & big patio. Meh food. Chips & salsa ok. Skip the queso. Vegetarians BEWARE everything is made w/ meat. Beans AND noodle stuff. Ugh. Safe w/ grilled veggies. :(
1	my friend and I went to dinner tonight and it was great; they had a live band in the bar, "The Real Thing", who were amazing; the reason for the one star was because of a waitress who ruined our night!  We were in the bar at least 20 minutes when we finally waived the waitress down (who passed by us at least six or seven times ignoring that we were even there), and ordered drinks. The waitress, Jessica, was totally rude and seemed to be irritated with us before we even ordered. She was obviously having a bad night and took it out on us.  What's happening to common courtesy and customer service?? Jessica shouldn't be in this position if she is going to have such a disrespectful attitude toward the general public, leave it at home...
1	HAPPY HOUR SERVICES SUCKS! been here two hours and yet to see a waitress at our table (3 top)
1	We had the nachos which were good, they were suppose to have chicken but I think we got one piece of chicken.  The beans were bad, they tasted as though they had just opened the can and poured them on the nachos.  I asked the waitress for some flour tortillas because I believe that flour tortillas tell you a lot about a Mexican restaurant especially those who claim they are authentic, homemade.  Their flour tortillas were AWFUL!!! She gave me like 3 or 4, they were all stuck to each other and these flour tortillas were not homemade.  I have bought some from the store that were way better. Don't bother with this place.
2	I thought I was going to really impress some friends when they discovered the highly touted "famous" chocolate fountain feature of our surprise Sunday brunch. Allow me to help manage YOUR expectations, so you're not as disappointed as I was: Yes, there is a chocolate fountain and it is included with your $8-13 brunch entree; but, buy your own(probably identical) model at Wal-mart for $40 and save yourself the heartache of a disappointing meal. Granted, we came for the "famous" chocolate fountain but we were prepared to enjoy breakfast first! Another disappointment. I had the breakfast burrito and could only stomach the beans. The potatoes tasted like they'd been in the freezer too long. The eggs in my burrito were chewy not "lightly" scrambled in the slightest.  The machaca had decent flavor but it was further ruined by the enchilada sauce that tasted straight from a generic can!One of my guests had pancakes. Sadly, these were neither light nor fluffy, instead they were chewy and tough just like my eggs. "The myriad of accompaniments you can serve with the chocolate fountain are only limited by your imagination" in theory, but at Aunt Chilada's this past Sunday, your choices were dry chunks of cantaloupe, flavorless honeydew, pineapple cubes, (shall we say "aged") marshmallows, and the unimaginative standby: strawberries. Oh! And, crispy lady fingers. Full disclosure: I did not tell our server how much I hated my burrito or the pancakes and she DID ask how everything tasted. Truthfully: I was weary from the disappointment. It's one thing to send back an entree but to say everything was unsatisfactory?! I just won't recommend it or plan to return.
2	The food is awesome. I love the fish tacos and the creamy chipotle chicken. The only downside to the restaurant is the servers & the cleanliness... Or lack there of..if the waitress's became a little nicer and the restaurant a little cleaner..I think they would increase in ratings and business.
5	For me, the food is more important than the service so the unfriendly staff has never bothered me. I've been going here about once every two-three weeks for two years. The food is always fantastic so they deserve a high rating!Food:The food at Auntchiladas is close to authentic, but that isn't necessarily their goal. They serve a variety of dishes, like the chipotle chicken and the fish tacos, that are somewhat Americanized but are still very good. The el pollo fundido and chipotle chicken are my favorite dishes. The beans aren't loaded with lard so they are not very fattening and the rice is excellent. I order queso or abondigas soup for an appetizer. The free chips and salsa are great!Service: This is where Auntchiladas loses many of their customers. To be fair, we have had some fantastic servers, but the majority of servers have been rather unfriendly. The food comes quickly, but don't expect to have time to fully enjoy it. If the restaurant is packed, the waiter will rush your meal by continuously trying to take your plate. The female servers are often dressed to attract attention. We have been at the restaurant on afternoons where all of the women were dressed in bikini tops! This destroys any attempt at a family atmosphere.
1	Myself & family had horrible experience at this establishment. Bad service's not enough waiter/waitress. The food is no where nearly as good as Tempe location. This place is mostly enjoyed by non-locals that don't know Mexican Food. The employees pay better attention to non-locals (folks that are staying at The Point). I rather go to Tempe location which is much better. Never coming back to this establishment. Not recommended.
1	A terrible HH!! We brought 20 people for a pre-homecoming party... All purchased alcoholic beverages- some ppl multiple beverages .. Food consisted of three banquet trays( one nacho, one enchilada, one chingalinga) HH was suppose to last until 6.30 food stopped at 5.45. Servers kept pushing he expensive stuff . We will head somewhere else with our dollars .. Great example of sad hour ... Nothing happy her
3	I give solid 3 stars. Thursday night group of 6.slow in the beginning from host to food. We had to put together our own table open mic area.waoted about 5-10 min on drinks another on menus.SErver was very friendly just think it tough on 1 server to work a bunch of people. There was a 10 top, 3, 4 and few others.the salsa was really good.the chips where mix flour and corn witch I like.i had shrimp taco thinking it would be breaded however no breading witch didn't set well with a flour tortilla as taco. Rice and beans really good everyone else food looked good but mine was avg. I recommend breading the shrimp and maybe a Chipotle mayo sauce
1	Be very careful - watch your wallet and don't listen to the waitress - she will tell you they have $3 specials and then charge you $7!!Food was so-so, I did like the fried flour tortilla chips.  But the red chile burritos are beef and not pork.  They don't serve rice, the pasta like side with carrots and peas is marginal at best.But its the bait and switch happy hour menu you have to be careful of.  They offer a $3 house margarita, but will charge you $7 saying you ordered a "BIG" margarita.  Save your money and go to Carlos O'Briens, Macayos or Top Shelf.
5	My buddy Mike took me here after we played golf recently. We wanted something with "chips and salsa" and a decent beer selection. Their chips and salsa are served community style, and the beer selection rocks. Winning! Oh, and the chips are corn AND flour. The place is really big, too, and has a classic vibe to it. I ordered the seafood enchiladas, and they were terrible. Told the server and she took them away and brought me something else. Just a really good experience. They have a Living Social right now, too, so we will be going back. Thanks, Mike!
4	There are many Mexican restaurants you could go to in Phoenix.  Most of them are very similar with the menu and flavors.  I put this one above most.  The food is good, the menu has everything you would expect to find and a few you might not.  But the atmosphere and service put this place high on my list.  I really enjoy the mix of chips you get.  Some fluffy some crisp.  Yum,,,
3	The flour tortilla chips are a nice change from traditional corn. Other than that, the food is ok. The pomegranate margarita was tasty but overpriced, as was the food.
5	My husband decided to take us out for lunch and he picked Aunt Chiladas. The decor is so cute right when you walk in, very cheerful. We went for lunch so it was quieter. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. Now the best part....the chips! They were delicious, some of the best chips I've ever tasted. They weren't greasy or over-salted, but so good. I had the machaca taco salad which wasn't served in a taco shell so took away some of the guilt from eating all those chips. It had a scoop of their guacamole in it which was also delicious and creamy. My husband and son had the beef and cheese enchiladas which were served in a delicious red sauce. The regular side is a pasta called fideo, but they opted for the traditional rice and beans. I loved the food, the atmosphere and the service was good too. Definitely coming again.
3	Food was tasty, service friendly but imprecise.  Margaritas not bad.  Vegetarians be sure to ask about everything because they use chicken stock in lots of things.
5	Aunt Chilada's had me at the complimentary chips and salsa. The chips are tasty, made out of flour. Then there's the blended margaritas. They have the perfect kick. The food was also delicious. Can't get enough of the cheese. I like that some dishes serve fideo as the side instead of rice. The only bummer: I haven't been able to try the flan. They always seem to be out when I'm there.
5	This place is amazing year after year! Authentic and delicious food! The service was great too! Compliments to the chefs
4	We have been here twice in one week after just moving into the neighborhood. We love it! The staff have been friendly both times and the food has been excellent. The chips and salsa are amazing. I've never had flour chips before and they are delicious. The place itself is old and rustic and if you don't mind that then please give it a go. The price you pay for the quality of food is outstanding. Big thumbs up. If I could give 4.5 stars then I would!
