5	Beautiful cafe with fresh crepes, gelato, sandwiches, pastries and delicious Illy coffee drinks. The "Amore" which is their version of an Irish Coffee (non-alcoholic) sent me into a sugar coma. Imagine amaretto at the bottom of the glass, then a shot of espresso and fresh whipped cream on top. Sip the espresso through the cream and you'll be so full that you won't want anything else.But save room for some gelato too... or have an Affagato to satisfy your craving for both. It's 2 scoops of gelato with espresso poured over. Yummm...It's a beautifully bright and cheery place. Do a little shopping at Barney's and then walk across the way to this place. You'll love it.
5	I heart Illy coffee already and now Espressamente Illy Cafe! Geez! Does life get any better than crepes, gelato, great espresso, and sandwiches?? I would pay their higher prices any day over stupid Starbucks! This place was so uber-cute and chic and everything was fresh and yummy! But, beware, your $20 can go fast here!!
4	The lychee gelato was dilizioso! I let each scoop melt on my tongue so I could enjoy every ounce of it. 1 scoop for $5.50 better be worth it!Nicole loved the iced mocha drink so much that she shelled out $7.50 for it. On two occasions. They must have shipped that coffee in directly from Italy.It's Vegas. INDULGE!
4	Seriously, is this gelato made of gold? Because I can't remember the last time I paid $5.50 for a scoop of gelato. And it is good, but it ain't THAT good. Well....OKAY...I confess. Actually, it must be that good, because I have gone there EVERY DAY during meeting breaks for the last 3 days. So I take that last comment back. It's awesome. Mint chocolate chip in a cone. They have a TON of flavors, serving up Cocolini gelato like the Venetian but in the Illy environment with yummy coffee. Way more selection than the other locations though minimal on the seating.So yeah. $5.50 a scoop. It's only $7.50 for 2 scoops. How bad is it that I succumbed a few days and got the biggie version along with a cone? Ahhh blessed 30 minute afternoon meeting break, feeding my gelato habit.Espresso is fab too. Try the 'Espresso Shakerado'...it sounds odd, but it tastes oh, so good. The gym?? Yeah, I'll be reviewing that next.
2	Yes it's sleek and beautiful, but the staff was totally bored and unexciting for a new espresso/gelato shop like this.  The quality of the gelato, although presented beautifully, was only average, and the prices are a bit much, even by Vegas standards.  Instead, I'll burn a few calories taking a hike over to Caesar's and pig out at Payard Patisserie!
3	The watermelon gelato was heavenly and very refreshing but it also cost an arm and a leg....$4 for ONE scoop!! what a rip off. So go if you're willing to splurge on gelato.
5	I heart good espresso as much as I heart good cocktails - and this place does not disappoint.  Illy has an extensive menu of every different type of espresso based drink you could imagine.  On my recent trip I sampled a latte and "espresso macchiato" - both were perfectly pulled and tasted incredible (the espresso almost tastes like there is cocoa in it because it is so rich and the texture is like velvet on your tongue - wow, that is a bit porno, but it is true, totally orgasmic).As a tip, we tried to order the latte with skim milk and were (sweetly) told that they recommend whole or 2% milk with their espresso...so we added the fat and enjoyed every second of it.Since we were adding fat anyway, we also tried two gelatos and both were fantastic.  Order smalls because they are seriously packed with flavor!The prices are high, but I would hit this place again in a minute!
2	I think this place was so confusing! There was a big crowd here and we wanted gelato, but the hec if we knew where the line was. Apparently you have to pay first and get a receipt and then go to the gelato counter and hand them your receipt and order your gelato. First off, there are no signs that say line forms here and there is no place that says pay first. So everyone is trying to order and they are told nope, go back and pay first, then come back. That's just a waste of their time and my time. Don't you think? My lemon gelato wasn't even worth the crowd. The plus is that they have other food to order and espresso.
4	While exploring the new Palazzo, we found ourselves in front of this brightly lit up shee-shee fancy coffee shop/dessert place/whathaveyou. What caught our eye was the gelato and although they offered much more, I wasn't paying attention. Like the other Yelpers, it was pricey and when I saw the prices, I told my mom that I didn't want anything, but she insisted (gotta love moms!) since she wanted some gelato bad. I chose one scoop of the canteloupe gelato and my mom got one scoop of the lychee gelato. Both were very refreshing and full of yummy fruit flavor!Not sure if it'll be a "must stop at spot" for future Vegas visits, but I would like to try their raved coffee in the future.
4	I don't this place is that confusing.  The way they fill orders (pay and then give your receipt to the person making your order) actually makes sense and is very authentically Italian (all Italian gelaterie do it this way).  In any case, I didn't actually try the gelato but I did have the Illy coffee and that is enough for a four star rating.  It is good and strong and tasty.  I will continue to return here simply for the Illy caffe and, if I want something sweet, I would also definitely try the gelato.
3	Delicious, but terribly expensive gelato. I'd make comparisons to gelato in Berkeley but that's not fair since everything costs a limb in Vegas.For $5.50 you can have one scoop of gelato. Their flavors are great, however, with an abundant variety. Take advantage of the samples to narrow down your choice unless you want to pay nearly $8 for two scoops.The staff here could use some cheering up, however, lest  I feel like I'm making their day shitty by ordering a gelato on a hot summer day.====Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
3	Their panini was surprisingly delightful! Ordered the prosuitto with mozzarella and tomato. Bread was nicely toasted, crispy on outside and warm and delectable on the inside. Comes with side of potato chips.This Italian Gelato Panini Express cafe was better than expected.
3	Hmm....I ordered their breakfast crossiant sandwich, and it seriously tasted like I made it at home. Nothing fancy about it. Even their grilled chicken panini ($12) wasn't as great as I would have thought; the bread (I believe it's ciabatta?) was a little too hard for me.The gelato was pretty good with a wide selection of choices; I had their pistachio (the best I've had) and lychee (which was mediocre, as it had flavor initially but lost it towards the end). If I was just rating the gelato, I would probably give this place 4 stars...
2	After stuffing myself at Delmonico's at Venetian, we decided to walk it off at Palazzo. I have heard my friends rave about Illy's coffee, so while my party was lining up for gelatos, I asked about their coffees. "What kind of coffee do you have? Ground or beans?""Errr.... hold on."This guy went to another for help."What was your question?""Do  you sell those coffee on display behind you? Are they instant or are they whole beans?""Well, it depends on what kind of coffee maker you have.""So they are whole coffee beans for brewing?""...........""Or are they instant?""It depends on what coffee maker you have."I decided to change my question since I am not getting any answer."What flavors do you have? ""We have regular. What do you want?"I gave up after that. I want French roast, Italian roast, Sumatra, Ethiopia, Peabody, Kona, Blue Mountain, But why bother asking me when all you have is regular???? Do I have other choices? And why do I need a coffee maker if I am using instant granules? That is , if they even carry it. It was so frustrating. It's like asking this guy if I look good in my new dress, I canNOT get a straight answer out of him.The gelatos were ok, For the same price, I'd rather go to the stand in Venetian or Jean Phillippe Patisserie at Bellagio.
4	whoohoohoo! i thought this place was great! I haven't had gelato like this since a trip to italy (and i have tried lots since)! pistachio, raspberry, hazelnut and lemon over the course of 2days and they all tasted great-very light and refreshing.and for those of you who can't or don't eat sugar: they have a nice selection of sugar-free gelato, all without that weird sweetener taste!
3	I have extremely mixed feelings about this place.Food: fanstatic selection of gelato and other cafe goodies!  I could spend countless trips tasting everything - the pear gelato was refreshing and super yummy.  5 StarPrices: One two-scoop little cup set me back about $8 USD but I was on vacation so who cares, won't be doing this for a while.  3 Stars (especially in consideration that this was in the Palazzo)Service:  I very seldom get offended but why would the cashier frown at me for trying to pay with cash (I am saving the establishment credit card fees), then roll her eyes at me when I asked for cup of water.  I had to approach a different cashier to get a spoon to eat my gelato!  Which garnered another eye rolling from the first cashier!  And not a single thank you from either - there were no other customers at that time.  0 Stars
4	Their Sugar-Free Gelato tasted as good as any sugar included ice cream that I was able to eat before I became diabetic.The chocolate was very rich, creamy and I couldn't have eaten any more than their serving, (which doesn't look large, but considering the density and richness of their product is perfect). The coffee drinks were the same price as Starbucks and tasted much better.
4	Food: We saw the huge selection of gelato from upstairs and we couldn't wait to get down there to try some! The straciatella was great and all the other gelato flavors looked just as delicious.Price: A bit pricey, I believe I paid around $11 for each of us to get 1 scoop.Service: Definitely was crowded in here but we got in and out of here pretty fast.Atmosphere: There are a few places to sit and eat but we decided to head out since there were alot of people in here.Location: Located in the Palazzo downstairs at the shops. Near the waterfall.
5	A very inviting dessert place inside the palazzo. They have ALOT of  flavors. Many fruity flavors like papaya, green apple, raspberry...andmany milky flavors like caramel, hazelnut, chocolate, etc. The gelatos are the first thing that caught my attention but they also have crepes, sandwiches, cakes, teas and of course espresso!But I only ended up getting gelato because it is my fave and weakness.  So..seriously the gelato there is really good all pretty sweet and  tastes fresh.  I got a double scoop of stracciatella and spumoni. It isone of  the best gelatos I've tasted (until the day I go to Italy).  The pistachio flavor tastes like a pistachio nut, it's the same exact flavor as if I were eating a bowl of cold pistachios..  Has real crushed pieces of pistachio. The chocolate chip is one of my all time favorite gelato flavors and espressamente's straciatella did not  disappoint! The spumoni is also something to rave about.I am thinking of going back soon to try the crepes, they look delissh.
4	i luv the coffee here....but it is pricey! it was ever so smooth and thinking about it makes me want more! hubby had a yummy caramel macchiato and i had an iced froth coffee and they were both good....way better than starbucks! if im here again i will go back!
5	DROOL...I stayed in the Palazzo which means that everyday I walked by this place and had to get something.  The lemon ice thing is really good as well as their chocolate and vanilla.  For ice cream though, they are pricy.
1	Horribly, nasty vile and those words are just for the bitch behind the counter. The gelato here is just disgusting.. after 2 bites it hit the trash. Also, VERY over priced.. over 8 bucks for 2 tastes.. chocolate looked awesome though tasted like it come from a powder.. sort of like frozen Ovaltine. Also tried the lemon.. it had that weird fake lemon taste.. pretty shop in a pretty hotel. Unforgettably its all window dressing.
4	The service here sucks, but the gelato and crepes are tasty. The crepes are the best I've ever had. They are drenched in goodness. I had the spumoni gelato and the bf had the choco/strawberry crepe. Spumoni is cherries jubilee, pistacio, and amaretto. I tried it before he told me what it was. I would not have tried it if I knew what it was because that sounds gross....but believe me...it is SOOOO GOOD.I can't wait to come back.They also have a bunch of little truffles, chocolates and little goodies. I wanted to try the panacotta in a choco cup, but I forgot to get it.
4	A HUGE array of choices for all your gelato lovers out there. I got the Banana and it was so creamy and delicious. Not the cheapest gelato I've had but I got a good serving size for what I paid for. My friend loved it so much, he went there 3 times in a matter of 15 minutes. Well, he was also really drunk too! HAHA But nevertheless, it was pretty good. Not the best I've ever had but it was still good and so many choices to choose from.
4	The staff looks miserable working there, but the gelatos are yummy so I keep going back!
4	Mecca for espresso lovers, Vegas style. Located near the giant waterfall at the Palazzo, this place offers a wide array of gelato flavors, as well as creative espresso drinks that Illy is known for. I had the Affogato, which had espresso poured onto two scoops of your choice of gelato (I had cappuccino-flavor). My husband had the mint chip and spumoni gelato, which he really enjoyed.  The service was just fine. In short, our experience at Espressamente was molto bravo!
2	Blah.I expected better... much better.  After all, this "Gourmet" place is inside the Palazzo.  They charge WAY too much for their gelato, and extremely too much ($~5) for ONE chocolate dipped strawberry!  Sorry, ain't worth it.Plus, my gelato had little pieces of ice in it... it's almost like the ice cream that you leave in your freezer for months, and when you finally get around to it, it got freezer burn with little ice crystals.Sorry, love the atmosphere and all, but I expected much, much better from this place!
2	On my way walking back to the Palazzo at 11:30pm, I wanted gelato. First, we went to Cocolini which is located in the St. Mark's square but it was closed. We were instructed to go to IIIy. The price here definitely gone up! It is now  $5.50 one scope and $7.5 for two! Cone is $1.5 more. They also changed their serving cup which looks the same as Cocolini when I saw it in yelp just now.I wanted the pina calada gelato but they didn't carry the favor. I had the passion fruit gelato but didn't like it... too sour... My friend had the watermelon but it tastes a bit watery... maybe because my passion fruit tasted stronger. I wanted gelato again the next day and went to Tintoretto which is located at the far entrance of canal shoppers and had much better gelato. Their gelato is also less pricey which is a little under $5 including tax and sugar cone!
4	If you really love espresso, this place is perfect for you.  Their coffee is the best I've ever tasted on the Strip.  The only reason why I don't give this place one more star is that it is pricey ($3.50 for a fancy shot of espresso?!?!), but the ambiance is wonderful and it's inside one of the most beautiful hotel resorts in Las Vegas.
5	Um this is a five star yelp.  You might as well get it here since it's the same price it is everywhere in the casino.  They actually had espresso drinks I'd never seen before.  They should make more of these in cities like San Francisco, Los Angeles & New York.
4	It's a cute modern coffee/dessert shop located inside of the Palazzo on the way to the Venetian. I'm not a fan of the gelato. I ordered pistachio and tasted a little artificial. Almost plastic. I heard the passion fruit gelato was great though. So my 4 stars is definitely not for the gelato. I had a small cup of cafe treistino (triestano?) and it was awesome. I opted to drop a packet of brown sugar in after the first couple of sips, but it was good without the hint of the sweetness. I could drink a cup everyday and it smelled so good. The love the decor. It's bright, hip, modern, chic, but not intimidating all rolled into one. I wished there was a place like this near work. I would venture over everyday for my espresso fixed even though I don't have a need to consume caffeine every morning.
5	The MOST original place in Vegas in my mind. Here's a list of everything I love about Espressamente:Illy coffee - as good as it gets!Fresh gelato in a zillion flavors - highly recommend the Mango gelatoThe BEST chocolate croissant outside of France (and maybe a certain boulangerie in Seattle)..warmed to perfection!The warm caprese panini, with a side of orange twist, olive and a cup of chipsThe impressive array of espresso cups that merit looking at as you ponder over breakfast, lunch or dessert options at this delightful little pastisserie in the Palazzo
3	Are you serious? $5.50 for ONE scoop of gelato? And then $7.50 for TWO scoops? Holy!!! This has GOT to be expensive. I guess they get a free pass since it is located inside the Palazzo but still! They have tons of flavors ranging from lychee to guava to passionfruit, to tiramisu, etcetc. Come here if you absolutely NEED a gelato fix but if you can wait it out, go elsewhere.
3	After our dinner at LAVO, we decided to go get some dessert at Espressamente Illy because of some of the reviews I saw from my fellow yelpers.  We were tempted with LAVO's dessert selections, but i kept insisting on trying this place out to my friend because of yelp... I have officially become a real yelper where my world revolves around reviews I have read and my bookmarks that I try to follow!!!The place is definitely cute and bright.. nice decor.. very modern.. it is right in front of the Palazzo fountain where the mini shows are held at certain times.  We just in time beat the long line.. As for the gelato, I've had better.. We sample tasted few of the fruit flavors such as mango, lime, pineapple but it wasn't as sour as i wanted those flavors to be.It was expensive though.. about $10 for the strawberry and nutella crepe with additional strawberry gelato ice cream on top.. It's okay it was good. A bit too strawberry jammey for me though inside of the crepe.  My friend had some pastry which was very light.  It balanced out the super sweet crepe i got.  I expected more out of this place and more variety in desserts/pastries so I was a bit disappointed.  We would of preferred staying at LAVO to eat desserts.There was a little boy roaming around the venue though.. He was all by himself. We felt bad because he sat at the table next to us all alone.  He seemed very mature for his age, drinking his tea and eating his gelato.  The workers there were very hospitable to him.  I think his parents leave him alone too much to go off gambling... :( bad parents... all i wanted to do was to tell him to join us.. haha but if he was mature as he seemed.. he wouldn't of talked to strangers!!!!
5	Fantastico Expessso ,Cappucino and Gelato in VegasWhat? A Real Italian Cafe in America? No way?Yes! It Is Right Here.Very Authentic.Just Like Italy.This is Like A Mirage.Real Expresso here with Stong Coffee Flavors.They have the huge very expensive Expresso Machines from Italy here,This is the Only way to experience real expresso,You have to have a Giant $10,000 Car sized machine like they do here.Starbucks & 99% of other places in America do not have these machines.Highest ever Reccomendation.Best Expresso/Cappucino/Gelato in Vegas Maybe West Of MissisippiEasy Five Stars
4	Excellent coffee, and a good representation of what coffee is like in Italy, but do not charge me 75cents per ORDER for dine-in. That was pure ridiculous. You do pay a little more to dine in in Italy/France as well, but NOT 75cents per drinks...Plus, you already charged me $5 for a cappuccino and $4 for an espresso, and those alone cost half of that in Europe.If it weren't for the prices, this place would earn the full 5 stars.
5	I'm so sad I didn't visit you this time I was there. :( Please forgive me.I promise to go twice when I come again.
4	Illy always has the best coffee...I mean, it's the best I've ever had. Who wouldn't love Italian coffee? The cappuccino was pretty expensive though. My rating is based strictly on my experience with the coffee. I haven't had the opportunity to try the pastries or gelato. Of all coffee places on the strip, I would say this is THE place I'd go for a cappuccino.
2	I have make a big downgrade. After trying it for the second time, I realized it just didn't taste as good as the first time. Maybe I was too drunk the first time to realize. hahaBut yes, the gelato is just very sweet. TOO SWEET! And the price was absurb! One scoop was $4.50. That's just too expensive! And not worth the price.
4	This is a refreshing change from your small quick dining options while in Vegas. You're usually either stuck with the run of the mill 24 hour hotel lobby diner, a subpar casual dining experience, mall food or gift shop snacks. Also, if you don't want Starbucks, or maybe you can't stomach another vodka redbull amidst all the casino funk, wander over here and have an affogato or any of the other espresso treats. You can keep going, and the precious caffeine will subdue your eventual onset of a hangover just a few additional hours.It's Vegas, everything is marked up, so get over it. 2 scoops of gelato will run you $8.08 (tons of flavors and very hard to pick just one), and lunch specials (paninis, salads, etc.) start around $15, I believe.
3	Not much to say about this place based on my one experience so I'll try to not be wordy.-2 scoops of gelato ($7.50... $8.08 with tax)-Flavor: stratiatella=so good, tiramisu=aite-gelato is kinda melty... don't blame the heat, it was November and we were indoors.-right near our elevators at the palazzo so we were able to run back up to enjoy our ice cream in our comfy beds, like it ought to be.My 2 cents: I expect utter gelato perfection if I'm spending $8 and my gelato was all melty once I was done paying. Hrm... I'll probably be back if 1) I'm at the palazzo, or 2) craving gelato in that vicinity.
5	Creamy and bursting with flavor!  The pistachio and mint chocolate chip flavors were my fave!  Cherry, not so good, but the lyche, watermelon, and pineapples tasted like the fruits itself!Expensive, yes, but so is everything in Vegas.
2	In the words of Seth Meyers and Amy Poehler from Weekend Update, $6.75 for a small vanilla latte....really?  Really? (and please don't say "This is Vegas" or "You must have never been to Italy."  I know it is Vegas and I've been to Italy and throughout Europe, but to pay that much for water, a coffee bean, and flavored syrup just seems wrong when you can get it better elsewhere, cheaper)
3	Good Gelato... felt authentic.  The Affagato was only OK.  My wife enjoyed here crepe.  Prices were a bit high, but that's gelato for you.
2	holy smokes? yes i know it's vegas and it's in a nice hotel, but damn, do you need to charge 3.5 for an americano shot? that's like more than a 1 dollar minimum poker table. i'm not a high roller, can't really afford the price for a shot if i'm there for a week. the price definitely killed it for me.good prime location, lots of business, but lack of service and killer price (lightened the load of my pocket).
3	Had a yummy scoop of vanilla gelato.  It's not cheap but its still yummy.
3	Love that they have a huge selection of flavors.  Their gelato and sorbetto is pretty tasty as well but can be icy sometimes.  Really depends on your luck of the draw.  I think I would appreciate this place more if things were a little cheaper.  Overall, okay place for gelato considering you're in Vegas.
5	Love Illy coffee!  Smoooooooooth!Had the Strawberry Banana Smoothie - it was so good on a hot day!Free WiFi available in the little restaurant.
2	The coffee was delicious.  Small, but exactly the same size as every illy espresso I've ever had in Europe.The crepe was under-cooked.  It tasted like batter.  It was chewy and yellow.  Even the chocolate and banana did little to make up for the under-done crepe.The ice cream looked lovely, but I didn't have any.I was quite displeased with the service.  The person at the counter put out the lunch paninis and salads, but would not sell one to my sister as it was 11:50 a.m. and they would not be selling them until Noon.  Um, but they were already prepared.  It was an odd experience.  The girl serving us didn't appear to know their menu at all.  Customer service, when I'm spending $11 for a crappy crepe and a good cup of espresso, should be good.  And it wasn't.
5	crepes, gelato and coffee is really good here!!!!!!!i love this place and everytime im at palazzo i stop here!
2	It's quite overpriced, even for gelato and vegas, 5.50 for one scoop? I'd suggest you make it a cone, they give you more. The flavors were okay, nothing too spectacular. The pistachio gelato wasn't very good. I've definitely had better.
5	Located in the Shops at the PalazzoHands down the best gelato (or ice cream for that matter) that I have EVER had.  I don't care where I am staying on the strip I will make my way to this place to have sugar-free almond gelato.  While I am in line, I envy the crepe's that are being made and all of the coffee drinks.This past weekend we went with some friends and I brought one of them here.  I bragged about it - and you know how when you brag about something then it has high expectations to meet and the person isn't impressed?  Well that DID NOT happen in this case, she was blown away!!!She said, and I quote, "Why did we have crepe's this morning, we could have come here.  Why did we eat dinner we could have just come here and got gelato".  And I agree.  That one small cup of gelato is so intense with flavor that I don't need to eat anything else!!!  And Sugar Free too?!  This is what heaven is made of (I hope!)One cup of gelato runs about $6 out the door but it's so rich and flavorful that it's worth it.
2	Ordered a strawberries and chocolate crepe.  Crepe was not the best tasting.  Had strawberry "puree" in it as well as nutella.  The nutella was a nice hazelnut flavor, but that "puree" was effen disgusting.  Tasted like the filling for a Pillsbury Toaster Strudel...that mixed with the nutella was AWFUL.Will never go back for that.  I might return to try some gelato or one of the many coffee drinks.
2	Unless you like your crepes really plain - don't bother with this place. The price is just not worth it. $9 for a mixed berry crepe with three SMALL pieces of berries. There were a few crepes laid out for examples, and I thought the fruit on some of them were just for decoration because there was just so little. Hahaha, no. If you want gelato, I reccommend that little gelato stand in the Canals instead. I've stayed at the Venetian and Palazzo around 5 times combined in the past year and I ALWAYS get the mango sorbet from that stand. It's so light and fluffy, and so sweet, and omg I WANT IT NOW.
5	yum yum. I wish they would open more of these in the US. Warning: its expensive, even by vegas standards, but if you love coffee, The americanos here will make you realize how bad the US chains are (starbucks and peets). Gelato do die for, and lots and lots of sugar free options (you would never ever guess they are in fact sugar free). Its just about the best gelato ive had outside of Milan -- didnt have the crepes, and seems on here, many not to thrilled with them but for insane good coffee and frozen treats, this is the BOMB. Well worth it.
5	The gelato is excellent! There's a plethora of flavors to choose from with some sugar free choices as well. We shared coconut and mango and were delighted with how they tasted so rich and fruity. Even though their prices are a bit on the expensive side, their gelato is definitely the perfect treat to have while strolling through the Palazzo and the Venetian hotels.
3	This review is based on their gelato which was only A-OK.So I was craving dessert like crazy in Vegas and especially something cold and creamy with it being triple digit weather there at the time. I initially wanted to check out Serendipity 3 and their frozen hot chocolate after I had been reminded of it by my friend Sally. But that never happened as Camellia C. said she preferred to go to New York for the original Serendipity.Anyway, walking around the Palazzo to kill time after a big brunch at Bouchon had me fiending for gelato to cool down.  At Espressamente Illy, two scoops of gelato will cost you around $7 and with that you'd think you'd get some pretty good gelato. It wasn't the bad but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Maybe it was because the Spumoni scoop was mixing with the Mango scoop to create an not so flavorful mixture of tastes. I still cleaned those bad boys out as the scoops are definitely on the small side. Which totally sucks when you just overloaded on the Rio Carnival Buffet's gelato bar the previous night. I wasn't going to leave Vegas without checking out at least one dessert place but I ultimately left unfulfilled and will have to come back to scour out different places for gelato/ice cream next time.
3	Located on the second floor of the Palazzo in Venetian.  While waiting for the BlueMan show, went upstairs for ice cream.  The only thing i'd recommend is the pistachio gelato.  But still do I wanna spend $5.95 for a scoop the size of an infant's fist?  Not next time around.
4	I've never had a crepe.  This was a shock and had to be remedied quickly.  The Palazzo/Venetian Shops were one of many stops during our Vegas adventure and a run through the rain made us hungry again.This is dessert heaven.  Crepes, gelato, and espresso.  Yum!  We ordered the mixed berry and stood by to watch as it was made. The crepe is a thin delicious pancake drizzled with hot chocolate and topped with raspberries, blackberries, and blueberries.  It was a lot of chocolate even though I love chocolate but overall a yummy delicious treat.
4	Food service is slow and limited siting space.  Cream of brocc soup was very good, but the "pizza" was barely ok.  I would give this place @ best 3 stars, but then on my way back from shopping; stopped and had the "affogato".  I went with hazelnut (my fav flavor) and it was topped off with espresso. Holy XXXX! What a great combo.  They have a ton of great espresso drinks so stop by and enjoy. A word of caution though, this is NOT Starbucks.  They do not have Frappacionos,etc.  Saw a couple not happy with their drinks (they complained @ the counter) as they confused Starbucks' "style" and "prep" with authentic espresso drinks.
4	Gentlemen - if your girlfriend likes gelato and coffee, I would pretend like you knew about this place all along and take her here as you stroll through the Palazzo shops. Tell her to get the affogato - two scoops of gelato and coffee. She will love you for life once she tastes it.I'm not saying that I knew about this drink/dessert. In fact, far from it - I don't even drink coffee. But, consider thanking me when you heed this advice on your indulgent foray in Las Vegas with your significant other.
4	I'm a VERY picky coffee drinker....I dislike Starbucks coffee now and it's just too bad that they have so many Starbucks on the stripe just like they do on every corner of San Francisco.  Which sucks!!  They should replace those Starbucks with Peet's.Anyhow on with my review with Illy...I absoutly LOVE Illy coffee.  My all time favorite is the Affagato with Espresso gelato....YUMMY!!!  This is the spot to hit when in need for some caffeine :-)
3	I'm supposed to be cutting back on coffee this year, but:#1: I'm not trying very hard#2: it's no help when the bf asks if I want coffee every single time we pass by a coffee shopWe were strolling through the Palazzo in the early morning. He was in search of food and I had no idea why I got dragged along. He asked me if I wanted coffee, but I didn't go into the shop the first time around. I couldn't resist and came back later in the afternoon while he was STILL in his poker tournament (seriously, those things last FOREVER. I came back 5 hours later after eating at the Stratosphere and he STILL hadn't lost... UGH! But I digress.)I wandered back to the shop while waiting for the bf to lose. The cappuccino gelato was pretty good, but the guava gelato was a little too sweet. It was something like $8.11 for both scoops. I'd probably come back to try the espresso and mocha gelato flavors the next time I'm at the Venetian :) Hopefully he asks again if I want coffee, and I'll be sure to say YES.
3	Walking by on my way to The Blue Man Group, we spotted this place.  "Oh my, ice cream, I know what we're having for dinner."  After the show we walk over and it's not ice cream, but gelato.  Which is what exactly?  Watered-down, less-filling, not-as-good-as-ice-cream, frozen treat for twice the price.  They get three stars because my husband was happy-as-a-school-girl to have something cold and sweet to shove in his face.  I was not as impressed.  I had the mint chocolate chip and didn't even bother to finish it there was no flavor to it.
3	The place feels very Italian in its set up.  I enjoyed what I had here, but found a bit of frustration in the ordering process.Went for breakfast and wanted to order a crepe. Crepes weren't available for another hour, although it didn't say that anywhere.  We also ordered a double espresso and a "make it large" macchiato.  I was told the macchiato would have to turn into a latte.  Fine. Just make it!  We also shared a bacon and egg bagel sandwich. Total bill was close to 16 bucks!Our number is called and we have our drinks in paper cups!  I bristled at that; for 16 bucks, give me an effing glass, especially since I ordered it for here.  The girl says, "I didn't charge you the 'here' fee."  What?!?! There's an extra fee! Where is that on the menu? And, frankly, I ordered it for here, give it to me for here. They did finally put our drinks into glasses. But damn, what a hassle!On another day, we shared a nutella-banana crepe. It was yummy!The set up of the place is good, as is the quality.  The service, however, needs to be augmented.
4	The person I was with just won some money from the casinos, so we decided to indulge in a little gelato. I got a scoop of chocolate hazelnut gelato. It was so rich and delicious! It tasted just like a Ferrero Rocher! I could eat this everyday! it's expensive though...
2	Cappucino's are consistently good but I was more than perplexed by what they call a 'dine-in' fee (check out a photo of my receipt). This basically means that it's cheaper to buy your coffee in a disposable cup, which they ironically fill with more milk (thereby ruining their otherwise great cappucino's). Yet another example for the price you pay for trying to be more Eco-concious and saving the Earth from an extra paper cup. Love the coffee but must say 'no!' to this ridiculous and harmful policy.
4	I love the European feel, their great espresso machines, and tasty espresso. The only con is their ridiculous prices, but while on vacation in Vegas espresso is a necessity!
3	We all ordered gelato here last week and the stuff was excellent!  The only reason I did not rate this place a 5 is due to the astronomical pricing of the gelato.......come on ILLY......30 bucks for 4 single scoop gelatos:-(
2	Espresso is just average, not sure if it's their maching or whether the beans were old but it had a burnt flavor that I didn't care for and I went on 3 different occasions.  Because it's right next to the main floor, it gets very crowded and feels more like a cattle car at times.  Still on the lookout for a great place to get my espresso fix in the morning at The Venetian.
4	I enjoy Espressemente Illy thoroughly.....  IMHO it doesnt get better than this... I have had their espresso (on multiple occassions), normal roast coffee, pizza, panini's and gelato....   I have been impressed by the quality of their food and coffee.  My wife LOVES their Vanilla Latte's too.  if you are near The Palazzo, hit it up....
4	It's going to cost you more than you ever thought you would be willing to pay for ice cream/gelato, but this just may be the best you've ever tasted!Yeah, it's like $12 bucks for a scoop of gelato.  You'll get over the price pretty quick when you bite into it....it's amazing!!  I always opt for the cappuccino flavor.There are about a billion places on the strip to get your fix of cool treats, but Espressamente is definitely the best.  Great selection, fast service, and the tastiest gelato you will find!
4	The best coffee on the strip! I will actually go out of my way to have a delicious Latte from Illy. I wish there was one in LA.
3	Rather than wait in a line that was 20 people deep at The Coffee Bean inside The Palazzo, I decided to venture a few steps further and grabbed my morning jolt from Espressamente.  Although my pastry seemed a bit dry, it was still good and my Americana stole the show.  It was strong, but not too strong and the perfect way to start my day.  They had a beautiful (and very colorful) display of gelato, but I never made it back to try any.  Next time!
5	If you enjoy real coffee, and not those ridiculous concoctions they make at places like starbucks that happen to have a shot of espresso mixed in, then this place is coffee heaven on earth for you.  Order a double machiato caldo. You'll thank me later.
5	If you are an espresso snob, aficionado, lover, whatever then this is probably one of the best espressos i have had in America. It was perfect and I was sober. Thick, creamy, hot cup, sugar become one with the crema and not once could we see the black coffee underneath. Liquid gold.
5	After hours of hanging out at The Palazzo's Azure pool, i needed something cold and sweet so we stopped by Espressamente... Delicious! They also have crepes, paninis, coffee of course...but I will try these on my next trip to Vegs.Must try flavors of gelato (I mean I guess everything right? hehe)*Guava -- delishhhhhh*Cappucino flavor - very very delishh*Tiramisu*Mint choc chip
2	Dear Palazzo's Illy,       I do appreciate your variety of flavors of gelato and free sampling and lovely cashier personnel, but the old lettuce in your sandwiches must go. I can't believe how wilted and brown the lettuce in my turkey wrap was. It wasn't really edible because the bitterness from the lettuce overpowered everything else. Please keep up with quality control, I'll be back shortly to check up on your progress.Thanks.
4	Affogato! Yes. I needed that little kick and a seat by the waterfall fountain in the Palazzo. And the gelato was delicious - I chose stratciatella and chocolate. $8They also make smoothies. Honey, you're getting PINEAPPLE right? I raised an eyebrow and smiled. It wasn't long before we went back to our hotel - and I had the energy after strolling the strip.
5	Some of the best espresso I have had.
1	I stopped by this place looking for some coffee. I must say that I don't have complaints about the coffee. It is what you will find at most coffee places (average). The prices, however, are a lot higher ($7 for a latte). What is not average, however, is the service. It was horrible. There were two people behind the counter, both of them needing to pretend they liked being there. A lot of the prices are missing or they will display the price of the smallest portion and then ask you if you wanted a large. The girl behind the counter had a bad attitude. She got really bothered when I asked the price of something as if I was just supposed to get it and pay whatever.
4	When you see a cafe inside a high-end hotel and casino (Palazzo), you think, snobby customer service, and little portions.  not Espressamente illy.The employees are always friendly when i walk in there and the service is super fast.  and thats why i always put some money in their tip jar or should I say tip vase.  I usually get the caesar salad because its the best i've tasted, not too much dressing, just enough croutons, and enough chicken breast to last me til the last bite.  i just wish it was a bit cheaper.  other than that the other items for lunch are good too. Like their pizzas, wraps, and sandwiches.they also have an extensive selection of gelato, which i will try one of these days.
2	Friendly staff cannot save this place for f'n up illy coffee.  Sure they use the same illy beans my local cafe uses, but the way it's brewed here makes it taste totally weak in comparison.  I think it was like $7 for my latte that wasn't strong and didn't have the rich flavor i associate with illy coffee.  i'll stick with Coffee Bean when i'm staying at Palazzo.
4	Having gone to a buffet earlier in the evening, I didn't want another meal after watching Jersey Boys, but I wanted something.  Gelato seemed perfect!It's pricey (of course, this place is in The Palazzo) and the service is as unfriendly as it can be.  My goodness, how can they let cranky people serve something as magical as gelato?!So, for $7.50 I had a scoop of GUAVA and a scoop of MANGO.  YUMMERS ALL AROUND!!!
3	Pros: It's in Vegas. The interior is open and bright. The cappucino was strong yet delightful. (1 star for location, 2 stars fo espresso).Cons: The service was less than desirable. Even that was better than napoleon- stale, rubbery and lacking goo flavor. Avoid the pastries! (0 stars for bake goods). Want fabulous chocolates? Head to Vosges @ Caesars.
2	I think this place is really sub par for the pricing.  If all you crave is a shot of espresso, then great, good stop.They have a million and one gelato options including many sugar free and fruit options, but none of it is that good.  On a gelato scale it is maybe a 5/10.  The crepes are not that great except for the nutella, and um how can nutella be bad on anything?  The crepes are cold, berries aren't fresh, etc.Two single scoop cones that don't taste that great= even in vegas = RIP OFF
4	My eyes could not stay away from this place everytime I passed it. Hence, I came here twice in one weekend. So many gelato flavors and drink options. If you're an espresso fan, I think you'll like this place just fine. The service here is a bit of an issue - they are slow and a bit aloof. But that's forgiveable considering it's just an order then sit place, not a big deal. It's also very warm in here, uncomfortably so. Don't know if it was just an off weekend....It's a cute place to have a chat and eat some tasty desserts. I enjoyed their gelato and strawberry shake. Yummm. I am not sure how their savory foods or pastries are but they at least LOOKED nice. The espresso drinks are strong (duh), and tasted better than Starbucks (yeah I said it!).You can buy Illy merchandise here too - limited edition espresso cups, coffee, gift sets, etc.
3	"illy". I love love you?I don't love you back, ice cream. $5.50 for ONE scoop and another $2 for one more scoop. Served in a small cup that you can easily wrap your hand around. What has our world come to?I got the pineapple ice cream, thinking it would be some Dole-pineapple taste. Wrong! There's barely any pineapple flavor! It's more creamy-flavored or some kind of coconut flavor. It's hard to even tell that it's pineapple without knowing you bought it. Not great.The service was really rushed. The guy behind the counter asked us if we were ready while still skimming through each flavor. Everything looked good on the outside, but for $5.50/scoop, I think I'd rather go to Sbarro's or some Italian gelato/ice cream shop. Ciao, ciao!
4	Pricey coffee, but if you've read my past coffee shop reviews, anything else on the Strip is better than Starbucks.  They do have a good selection of gelato and desserts to go with your coffee and it's got a great location at the Palazzo right where the Living Garden is located.  So after you pick up your drink you can just sit down and enjoy it right in front of the waterfall.  It's a nice pit stop when you need some sugar to keep your motor running.
4	First off, the gelato was what really caught my eye from outside. I also captured the illy sign next to the main title. I love illy which is why I wanted to come try this place out.As I walked in, the cafe was filled with coffee aroma with gelato into it. The variety of coffee was unique too! They had specialty espresso drinks. The espresso was not too strong because it had hot choco syrup at the very end which made my drink soo good! My gf had the spumoni gelato on a waffle cone which was soo delish! The workers didn't seem too happy. They looked like it they were ready to leave the place in a hurry. The lady was irritated and they didn't even stare you in the eye.I would definitely come back for another drink...if I carry more money LOL
4	Half and half  = Hot coco + espresso... SO GOOD~~~ and I don't usually drink coffee....
3	I give it three stars, because while the gelato I had was delicious, it was really expensive (too expensive for what it was) Alas, it's Vegas, but still.
3	A nice little treat after eating at any of the restaurants nearby.  Its pricy, but the gelato is very good.I have have not tried the beverages, and that may be where its at. I wouldn't make a special trip here.
3	it's a bit overpriced. overpriced gelato ($6 for a single scoop). coffees ($6 for a cup of joe's).  drinks.my friend got the hazelnut and i got the pistachiothe hazelnut was creamy and delicious, but the pistachio on the other hand wasn't AS good. :-(
4	This was a nice little surprise while waiting for the Blue Man Group.  The store is very clean, and showcases the gelato for easier selection.  There are quite a few choices available. They have some of the fruit ices as well, so there is something for everyone.I got a scoop of pistachio which was flavorful and creamy. It's not a cold as regular ice cream, but that helped me avoid the dreaded brain freezes I usually get from cold things. I definitely enjoyed my scoop. Hint, if you're with a friend that you don't mind sharing with,  you can get two scoops in one cup for a lot cheaper versus each getting a scoop. For some tasty gelato goodness, give this place a try.
4	Really cute place!  Its a bit overpriced, but its nice to treat yourself to  scoop of gelato after losing some money at the Palazzo.. or win..whatever.  The worker recommended the mango or grape fruit gelato.  Its expensive, but the single scoop goes a long way.  The chocolate croissant was yummy too!
4	I came here every morning to have their ham, egg and cheese on a toasted croissant. I know, I'm weird, but it was sooooo good! I also loved that they had fresh squeezed OJ. Also, if you don't come here for breakfast I do highly recommend this drink called the "That's Amore". OMG! Heaven in a cup.
4	LOVE at first site. I was walking toward the blackjack tables inside the Palazzo when  the beautiful, vibrant colored gelato caught my attention. There were sooooo many different flavors. I was so excited because I have a huge obsession with anything creamy and frozen. The guy serving me was really nice and patient with my indecisiveness. But after sampling about 7 different flavors, I settled on mango. Mmmm so refreshing. A tad bit tangy and just enough sweetness. It was $5 something for the 1 scoop and was worth every penny. I walked away with the cup of gelato in my hands, smiling like a lunatic. At that point, nothing else mattered. Blackjack tables? whatevs.
4	Amazing selection of gelatos!You know the expression "your eyes are bigger than your stomach"? Well, everytime I go into an ice cream parlor and see a looonnngg stretch of various flavors, I get excited and start imagining getting a multiscoop behemoth to eat. All by myself, too!The gelato counter is the first thing you see from the entrance, and all the bright colors are just dazzling. Once you get over the hypnotic display, you take a closer look and realize just how many different flavors there are.I was torn between the amaretto or the tiramisu flavors, but ended going with the tiramisu because it had a certain "bite" to it. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if it was laced with a bit of marsala or some other alcohol =).  I only got one scoop because I was full from dinner, and I was a bit startled by the sticker shock. Almost $6 for one scoop??Then, I got the scoop and it was pretty big. In fact, my single scoop almost looked like the size of my friend's double scoop! The gelato itself was definitely rich and creamy; everything you look for in a good gelato. It had tons of flavor (along with the "kick" mentioned earlier). I would definitely recommend that you try out the tiramisu flavor if you stop by.  Also, a single scoop is definitely enough for one person, because I couldn't even finish mine completely (and I can eat a whole Ghirardelli's Square sundae by myself).  However, I think that is due to the richness of the gelato itself.
4	As a local of Las Vegas I rarely find myself on the strip, in casinos, or being anywhere tourists might be. Unfortunately, sometimes my job takes me to places, like The Palazzo, where I will be thrust into such a place, full of these types of people. I do appreciate casinos for what they are, but I just do not like them in general. Another issue for me is that in Las Vegas, there are many wonderful places to eat inside casinos which I rarely get a chance to see, and Espressamente Illy is one of those places.Next, I want to make a note on the prices. For those here on Yelp who are somewhat complaining about the prices, I have this to say: HI. You are in THE PALAZZO. Nearly every restaurant in here is owned by a Food Network star and the only other coffee place is The Coffee Bean, so if you want to hit up a chain, be my guest. But why do that when you can pay an extra dollar for a decent cup of espresso?Yuuuuuuuuuum. This is what I had two out of the three days I was imprisoned in The Palazzo working. First day: shot of espresso and the Milano (chicken sandwich with roasted red peppers and cheese). I'm a sucker for a panini pressed sammie! This one was good, cheese was melted, peppers gave a nice hint of flavor. My espresso - perfect and creamy. Second day: I just splurged and got the Affogato (two scoops coffee gelato with an espresso poured over it). OH MY. Well, it was fantastic and I got quite a caffeine high afterward!Service: MEH MEH. I did go when it was pretty busy, but damn it took me a LONG time to get my food. In fact, I ended up taking it to go even though I paid for the "dine in" fee. (YAH BEWARE! they will charge you .75 cents for the dine-in). I guess it's to compensate their dishwasher? *shrug* However, this is why they did not get 5 Stars.OVERALL: Go here if you are willing to pitch a few extra bucks. If you don't want to.... um, go to Ben & Jerry's or The Coffee Bean?
4	3.5 stars, rounding up b/c the affogato was simply luscious. Tried the stracciatella and hazelnut, both were excellent with illy espresso poured over.As Janet P. noted (5/18), Espressamente offers an impressive selection of gelatos - two full counters worth.
5	This is the fourth time I've been here and the food, coffee, and staff is consistently great all the time. To make it short and sweet: try their tiramisu, it's out of this world, their coffee( I get the cappucino or the espresso) is amazingly good..but if you don't like it on the strong side, you might want to let them know. And their staff, is just friendly and helpful.It is a wee on the pricey side but it's def worth it. They have a modern look dine-in area that could get pretty crowded considering the place is not that big. They also serve a wide variety of gelato, some pizzas, sandwiches, and other bakery goods. So if you want something quick, good, and satisfying when you're in the Palazzo, this is definitely the place to go!
4	My bf and I are HUGE fans of their tiramisu here and since I had major cravings for it last night, the guy decided to take me here. They had a decent amount of people standing in line for the gelato, but none waiting to get coffee or the other desserts. I was greeted by a cashier that looked, spoke, and acted like she had a horrible day..which I totally understood. But then she decided it was okay to take it out on us. We ordered two tiramisus and a bottle of water, and I was suppose to order a cappuccino but before I finished my sentence, she walked away. That turned me off so I decided not to order it anymore. I gave her the cash, she gave me the change back, I smiled and said thank you. And she still looked at me like I owe her money! I've been here several times and have been dealt by the same cashier before, but I never minded her attitude because the food made up for it. I thought one time, eh..ok she deserves another chance. But another time is  another story. Anyway, the food and coffee here are still good so I only reduced it down from 5 to 4 stars. I love love love that tiramisu!!
4	stupid as I was - plan to try restaurants IN THE MORNING! IN LAS VEGAS!of course none of my target restaurants is open and I was starving when I saw this spot.Love the way they decorate this lovely place. The food are surprisingly good - maybe cos I was too hungry?Didn't try the Gelato. Nice spot to enjoy a lovely breakfast before catch a flight.
2	3 stars for the gelato itself. (there were ice spots in the gelato)2 stars for customer serviceWent here looking for some gelato to cool down and didn't want to walk all over the strip looking for a place since we were already nearby. There are a good amount of flavors to choose from and based off the samples, they are all pretty good. However, I was thoroughly upset with the service. The first guy who greeted us said hello then disappeared, only for another man to help us with minimal energy. He barely spoke to us and never smiled. Then after ordering, he basically yelled the total to me and threw my change at me when I paid. Incredibly rude.
5	Oh my goodness! Best coffee and espresso, ever! We come here for coffee every morning and in the afternoon for a quick pick me up whenever we're in Vegas.  Just amazing, great quality coffee/espresso drinks served here.  Oh, and they also serve gelato and paninis.
4	Starting your day with a White Mocha Latte, Caramel Ice Latte, or Half and Half (Chocolate & Coffee) is really the best way to go! MmMmMm, I love Illy Coffee!!  Along with eye opening delicious beverages, Bacon, Cheese, Egg Panini Croissant or Sausage, Cheese, Egg Panini Croissant is also very tasty!  Then finishing off with an Apple Cinnamon Caramel Crepe .... mMmMm, what a wonderful way to begin your day in Vegas (without alcohol...yet)!?  White Mocha Latte for the win!
4	Decent coffee in Vegas
4	LOVED THE GELATO! I didn't have any coffee here, but I did have the gelato and let me tell you it - IT IS PRETTY DARN GOOD. I tried the Mixed Berries ( very sweet with lots of berry flavors, mostly raspberry), Mango ( it really tasted like mango!) and the white peach ( a little too bitter for my taste). The service was quick and efficient. There wasn't a whole lot of seating and it was dimly lit on the inside. I'd for sure come back to this place on my next adventure in Las Vegas.
3	Good cappuccini, but: 1. Charging $6 is excessive; 2. And more upsetting, charging a dine-in fee for the cup is ridiculous... You try to reduce trash and in effect get less coffee and are charged more? C'mon.
3	The line to place your order is poorly organized. I jumped in and being new to the place I missed the whole right side of the shop: display cases with yummy looking pastries and the menu.  So not knowing all my options I just got a sundae- which was good, 3 scoops. I just wish I could have seen it all before I ordered.
3	Loved the gelatoSeemed a bit overpriced but... it is Vegas and what isn't overpriced here.
3	This cafe is okay, everything is pricey. A coffee can easily cost 3-4 bucks, a regular crepe is about 10 bucks. Everything taste alright, nothing special at all. It's another self-serve cafe on the strip. The tables and seats are usually pretty dirty with crumbs like nobody ever clean them. The only nice thing is its location with all the nice stores around.
4	This is my go-to place when I am craving ice cream before work (its located right downstairs from my place of employment). They have delicious heath bar and caramel gelato...plus their waffle cones are darn tasty. They are on the expensive side (what do you expect...its located in one of the nicer hotels on the Strip) but if you happen to work in the Venetian/Palazzo and show your ID card you get 50% off....even then its still pricey. So...if you see a tall red head in all black noshing on a double scoop in a waffle cone headed up the escalator you know its me :)
3	Good espressos, crepe was a little over cooked (more brown than tan)Anyways, regardless of the higher prices here (being in the casino), the service could stand to improve a GREAT deal.  The folks behind the counter appear to hate life and treat customers the same way. If im paying $15 for a drink and crepe, i expect top level service, especially in the palazzo
5	My iced mocha was 5 dollars and change but it was sooo good and soo worth it. Do yourself a favor and get your caffeine fix here while in LV.
5	I work at the Palazzo/Venetian Casino in one of the shoppes here. So this is my everyday cafe. I eat here everyday even on my days off. It's always super clean, and I'm never disappointed when  I leave this place. This food is delicious, I've had they're wraps, sandwiches, and pizzas. They're coffee is just impeccable!!    I notice people are complaining about the prices...Seriously? It's in Las Vegas, NV, one of the top tourist locations in the WORLD. It's also located in a Hotel/Casino, its like buy something at an airport. Also, the Casino is located ON THE STRIP. But, I'm just saying. I've only lived here all my life....    And that guy who mentioned that illy is cheaper in Italy, well no crap Sherlock. Of course it will be more expensive some where else because it is imported. It's like whole sale, you buy a bulk of something then you sale it at a price where you can make profit, enough profit where you can buy some more product and to keep for your company; to pay your employees and the bills etc... Come on you're running a business, that location at the Palazzo was just not given to them with free rent...    And of course its called Espressamente illy, its an illy company, concentrating on illy coffee. All the pastries they order from a restaurant at the Palazzo, and as well as the gelato. You can't blame the cafe for it not being good that day.     For the people complaining about it being to busy, you have to notice that the cafe is right by a convention center...Of course it will be busy.    As for the coffee.. It will depend on the Barista who makes it for you. All of the employees might be briefly trained about the machines, but you can't expect them to make it all the same. For the original Baristas, it not only depends on how they make the coffee but the way the calibrated the machines as well. The Barista's I recommend: Guillermo, Jennifer, and Samuel..    And if you just think that illy coffee just does not taste good, read they're mission statement..  (illy.com)    And please don't think that because I work at the shoppes that I'm just making it up, I've actually started coming to this cafe way before I started working at the Palazzo/Venetian shoppes..
4	Once again I was trapped inside the Sands Convention Center working a convention. On the last day of the convention I decided to give myself a little gift of an affogato. This time I got the vanilla bean (heavenly by itself by the way) and the cappuccino flavored gelatos. It is pricey, but it is worth it. The gelatos are just amazing. They are not mediocre and believe me, even though you are paying jacked-up fancy strip property prices it is worth it!The only thing is that service this go-round was once again lacking. The employees just don't seem that happy. Perhaps it is because the place gets super packed during conferences and the employees get over-worked... but still, wish they were a bit more happy, they are serving delicious treats after all!
5	Expensive Gelato, but HUGE selection & very creamy & delicious. Excellent cappuccino's . Quick service. Excellent location . In-between the Palazzo & Venetian by the waterfall.HeathBar Crunch!!!! WOW!
3	I was walking around early in the morning trying to find a decent cup of coffee. My friend recommended this place and I happened to wander around and run into this place. They have well lit glass cases filled with delectable treats. I was tempted to get something buttery but I decided that I just wanted coffee. I ordered a caramel machiato large and spent $7.57; which is outrageous! This was the most expensive cup of coffee I ever had. But the flavor was good and it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. But I'm in Vegas and stuck so I paid the high price. It was good to try once but probably will try a different place next time. They have the cutest display of espresso cups lined up one of the posts. Check it out, very neat.
4	I went here twice in the same day.  First time I got an iced vanilla latte which was strong and very good. Plus I liked the cup it came in. For four bucks I think it was worth it.  The second time I got pistachio gelato. It was ok. Didn't really taste like pistachio. I would probably just stick to coffee if I ever come back here again.
4	Waiting for friends by the waterfall so that we could go to Tao... we kept seeing people leaving Espressament Illy with yummy looking gelato. My girlfriend and I decided to go back the next day and get some gelato goodness for ourselves! There's SO many to choose from it's kinda overwhelming lol! They serve other items as well, caramel and candied apples, smoothies, drinks, etc...I got the chocolate and vanilla gelato (one scoop of each). The vanilla was good... the chocolate had a funky aftertaste! I dunno... maybe I'm just picky... BUT it came with a cute little cookie on top that said "Ciao"... super adorable! You know I had a picture of that on Facebook lol! PRICEY though... I paid $9 for my little 2 scoop gelato (plus I tipped $2)... I think I said this in all my reviews tho... it's VEGAS!
4	I have a lot of idiot moments. Like when I ordered the "tart with the pear on it" and the woman behind the counter said "Oh, the pear tart?" Yeah, that. Well, luckily the pear tart was amazing. I'd been craving some kind of pear tart for months. Not really sure why. I had a frozen coffee drink which was also fabulous and for a cappuccino, it wasn't too bitter and just the right amount of sweet.We got a little turned around trying to find it (don't spend much time at palazzo) and when asking for it, most of the staff just refer to it as "the Italian coffee place". Probably safe to just ask for that. The atmosphere was nice and a little less Vegas-y than the usual coffee shops. Felt almost like I could be in a train station somewhere other than the middle of the desert.
2	I was able to split a small into two flavors, the caramel was flavorless but the stracciatella was good, crunchy in each bite from the chocolate churned in the ice cream.  5 bucks is pricey but expected.  I returned the next day to get a cup of coffee, stood in front of three employees having a non work related conversation.  I waited five minutes then gave up and walked away.  As I went up the escalator I could see they were still talking at the counter.  Gelato was ok, service was not, can't speak to the coffee as I couldn't get any.
3	I like this place. The staff is decently cordial, and the gelato is amazing. Unfortunately, there are only a couple vegetarian options for lunch including a caprese and a mozzarella and tomato pizza, but otherwise, the atmosphere is nice. Plus, they have a great chai tea latte.
2	OH MY WORD! I paid a little more than $8 bucks for 2 scoops of ice cream. The ice cream was not that good. it was fine, but I've had much better from BEN AND JERRY'S. People. Come on. When I can buy better ice cream from a grocery store, please up your game. The only thing that made this trip worth it that the guys working the ice cream were super surly and I could almost pretend that I was in France. Oh wait, except I was supposed to be pretending I was in Italy. Yep, fail again. When you walk past this place, just keep right on walking unless you are dying to pay a lot of money for ice cream that isn't worth it.
3	You're in the Palazzo and you need that caffeine hit?Nice space, crowded but you could do worse. Hopefully you can camped out a seat amongst the Euro tourists. Wifi is helpful.
2	Great smoothie!! Great Espresso! Horrible horrible service!! The staff is rude and seems lost with what's going on!
5	My review is only for the coffee - I did not try the gelatos (there were none out yet at 8am), or any of the pastries. We were staying at the Palazzo, so I had to try this place out. They open at 6am, so if you're awake that early (or haven't slept yet), this is the place to go. I had the cappuccino (my tummy can't handle the lactose in the lattes anymore), and it was delicious. No bitterness to it - it didn't need sugar or anything. The caffeine buzz from it was perfect as well, no jitters or heart palpitations. It also helps to be drinking it within the beauty that is the Shoppes of the Palazzo... Give it a try ;)
4	We stopped by Espressamente for some Gelato over the weekend. They have 54 flavors, ridiculous! That's almost like Baskin Robbins TIMES TWO! It was so hard to choose which one I wanted. I thought I'd have a lot of time to pick since the line was out the door, but it went by super fast. I ended up getting Pistachio. My parents got guava and Donald got hazelnut in a waffle cone. I enjoyed the Pistachio very much. The flavor was spot on; It was almost like eating a giant pistachio nut. The hazelnut was very rich, creamy, and flavorful. After taking turns eating the pistachio and hazelnut, I tried the guava and it was a little too tart for me, but it tasted exactly like guava should. Having gelato here was definitely a nice refreshment after only eating frozen yogurt for so long. The solid flavors really make my mouth tingle with delight. They also have lots of other goodies like pastries, crepes, sandwiches, and lots of coffee drinks if you don't want gelato.
5	I adore this place.Such wonderful service, and such yummy foods! and ohmygoodness the sundae I had was to die for. MUST VISIT THIS PLACE, when you stay at The Palazzo. It is expensive, but damn it it's worth it. VERY WORTH IT.
5	Love this little spot in the Palazzo!  The gelato is some of the best I have ever had and there are endless amounts of delicious flavors. I went with the Sugar Free Mango and it was amazing. It was fresh and tasted just like I was eating a mango. The coffee looked and smelled great but had to pass this time around. $5.50 for one scoop but it was plentiful. Certainly would return!
5	For years I had always thought the best gelato/ sorbet was found in the Bellagio Gelato near their swimming pool. Now I can say that this place has now won number one in my book for Strip sorbet. Located near the casinos in the Paulazzo, you usually have to wait in long lines but let me tell you it is worth it. The Prince of Taiwan is lactose intolerant so I only tried their sorbet. Got the mango and pineapple, and dear Buddha , it was as if I was eating the fruit, just softer and more cold. It was heaven on earth for me that day, and even all the big breasted cougars roaming the casinos looking for cubs could not detract me from having a love affair with my sorbet at this wonderful little gem.
3	Wide variety, I had no idea where to begin. I wanted to sample almost every one of them and not get something that was of traditional flavors. They have so many flavors, with names that I have already forgotten. I sampled one and because I wanted to get out of there, I just got it. It reminded me a lot like cookies n cream. I know I love gelato but I guess at 7 bucks for single scoop, I'm just not that down with it. I like the wafer they top it off with, though. Honestly, I most likely will not waste my money here. There are other great places to get your gelato fix, ones that are topped on delish warm crepes for just a couple dollars more.
4	`BF and I have come a few times before for gelato but this recent visit I tried out the crepes. I had a nutella filled crepe with a scoop of hazelnut gelato on top. The crepe consistency was just right and Nutella with the gelato was just comfort at it's finest. The surprise was the BFs shake. He's been here enough to know the shakes so he cuts the fruit gelatos with some yogurt....he ordered this time half cherry and half yogurt. What came out was a drink delight that reminds me of those Asian yogurt drinks like Yakult...and I love that yogurty tangy flavor!I tried to steal a few sips since dinner plus a crepe put me way over to even attempt to get my own.
4	Delicious! I have had some good gelato, but this gelato was pretty sweet! I had blood orange flavor and it was smooth and silky almost. It tasted so go. I liked how they put a little wafer cookie in the gelato. Oh and it wasnt like $16 like it was in a different casino. It was about 5 bucks and all the more delicious! I would love to go back! The guy was very patient with me, trying all the flavors I did. I just could not decide because there were flavors I have never even heard of and I was like a kid in  a candy store! It was a good night to have ended it there! :)
5	SHUT UP !!!! If you know great coffee, pastries, and the like this is the place for you. If you don't then stop griping about price, and lines and all the other BS. Shut Up , eat drink, and pay the price for quality. There now go and enjoy perfection on these items !!!!! Everything is of the highest quality served in a European way...either you get it or you dont. starbucks which should not exist anywhere withing 1500 miles of a place like this is down the street...go there for cheap and crappy. The others ( like us) thank you for the shorter line !!!!
3	Good crepes, but sandwiches are ok
4	I finally stopped in for a coffee today, after walking by a million times gazing...and drooling. It was a bit early for gelato or any candied apples, but I definitely like the selection they had. Service at the counter was friendly and fast.Next time, I'll make sure I have time to lounge and drink my coffee, which many customers were doing that day. If you're down there by the Palazzo or Venetian, and you're looking for a change-up from the everyday coffee shops, and want to drool at some desserts (better yet, just eat one), then I'd recommend Espressament Illy :)
4	Every time I come to Vegas, I stop in here for some treats.  This place is a gleaming marriage between an Italian style cafe and Las Vegas pretension.  The inside is stylish and a bit on the cold side.  I wouldn't call it cozy, but it's a fine place to stop in and get some gelato or one of the many coffee drinks.  The gelato, is, as some have said, not the best in Vegas, but they offer many flavors and the location is convenient.  The coffee drinks are served with such variety that I've been here about 4 or 5 times, always getting something different, and I still haven't made my way through them all.  From espressos flavored with chocolate to frozen coffee granita style, there's something for every coffee lover.They also serve light lunch fare like crepes and finger sandwiches.Illy is a great coffee brand, so it's no surprise that everything I've had here is of a decent quality, but you also pay dearly for that.  This place is far from cheap.If you're a fan of Illy, or of coffee in general, I'd say this is a no-brainer.  If you're looking for gelato, there is better on offer elsewhere.
4	yummy vanilla latte only downfall is its $7 for a small
4	My boyfriend and I stopped here for coffee after dinner at Cut.  This place is a modernized, Italian style cafe and there was an overwhelming amount of drinks, a beautiful display of pastries and gelato, and lots of seating areas.  I ordered a vanilla latte and my boyfriend ordered a cappuccino, so my review is solely for the coffee.  The barista was extremely friendly and accomodating to us as well.  Although it was a little pricey for coffee, Illy is a well-known coffee brand, and we definitely weren't disappointed with our drinks so it was well worth it.
3	Espressamente Illy is located in the mall area of The Palazzo Hotel. As you would expect the store is really nice looking. Nice decor. There aren't many seats though. I had a hazelnut gelato and my BF had one that tasted like eggnog. Both were pretty good. The hazelnut one was really good. The prices may be high but I am willing to pay extra for a good hazelnut gelato. It is so hard to find even a decent one. Be warned - the portions are very small here. Minus one star for not having a chocolate hazelnut/Nutella/Ferrero gelato. If you talk the talk you should walk the walk. This place charges enough so it should have all the best flavors. Minus another star for bad service. Usually, if you walk into a place, you get back what you give. My BF and I rarely get bad service but the drone behind the counter here was not taught to smile and/or be welcoming when he meets people when he was a child I guess haha! Plus, he motioned us over to the register with a rude hand gesture and some sort of grunt.
4	Yes, it's expensive and the prices are jacked up to take advantage of the tourists, but yes, the coffee is killer! As a Las Vegas local, I frequently make the trip down to the Strip just to get my macchiato fix. There's no other coffee quite as authentic as Illy. Since I can't afford to travel to Italy that often, shelling out $4 for an espresso doesn't seem so bad. They serve their coffee in REAL china cups which is important to me; I don't think coffee tastes as good in paper cups. And yes, you do have to pay an extra .50 cents for a "real" cup if you stay and drink in the restaurant. But that's okay, that's how it's done in Europe after all. The seating is very limited but there are several counters if you don't mind standing to slam your espresso. The gelato is decent too with several sugar-free flavors.
3	Gelato outstanding Latte was great Pastry was stale maybe it was the little woman serving it on Aug 8 2012 8:30amAwful attitude
4	With my feet killing me from my uber fabulous shoes, we stopped at Espressamente Illy.  The Marocchino Caldo made everything in my world great again ;) !!!
3	Good for a quick coffee run.  Service is awesome for the second floor coffee shop in the Palazzo.  Pastry selection is okay.  Better as an apothecary.
4	strongest latte i've had in US ;-) not cheap, for sure, but that's vegas for you. my husband loved his macchiatos too :-) just like in italy...we walked out cos it looked so fast-foodie but we went back in after recommendations from the Cut receptionist. so glad we decided to try it. we had coffee here twice and we'll try to have all future coffees in vegas here :-)
3	Great espresso and pastries as well as amazing presentation. The only downside to this place is a lack of organization - 3 people helped me with a shot of espresso and a pastry. Customers and employees were extremely confused what to do where to order and pay - it can get frustrating.
5	I only vouch for their coffee... Love the sourly taste of the illy coffee and if u like special espresso drink, go for "amore" :)
4	AFFOGATO. Ohhhh man. Vanilla gelato + espresso. It doesn't get much better than that. It will surely make you smile inside and out. The perfect pick me up to get me ready for the drive home after two long nights in Vegas.On a different note, their cappuccino cups are adorable beyond belief! This is as close as I can get to a real Italian cafe until I can actually travel there so I will probably return on my next Vegas adventure.
4	The affogato lived up to the hype. I got mine with hazelnut and caramel gelato, and it worked nicely against the bitterness of the espresso. It was around $6 for the affogato, so not bad when considering the place was inside the Palazzo. There are a ton of different gelato flavors, especially fruit-based ones, if you aren't into coffee.
4	So I am not big on coffee, but I got the two scoops of gelato with espresso poured over it.  Dangerously delicious.
2	Hmm not my favorite place on the Strip. Service was pretty bad... Most of the workers had attitudes. The crepes were just alright, and coffee was decent. Not worth the price for sure but then again it is located inside the Venetian.
4	I ordered a cappuccino but received a latte. The only reason I gave the 4 stars is because it was actually well prepared. Good microfoam and a tasty shot. I also ordered a single shot of espresso which was full of flavor from Mr. Illy the Master. I recommend this place as the best place to get coffee in the Venetian. The pastries are very good.
4	Caramel Macchiato  - AMAZING! I like getting stuff that is strong but doesn't taste too much like coffee ... and this was the perfect drink! I didn't have to add sugar or anything.. it was ready to drink... just how I like it!
4	A 4 of 5 ... but close to a 3 because of price. But then again, remember it is within a high-end resort. Espressamente Illy is the perfect light fare, coffee and crepe shop (and Itlalian ice cream - gelato) in the Venetian to Palazzo corridor. The lattes and cappuchinos are made very well. But for us, it was the crepes, specifically, it was the Strawberry with Banana crepe, and the Apple Cinnmon crepe ... mmm!It's always nice to encounter a good tasting item that is new or original or different in taste.We have yet to try the gelatos as an ordered item but we did have a sample spoon or two - good stuff!
5	It's got the perfect location between the Venetian and the Palazzo by the waterfall. It serves the best coffees and expressos and offers free Wifi if you need to sit and take a break from gambling or shopping. There offer a wide selection of pastries, gelato, and sandwiches too.
3	Gelato. Pastries, lite lunch fare and of course coffee. I had a chocolate pastry, my wife the gelato. It was good, not great I have to ding them for the hidden charge for enjoying my cappuccino in the store. They don't charge this if you get it in a to-go cup.
4	A lot of people here were talking about the affogatos, so I decided to get one here with two scoops of stracciatella gelato. Everything tasted good, and the price for it wasn't too bad.The employee however, was a little cold, therefore I'm taking one star away.
4	I walked by once.  I walked by twice.  But on that fateful third pass, my feet turned in as if of their own volition to this location located between the Venetian and Palazzo hotels.Rainbow colors of gelato greeted me.  My ice cream parched system, cried "Yes, Yes!"  And suddenly I found myself with 2 scoops of savory, coconut gelato in a small cup in my hand and the soft creamy coolness sliding down my throat.Expensive?  Sure . . .everything at the Venetian is.  But for this one moment . . . . .ice cream in hand, that I took to savor on the deck of the pool, it was worth it.  Even if it meant more time on the treadmill in the morning!
4	Favorite coffee brand has it's own shop?  Sign me up!  After reading the descriptions of the beautifully crafted espresso drinks on the light board, I decided on the 'Half and Half'.  Delicious!  It was like 2 drinks in one.  Bottom chocolatey half, then lift the straw a bit and get a rich espresso flavor.  Wife didn't care for it but I loved the contrast.    If I ever get lost or turned around in this area again, I'll definitely be coming back for my caffeine fix.
1	When I saw this place while walking between Palazzo and Venetian, it looked good. So I decided to try it on the day we leave on Sat 5/25. I bought two denishes and a slice of carrot cake. They were aweful. Basically they were not made the day. I don't know how long they have been on display, but the denises are hard and the carrot cake has a taste of fat which has been few days after they were made. I don't this this place belongs to Palazzo.
5	THIS IS ACTUALLY ONE OF THE  REASONS THAT I LOVE TO STAY AT PALLAZZO. They have a drink called amore with an espresso shot at the bottom with some non alcoholic liquor and heavy cream at the top so essentially the drink looks black and white. Also I had an affigato here which was to die for.
4	Extensive gelato and coffee selection. They also have some breakfast and lunch options, as well as crapes that looked amazing from the display case.  I got the Affogato (hot espresso lungo over two scoops of gelato). My gelato choices were chocolate and pistachio. I really enjoyed this treat, but how can you go wrong with combining coffee and gelato. This place is located at the connecting point of the Palazzo & Venetian, but part of the Palazzo side. Picture of the treat has been attached for your visual pleasures. Will be back again when in the Begas.
3	I went here today for something sweet for my co workers and I. The gelato here is amazing! I suggest trying it, however it will be pricey. $7 for a small cup. It was worth it. I tried the Spumoni, and the Mango flavor.  Ended up getting the Tiramisu, and my co worker got the Mango. A must try if you are going to the Palazzo. The staff is also super friendly and encourage you to try as many flavors as you want.
4	Ice cream is so good...pretty close to really Italian one. But ... 8.50 dollars for two scoops...well...
4	There's nothing quite satisfying like a good gelato ice cream, especially if it's summer and 115 degrees outside. I recently came to Vegas during the July 4th weekend and our first order of business upon arrival was to drive to Palazzo for Illy ice cream at Espressamente. For Friday mid afternoon, the place was already packed and we waited 10 minutes in line. It's located inside the 1st level of Palazzo's shops, near the casino entrance. Specializing in European style coffee, pastries, made to order dessert crepes and Panini sandwiches, their delicious and beautiful window display of artisan crafted gelato is what attracted me to this charming eatery. With so many unique and luscious flavors to choose from (50+ flavors), it was difficult to decide. There friendly and helpful staff allowed us to sample some of their favorite and popular gelatos. We ended up getting a double scoop on chocolate waffle cone of pistachio, tiramisu and mango gelato. The gelatos were amazingly delicious and silky smooth. Although they were a bit pricey ($8 double scoop with chocolate waffle cone), it was definitely worth it. Recommend to anyone with a sweet tooth and love desserts. Remember you're in Vegas so splurge a little. I can't wait to come back!
2	Overpriced coffee; I can get better coffee in Little Saigon for 1/3 of the price =)Tourist trap so beware.
4	Great display and good service. Staff is friendly and patient when ur trying to decide. Ice cream was good as well.
3	Good tasting crepe. My girlfriend and I got the mixed berry crepe as a morning treat and the jam & berry combo was delicious. Not overly too sweet. Great tasting Illy coffee. Not worth the $3.50 small sized "fresh squeezed" orange juice. There's plenty of gelato choices, but we didn't get to try any.
4	During my recent Vegas trip, I was desperately in need of good coffee. My husband and I have looked everywhere and  tried coffee offered in many different shops and hotels (there was a Coffee Bean right at the entrance to our hotel rooms); however, our search for a good decent edible cup of coffee as a pick me up was met only with much disappointment.  Finally, on our last day in Vegas, we stumbled upon Expressamente in the passage way between Palazzo and Venetian... We didn't have much expectation when we first found this place b/c of the disappointments in our prior days of search... But man when I had a sip of their latte, I had a sigh of relief ... We finally found a cup of coffee that is at least edible and enjoyable - with nice coffee bean taste instead of just pure sugar/cream taste or burnt coffee taste... Finally, a piece of heaven :)My husband is much pickier of his coffee... he's a third-wave coffee hipster or what you may call a coffee connoisseur...tho the coffee here still didn't meet his standard... At least it filled my craving and need for a cup of edible and enjoyable coffee. So I'd say if you can't find anything (coffee wise) you like in LV, try this place ;)In addition, I'd add that their crepe is pretty good too. We ordered the very berry and chocolate crepe. It was pleasing to the eyes. Taste was average to me.  I'll try to add a photo for you.
2	For the price, I expected better food and drinks. Coffees just alright, I make better espressos at home..
1	This place gives Illy a bad name... poor service, the barista lack knowledge and skill... and it makes me want to buy them a cup of cappuccino and ask them if this is really what they want to serve to their customers, and then leave before I hear their response. I love Illy coffee beans (I brew it everyday at home) but this experience was a sad disappointment. If you're going to try it despite my warning, good luck! I hope the odds are in your favor. Also, they charge for Dine-In "service"...
3	Coffee is good (Bouchon's is better) but the crepes are horrible - cold and not very fresh. Save your calories and go to Bouchon!
3	Delicious coffee so hot, you won't taste it (or anything else).Don't get me wrong, it's a fine product, illy coffee is one of my favorites; but here at the illy espressamente shop, they make it just a little hotter than they should. (Ten minutes later and I'm still burning my tongue trying to get a sip). I'm sure once it cools down a little (a lot) it will be delicious. I'm just not sure I have the patience.
2	I go back when I am in Vegas because the coffee is good but this last time over Thanksgiving, the customer service soured me on this place. We waited for someone to help us where we thought was the right "line", we waited and waited. Finally, the counter lady said the line was some where else, a few steps away. She saw us there waiting and let us wait and made us go to some other lady to order. Then after ordering, waiting some more for our coffee, we notice the other lady helping customers after she made us go somewhere else! Basically, service sucks. Please refresh on your customer service skills or get new employees so I can return and enjoy your coffee.
1	The food is ok nor more then that,and the coffee is good , but the SERVICE IS SO BAD that ill never repeat that mistake!After you talk with the manager here you understand why all the employees don't give a SH.. About your requests. Bad name for illy brand.
1	Horrific service. Paid $9 for a bagel sandwich and was offered no choice of bagel. The cashier decided I was having sesame. When my order came up, along with my husbands (he was only allowed a plain bagel) and some other dude's, I tried to ask which one was mine. She just screamed "ARE YOU TOGETHER OR NOT??". I had to open some strangers coffee to try and figure out if it was my latte or not. $19 for a latte and a bagel sandwich, neither of which was very good.  I'm telling you, never again.
1	Very rude staff, while I ordered the lady barked at me: "for here right!?!?" I said no to go. They never asked what kind of bagel I wanted, and when my order was up they called out the wrong number, when I asked about it I got more attitude. $14 for coffee and a breakfast sandwich and the worst staff I've experienced  on my trip. I don't think I've ever given a bad review on Yelp but this place deserves it.
1	I was excited to try this place because my sister raved so much about it. But if I could give them 0 stars I would. Service was absolutely horrible and the workers were extremely RUDE! One worker did the charging and the other one kept trying to get us to pay extra for things without telling us. They obviously do not communicate with one another so why were they trying to play tag team? Either teach your employees how to communicate and have better attitudes or have each employee take care of their own customers to make sure things are done right. After screwing up our orders by trying to overcharge us ends up not putting our crepes to go when we specifically asked them to. All employees need to fix their attitude and find out what customer service is about. Although coffee was good, I will NOT be coming back nor recommending this place to anyone until they fix this. Cannot believe how rude they are. Smh
3	I used to love this place.  Perhaps my taste buds changed over the years.  The half and half drink I always order just seemed WAY too sweet and the service is rude.  We came here on a Saturday night during the New years weekend and the place was crowded with at least 20 people in line.  There were about 5 people working that night and I can sense the tension amongst the workers.  Then again, who wouldn't be stressed out during a major holiday weekend?After I got my drink, it was overly sweet and wanted more ice in it.  I asked the first guy behind the counter for more ice and he pointed towards the other female barista.  I walked over to her and she gave me this angry look.  She said she was busy and had to serve the other customers first.  I asked again after she was done serving that other customer and she argued why I need more ice in my cup.  I told her it's because the drink was too sweet and she argued back saying that's the how it should taste.   I asked her to just give me extra ice and she finally hands me a cup of ice.  Yes I understand people working during the holidays are stressed out but why argue about a simple request such as extra ice?  It's not like I asked her to make my drink all over again.  All she had to do was hand me a cup of ice.  Done.  Simple.  If a family of 4 orders drinks/gelato here, be prepared to spend close to $30.  It's not cheap but you get pretty good quality for what you pay.  However, I was quite disappointed with the service and how I can't have my drink the way I want it.  Less sweet.
4	The affagato was sweet and creamy! Two scoops of your choice gelato and two shots of espresso :)
3	Lots & lots of choices! So many to choose from! I love their huge selection of Ice Cream. I got the mango & lemon sorbet and loved every scoop.  Came with a little wafer which is very nice.  Of course it was over priced but what do you expect for Vegas?  It was also so conveniently in our hotel (Palazzo).  Wish I had known sooner that they also had crepes!
3	Espressamente Illy is inside Palazzo right next to their atrium.... It's a great location.  Sometimes if I'm wandering the strip I will come in here and grab some gelato to cool me down on a hot summer day.  Their gelato is creamy and pretty good..... Not as good as Jean Philippe though.  Prices are about $7 for a double scoop..... Once in a while I will get a shot of espresso to go with my gelato. They serve Illy brand and it's rather strong.... But, not bitter at all like Starbucks.  So, even though I am a fan of their espresso and gelato, their service is underwhelming. The guys behind the counter look bored and when you ask for a sample you can see the death stares they shoot your way.  I normally sit inside the atrium while I enjoy my gelato and don't really sit inside.  I like the ambiance at Jean Philippe better.  Overall, you won't be disappointed at Espressamente Illy, but you won't be blown away either!
1	So when my number was called one item was missing, a bagel. My lady friend asks "what about the bagel, is it coming up?" Rude lil man behind counter loudly says "There is no bagel on your order!" #2 rude guy says "just give it to her," with some dumb smirk... Lady friend looks at receipt that's at our table and sees there is a bagel on the receipt. My lady friend with receipt in hand walks back to counter to advise the lil rude men that we are owed a bagel. She is ignored for minutes as this guy looks down not attending to my friend and calling out several order numbers. I basically had to yell at lil rude man and #2 rude man and ask them "IS THE BAGEL READY FOR THIS ORDER YET????!!!!!" And what do you know The bagel was done a minute later. These guys don't deserve jobs, they should be dropped in the middle of Death Valley with jacket, a straw and empty cup so they won't bother anyone else.
5	My review is based on the coffee only. I wandered into the Venetian and found this place one morning after hubby didn't really like his coffee from bouchon bakery. I had two coffees the one that's most memorable to me is a shot of espresso inside of a small glass of hot chocolate. It was so good. The hot chocolate was so creamy and chocolately, it gave the drink a great chocolate flavor while delivering a caffeine jolt I'm always happy with! I am impressed with their coffee creations at this little dessert, coffee & breakfast place.
5	great late night coffee spot
3	I love illy coffee and affagato is always good ... But not too much to rave about here
4	We dropped by here for an after dinner cafe.  I have been to Espressamente in Italy as well as here, and at the V.I like the selection of cafes, sandwiches, crepes, macarons, desserts and gelato.  In addition, the Vegas locations are open until 1 am.  What I don't like are the prices.  A large cafe is $5, and it isn't that large.  Sandwiches are $10, crepes are $12, and the portions are not that large.Nonetheless, you have to give Espressamente credit for its offerings which are quite extensive.  If there were one by my house, I would be a regular.  Plus, I love the color of the rainbow offerings w/ their gelato which I found to be very good on previous occasions.
4	Very good to excellent espresso, excellent crepes (mixed berry please), meh prices ~$5.25 for a large Americano, and a little hard to get the crew away from the TV (okay, Mexico has a match in the World Cup...how much can I fault them?).  I would never make them a daily experience because of the premium prices, but as a treat?  I recommend them.
5	We always stop here for some gelato and crepe whenever we are staying at the Palazzo.  We just love everything about this plac and had been a loyal customer for more than 5 years.  Price is a little pricey being in a classy hotel but well worth it.
4	delicious gelato, but pricey! They offer several sugar free options!
5	You can't get better than this place if you want real Italian cafe food and coffee. This shop is run by a wonderful Italian family who lives, breathes, and eats coffee. The reason why prices here and elsewhere on the strip are high is because rents are extremely high. I mean insanely high. It isn't because the shop owners are greedy. Bottom line, if you want a delicious coffee and dessert, go here.
3	This is is Illy so coffee is great. The Moarocchino is really good. However, the sandwiches are overpriced. Still need to try the coffee floats.
5	Had two espresso drinks and a crepe with Gelato (chocolate crepe with peanut butter gelato, awesome).  Everything was off the charts good. Great taste and great environment to just relax for a bit.
4	Excellent espresso, quick service, and an excellent assortment of gelato (although I did not take a taste).  The line gets ridiculous after eight a.m. but around 6 I was able to get in line and be waited on within a few minutes.  You can have your drinks for there or to go.  I ordered a double esprsso and it was piping hot with lots of crema.  It was perfect.  Anxiously awaiting the chance to go back and sample some gelato.
4	If you are lucky enough to stay in this hotel or be at a conference, this is the best spot to jump in and grab a coffee and quick grub.  Meaning personal pizza or wrap/sandwich to do.  They do have these incredible deserts and nibbles that are delicious.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is due to their prices.  Ouch!I've had their gelato as well, and their plus is they have every possible flavor imaginable. So take a break from gambling, but down your phone and have a sip and a bite!
2	Espresso was good. My moms drink didn't turn out that great tho and wanted them to remake it and the guy gave me some attitude and said something in Spanish that I take as being pretty rude. Uh ok won't come back.
1	They really don't know how to do latte.  They run milk foaming for more than 2 mins.  Disappointed.
1	The ice-cream was ok! I got a caramel macaron and it was sooo bad!! I think it was in their fridge for years :(
3	Pricey but good espresso and gelato.Espressamente Illy is my go to place when I walk through Venetian and Palazzo and crave some caffeinated boost.
