4	A fun place to go with a group or a date!  Be sure to order something flaming cause that's a real treat.  The food is great, I love the gyro platter, and the gyro salad.  The portions are surprising, since if you get a large salad you would be amazed and their idea of "large".   The deserts are okay, but I haven't had many of them since by the time it comes around I am ready to be rolled out the door.
4	For what's worth, I totally loved this place.  I'm sure Greek people find it insulting, but I totally loved it!  My gyros plate was awesome.  For $10.95, I got a plate full of meat, potatoes, rice and pita.  I was starving before dinner, so this dish left me more than satisfied.  What a deal.
4	Great falafel pitas and the Greek Fries are a family favorite!  Great location for the Fall-Winter-Spring as they have decent outdoor seating.The service is hit or miss; sometimes great, sometimes absent, but the food is always good.
3	Always impressed!  The olive plate is a great starter.  Or the feta cheese plate.  My favorite entre is the Tyropita, which is vegetarian.  The vegetables served on the side are flavored with a little lemon, which is so nice.  Mmm!  I also really enjoy their cocktails and beer selection.  The lemon martinis are great!  My mom likes to celebrate her birthday here, and we've been to the Tempe location as well.  The flaming baklava was burned the last time we ordered it, but, other than that, very good experiences here.
1	The one star is for our cute and friendly waitress, and the saving grace of the place. She kept our drinks topped off and was very attentive. Her name has been omitted to protect the innocent.The lack of 4 stars is for the food and atmosphere. The hubski and I went with a couple of friends on a Saturday night- a night when The Keg, The Cheesecake Factory, and PF Changs would all have a line out the door. MBFGR was empty.We sat outside to enjoy a nice Arizona May evening. We all ordered variations on their Pita sandwich. I had the chicken souvlaki with a cup of the avegolemono soup of the side. The hubski had the same with fries, and our friends had the chicken breast pita with Greek salad. They apparently go quite often and order the same thing. They were happy. Hubski was happy.I, on the other hand, was not. I started with the soup, although it had come at the same time as my pita. The top was cold and the bottom was hot. There were thick chunks of what was formerly soup skin floating around in an unappetizing manner. What should have been a tasty and warm "I'm sorry you had to fly 8 hours on a stinky plane and deal with lost luggage" comfort food, was instead screaming at me, "I've been left out all day! I am not fresh, and worse, I've been MICROWAVED!"I put the soup aside and picked up my pita. Pita is a stretch. It was not actually on a pita,but rather a flatbread. That would have been fine, but it was also cold. The grilled chicken inside? Also cold.I ate it anyway as I was hungry and did not feel like complaining. It would have taken another 30 minutes for them to make me another. I am not big on wasting food. Oh right- they could have just nuked it soup- style.I kept eating until I felt what seemed to be a bone in my mouth. Hmmm. Grilled chicken breast... bone? It was actually part of the burnt skewer that my chicken was cooked on. It was a little longer than an inch- longer than the actual cubes of chicken themselves.I would have been done then, but our friend wanted to order desert. He wanted the chocolate cake, but it is no longer available. However, we were informed that we can purchase it at a local... bakery? Not quite. I won't mention the place because really, it was a secret anyway. Point being, not cooked on premises. Further point being, not cooked anywhere you would expect to pay $6.50 ish for a slice, whatever the size.I won't be going back.disclaimer:After reading my review of Greekfest, you may think I just don't like Greek food. Quite the contrary. I love Greek food. That's why I am so particular when it comes to my galatabouriko being authentic and my souvlaki being served hot.
4	one of the first places i've tried in arizona during my brief stint. i haven't really tried greek food much since i find it too healthy. i had the chicken souvlaki, greek salad and ice tea. the chicken souvlaki was good but not greak, but their greek salad was awesome. i ended up finishing the salad and taking the rest of the chicken to go. man, i miss that salad. hope they open one in southern california.
2	It's not bad Greek food - it just doesn't deserve any OOH-PAH!s (which in Yelp speak means "this place doesn't deserve any more than three stars").Not to brag ...but I *know* Greek food.  I've been to Greece twice (once to celebrate the Millennium in Athens and the other was to be married on the Greek island of Corfu on the Ionian Sea).  So again, I say, the food isn't bad.  I get Chicken Soulvaki or Spanikopita and Ross usually orders Moussaka.If I were to recommend a Greek Restaurant in Phoenix -- please try Greekfest.  Although the name "Greekfest" is almost as cheesey as  "My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, the food is 100x better. The thing about chains is that you get a consistent experience and you can find them more readily.  So for that, I think  My Big Fat Greek Restaurant is just fine - but it isn't special.
2	It was ok. Too much of a chain feel to it for it to be considered authentic Greek food. Try Pita Jungle instead.
1	I was craving hummus for lunch. I was shopping at the mall and wanted something close...Big Fat it is. We sat down and ordered our water and tea. My dining partner wanted to see a wine list, so the waitress brought it over. Then she decided not to return for 15-20 min! We asked to taste two different wines, the waitress brought them over and my friend decided on one. Well, the waitress then took away the tasting glass, still half-full?! This chick was in a zone. We ordered the chicken soulvaki and the hummus trio. The hummus was really bad. It was gritty and flavorless. The chicken was so dry that my friend actually chocked on it!!! While trying to swallow our lunch we noticed that the bus boy would leave the side dishes on tables if they looked clean, for the next guests to eat off of, eeewww!! There we no towels in the bathroom when we got there, so I told the waitress. I went back to the bathroom about an hour later and still no towels?? I told the "manager" who was just as useless. My iced tea sat empty for quite awhile until I flagged down our space-cadet waitress. I used to come here and sit on the patio with my dog....never again...
2	I had lunch here a while ago and it was so medicore i forgot to give  them a medicore review food was average service was a touch below that and prices were out of balance w/the other two factors
1	Absolutely one of the worst restaurants I've been too. I used to go to the location at Tatum and Cactus which I enjoyed quiet a bit. My son, husband, mother, and I stopped by for lunch on Labor Day. First off the place is tiny, the service is terrible, and the food is decent. It took forever to get any service at all, after which we were seated basically in the doorway, it's silly and uncomfortable. Next we ordered my sons kid meal was brought out about 15 minutes before the rest of our lunch. My mom had a white sangria cocktail which was basically just orange juice, which I have never actually seen anyone put orange juice in white sangria before. My husband ordered the chicken sandwich was basically plain chicken on a bun with a half a head of lettuce, tomato and onion..yep that is really all. The french fries were somehow both burned and undercooked...not sure how that even happens. Finally it came time to pay our bill it came to about $33 which is completely reasonable. I paid with a $50 and was brought my change entirely in ones. This to me is absolutely ridiculous and rude Also I saw the waiter use the money from his wallet (his tips I assume) to make the change which to me is totally unacceptable, you don't bring your wallet out at anytime you're handling customers cash.Basically you could not pay me to return to this place.
4	I'm surprised to read some not-so-good reviews about this restaurant, I did not have the same experience as others.  The service was great - everything came out quickly and we had no complaints about our server.  My husband and I shared a gyro and it was really good, I was happy to see that they had a lamb/beef combo.  We also ordered the Greek fries (fries with feta and tzatziki) and they were excellent!  The portions were also very generous, we were both full from our shared plate.P.S. The fries earned a star all on their own.  They were that good!
4	this place hit the spot! service was awesome and great food! i had Spankopita which came with potatoes and rice it is THE BEST Spankopita i've had! i didn't really care for the rice but other than that i highly recommend! the atmosphere is authentic looks very Greek oriented and the music is very ethnic
4	I went here with a party of 8 last week.  This was my first trip to this location and it was a bit smaller than I thought it would be.  I think the Express in Tempe is bigger.  It doesn't matter though...I was just making a comment.Anyway, for a chain of Greek joints, MBFGR churns out some pretty respectable Greek food.  And this location isn't any different.  I know its not the best or the most authentic, but it does the job.  Their servings are generous, prices reasonable and service excellent.Even though I was in a party of 8, the service was very fast and friendly.  It helped that the place was not very busy at all for a Sunday evening.  We ordered 3 of those shared meat platter things and it was excellent.  There was more than enough food for 8 people with some to spare.  If you are going with a bunch of people and want to try something a bit different than this is the way to go.  You get a giant plate of Greek goodies for a reasonable price.The only problem I have is with the calamari we ordered as an appetizer.  They give you like 7 pieces of calamari mixed with a ton of fried onion strings.  WTF.  It LOOKS like you are getting a decent amount of calamari but when you look closer it is more like a pile of onion stuff.  Lame.
4	We stopped in for drinks & appetizers. There was no wait, especially for a table outside!  Jenica was our server and she was great.  She recognized us from a previous visit and took very good care of us. We ordered the Fat Greek Combo (see picture), Zeus & Athena draft beers. The combo is huge, with hummus, spanakopita, tzatziki, dolmades, keftedes & enough pita to enjoy every last bit of all the great flavors.The Greek Fries looked great, but we already had our hearts and stomachs committed to sharing the Fat Greek Combo. We really enjoyed our visit, the service, the food, the restaurant were all great. We definitely will come back, again, to try another Big Fat Greek specialty.
3	Who makes a platter for two for under $20 featuring enough lamb, gyro, chicken, beef, and pork to start your own farm with and then for kicks rice, lemon potatoes, and tzatziki sauce in abundance.  Oops! Did I forget to mention that they also had Pasticio on this platter.  I think I still have leftovers in my ice-box because it was sooo much food.  And it was sooooo good.I'd give another star if the service was a wee bit more attentive and if the atmosphere were as nice as the one on Mill Ave.  Still, I clearly ate it all up and will return.  Maybe with Michael C.  Spanokopita sounds yummy right about now!
2	I've given this place a try several times, but I just can't seem to get a good meal out of there. I had their alfredo pasta and it had absolutely no flavor at all. It just lacks flavor, everything I order I feel like going back into the kitchen to add a little seasoning. There are plenty little Greek places around that serves up good home made food and for alot less $$ too, I wouldn't bother with this place again.
4	My Big Fat Fantastic Experience!  Yet again Jennica and My Big Fat Greek Restaurant have spoiled us like family!We came in around 8-ish, the dining room was packed with a small wait.  We chose to enjoy the warm evening air on the misted patio.  It was perfect for our party of six, four adults and two children.  We ordered our favorite the Fat Greek Combo, Zeus & Athena Beers and by recommendation from Jennica, the Greek Fries and  Flaming Feta, of course chicken tenders and spaghetti for the kids. The combo is huge, the fries indescribably delicious and just saying flaming feta makes my mouth water.  The kids...and adults loved the flaming presentation.Jennica took very good care of us, the manager on duty even checked on our table and the owner Demetri stopped by too.  This staff obviously cares about the dining experience of their patrons!We ate till our hearts and stomachs were content, who am I kidding, they were joyful!  And if that wasn't enough Jennica brought us out a dessert that was obviously created for a Greek God or at least a demigod or two. I'll do my best to describe in mortal words, vanilla ice cream sprinkled with cinnamon sat atop fried sweet bread with honey and whipped cream.  It was incredible.Definitely sit on the patio and ask for Jennica, you won't be sorry.  Maybe a little stuffed, but not sorry at all!
5	This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area and beyond!  The service is always great, and the food is always absolutely perfect.  The portions are gigantic.  I always have to share my meal with at least one other person.  My favorite dish is the Gyro Dinner.  It comes with gyro meat, pita,  lemony potatoes, rice, and grilled vegetables.  It is AMAZING!  Also, the  Marinated Chicken Breast is another favorite, and comes with the same things.  Their Pizzas are delicious too, and the Avgolemono Soup is out of this world.  The Dolmades have also become a recent favorite MMmmmmmm!!!!!!!  This restaurant is one of the very few that has never disappointed me.  It is consistently fabulous, and I recommend it 100%
3	Went here today with my adult children.The place was spotless and about half full.We had the flaming kefalograviera (greek cheese) app served with 6 small pieces of pita bread. As soon as it arrived we asked for more pita bread as there were 4 of us. The extra pita bread never arrived.The cheese was good, a little salty for my son and not salty enough for my oldest but two of us thought it was great.someone other than our server brought out our food, 2 plates first then a minute later the other two people got their food. instantly the server stopped by and asked how everything was.  Honestly I don't know I haven't had 10 seconds to try it yet.My daughter had a salad, it was huge, and she loved it.My second daughter had the chicken Alfredo,  she said it was good but about half of the pasta was cold.My son and I had gyros in pitas, they were good, the portions were large and I lived the french (er I mean Greek) fries. The cheese on them really was a treat.The a bus boy stopped by to refresh our drinks and my daughter got a box for the rest of her chicken alfredo. After the food was boxed the server returned with the check and asked if we wanted anything else.The bottom line is the food was good but the service was fair. If I am going to spend $10 on a lunch entree and add an appetizer, I would expect more.I will likely give them another try simply because I liked the food and portions but if the service isn't better I will dine somewhere else. There are 10 good places to eat with-in a mile of this one.
3	I am updating my review.After I wrote my last review I got an e-mail from the manager at the restaurant saying he was sorry that my service was so bad and asked me to call him because he had some questions.He left his Cell phone number and I called.He was a nice guy and asked me to give his place another chance. Then he said he was going to send me a $25 gift certificate so I could use it when I came back in.Well a week went buy and I cat a call from someone at the restaurant that said the manager had misplaced my address and they needed it to send me the gift certificate. I gave it to them again.It has been 2 months since then and I never got the certificate. I did go back into the same place for happy hour and the service was average.I had a friend suggest that we go to My Big Gat Greek Restaurant express on Kyreene and Warner  so we did. The place wasn't as nice but the food and service rocked.Now don't take this wrong. I wrote in my first review that I would give the place another try, and I did. I never asked for anything but what I paid for but when the manager offers you a free meal and you are told a couple of times that you are going to get it and it never shows up. I consider that not being able to deliver what you promise.
3	Fast and friendly service. Cheap food for huge portions. I mostly end up with the El Greco Calzone, Aegean Club and always the Keftedes. I never go here without a coupon from the mailer and sometime the coupons on Restaurant.com can be good depending on the season.
3	First, I went into this restaurant and noticed that the setup seems good. The meals were between $8.00 and $30.00 I believe. I ordered a Gyro wrap with fries. Though the service was polite, they delivered another table's meals to our table by mistake at first.I later received my meal. When I did, it seemed like not a lot of food. The most of the food seemed to be the french fries. However, the lamb, etc within the gyro wrap had a good flavor, which I had enjoyed. I do think that it could have been more food though. But with my meal being on the lower end of the prices, I guess that I should not be surprised.I don't usually eat Greek food, but my opinion is that maybe this restaurant is good for once in a while. They do have a cheaper lunch menu until 4pm.
5	Love this place! When we go here we always get the meat platter. This plate is huge. Put it this way there is plenty to share & you'll still have to take some home with you. We usually go as a family and I order it for two but it feeds our family of 6 granted two are babies and the other two are under 10.This last time we went we took a friend and her children wanting to ensure there was enough for everyone I ordered the platter x3 and some appetizers. Since it was happy hour we tried the greek meatballs, greek fries and introduced my friend to the hummus.Again plenty of food, Probably could have done with out the appetizers, but hey they were happy hour prices. My favorites on the meat platter are the lamb chops,chicken kabobs and the potatoes.. Yumm!!
4	Happened upon this place by accident and what a pleasant surprise!  Started with the saganaki which was the only disappointment of the meal.  It was sliced way too thin and it wasn't coated enough so it wouldn't stick to the bottom of the serving dish.  My husband and I order the meat lovers special which included a little bit of everything,  The portion could have feed 4 people!  Best of all .... everything was delicious. There wasn't anything on the platter we didn't like.
3	I recently broke my no reviews of chains rule and so now I am writing reviews of the few that I do frequent regularly or that I think are particularly horrible.  I have a friend who is a gyro fanatic and so we go here for dinner pretty often.  I think the food is actually really good.  I am a big fan of their lemony-potatoes, I haven't had those anywhere else.  I usually get the moussaka since that is my favorite Greek dish.  The fact that they have a decent wine list and an upbeat atmosphere makes it a good girls night option... though since it is close to the mall it can sometimes have kids present, which kills the mood.
4	this is my real udpated review.  demetrios sent me my gift card right away and my boyfirend(also a fellow yelper) and i went with his roommate. the service was great- we had the same server as last time and she was really helpful. the greek dressing is amazing- very creamy and very authentic. i got the slouvaki- the only bad thing was that they were out of lamb but the beef and chicken were very good. the mediterranean pizza was amazing and the feta burger was ordered again, this time medium well, and was well cooked. i will be returning and appreciate the chance to give it another try!
4	My friend Pammie and I get together for lunch about once a month for general chit-chat, catching up and gossip. Everytime we start planning a date, we don't even both with the location - we know: it's always noon at Greek in Chandler.Love the hummus, love the greek salad with chicken souvlaki, love the big booths and love the atmosphere. It's such a fun place to eat, and while it's not the best Mediterranean in the world, the fun atmosphere and warm pitas keep me coming back every time.
5	I don't give many 5 star ratings, but this was definitely a 5 star experience. Granted, we were open about wanting to use the check-in offer ($10 off $30 or more, bounus!) so that may have tipped them off that we'd most likely be writing a review. They gave us the wi-fi passcode no problem to let us get on our iPod to bring up the offer. Our server was attentive and friendly. Even helped me talk my husband out of ordering soda while he's supposed to be cutting back. We got the gyro dinner and the mousaka, both were very good and much more food then we were able to finish (yay tomorrow's lunch). The manager even stopped by the table to see how we were and offered us a side of marinara to try with the mousaka. We ended the meal with an order of baklava which was great, but kinda small for $4. We will be going back.
4	As a bit of a jaded and cynical individual, I feel I should begin by suggesting that you not be dissuaded by the campy name.  The manager seems to genuinely care about his establishment, and it shows.  The Slouvaki alone is well worth the trip.  As someone who considers feta cheese his personal kryptonite, I feel I would be remiss to not suggest the feta burger.  The wait staff is VERY attentive and helpful.  Combine all of this with a clean and attractive atmosphere, and you have found a great dining experience.
5	I LOVE this place. The staff is nice, it's in a great location and the food is awesome.
5	My new favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area! (Food-wise)If you like Mediterranean (American styled, of course), this is THE place to eat in Phoenix. The lamb is great when cooked medium rare, which is VERY VERY hard to find! The atmosphere is Greek flaired, but nothing incredible. The service is spectacular. But it is always the food that makes or breaks the place, and My Big Fat Greek Restaurant hits the spot.If there is any down-side, it is that every time I finish one of their ample sized plates, I have to hit the gym to avoid becoming a big fat something else.Get the Slouvaki plates!
4	I love the stuffed peppers and rice. Anything you order is great!
4	This was my first time here and I really enjoyed it. My date and I got the flaming cheese and a large appetizer platter and we were full! I will definitely go again.
4	Good food.  Trio hummus appetizer was very good.  We shared the meat lovers platter.  Due to experience we ordered for two but there were four of us.  It was still a silly amount of food.  Great atmosphere.   Fun part of town.
4	Nice people,Great Gyros, salads, tzatziki, pitas and the flaming cheese.I'm there once a week at least for the greek salad with gryo meat and sub the village salad dressing - very tart and oh so yummy.Casual atmosphere and when we have great weather here sitting outside is most recommended.
3	Not the most authentic, but a nice appetizer playe and good kebab dinner. The spanakopita was good and I love their keftedes. Everything else is standard fare. They used to have the fish roe dip, it was great but like most good things, it had to come to an end- though I don't know why.
1	The placeThe place was loud, but what restaurant isn't these days. If the goal is to distract from the mediocre service and food, it didn't work. It really wasn't that bad, however we seemed to have a problem with our chairs sliding around on the tile floor - not a good scene with kids that ant sit still anyway. The foodThe food was exceedingly average.  When I go to a Mediterranean restaurant I'm looking for bright fresh flavors and at the fat Greek it seems like things are more subdued, almost to the point of being, dare I say, bland?  To top it all off, my wife ordered moussaka and they brought it out cold.  Seriously ... cold!  The waiter took it back and they brought her another plate, but this time it was a totally different dish. Oh goodness.  The third time was the charm - but at no point in this escapade did we hear an apology, no offer to comp the meal or any other action to say "hey - we messed up".Bottom lineThere are plenty of other places to find really GOOD Greek/Mediterranean food - skip the fat Greek.(this review was from a visit a while ago, I hope things have changed)
4	I recently came here to grab lunch with a few friends.  We had a nice time and enjoyed the atmosphere.  Good food- we got a few entrees and split them to get a mix of things.  Overall, I enjoyed the experience and food. I would suggest friends and family to give it a try.
5	The food was amazing and so was the service. The food came out super fast and was expertly prepared. Tangy and oh-so-delicious. I had a Greek salad with gyro meat added and loved it.  I also loved that the sodas came in great big glasses. Highly recommend!
4	Very delightful. Tzatziki was extremely filled with garlic but super tasty! Would definitely come again.
2	My husband and I went here last night and weren't too impressed. We both ordered martini type drinks, his straight up and mine was a Cosmo. Both tasted very watered down... very. Not worth the price. The food was just OK... not really overwhelmed by it. The Tzatziki sauce was very good so I will give them credit for that. The chicken wrap I had would have been better in pita bread instead of a pesto tortilla. My husband got the Gyro club and it was alright, although it was so messy and was a pain to eat since the food kept falling out of the sandwich style pita bread, that would have been better in a pita bread wrap as well. The meat was very good. We are still looking for a good Greek place since moving out here from the bay area in CA. Still miss our "Opa"!!
4	Actually, I would give them 3.5 stars -- went for lunch last week with my wife. She had the gyros lunch special with a side of Greek salad. I had the roasted lamb dinner with a side of Greek salad. Both meals were very good. My lamb dinner was flavorful and with the three sides and with the addition of the small Greek salad, there was plenty of food to fill me up. My wife's lunch came to about $8 and my dinner came to $20. But with a $10 off coupon that they advertise, we had a great meal for $18! Oh yeah, my wife had a coke for an additional $2.00 (I think) and I had a glass of so-called Greek Cabernet Sauvignon. The glass of wine cost me an additional $10 and it was pretty putrid. Maybe this statement is an over reaction on my part, but being the wine snob that I am, I really thought that it was bad. Worth maybe $4.50 a glass at best. But a decent place for a Greek meal if you ask me.
5	I can't really compare the Greek food here to anywhere else since this is the only Greek restaurant I've been to, but what I can say is that their Gyro special is PHENOMENAL. I get it every time I dine there. Looking forward to trying the Athenian Spaghetti on my next visit. No complaints from me about this place, and I know I'll be returning very soon.
4	Love greek food and if you want a great dining experience highly recommended.  Grab a coupon from http://www.restaurant.com/ and save a bundle.  We headed out for an early birthday celebration this Saturday and had a great time. Food is top notch and I can't get enough of that gyro meat dipped in tzatziki, OPA!
3	I keep coming to this restaurant to be disappointed by mediocre food, mediocre service and mediocre ambiance.  There are too many fabulous restaurants out there to choose this one again.
5	We had the restaurant.com recommendation and certificate. . .We had  the gyro wrap, gyro dinner and euro platter. We enjoyed the dinner and the atmosphere very much. The waiter was attentive. Had an excellent evening. Would go again in a heartbeat. They are making me change my cuisine choice to greek. The cheesecake, NY and Baklava style was a perfect way to end the night.
5	Absolutely one of my favorite places for lunch ... love love the jalapeno hummus ... and the chicken breast pita ... try the Greek fries they r to die for
5	Adorable decor, gigantic portion, freshly delicious Greek food. Let my pictures tell the story.:).
4	All I can say is - YUM. Hubby and I went in last night for dinner because we had a www.restaurant.com certificate. We started out with the Flaming Saganaki, which was soooo delicious. And I loved the way they flame it at your table! Although it was a bit on the small side, it definitely made up for itself in taste. I ordered the Gyro Platter with a pita on the side, and hubby got the Braised Lamb. The entree portions are huge! My platter was very tasty, although I didn't care for the potatoes. That's just a personal taste, not that they were bad or anything. The gyro meat was a tad on the dry side, but that just might be how it always is. I tried a bite of hubby's lamb and it was also very good! He couldn't stop raving about how he loved it even when we got home. Our bill was only $27 after our certificate! How awesome is that?! The Braised Lamb alone is $19.99! Service was great, and it wasn't very busy so that was nice. We will definitely be back!
4	Delicious Greek food and good service. I had the chicken souvlaki pita with Greek salad and both were very good.  My friend had the gyro wrap and fries and said it was also delicious. I also had the baklava cheesecake and it was definitely an unusual dessert, but extremely delicious. Lastly, you can't go wrong with the check-in deal!
5	I love that this location participates in the Restaurant.com deals! My husband and I get the $25 gift certificate for $2 and go every month or so. 9 out of 10 times the service is perfect! Every once in a while we catch them on a bad night, but the service the other times makes up for it! The employees are super friendly and kind. We tend to sit on the patio in the nice weather and have only once been forgotten by the waiter. That is a very good track record in my opinion, as we go there quite a bit!The drink prices are amazing! My drinks always taste exactly as I am expecting, they are very consistent. They do not skimp on the alcohol, I love it.I would recommend this location to anyone!
2	We went based on the Yelp reviews using the Restaurant.com coupons.  Everything the users have said is true. You are in for a completely average experience. We asked our waiter 4-5 times to bring us Splenda and he never got around to it. The food was stunningly average and the prices just okay. The atmosphere was fine but I wouldn't write home about it. Watch the movie instead if you really are in the mood for some greek culture.
5	Stopped in here today for lunch, joined by Robyn N.  I ordered a Gyro Pita with Greek Salad for my side.  The Gyro was big & delicious, & I got an adequate amount of Tzatziki sauce for it (served in a cup on the side) to make it nice & juicy, the way I like them.  The Greek Salad was BIG also, the service was terrific, & the price was LOW for a stylish full service restaurant like this.  So does that make it 5 Stars?  YES!!     :-))Gyro & Greek Salad $7.95!
5	I haven't had that much of a variety here because once I find something I love, I stick with it. Hands down THE BEST gyro pita I've ever had. It's a mix between lamb and beef and the flavor that explodes in each bite is unreal. Great hummus, the best pita bread I've ever had. Thick and almost buttery in a way. Not thin or cracks apart at all. I've had their calamari and that's more like a special treat for me, but it was amazing too. This is the best Greek food I've had, and I know the consistency of flavor and service will be top notch every time I order, which is mostly take out.Oh yeah, and the Baklava? TO DIE. ;)
5	The Greek country salad was actually pretty darn good.  The dressing was very tasty.  Lots of cucumbers,  some tomatoes,  onions, Greek olives and lots of good feta cheese.  The spicy hummus with cucumbers and pita was a great way to start our meal.  The Margarita with Sangria was not only good but the buzz was great.  The best part was I checked in and there was a coupon for $10.00 off at HH..  Glad we stopped here.  I will come back when I am in town.. On another note the service was great.
5	Yum, yum, yum. Beautiful, great variety, wonderfully served, friendly service. Best gyro ever!
5	Lamb and chicken slovacki (sp?).  Wow was the lamb good.  Will go back just to have lamb.  Side of rice and veggies were really good too.  Could find nothing to grouse about.  Well done!Hummus trio fantastic.  Extra pita, no hassle. Good service. Will return....
4	Amazing tzaziki. I was unimpressed with the salmon, but I guess I should've known better than to order salmon at a Greek place.
5	This is by far the best My Big Fat Greek Restaurant location, and I've eaten at quite a few of them. I've eaten here about three or four times now, and the food and the service are always spot-on. The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice, too-- it's a lot more upscale than some of the other locations I've been to, and I love that I see both families and couples enjoying their meals.If you hadn't had it yet, you absolutely HAVE to try the baklava cheesecake. It's a million times better than anything you will get at the nearby Cheesecake Factory.
4	Very tasty! We had the dolmades, the flaming saganaki, spanokipita, & gyros platter. The bakalava was good, but very cinnamonny. Would recommend this place to a friend. The staff was also very good.
4	I had read online reviews that kids eat free with a paying adult, that's why I went.  Maybe they've changed their policy because it wasn't free.  My child's meal only cost $5, so it wasn't that big of an issue. Future customers may need to adjust their expectation of kid's eating free before going there.
5	This is my favorite restaurant.  Good food, good prices, good service and the happy hour is awesome!  There have been times that I have eaten here every day.  My favorite things on the menu would be the Greek Salad with chicken, flaming saganaki, keftedes especially on happy hour, and the kyrokefteri dip not sure if I spelled that right.  The pita bread is unlike any other Mediterranean restaurant its a better quality thicker, buttery tasting and just amazing.  Thats just a bonus to the great food.
5	I have been have multiple times and will keep coming back! The service here is outstanding! My daughter wanted to have a group of 30 join us for a special occasion and the staff was awesome! From the manager, who closed off a section of the patio just for us and confirmed our reservation, right down to the server (Mike I believe) were all amazing. Even with the larger group the food was hot and delicious not to mention the speed at which they served us. The food came out all within a couple minutes of each other which isn't easy considering the size of our party. If you have been to any of the My Big Fat Greek Restaurants you will be impressed by the service here. The size of this location is a little smaller than the one in Mesa but it has a more date or adult atmosphere, which is a nice change from the loud chain places.The food here is fantastic!!! You must try the Greek Fries & the Tyrokafteri...This is a great place and coupons from restaurant.com helps ease the cost if you bring a family.
1	this place is closed
1	I ordered the Aegean Club which features chicken breast and gyro meat. I bit into my sandwich and noticed that the chicken was raw in the middle. I immediately spit it out of course, but now I get to worry for the next 48 hours whether I will get food poisoning or not. I am also pregnant with twins and fear for their safety as well. Yes, they comped our meal, but the cook should have seen it and the expediter should have seen it. The sandwich is sliced into four slices, surely someone should have noticed. If you go here look before you eat this sandwich.
4	This place has good food if you like their type of food. I do. The Chicken is perfectly seasoned. The hummus is good. The potatoes are probably going to be an acquired taste for many but very nice. So, food a 3.5 stars especially for the price. A big plus for this place is their patio. On days like this past weekend, those are the only places I want to go. Sit outside, enjoy the warm weather and the sunshine. Check them out on the weekend in the afternoon after two o'clock for their happy hour and a late lunch / early dinner. Also, at least as of this weekend, the Yelp mobile app is offering a $10 off when you purchase $25 or more and that includes the entire bill.
5	Mediterranean pizza along with the shrimp  and salmon salad. Wow, this was a perfect meal for the two of us to split - along with a glass of chard wine. The salad was one of the best I have ever had. And the pizza had the greatest crust ever. Our waitress was fantastic. We definitely enjoyed everything about our dinner- and can't wait to go back.
3	Ok I'll admit that I'm a tad biased because I can get actual authentic Greek food at home. I do like to try other Greek places to see how they compare. This place is just ok. I stopped in with a couple of friends because we found a great deal on restaurants.com. I had their gyros and avgolemono (chicken & lemon) soup. It all seemed a bit bland to me. If you're looking for mediocre Greek-ish food, this is it. I probably won't be visiting again.
4	Big fat Greek restaurant great place to some great food. My husband and I love big fat because it is cheap and we always use restaurant.com gift cards. Our favorites are the meat kebabs and I like the gyros and beef pasta dishes.  Alcoholic drinks are not that expensive either.
3	Overall a solid value for lunch - The Gyro's here are well done and the hummus is fantastic. Try the plain hummus with diced Jalapeno's on top - Yum!!!
4	My wife and I have been coming to MBFGR for a few years while going to the Chandler Mall area and have always had great experiences. I'm not very adventurous, and always end up with the gyro platter (a ton of gyro meat, tasty potatoes, and steamed veggies...almost enough for 2 servings) and a side of greek fries. Food is reasonably priced, service has always been good, and the most important aspet, the food has always been good.
5	When I am absolutely carnivorous, I come here and I get the "Aegean Club"  It is next to impossible to finish.   Unless you are a tri-athlete, or some other high calorie consuming person.  I never finish it, but I still like it!  I get two meals out of it.  However, if you don't want to gorge yourself, then I go for the "Gyro," pronounced "Hee-Roh," but roll the "R" like a spanish person would pronounce an "R".  Greeks laugh at people who say, "Euro."  Although there aren't too many greeks who seem to work at this place.....as a matter of fact they didn't know what I was talking about when I said "Hee-Roh,"  But damn it, I am not going to say it wrong just for them.  They should have a basic greek terms for the employee who work here.  Anyway, the lamb in both of these sandwiches is perfectly seasoned.  I haven't had a bad one yet.  This place is batting 1000 with me.  BTW - If you are having a party there and want to make it festive, you can get one of the flaming cheeses which come out on fire with singing etc....
1	My boyfriend and I decided to come here this afternoon to get the lobster ravioli, which is delicious. We were seated only to find they did not have that dish at this location! That was disappointing. Started with the jalapeno cilantro hummus, it was pure deliciousness. My boyfriend got a burger, and I decided to go with the grilled shrimp and salmon salad. I asked for it without red onion. Our food came quickly, and to my dismay my salad was infested with not only red onion, but white onion too! White onion wasn't even on the description of the dish. The salmon was tough and tasted absolutely horrible (couldn't decide if it was cooked frozen or just expired!). The balsamic dressing lacked flavor. The only edible thing in the salad were the shrimp, and I think there was only four of them. It was disgusting, do not order it.My boyfriend asked for yellow mustard for his burger, and they didn't have any. They serve burgers!!! Why would they not have that?! There are many neighboring restaurants that I'm sure have it, and it was slow. Our waitress could have easily gone next door and got some. He doesn't like ketchup, so he decided to just take it home and eat it with mustard rather than eat it plain at the restaurant.After about twenty minutes our waitress dropped off the check. She didn't even ask how the food was, or give me a chance to tell her, and both of our plates were pretty much untouched at this point. After waiting twenty more minutes, she brought the credit card back so we could leave, and we did. I give it one star because the hummus was delicious, and my boyfriend told me he enjoyed his burger when he had it at home. Service was lacking. It is a server's job to take care of the guests of the restaurant, and I did not feel that we were taken care of today. We will not be coming back.
4	This restaurant was recommended by a co-worker.  The food was very good and the service was great.  Was with a group of friends when I came here a few months back.   The brushetta was to die for and the stuffed grape leaves were delicious.  We had the gyro platter which consisted of beef and lamb carved off the shank and Mousaka which was an egg plant and potato dish that melted in your mouth!  It is a lively place and they had a nice bar.  The waiters were wonderful too.  You'll like this place so check it out.
3	We go often with family, and the place is pretty good. They recently stopped their happy hour inside, which is one of the reasons that I've downgraded it from a 4-star to a 3-star. They only have it on the patio and the bar, where before they had it all over the restaurant. It's summer; nobody is going to want to sit outside in the baking heat for happy hour when you could go somewhere nearby and get happy hour prices. My husband and I always get the Aegean club and split it. It's great--chicken, bacon, and gyro meat on pita bread with lettuce, tomato, and onion. Perfection. The red sangria is awesome. My in-laws always get the stuffed peppers, and they are ALSO divine. The last time we were in, there was live music. The gentleman who was performing was wonderful. It was the only time we'd seen there. The silverware is often dirty (I've had to exchange mine two of the last three times I've been in) and the service is just okay, but the food makes up for it. If you're craving Greek, it's a good place to go.
5	Great portion sizes and the service was very good!
4	3 stars for the food, an extra star for the service.I met my girlfriend here for lunch on a weekday. When I arrived she was already seated (right next to the door so we got the hot breeze anytime someone opened it...oh well) and our server was right there so he brought mine and my kids drinks right away. The longer we were there, the more packed it became. This place must do really well during the week for lunch.I ordered the gyro with fries ($8) and my kids both had mac and cheese with applesauce ($4.99). It's surprising that there is nothing "greek" on the kids menu. Instead, it's your typical "I can get this boring, typical kids food anywhere" food. My girlfriend ordered the pork souvlaki sandwich, per our servers recommendation, with a greek salad (also $8). The servings were a good size, her salad was pretty big, and the fries portion was large too. We ordered the sun-dried tomato hummus but it didn't come out so we asked about it when he brought our food. Apparently the kitchen had the tickets messed up. He comped us on that, and it was pretty good. Small portion for $5 and not enough pita. I think that they have deals every once in awhile on groupon, or living social...not 100% sure which site I have seen them on. I would snatch one if I saw it again, and use that to come back. There are tons of other options out there if I am paying full price.
2	Every time I come here it seems to get worse. The Flaming Saganaki was still pretty tasty but everything else we had was generic at best. I'm a self proclaimed foodie, so as there was nothing wrong with this place there was also nothing spectacular. I don't want to eat at a restaurant because it is ok. I want to eat somewhere because it has good food that makes me want to go back because there's no where else that I can get food like that. This certainly does not offer that. Go to any mall quality fast Greek spot and you'll get the same food. Also, the gyro meat was warm, not hot, dry, and bland. This was I think my last attempt at hoping their food would get better again.
5	Last Friday, my mom and I went to My Big Fat Greek Restaurant for dinner. Glad we ate there. The food was AMAZING!! The service was TOP NOTCH!! We had Mike as our server and is one of the best servers we've ever had in any restaurant. Ordered a sangria (Mike makes the BEST sangrias!!). For dinner, my mom ordered the Roasted Chicken Wrap. She said it was very good and flavorful. I ordered the Aegean Club which had bacon, chicken, gyro meat, and tzatziki sauce on a warm pita.  For dessert, we ordered the Baklava Cheesecake and wow it was very good!! Definitely will be back.
3	I'm not sure what happen from me previously eating the chicken soup but it didn't have that excellent lemon favor it usually had. It was a bit dull. Had a Cesar salad which dry but the chocolate cake was worth it.
3	I first visited this location a few months ago for lunch. My pita and sweet potato fries tasted great, and the price was extremely reasonable. The service was OK, but since I was eating lunch with friends, we focused more on our conversation than on our server. I returned last week with my husband for dinner, and the experience was not as positive. The restaurant seemed pretty slow, and wait staff were milling around the register at the front (which seemed unprofessional). Our server was friendly, but he gave inaccurate advice about menu items. Consequently, I was unable to eat my selection. However, he did apologize and bring over the manager, who deducted my entree from the bill. I do appreciate them making it right, but I didn't order anything else and filled up on my french fries, instead. My husband thought his stuffed peppers were OK. They were prepared as described, but he just didn't love the taste. Our chocolate desert was pretty good, so our experience ended on a decent note. The restaurant's decor is Mediterranean-inspired and quite attractive. The menu seems to offer a nice range of authentically Greek/Mediterranean food, which is a unique departure from the dull chains scattered throughout Gilbert. However, the restaurant just lacks energy, and I fear it may not survive the Crossroads corridor for long.
2	No bueno. The food here was not that good and the options were limited. I ordered something and they were out of it which forced me to eat something I didn't want. The bruschetta was pretty good but not worth the price. Only came here for the coupon and won't come back. The place seem a little dirty.
2	Originally the food was awesome but it has steadily gone down hill.  The breakfast gig they were doing was great but it's inconsistent on when they actually open.  Showed up at 930am and still were not open.
4	Pretty awesome food. Had the gyro, greek fries, and salad. The calamari was alright, was not too impressed. Customer service was good. Parking is kind of hard depending on time of visit. Quick service though! Definitely coming back!
4	It was good and decent pricing. It's very large in there so it looks like lots of family like to come in after church. We were seated quickly and the server was fast. He always kept my glass full!I had the chicken kabobs with vegetables and rice. The vegetables were well prepared with zucchini cauliflower carrots squash and broccoli. I didn't like the rice so much. I was hoping for like a bismati type rice. The chicken kabob was good and moist. It was a decent size serving and leaves you feeling full. Check in with yelp right now and get a 10 dollar coupon off 25 dollars. How great is that?The table next to us ordered the Greek salad on the side and it looked really colorful and phenomenal... I would consider that next time.
5	Very good service and awesome food! Our server was Mike G and he was informative and knew the menu well! We will definitely  be back!
3	Good Greek food, but a little pricey.  We enjoyed out meal and our little girl had a nice time in their outdoor seating area.
4	After going here for years the Greek fell out of our grace with a menu change and tini Martinis.   Well were pleasntly surprised to see our fave items back on menu (Fetta Burger) and real sized Martinis.   Mike G. was great, pleasant and efficient.   Plus they always honor any Yelp coupon, unlike other Greek restaurants (Zorbas).  Bravo Greek....
5	We spend winters in Arizona and look forward, each year, to eating here.  We've always had great service and food.  The restaurant is clean and staff  friendly.  A shopping day in Chandler is not complete without eating Greek.
5	As a real Yelper, gotta say I think some of the 1-stars are b.s... Esp  those with few other reviews or others who say "go to xxx instead." PLEASE.... ANYWAY... FANTASTIC Village Salad (horiatiki) - feta chunks, greek olives, etc, no lettuce, real Greece-style. The dressing has red wine vinegar but it doesn't have the stinging bite, absolutely FANTASTIC. Also LOVE the chicken on skewers, tender, flavorful, WONDERFUL. BONUS: SANGRIA ROCKS!! I try it a lot of places & the way thru do it here is Mt favorite style... Strong bite yet sweet. The fettucine Alfredo is GOOD if you like it LIGHT - we do! Not gooey, more milk consistency, nice nutmeg touch to it. FRESH veggies as a side, nice & crisp, sauteed lightly, which is what we prefer.2nd time here- different chef, we can tell, but just as good!
2	I do not know what happened to this place. I used to eat here all the time, but its obvious that something has changed.My wife and I went here on Sunday for a late lunch (2pm). We were seated quickly, and the waitress came over promptly, took our order and then vanished. We ordered an appetizer of dolmades, with entree of hummus + grilled chicken and a gyro +steamed vegetables. 25 minutes later our dolmades arrive at our table, then another 15 minutes for our entrees to arrive. Did I mention I ordered a gyro? The wait was crazy considering there were no more than 10 tables with patrons. The only saving grace was that Yelp had a online coupon for $10.00 off if we spent $25.00 or more. No one apologized for the long wait time in the kitchen. The food was as good as expected, but its kinda hard to screw up a gyro and hummus. I would go back but not unless I had plenty of time to eat.
3	Food was ok but not really an exceptional experience. Basics were there but no great Greek food. More of a chain greek. Service was slow and not really present. Had to seek them out. Price was ok.
4	Short story: food is delicious and portions are HUGE.When my friend told me he would take me to a pretty good Greek place, I already had in my mind a gyro...which I did not find on the menu here. Sad. But, I was able to satisfy my craving for gyro meat by ordering a gyro platter.Served with your choice of two sides and a healthy portion of gyro meat and tzatziki sauce, I felt like this platter really hit the spot. I paired it with fresh steamed veggies (broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, and zucchini) and rice. I was stuffed. My friend opted for the steak platter...not very Greek, sans the rice with Greek spices. And my other friend opted for a calamari salad. When she noticed dressing was delivered already mixed in, it occurred she had forgotten to mention her allergy to dairy products...this was quickly escalated to the waiter who wasted no time confirming all the ingredients in the dish from the salad to battered calamari to the pita delivered on the side.Excellent customer service.Two of us were also in SF Giants gear having come from a Spring Training game. Our waiter relentlessly teased us offering discounts if we bought AZ-team jerseys (ain't happening) and a meeting with Freddy Sanchez (who apparently frequents this location Mondays and Wednesdays) - it was a fun (and filling) time overall
5	Okay, $10 off $25 or more with a checkin? Heck ya. My 2 daughters and I pulled in here on a whim and were very happy we did. We were seated immediately and were served our waters. I ordered a Sangria which was freaken delicious. Food came out pretty quickly and it was great. We ordered hummus and bread appetizer, Greek fries, and split the chicken pita with Greek salad. Oh and cheesecake. I was a little worried when we got our check because the girl had never seen the yelp check in coupon. But she came back and said it was all good so my check ended up being $15! Wow. Great place. I'll be back!!!
4	Great food. I had the philly gyro melt. Perfection!  The Greek salad was also very good. Calamari was perfectly crispy. The service was slow for lunch. They only had two waiters. All in all, pretty good food. Needs to improve on speed of service. If return and recommend.
5	Tried the Grecian Delight Pizza and Aegean Club sandwich. Large & delicious portions! Would definitely recommend this location! Great service too.
4	Can't beat the yelp deal. Love the gyro here.   Service is not top notch bit I like eating here.
4	My wife & I love this place.  In a nutshell, good food & good service.  Highly recommended.
5	I love this place! I go here often for lunch and they have good lunch specials/prices. You get a lot of food so it's really a good value. I am obsessed with their Tzatziki Sauce and always have to request more. I recommend this place to anyone who likes greek food.
