4	We thought we lost our favorite breakfast spot when we saw the locked doors off Northsight Blvd.  You can't begin to understand our excitement when we saw the now open sign at the new Market Place location. Yes all is right with the universe again
5	In DC Ranch. Cool breakfast place!
1	The spelling is The Breakfast Joynt.... it is located next to Flemings on Pima Road.Our first and only visit was Saturday morning around 9AM. Maybe we have high expecations but when you go to a restaurant for breakfast the first thing that should happen is either someone brings coffee or asks how many would like coffee.... we waited 5 minutes and no one came to our table or acknowleged us at all.... so we left.  The tables were approximately one third occupied and we saw plenty of waiters/waitresses.... apparently we were invisable.Even Denny's knows the #1 breakfast rule..... bring coffee.
1	Tried the new Breakfast Joynt for the first time this morning and were disappointed. Breakfasts at the old place were good.  Not so here.  My  wife ordered her eggs basted medium, with the whites completely cooked.  She got eggs with a lot of the white still runny (slimy to me).  When told, the waitress tried explanations (excuses) like, what choices she had when putting the order in the computer - even tho the kitchen was steps away.  We asked that she tell the cook as she took the plate, and when she picked up the check she said she had told him.  That  was the end of it.  Nobody cared.  That hurts more than a bad breakfast.  The bacon was tough too, but that happens.  DC MarketPlace needed a good breakfast restaurant, but as far as we're concerned, this isn't it.
5	(skip to second paragraph if you don't want our background story on this place)... Having moved to DC ranch recently, I was very excited that we could literally walk to the many restaurants that are on Market St.  That being said, I was not a fan of the only other previously available breakfast place.  Then I heard Breakfast Joynt was coming and my expectations were kind of blah based off my experience of their old location (more due to service rather than food, which was excellent).  So, for the last two Sunday mornings in a row, my wife and I have loaded our son in his stroller and taken the nice walk through our beautiful neighborhood and gone here to give it a good try.  Both times I have been blow away!My basis for a great review is always based on the restaurant living up to expectations, in this case providing great, filling, comforting breakfast food.  I was not disappointed.  Their menu offers all the variety of a great breakfast place, and they execute very well, especially for having just opened.  I had eggs Benedict the first time that was perfectly cooked (I like that they use bacon and avocado on one of their versions), and then I had the chicken fried chicken with eggs and gravy, which was out of this world good.  Haven't delved into their healthier options yet, but sunday breakfast is kind of my cheat meal every week, so i don't care.  Overall, I wish this place the best of luck and I hope that they take the feedback given in their one negative review to heart, as I think the issue raised is useful to address, even though my experience there was totally different.  I love having this place close to home.
3	Came here for breakfast with my daughter for my birthday. We both ordered omelets. I got the veggie and she basically got the kitchen sink. They come with hash browns and your choice of bread or pancakes. Here is the breakdown:Omelets - MASSIVE! They are basically a 9" egg pie stuffed with whatever you ordered in it. We both liked themHash Browns - Average. They were crunchy on the outside but nothing specialPancakes - I was excited that they were an option. The waitress said that they were buttermilk pancakes and that they were good so I ordered them. The were big, fluffy and ............. meh, nothing special. I was kind of bummed. They device was fast and friendly and they are located close to my house. I wish it was better.
5	Beautiful Airy new location in DC Ranch in Scottsdale off Pima Rd! Nice Patio and good service from owner and waitresses ! Breakfast was the same as other location and look forward to returning on weekend !
4	I've been here several times and have been happy with the food and service.  I usually get the omelet breakfast which comes with your choice of ingredients, hash browns and two pancakes.  It's the perfect combination of savory and sweet.  I always have enough food to take home leftovers for the next day.
5	FABULOUS breakfast,  great service!  This was a real find with the best bacon I've had in a long time.  We will definitely be back.
5	Great place! The food, service, and atmosphere is top notch. Dining outside here is my favorite ... Especially since they are DOG friendly. When they seated us they brought out a bowl of water for our dog too! Our favorite is the omelet and Belgian waffles!
3	Breakfast around 10a on a Sunday. Not overly crowded. Two of us were able to be seated right away. The service was very friendly. I like the 9.99 omelet with all-you-want fillings and no up charge for egg whites. So that's what I got. Comes with shredded potatoes and toast or pancakes. I ordered pancakes. I must have sipped half a carafe of coffee waiting on my food. I swear it took 35m for two identical orders! Waaaaayyyy too long!! The omelet and potatoes were tasty, but the pancakes were yuck!!! The texture was God awful...thick, rubbery & chewy and the syrup is equally gross. I think I had 3 bites and was quickly over them! Next time I'll stick with eggs/bacon/toast!
5	I ordered the make your own omelet.  It was large and tasty.   Came with a side of hash browns and choice of toast, English muffin or pancakes.  Very good coffee and the waitress kept our mugs full.
5	Our group of five wanted a classic American breakfast. This place delivered. We decided to eat outside on the patio , this was not a hassle for anyone. Service was great and everyone had coffee that was full at all times. I had the 2x2x2 which was there 2 pancakes 2 eggs  and 2 bacon . Fluffy pancakes what more can a man ask for with warm syrup. Win.
4	First time eating here...overall pretty good experience. Sat at the bar top, waitresses were friendly and attentive. Brought coffee right away and checked refills every 5 min which I really appreciated! Good omelette, prepared differently than I've seen before, but good tasting. Much better than the breakfast I had up the street at Market Street Kitchen. Would return here for sure to try the rest of the menu. Need to test out their patty melt...the true test for a roadside diner type of joint. Overall...a B+ on my visit.
5	They have regular american breakfast items, BUT (and believe me its very large but) they cook them very nice, light, testy, so far for me best breakfast place in town
5	Great new place for breakfast! It's a traditional American breakfast joint with great service and food! The waffles and pancakes are very airy and fluffy. The potato and corned beef hash are to die for! I would definitely recommend this place for anybody who is looking for a nice breakfast with family.
4	When we headed to this location they were packed!  They are obviously a local favorite.  We were able to secure seats at the bar, which we enjoy since you can always watch all the action from here and see how things work.The country fried chicken is amazing! Our waitress was okay, she kept on top of things, but seemed to be overwhelmed with how busy it was, which was fine. The down sides to this place are the parking and how busy it can get.  But if you are willing to walk a bit and hang out for good food that's worth a little wait - head out here!
5	Breakfast Joynt is a great locals place.  It is a little hard to find,  but make sure you find it!!   Breakfast is served all the time they are open   Everyone on the staff is friendly.   The owner,  David,  is usually around and he obviously appreciates the bus7.  BTW, the food is always great.   They have good specials weekdays.  This is definitely a keeper! .
3	Excellent omelets  and light fluffy pancakes. There are so many great breakfast places in Scottsdale. This just may be the best in N Scottsdale. The patio feels like you are dining at a mountain ski lodge.
5	D'Lish !!  And totally fresh !  It's more than a breakfast Joynt.   This place rocks for lunch I tried the Chicken avocado club turned into a salad the chicken was very lean , cooked perfectly and juicy.  I'm a ranch fanatic so was kinda disappointed when I tried it :( not authentic at all tasted like a little dipping sauce from a fast food joint.  The ambience was delightful very cozy I will most def be back
5	I've eaten here 5 times and the service has been friendly and prompt.  Food is consistently good at breakfast.   This is my first lunch meal.  Also good but I think breakfast is better.   (Hence the name!).  Strongly recommended!
4	I have been here a few times now and every time there is usually a 15 minute (or longer wait). This place is popular! Once the wait was so long (and I was so hangry) that we had to go somewhere else for brunch. That isn't the usual since most of the time we've been seated within 15 minutes. The location is great and there is plenty of parking. They have a nice patio but no permanent overhang - just a few umbrellas. This isn't very beneficial when it's raining (no one can sit outside) or when it's too sunny (not enough shade). This can be overlooked since most folks don't want to sit outside during the summer, but otherwise it's something they could improve on. The menu consists of regular breakfast fare - pancakes, omelets, biscuits and gravy, etc. The prices are pretty inexpensive, especially for the amount of food you get. Most items come with hash browns and the option of toast or pancakes. I'm a sucker for pancakes and they are really fluffy here.  My first experience here I ordered pancakes with scrambled eggs and bacon. I requested my pancakes to be blueberry and they were delicious. The next time I ordered biscuits and gravy with over-medium eggs. The gravy is fantastic here. (My husband has ordered chicken fried steak several times and he can attest how good the gravy is.) A third visit I ordered an omelet. As for toppings, you can order your omelet with all the toppings you want. (I chose ham, mushrooms, and cheese but the options are pretty limitless.) In addition to the regular menu, every week they have a special. One visit my husband ordered the special - which was southwestern biscuits and gravy. This time the gravy was spicy with jalapenos. It was different but I much prefer their regular gravy.  As for drinks, they have pretty good coffee. Overall, this is a great breakfast spot that I have shared with both family and friends. If you are in the neighborhood or up for an adventure, I'd definitely recommend checking it out.
4	Excellent spot - gets busy quickly so get there early. The staff is very friendly and the food is great and made fresh and delivered to the table fast. Had the California eggs benedict with house made hollandaise and it was very tasty. Prices are very reasonable and breakfast for two came out to $ 26.00.The breakfast joynt also has great patio seating with misters.
4	my 1st visit.   Breakfast was great. Had an egg white veggie omelet.  Delicious.  Service was good.
4	Great location, friendly staff, good food quality although bread could be better for sandwiches.  Awesome for breakfast!!!
5	I love the food and great location. Awesome little breakfast spot. I think the prices are good for the food you get, quality and quantity. Highly recommend the omelettes.
2	Food was average, service was very poor. We went as a party of six. The menu is standard American breakfast and lunch fare. We waited about forty minutes for the food to come out, except for the person who ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, which took about another ten minutes. Nobody was dissatisfied with their order, but it was really nothing special. Not worth the price or the wait.
5	OK, so its hard to screw up Breakfast, but it is also hard to make it stand out........Both times we have been here, we have been pleasantly surprised!! I had the Lump Crab meat Benedict and it was more than ordinary, and I got the Sweet Potato Fries instead of Hash Browns.My father in law had the Swedish pancakes because he has been to Sweden multiple times and said they were just as good as being there!! LOL!!Next time we are looking forward to going for lunch (they are open until 2)......
5	Decided to give this place a try this morning after we found it on yelp. Very good food! They offer everything from build your own omelets, to different types of French toast and pancakes to crepes and several eggs Benedict to choose from. But the highlight was the biscuits and gravy. The gravy was excellent and the biscuits were soft and fluffy. One of the best ones I've ever had. Definitely give this place a try if you're looking for a good breakfast.
5	First time to the place and we had amazing food! The service was friendly and the place was very clean. If you like spicy food, you need to try the Southwest Gravy. My son had the crepes. I don't like sweets and thought they were amazing! I had Bruce's bowl. You like breakfast meats, then this for you! Bacon, sausage, off the bone ham and if course some eggs and hasbrowns! Not for the faint of heart. You MUST add the pork green chile too. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
4	The place gets very loud. Lots of family's come in from the DC Ranch area. But the food is good. I had the California Eggs Benedict which was excellent & my husband had biscuits & gravy and that was good as well. Service is great. Once the weather cools off and we could sit outside that would be the perfect situation with this place.
5	Family and I enjoyed eating here. Great price and huge portions. Luckily, we got there right before it got busy. Our server was really friendly. My picky 3 year old inhaled her food. We will definitely go back. I thought it was better than Over Easy down the road.
5	Im not a huge fan of biscuits and gravy but I decided to try it here because I heard they were good. AH-MAY-ZING!!! Hot fluffy biscuits with sasauge gravy with warm golden hash browns and an egg cooked to your liking. If biscuits arent your favorite thing, try it any way. You wont regret it! Oh and my moms eggs benedict was delicious as well!
4	Bruce's breakfast bowl is great! Just get it! The Owner came up and asked if everything was good - that's nice customer service. It's a Mom & Pop type place and I love that!
5	We really enjoyed breakfast here. Since it was a weekday after 9am it was very quiet, so the atmosphere was very relaxed. The place is clean, including the bathrooms. The food is excellent and we'll priced, and the ingredients seem to be good quality: my fruit crepes consisted of fresh strawberries and blueberries, not fruit from a can. My husband's hash brown looked like real potatoes, not stuff from a dry-mix. My only complaint is that the coffee tasted a bit watery, and could have been stronger. Finally, our waiter Richard was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive (without being annoying). Will definitely return if in the scottsdale area again.
5	Best breakfast restaurant in Scottsdale! Reasonable price. The biscuits and gravy are amazing. My husband loves the chocolate chip crepes! Try it, it's sooo worth it.  :-)
5	I was acquainted with The Breakfast Joynt after using them for a catering event. WOW is all I can say! Dave is wonderful to work with as far as catering and the food was out of this world. It was so good that I meet up with friends twice a month and we meet here for breakfast. The food is great, the service is out of this world, and Dave and Sue are the nicest people ever. I high recommend this place to everyone! Not only to eat, but for catering as well!
5	My husband and I eat breakfast out more often than any other meal so when we saw this little restaurant we decided to try it.  So glad we did. Husband had the eggs Benedict and the hollandaise was wonderful.  I had the Swedish pancakes with lingonberries which were perfect.  Think we just found our new favorite breakfast place.
4	What a nice little breakfast joint!  Chase, our server, was very friendly and attentive to me and the rest of his customers.Mom had the jalapeno chicken soup, loved it! I had the jalapeno chicken club, loved it!  Only disappointment, the jalapeno wasn't cooked, just cut up and placed on the sandwich.  Other than that, loved it!  I know, picky.Planning on bringing the kids :)
5	The service here is excellent. Prompt. Courteous. Helpful. The restaurant is clean. And the food was downright tasty!! I arrived with a group of 18. The servers were so friendly and fast. I ordered the southwest biscuits and gravy with a side of bacon. It was delicious. The syrup was offered warm to the pancake/waffle orders.
5	Perfect Eggs Benedict and excellent Chicken Fried Steak breakfast. Service is terrific and it's a beautiful place to relax and have a delicious breakfast, brunch or lunch!
4	Pretty hidden but worth the search... Right next to the steak house.... The basic is delicious, hash browns were a little burn but the service was great and friendly with a smile... Definitely need to check it out
5	Gluten Free pancakes and bread!! They don't say it on their new menu, but they have it. Had the pancakes as a side since they are hard to come by. Even without the gluten free, meal was great. Breakfast is usually easy, but good breakfast like this is harder to come by. Cute place to boot. A little hard to find because it is a large center, but glad I did.
5	Great little place, highly recommend coffee and Eggs Benedict, great start to the day.
5	Wonderful food & service!! Hash browns are delicious and so are the waffles :). I wasn't too impressed by the coffee however but there's always Starbucks!
5	Great service, an incredible patio and good breakfast food.  What more could you possibly want in a haunt?  Sitting outside in December is just spectacular.
3	Honestly I don't know where all these great reviews come from. I took my family here for breakfast and the service was okay and the food was average. I think you're really paying for the ambience of the area. I would say if you're starving and you want some breakfast this will do but if you're looking for excellent food you might want to keep driving. I ordered a breakfast burrito and my burrito  bread was soggy and the contents were Luke warm as if they had just been microwaved. My wife's pancakes weren't  much better. I would say this place is at most average.
4	Really loved it.  Had to wait a bit for a table,  but that's not a problem.  Food great, and really friendly, smiling wait-staff.  Definitely recommend for breakfast!
2	Sat outside at our table for about 20 minutes as servers walked past us over and over.  Finally flagged one down and the look on his face was like "Oh, didn't see you there" as if we magically became corporeal.  Granted I came on a Sunday around 11am, but 20 minutes without even being acknowledged really grinds my gears.  The food was OK but nothing special.  Plenty of better breakfast places around.
2	Can I just puke out what I ate? Coffee with petroleum packets, hot cocoa made with powder bought in an envelope packet. Who knows what the eggs were made of. Pancakes served with non-maple syrup. Like is this even a joke? Felt I was in a bad food dream.
2	When i arrived I was excited because this place is packed!! However, I left feeling like the food quality and taste was similar to Denny's.  This is a great place to cure a hangover but not the kind of place to go if you like a healthy breakfast. I typically go to Tryst in dessert ridge. Its more organic and fresh.  This place is busy though so to each their own!
5	Brought my mom, kids and grandkids here- where we were welcomed by a cheery server. We ordered biscuits and gravy, omelets (which are only 9.99 for as many ingredients as I wanted) pancakes, and my grandsons ordered burgers.  We like a restaurant where you can order breakfast or lunch all day long. Even the coffee was superb. This is our definitely our new Joynt!!
5	When I think of the perfect breakfast I think of The Breakfast Joynt. Truley the best omelettes I've ever had (and I'm not a bad cook myself). I can add chicken, avocado, unlimited veggies and it's all the same price?! REALLY what restaurant does this? They will acomadate any requests to modify my meals from adding broccoli on the side or if I just want a piece of chicken on a plate that day (I'm a health nut, sorry).  Friendly staff and service, and the owner is always there to make sure you meal is perfect. I'm always sure to take my friends and family there when they are in town.Tasty food , fast and on budget. My regular spot for life!
