2	Wasn't impressed in the least. Nothing fancy... Basic toppings like white onions, iceberg lettuce, and processed cheese. If I'm paying more than McDonalds prices, I want better than a slice of off brand processed cheese on my burger. Maybe even a choice of American, cheddar, or a white cheese. Also, when going out specifically for a burger, a milkshake would be great along side it. Its just hamburgers, cheeseburgers, hotdogs, sodas. If you order a regular burger/cheesebuger, be aware that it has 2 patties. A regular sized fry is enough for 2 people. The place is LOUD. It gets quite annoying lsitening to the employees yell out how many people just walked thru the door, as if we didnt see them. They also have a worker constantly yelling out how long its taking to dish out burgers from order to pick up time. I like the fact that they tell the cooks if they need to speed up or not, but it just gets ridiculous constantly hearing them yell at each other. The only things I enjoyed about Five Guys is the free peanuts, the cool soda machine with endless options, and the homemade tasting fries. All in all, I will stick to Smash Burger or Fatburger where there are more options, better topping, and more bang for my buck.
3	Kalila was not excited to go to FIVE GUYS, because she has had it in New Jersey and New York in the past and wasn't that impressed. It was my first time, so we went.I ordered a cheeseburger (2 patties) with american cheese, jalepenos, green peppers, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, ketchup, and maybe more. Forgot already. Anyways, it was delicious and I loved it. Every bite was an adventure.Kalila ordered a little cheeseburger with mayo, lettuce, mushrooms and A1 steak sauce. They forgot her A1. That definitely didn't help her opinion of the place. She was still unimpressed with her burger. She won't stop telling me about how amazing Shake Shack in NYC is. She compares EVERY burger to them. We agree that the employee who took our order was very nice. She offered us a side of cajun powder so that we didn't have to order both regular and cajun fries.Five Guys offer free peanuts and they have futuristic soda machines. Once you select a drink, such as lemonade, it changes to the different kinds of lemonade to choose from! We thought we'd get lemonade and then all of a sudden we got strawberry lemonade! It was a nice surprise.
4	Have been there twice so far and am very satisfied with their burgers. The service is friendly and quick. And considering the fact that many places charge extra for the fixin's on your burger, it makes me very happy that all of their fixin's are free. And they aren't stingy with them either.It's not a Holstein's or a Shake Shack, but for the price it's definitely a satisfying burger experience.
3	Its 11:15 am and First things first...SHUT THE HECK UP EMPLOYEES!!! The burgers, fries, and even the hot dogs are delicious! The prices are reasonable. I actually left with a headache and could barely hold a conversation with my eating crew. Everyone in the place had to talk loud to be heard over the employees.. Seriously I have a headache!Still no milkshakes.. Boo on you
3	Wasnt as great as I thought it was. Friends made it seem like it was the most amazing burgers in the world. It wasn't BAD, but wasn't as great as I thought it would be.I got a bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, ketchup, and swiss mushrooms. There was no mushrooms, cant complain because they dont charge for extra condiments, but still got a little disappointed. The burgers weren't that great compared to what the price is. Id rather be eating in n out to be honest. The price is a bit too expensive for what they give. I would assume that the extra price is what makes up for the free toppings.First time going there and probably wont for awhile. $10 for a burger and a drink. That would equal ten mcdoubles, jus sayin. Typical burgers along with energetic employees and an amazing soda machine. 3 stars for an average place to eat.
2	All over, people are raving about Five Guys Burgers & Fries. My friend up in Washington says she loves them. On their website they show off everyone singing their praises.I must not get it.I've been wanting to try them for quite some time, and learned they now have a spot open on the Strip (not the touristy part everyone knows, but a little further past Mandalay Bay at the Premium Outlets South). As that is on the way to my gym, I decided to roll out early, stop at Five Guys, and work it off at Fight Capital.Walking in, you feel good about the place. It's kinda diner-y, simple... tables, chairs, and a team of employees hurriedly working on food in the kitchen. Kinda In-N-Out-esque. REALLY In-N-Out-esque. Like, you wonder if you walked into an In-N-Out instead of Five Guys. There was only one person ahead of me in line, and the cashier, Michelle, was quick and pleasant. I ordered a Bacon Burger, which if you leave it that way, is just that: bread, patty (actually two) and bacon. Anything else on it you have to make sure to specify, so I added my standard toppings -- lettuce, tomato, and BBQ sauce. An onion ring might have been a nice touch, but hey, I don't run the place. Didn't see mustard on the list... hmmmm... well, it's probably by the ketchup, because I didn't see that on the list either. I also ordered some Cajun fries and a drink.So, let's start with some of the good things here. First off, the employees are very efficient. One person barked orders at the other, everyone had their station, very assembly-line style, and I got my food quickly, which was great because I was famished. Secondly, the Coke machine is, without a doubt, very cool. It's one of those new Coke-brand stations with a touch screen. You touch the soda you want, then you choose regular or with flavored syrup, and POOF -- it's Cokeapalooza! I went with a cherry Coke Zero. Wise choice. On my second visit I noticed there was Diet Barq's (root beer with BITE!), but no cherry option, and I was really diggin' on the cherry Coke Zero, so I went back to that.The Cajun fries were some of the best I've had in a really long time. Zing-y, spicy, good with or without ketchup. Definitely was loving the fries.Definitely was NOT loving the burger. Sure, it was a nice surprise that the burgers came standard with two patties, but they were kinda dry and lifeless. Apparently standard setting for their burgers is well-done. Any cook or chef will tell you that overcooking ground beef will cook out the juice and flavor of the meat, and that's what happened here. Bacon was overcooked as well. And by "overcooked" I mean "burnt." Fortunately I had sauces to back me up, BBQ sauce and.....Oh yeah. That's another thing. There's no mustard in the entire restaurant. Let me repeat that: THERE WAS NO VISIBLE MUSTARD IN THE ENTIRE HAMBURGER JOINT. No pump, no packets, nothing. I looked on the Coke machine to see if they had it stashed on their touch-screen. I thought about asking, but that would require the only non-assembly-line employee to leave her cash register. Plus, I thought, I shouldn't have to ask for mustard in a friggin' burger joint.Final blow: Price. I ordered burgers, fries, and a drink, thinking, meh. $8. Should be okay with that. Oh no no, my friend. Everything is a la carte and you will order and take it up the wallet, my friend. By the time I had finished my order I was $11 in and there was no turning back. it felt as if the place was called "Five Guys" because you'd be paying the paychecks for five guys. Now, I would expect to pay $11, maybe more, at Holsteins or Burger Bar, where I would also not be looking for a "quick bite" and know I would get more (much more) bang for my buck (all eleven of them). This was not $11 quality. Nowhere close. Ironic, as I stared at the sign that said the Washingtonian or some other print media said in 2007 it was the "best bargain" around. Apparently in Washington you make a bazillion dollars an hour there. (Hmm... maybe The Gazillionaire is from Washington...)So yeah. A mediocre burger with overcooked patties and overcooked price points. And no mustard. The employees saved it from being a one-star review though.I probably won't be back here anytime in the near future; if I am it will be because someone dragged me there. I'll be the guy with only the Cajun fries, playing with the Coke machine.
4	The only reason it's not 5 stars is because of the price.This location is a lot less busy than the st. rose location.The hamburger they use is hand packed and delicious.  The bacon is awesome.Everyone loves to compare it against in-n-out so I will too.  The burger is just as good as in-n-out but you have the option of picking toppings.  Much more expensive than in-n-out though.  The real winner over in-n-out is the fries.  No shoestring gross crispy fries here.  Five Guys has fries that are actually thick enough to taste like fries and not just taste like vegetable oil.
5	This was probably the #1 or #2 burger on my top 5 burger list,,,,,mmm, holy shit it was damn good,  and the fries are like basque style .... so yeah go there!
5	Bacon Cheeseburger All the Way with an Orange Coke.  Forget the fries, they leave you less room for the 2nd burger and more Orange Coke.  I love the open kitchen style and the potato sacks that form a route to the cashier.
3	I only give the place a 3 star rating. Price is king these days and at $10 for a small drink fries and burger, I will take my hard earned money elswhere and not have an overly complex soda machine with touch screen spill liquid all over my hand. Cant comment on the fries because I only had a $10 on me and wanted some change back so I opted for the burger drink and peanuts. wont go back as there are many other more affordable options out there. Sorry guys two thumbs down, way down.
3	I dig the setup, the soda machines are totally awesome, and the free salted peanuts were a nice touch.  The burger itself wasn't a bad burger, but it wasn't the best burger I've ever had.    This burger is more akin to a homemade burger, nothing fancy, but it's a burger made correctly.  I only got the standard fixings, so next time I'll definitely add bacon since that was recommended to me for a second round.    The service was great and if you're eating in house, they even come around and ask how you're doing.  They even asked us if we wanted more fries on the house!  As much as we wanted to take the offer, we were stuffed.Just FYIThe regular burger comes with 2 patties so order a little burger if you're so inclined.Fries:  They give you a mountain and you definitely won't be disappointed with the amount.  The fries are decent as wellWould I go back?  I wouldn't bet the pastrami on it, but I'll give it another shot if I'm in an ear shot of a location.
4	Five Guy's has one delicious burger. A friend brought me to Five Guys after a day of boating at the lake. The nice juicy burger hit the spot. It was so delicious I went back the next day for more. It's a good thing i'm not allergic to peanuts because I enjoyed the side peanuts. Since it was my first time we opted for the little burger (all the way), Cajun fries, and a drink. By the time I had gotten to the burger I was stuffed from the drink, peanuts, and fries. Next time I'll probably opt out on the fries. The burger reminded me of an 'In n Out' burger on steroids. Now that i've had a taste of Five Guys I won't ever be going back to In n Out. Those peanuts do make for a messy floor but the staff is always on point with keeping the place clean. On a side note I love places that have the Coke soda machines with hundreds of different flavor options. My personal favorite is the Diet Vanilla Coke. My rating 4 stars only because my friend ordered the Cheeseburger (2 patty's) with mayo and ketchup only. and for $6.00. If you added the toppings I would see it being worth it.
3	First time I have gone to this place after passing the St. Rose location many times and seeing it way too crowded.  I love a good burger so wanted to give this place a try.  I am giving it 3 stars for two specific reasons but I will give my review first.The burger itself was pretty good but I still prefer In N Out and even Smashburger.  French Fries were good but nothing spectacular.  The soda machine was totally awesome and I love all the options.  It's also funny watching people try to figure it out.  The customer service was very friendly and they seem trained to be so.The place is good, not great, and worth a try.  The reason for 3 stars and not more is because of the price and the food not being anything note-worthy.  A friend and I went together, two burgers, two fries, two sodas and it was $22.  The prices are a little crazy.  And while the food is certainly good and I have no complaints about it, it wasn't anything to write home about.  I would give 3.5 stars if I could.
5	This is our burger joint!  I love this place.  The hamburgers are the closest to a home made burger.  This place is not some fancy hamburger kobe beef kind of place.  This is a good old fashion hamburger.  This isn't your secret menu, I have to eat there or I am going to die kind of hamburger place.  This is also not your Oh my, I just spent $12 on a hamburger because I wanted some toppings on it place.  Five guys doesn't think they need to charge for all the fixin' so they through it in for free.  Also the fries, oh the fries!  We order the regular and they throw in a big pile of fries in the bag.  Since this restaurant moved into town.  I can't really enjoy a burger anywhere else. Cheers!
3	Agreed- the price is whack esp if you just want a plain ol' cheeseburger. What about the kids? ..It's only awesome if you load it up with the "free" toppings which includes: mushrooms, peppers, onions, relish, etc. I found the burger to be heavy with a soggy bun. I would only return for some cajun fries...which is nicely put in a paper cup then in the bag where more fries are dumped. Other than the food, the service was GREAT.
4	Hmmm a burger joint with fresh ingredients, made to order, and free peanuts, Sign me up!After a hard day of outlet mall shopping, mom and I were getting a case of the hungers. She hasn't been to a five guys before so it was time to introduce her to deliciousness. When you walk in you see where the potato's are from, like which farm. When you walk up to the counter it is laid out pretty easy. You have your choice of hamburger or double meat hamburger and a whole list of toppings. Cheese, bacon, bbq sauce, mustard, jalapeno's, its made however you want it.Now the frie's are my favorite part. While im not a fan of the cajun fry's, i do love the regular fry's. Even better is that a regular order will feed 2 people. They just toss your burgers in a bag and shove it full of fry's. The coke machine was mom's favorite part, It is a touchscreen that allows you to choose from about 50 some off soda combinations. Cherry coke, Lime Dr Pepper, just image having that as a kid the flavors of our suicides would of been!
5	These burgers are absolutely amazing!  So many toppings to choose from (and no extra charge for them!!).  The fries (the small ones) are big enough to feed a small family of 12.
5	I don't care what anyone says these are the best burgers in Vegas, followed by smash burger, then in-n-out. If you haven't been there you need to try it out. be careful of ordering a regular burger because the regular burgers come with 2 big double patties. You can also order online and have the food ready when you arrive.
5	I have say that I really like 5 Guys Burgers.  I originally liked In-out burger as I lived in California for 5 years.  Then moved to South Jersey for the last 6 years.I recently tried in-out burger it is not as good as 5 Guys.  The burgers are better and fries as well.
4	So after a long drive to Hoover Dam and stopping in for some gambling at the M Resort, we decided to do some shopping at the Las Vegas Outlets South.  We were also hungry and burgers sounded good.  I didn't want to eat at McDonald's or Wendy's or Burger King or any other chain that I can get anytime in Hawaii...I wanted to eat something different.  So when we saw the Five Guys Burgers located by the road next to the outlets, we decided to give them a try.Overall, I'd rate the burgers as excellent and the fries as well.  The burger itself was excellent and cooked to perfection.  What I also liked was the fact that they include the toppings for free(except bacon, which you have to pay for)...so if you want mushrooms...no problem...onions...no problem...jalapenos...no problem.  As an added bonus you can munch on free peanuts while you wait...it's serve yourself style...so scoop a bunch if you wish.  The peanuts are actually quite good.Now for Hawaii people....Naw...it's not as good as Teddy's.  I still rate them higher.
5	Great burgers and great service. I'm still not a big fan of the fries, they are either soggy or overlooked (if I ask for crispy). The service and friendliness in this store are over the top on this visit.
3	I visited Five guys recently for the first time and I can see why they have opened so many locations in such a short period of time.  Their menu is pretty basic, hamburgers and dogs and lots of free toppings to choose from. I had a double bacon cheeseburger with bbq sauce and onions.  The burger itself is nice and juicy and tasty, but I can't get past the cheese. It just tasted weird, like I dunno, it didn't belong with it. In N Out still has my vote on a better burger.  One thing 5 guys does do better though is their fries. They are oh so good and well seasoned. Definitely better then any other burger place in my opinion.  Their drink machine is off the wall. I was taking my order to go so didn't get one but I couldn't resist checking out all the different options you can make up with anything from water to soda to powerade.  Also while you wait they have peanuts you can munch on. So for the burger with the weird cheese I give 3 stars because for the price I think a key ingredient like that should be of better quality.
5	Five Guys Burgers and Fries is one of the best burger joints in Las Vegas. There food is quality and always fresh! The french fries are great and they fill the bottom of the bag with them. Great service and fresh tasty food. They are a little pricey but the food is quality, So I guess you get what you pay for.
4	If your into burgers, 5 guys is def worth checking out.I probably drove by this place a million times but finally decided to check it out after a movie night at Town Square. Walking in, I noticed two things: this place is WHITE, and there are peanuts everywhere. The whole place looks like it was bleached up and down. The floors, walls, everything is white. It has a nice clean look, and there are giant bags of peanuts all over the place.The menu itself isn't very large but it does offer vegetarian and chicken options if your not feeling beef. The burgers are highly customizable with tons of condiments and add ons. I did notice that the bacon is a very crispy. I am not sure what they do to it but thank god its not soggy. On top of that they give you a ton of fries, and i mean a ton. A small order could easily feed 3 people. However, I think their fries are way too soggy, I mean I am happy they are fresh and all but really, they are soggy and oily which is one of the reasons they don't get a full 5 stars. However, the thing i gets me excited is their soda machine. This thing is huge, has a touchscreen, and dispenses all different kinds of sodas mmmmm. They probably have syrup packs and all but still, mango flavored fresca is awesome! I am sure that if you have been to one 5 guys you have been to them all, but I think this place is def worth checking out.
4	probably my favorite burger place, reminds me of long island.
4	I've been dying to go to this place!  As a first-timer, I was definitely not disappointed!!  I do have to admit that I'm a burger fanatic and haven't come across too many burgers I wasn't at least mildly enthusiastic about, but despite that, I do think there's something special about Five Guys.It wasn't busy at all when we got there, which surprised me a little since I've heard this place being compared to In N Out so often (and In N Out is ALWAYS a zoo!), but then again, it was almost closing time.  It took a few seconds to acquaint myself with the menu, but once I took a look at all the toppings available, I was pretty darn excited!  Grilled onions AND mushrooms?!  Yes, please!I had the hamburger and sinfully opted not to get fries (this is pretty much an anomaly in my world, but I was feeling a little off that day), so sadly, I can't comment on their probable deliciousness.  I'm pretty sure I'd be more than ok with just one patty, but it comes with two.  Every single bite of it was fresh and oh so very yummy.While I do understand the general public's constant comparison of Five Guys to In N Out, I choose to stray from adding to the rivalry.  The only thing I found similar between the two is the interior decor looked a bit familiar..red and white tile and what not.  And yes, they're both atypical burger joints with a simplistic menu...(Oh good gosh...look at me!!  I AM comparing them!  LOL), but, to me, they each stand tall in their own right.  Their price points aren't the same...my Five Guys burger was in the $5 range, while I usually spend $2 for an In N Out burger...a Double Double (since we're talking two patties at Five Guys) $3-4...I guess I'm playing both sides of the burger fence here, but being a California girl raised on those little red In N Out palm trees, I didn't feel like I was cheating on them with Five Guys.  I have a new friend in Five Guys and still maintain my loyalty to In N Out...it's like dual citizenship...And an afterthought...I'm very easily amused so that Super-duper soda machine totally made my night!
4	Many choices for toppings with a monster serving of fries. 3 of us shared a large order of fries. So delicious and full. If you're in the mood for a delicious, juicy, filling burger, make your way over to five guys. You won't be disappointed. Also, get your full of free peanuts and toss the shells on the floor. Oh and they have the cool new coke soda machines with the billion choices. I love that thing!!!
3	I don't try new hamburger stands, I guess the reason why, is I feel out of place. Everyone is so busy here, I wouldn't have known the peanuts were free, or what was expected when you place an order. The person talking the order was perturbed by my ignorance, and was willing to express it. The food was good, but very greasy and I loved the fries. The price was a little more than it was worth. The price four cheese burgers and 3 fries, no drinks was $34.85. It is better to eat everything there, the food gets cold if you have to travel and distance at all.
5	If you like burgers and had one of these yet stop waiting best burger I ever had hands down. Way more fries than I can eat. The drink machine is the bomb
4	Their menu is very simple. Pick your burger, hot dog, or sandwich. Then you can pick as many free toppings you want on your selected item. Technically it's not free since you gotta pay for your selection. But then again, you don't pay extra if you decide to have them put ALL the toppings in your burger. This is where I have to actually stop and think about the value of my choice. Yes I actually had them put ALL the toppings on my burger. This is good or bad depending on how you look at it. GOOD: Definitely got value for my money. Filled me up. You get to taste how every single topping is put together and based on that, you get to experiment how certain toppings can blend better than others. BAD: Very messy. As soon as you take that first bite, you may have some or all toppings come falling out (to me, a messy burger is a good sign of enough ingredients to keep your tastebuds on your toes). Obviously I wouldn't recommend you eating this in your car even if you are parked. You might get heartburn if you have a weak stomach. Now as for the pricing, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with everything. It cost about 6 dollars and some change. Not bad. Of course you gotta have some of their fries and a drink to wash it down with. So total for my whole meal was about 13 something. Definitely just a tad more than In n Out which for some reason is the other burger joint that everybody is comparing it to. Their fries alone are pretty tasty. Pretty greasy but good. I have yet to see fries that are baked or grilled taste any better. Now if you do get the fries, they have two sizes. Small and large. The small in itself is a nice size so if you wanna share that you can't go wrong. What I don't understand is why anyone would not order their fries cajun. The fries are already good by themselves but damn, having them sprinkle the cajun spices on your fries is like putting ice cream and hot fudge on a brownie. It's that much better! I'm sure you have heard the term, "Put a little spice in your life". Well, the cajun fries are just that! Their coke machine is not just any soda machine. It's what every fast food restaurant should have! So many choices of beverages and even some you never heard of! I think after this review I will contact the Coke company and demand this as the norm for every fast food joint they are in. Oh, did I mention the free peanuts you can eat while you are waiting for your order? I guess if you really wanna be stingy, you can just order a burger and ask a cup for water. Then fill up on the peanuts! I have actually seen somebody do this so if you wanna save money than by all means!So overall, with their good service you will have a pretty good experience. Just be prepared to spend a little more than you're used to especially if you are feeding a family of 4 or more. For more info especially for a list of all the toppings you can have, go to their website, www.fiveguys.comHappy eating!
4	This place gives you FREE peanuts!!! haha. It's kinda weird coming from a burger joint, but i'm not picky. For either burger, hotdog, or sandwich.. You get to pick what you want and take off what you hate. Plenty of toppings to choose from and they are actually fresh produce too. Either than lettuce and tomatoes, you can choose grilled mushrooms, jalapenos, grilled onions, and A1 sauce. Who does A1 sauce? 5 guys does :-{D. They french fries come in big portions and can feed 2-3 people, but the large can feed up to 3-5! Huge. It is kinda pricey but the quality is delicious. They also have the cool soda machine too where it looks like its from the future and it add extra flavor do any drink you want. Like vanilla, cherry, orange, raspberry, ect. Just try it.
4	Excellent!This particular Five Guys is very well managed.  The employees are the best I've seen in a fast food restaurant.Also, it's the first time we've seen the new Soda Machines where you can fine tune your soda.  Diet Cock Raspberry/Vanilla for me!!  Sweet!!The burgers are the best.  Always eat "In" at a Five Guys.  When you take the fries home they cool off and get nasty.  Eat the Fries Hot!!Burgers were wonderful as always.  Never had a bad Five Guys burger.  Never.Try the hot sauce sometime on your burger.  It's more like spicy ketchup.  It's not that hot either.  Just spicy.Try dipping your fries in the Malt Vinegar they offer.  It's a unique taste and something different that ketchup.We went early on a Saturday morning (11:30) and it had just started to get busy.  We didn't have to wait very long to be knee deep in fries and burgers.Pure Heaven!!
4	$ 18 1 patty bacon cheese2 patty bacon cheese1 fries1 sodathin patties (a little thicker than mcdonalds patties)chopped white onion (i like sliced thin red)bread was falling apart cheese is like kraft american cheese ( i like sharp cheddar)fries are huge portion. & the skins left on. they were really really good.thick, not shoestring. not too greasy.will not be returning.i'd rather make my own burgers.
4	I'm from the east coast but for the longest time, have heard of this place and not ventured in to try a burger until yesterday.First thing I enjoyed were the complementary salted roasted peanuts. This was good because it's great for people that are hungry and cannot wait to be served.My friends went during the evening after 5pm and there wasn't much of a wait to order. To pretty much sum up why this place is awesome:No wait in lineEstablishment was cleanExtra toppings for freeTwo of those high tech fancy coke product dispensers that pours 10-15 different types of beverages.Good location off the Las Vegas Blvd for those on the south end of the strip.This place is up there with In N Out Burger and is less of a wait.
4	This place has controversially and quietly been on the rise amongst burger joints. The only way for me to confirm with its credibility was to give it a try and so I did.I got the mini cheeseburger with green peppers, jalapeno, grilled onions, lettuce, tomato, and etc. Just because this burger is named mini does not mean the burger itself is mini. The difference between the mini burgers and the normal menu-named burgers is the amount of patties. In the mini, there is one patty while for the normal "burger" there is two patties. What I like about this burger is that I get to specify what I want in it and it's a very vintage old school style of burger which I like. It's not manufactured with cheap preservatives like McDonald's or Burger King but the ingredients for 5guys is a lot more fresh. However, I wouldn't particularly claim anything special about this burger. They are tasty and good, but nothing that special.The fries on the other hand were amazing. We ordered the smallest one and it was huge! It came in medium sized cup but the catch about this is that after they place the fries in the bag, they scoop up like 2 spoon-full of fries and just throw it in with the bag. The more the merrier, especially if you're like me who fantasizes about fries all the time. The fries not only come in large quantity but they are great in quality. You have the option to have either normal or cajun fries. I got the cajun, and you should too!Overall, a great experience and it met the hyped expectations that everyone has raved about. But I would go as far as saying that Five Guys is a bit overrated. In short, no it's not better than In'n Out, but it is definitely worth trying, especially for a change here and then.PS. They also give you free peanuts o.O
4	I really enjoy the burgers and fries from Five Guys! Fast service, food cooked well, love the drink machine! I'm not a big fan of the Cajun seasoning for the fries....they use too much. If they would do a light dusting then it would be perfect. It's really hard to compare them to In-N-Out because they do their own thing and I dress up my burger different from what is offered at I-N-O...Good stuff, highly recommended.
4	Damn! Another cool little burger joint has been found.  As I've said before, I love a good burger. And Five Guys make a good little burger.The place is very clean and simple.  I like that! The menu is about as simple as it gets. Damn near looks like a menu from the 50s; Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Bacon Hamburger, Bacon Cheeseburger, Hot Dog, that's about it, really!You get an exceptional selection of toppings, but nothing over the top. Alongside the norm, you can get grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, green peppers, and a kick as hot sauce. Not too hot, but has some flavor to it!The burgers actually look like a burger, which means they are using fresh goundbeef (YES!), the patties don't look like they have been under an 5 ton press. It's big juicy burger patties. And if you order fries, you get a basket of fresh cut fries, check you bag, because over half your fries didn't fit in the cup they give you.  They're in the bag.Another novelty in the restaurant is the Coke machine, it has screen with what appears to be every Coke product made and you can mix n' match to make your very our drink flavor combo.Overall, the burgers are exactly good, the service is fast and friendly, and the prices are inexpensive.I'll be looking for a Five Guys near me in DFW.
3	There's so many burger places in Las Vegas it makes it hard to rate a chain burger joint higher.  Their burgers are good, but I seem to remember the fries being better than last time I had them.  Also, there was noticeable grease on the outside of my bag.  Which I know this meal is not healthy; however, if I don't see it perhaps it's like empty see-through calories?Their soda machine is pretty awesome!!!!  They have one of those choose your mixture of Coke with all the variations and buttons.It's located right in front of the Las Vegas Outlet Mall and there's a ton of options right there. Canes, Chipotle, Subway, Chilis, Panda Express, etc
5	Finally a burger place to replace that greasy burger joint we are all used to! Great tasting homemade burgers.  The fries are so fresh. Kids love this place because no one cares if they are talking to loud. Everyone seems happy to be there and you can order online to avoid a line! And yes there are free peanuts!
3	Five guys is def meant for you crazy carnivores that want gigantic portion - because that was precisely what they serve you! Huge portion- i swear i felt heart burn after i finished my burger..and I only ordered a simple grilled cheese. -A little burger is with one patty and a regular burger with bacon was going to be with two patty, can you imagine how much beef that is?!!?Anyways you are allowed to put as much toppings as you want on your burger to customize it and i guess thats the gimmick behind five guys ! oh and their cool soda machine and their serve yourself peanuts! vinegar on fries?! are you trying to kill America with Obesity!?
5	when i ate the burger i was like "dayumm! dayumm dayumm!!"
5	If you are looking for a great burger and fries joint then you have stumbled across the right place. Wow I can not explain on how great this place is. From there customer service to there food.We showed up just after the dinner rush and the place was a little slow but the atmosphere was awesome. We were greeted when we walked in the door by a nice lady who told us to help our self's to as much peanuts as you want!! Wait what peanuts you say yeah they have buckets of fresh peanuts along the line to get your food. All you can eat!!!As I made my way to the order area I was ready to just order by number but found out that is not the way here. They have a card on the front counter with a laundry list of items you can add on burger at no extra cost. Pick the type of burger you want and what you want on it. Being a little in shock and new to there ways the guy helped me thought the ordering process with a smile and was extremely helpful. I mean when do you go to a "fast food" place and they put what ever you want on your food! This is the true meaning to have it your way!My burger and fries were made fresh after I order it and was pretty fast too! They gave me a huge bag of fries that I couldn't even finish and that means a lot coming from me!! The burger was amazing it had that good ol home cooking flavor!The price was high for the meal but after eating it I felt that is was justified! I wish they were a little more competitive on the cost so I don't feel bad for spending 13 bucks on 1 meal!! You can't beat the service and food here. Best burger joint in Vegas! (as of now)
4	Great service here. At first you think you are in an Inn and Out Burger, same color scheme, menu is very similar, but these burgers are a distant second. Good, flavorful and cooked to order. Juicy with " you name it toppings" but they can't compare to Inn and Out.They offer free peanuts  while you wait and they actually post which ranch in Idaho the potatoes for the fries are from.  A word of caution, order the small fries, there are more than you'll ever be able to eat.Their soda machine has over 100 sodas...seriously, not just root beer but vanilla root beer.
4	I always order the same thing. Little bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, ketchup and mustard. It's absolutely delicious!!  I love love love the freedom coke fountain and want one in my home or Hawaii at least!! You can't go wrong with 7 different flavors of coke!!They note that the fries are award winning but I don't care for them. Definitely wouldn't order more than the small (they fill up a small cup AND the paper bag it comes in full of the stuff. Waaaayy too much in my opinion but good size for sharing.
5	My search for the best burger is over. For a burger that's under 10$. You cannot go wrong with five guys. I know I reviewed the one on West Craig Rd, but I came here recently. Only real difference; they have two coca cola machines instead of two. Obviously they are busier than the Craig Location. But this is as good as it gets. For a soda, a burger and a regular side of cajun style fries. They really do pile on the fries. All that for 12$. You cannot go wrong. I get a Cheeseburger, (two patties), lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, A-1 Steak sauce, and mayo. Im not sure if i never just noticed, but they're grilled mushrooms, come from a can. It kind of tasted rubbery to me, so i usually do not get em on my burger anymore. I know this is a franchise, but hands down, This is what a burger should taste like, I don't think I will ever get tired of this place!
5	So I went to the gym, and then to Samarai Sam's to get a healthy teriyaki bowl for lunch. Every time this happens, I see Five Guys and I use all my willpower to resist going there instead.  Well, I succeeded once again today and got my healthy teriyaki bowl and headed back to work.  Suddenly, without my having any clue as to how it happened, I found myself at the counter of Five Guys ordering a little bacon burger with mayo, lettuce, pickles, onions, ketchup, and mustard and an order of cajun fries.  WTF just happened?!?!  Burger magic?  Well, I decided to just go with it, seeing as to how it was too late to turn back.Just a tip if you've never been there before: a "LITTLE" burger is a normal sized burger.  If you order the regular, it will come with double patties.  Don't get me wrong, the more meat, the better, but it's a lot of food and you have to be prepared to be hit with something like that.  The Little versions are about 300 calories less.  You walk in and up to the counter and place your order.  Toppings are free, which is a huge plus!  Then they give you a number and you wait until they annoyingly scream your name or number out.  They have this amazing Coke machine that seriously looks like an arcade video game.  I don't drink soda so I didn't mess with it, but I did watch as a very elderly gentleman attempted to find a type of soda he wanted and quickly became frustrated and confused.   An employee cleaning tables nearby hurried over to help him.  Everyone here is so nice and chipper!  I love it!Best of all, the burgers are freakin amazing.  They are juicy, and just the right amount of greasy.  The cajun fries have a kick to them and they taste like heaven dipped in ranch.  This is one of my favorite burger spots in Las Vegas.  Guess I'm having teriyaki bowl for dinner.  :/
5	Love the service standards as well as the food.  This chain knows what they're doing when it comes to burgers.  As simple as it gets, choose your burger, choose your toppings, choose your size, regular/cajun fries, and choose your drink.  Sounds simple, but when you're indecisive like me and have all those options...it becomes a dilemma I love!  I love the topping choices, the regular/cajun fries choice and the best part...the soda choices.  I will go for five guys just for the drink choices alone. *When you order fries, there will be fries in your fry cup...and then some.
4	A great place to get a quick bite to eat.  This place provides great food at the right price.  You get a huge burger with anything you can image on it.  They all taste good.  Having the everything was the way to go with the jalapenos.  The small was one hamburger patty.  Definitely a place to visit again.  The roasted peanuts were great.
3	Just average. Nothing to write home about and a little pricey.
4	Burger wise... better than In and Out, Fatburger, and others.  But the fries are the very best in my opinion and I've tried nearly all fast food places.  These are the best.  The service at this location is fast and friendly.  If you haven't been to one of these places, you have to go.  At this location they have the NEW Coca Cola dispenser and it's cool.  Every imaginable flavor mixed right before your eyes.
5	Veggie burger was very tasty and all the toppings are FREE and so are the peanuts. Staff was extrememly friendly.
4	Great burgers at good prices.  Not my favorite burger in town, but one of my most favorite fast food chain burger spots.The "little" burgers are usually enough to fill me up, but if you have a larger appetite, their regular sizes are double patties.Everything is cooked fresh in an open kitchen, so the smells are great when you first walk in.Try their cajun fries if you like salty goodness.  They are really really salted and spiced (hot spicy), so I do a french fry shake or two to get most of it off before I eat it, but they are much better tasting than the reg fry.Also cool how they serve peanuts for all their guests...just a little bonus for coming here.  Give it a go :)
5	LOVE this restaurant!! The staff is so friendly and attentive.  I noticed as we were ordering if someone came in behind us, they quickly asked them for their order. I used to work in fast food and this is how I was trained-make no one wait!!! I love the soda pop machine!!! So cool!! THe peanuts keep my kids busy as we wait for our order and when we get our food-it's soooooo good. Top notch. Love it!!!! The restaurant is clean and I've seen workers out in the seating area attending to it, which is a plus as well! Attention to detail and great service, you can't beat it!!!! I love all the options for toppings you can get on your order too!!
5	best freakin burger ever!!best soda machine ever!!!a must eat!
1	Screwed up my order on multiple occasions, im def not going back anymore. The one on Eastern is way better!!
4	5 Guys Burgers and Fries cooks their hamburgers and fries in peanut oil.  The company is based in Virginia, and promotes Virginia agriculture.  The burgers are big, juicy and very tasty.  The fries are OK.  The soda machine is very cool - they are computer-controlled you can mix and match ALOT of different flavors.  Come with wipes, because they are messy!
4	For a fast food franchise, 5 Guys has some tasty juicy burgers. You can get it your way with toppings that suit you.I like the Little Cheeseburger with lettuce, mayo, ketchup, and grilled onions.If you're going to cheat, this is a good place to do that because you'll leave satisfied and knowing you did something bad but ohhhh soooo good!Oh and love the cool space aged drinking machine with every kind of soda plus they have my favorite green tea! Hi five to 5 Guys!
2	Here is the deal, in addition to the metal chairs screeching on the tile floor constantly, and the head banging extra loud music, the guys behind the counter are now pretending they are Dave from storage wars and calling out an annoying YUPPP every twenty seconds. Two locations in Vegas now, two yup callers, it has made what used to be a fun burger joint into a place that is so annoying and loud, you can hardly wait to get out of there. What happened to management? The food still killer, just wear ear plugs.
4	I come in this one night around 9 pm and there was just 2 diners, maybe they weren't that good. After placing my order in and checking in it got slammed. Stop stalking me!!! Haha.When you walk in you'll see all these sacks of potatoes and boxes of peanuts. Kind of thought wow this place was rugged. It kind of looked like shipments of supplies just came in and needed to be put it back.  They also have all these achievements they've had from other cities on the wall.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/five-guys-burgers-and-fries-las-vegas-2?select=zqBS99qeQ3rEdMgjoyUzCw#zqBS99qeQ3rEdMgjoyUzCw Cool I guess but it doesn't really impress me.  The restaurant was dressed in that typical red and white coloring and old dinner design like almost everyone, In-N-Out, Dairy Queen, Steak n Shake, etc. There's nothing wrong with the colors I like red that my color. There were a lot of tables to sit at and they were consistently cleaning so that was good.  There was a good soda dispensing machine and offered a cup for water to everyone that didn't order a drink.  They had ketchup dispensers and bottles of vinegar for your fries, stacks of napkins, large glass windows to look outside.Ok so down to the food. With all this stalling you'd think I was going to say something bad. Well Five Guys is ... A lot better than In-N-Out, for their burgers and fries. What they should really do is add what In-N-Out does with their fries, animal style, and there would be not even any competition. Far from gourmet but a real solid non-gourmet kind of burger. They are not inexpensive. It was $10+ for my burger and fries, no drink.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger all the way  w/ jalapeno peppers and A1 steak sauce which is a 2 patties bacon cheese burger with a bunch of good stuff that your gonna like.  Just look at my picture and try not to drool on the keyboard or phone screen. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/five-guys-burgers-and-fries-las-vegas-2?select=1tIXC5R7Q_U_GAo7KE8zVw#1tIXC5R7Q_U_GAo7KE8zVw Talk about money.  They should probably look into a better bun, it's messy when you eat it and I had to inhale it cause everything was spilling out.  Their fries are really good too.I like that you can order in advance and that you get free peanuts http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/five-guys-burgers-and-fries-las-vegas-2?select=XB3X7YSW24C_zf8aysxQTQ#XB3X7YSW24C_zf8aysxQTQ
5	So I am new to the Five Guys phenomenon and I am so excited to have seen the light!  My husband and I found this place when we were trying to decide what to have for lunch one day.  We had heard people talk about it, but hadn't been by one when we wanted to eat.  I'm so glad we finally found one at lunch time though!First let me tell you that I am a burger lover.  I am always trying to find great burgers wherever i  am.  When I was in Kenya a couple of years back, I almost died because there weren't burger places in the Safari-lands.  I went 3 weeks without a burger and almost died, I swear!  So whenever I find a great burger joint, it makes my day and I love to spread the word.So we walked into the store and all you can smell is wonderful, meaty goodness.  I knew I mind was about to be blown and boy was it!  We walked up to order and that is when I saw the wall of options you can get on your burger for no extra charge.  You can go simple or crazy and everything is the same price.  I love condiments, so I was really happy with the extra options like A1, BBQ, and hot sauce.  Life needs spice, so might as well add it to the burger, huh?We waited a few minutes for our burgers and that is when I saw the Coca-Cola machine of my dreams.  So many options to customize your drink.  I love soda, almost as much as burgers, so I was in heaven.  It was almost overwhelming to have so many options.  I was just happy that I was able to try out several different soda combinations during our visit.  I think I drank my entire month's allotment of soda during this one visit, but it was worth it baby!And then the fun began because our burgers were ready.  The first bite of my delicious burger made me see stars, in a good way.  I even chewed slowly to make the moment last longer.  I had juices and sauces all over my face and running down my hands, but I was in love.  Sorry hubby, the burger may have bumped ahead of you on my love meter!Now every burger needs some fries and the fires here do the job well!  They do a cute thing here by posting where the potatoes that your fries are made out of were grown.  It is fun to know such a little detail.  My fries came from Boise, ID, in case you were wondering.  We each got an order of the Five Guys Style and the Cajun flavor and loved both of them, but we only needed one order between the 2 of us.  I think one order would feed a small family, so keep that in mind when you order your fries.  They were great fries though.  You can tell that they are fresh cut and fried right away.  They were yummy and delightful.Another thing I really liked was that they label each burger.  It is nice just to look for your burger # on the top of the burger, than having to open each lovely present to check and see if it is yours or not.  Great idea Five Guys!So yes, I have a new burger place for when I am on the go.  I am lucky that one isn't too too close, otherwise I might end up being 500lbs.  If you haven't tried Five Guys, go do it now!
4	In honor of National Hamburger Day I thought I might take a moment to pay homage to one of my favorite (top two) fast food hamburger establishments, Five Guys.   If you haven't tried a burger from them you must, it is imperative you follow my recommendation.  Otherwise you quite possibly are depriving yourself of one of the greatest fast food experiences of your life (unless you are vegetarian of course!).  Having moved here from Virginia where the OfG's (original Five Guys) originated it was quite depressing not having the little cheeseburger available here until about a year ago.  I tried the whole west coast In-N-Out thing and although close, just didn't do it for me.  Finally, being an avid follower on Facebook and seeing the franchise expand to places like Pittsfield, MA , Casper, WY and even Canada (eh) my taste bud prayers were answered and now we have five locations here in town.  Let me share with you some fun facts about Five Guys:*There are 250,000 possible ways to order a burger (although we all know I only order it one way-plain!)* If you are in the mood for a Grape Fanta, Sprite and Orange Coke concoction all locations have a Coca-Cola Freestyle machine.  If I hadn't given up the coke I would be all over that.* Everything is made fresh here.. they don't even have a freezer!* If you are daring enough to order your burger "all the way" it is similar to the animal style but has mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, mushrooms, ketchup and mustard.. all for no additional charge!  It doesn't stop there though as they also offer such toppings as jalapenos, barbeque sauce, and green peppers... why anyone would want green peppers on such a delicious burger is boggling but to each their own.  The food is super fresh and in fact there is a nice little notice advising you where the bags of potatoes for your fries have come from.   Speaking of the fries, if there was a negative about this place is would be that their fries are not my style.  I think they are too fresh and healthy for me but I still throw a few on my burger for texture purposes.  Even so you get more than enough for two people to share when ordering the regular size.I interrupt this review for an important message.  If you are one of the 3.3 million Americans who suffer from peanut allergies, please do not enter Five Guys as not only are the fries cooked in peanut oil but they have bins and bins of complimentary peanuts for you to snack on while you wait.  It is an allergy attack waiting to happen!With all that being said I think you should give them a try.  It is a little pricier than your usual fast food restaurants you may patronize but worth it.  And with that Yelp Nation in honor of NHD I leave you with this famous quote "I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today." Wimpy J. WellingtonPS- Mark your calendars National French Fry Day and National Hot Dog day are both coming up in July!
3	This is the first time I have been to a Five Guys restaurant. I guess I expected more after reading all the excellent reviews. It was hard to order because everyone except the girl at the register was yelling. Thinking back now, she is probably the only one who should have been yelling! We took our order to go because it was a little too loud for our taste. The burgers tasted good but really not worthy the prices they charged. The fries were a little soggy and expensive. $25.00 for two average size burgers and two fries was a little high for a fast food place. I really hoped the taste and value would be better or equal to In and Out Burger!
4	I'm gonna say it right now, I prefer this place over In-and-Out.I'll get the one negative out of the way, I wish they did curly fries but they instead aim to provide fresh cut French fries (which I also hoped were thinner). I also wish I got to try their Cajun fries but was outvoted.Their burger menu, although small, has the essentials. You can get plain, cheese, bacon, a combination of the above or even a veggie burger (which is full of veggies and not a fake meat patty). You can also choose to FREELY add fillers to your burger with standard stuff like lettuce, tomatoes, to more unique things like hot sauce and mushrooms.They have a wide range of portion sizes to choose from and even the smallest sizes make a good meal if you're on the go and don't want to be weighed down by your stomach.They also have a huge bag of free (dry roasted?) peanuts for patrons to snack on while they wait for their meals.Service, especially for a fast food joint, was excellent. Everyone was friendly and hustled for the customer and that includes the table cleaning staff.4 stars, thoroughly impressed by food and restaurant overall. Most likely would give the full five stars if they had curly fries or if I got to try their Cajun fries.
4	Good service and decent food. If you're familiar with In N Out burgers, this is more of the same, but with Cajun seasoning on the fries if you'd like. Had 5 burgers and three large cups of fries (one with Cajun seasoning). Very basic and simple set-up. You are served in paper bags and there are free peanuts lying around the restaurant that you may scoop and bring with you. No frills, just quality food at about 5 bucks a burger and 3 bucks for large fries. Would recommend if you want better than burger-chain burgers, but not gourmet by any stretch.
5	I am never disappointed with 5 Guys.  Burgers are fresh and made to order.  Fries are great with either seasoning.
5	Their Cajun fries are amazing! And their burgers are huge.  Yum!! I recommend the small size burgers unless you want a monster! Well to me anyway. The staff here provides excellent service too!!
5	It was my 1st time here and I absolutely loved it! I ordered the cheese burger and the Cajun fries. OMG.. I took a bite of the burger and it just melted in my mouth. It was that Delish! As for the Cajun fries, the potatoes were sooooo fresh! The seasoning wasn't over powering at all. I might go back today for dinner.. Woohoo!!!!
4	This place is awesome, but more costly than most burger joints.  Everything tastes fresh and the staff is wonderful.  Be prepared to pay more than expected...O well!
3	I gotta say the burger was super yummy... fries not so much!
5	I've been an In-N-Out guy for many years, but i've gotta say that I absolutely love these burgers. You have the option to add A1 steak sauce, BBQ, and grilled Mushrooms to any of the burger options; That right there is reason enough to love this place. The drinking fountain is also top tier, offering over 100 different drinking options. The fries are ok, but not bad enough for me to drop it to a 4 star. Overall Five guys is a fantastic place to get your burger fix.
5	The best burger ive had out side the strip. Makes in out look like a step child. free peanuts also. fries are bomb also the way they cook onion n mushrooms were good. patty was very flavor full. wait was a breeze and serves were very polite and nice !!
5	Bad a$$!!! One of the best burgers I've choked down in a long time!! It is a little pricier than your regular Gag in the Bag type place, but well worth it! Also like the free peanuts while waiting!
5	Delicious cheeseburgers and excellent fries. What else can be said? Five stars all the way.
5	I also used to live minutes from the original Five Guys in VA and I also agree that NOTHING has changed. The consistency of this chain is incredible, especially for a fast food place that does everything naturally. Natural beef, veggies, even the fries are cooked in peanut oil. Hence all the free peanuts! And all the "YUPP's" every twenty minutes... Have you ever been to a McDonald's or BK that the employees were EXCITED about their job? Yeah, didn't think so. Not only is their customer service impeccable, it's an art. I've never seen anyone not smiling. And if you think this place or any other location deserves less than 4 stars, go back to McDonald's or BK because apparently you can't taste the difference and if you're really trying to save those 3 extra bucks, you probably should.Every time I take a bite of these burgers, it reminds me of my first one ever. And for that, Five Guys, I thank you. I WILL be back. You're the reason I can't be a vegetarian. Haha! YOU ROCK!
4	The service was really great. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I've only eaten here a few times, but the food is pretty good. Fries are tasty (highly recommend getting them with cajun style) But the burger I had today was out of this world, delicious. I don't know if they are always this good or if I was really hungry, but I was seriously impressed. The cheese was in between two patty's. Genius. Maybe I only ordered the Little Cheeseburger before? I'm not sure, but I'm definitely going back to do some more research on this tasty burger. Peanuts all over the place isn't really my thing, but a nice gesture if you are starving while you wait. The staff was so sincerely nice that I feel like it deserves mentioning twice. I do think this place is a little pricey, when you can get In n out for much cheaper, but sometimes paying a little more is worth it.
2	BOTTOM LINE SAVE YOUR $$$I'd been hearing about Five Guys for awhile...how amazing it is supposedly. I am a die hard In-N-Out (INO) girl esp. bc  I worked there for 5 yrs. But, I'm always open-minded to new, great, high quality food. Unfortunately, in the end all I got was an extremely OVERPRICED, average burger and fries. I ordered their "Little Bacon Cheeseburger", w/ grilled onions, comparable to an INO Double-Double. My meal was $12.50, twice the price of INO, without being twice as tasty. They couldn't even grill onions properly...they gave me translucent, "hot chopped" onions instead of the sweet, brown, caramelized grilled onions I know and love. Yes, they offer bacon, but when you have delicious, high quality products, you don't need tons of extras. It reminded me of Wendy's honestly. Sadly, the beverage station was the highlight of my visit, with flavors not usually found in fountains like 5 flavors of Mellow Yellow or Vanilla Root Beer.
4	Haven't been to 5 guys since i lived in south Tampa and this location did not disappoint.  Food was great, fries fresh and hot and the service was excellent. One thing i did notice also is they keep this location way cleaner then the locations in florida.  Free shell on nuts while you wait for your food can cause quite a mess and people don't care when they are waiting, tended to leave large messes on the floors in tampa but here one of the associates was on it the whole time even while they were busy.  Drink machines where pretty cool with the touch screen feature. Sweet tea tasted fresh and changed out. Very happy with my experience here and the memories it brought back.
3	Five Guys was on my "got to try" list so I stopped in while in Vegas recently.  The burgers were good, better than your normal chain restaurants in town but I would stop short of saying they are "exceptional".  I do give the staff five stars for being extremely friendly and energetic but the food is only slightly better than average.
3	I arrived before noon, this location is near by the McCarran Car Rental Terminal which was convenient before catching a flight home. I went with a regular hamburger which has two patties and loaded it up with just about everything. I added an order of regular fries and a beverage and the tab came out to over $12.00 which I thought was pricey.  The meal was just okay and to be quite honest the meat was flat tasting and messy to eat. The fries were just average - i should have went with the Cajun fries. I've dined at other Five Guys locations but the food here was nothing special was quite boring.Would I return - probably not to this location.
4	This place is pretty good. Real genuine burgers. Not that fake sh*t from the typical burger places like mcds, jacks etc. you also get a lot of fries. Menu isn't big, no shakes. But over all a good place. Great staff too
4	Good food but I think it's over rated. I've had better food but I think it's because hey give you a massive amount of fries and that gets around to friend. Make sure you order a small for two people to share.
4	I love Five Guys Burgers - if you've never had it, definitely try it! The only reason it is getting 4 stars is because I've had it in Chicago and it was so much better there. I don't know what the difference was. Also - they didn't tell me that it was a double cheeseburger - I only like a single patty and mine came with two. Otherwise, still pretty delicious! Beware the fries, though. The smallest order can easily be split between two people!!!
5	If your in the mood for some fast food, or its your cheat day for your diet and you want a burger, do yourself a favor and skip those other fast food joints and head to five guys! Hands down the best quality burger when it comes to fast food and I haven't even mentioned to fresh cut fries. With a great staff and clean restaurant five guys earns the prize. 5stars
5	Really i must say what is there not to love about this place. My wife and I just moved here and when we went in we were trying to figure out what we wanted. the guy asked us if this was our first time there? we said yes and he went out of his way to help us and tell us about everything! this place has it all i think this is the best service we have ever EVER! had and the food is so good! in our first week in Vages we eat there 3 times lol and still want more! Rock on Guys!
4	I dig five guys because of the quick service, great burgers, and tasty fries. I ordered a small, but I somehow received enough fries to feed five people, which I'm not complaining about.  I ate it all.  As for the burger, apparently a regular is double patty goodness, and this fat chick scarfed every bite down.  I love that the toppings are free, so I grabbed some onion, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and relish on mine.  Divine.This place isn't crowded before 1pm, so grab one for breakfast when they open at 11.
5	Best fast food burger!Great service!Cajun fries are really good!  The fry portions are huge!
4	OK, I came here two weeks ago as the kids were with their friends at raising canes.  So, I had waited for them and wanted a burger......a. Holy peanuts Batman - They have tons of sacks of salted peanuts and paper dishes you can pack up with tons of these.  Eat them, spill them, snack on them while your custom made burger comes out and it is truly a cool experience!b,  The ordering - I find it a bit challenging due to the very lengthy list of extras and things you can put on the burger.  I was tempted to have many things and so you get it, but it does make eating your burger very difficult unless you have a very large orifice!  Watch it!!!c.  The noise - Man is this place noisy.  The food order takers and the kitchen people are all yelling out the orders an processing your order.  It takes a bit to get used to, but besides the noise, the good thing is that you can hear your order getting done.....d.  The Freakin Fries - ORDER ONLY A SMALL - and you will be luck you don't get a lunch bag size container full of overflowing fries.... What a great value and especially if you are on that high carb lo protein diet that is working out for so many of us!!!  This is like the best deal in the nation.e.  The soda - Five Guys, home of the wonderful coke machine that is like that Star Trek TOS Food Replicator.  You can have so many flavors of your favorite coke, and then add any liquid add in like lime, cherry, lemon and you have a great tasting soda!f.  The taste - Nice burger, they cook it to one temp.  If you leave the burger in its wrapping too long, it will get soggy and your burger falls apart as you touch it.  Price wise, not bad, a decent value overall.  I like the experience and will come back.
5	Started out with Cheese Burger and Fries and after I ate the first burger I had order another it was good, I couldn't stop, I got a third burger!   BAM those Burgers were awesome!
5	This was my husbands first visit to Five Guys and he's a big fan of In-N-Out so I wanted to see what he thought. Their burgers are flavorful and they allow you to add as many topping as you want for free. According to my husband there (cajun) fries "are the best ever!" We will definitely be back to Five Guys.
5	Love this place!!! Always delicious and fast service! Split the Cajun fries between two people and go crazy mixing different soda flavors together.
3	It was my first time at a Five Guys and I think the hype has me disappointed. Burgers were good, fries were soggy and no kids meals or milk shakes?  What kind of burger joint doesn't have milk shakes?I liked the fries and burger toppings better than In & Out, but without milk shakes I will stick to In & Out.
4	I love their burgers and its really taste yummy in my tummy.
4	Every time I pass by this Five Guys location, I can just smell the burgers and it taunts me. This time around, when I entered Five Guys, their music wasn't blaring loud like it has been the last couple of times I've been here. I ordered a cheeseburger with two patties and regular fries. The cashier kept asking if I really wanted regular fries (because there's quite a bit of fries attached to it) and warned me how many fries were in regular fries, but I wanted it. I knew I wasn't going to finish the fries by myself, and I didn't, but I have someone else to give my leftovers to so I wasn't worried.My cheeseburger and fries were delicious. Greasy, but delicious. My only issue is that, since I took my order to go, my burger was covered by my fries so I had to dig in to grab it and that meant my hand was covered in grease. If my burger had been in one bag while the fries were in the other, that would have been great. Also, by the time I got home, the grease soaked through the bag and got everywhere. Still, the way the food tastes is worth it. Next time, I just gotta ask for two bags or the fries double bagged.
2	I paid 20 Dollars for 2reg burgers 1Fry 1 drink. Though the staff was helpful and nice, My burger lacked thejuicy FlavorFi1 patty I had hoped For.
4	If I'm going "fat boy" for lunch and a burger is my weapon of choice, it has to be Five Guys.  McDonald's, BK, Wendy's, In & Out, Smashburger just leave me wanting more.  If I'm throwing calories to the wind, Five Guys and Fries is my 1st choice.  I recommend not to dine alone because an order of fries can be daunting for even the hearty of appetites.
5	Not the cheapest, just the best. Seriously. I get "the works", they load my scrumptious plump burger with Erryting - A1 sauce, sauteed onions, swiss cheese, erryting. I get a bacon burger. Their fries are east coast boardwalk awesome. Sprinkle some vinegar & salt. Heaven! Wanna great burger? Oh, and did I mention free peanuts? And the wicked coolest soda machine in the world with like a gazillion combinations of every type of soda? Yea, they have that, too.
2	I can't understand why my hubby likes this place so much. I think they're pricey, and their burgers are just alright; the fries are barely crispy. But, the service has always been friendly. I would prefer to stick to In -n-Out or even Carl's Jr. when I'm in the mood for a tasty burger meal.
4	Convenient location, right in the parking lot of the LV Premium Outlet south.  Traveling from Hawaii, most of us will do shopping along with the gambling fool thing.  We did a quick lunch break before heading back downtown.  The burger was excellent, little one being sufficient (1 patty) with added toppings to our preference (mushrooms, onions...).  The fries were excellent, they even list the area and farmer from which the potatoes originated.  Had some dry roasted peanuts while we waited, didn't know what that was about until we saw others scooping up and cracking open Mr. Peanut.  The soda machine was a kick, nothing like that in Hawaii.  Computerized to produce whatever combination you want.  We actually had to wait while it rebooted after maintenance.  Somebody in Hawaii has to ante up and get one of these babies.   I opted for Coke Zero with lemon while my daughter had Ginger Ale with orange.  Hard to say after only one visit but,.... better than In & Out?  Goinna' try Smashburger next, right down the row of fast food places in the same parking lot.
4	I always get the same thing and I'm never disappointed.  The burgers are made of tasty and delicious ground beef...not a beef product.  The Cajun Fries are plentiful (my husband and I share a small with leftovers) and very tasty.  The service is always wonderful.  Nothing bad to say about five guys or this location.
4	My first visit to a Five Guys ever.Was shopping at LV Premium Outlet and needed som lunch.Boy oh boy, a two patty, bacon and cheese and a load of regular fries - besided the Way they pack the stuff, burger in the bottom and alle the fries on top, I was in for a treat. The packing didn't bother me, but I would imagine that my wife, had she been there, would have thought it was stupid ;-)Great tasting pattys and everything was Nice and hot.The sodamachine, never seen a thing like it, had so many different choices and even subchoices to add a little extra flavor.
5	Five Guys is a gift from the gods!!! This is how I know the gods have not abandoned the human race. Nothing human could create such a masterpiece of cheese burger perfection. We should all be grateful and praise the gods daily that Five Guys exists and that we have the opportunity to experience daily a tiny bit of what heaven must feel like. The gods have spoken!
5	I tried burgers in so many countries, by far the five guys burgers rank at the top for me. I usually don't go for the fries, don't get me wrong, they are fresh but a little oily and I prefer to get my calories from 2 burgers that a burger and fries. The staff have always been courteous in all the location I visited including but not limited to Las Vegas.
5	Amazing every time and all the time. This time I was their last customer of the night. Most places will treat you terribly when you are there at closing but not these guys. They always greet you with a smile and the place is amazingly clean. Peanuts to get you started and the soda machine has about a thousand different choices.
5	Not a good place if you have peanut allergies! :)I didn't know anything about Five Guys before I wandered in. It's a homey feel, with their sacks of potatoes lining the "order here" area. You can grab peanuts while you wait. The steak-cut fries are cooked in peanut oil and are amazing. Toppings are free, no avocado though. The burgers were a little messy giving it a homemade feel, but so good. Coke products (yay!).It's definitely an experience to eat here, but I was glad I discovered it. I would love to go back anytime.The service at this location did a fine job. There wasn't many people in there when we went so it was hard to tell if they were actually quick or not but they were certainly friendly and our food was put together well.
4	Burgers are great...large portions of fries...you can easily share a regular burger with all the toppings and a regular size fries with someone. It's great location at the Outlet especially when it's busy inside to get away for a break! Staff is fun and friendly!
5	Tried this place out while on vacation after being recommended by a coworker. I was quite fascinated by the simplicity of the restaurant when I first came in. A couple dozen bags of raw potatoes near the front door and the simple decor made the experience quite interesting. The menu was short and sweet. I opted to share a regular Bacon Cheeseburger with BBQ sauce and a few other toppings with my girlfriend. We also ordered the Cajun fries (why not right?) and drink. Did I mention they have one of those fancy Coca-Cola machines where you can get the different flavored versions of your favorite soft drink!? It was awesome! The whole meal came out to a little over $10, but was definitely enough for 2 people to share (or maybe 1 SUPER hungry person).All the staff members seemed to be having fun on the job and not in a bad way. They were communicating loudly and effectively, while at the same time making it fun.Overall I had an awesome experience with some very tasty food. Will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas
4	Whenever I go to Las Vegas give your time at  Five Guys Burgers  in, when was the first time two years ago, I was cusioso to know because of a huge line in an open sky the park with a so low temperature. It was worth it, great options hamburgurers not sure to eat the potato with cheddar sauce, very good.
4	Pros.  First ... I need to mention the customer service.  This group that is working tonight on 1/3/15 ... Is the most friendliest team with all amazing attitudes.  Started with the guy who took my order super friendly and informative about the menu.  Even the lady who was cooking had a smile on her face while making our food.  The lady who was cleaning the tables asked if we were ok and if we needed anything and offered to take my trash ... it felt like I was at a nice sit down restaurant and I told my boyfriend wow they're all so nice here and they were joking with each other.   I'm a firm believer that if you got good teamwork and enjoy your peers it makes work so much easier !!! Ok let's get to the food.  Their regular burger is two patties of meat and you can choose a hamburger, cheeseburger, or bacon cheeseburger.  Then you custom your burger with your choice of toppings.  The bacon is super crispy which I love.  Also huge portions of fries.  Boyfriend and I usually just share the regular fries ... which is more than plenty.  The guy also said their regular fries normally feed 2-3 people. Also there are unlimited amounts of free peanuts for you to enjoy.  Cons.  I think it's a little pricey ... maybe if they had combos it would appear a little cheaper then ordering everything separate.  I have to admit the only thing I like from here is the fries .. my preference for a burger joint is In-N-Out (sorry Five Guys) ... however my boyfriend craves this so we go here from time to time.Overall I gave it 4 stars because 1.  the service was awesome and I would go here again because of the service but 2.  the food isn't bad at all, it's not my preference but I have tons of friends that love FIVE GUYS !!!
4	Ok my fault for going to a location on las vegas blvd. So other than how busy it was, everything was great! I've had five guys a number of times in the past, but I finally wrote a review. All the ingredients were very fresh and the service was amazing. Very simple menu. I will continue to be a fan.
