4	Arcadia needed this coffee house!  Hava Java married Coffee Bean!  First, let me admit that I drink a lot of coffee, specifically flavored lattes.  Daily, sometimes more than once a day, I will visit Starbucks, LGO, Hava Java, or Carmel's.  Black Cat is similar to Hava Java: large patio doors that open up during cooler weather, inviting interior with artwork, music playing, and cute baristas.  Black Cat has more seating than the closest Starbucks at 44th and Hava Java.  It's way quieter than LGO or Starbucks.  It has able wall outlets vs Hava Java.  It has two leather chairs!  Which, if they put 2 or 3 more sets (or leather love seats) where some of the bistro tables are, would make me rate this SIX STARS.  I give it four stars because it recently opened and this business could go to 5 or 3 over the next 6 to 9 months.  If they pull this Hava Java meets Coffee Bean off, it will compete with the best of them.  Yay!  I'm a fan.
5	Great selection of coffee and friendly customer service. Free WiFi and comfy chairs make this place a great addition to the neighborhood.
4	Glad to see a nice, friendly coffee shop open in Arcadia. Their big, open front doors are especially nice for sipping a coffee in the early morning during the Fall.They use locally roasted coffee (Passport) and locally baked pastries. A nice selection of teas as well, including Thai iced tea, which I don't often see on coffee shop menus.Staff is very friendly, but they are still learning and there are some consistency issues. I like cappuccinos and no two people there seem to make them the same way. But their official Grand Opening isn't until Halloween, and it always takes new places a while to work out the kinks. Hoping for great things!
4	what a plesant suprise .. great new clean coffee house, FINALLY a selection of " Sugar Free" coffee drinks ! and they use local blends ,   fresh local pastry . and the Owners are awesome and there to greet you !  I'm a fan now... not another " over priced" coffee house, just right !     welcome to Our Arcadia neighborhood
5	Excellent french press coffee and the nicest service.
5	I've stopped by three times. The first time I had French press flavored cover. Brew was well timed and very tasty. I had a muffin that was fresh and moist. The second time I ordered a latte and croissant. The latte was done well. The croissant, while it had a good bread taste, was not the layer buttery taste I was looking for. (Recommended Essence Bakery in Tempe as an alternate source.)Third visit was perfect. Cappuccino and Biscotti. Coffee roaster is locally sourced from Passport in Scottsdale. Biscotti is from Bad Boy Biscotti in Gilbert. Service was very friendly. The same person made my coffee drinks each time, and the quality was consistent. The atmosphere is delightful with the open doors or outside tables and background music that doesn't over power conversation. I'm giving five stars. I've been very pleased on each visit and I'm glad they've joined the Arcadia neighborhood.
2	I definitely prefer to support the locally based economy.  But, $3 for a single cup of black coffee is a little much to ask...  Aside from that, it seems like a very nice little place.
5	I think I have a new favorite coffee shop.  Black Cat serves one of the best lattes I've ever had.  The peaberry french press was perfectly roasted and perfectly timed.  Great cookies, awesome biscotti.  Modern, relaxing, comfortable decor.  Super friendly service.  Love it!
5	Lovely ambiance in this Arcadia shopping strip. They did away with the traditional storefront and installed a beautiful accordion door that really opens the space up. This creates a lovely atmosphere for the patrons and as well the workers! Workers are super friendly and always have a smile on their face. Great coffee and pastries. This is a great neighborhood coffee house if you live in the Arcadia area, or work near by. I recommend the French Press  with the Vanilla Cinnamon Twist bean!  Will come here often!
4	Good espresso and biscotti.  Nice neighborhood hang.
5	A great cafe.  A welcome surprise to find in Phoenix.Local, good coffee, friendly service, good ambience, free wifi.  That's what I'm looking for in a cafe when I'm hitting the computer.  I was glad to meet and chat with Don, the owner, both times I visited.The prices are a little higher than that chain coffee place that shan't be mentioned, but if that's enough to keep you away, this place ain't for you anyway.I'll definitely be back
4	Great new coffee house in Arcadia.  Nice selection of offerings.  My Vanilla latte was delicious.  Thanks for offering low-fat products.  Saw some other patrons having some baked goods.  They looked appetizing. Service was great and the atmosphere was fun and inviting.Can't wait to go back.
5	Best Chai Tea Latte around in my eyes.  A little sweeter then the norm but really hits the spot.
5	YUM! Great local coffee house! My soy latte and breakfast sandwich were both delish. Only con is cost, but all coffee houses seem expensive to me and this one runs about average so I will stick with the 5 stars on taste.  Can't wait to be a regular on weekends!
5	I like this place. I don't frequent the locally owned coffee shops as much as I used to but I will for sure return to this one. This place doesn't have the pretentiousness you find at Echo or Lux (ugh Lux) and that's what I like. I am comfortable when I walk in and the baristas are friendly. I also thought the prices were fair and they surprisingly have a good selection of pastries, desserts and even in-house sandwiches. They also have smoothies and blended drinks which is why I will be dropping by a lot in the summer. So if you want good coffee (or a smoothie) without "the scene", then the Black Cat is your place.
5	Friendly staff and great Americanos!
4	This place has everything needed to be a hit.  The espresso is delicious, the sandwiches are homemade, yummy and reasonably priced, the staff is friendly and the environment comfortable.  It's also open until 10 which is nice for those of us who find ourselves tied to desks until 5 or 6.  And bonus - I was visited by one of the owners who sincerely asked if everything was as good as it could be.  Nice touch.Their web site and social media presence seems to need some help but as they've only been open for 5 months it's understandable.  I'll be going back.
5	I come in here to get a little work done a few times a week. The people are friendly. The coffee is great. I usually don't order food at a coffee shop because I've always been disappointed. Today I was super hungry so I ordered the Caprese Melt. To my surprise it was huge and tasted amazing. Under $7.
5	First,  let me disclose, I'm not a coffee drinker. (But tea drinkers - I got you, no worries!)  But, don't let that stop you from reading my review or disregard my awesome rating of Black Cat Coffee House.  I have my reasons, I promise!   Read on... I LOVE this place!   After 8 years of graduate school visiting many, many coffee shops throughout Tempe, Scottsdale and Phoenix - this is THE place I've been searching for all my life!  (or at least my academic life!)    Free internet makes for a productive work day and with Over Easy next door, there's great people watching for the casual coffee-goer too! So, why does a non-coffee drinking coffee-shop hopping academic have to say about this place?  So many things!  where to begin?  The tea choices...ahh, the tea choices!!!  It's as though I found the end of the rainbow - tea lovers rejoice, b/c this is the place to go for our "pot o' gold" (in the form of many, many delicious flavors of tea.)   My favorite:  Cactus Blossom.  I like it iced.  Get it. And I highly recommend you just go ahead and get the medium or large, because I suspect you'll love it as much as I do!   So many other delicious choices - even for people who aren't hardcore tea-drinkers - you'll even find something you love here!!!   Maybe the kiwi-strawberry iced tea as a cool alternative for the summer months?  or Passionfruit.    They also have many more traditional and non-traditional tea flavors.  So many choices, what to do??!?    Also  - my friends who are crazy coffee-aholics like to the coffee here, so while I cannot personally validate it, I would tend to believe them. Second reason I love this place: the lighting!   As anyone who spends much time in coffee shops may have realized, often coffee shops are dark.  I like sunshine.  I do live in Phoenix, after all!   There are tables outside and inside, the doors fold wide open and plenty of light gets in, so even if you are slaving away over a paper or dissertation, you'll still soak up some Vitamin D and feel like you are in the land of the living. Third reason:  I haven't eaten there yet, but I'm super impressed with food options.  Here's what I've discovered in my coffee shop days - the food is either uber healthy, made for the granola-earth biscuits out there who just rode their bicycle 60 miles in the 115 degree sun to stop in and pick up a green tea, 3 carrot sticks and a vegan cracker for dessert.  (nothing wrong with that, just not everyone's thing)  OR on the other hand, it's a giant double-sized triple chocolate cheesecake, massive bearclaw with a side of donut holes, and a caramel-chocolate-raspberry muffin, which has the caloric equivalent of 6 Big Macs "super sized".  So - if you want something more than a seaweed cracker, but don't want to gain 15 lbs from a muffin, this place gets it done.   You can choose from a variety of healthy food options, hot or cold breakfast/lunch items, and if you do feel like splurging - they do have some tasty pastries of normal portion sizes to try too! Last - the staff are all friendly and welcoming.  The owner or manager (not sure) has personally stopped by each time I've been there to say hi and check in on how things are.   The place is immaculately clean and the music is mellow and relaxing. The hours are excellent.   Oh - and tax is included, so the price you see is what you pay.  That's a pretty cool difference from most places!   And drinks are affordable!!  So, stop by - I'll be the one basking in the sunshine in the corner -  just don't take my spot!   =)
2	This place is a little more pricey than most, which is fine if the product was exceptional, but I was not impressed. To me, the coffee tasted watered down. I did like the ambiance and there were no problems with the service.
5	I really enjoy this place...their iced coffee with cream is wonderful!!  Their coffee is AMAZING!! The taste is like no other...it almost has this sweet quality to it.  They have huge cups that are great because I like to have biggest iced coffee possible!  They have a a great thai iced tea as well...you do not see that often at many places.  The people behind counter are so nice and friendly.  The first time I went there I spoke to the guy behind the counter for like 20 minutes.  He was awesome!  I wish it were on my way to work, but it definitely has become my weekend spot.  I go here about once a week!
4	There's a cool cat in town and it's known as Black Cat Coffee House. All they need is some live jazz playing and they'll be set. I wouldn't have expected a cool coffee shop like this to be living in the Safeway shopping center, but it's a great fit! This coffee shop isn't big, but there's enough room to sit and do some work if you want. The menu is a good size for the coffee shop. They offer pastries, a hefty selection of coffee (including a tasty sounding Iced Toffee Mocha!), freshly made loose leaf hot or iced teas and even a couple meal options like a hefty salad or sandwich. I will definitely be back to try more items on their menu, but during my first visit, I enjoyed a refreshing (and quite large) iced tea. It was naturally sweetened and they have about 12+ flavors to choose from. I opted for a berry flavor which I liked. This is definitely a great spot to relax, work or have a meeting!
4	Wow -- I've found another great local coffee house! Being a grad student, coffee houses are my second home, and I much prefer the locally-owned type. I found this place by accident one day on my way back to PHX from Scottsdale, along Indian School Rd. The name intrigued me and it was fairly hot outside, and a cold beverage was in order. The guy whipped up a perfectly blended mocha with coconut for me - YUM!  The interior is long and narrow, and kinda dark (which is fine with me, just mentioning it). The tables along the wall are the bistro/pub set type, which I really like. A sofa and a couple comfy-looking chairs are towards the front, along with 3-4 regular-height tables with four chairs each. Black Cat has a frequent visitor program, so be sure to pick up a card at the register -- buy 9, get the 10th free. There's a little outside seating, and they have free Wi-Fi. Also, their prices up on the board already include AZ and PHX tax...I wish everyone in town did that. Compared to other local coffee houses like Urban Beans that has a full-on breakfast/brunch/lunch menu, they have a couple of salad options and a few sandwiches. The baked treats in the counter look delectable. I'll definitely be a regular here!
4	I read all of the great reviews so I decided to pop in this afternoon, fire up the ole' laptop and get some work done. French Press sealed the deal for me and got to choose Kona from their many options.It reminds me of the love child of Starbucks and Coffee Bean but locally owned and a LOT more blends to choose from and a lot more originality. The people that work there are really nice and seem to know their stuff.The atmosphere is very relaxed and needless to say I got a lot of work done. Not the closest place to grab a brew but I now know where I'll be heading when I'm in need of joe in Arcadia.
5	Ok love this little, local coffee house.  Prices include tax & very are reasonable.  Try the iced chai latte!  They support local charities.
5	I have to add that this place is so chill and mellow and never too crowded. I get SO much work done when I come here and jump on the lap top without a loud crowd to distract me. Sundays here may become a weekly ritual!
5	If I could give you 50 stars I would. I am a regular and I always feel right at home when I walk in the door.  Oh and the coffee is perfect and tastes amazing. Every drink is made perfect.
5	Dear Black Cat,Can you pretty, pretty please move to my neighborhood? Or make another location in Scottsdale? I'd just love it. Thanks!Boyfriend and I happened upon Black Cat a few months ago. We were starving and on our way to a fun- and monkey-filled day at the zoo and tried to stop in at Over Easy. The line was out the door and we were reaching hangry levels. On a whim (like I'm sure a lot of people), we decided to try out luck next door at this cute little coffee house.HELLO, BREAKFAST SANDWICHES.Huge, fluffy eggs. Buttery croissants. Thick cut tomatoes. Assorted meats for him. Tasty, gooey cheese for both. Add a huge, slightly chocolatey iced coffee for each of us and it was love at first sight.We've returned twice since then, the latest being this morning. We just love this place. All employees we've talked to are so nice (the first time we got a punch card, and they gave us double punches. Weeee!) and both food and drink product is so, so stellar. We don't live very close but when we are in the area, Black Cat is IT!
5	This coffee house is just wonderful; so much better than Starbucks! Warm and friendly, and the coffee (both hot and cold) is absolutely the best. I've had sandwiches and pastries as well, and they are so good you don't even think about the calorie count. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and often the owners are there and they are so nice and helpful.  It's a bit of a drive from where I live, but beyond worth it!
5	Favorite coffee shop in Phoenix right here. Where do I begin with my love for this place? Their iced toddy is mind-blowing. No coffee has ever jump started my day the way this stuff does. It is smooth, delicious and full of caffeination.This place gets major brownie points for having almond milk. Thank God I don't have to ever have another latte with dairy or soy. Their iced chai with almond milk will change your life and it makes their toddy that much smoother.Their food is delectable. They have Tammie Coe everything and if you haven't tried Tammie Coe cakes, you're missing out. I haven't tried a cupcake, muffin or breakfast sandwich I didn't like (make sure you try a breakfast croissant sandwich with turkey bacon. Earth shattering good.)Last but definitely not least, their customer service is epic. I have the best convos with these guys and they're always ready to suggest good teas to match my mood or go above and beyond to make my drink perfect. They're like my neighborhood friends. What more could you ask for from a place? The owners of BCCH have done everything right!
4	I love this coffee shop. I haven't tried the food yet but I can vouch for the coffee, the ambiance, and the music selection. If the food is decent, they'll definitely get a star upgrade.
5	Great service, clean quiet atmosphere and not corporate.
5	By far my favorite place to hang out, read a book, have a muffin & a latte. Aside from peak hours it's pretty quiet - lots of people on their laptops working or lounging and reading the paper. Black Cat is truly a local gem. I adore most local spots but this is a nice break from the hipster snobs/atmosphere. It is simply homey. The perfect lil' hideout.
4	first coffee stop in the Az since moving here. And very satisfied I am. Berry bran muffin was something so different then your average one...almost like a pound cake texture, lots of of moisture! Great flavor-the coffee is pretty swell as well!Try it and see for yourself!
5	There are several reasons why I can never camp out at other standard coffee shops (e.g., Starbucks): I don't enjoy the food, or the coffee, or the crowd.But then I came to Black Cat.  And now I don't want to leave.I know what you're thinking: "If it's not crowded, it's not delicious, and if it's crowded, it must be great."  No.  It just means that most people are sheep [who enjoy burnt coffee].  I have been sitting here for the past two hours, and there has never been a moment at which every single table filled up.  That means I could have walked in at any moment and found a table.I wasn't hungry yet, so I started out with an iced apricot (white) tea.  No sweetener, and it is superb.  I read some of the other reviews before I came, so I knew to order a large.  Smart move.I got hungry a few minutes ago and ordered the Black Cat Melt (Smoked ham, provolone, Dijon mustard, red onion, grilled on marbled rye) with a side of fruit.  I apologize for not having taken a picture, but I was hooked at the first bite.  This is a thick-sliced rye, toasted to a warm-but-not-burnt perfection (how did they know I like my toast this way?!); the Dijon mustard is a delectable mustard, and there is just the right amount of ham and cheese--not so much that I feel gluttonous, but not so little that I feel deprived.  And there is a banana on my plate.  And it doesn't have any bruises.  I'm in heaven.While I was waiting for my sandwich, I took my headphones off long enough to hear some of the employees talking to a very talkative little boy.  He was having a ball.  Anyone who can engage a small child and simultaneously make a sandwich this perfect has my vote.I plan to be here for the rest of the afternoon.  And I'll definitely be back again...and again...and again.
4	I was in the Safeway parking lot near this place and needed a cup of coffee. Instead of the run-of-the-mill Starbucks stop,  I wanted to hit up a local place. As soon as I got in, I immediately liked the atmosphere. It's a nice, cozy little place. There was local art hanging on the walls. The place had some indie-rock over head which I liked too.Whenever I go into a locally owned coffee shop, I've come to expect a stuffy, pretentious, hipster-like aura (i.e., LUX on Central Ave and Campbell), but this place was very inviting. About a month ago I changed my diet to not include any flour, dairy or radically processed foods. This meant that I had to say no to lattes and only drink black coffee. I'm allergic to almond and soy products, so I can't drink almond or soy milk lattes.That's why I was  very glad  to see they offered rice milk lattes at a reasonable price! I'm glad I stopped here, because at any other coffee place I'd have to just drink black coffee. I was also very good.They also had some pretty good looking treats on display, but sadly I couldn't eat any of it. The staff was pretty nice too. I'd definitely come back to this place!
2	I happened to stop by during the monthly high school music night which was great. Really nice crowd of kids and parents. However, this is a coffee place and just that wasn't so great. I drink it black and, as a true addict looking for the next fix, am not picky but it just didn't taste right. Weird even. Bummer.
4	Stumbled on this place after getting my fingerprints done next door. The garage door was open on this lovely spring day, and the big open hole in the shopping mall makes you go "Oooh, what is THIS?" and want to go inside, so in I went.The mocha I got was amazing. The espresso has that nutty flavor and the chocolate was richer than most places. It was so good that I returned the next day... and the next day... at this point, I'm driving from Scottsdale out to Arcadia, bypassing at least 5 other coffee joints, just to go to Black Cat. It's that good.On the subsequent visits, I got their toddy; WOW. I generally can't drink coffee with no sweetener, but this toddy was awesome. It wasn't bitter and was delicious with just a bit of milk. And the caffeine! I'm almost immune to caffeine at this point in my college career, but half of a large toddy kept me wide awake and productive from about 8pm untill after midnight. Schwing!The atmosphere is really really cool; no hipster vibe at all, lots of young professionals working. They have dog water bowls outside, and yesterday there was a guy with his German Shepherd pup sound asleep on the floor next to him; it was adorable and so cool that they were allowed to sit just inside the garage door and nobody was spazzing out. There's art and music without being overpoweringly hipster snob. The staff are really sweet and laidback; the one guy says "No worries!" to everything. They have a punch card deal too, and it's buy 9, get one free, not buy 10 like everywhere else. Winning!The triple berry parfait I had yesterday afternoon is the only thing I'm knocking down stars on; it didn't feel as ice cold as a dairy product should, and that made me wonder if it had been kept at the "safety zone" temperature. The yogurt was kind of watery, not the thick consistency you'd expect, and some of the berries were mush essentially. It was delicious until about halfway through when it turned very acidic-tasting... and I got heartburn (which I NEVER get) after eating it.  I think I will stick to the very scrumptious-looking cakes and muffins from now on, because this parfait was iffy.
4	Great spot! I've personally had iced tea and their incredible fruit smoothies. I even have a loyalty punch-out card that I remember to bring everytime. I hate those things, so that's saying a lot. Try their blueberry, strawberry, banana smoothie with a scoop of protein (boyfriend's favorite). Or mine: mango blueberry smoothie. So refreshing and lactose free. Healthy summer treat. The owner is there often and is a friendly local guy. The only annoyance is it's located just down the street from a high school. So don't hope for a quick drink right after school. Lots of high school kids ordering sugar filled frozen coffee drinks and with 1 or 2 people behind the counter, it could take 15 minutes to get anything more complicated than a regular coffee. But all in all, great place!
4	I went here today with my step mom for some coffee and it was surprisingly excellent! We both got the iced coffee and it was so good, I didn't have to add any milk or cream to drink it.  It was not acidic and was very smooth, with just enough coffee flavor. The feel here is nice, very relaxed. The prices are pretty average. I definitely want to come back and try a latte, but this place has serious 5 star potential!
3	Coffee was ok, a bit weak. The atmosphere is positive.
4	Really cool place with great ambiance. Kids were welcome (even though mine are a bit loud) and even though they were busy, they were friendly and made my drink to perfection. The number of choices is astronomical. I put Black cat up there with Grinders in the West side.
4	Coffee tastes great.  Service was a little questionable.  I don't mind having to wait a bit for coffee - I understand that quality takes time.  But I think it would help to have more than one person making the drinks on a Saturday morning.  I waited in a line with about 6 people in front of me and didn't have my drink until 20 minutes later.  Also, the drink was wrong.  I ordered a hot salted caramel latte and ended up with an iced regular caramel latte - and yes, it was definitely my order.  I drank it anyway and it was pretty good.  I went back later to give it a second chance and finally got my salted caramel latte.  It was amazing... I added a sprinkle of cinnamon and it was a glorious fall beverage.  Also, the price was reasonable - I love that they don't add tax.  I recommend this place, but make sure they take your order correctly.
4	Really love that I have a coffee shop I can walk to so close to my apt. Very nice small quiet place. I enjoy the art and there are usually people here studying or working. I like that they have a reward punch card so you can earn free drinks! I love their iced teas... Not too crazy about the coffees, they are ok. Also a great place to stop in real quick for a bagel or yogurt.
5	I love this place!  I used to live down the road and completely gave up starbucks for them!  the staff is very friendly and knows my name and usual :-)This place is way underpriced!  the large (32oz) is 4.50 m (24oz) is 4.00  inc tax!  How awesome is that?!?  They have thai tea, lattes,protein shakes, fruit shakes, italian soda, if it's a non alcoholic beverage they have it!The food servings are huge!  You order a bear claw and it's the size of your face!  and the breakfast sandwich is fresh made (they go make it) and ginormous (i eat half and am full!)   This place is tops!  Great food, friendly staff and awesome prices!  I recently moved from down the street to scottsdale (near buzzberry) and while i like buzzberry the prices can't compete (buzzberry 24 oz (large) is almost 7$ after tax! )  their yogurt cup is half the size but the same price.  Buzzberry is good and they serve lunch and dinner and are 24hrs with a drive thru but they are much more expensive!  I still drive to black cat whenever time permits!  :-)
5	I was meeting a friend later on for dinner in the area, and wanted to find a coffee shop nearby where I could get some work done. Upon entering the Black Cat, I immediately felt a peaceful vibe. I ordered a medium iced vanilla latte, and it was incredibly creamy and amazing. The medium was a large anywhere else, so you definitely get a lot for your money! The natural lighting and fresh air from the open doors was great. I live in Chandler but spend an unreasonable amount of time in coffee shops, so you can bet I will be back here often!
5	Was in here earlier this morning with my girlfriend as we just moved a mile away! The location is cool and they are pet-friendly (as in bring your dog inside so we can say hello to them -AND- we have a big ol' water bowl outside for your pup too!). Beyond impressed with the service we received from the two ladies and their recommendations were on point as I died over my large, iced vanilla and caramel macchiato! I didn't pay much attention to their selection but I can vouch that they could probably make you any combination of drink with their many, many options! Will be back and I'm now using my Starbucks gift card as a bookmark haha! Thank you!
5	I've decided: Black Cat is the best-kept breakfast secret. Their egg sandwiches (which you can get on a bagel, croissant or in a wrap) are out of this world. You get your choice of breakfast meat, tomato and/or cheese and they are HUGE. Paired with their absolutely delicious iced coffee, I'm not sure why the chumps waiting outside of Over Easy don't just come in here. (More room for us, hooray!!)
5	My boyfriend and his roommate turned me on to this coffee house, as they use to live just down the street from it and I am HOOKED now! I just recently moved to the area and adore this place. My favorite is their Black Cat Bomb which is an incredible protein/espresso shake that is super filling and delicious. They only serve it in a large though so make sure you have a little room for an appetite as it does fill you up but it's a perfect breakfast for me to go with a side of fruit or an in between meal drink when I need a little boost. Staff=awesome!Food=awesome!Seating=comfy and awesome!All around= AWESOME!
4	I've only been here once.  Maybe I'm a 5-star review prude, but I have a feeling I'll be changing it in the future once I get a feel for the rest of the menu.This place is pretty great for coffee and studying, but bring a jacket at night in the winter, as the whole front wall of the place is an opening glass door and is usually still open in the evening.  Good seating for hanging out or studying, and the wifi is not spotty.  I was pretty impressed by the bathroom as well--I've never seen a sink layout so beautifully done in a public place, with an actual area to set things down.  The total ambiance of the place at night is relaxing.I ordered a simple small cappuccino, as I do when I'm testing out new places.  It was not burnt (like some places) and not too strong.  Around 9, the barista asked if he could turn down the music and flip on the Grammys, which I didn't mind; he acknowledged the fact that I was studying and let me know what was going on.  He didn't bombard me with "Do you need anything?" constantly (only asked once when I was headed to the bathroom) and let me know when it was 5 minutes to closing.  Smooth service, close to home and school, I'm certain this place is going to become a regular hang out.
5	I've come back a few times and have had great service since.  I'm gonna call my first visit here a fluke.  I love this place, I wish it were closer to my home in Ahwatukee.  Lavender vanilla lattes?  So wonderful.
5	Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation and every time I leave this place I'm cured! I have yet to explore more of their menu and have the intention to do so one of these days, but their espresso blend is rich and smooth with just the right amount of pick-me-up and flavor that keeps me coming back. The shop itself is warm and welcoming with brilliant trinkets, chalk boards and smiles. Music that peaks my interest is always playing to set the mood. The staff is friendly and attentive and my favorite barista, Amanda, always has a neat concoction to recommend when I'm feeling something other than the habitual latte'. Try their Cactus Blossom Tea or an Iced Toddy with added Macadamia Nut and Chocolate Milano syrups! Their coffee, bagels and service are to die for, without killing your wallet in the act.
5	I originally came into this coffee shop for a vanilla latte because I heard their espresso tastes really good.  I was greeted by this handsome young man that was really charming. He was very outgoing and I actually felt like he was interested in the conversation we shared. A drink called the Black Cat Bomb  with very inviting and vibrant lettering was advertised on a chalk board next to the register, and was explained as the pride and joy of the coffee house. He made me the drink and topped it off with a dome lid for extra which was a nice touch. The Bomb tasted great, but does seems like a once in a while drink. I will for sure be back for my daily coffee needs! Great experience!
5	This is my favorite coffee shop in the entire city!!! The coffee is delicious (I usually opt for the simple blended coffee with soy, or an iced mocha), and the staff are always friendly and helpful. Speaking of which, the owner of the store STILL remembers my name even after I moved to Tucson, so I am only able to go here maybe once a month or so! I think that is incredible, and it really shows how much he values his costumers. In addition, the food here is quite delicious!! My friend and I ordered a sandwich a couple weeks ago to share, and it was so good I ended up having to buy my own! I will continue to recommend this shop as long as it's open! :) Thank you Black Cat for all of the amazing coffee!!
4	This is my first time at BCCH. Such a relaxed atmosphere with good music. The barista was really sweet when I explained I had just moved to Phoenix and didn't know what to order. She asked me what I normally get and suggest the Iced Thai Tea. Bullseye. Will be coming back to escape the heat this summer.
4	I tried this place after Terra Java went downhill with wanna be hipsters and etc etc. WOW, I am so glad I did, baristas are nice and friendly, always greeted with a smile! Their products are all wonderful tasting. Yes, their prices are a bit on the high side, but they're slap ass in the center of Arcadia and rent cannot be the same as 36th and Indian School. If your visit isn't perfect, then bring it to the attention of Don and he will make it right.
5	Everyone should try it at least once, odds are you'll be back again and again! The coffee is strong and the decor is industrial chic, the service is always fantastic! I honestly have nothing bad to say that's why I drive all of the way from Chandler, my husband teases me about how many coffee houses I pass on the way but I'll always be back for more black cat!
5	spent the whole day there working on my laptop. friendly ppl good music. chill atmosphere. flavors galore!
5	I've tried a bunch of different coffee shops in the Phoenix area, and the lattes here are the best that I've found. I love it!
2	I just moved to the area and don't have internet yet so I decided to come hang out and get a coffee. A friend had unexpectedly showed up so I decided to get a sandwich. It was an ok coffee shop sandwich.....A couple bites into it I pulled out a piece of a plastic glove, like they had ripped off the finger of the glove and laid it with the turkey. This was in my mouth. So effing GROSS! Only giving2 stars because the coffee was decent. I do appreciate the apology email received from management.
5	I absolutely love the Black Cat Coffee House! My dad and I discovered this gem through Instagram about two years ago. On Christmas morning we wanted a coffee and found out that BC was open! Ever since then I have ditched starbucks and dutch bros completely, they just don't compare! I love that BC has punch cards so I can earn free coffees, and I also like being able to call in an order if I'm in a hurry. The owners (Don and Tima) are incredible and very friendly. Every time I come in Don greets me and plenty of other customers by name. They truly care about their customers here and treat them like friends. I would definitely recommend the Black Cat to everyone, not just coffee lovers. They have lots to offer! :)
4	I don't know how I did I but I started reviewing the wrong coffee house and I don't know how to delete this. Actually I started off heading here  but Phoenix PD had Indian School RD blocked and I couldn't get through. Another time.  And I will complete the review.
4	Great place. Like the music, drinks are tasty, and it's a good place to get work done away from home. One of the few coffee shops I know that has Thai iced tea.
3	So I finally made it into BC Coffee.ice coffee did not wow me average at best.nothing much to eat.. Sorry three stars is as high as we go
5	Upping this to 5 stars as it's become my go-to place for coffee in the neighborhood.  Great joe, great service, comfortable environment, free wi-fi and ownership who truly cares about the customers.
5	Such a cute little shop, truly a place to go and hang out to relax and read, have a business meeting, or just grab your favorite beverage.  The staff is wonderful and friendly and truly welcomes you in.  I just adore this place
5	I go out of my way to come here because they have everything I want in a coffee shop: 1) great coffee, tea, and food, 2) friendly and genuine baristas, 3) fast Wi-Fi, 4) nice vibe.
5	Love, love, love this place!  I always go for the Blended Coffee which is iced and has just enough malted flavoring!  Very nice baristas!  Local art for sale on the walls.Very reasonably priced, as well! I guarantee you will love it!
5	While working remotely, we stopped here to caffeine up and get some work done. Excellent service, excellent soy latte, free wifi, clean and very comfortable. We will definitely keep this on our "favorites" list!
4	This is my favorite spot to hang out and just relax in my neighborhood. I am currently away from Arizona and find myself missing the Black Cat.  I highly recommend giving this coffee house a try.  Very friendly owners and staff, great coffee and lunch / snacks.
4	I had heard of this place before and was visiting a store in the same strip mall. I knew I had to try it, I love black cats! I ordered a Thai Iced Tea and it was delicious. The cashier asked me if I wanted a punch card (awesome, since most places I've been to don't ask and I find out later) and she gave me 2 stamps because it was my first visit. Too cool. It's not a convenient location for me but if I was in the area I'd stop by and try their coffee. Super nice staff and there was plenty of customers there enjoying themselves.
5	Sorry for the late review guys, I'm a manny by profession and an at home chef so my free time is random. I do though remember well my visit. I ordered their house protein coffee shake. The environment is a little hip place, maybe too hip for me but to each they own. They were very professional and friendly and greeted us immediately. I took my order to go, so I can't really say much on how the atmosphere really sets in but I'll have to sit and relax there when I can. Good coffee, pretty cool place, I'll be back.
4	Here on a visit and decided to give Black Cat a try based on other yelp reviews. I thought it was very good! Nice decor and staff was very friendly. Didn't have to wait but I can image this place can get busy. I like the garage style open frontage and they have nice chairs to relax in while you drink your coffee and have a chat. I'm here for a couple more days so I'll be back.....
5	Such a cute shop! I wish I wasn't so far away though, the staff is always friendly and the drinks are great! I you don't like coffee they have a great variety of alternatives the staff is knowledgeable and it's an overall "hip" vibe. If you're near the Arcadia area check it out!
4	This is a great little place the problem I have is it looks too much like a Starbucks but it is nice lot of younger people college students using the wifi drinks were reasonable, sandwiches and desserts are good at this restaurant.
5	The friendliest staff! These guys will wake you up with a laugh not to mention the coffee. A must try for delicious coffee and pleasant atmosphere. Service is amazing thanks to Don!Keep it up Black Cat! Take that business away from those large corps! Power to the local small businesses!
5	Another long overdue review. I've been going to Black Cat for at least 18mos and these cats (heh - see what I did there?) are true aficionados when it comes to coffee. Their expertise, knowledge of their craft, and what's required to maintain the equipment all shows in the final product - the glorious coffee that's handed to the customer. The products are amazing - if you're accustomed to crappy, yet overpriced, espresso that's regularly burned and then served with a smile from a well-known chain, you'll be more than pleasantly surprised by the natural toffee flavor that shines through their espresso. Getting a latte? The flavor is perfect without piles of whipped cream, sweeteners, and other sugar-laden additives. There's also comfy seating indoors, outdoor seating that's dog-friendly (so go ahead and bring your furry friend with you), free wifi, yummy food, and an amazing selection of teas for the days you might want something that's not coffee. Their hours can't be beat, either.
