5	Yelp gets freaky was a FREAKIN Awesome time from start until this PREGGO finished. The security was extremely friendly & compassionate with everyone that walked up. The vendors were professional & everything taste amazing. Unfortunately I was not able to drink any liquor but the liquor vendors were nice enough to give me chasers on ice = Score. My plus 1 says the liquor mixed drinks were awesome & she thanked me tremendously for bringing her with. Did I mention the costumes & the candy/Yelp bag station where I got an awesome snack bag to munch on during my ride home. Thanks Nikki & Yelp for such a good time.The DJ was off the chain I almost shook my baby out LoL
5	Great event, Nikki!  Always love a great elite happy hour.  That is the perk for the work!  I always love trying new food and brews in Charlotte.  I became a huge fan of the new Street Spice food truck, cold brewed pumpkins coffee, Sugar Creek brewery, D9, e2, Helen's cookies and so much more.  Love Yelp, love yelpers, love Charlotte.  Fantastic event and found some new favorites, which I know is the point of these fantastic parties.  Yelpers unite and support Street Spice...I really want them to last and do well in this city.  The food was SO good!  Thanks Nikki for my new favorites & for a great evening!
5	Yelp never ceases to amaze and awesome food awesome drinks awesome people meeting awesome yelp users and new places in and around Charlotte couldn't ask for anything better
5	My 300th review and it's about a Yelp event.  The best thing about the event was the money that was raised for www.beardsbecause.org.  Even so, everything else was also awesome.  From mac and cheese to sushi to plenty of liquid libations, it was an awesome pre-Halloween event.  I even ate a small pice of the world's hottest pepper, the Carolina Reaper.  Let's just say I won't be doing that again but I can say I've done it.  What a great event overall and loved the costumes.
5	This was soooo much fun! I had a blast! The food was great, the host was awesome, the DJ's were truly on point and the free beer was amazing.I had my favs and some disappointments. The worst food goes to Emeril Lagasse! Yuck! Spit it out!  Best food goes to Pint Central!! Way to go!!!! The avocado-fries amazing idea but; the bacon wrapped chicken and fresh mozzarella forget about. It was out of this world good! Owner told me his mom hand pulls the mozzarella and then they cook it the whole thing on the BBQ.http://pint-central.com/TapSnap had a great concept and probably the most interactive booth! The Uber Booth was pretty cool, who doesn't like corn hole. Hope I Win the gift credits!The dj's played sick music all night and really deserved applause. Nicky W. and the Beards BeCause did a wonderful thing. http://www.beardsbecause.com/index.htmlhttp://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=E43QxgV87Ij6KxMCHcijKwLenny boy brewing co.  Took the best beverage and I kept going back for more. The guys were great and very informed. http://www.discoverlennyboy.com/Hate, I missed the summer one, it will be the last. Looking forward to the next one!
4	I had a blast. This was my first yelp event. I will think twice before missing another one.  It was well organized.  The food was awesome.  And the music was phenomenal.
5	WOW!! Super fun event ..Ate lots of great food, drank some great drinks, jammed with great tunes and partied with great people!! Thanks to YELP and all the companies in attendance!!
5	Can I just start out by saying my girlfriends and I had a BLAST. My favorite drink of all times was the cinnamon titos concoction. Oh my god, amazing! There was a lot of different food and drink offerings, which I totally enjoyed. I'm so excited that I was able to enjoy this event and I can't wait for the next! Thank you so much Nikki for putting this event together!
5	We had a great time. First timers to a yelp event as Cheech and Chong. Looking forward to what Yelp has to offer in the future!
5	Another great party! I love Yelp, and I love Yelpers!We got there more than a half-hour late but luckily things were just getting awesome. So many cool people in crazy costumes, and more awesome vendors showcasing their amazing food and drinks. I rolled the dice at the "Eight" table and got six! So I got the hottest pepper there is with the sushi. And God it was hot!! I'm Korean, and I've had hot Indian, Mexican, all types of Asian food but that was the second hottest stuff I've ever had in my life. It was painful for a while. The point is that I had to chug down at least five shots of whatever I could get to even start feeling better. Luckily, that made me feel better. A lot better. LOLThe DJ was really good too. Oh, did I mention that the temporary associates were great as well? I think their names were Dan and Hugo? Sounds familiar... Anyway, great job Nikki! You did it again! Thank you!
5	My favorite charlotte event so far! There were so many great foods and drinks to try. An event with plenty of food and drinks without a wait or running out are the best. Definitely found some restaurants I've never been to and now am planning to try out! The decorations, music, and photo booths were so much fun! And can we talk about how good that pork from draught was? That was by far my favorite!
5	What a great time! E2, fantastic! Texicali, amazing. Street spice, mind blowing! I didn't have a single bad brew or booze either! Only"complaint" i have is that D9 wasn't nearly prepared enough and they seemed to be the only one! They were completely out before 745p! Can't wait for the next event!
5	This Halloween get together was a blast!  I really liked that it was outdoors.  All the vendors were super nice and very helpful!  I especially enjoyed the food from Street Spice.  That was some rockin' mac n cheese and the steak sliders with the plantain on top, yum!!!!  Pint Central was also a big hit!  I had heard good things about them from a friend.  Now I'm gonna have to go myself.  Thank you everyone for a really great time!
5	Such a great event for Yelpers! So many awesome vendors and a lot of great costumes.  I wished the partygoers would have danced, as the dj's were going all night. Overall, a very fun time and for such a great cause! Beards BeCAUSE came away with a lot of donations last night.
5	Awesome party!!  Only thing missing was a full moon!!!  This was out second yelp party, and we can't wait for the next.  All if the vendors were wonderful.  Especially loved the Street Spice food truck and Draught.   We will be visiting these and other restaurants soon.   The venue was a great location.   But what impressed me the most was the yelp staff.  From the minute we walked up to check-in, the folks made us feel like they had been waiting on us to get there!  Everyone was so friendly.  Great job you guys!
5	Thanks Nikki and the too-many-to-mention sponsors that helped make last night a fantastic time! Also a big shot out to the weather gods for bestowing us with amazing temps. Having the Elite hour before hand is a nice benefit so we could really get in there and see who was giving samples, food bites and beverages. The guests trickled in at a good and seemingly manageable rate. There were not too many people so Nikki knew just the right amount to let in, I think. Most dressed in costume which led to fun people watching. There was a good ratio of food to drink booths and the DJs were spinning some good stuff, and even better toward the second half of the party in my opinion. My only suggestion would have been more trash cans. Thanks again to everyone. :)
5	What a cool experience!!! The vendors were great! Thank you for such a fun time!!! One suggestion would be to add a cash bar somewhere so I can get a whole drink to hold but other then that perfect!
5	So many goodies to like about this Halloween party.A range of beverages to imbibe (liquor, many craft brews, nonalcoholic options etc) eats from established restaurants to spanking new food trucks.There was something special about nearly every booth from the the opportunity to try hot peppers to feeling mystery items for prizes and several photo booths.You could paint a coaster, play corn hole, dance to the several great DJs etc. This was a thoughtful and well put together event.Most people had on pretty amazing costumes and the pace and amount of food and drink was spot on. Event planners could learn from Yelp and how to bring together the right group for a happening good time.
5	That tricky McDimpletons - throwing another Yelper party, just a few months after the last one, rather than making us wait a whole year. She's going to get us all accustomed to the good stuff and then pull 'em out from under us at the last minute.In the meantime, it's pre-Halloween time at the Music Factory. They must really be okay with having the Yelp crew, since we were there barely more than a year ago for Charlotte Rock City, and here they are having us back again, this time in the courtyard on an amazingly warm October evening.Just inside the entrance, the awesome Street Spice truck greeted us with some simply sublime sliders and mac and cheese that set the tone for the evening - unfortunately for those who arrived late, at least some of their food was gone fairly early on. The mac & cheese ran out early, and I didn't see the crab cake sliders either, so hope you got there early.This was followed by some corn elote from TXC, meatballs from Pizza Peel (I know, but it was worth a taste) and a variety of other bites, as well as Tito's Vodka, beer from D9, Unknown, Sierra Nevada and others.One of the most interesting bits was rolling the dice to see the level of heat your sushi from Eight had on it. Luckily I survived with just the Thai chilis, but plenty of folks went with the Carolina Reaper. Glad to say I dodged that bullet.The popup-style photobooth from Tapsnap was a cool addition as well as our ever-present paparazzo from Poprock in all our pimped out glory. So when's the next one?!?
5	Awesome time last night at the Music Factory.  I always find it a little awkward putting on a Halloween costume considering my age, but it all melted away as I saw others arriving in full costume.  It was great to be in good company - oldies and newbies.I didn't really hit up the food... mostly the drink samples so I was definitely feeling more like Michelangelo instead of the logical, level-headed Donatello.  But it worked out to my advantage... well I didn't really think out the full-one-piece ninja turtle costume too much, considering I had to half-way undress to get my wallet out and show my ID but the shell was very helpful in providing storage for some of the freebies and goodies all the vendors had to offer.You couldn't have asked for better weather and a better Yelp CM... well last night she was a Yelp Scarecrow CM.  Props to being crazy (good crazy) to throw yet another Yelper party still fresh off of the wildly successful other party.  Chad E. is right, you are spoiling us with all these events....Props to PopRock - I'm sure you got some great shots last night with all the costumes and energy.Next year, I won't go lone ninja turtle on everyone, I will have to find 3 other people to make the costume complete... well maybe more - there is always Shredder, Splinter, and a whole host of other characters....
5	Well done Madam Scarecrow!!This event was a blast.  Everything was planned out just right, from the food to the drinks, to the swag!  I love when Yelp pairs up with an awesome cause like Beards BeCAUSE, because as we know... Charity is sexy!The Yelp goodie bag table was decked out with treats and fun take homes.  The weather was perfect and the costumes were better!  There were so many great vendors too, my favorites being D9 with their Peruvian chocolate goodness - "full pour?" "YES PLEASE".  And E2 because their gumbo was delicious.  Everyone was so friendly and helpful. I kept making mental notes of things we need to try - like Eight sushi (I enjoyed the spicy tuna without any terrifying toppings) the boyfriend risked it with the hottest pepper in the world and was suffering for a bit.  We played with the photo booths and tried to win some Uber tickets by rocking corn hole - ok, fine. I only made two in... But Rich got all 4!  This was such a great event. Shout out to Poprock! I always love seeing your bright hair and sweet face!  Thank you Nikki for the time and hard work it must have taken to put this together, and to the Music Factory for having us!!
5	This was my first Yelp event and I had a great time! Delicious food, great drinks, fun atmosphere... I met a lot of great people. Cannot wait to go to more Yelp events in the future. Great job Nikki and staff!
5	Great job, Yelp crew! This was the first Yelp event I've been to, and I had a great time. The food, drinks, music and fun was all top notch!My favorite food: The grilled chicken poppers from Pint Central were to die for! Also Draught Charlotte (which I won a $5 gift card for) had great food as well! So many great costumes too! Made me wish I had dressed up. Oh well. I had plenty of fun. Will definitely keep my eye out for the next big Yelp event!
5	Did the factory ever get freaky!  There were so many good costumes!  From fishnet scarecrow, to one of the best ET costumes I have ever seen, and hot damn that jellyfish can sting me anytime!  The eats were fantastic even though I pussed out on the carolina reaper pepper.  The drinks were flowing and big ups to D9 for giving adult sized cups!  Too bad I had to leave early otherwise the electric boogaloo would have been broken out.  Well done cutie mcdimpletons!
5	Ok, so I've become a little more selective in the Yelp event RSVP's lately but I was surely not going to miss this shindig.  Tons of great vendors and a whole herd of Yelpers dressed up is a pretty phenomenal combo.  Throw in a dash of darkness and a dribble of excellent DJ skills and there you have it...a bountiful Yelp bash .Highlights of the night for me where Tito's (giving out large samples), Pint Central was the food winner IMO (chicken poppers) as well as the pumpkin winner - HUGE - and the best beer vendor had to be D9.  They were pouring full beers for our enjoyment.  All the vendors were pretty darn great but these stood out to me the most.Great job Nikki, went off without one hitch and again raising the bar for the Charlotte Yelp community.
5	Wow, what a fun night!!! The event was outdoors in the fountain area of the Music Factory, which was fantastic for a few reasons. The weather was perfect, it was well organized and laid out, and it gave plenty of room for movement and socializing. The only thing I would add would be a handful of cocktail tables. It was difficult with nowhere to set your drinks or swag on so you could eat your tasty treats. Tables and chairs wouldn't be practical, but I think cocktail tables with nearby trashcans (to help clear the tables) would be a good add. Overall, AWESOME event!We went around and tried all the different local food and drink options from the amazing vendors who came out. These events are such a fantastic opportunity for all of us to try new (or maybe previously unknown to us) businesses. Let me tell you, they all brought their A-Game!There was always great music coming from the DJs (Dirty, Edward Shouse, Rowshay and Yona.) The setup was sort of like a circle and included everything from fun photo ops from TapSnap (tapsnap1045.com) and VTG CLT (vintage-charlotte.com), coaster painting from Wine & Design, corn hole and a raffle for free rides from Uber (don't drink and drive!!!!), great photos as always for the entire event by Poprock photography http://www.yelp.com/biz/poprock-photography-charlotte, and of course, great Yelp swag & candy!For drinks, there were plenty of options including Big Dog Whisky out of Bowling Green, KY (now in Charlotte-area ABC stores), D9 Brewing (relatively new in Cornelius), Junion Johnson's fruity moonshines, and delicious coffee from the "Unknown Brewing Company." RedBull was also a sponsor, and while I did see the RedBull car, I didn't see their table or drinks anywhere. I do love the SugarFree RedBulls!On to food... Oh my! There was a tasty and richly flavored gumbo from e2, super spicy peppers (as add-ons) and spicy tuna rolls from the new (on site) Eight Sushi, the most amazing meatballs from (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-pizza-peel-central-charlotte) Pizza Peel (so delicious and moist), really unique and flavorful pimento from Queen Charlotte's Pimento Cheese Royale (my favorite was the original), crazy-amazing (really amazing!!!) crabcake sliders from Street Spice. Street Spice (http://www.yelp.com/biz/street-spice-charlotte) also had amazing Gorgonzola mac & cheese (with penne noodles), and this yummy skirt-steak slider with a sweet plantain and chimichurri sauce. My absolute favorites (and places I will make sure I go visit again) are Street Spice (food truck, but they also do catering), and the meatballs at Pizza Peel!While it was a fun event and most were dressed in the Halloween spirit, it was largely a fundraiser for a non-profit called Beards BeCAUSE (www.beadsbecause.com - which is a non-profit dedicated the raise awareness and funds against domestic violence.) We made sure to give our donations to this charity and would encourage others to do so as well, and hopefully we can all help to end domestic violence!It was a great event and I would recommend all the places who participated. Last, but not least, Nikki - who put all this together - did an absolute fantastic job! Great job Nikki!!!!
5	Amazing! Food, booze, hospitality, organization. So many costumes, so many happy Yelpers, so much fun! The DJ Showcase was a super cool touch!
5	I don't typically put on a costume -- but when I do, it's for a Yelp event (Dos Equis/Most Interesting Man in The World Voice)Wow, where do I begin...It was great to see some awesome costumes -- and I mean AWESOME..!!I got to finally meet some people from Yelp in person which was great being that this was the first Yelp event I've ever been to...A HUGE thank you to Nikki and everyone who helped put the event together. It's safe to say that everyone had a blast last night. I wont be going into much detail on judging all the food, beverages, dj's etc., because everything was absolutely great... 6 Stars!The only downside  of the entire evening was that I had to leave a bit early to get to a 9pm soccer game =/   ... wish I could of stayed longer...For those of you that care to read any further, you can find some great facts about The Most Interesting Man below:*His tailgate parties have been known to cause game delays*It has never been his bad*He gave his father "the talk"*In a past life he was him self*If opportunity knocks and he's not home, opportunity waits*His morning breath has notes of saffron and a hint of lilac*His shadow frequently appears on multiple best dressed lists*On multiple occasions, he has vouched for himself*When he holds a woman's purse, he looks intimidating*He can play Chopin on the drums*Eskimos have seven different words to describe his beard.*Even his nod sounds like a plan*He can steal thunder's thunder*He once ran a marathon because it was on his way*Sasquatch has taken a photograph of him*His small talk has altered foreign policy*He has once parallel parked a train*His two cents is worth $37 and changeSTAY THIRSTY MY FRIENDS!
5	This was my first Yelp event and I had a great time! The location was perfect and it was set up to bring people together. The vendors were awesome. There were so many delicious foods and drinks that it's hard to choose any favorite one. There are some that stick out such as the Brazilian sliders, lettuce wraps, titos, and so many more. The DJ's kept the ambience of a fun Halloween dance party outside and it was great!!! Everyone was so nice and friendly which I really enjoyed. There were a lot of vendors that I had never heard of so it opened the door to new options. I hope to attend another event in the future.
5	what i liked about this was the experience.  you see, a few days prior, nikki reached out to a few of us to help yelpers check in and fill their goodie bags at the event.  i quickly offered to help - it was a no-brainer. manning the yelp station seemed like a great opportunity to meet a bunch of yelpers, and it was.even though we were asked for 15 min of our time, wild horses couldn't keep me away from the yelp station. i mean, not only did i get to chit-chat with sexy mummies, cute kittens, mute bears, frightening demons, and a purple teletubby (there's a story here but NSFW), but drinks were handed to me throughout the night... good lookin' out, magnum pi.  talking about yelp, charlotte, and costumes with yelpers made the time pass quickly, and without thinking about it, the 15 min. melted into an hour.  it was a nice spot to post up and get introduced to a bunch of yelpers that i had met so far only on the website. so yeah, i had a blast.it was whirlwind experience and my memory's in a haze - can't remember all, but here's hoping you picked up some of the yelp swag offered:  chap stick, deck of cards, bike bells*, pens, candy, nail files, glow sticks, and bottle openers.  also, i may or may not have given out one of those decorative mini-pumpkins... one chick looked like a news reporter and i thought it'd be good to impress her on behalf of yelp. she looked all official, ya know.  she even had the word "press" written on an index card stuck onto the side of her hat.  #imasuckerso yeah, wow, our cm, nikki, did it once again.  she threw a tremendous yelp party at the perfect venue and even arranged for perfect weather. no way a scarecrow without brains could pull off such a smashing success.  this is my favorite yelp event... that is, until she just outdoes herself again.  *every time a yelp bike bell rings, a yelper gets elite wings :)dmo got freaky!
5	Great event from start to finish. The venue was a great choice as it really provided a festive and inviting atmosphere. Pair that with amazing weather, awesome vendors, and a showcase of Charlotte DJs and you can pretty much sum up Yelp Gets Freaky At The Factory. Great job Nikki on a flawless event!
5	Thank you for putting this event together Nikki. This was my first Yelp Elite Party/Yelp Event ever. I had so much fun. The staff were so helpful. Hope Beards BECAUSE hit their targeted goal.Awesome venue held at the NC Music Factory. Went all out with live DJ/band. Perfect weather for this outdoor event. The fountain with blood curdling water was cool. Everyone decked out in their costumes. Lots of creative costumes from the Mummy, Ballot Box guy, Big Bang Theory Blonde to the Jelly Fish. Wow... Also saw the Ninja Mutant Turtle, the Pimp in Red, Grimm Reaper, etc... Too many to list. Such a festive evening. Now the fun part is trying all the different cuisine and libations.Street Spice Gourmet Food Truck. Makes me homesick of NYC. The penne pasta heated to perfection. Not easy cooking and preparing meals on the spot outdoors. The Brazilian Churrasco Steak Slider is out of this world. One bite and taste the crispy Plantain with Chimichurri sauce dancing all over the steak. WOW!!! Look forward to making a pit stop at your next location for lunch.The table right next to them is Helen's Kitchen- How can I refuse gourmet cookies. Have a horrible sweet tooth. I was good last night. Perfect holiday stocking stuffers.I had the Chocolate Chip and Toffee for breakfast this morning. LOL...Taco & Tequila Bar Texicali- The corn on the cob with the sauce and spice. Circled bring item back. Buttery and tasty. The meatballs at The Pizza Peel. Eight Sushi Asian Kitchen- Talk about hot stuff. My friend rolled a six on the dice and went for the hottest piece of sushi. At first, all seemed calm, then he stepped back and said he needed to meditate. Who knew so many cool restaurants and many of them located at the NC Music Factory. Got my Lunch, Happy Hour and Dinner figured out.Draught- Talk about pork that melts in your mouth. One bite of that piece of pork just falls right off the bone. The sauce was swimming all over the pork.  Right next to them Pint Central- Pumpkin Beer and a Popper. That hit the spot.Did they say Gumbo? Is it New Orleans? Yes, It's E2 Emeril's Eatery.Libations- Like hardcore liquor after the pumpkin beer sample wanted something stronger.Tito's Handmade Vodka- Apple Cider Spice with Vodka- Tasty and not too sweet. Perfect for the fall even though it's Summer weather here in Charlotte this week.Finally, it was dark and had another event to go to. Missed out on all the other tables, searched for coffee and found Cabo Diablo- Reminds me of Johnny Walker with the amount of proof levels. So Smooth and coffee flavor too.What a memorable event. Great music & display of the eateries and their sumptuous dishes.
5	Surprise, surprise. Another amazing Yelp Event coordinated by Nikki and executed nicely by the NC Music Factory and all the vendors listed! (I need to review these Events earlier so 5 stars is more impactful to you readers...)Nevertheless, a near perfect event with costume, music, and plentiful food and drinks. It was never too crowded as I probably stayed the whole time and the biggest line for a vendor was maybe 3 people deep trying to get the Tito's vodka drink in a nearly full sized cup. My favorite food was probably the Street Spice crabcake sliders and I thoroughly enjoyed the chilled coffee & whipped cream from Boquete Mountain Coffee, especially after burning my mouth with the unforgettable Carolina Reaper pepper sushi from Eight Sushi.Overall, congrats to the Scarecrow for pulling off another excellent event. My only criticism would be how can one handle moonshine, bourbon, and various beer in a small timeframe. Tough to try all three, but I took one for the team.
5	I had so much fun! The samples were great! I was glad I got to try out new beers and food. I definitely discovered new favorites. I love DJ Wiggz so I'm glad he was there. It was cool seeing everyone creative costumes too. Made me feel like I needed to step my game up! Lol
5	The weather Gods must be a fan of Yelper parties and Nikki! The wonderfully warm summer-like weather was the icing on the cake for this fun Halloween bash! In True fashion Nikki did a great job of pulling off this huge event. Beards BeCause Guys were great too- I can't resist a bearded guy!  The goodie bags- what a fun and simple idea. I was running low on my yelp swag and now I'm all stocked up! The music factory really shinned. I hadn't been in a long time and it was nice to see all the restaurants. Street Spice Truck deserves a mention. their sliders, crab cakes and mac & cheese was heavenly. TXC street corn was delish and I'll put you on my list to try. I also really enjoyed Pint Central. Avocado fries... YUM! As far as the drinks went, I enjoyed unknown Brewery as my favorite beer of the night. The music was great and I really enjoyed Tap Snap who stayed busy all night! The yelp team, Poprock and the Music Factory did a wonderful job of starting off my Halloween!
5	Great Early Hallow's Night Out with the yelpers!   Nikki the delightful scarecrow put together a splendid event. As with any yelp event, I was immediately drawn to the food tables.  My first taste turned out to be the best of the evening, which is saying something since everything at the event was top notch.  Spice Streets sliders where out of this world,  I was super impressed with the beef flavoring and the mac and cheese still haunts me to this day (in a good way).    Honorable Mention Goes out to Taco & Tequila Bar Texicali for busting out the churros later in the evening and  Helen's cookies for serving up some bomb toffee crunch cookies. Last thing that is seared in my brain is the awesome games from the BOCO coffee, thanks for bringing Beer(coffee) Pong to a yelp event!The beer choices were good, I finally had a chance to sample D9 Brewing for once. The Full Pour (yes) IPA hit the spot and help get my motor started for some dancing.  The DJ's threw out some bangers, even some nice obscured song call-outs from the olden days of the electro revolution (2008 EKK!) Thanks to the scarecrow and all the great vendors for coming together and putting on a fun filled Tuesday night! (Sorry for the lack of pictures, I was having too much fun!)
5	Really great event. Nikki and crew took advantage of a good space at the NC Music Factory. There was a great mix of food and drink options. My favorite's were the chicken bites wrapped in bacon and the fried avocado from Pint Central. Tito's Vodka had a great drink mixed with apple cider, and the Street Spice food truck was popular for good reason.
5	This was so AH-MAZ-ING!!!  Thank you Nikki for throwing this awesome event!!!  Did you bribe the weather gods to give us perfect weather?  If you did, thanks girl.If you didn't come to this event, you definitely missed out.  I thought the venue was just perfect for us.  It was very spacious, but not too spacious where you feel like the party is dead.  It was great because there was a lot of room for us to move around and people weren't bumping into each other.  Well...I may or may have not accidentally bumped into people while I was waiting in line for food.  I apologize if I bumped you for I was hungry.  Man, were those vendors that our Scarecrow CM got for us awesome!  There were so many that I didn't know what kind of feelings to have.  Of course, I had the feeling of being full.  Job well done!  The DJ's were awesome as well.  Thanks for making me feel like I was back in middle school since Britney Spears' - Crazy was playing.This may seem un-important, but I'm glad that there was a nice bathroom for us to use!  It was further down the hall, but I felt like I was in the Maze Runner movie while walking there, so that added some more cool points to the event.  There were many stalls so I never had to wait in line and it was very clean.  AWESOME!Thank you everyone that stopped by the swag bag booth that checked in to the event on your phone.  If you don't remember, I was the Disney Tourist raving about how cool the huge bouncy balls were.Thank you again Nikki!!!  You're awesome sauce!!!
4	This was my first Yelp event and I thought it was awesome! The vendors were all very friendly and eager to pass out food and drinks. Most of them have coupons or giveaways too. I won a $10 giftcard to check Draught out and a mini bag of yummy roasted coffee beans to try from BOCO coffee.  It was a great way for me to try some places that I haven't tried before. I loved that it was outside at the music factory, it just made it easy to sample treats and meet new people.The only critique I have would be that I wish there were a few more food vendors there.I really can't wait for another event! Even though I'm not "Elite" status yet, going to this Yelp only event made me feel elite! :)
5	Well as this was the only "adult" party I had the pleasure of attending for Halloween, I was really hoping for an incredible time. And as with any elite event really, I wasn't surprised when I got exactly what I wanted!I must admit I was pretty intrigued by this event even before we had the opportunity to RSVP. I knew Nikki had been working pretty hard at coordinating and putting things together, and every time I heard another little update, it made the thought of it more exciting.Once I had the opportunity to RSVP I had two big decisions to make- 1) figure out a costume to wear, and 2) figure out my guest situation. Well from the beginning of October up to the event, there wasn't a spare minute to think, let alone shop for one so the day before I simply defaulted to my previous years costume. Always good.As this was a bigger event and my wife actually started writing a few reviews herself, I figured it'd be good to get her in the rotation. That and we actually knew we had a sitter for our little guy. It ultimately ended up being a good decision, even though I did have to hear her complain she didn't have anything to wear. When we first arrived, we checked in and started up conversation with Beards BeCAUSE. It was great to hear about what they do around the city and their fight on domestic violence. Of course I did forget cash for a donation, but being that we had this event at such great location- NC Music Factory- I was actually able to find an ATM nearby and donate.Once inside, we were bombarded with a plethora of free drinks and food, as well as live entertainment. All of which were pretty fantastic to say the least. Some of my highlight tables were Bird Dog Whiskey, Midnight Moon, D9, e2, and Street Spice. But honestly, all tables/ vendors had incredible samples to offer. Ultimately, the staff and all attendees were great to talk to and hang out with. Nikki- you did a fantastic job coordinating everyone for this, it really was a great group.Amazing photos taken from PopRock! They look great!  Overall, it was absolutely a great time. Of course we didn't stay terribly long being on a Tuesday night, we three hours we were there for were nothing short of an amazing time. I can't say that Wednesday morning at work was a cake walk, but I'd definitely do it again!
5	We had such a great time! What a great location and atmosphere to have a Yelp party- and you could not have asked for better weather! The music was great and we loved everyone in costume.  We really enjoyed all of the vendors and the chance to win some of their give aways. Food: That pumpkin cheesecake from Osso was not only festive- but right on! The crab cake sliders from Street Spice were so so good. Pizza Peel is always a hit, we loved their meatballs. The Mexican street corn from Texicali was amazing! We went back for seconds, and walking into Texicali to use the restroom was a party itself- we are so coming back for salsa night! We also loved the sweet cookies from Helen's Kitchen- what is even more awesome is that they really are from her kitchen!  Drinks: We are always happy to see Titos on a Yelp party vendor list! We especially loved their apple pie drinks. Lenny Boy has some really yummy and organic beer. The Unknown Brewing Co., Draught, amd D9 all offered up some great brews. I found a new favorite when I tried Big Boss Brewing's Harvest Time Pumpkin Ale. Yum, I am going to be enjoying those while they last! Thank you so much Nikki- we had a blast!
5	Another awsome Yelp event!!!
5	Not that it's a real surprise at this point, but Nikki knows how to throw a party.After the summer Yelper Bash went so well, Nikki was determined to throw a second one. And once again she knocked it out of the park.Hosted outside at the NC music Factory, there was plenty of room to wander amongst the vendor tables. And Nikki got some good ones to come out. There were some delicious food and drink options as one worked their way around the perimeter. The photo booths were a ton of fun and it was a great idea to be able to print out pictures on the spot.It was a ton of fun to see everyone decked out in their costumes. There were some really elaborate ones and it would have been fun to see the most creative ones lined up for a picture.The best part was Nikki adding to the adult trick or treat theme with a table full of candy and swag and gift bags to fill up with them. What a great idea. What a great evening.
5	I always have the best time hanging out with the Yelp crew and this night was no different. With an array of food and drinks surrounding the famous fountain, it was destined to be a success. The DJs were on point all night! The vendors on hand were awesome and festive with an array of offerings I cannot wait to try again! The pork wings from Draught were tender and flavorful, the meatballs from the Pizza Peel were oh-so-saucy, and the apple pie cocktails made with Tito's Handmade vodka were absolutely perfect for fall! What made this an even more special night was the costumes. I really enjoyed the eclectic mix and the effort some people really put in. And of course it wouldn't be a Yelp party without a photo section. Only this time there were two! That's always one of my favorite parts. Nikki knows how to put together an awesome shindig. I can't wait to see what she comes up with next!
5	Whoop Whoop!!! What a great party!! So happy to have attended!! I definitely frequented the Tito's table a little too much ;) Tap Snap was a great idea and all the drink & food options we spot on! Can't wait for the next one!
5	First off, big kudo's and thank you to Nikki.  This event was 100% HOMERUN!The weather was perect, the set up was perfect, the vendors were all happy and having a blast.  It is amazing how personable they were, taking their time and proudly explaining their dish.  Since there are 46++++ reviews on this totally fabulous night, I will not go into detail on the food.  I just wanted to drop in and say ----- some of the vendors are former Yelp event host and some are not, some I have heard of, some I have not......  But, this event has made me aware of some totally awesome joints in the Queen City that I would have never known about!!!!!!Thank you Yelp!!!!!   and Nikki :-)
5	I had an amazing time at the Yelp Halloween event, Yelp Gets Freaky. There was a good amount of food and alcohol there. The set-up was perfect. Let me tell you all, Pint and Draught had two of my favorite foods of the night. And now I can say I had the world's hottest hybrid pepper thanks to Eight sushi. It was also nice to see the majority of people dressed up. I cannot wait until the next event! So much fun.
5	SO MUCH AWESOME!! What can I say that hasn't already been said... I'll keep this short and sweet :) Everything was so well planned and executed by our lovely CM, Nikki W. and vendors! The weather was on point to spend a night out at the NC Music Factory noshing and imbibing the night away. My fave... The sliders from Street Spice!! I'll be stalking that food truck soon... Huge shout out to Nikki for putting together this awesome night and all the businesses that came out to dish out their goods!
5	As always, Nikki planned an awesome event. The NC Music Factory was a great venue for this event and all the vendors brought their A-game to make it a delicious and memorable evening. I left the event full and very happy. The Vintage Charlotte photo booth was a blast and I love all the photos from the event. A great party and I look forward to seeing what Nikki cooks up next!
5	Well the Yelp team did it up right once again. Can I say gumbo at e2 yes!!! Titos there again? Yaaaasss and with Granny Smith apple with Grham cracker crust cocktails. I also give a shout out to the DJ's playing. Great music. Especially when it's empire of the sun. I will say the best there with food was the new food truck Street Spice. They deserve a full round of applause. From the crab cake to the mac and cheese. Melt in you mouth. Also saw some great costumes out there. The yelpers are very creative especially the jelly fish. She was my favorite.
5	Late to the reviewing party this was one great event! There were candy, costumes, alcohol, and photo booths. If you didn't have a good time, that's your fault because Nikki set up a great event!I think my favorite part was that it was outside of the NC Music Factory and the weather was perfect. Being a big believer in stranger danger, when places get to crowded I tend to leave. I never felt crowded at this event, which is why we stayed twice as long as we did at the last Yelp Bash. I loved that everyone dressed up, and the creativity of most costumes blew my mind. There were hardly any store bought costumes. One of my favorites being Rainbow Brite, that took me back. The vendors were great and very welcoming. Anytime we get to meet local vendors and try things we haven't ever tried before is fantastic, and there was a lot of that. Most of them chatted about their product very well and answered all of your questions. Being naturally curious, I ask a lot of questions. So again, great job Nikki! Way to go being all ambitious with 2 Yelper Bash's in one year! What? Who does that? You do!
5	So much food and candy.  I loved this Yelp event and getting an opportunity to see everyone dressed up and having a great time.  All of the food was good, but my eyes were opened up to Street Spice (amazing sliders) and Pint Central (great beer, chicken bites, friendly owner).After taking down the food, there were constant visits to the candy bin.  Great event!
5	Who doesn't like the music factory, excellent location,  smooth people,  great selection of vendors. The yelpers are like my 2nd family I've made a few friendship from this event.
4	I am wayyyy behind on reviews and just now getting around to writing my review of this event.... but I figure better late than never! First off, I thought this was a great venue for an event like this and thankfully the weather cooperated - it was a beautiful evening.  My fav drinks & eats from this event were Tito's cocktails, Spice Street's Mac & Cheese, and the avocado fries from Pint Central. It was fun being able to "trick or treat" and fill up goodie bags of candy for a sugar fix at home.  As always, so good to see everyone. Nikki, once again, great job putting together such a fun event!
