5	After getting booted out of our reservations from Diego, we went to Pearl for cuisine with an essence of the Canton and Shanghai provinces.It was a bit more formal than I thought but we were dressed for it.We ordered two different tasting menus and sake. Everyone got to try everything and some left drunk ( i went for the red wine b/c i dont love unfiltered sake or any sake without the bomb!) The food was great and everyone left full and satisfied.They even brought out a tiny desert with a candle for Mister's birthday!
5	This place is absolutely excellent.The Birthday party was saved.....yay!First the Servers and staff was extremely friendly and for a Saturday night we were seated immediately!The ambiance was amazing......all cream and white with red accents with unique lampshades......We tried both of the combination dinner option's which was a little of everything for the sampler at heart:)standouts: shitake mushroom egg rollscrab rollsbeef medallionslemon chicken encrusted with almonds (OMG!!!!!)Lobsterabsolutely delicious!
3	gorgeous restaurant, great service.  5 stars for the food I will not give this place.  PF Chang's is a better choice if you want  expensive Chinese (even PFC is only a 4 star).  we ordered the pre-fixed menu YUK!!!  the only good thing was the vegetable dish and the spare ribs!!!YUK!!! lemon chix encrusted with almonds. OMG is right, but OMG gross!  this is just an average chinese restaurant.OVERPRICED! OVERPRICED!  OVERPRICED!  not worth paying over $100 for a party of 2.
5	(Honestly this restaurant was probably a four and a half stars, but in the spirit of my round-up policy and the amazing service, I'll give it five)Moral of the story: if there's a tasting menu available, it's pretty much always worth taking.  It usually means a little extra money, but I can't think of a time I regretted it!  It's like getting the best of the restaurant perfectly apportioned to equal a meal.  Pearl was no exception.We started with a set of delicious finger food, including chicken-lettuce wraps, a barbecued pork rib, spring rolls and some of the best dumplings I've ever had.  We then received shrimp chowder, and the main course was truly delicious, prawns and steak served with vegetables, fried rice and vegetables.  Yuuuum.  The restaurant went with a non-traditional Chinese dessert - dense chocolate cake served with ice cream and raspberries.  (In my opinion not a bad choice -- I'll pass on that red bean soup, thanks)  All-in-all, each course sumptuous while not being overwhelming--Pearl's tasting menu is an amazing meal to have before a Las Vegas night out on the town!
5	I agree with Stephanie T. on this review. It was a 4.5 for me only because I have to say that I have eaten about a ton of Chinese food throughout my lifetime and I've probably had better in Chinatown.With that said... order the Chef Tasting Menu. It is a bit more.. but if you are like me and have had Chinese food in China then you'll be cravin' a challenge and a twist to the Asian taste.The selections on our tasting menu were absolutely delicious. There were about 6 courses that included a chicken lettuce wrap, dumplings and spare ribs, crab fried rice, egg drop soup, beef tenderloin (MY FAV) and a selection of desserts.The atmosphere was ultra chic but oddly cozy. A must try (at least once) if you are ever in the area!
3	People are deluding themselves if they think this is authentic Chinese food.  For the most part, it's really Westernized (not to mention overpriced) -- and personally, if I wanted to have Westernized Chinese food, I'd rather go to P.F. Chang's.I did enjoy the shark fin soup and the desserts (which were completely non-Asian).  The service was also excellent.
4	I paid $18 for beef chow fun and my buddy paid $13 for veggie chow mein. Besides being overpriced, the food was good and the service was consistent. If you want "real" Chinese food in Vegas, take a cab off the strip.
4	i really liked pearl.  the service was really great.  i can't speak for whether or not it's "authentic" chinese food.  people always have an opinion as to what's "authentic."  i've read that authentic chinese food really doesn't include much meat at all just pork shavings, because many chinese farmers couldn't afford enough meat to serve as the main dish.  anyhow...the decor and atmosphere was awesome.  i wish people would dress appropriately though.  it is a fine dining restaurant.  awesome coctails!
5	This is without a doubt in my mind the nicest Chinese restaurant in Vegas.  It's a stunning restaurant with a rich menu and everything is perfectly seasoned and balanced.  The pace of the meal is perfect and the service is top notch.  The ingredients are super high quality and stand out in every dish.  We had the dumplings, hot &  sour soup, the Macademia nut Kung Pao Chicken, and the Lemon-Almond chicken.  Everything was exceptional.
2	"Overpriced" is the most accurate description of this place. If you have a taste for good, authentic Chinese food, your best bet is to skip Pearl.The Kung Pao had no "pow," the Mongolian Beef was bland, and the $9 hot and sour soup was good, but that's not good enough for a small bowl of soup that cost $9.The only points I can give this place is for its ambiance and large wine list. But for the food, keep walking. Better yet, take a cab to a real restaurant off the strip.
5	5 stars for naming their restaurant after me.That was sweet of them. =D
5	Excellent restaurant! Great food, great service, and the ambiance was great. Not too loud, not too quiet. The beef is amazing - quite possibly the best I have ever had.  The only downfall I would have to say is the price, quite expensive.
2	If money was no object and you were flashing Benjamin's like it was your job, Pearl would be an excellent place for mediocre Chinese food with so-so atmosphere.   Their only saving grace was the service which I thought was excellent.  Granted, we ordered lobster, fish, and clams, but it tasted like something you'd find at your neighborhood Chinese restaurant and to top it off, the tab for only 6 people came out to almost $1,000!!!  Are you freaking kidding me?  I can understand if you were at a top-notch, authentic Chinese restaurant and you had shark's fin soup, abalone, lobtser, etc. (I mean the works)... you would still end up paying like $500 tops for a table of 10.The quality of the food was definitely not commensurate with what we paid.   Really dissappointed :(
4	When I would come to vegas as a tourist and stay at MGM.. this was my spot. I probably ate here 5-6x over the years and was always very pleased. Everyone keeps commenting on how pricey the place is, but if I recall, dinner for 2 was usually around $100. I feel like for Vegas, that's normal but apparently I have a screwed up sense of reality maybe?Favorites include Spider Prawn Dumplings, Dim Sum platter, DUngeness Crab and Sweet corn soup, and many of the beef dishes. Yes, it's an upscale PF Changs. No it's not authentic! This is nice "gourmet" chinese food in a trendy modern environment. Service is typically excellent and the quality of food is great. I love it because it's a *nice* place to have dinner in Vegas without completely breaking the bank. A great date spot or good for groups too. It's nice inside but it's not overly loud and you don't feel like you're eating in a nightclub.
1	Very pricy for what you get, the food was good, although the restaurant around the corner from my house is as good if not better.  We sat at our table for 30 mins before our order was taken.  When we did get our food they forgot a few of the entrees.  Overall the service was sub par at best, ehich for the price I would expect an overall much better experience.
2	I went to Pearl this past weekend with 3 of my girlfriends.  We were looking for a restaurant that didn't have a long wait since we were hungry.  We learned a valuable lesson:  this is not the way to chose a restaurant!  The reason why there was no wait here was because the overpriced food isn't all that great!I only gave this restaurant 2 stars because the food is the same quality if not less than the typical Chinese restaurant close to home, except you pay 5 times more!  We got the group special, which included 2 appetizers and 3 main entrees for $49/person.  No dessert.  That's reason enough not to get this group dinner.  Secondly, the fried rice that came as an entree was exactly the same as I would make it at home express style.  Meaning, rice, a bit of soy sauce, and throw in some frozen peas/carrots/etc. and ta DA!  NOT impressed.  The only thing I thought was up to par was the almond chicken, which had a sweet & sour type of sauce under sliced chicken coated with crunchy almonds.  The rest of the dishes were mediocre, at best.The highlight of my dinner here was that a table of gentlemen across the room bought my girlfriends and I a round of cocktails.  That's how memorable this place was if this is the highlight of my night!  The atmosphere was pretty posh, as with most fancy restaurants in Vegas, and the service was excellent, both of which are the reasons why I gave this rating so many stars.  But overall, I would say PASS on this restaurant unless you have lots of money to spend on so-so quality Chinese food.  for the excellent service and wait time.  Not sure if this is typical for a Saturday night around 830/9pm, but they immediately seated us.  I
4	Here last Monday and we went in as MGM are doing these tasting menus, are menu consisted of hot and sour soup, general tsao chicken, tenderlion beef in pepper, spiney lobster and raspberry chocolate cake with gold leaf. Very cool waiter didnt get his name but really funny kept telling me to lick in inside of the lobster shell as it was the best bit! stunning decor and very great food give it a try. x
4	I went here for dinner with my boyfriend on a Thursday evening. We were promptly seated and given our menus. We ordered the almond crusted lemon chicken and a beef with noodles dish (I can't remember the name of it). The food took a while to get to us, but it was absolutely delicious. The beef was very fragrant--as soon as the waiter placed the dish on our table, we could smell it! The almond crusted lemon chicken was to die for! It almost reminded me of some kind of amazing fried chicken with a sweet lemon sauce. (I could quite possibly eat this food every day.) I knocked off a star for two reasons. One, the food is kind of expensive considering the amount you get. I realize its good quality, but still. Second, service was painfully slow. We expected to be in there 45 minutes and ended up having an hour and a half visit. We were supposed to be at our show at a certain time, so we got very pissed off at how long they were taking to give us our check. Other than that, the place was wonderful and I could see going there again. This place would be great for a romantic meal.
4	I went here with my boyfriend and his family for his birthday-June '08. Good food as expected but damn...hella expensive! Peppered Crispy Shrimp for $26? Dessert was very yummy! I forgot exactly  what I ordered but it was chocolate and again-yummy!If your looking to splurge for Chinese food...this is the place to go.
3	before i go into the food, i have to say that this place is WAY overpriced. normally i dont gripe about the price of food toooo much, but i really think that the food here isnt SUPER awesome enough to warrant the $5.50 per dim sum dish. i mean, the dim sum here is decent, but not THAT good to be charging those kind of prices. after we ordered, we also added two more dishes, one of which did not show up - they forgot about it. however, it IS nice and quiet inside, with comfortable round pillows and tea they keep hot over a candle.
3	It was what I thought it would be, except the food was better. Definitely not authentic Chinese, but authentic enough. The hot and sour soup (usually my barometer) was good...sour enough, and hot enough, although for $9.00 PER BOWL it was overpriced. But heck, this is the MGM Grand, and basically, everything from top to bottom was overpriced. Thank god for those slot machines where you can choose one, two, three, or four cents. Had the orange peel beef, and the moo shu also. Plus the shrimp and pork fried rice (now THAT was overpriced...$17 for a plate of rice with like three tiny shrimp, and like five tiny pieces of pork). Nice ambience, good meal, just prepare to fork over a ton of money.
3	The food was tasty here at this Americanized Chinese restaurant, located right next to the gaming area.  It was lunch though, and it was surprisingly empty.  The interior was nice but a little on the plain side.The service was good and quick.  And the prices weren't too bad.  I could even go 3.5 stars on this one.
3	Ate here with my little brother this past summer while my parents checked out some seafood buffet at another hotel. Somehow he managed to get all the crap genes in the family and they thought it'd be a waste to bring a seven year old (who's also severely allergic to seafood) to a $50+ seafood buffet. Wait was substantial. Atmosphere was cozy, Pearl turned out to be smaller than I expected. If I remember correctly they served sushi, but it was labeled as a Chinese restaurant. Whatever. Our waitress was nice and apologetic when I had to send my brother's plate of ribs back. They were sprinkled in peanuts. Something else he's deathly allergic too. If I had been twenty-one at the time and sitting with some cute guy instead of my little brother who kept insisting on using his chopsticks as part of some impromptu drum set, I'm sure this review would have been more interesting. Definitely a cute little place to take a date.
5	Been to Vegas 7 times n each time ive stayed at a new casino and the different things each has to offer. this past week was the time to try out the MGM. After some last minute dinner decision making i chose Pearl. Hands down best chinese Ive been to in LV. Heres why:Service was on point, very attentive but not too smothering Appearance was very nice, dimly lit clean with some characteristics of a traditional chinese restaurant Id find out here in the city. Food was AMAZING! Dim sum sampler was fantastic but a tiny bit greasy (im just spoiled with the hundreds of dim sum places nearby my house so with these ive become picky)The BBQ Spareribs were perfectThe almond lemon chicken was amazing, buuuuutthe highlight of everything was the black peppered tenderloin dammmmnnOrdered 'medium well', these 4 perfectly cooked steaks were presented beautifully and were worthy of being served at the nearby more expensive 60 dollar plate 'craftsteak' . If you ever go to the MGM and want to check out somewhere for dinner... Pearl is the place. I tend not to go to the same place twice while im in vegas b/c i want to try as many places as possible with the overload of choices, but with Pearl, im def.  going to make an exception Forget the haters on yelp who whine about the littlest details. This place is pretty cheap for a Major casino dinner spot and has great food. 5 stars. fast
2	Besides my waiter treating me like an idiot my experience was okay.. possibly from the drinks?Me and my friends had 2 tasting menus, the cod, the dim sum sampler, and 3 hot and sour soups.tasting menu; blah, the lobster sauce wasn't good at all though, the filet was cooked well, and the general tao was like it came from a mall food court.hot and sour soup: pretty good... but i was starving and it was the first thing I ate all daydim sum sampler: do not order. it's 3 little dumplings, maybe even frozen?the cod was pretty good.. but i've never had a bad miso cod..overall I wouldn't go again, a waste of money for what you get. i might as well have gone to panda express. the ambiance was nice though.
4	I guess that I am that American that the Pearl is designed to cater to.I am not familiar with the nuances of authentic chinese cusine ..... and to my taste the food at the Pearl was supurb.Thinking I would try the summer tasting menu that included the spiney lobster tail,  I quickly changed to Chef Yau's tasting menu once I looked over the menu.The tasting menu included prawn dumpling and minced chicken in lettuce wrap to get the meal off to a terrific start. The main course was a wok - fried beef tenderloin with scallops. The scallops were in a sauce that was just amazing - it made the shellfish just melt in your mouth.I do not know how it could have been prepared better.The only odd feature of the meal was that the tasting menu listed a variety of "french" pasteries for dessert.The cake was the same one provided to the summer tasting menu ...It just seemed odd after such a wonderful meal featuring so many flavorful chinese dishes.The service was excellent. All your needs are attended to quickly.An excellent wine list is available.The decor is "traditional MGM" dining.An excellent dinner ......well worth returning to enjoy again.
5	We didn't have reservations, and we weren't very dressed up, but the service at this 4-diamond rated restaurant could not have been better.  The atmosphere is understated; very refined. The staff was attentive & friendly, without being overbearing.  All of the food we ordered tasted fresh & was cooked perfectly.  I highly recommend the dungeoness crab spring rolls as a starter - delicious!  I had the Quick-Fried Shrimp and Scallops with Celery and XO Sauce as an entree. The XO sauce was light, and just spicy "enough" to compliment the shrimp & scallops.
5	Recently went to Vegas on vacation with my roommate. While most of our time was spent in the casinos and lounging poolside, we did take some time to enjoy some of the most amazing food in Vegas. Though I'm not a huge fan of chinese food, Pearl was one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.The food: Absolutely amazing. We split a chef's tasting menu as well as an additional entree (thankfully, they didn't charge shared plate fees), which was great in itself because normally if one person gets the tasting menu, your whole table is in. Every single item that came to our table was top notch. Even the water tasted better! If I didn't know better, I'd say they were drugging us to like the food. The chocolate lava raspberry something kind of cake with gold garnishment at the top was to die for. I was extremely stuffed at the end of the meal, but I would've napped and eaten dinner #2 there if the restaurant wasn't closing for the evening.The Service: Some of the most attentive staff I've ever experienced. I've been in top restaurants where the servers are over-the-top attentive, practically feeding you your food and never leaving your side. I'm not a fan of that level of service, but Pearl was the perfect balance; allowing you to converse with your dinner group while still always having full drinks and plates cleared. The Bill: Was a little pricey, but worth every dime. I think we had two drinks each, a shared appetizer, the tasting platter and entree, and shared dessert, and it cost us about $100 each. If I lived in Vegas, I'd go broke dining at Pearl- but it would be totally worth it.
4	Food is exquisitely seasoned and they use good quality, fresh ingredients. I like it very spicy but too much spice can kill the real flavor. We ordered two entrees and an appetizer. The food seemed a bit small at first, but in reality, it was the perfect portion size for two people. Any more and I would have overeaten and felt as such. And don't we Americans have a distorted sense of portion, anyway? Lots of Chinese people in this restaurant dining with their families means this place MUST be good!
5	After our not so great experience at Shibuya, the following evening we decided to try Pearl. Thankfully our experience was a lot better (and cheaper, ironically).We went with the fixed menu for $49 and were not disappointed.We will definitely be eating here again the next time we are at the MGM.
2	OH nay, fancy chinese food=not cool.Where's the fatty stuff? Why is the service super dee duper slow?This place was nice but when I envision chinese food, I see cheap, "unhealthy", just throw it in oil- food. I expect food to come out five minutes after you order it. HOT and FRESH and DRIPPIING IN FLAVOr. This place wasnt it. SO AMERICANIZED. When I eat chinese I expect to get 6 entrees for, eh, 60-80 bucks. For 60-80 bucks here, I go two entress that didn't even fill me up. And whats up with all the healthy american ish? No skin on your chicken? ---- not authentic chinese.But the employees were on point. I guess.
3	Solid upscale Chinese restaurant for a group of people as the dishes are meant to be shared family style. Only warning is to be prepared for a hefty bill. Food = 4 ; Price = 3Beautiful dining room and catering service when I hosted a group of 10. Dishes that the group really enjoyed:*Wok Fried Shrimp with Szechuan Chili Sauce*Crispy Garlic Chicken*Wok Charred Mongolian Beef*Fried rice with Bar-b-que Pork & ShrimpAgain a great restaurant to celebrate a special occasion, but only reason I did not give 4 stars is I feel the price for the dishes was inflated by being inside the MGM Hotel.
4	Atmosphere- not too crowded for a friday night.Food: all dishes were delicious!honey walnut shrimps with fruits were the best! the portions were generous! We ate this all! love love love!beef dish- flavorful and tendervegetable dish- fresh crunchy veggiesrice- normalService: waitress didn't look friendly. We were seated right away at a nice table and the food came fast.pretty expensive place but food was awesome! Bill was about $66 per person. I would come back if i save more money haha.
1	This restaurant was the worst part of my vegas trip. I'd expected some high quality Chinese food but instead I ended up having Panda Express like food for $$$$ price. 1) They charge $8 for bottled water; No wonder they didn't even tell me about regular water option and kept asking me if I want more bottled water. 2) Wanting to try some of the chef's special, I ordered two of their spring tasting menu which is $50/person. Their food serving timing was way off. After having the starter, corn soup, my party had to wait 10 min to get the next entry. The main dish was one small lobster and pieces of beef and chicken lined up on one big plate. The lobster and beef was decent, but the chicken was comparable to the orange chicken from Panda Express.The dessert was good though. With two glasses of wine which is $10/person and tips, the final bill was $150 for two people. My girlfriend even said we should tell them their food sucks. In summary, I recommend you to opt for other better restaurants in Vegas or just get decent priced entries since this restaurant is no special.
4	I love this place... but if I ever had to pay myself I would skip it.Tagged along with one of my high school friends and her high-rolling family, and... wow. They're regulars whenever they're in Vegas and get superb service & food.  We dined there twice when we stayed at the MGM Grand.It was a bit overwhelming for me... I mean look at my other reviews, I DEFINITELY I do happy hour and use student discounts ;)I suspect they ordered "off-menu", because the dishes were more authentic and traditional and my friend's parents did not need menus. Really, there were dishes that you would get at a great Chinese restaurant in Monterey Park or Irvine. Some stand out dishes:The starter soup was savory, the broth flavorful but not overwhelming, highlighted with vegetables and occasional chunks of beef.The whole cod was delicious, an abundance of fresh cilantro and green onions on top of the fish's flesh, and enough hot oil ladled on top to flavor the whole dish, but not so much to make it greasy.A claypot was served with fish and mushrooms in a light sauce. The mushrooms were hearty and the fish was delicate and flaked, the two contrasting textures brought together by the brown sauce it was cooked in.Braised pork belly was SOOO good. Melt-in-your-mouth pork buried under  herbs, spices, and I believe steeped in tea. Extremely flavorful! My favorite dish by far, and it was one of the simplest. Something you indulge in sparingly, but hey, you're in vegas, right?I dined with my friend's family in the back rooms, and we took up a large table seating over a dozen people. The area was still decorated nicely like the rest of the restaurant, but just the sizes and energy of the parties changed the atmosphere, as if I was in a Chinese neighborhood restaurants with pink tablecloth and cheap off-white chopsticks. I wouldn't be able to say the same for the front rooms. Vegas prices, but with a more relaxed crowd.
4	Dined here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. I mean with all the choices in Vegas... going to the same restaurant two times has to mean something. It was our first meal and our last and both times were great.Service is superb. The only downside is the cost... but it is Vegas folks, everything is expensive.
4	Great food, good service. I love it here. I go with my co-workers and think it is some of the best Chinese around. A little pricey, but we found the portion sizes were big, so we share a few plates and it works out perfect.The first time I went we both ordered our own plates and found it was WAY to much food!Tried a few things on the menu and never got any bad food!As stated a little pricey.
5	Probably my favorite Chinese place. Went here on my birthday recently, and loved it.We got the dumplings and pork ribs for appetizers, then the pork fried rice and mongolian beef for entrees. Everything was great, especially the dumplings and pork. Really, the pork is the star here, and you need to get it in one form or another.The ambiance is fancy, so the price reflects that. Yeah, you can probably get 75% of the quality for 60% of the cost elsewhere, but hey, you're in Vegas. And truth be told, the bill is pretty reasonable compared to other fine dining options in town.Service is absolutely impeccable, by the way. Very attentive but they don't smother you at all.
2	Their service is comparable to the local hole in the wall, and my local Chinese place has better tasting food (MSG anyone?). I truly felt like I was in main land China since, none of their staff members spoke English properly (except for the hostess). Overall the food was mediocre, though the spare ribs were pretty good but the services and food were overly priced. It would have been nice to have a full bar instead of being told that we should go across the hall to Emeril's ...
2	We stopped into Pearl while staying at the MGM this Fall. I selected it because of the surf-and-turf prix fixe dinner. All four of us had this, and everyone liked it pretty well. I was probably the least impressed. I didn't like the fillet all cut up and coated in teriyaki sauce, and the tempura lobster wasn't as good as regular butter and garlic steamed lobster. Also, the fried rice -- with peas even -- just didn't go with the gourmet feel of the place. We had good service and a very good Malbec. The dessert was a fantastic, but miniature, chocolate-raspberry pot de creme kind of thing. The price and atmosphere were right, but I was just not wild about the food.
4	2nd time back here for dinner. We got the same waitress as last time haha. The servers are very professional, they don't kid around with you and they look serious. It's always slow here. Maybe because the prices are on the higher side. But food is very good. I got the $33 walnut shrimp plate again. I had it last time and it totally blew me away. I just had to get it again. The plate was huge. I also ordered a bowl of corn chowder. Yum. The saucy beef tenderloin chow fun wasn't bad either, a bit on salty side.We got a nice small table this time since it was just me and my handsome date. =) It was a romantic and quiet setting. Nice decorations.
4	A group of my Arbonne sisters and I came to Pearl on a Wednesday evening after a busy day of conferencing. Learning can make you hungry! The venue is very beautiful and surprisingly small (unless there is some secret back room I did not see). I immediately noticed that the menu looked very Americanized, so while the other girls were selecting familiar "safe" items that they have had before at other Chinese restaurants, I asked our waiter two questions; what is your favorite menu item, and what is the most authentic Chinese dish? He pointed out the Black Pepper Tenderloin and the Scallops as his favorite dishes and the Braised Pork and Preserved Vegetables as the most authentic Chinese. I placed an order of Singapore Noodles for the table (one of my FAVORITE dishes) and with out hesitation, I went for the Braised Pork and Preserved Vegetables. Our waiter warned me that the dish was pretty "fatty" but I was OK with that because I know that where there is fat, there is flavor! All dishes ordered looked beautiful on our plates, and service was friendly, attentive and prompt. Everyone enjoyed their meal immensely, and I turned some of the girls into Singapore Noodle fans. I love making people step out of their easy and safe dining boxes! As for my Braised Pork and Preserved Vegetables. YUUUUUUUMMMMMM! I was very impressed. The vegetables had an expected bitty vinegar-ness to them and the meat was EXTREMELY tender and flavorful. The slices were kind of thick so I was worried about eating them with a chopstick, but the meat was so tender that it fell apart in my mount and was not difficult to eat. I definitely recommend this dish, but as the waiter stated, be warned that it is fatty so don't order if you don't mind it. Thank you Pearl for a wonderful meal!
2	I live in the Bay Area and eat a lot of Chinese food, so maybe I'm biased but I thought Pearl was really disappointing. My fiancee and I spent over $300 and the food was just not great. We ordered the Chef Yau's Tasting Menu. The spide prawn dumplings were the best thing we had. The minced chicken in lettuce cups was bland. The spare rib was really tough. The chowder was also bland. I expected a better cut of meat with the XO sauce and the stir fried vegetables came out of the kitchen cold. It was pretty basic Chinese, nothing advanced or inventive and it was sloppily executed. I would recommend you spend little more and go to craftsteak or Joel Robuchon.
4	Had a lovely dinner at the Pearl.  My friends and I ordered the $49 pre-set option.  My meal consisted ot hot/sour soup, General Tso's chicken, beef tenderloin, fried vegetable rice, and a raspberry chocolate cake.  I loved it all, except I was not too crazy about the hot and sour soup.  A bit too salty, and a bit too thick.  But as a whole, the meal was nice.  I tried one of their custom cocktails called "Beautiful," and am glad I made that choice.  It was a nice refreshing cocktail with fresh strawberries.  The restaurant's decor was very clean and minimalist, the focus is definitely on the food here.  I would consider dining here again on a future Las Vegas trip.
5	One of my favorite restaurants In Vegas! Definitely come here with an appetite. Good size portions. Great tasting food.
3	The bf and I both had the tasting menu. The soups were disappointing. I had the sweet corn and boy had the hot and sour. I was super excited for my soup and it tasted like nothing. Literally, nothing. I could barely taste the corn. I then tried my boy's soup and it was too sour for me.The main course was alright. It was beef, chicken, and lobster. The beef was very tender but like another reviewer said, it's covered in teriyaki sauce. Paired with the other items, this ended up being too sweet for me. I actually preferred the chicken more. How can I ever have Panda Express Orange Chicken after having this stuff? And you know you love Panda's Orange Chicken!!! Anywho, Pearl made their chicken mm mm good. I can't say much about the lobster since I rarely eat it. All I know is that the bf said that it wasn't high quality and he was disappointed in the lobster.*I forgot to mention that their fried rice was the best I have ever had! Rice cooked to perfection with baby broccoli and other vegetables I didn't care about. Baby broccoli! Woo! The dessert was a tiny chocolate raspberry cake and it sure hit the spot. I didn't *love* it, but it was good. Good service, could be better but no real complaints. I will say that at the end of a long filled gambling Vegas day there is nothing like a cozy romantic dinner with your partner in crime to smooth over a spanking at the tables. We were seated at a booth and while they were super comfy, my baby was like 4 feet across from me. I felt like we were in the Grand Canyon of booths. So if you are looking for a romantic dinner out, go somewhere else. I think it's a good place for groups though.I enjoyed my dinner there but probably won't go back if it were up to me.
3	Beautiful restaurant, unspectacular food, absolutely not worth the price tag.Ok, I get it.  Vegas is expensive.  Sure, fine, no problem, I can deal with it; so long as I'm getting something great for my money.  The problem with Pearl, is that I wasn't amazed, impressed, or surprised by anything.Came with my wife and her sister.  We ordered spring rolls, dumpling sampler, and minced shrimp (lettuce wraps) for apps.  Spring rolls were good, but basic.  Dumplings were good, but there were only 3 of them.  3?  Really?  Isn't it like $10 for those 3 dumplings?  The shrimp lettuce wraps were good, but i was surprised they came with iceberg lettuce and not bib, or something a little nicer.  Again, this is supposed to be high end stuff, isn't it?We ordered 3 entree's and shared.  Some sort of shrimp and some sort of chicken, can't ever remember names or specifics because they were boring.  Paid $25-$30 each, same stuff could be got at PF Chang's for $12-$15 and twice the amount of food.  Ordered the one duck entree on the menu and was informed that it was a cold dish and more of an appetizer style, server offered to make an off menu hot duck dish; this ended up as the one highlight out of the entrees.Split some cheesecake for dessert, above average.The restaurant is beautiful.  The service is fantastic.  But the food falls a bit short.  The simple fact is; this is Vegas, one of the highest concentrations of high end dining in the world.  Several of the best dishes I have ever eaten were had in this town; but none of them at Pearl, not even close.
4	Great food and atmoshere.  A very quiet restaurant in the MGM GRAND.  Because it's at the MGM...that's why it didn't get 5 stars.  (a bit far off the strip and taxi service and parking is terrible there)  Food, service and ambience excellent.  Highly recommend if you near that area and need a nice romantic or quiet place to eat Chinese Modern style food.
4	Overall, this place was very good. It wasn't packed on a Tuesday night. Service was quick. We had the ribs and the prawn dumplings as appetizers. The ribs were okay at best, but the dumplings were great. For dinner we had the Mongolian beef, shrimp and scallops, peppercorn tenderloin, lo mein, and broccoli. Everything was really good. The oyster sauce on the broccoli was a little salty but still good. We were happy with everything overall and would go again.
4	This is me and my family's favorite place to eat whenever we go to Vegas. Located inside MGM, which is where my family and I usually stay at. The place is an upscale Chinese restaurant and service here is really good and the food is amazing also. They have really great, fresh tasting Chinese cuisine and the thing to get here is the Peking Duck!!! I love Peking duck and this place hands down has the best Peking duck that i have ever had. The carve the duck table side and serve it with this thin rice paper...almost like a crepe. Different than other typical Chinese restaurants. So if you are ever in the mood for nice and upscale Chinese food this is the place to go. Make sure you make reservations though because this place gets really packed especially on weekends.
5	Simply an outstanding dinner. While staying at the Four Seasons we requested a reservation at a good Chinese restaurant. Of the 3 suggestions this one really sounded the best-- and it was. Seating is not overly crowded so you can actually hear a conversation. In addition, the place is located off the casino so you are away from the noise.  We started with the mushroom egg rolls and the moo shoo chicken both exceptional. The egg rolls were thins and crispy with intense flavor and not greasy while the chicken was served in a thin pancake with a robust chicken filling. The sweet and sour soup had a wonderfully playful flavor while the corn soup tasted as fresh as corn on the cob!  Our entrees were the best-- general tsao chicken which was light and overly breaded but all white meat. Incredible. The Kung pao chicken with macadamia nuts packed flavor and a punch at the end.  We asked for it to be spicy and it was but not overpowering. The eggplant was nice but seemed bland compared to the other dishes. By this point we had really had enough so it could have been us. Overall, an excellent choice.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner here last night.  The decor is beautiful, the flowers are impressive, the service was impeccable and the food was delicious.  I highly recommend the wok charred Mongolian beef...yummy!
5	I wish this was a place close to my house. It was so so so so so so so soooooooo good. I had the tasting menu and was not disappointed. Wok fried lobster? OK! Delicious General Tso chicken? YES!!!! Pepper steak bits from heaven? MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM MMMMMM MMMMMMMMMM OH and that little raspberry chocolate cake was sooo good. I wish my tummy was bigger and I could fit more food in it. Service was great too.
3	Beautiful decor. My husband and I came in for dinner before a show, and are in our mid to late 20s. I felt like 16 year olds being judged, like we were not good enough to be there, the way they looked at us. We got the family meal, $50 each, plus bottled water, $9. So..... You see where I am going with this.... Food was good. I've had better on Vegas, but overall, still good.
2	What?!?!? Are you kidding me? More than $200 in Chinese food for three people? What a joke!  This was definitely not worth it.  Take it from me, I live in the SF Bay Area- I should know good Chinese food, this place is not good. The service was okay. The food was definitely meh.  And the price, give me a f-----g break.  I thought you were supposed to lose your money on the gambling tables...in this case you lose it at the Pearl table.  Dont bother.
4	Shocker, a delicious place to eat inside the MGM Grand.Here's a quick delectable run down. I split egg rolls with my friends, a perfect little snack to get me in the mood for some spectacular General Tso's chicken. Just enough kick and it was a huge portion. You could probably split one and a side of rice between two people. Nice vibe on the whole, I enjoyed it here.
5	The food and service here were very good. I've been eating chinese food since I was 11 and this was one of the best meals chinese or otherwise i've ever eaten. The service is great, I noticed some negative reviews saying all the people that work here barely speak english. I think that would be a good thing since it is a CHINESE restaurant. Most other negative reviews cite that its sooo expensive. Did they mention this place is in the middle of the MGM grand in Las Vegas the freaking McDonald's is expensive in there. One last negative review said the food wasn't greasy enough lol. Well, anyway I had the tasting menu that is for a minimum of 2 people for $50 per person which I split with a friend. The starters were a barbecue spare rib and a spring roll. The dinner was almond crusted chicken, fried rice, steamed vegetables, and mongolian beef. I would give the spare rib and the mongolian beef a 4 out of 5, and everything else a 5. One of my other friends ordered the general tsos chicken. Which IMO was the best meal of the night. It wasn't super greasy like usual it was almost light and the sauce was great. Bottom line if you're in Vegas and don't want to spend money on food good luck. If you're ok with spending $50 for a good portion of awesome food this is your place.
2	Overpriced Chinese food.The claypot with Seabass was AMAZING!  The best part of our food experience was this dish.  However, I also got a shredded pork with vegetables and an appetizer of Dimsum that was very good (4of5?).  The meal was about $115 and we had two bottles of WATER.Overpriced for an okay experience.  If it wasn't for the seabass in claypot meal, this would have been a complete waste.
4	Had the prix fixe menu featuring Hot & Sour Soup, pepper steak, General Tso Chicken and a lobster tail done "Chinese Style" with Raspberry Chocolate Cake for dessert. YUM! I could totally make a meal on the Hot & Sour Soup and Chicken alone! BEST General Tso Chicken I have ever had. Tender chicken and the sauce was the boss. The lobster tail was perfectly done and had a different taste to it which was some sauce they had put on top. Steak was better than average, but the other items outshined it. Dessert was great as well. Not pleased with Martinis... had 4 different ones between 2 of us and didn't like any of them. Went with the Sapporo. Dinner was $49 per person plus drinks and tip. Would return, but when I'm in Vegas, there are TOO many different restaurants there to go to the same one twice unless it absolutely rocks.  Tasty, but not memorable..
2	Service was okay. Nothing special. Tasted like standard take-out. Not impressed.
2	Wasn't impressed. It is very pricy for mediocre quality. Don't recommend the prix fix family style. The portions are very small
3	Not too good, but not good bad either, it is not cheap, but it is not extremely pricey either. The portions are smaller than usual Chinese restaurants.I think it is kind of unnecessary to compare this Canton and Shanghai Chinese cuisine to most of Chinese restaurants. This restaurant is in MGM Grand hotel, they can't have very authentic Chinese food here, because there is not too many Non Chinese people like real Chinese food. The seating and decor is comfy and classic. The food is fairly delicious for Americanized Chinese food. I recommend simple dishes like hot and sour soup, Macadamia Nut Kang Pao Chicken, Honey-Glazed Barbecued Spare Ribs, Fire-roasted Mongolian Beef, Wok-Fried Shrimp with Szechuan Chili Sauce. Skip live seafood, they are obviously over priced at a hotel restaurant, you can get better taste for the similar dishes at any regular Chinese restaurant. Not a bad place for a casual lunch or dinner, the bill is from $70-100 if you don't order live seafood dishes. $100 plus with alcohol beverages.
4	Came during lunch and just like any other establishment, it was a long wait for the restaurant. Yes, it's pricey, but think of the casino that you're in. The food is good and fresh. They are accommodating and can make your food vegan if you specify what to put in and not put in.
1	Overpriced, underwhelming experience and atmosphere.  Even the soup took over 30 minutes to arrive after ordering.  Over an hour for the food and there was a total of 4 tables seated in the entire restaurant.  Don't believe the fancy 4 diamond awards at the door, Pearl does not deserve them!
3	Upscale Chinese food.  Pretty delicious, but when you think about what it is...well, it's pretty $$ for chinese.--Dungeness Crab Spring rolls:  Meh...not enough crab, kind of bland.--Lo Mein with BBQ pork:  Fabulous.  But $20 for some noodles and pork, it better be.--Kobi beef fried rice:  Pretty good, but ground kobi sort of loses it's luster.  I know it's supposed to be "the best", but when you grind it up, it almost tastes the same as regular ground chuck.  ALMOST.  --Wok-Charred Mongolian beef:  Pretty good, but the texture was a little weird.  Kind of on the soft/slimey side.  It's a good hangover place cuz of all the carbs and salt, but you could also go to something in the foodcourt and eat just as well for 1/3 the price.
3	12 dollars for fried rice?!(Dang, there better be shaved 100 black truffle casino chips mixed in there).I concur with all the other reviewers here.  It is expensive for what you get.I would take hole in the wall chinese food over white table cloth chinese food any day of the week but location wise however, they really got you since there aren't that many other chinese/asian food options nearby.  (The northern side of the strip near the Venetian and any of the Wynn properties will give you more options for Asian food choices).I guess it wouldn't hurt so much if I could take the chinese leftovers back to my room, but with the ultra sensitive mini bar, there was no way I could maneuver my take out containers in the sea of overpriced mini bottles of liquor.Vegas baby...vegas!
4	This review is only for the dimsum lunch which was offerred during ChineseNewYear in January. 2 of us had siew mai, har kaw, chee cheong fun, char siew pau, deep fried yam pastry and radish cake - and all were very good indeeed Great service too!Recommended.
4	Dined with 14 for business. Eclectic menu with several very high end entrees including Kobe beef and geoduck, but you could get away with 30 ish per person if you were on a budget. We had a tri plate appetizer of various poultry cuts which were loved by all. A group of us shared the Kobe, a fried rice and a fish dish. All were very good. Service was Asian-reflective gracious with several managers mindfully keeping an eye on a bevy of effective staff. We had a birthday cake brough in from a 3rd party for a surprise and it went off flawlessly. I give 5 stars under only the most phenomenal circumstances so please don't take the 4 star as a repudiation. I would certainly recommend.
4	Very good food, a little pricy for what it is and the portions you receive but it was tasty. Beautiful decor, good service and good food. I recommend the chopped prawns and pines nuts in lettuce leaves. OMG, delicious!  dinner was 300.00 for 4 people which I guess is average in Las vegas for a sitdown but still seems pricy for chinese food, but it was good and I'm glad we tried it.
3	I've been here many times and some meals were more memorable than others. The place is Asian but it does not seem very authentic to any particular region, maybe more Chinese/Hunan. The menu is large with many options.The appetizers are great - spring rolls, hot & sour soup, lo mein all goodI have had some of the beef and chicken entrees and I remember the beef ones were good.  The almond crusted chicken is a specialty I believe and once I had it was so dry as if it had been sitting in the warming oven all night and dried out.The desserts are ok and they have a good variety although I don't think any of it is made there, nor is it authentic Asian. The tea was a disappointment. They had only a few selections and they are all tea bags, no loose leaf tea options. The green tea was not really drinkable.Lately they have had a tasting menu which I ordered and it includes soup, chicken, and beef/lobster. It was a very large portion and very tasty. I think I have had it twice now and one time I couldn't even finish it.
4	Yeah, it is pricey.  Yeah, they charge you $5 for white rice, and $5 for a 7 ounce soda (but it comes in an aluminum can).  However, I have never been disappointed here.  The service is always great.  It is attentive, and the staff works well as a team.  The dining room is beautiful and striking.  And, I always like to visit the restrooms, just because they are so nice.  Think of them as the Forbidden City of bathrooms.  Only the elite get to go in.So, for $200 you can do a lot of damage.  Delicious, sweet damage.  Let me start off by telling you, if you haven't gotten the Spider Prawn dumplings, you are doing your taste buds and injustice.  These hot morsels are full of shrimp.  They are crispy on the outside and well seasoned on the inside.  I dream of these at night.  I seriously do.If you like soup, they have two that are delish.  Or, as my counterpart said when she took a taste...Ahmahzing.  The Seafood wonton is good.  It has a large prawn and a diver scallop.  There is also some baby bok choy on top of the rich and flavorful broth.  The other soup you should try is the corn chowder with crab.  Not what I would consider Chinese, but wow.  Rich, sweet, and the whole crab claw sticking out of the soup is fresh and succulent.So, what are the items I always get when i order my meal?  Other than the appetizer stuff?  I always get the shrimp with fresh berries and candied nuts.  The menu description does not do it justice.  My description will not do it justice.  Everyone I bring comments on how it doesn't sound that good, but that they will trust me.  When it comes out, they love it.  The dish is served with crispy, fried shrimp, candied nuts, a mixture of fresh berries (strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, and raspberries...sadly no snozzberries), pineapple, and... mayonnaise.  Trust me.  It's the bomb.The beef with ginger and scallion is also quite tasty.  The meat is tender, the sauce is rich, just watch out for an unexpected large chunk of ginger every now and then.  The crab fried rice is a very mild rice.  The crab is shredded throughout the dish and it is very light.  Egg whites are used instead of the whole egg.  I usually add a dash of soy to this for my tastes.  I have been warned about the clay pot meals not being that great.  Also, the one time we ordered the crispy garlic chicken, it became a "Never Again."  Especially at these prices.  Also, I have not yet had a dessert here that I enjoyed.  They were beautiful to look at, but didn't deliver on the taste.The restaurant has geoduck (pronounced gooey duck).  Think of an oversized clam.  This runs about $200 per serving and is a specialty.  It is way overpriced here.I have never been to a Chinese restaurant taht charges you for white rice.  Maybe I just don't get out often enough.
4	Great meal. Second time here. The first time was within a large group and this time as a couple. Great service, great taste just a little pricy for what you get.
3	We allowed 2 hours before our show to eat here and the service was so slow that we had to curtail our meal and run.The restaurant serves wonderful food at a hefty price so it was a shame that we had a 45 min wait between soup and main courses.It would have been nice if the management had come over and apologize instead of leaving our waiter to handle the situation.When our food came it was clear some of it was hot and fresh and some had been hanging around.I think they paid attention to large tables and our table of 4 just didn't get the attention.Sad sad sad!
5	Did someone say Lobster fried rice?!?HELL to the ya!  We were in Vegas for the weekend to see Jimmy Buffett (awesome freakin' concert btw).  We were relaxing in out hotel room trying to decide on an scrumptious dinner to enjoy.  I made the poor man eat so much fast and greasy food this trip that I wanted to make it up to him with a delicious sit down meal.  The dilemma was finding a place near the concert that took reservations.  VOILA, the combination of good yelp reviews and the fact that Pearl took reservations was the perfect storm of deliciousness for our dinner.We started with the fried crab claws from the appetizer menu.  So freaking amazingly delicious I had to steal one of the man's as well.  For dinner we shared an order of Almond-Crusted Lemon Chicken and Lobster Fried Rice.... yep, you read that right, Lobster Fried Rice!!!!!   The Almond-Crusted Lemon Chicken was so amazing.... the sweet and sour flavor of the glaze combined with the texture and crunch of the almond crust put me in Almond-Crusted Lemon Heaven, ya I said it!  The Lobster Fried Rice was the perfect companion.  It was a large portion of rice perfectly cooked, not overdone or underdone.  Lobster chunks spread all throughout.  I'm sure someone will complain that they wanted more Lobster, but I had flavor in just about every bite so I was a happy camper.  Once we were done with our meal, we strolled the hallway down to the concert in mere moments.If you are seeing a show at the Grand Garden Arena OR KA this place is perfectly located near both.  The prices are a little steep, but in my opinion completely justified by the service, ambiance, quality, flavor and convenience.
5	A Chinese friend said that the Chinese restaurants in the hotels are very good, but pricey.  So I went to Pearl.  It was great.  The waiter from hong kong helped me order some pretty authentic cuisine.  He spoke Chinese to me, thinking that I was much more fluent than the few words I do speak are limited to. PORK BELLY WIHT PICKLED VEGETABLES:  This was the best version of this I ahve ever had.  Delicious and not to oily. DOMIAO:  Pea shoots cooked in garlic-incredibly good quality vegetables. Sweet and juicy.PUERH TEA:  A perfect compliment.  This was a pretty good puerh, but matched the oiliness of the meal so well, it was great.  Wished I had room to order more food.  Definately pricey, but bit time worth it.  Great waiter.
2	Ugh. Super disappointing. Loved the ambiance and the menu LOOKED really promising. My friend and I decided to go for a few dishes that our waiter recommended. What we got, in order of best to worst tasting:An eggplant appetizer dishAlmond-crusted lemon chickenOrange peel tenderloin of beef We actually loved the eggplant dish, and I was wishing I had only ordered that! My friend's lemon chicken was palatable - too much of the almond-crust coating for my liking but the flavor was decent. The beef was really awful, though. Absolutely swimming in sauce, and the meat was just gross. It did not taste like tenderloin quality at all, and I barely managed to eat a few pieces. My friend doesn't drink, and I'm preggos, so none for me either, so the cost of these three dishes alone - $80 something all said and done - seemed like highway robbery.
4	I was in Vegas over the Chinese New Year, and so I decided this was the perfect place to eat on New Years night. Our party of three had a fantastic time. The service was near perfect with the restaurant packed, and the food was really amazing. For fine dining Chinese food isn't the first thing that comes to my mind but this place was absolutely delicious. I had the Chefs Tasting menu and for $70 I had more food than I knew what to do with. After all the food I had bought in Vegas this 6 course tasting menu ended up being my favorite meal by far. The last course being my favorite, a beautiful Chinese surf and turf of Filet Mignon and Scallops, Lobster fried Rice and assorted Veggies.  I walked away completely stuffed and well taken care of, the staff was friendly and we had an amazing time.
4	I will have to say this place impressed me more than I thought it would. Being that it is in the MGM (not predominantly Asian as is the Caesars Palace and Bellagio), I expected an overpriced version of P.F. Chang's. I shouldn't have assumed. In addition to the usual orange chicken and bbq pork, Pearl has taken very traditional Chinese fare and put the typical American twist on it. We ordered the Spicy on Spicy which is a staple dish that I order at all Chinese restaurants if it is on the menu. I can usually judge the restaurant by it's Spicy on Spicy. At Pearl, it was delicious but not as spicy as it should have been. It was the American version, but still great. We also ordered the kobe beef in sweet and sour sauce. Kobe beef is kobe beef: tender, melt-in-your-mouth goodness. Slather on some sweet & sour sauce and you've got a kicked up version of sweet n sour beef. We also ordered the spinach sauteed in garlic which was cooked to perfection. There was just a little crunch left in the spinach and loads of garlic flavor. We also had the soup of the day which was mostly some vegetables in a pork broth. This is a restaurant I would definitely go back to. Keep in mind, it is fairly pricy. The kobe beef was $130 and there was enough on the dish for 5 people to have one small slice. I would still say that Jasmine's (Bellagio) versions of the same dishes are FAR superior.
4	I liked it...good chinese food and reasonable portions for a strip casino resturant.  It wasnt amazing, but neither was the bill$.
1	I must say, I was pretty disappointed with this place. Came in here with my wife and the sister and brother in law. This place is very over priced for a Chinese food. Appetizer of egg roll is $15, and there's only 3 little pieces of it, that's $5 a piece., same thing with their dim sum, it was $15 for 4 tiny little dim sum and they taste liked a cheap take out Chinese food that you can buy from the comfort of your own home. We had 4 dishes and 2 appetizers and it cost us $200 ! This is the most expensive Chinese food we've ever had in our life. I wouldn't be writing this review if there were a wow factor from the food that we had. If you guys want Chinese food, do yourself a favor and go to the Chinatown part of Vegas, and that's probably more authentic and taste better. Also the service at this place is horrendous, once you finished with your plate they're there right away to take your plate away, can't even wait a minute like they want you to leave ASAP. This place is no different from panda express except the price which they up 1000 times more. Our vacation in Vegas was awesome except for the part that we wasted $200 at this place. We could've used that money to gamble. So beware of this place!
3	We were here during Chinese new year, therefore we went here for the new year breakfast.  We ordered some dim sum...maybe it's because I'm from Seattle...we have plenty of good chinese food here...therefore..the food was just..ok...but the dishes were pretty expensive for what they were.
4	Actually came here as a "mystery shopper," auditing the quality of service and food here a year ago.  A quick background on me, I'm Chinese and have been to MANY Chinese restaurants, from trendy to tradition.  This particular one, being in Vegas, on the strip, is definitely on the trendy side.  When making a reservation they answered in 3 rings and I was put on hold.  They did a good job referring to my name throughout the reservation and asked where I was staying and if I were interested in any shows or other dining options (within MGM of course).Upon arrival, my friend and I were greeted by the hostess and who I think was the manager, but both weren't wearing any nametags.  When we were seated the hostess didn't converse with us, but I didn't feel like it was rude or anything either.  The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice.  There's large booths along with tables that are well spaced from each other.  The lighting is medium to low and they tables are set with nice decor.  As we seated the first server placed napkins on our laps, showed special drink offers and poured us water pretty eloquently if I may add.  He came back within 15 minutes and recommended that we try the spider prawns and wines that would go with the meal.  We ordered the spider prawns, lobster fried rice, crispy garlic chicken, honey walnut prawns and dessert (along with white wine).  Food came within 15 minutes and the server entertainingly showed us how to eat the spider prawns.  He came back within 5 minutes to check up on us to see if we were doing ok and enjoying the spider prawns.  The rest of the food followed promptly and was served by our server along with another.  Everything was delicious.  I have to say that most Chinese restaurants I've been to have to overtly salty, but I thought this place was perfect and I did not feel the need to have to drink water like a desert camel.  The honey walnut prawns were AMAZING.  A beautiful presentation also with blackberries, raspberries, and pineapple.  I could eat that all day.  The lobster fried rice was good and not too dry or salty, while the chicken was moist and flavorful.  Again within 15 minutes our server came back and asked how I dinner was and refilled our drinks.  We ate, and I was pretty darn full, granted we did order 4 dishes for the two of us though.  They came and cleared our dishes promptly and offered coffee for our dessert.The experience at this restaurant was great.  It was definitely geared toward the trendy and expensive side of people and I don't know if I'd ever pay this much for Chinese food again, but it was quite the experience.  Service was excellent also.  I'd recommend if you had some cash to blow on pretty good food and presentation (albeit Chinese) to give it a shot.  As far as their audit went, they scored pretty well and they're still there!
4	Had the tasting menu 1. Very good. The short ribs were a little dry and the beef and mushrooms a little salty.  But overall delicious meal.
5	YES.My uncle, cousin, and I grabbed dinner here after I had spent an entire day wrangling the children (boy aged 3.5 and girl aged 1.5) with their parents (my cousins).  Oh, it was the best babysitting reward I could have asked for!To start, I ordered the Seafood Wor Wonton Soup.  My uncle ordered the Dungeness Crab and Sweet corn Chowder.  My cousin ordered the Shark Fin Soup (although not on the menu -- the price probably would have scared everyone half to death anyway).  All delicious.We then ordered for the table: Pan-Seared Fillet of Sea Bass with Spring Onion, Fried Rice with Barbecued Pork and Shrimp, and Beef Brisket and Turnips (claypot).  I'd do almost anything for a delicious claypot and this one did not disappoint.  The fried rice was pretty standard (and my standards are fairly high).  And the sea bass was delicious and flavored well.After this.. Fiamma for dessert!
4	Can in for dinner while on vacation. Good service, maybe a bit slow. Portions are huge. Great value in the food as well. We split an entree and a side. They perfect amount for 2 of us. Will be back.
3	I had dinner here last week with 2 friends. What we eat: Spring rollsMacadamia nut chickenGeneral tsosPepper shrimpThe food was good, but same stuff as take out Chinese, except for 3 times the price. The decor was pretty but the restaurant was pretty empty. The atmosphere was lacking.
5	OMG! This place was ah-mazing!  Some of the best Chinese food ever!  We have stayed at the MGM many times but never tried this place - shame on us!I had the Singapore noodles which had just the right amount of spice. My friends all ordered various items and everyone was very happy with their selections.
4	This food was De-lish. We went here last minute because we were staying at MGM grand and did not feel like making it out to the strip, glad we didn't. The food is served family style and are large portions. We had four people and ordered 5 items... it was the perfect amount of food and really good. We all especially enjoyed the lo mien and the orange chicken. The atmosphere is fun but romantic. Ask for a table away from the entrance as to avoid noise from the food court. The beer they have is not on the drink menu but are an affordable option. After paying way to much for drinks by the pool, these 12$ 36 oz beers were just what we needed. Definitely worth checking out.
5	My friend and  I have been here twice now and we love it. the food is excellent and the service is wonderful. We will be going to dinner there ever time we visit Vegas.
2	Meh! Really average Chinese food. Slightly better than a takeout. For example, ordered sweet and sour pork tenderloin and it was tough and vinegary. Also, it is hugely expensive here.However, my low rating is because of their snooty attitude, particularly towards the kids. They didn't actually say anything, but we felt uncomfortable having the kids here. just not terribly welcoming compared to all the other eateries we've tried at the MGM.
2	Disappointing this last time. Had orange beef that had a soggy texture overly smothered in sauce. Also another chicken macadamia nut also smothered in a thick sauce. Chicken seemed more Chinatown style versus high end, meaning that the fat was retained to connect the pieces of chicken. Me no go anymore. All three of us concurred on our opinions.
4	Very good ambiance, service was also very good. But it was a bit pricey for the strip. The food I must say was very well made. Perfectly made fried rice, green beans and asparagus. The chicken was also great! We got some roasted cashews and peanuts as a snack for our beers and it was roasted and salted very well!The service was very good! The only complaint was that we paid way too much than what we wanted to spend on a dinner ($279 for 6 people) and two beers!!!
5	Pearl was absolutely fantastic. Some of the best chinese food anywhere, and the portions were very large. Absolutely would recommend Pearl to anyone looking for a delicious meal.A helpful tip here: Most of the meals are large enough to share between 2 people, they're seriously big.
5	Fancy Chinese Food , but very well done.  This place costs a pretty penny, but the restaurant is just beautiful, quiet and has a very classy feel to it.  The service was flawless.  We got the crispy garlic chicken and the BBQ pork fried rice.  Servings are very large and it was more than enough for the 2 of us to share.  The chicken was a 1/2 bird cut into large pieces.  Crispy and garlicky perfection.  The rice was fried rice like you would expect but with pieces of BBQ port and shrimp throughout.  The Pearl is a nice (QUIET) choice if you are staying at the MGM Grand.
4	Went to Pearl for the 2nd time about a week before Christmas when I was in Vegas.  We loved it the first time a few years ago and loved it again this time.  The menu is mostly Cantonese and very authentic.  The only negative I can say about this place is that the price are quite high, but what do you expect on the strip.  Fortunately, the entree sizes are large enough for 4 people when eating family style.  On this visit we had a taro root clay pot, steamed chicken, baby bok choy, and a tofu dish.  All were excellent.  The service was top notch as you expect at a high end restaurant on the strip.
5	AMAZING and not hard on the wallet! We went here wanting some good chinese food, without shelling out our entire mortgage payment for the other fancy chinese place here in MGM. So glad we did. Has to be some of the best food Ive ever had. I really wanted the General Tso's chicken, but I cant ever eat it because I cant have even slightly spicy food. I mentioned this and the waiter said "we will make it for you, not spicy at all". So you can tell here everything is made from scratch! And it was delicious!! We also had the crab fried rice, AMAZING. And so "clean" feeling. You didnt walk out of there feeling nasty and all weighed down by preservatives. Sake was good as well. Between my husband and I we shared those 2 plates as our meal and still left food on the table. Their portions are big. Dessert menu was great, but we were just too full from dinner. Out of all the places in Vegas we went all week, this was by far my most favorite meal. Its quiet and calm in there too, perfect for a "date night" without breaking the bank!!
3	The food here was about average. We had General Tso's Chicken and the Almond Crusted Honey Chicken. Decided to add fried rice on the side. Total was almost $90. The service was excellent but the food just didn't impress. Both our dishes tasted far different from what dishes of the same name at other restaurants taste like.
4	This is a great place to eat for Chinese food. Very well prepared and the servers were all very friendly. We ordered the Mongolian beef and combo fried rice.  It was very very good. I highly recommend this. Everyone has their own opinions and for me this place is great.
5	One of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas.  I'm usually a steakhouse person, however my husband loves Chinese cuisine so we went to Pearl on a busy Friday night.  The food was the best Chinese I've had... flavor, spice level, temperature, and portions were all perfect.  The service from start to finish was top notch.  The greeter and servers were friendly, professional, and seemed to sincerely care about our dining experience.  We will be back to Pearl!
4	This is quite possibly the best Chinese food I've ever had. We ordered a variety of dishes off the menu. The items that stood out the most were the pork Lo Mein (best ever), the general tso's chicken, and the Mongolian Beef. I usually love walnut shrimp, but there's had a bit too much of a seafood taste to it (if that makes sense). Overall, we were all very satisfied and would come back again.
4	Food was delicious. Will definitely go back next time I am at the MGM. Hot and Sour soup is a must. Bit pricey for lunch but that also could be due to the fact that we ordered a ton of items. Duck was outstanding!
4	Very good Chinese Food! Tender beef and tasty dumplings in a very nice and stresless environment.
2	Average food. Great ambiance and service. The dumplings were outstanding! That's about it. I had some type of curry noodle dish with thin rice noodles. It tasted just like PF Changs - nothing special. I did order two orders of dumplings because they were so incredible. I would only come back for those.
2	If you prefer Chinese food drenched in sweet sauce then this is the place for you. We ordered noodles threw genereal tso chicken and the Orange beef and the meat dishes were both ridiculously drenched I n sauce, I mean seriously. The noodles were fine definitely not the best we tasted but fine. The restaurant though looks beautiful and modern thank you to our waitress for bringing the birthday desert for my wife.
