5	Update: PTC's prices are now $3 per movie.I'm going to second the five stars on this place.  Yes they're second run films.  You could pick them up on DVD, but who are you kidding? Nothing beats sitting in a theatre to see a movie for the first time.  Personally, I'm too broke to enjoy a film I am only kinda interested in during a first run.  For three bones, I can go and see a film as it was intended to be seen.  On a gigantic screen with a sticky seat and two kids making out three rows back.  I call that movie magic!  The fact that their showtimes are advertised on their website is also a big gold star.In the lobby, they have life size statues of Laurel and Hardy, Batman, Storm Troopers and a few others.  Who doesn't love that?  I know I do.
5	I am late to the party, but I can independently verify what others have said...PTC has second-run movies at  a very reasonable price. They are usually in the theater 7-10 days before being released on DVD, but it is awesome to see a movie on the big screen for well under $5!I have seen numerous movies here including Spiderman 2, Transporter 2, Pride & Prejudice, The Bourne Ultimatium, Waiting, Tristan and Isolde....There is a veryy cool arcade with old pinball and 80's/90's arcade games. Located next to a  great Italian restaurant (reviewed by me), and a pizzeria.  Ample parking.Link: http://www.pollacktempecinemas.com/showtimes.php
5	If you can deal with the fact that most of the other movie-goers sitting in the same theatre as you think that because they only paid a few bucks to get in they can talk through the entire movie, this is a pretty good place to catch a flick.It's pretty typical that most people who attend shows at discount theatres don't have much respect for the "silence is golden" ideal. For some reason, paying LESS for a movie means they should have MORE privelages, such as sitting directly in front of you when every other seat in the place is empty.But, rude and noisy patrons aside, and ignoring the fact that you have to see Michael Pollack's ugly mug every other slide during the pre-show ads, this is a great place to go see a movie. You pay about a third of what you would pay at a regular theatre, and they tend to get movies a lot faster than discount theatres used to. Whereas it used to take 9 months for a flick to hit the discount theatre, it now takes 3 or 4. Right now (late October) you can see movies that came out in July and later. Not to shabby if you ask me. Oh, and their kid's pack with an Icee upgrade...superb value for $2.50.
5	I discovered this wonderful CHEAP theater last summer while watching over my mother's house in Chandler and once I found it I went to see movies almost weekly..  How can you pass up $2 movies that just left the $10 theaters and $3.50 popcorn tubs that include a refill!  Only problem I had with the popcorn was sometimes they had already closed up the concession counter by the time I came out of a late movie so I couldn't get a refill to take home and munch on the next night or two.  I saw so many movies that I'm sure I wouldn't  have seen if this place hadn't been there.  Later I discovered a theater even closer in Chandler that I started going to but still came back to this one occasionally.  If only we had a theater like this in San Diego I'd go to the movies more often!
1	No offense to everyone who gave this place 5 stars, but the Tempe Cinema staff needs a swift kick in the ass. During school hours, this place is regularly crawling with hooligan truants. Maybe those who run this theatre want to ensure they will have a steady stream of staffing options from the dropouts who use it as a hideout. Losers.
5	Note that most of the reviews for this place are 4 and 5 stars.  The only one-star review is from a person who objects to it on principle--that they are allegedly letting in  kids who should be in school.  This is a great theater to go to for recent movies ( just past first-run) without breaking the bank.  I'm just not going to pay $10.50 for a movie and $7 for the refillable popcorn in San Diego.  I was in Chandler for a week's visit and was very happy to come back here and pay $3 for the movie and $4.25 for the large popcorn with refill.  I saw The new Indiana Jones movie, which has just left the expensive theaters.  It was fun but I'm glad I didn't have to pay top price to see it.  This way I could enjoy it.  Doing a great job people!  Why don't you come take over a theater in San Diego and run it like this!
4	I bestow upon Pollack Tempe Cinemas the coveted 4 stars, equating to "Yay! I'm a fan." in the Yelp rating system.Why am I a fan?1.  Cheap movies.2.  The place is full of Hollywood gitch.3.  When the movies are affordable we go more often.4.  Affordable concession stand.  At Harkins and the other big theaters we stay clear of the $3.50 popcorn and $3.50 drinks.  At Tempe a kids pack including a small drink and a small popcorn is $2.00. 5.  My kids are creeped out by the semi life-like statues they have here, especially the one of Yul Brenner from the movie West World.  Creepy.  I personally find the Richard Nixon figure really creepy.  Why they have presidential figures here, I do not know.6.  See number 1.
4	I actually grew up going to this theater, before it was owned by the strip mall king, mr. Pollack (peep his sweet photo at the theater's web site). It wasn't always a discount theater, but has been since I was in middle school (movies were $1; 50 cents on Tuesday - I keep mistakenly calling this a "dollar theater" to this day).I hadn't been to the theater in some time, but did recall its incredible arcade selection - Mike Tyson's Punch Out? Yeah! GNR Pinball ? Say what!? Anyway, some of the games have been taken out, apparently to make room for the creepy life-size renditions of movie stars like the Blues Bros. and Johnny Depp's pirate version. I came to know this information when I heard about them playing Can't Buy Me Love (that's right, the 80's movie with a geeky Patrick Dempsey) for FREE on a Wed night. A quick stop at the Vine right down the street for a shot and a beer and we were ready. We arrived and the service was quick and friendly, the sound was fine, the air conditioning was pumping and we had a great time. I'm returning tonight for a cheap date with the BF. Hooray cheap movies!Reminders:CASH ONLY - there's an ATM inside at least, but I'm sure it charges an arm and a leg and then some.KIDS EVERYWHERE - when you have five kids, I understand that you can't exactly take them out to the movies very often, or at all - hell, I get pissed spending $10 on a ticket just for myself - and so a discount theater is sure to be a wonderful thing to a parent. But it sucks for me. I would think twice before seeing a kid-oriented movie here, esp. in the summer or on the weekend.YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR - Naturally, it's a little messy and the carpet's stained, but come on, you're saving like $7 in ticket fees and another $5-10 in concession prices, so I look the other way when stepping over that spilled 84-ounce soda that no one seems in a hurry to clean up, or the not-so-piping-hot popcorn, or the paper towel ridden bathrooms.
3	While I like the cheap flicks I am increasingly disturbed by dude's hair.  Mr. Pollack is displayed here and there around the theater as well as on the screen adverts before the show starts.  My kids have nicknamed him "Creepy Hair Guy."Photo incl.
4	I would go here more often if my wife liked it. I grew up this place. I probably spent $1,000 here just on the Simpsons and Soul Edge arcade games alone. They have an awesome arcade selection. The theaters themselves are fine, they are not stadium seating, they are old skool small seats. The seats are basically like taking a Southwest flight. Kinda small for a person with a larger carriage like myself. But worth the price. I like being able to play a few GOOD arcade games after.  When I was in middle school my friend and I would go see movies and let off stink bombs on one side of the theater and move to the other side and watch people reactions, those were the good times, where you could be a jack ass and not feel bad about it. But I would publicly like to apologize to Tempe Cinemas for my behavior ;)
5	I have been at this theater many times and i love it. it is the only place i feel like even the owner loves movies and not doing this just to make money.arcade games are great seats are ok(for the price)i highly recommend this place for the real movielover.
5	Out of the three discount theaters in the Valley, this is the best. I realize it's a bit run down but for $2.00 a seat, it's the best deal in town. A few weeks ago I took my family to see The Tale of Despereaux at the local Harkins. After popcorn, soda and candy, it was $60.00. Dark Knight in IMAX is worth the money, not a 2 hour cartoon you can rent for a buck in 2 months.We went to see Bolt last weekend at Tempe Cinema and it was $20.00 for all 4 of us including popcorn, candy and drinks. I really can't tell too much of a difference once the movie starts. The sound isn't as good and the seats aren't as comfortable but who cares.
5	Oh, Pollack Cinemas!  I don't even know where to begin describing your charms.For starters, there is your choice in movies.  Not content to rely on blockbusters like most cheap theatres, you provide one of the few venues in the valley where we can see good, independent films.  You've shown flicks that AMC and Harkins won't touch, unless you you're willing to drive to one of their boutique locations in Scottsdale or the Biltmore and pay $11,000 a ticket.  Were it not for you, I would've been forced to watch Transamerica on a small screen.There, there is the robotic band that greets all visitors as soon as they set foot in your welcoming walls.  Some people would question this.  They would ask, "Why would anyone ever install an animotronic band in the lobby of a cheap cinema?"Thank you, Mr. Pollack, for asking the more difficult question: "Why the hell not?"The robots set the mood for the out-dated arcade games and the bare-bones concession stand, for the wax figurines that line the hallways and the frightening picture of Mr. Pollack and Dick Cheney.Yes, Pollack Cinemas.  You set the bar incredibly low with your $3 price of admission (lower on Tuesdays!).  And then you proceed to blow it up with ten megatons of dynamite.Thank you.
5	What can you do anymore for three bucks?  You can get a PBR-in-a-can at a hipster bar and play a few rounds of pinball. Or...you can go to Michael Pollack's strange and illustrious discount cinema!  It's nice and clean, they tend to have a pretty good selection at any given time: the latest Pixar movie, something staring Denzel Washington involving fast moving vehicles and explosions, a chick flick (I don't recommend the latter, but hey, I know they're popular).  I don't want to spoil your experience by listing off ALL the decor, but there's animatronics and life-sized presidents of the past.  If you want to make a night out of it and are up for spending the money you saved at the movies on dinner, eat at Yupha's Thai right next door.  It's amazing.
4	A nice place to go to catch the blockbuster movie again or catch a movie you didn't feel like paying $10-11 during the first run. I've been here for a handful of movies and I've always had a pleasurable experience. The price is right, $3 per ticket for every show, any time. The price is $2 on Tuesdays.I normally don't hit the concession stand, but there is a wide variety of snacks that seem to be a bit cheaper than other movie places. The first time or two you go here, make sure to check out the items in the cases, walls etc. There is a bunch of cool pics, figures etc.Is it just me or does Pollack look like the Lion in the Wizard of Oz?
5	When I recently went to see Terminator:Salvation at the Pollack Tempe Cinemas, I was headed to the shitter (read:bathroom) and I realized upon entry that I had been coming here some 18 or 19 years, probably more. It's been a dollar theater at long as I can remember, with Pollack purchasing it some 8 or 10 years back, raising the prices $2 and upgrading the facilities to have a little more glamour. You know what, I think that's probably fine. $3 is still a fine bargain.The service has been excellent in the half dozen times I've visited over the last year. The theater has been adequately clean and the quality bathrooms have maintained there quality as long as I've been a patron.The most exciting thing I've seen here wasn't a movie, or the animatronic animal/muppet band out front (holy god), but the massive photos of Pollack and George W Bush and Dick Cheney, adorning the walls above and to the left and right side over the concession stand. These are truly remarkable. It was pointed out by a Ms Bonnie G, iirc. They always render me speechless. I know it's coming, but it's always a surprise.
4	This is a great cinema to catch up on those movies you missed at mega cinemas. The theater offers a lot of value for the price of $3. The lobby is spotless and has an impressive collection of Hollywood statues of past and present stars. The snack bar offers the usual choices of candy, popcorn and soda pop. The theaters themselves are about 8 total and typically a movie has only 1 or 2 showings a day. The seats and floor are clean and well maintained. You simply can't go wrong - bring cash, no credit cards accepted.
4	Unless you really, really have to see a film when it's first released, then it's worth waiting for it to come to Tempe Cinemas.This is basically the neighborhood budget movie house that gets films shortly after they leave the mainstream cinemas. Movies are $3 and popcorn, candy and drinks aren't cheap, but they're not quite expensive as the mainstreams either.Tuesdays movies are $2 and I believe sodas and popcorn are $2 each as well.Tempe Cinemas doesn't seem to get overly packed where you really end up with a seat you oppose. It also doesn't fill up with kids. The floor is a little stickier than a mainstream theatre and the parking lot (in a strip mall) isn't as big as others, but the value is good, their website is informative and there's always a live band performing in the lobby. Although it seems to be the same act every time I go.
3	When it comes to movies, sometimes they are better on the big screen, but not worth spending you're entire tax return for one feature and snacks.  While I can often watch the same stuff at the dollar theater at home on pay-per-view, this is a great way to have a fun, cheap night out.  I really like the super cheap Tuesdays.Of course, you don't have the stadium style style reclining seats newer theaters have, and the floor is often super sticky, but that's all part of the experience.They have some really strange decorations, that can be a little weird if you were pre-gaming the movie.  Overall, it's a great value and lots of fun.
5	This place is like half movie theatre, half bizzaro museum. It's worth going to just for the weird statues and creepy wax figures that stare at you from every corner. The movies are only three bucks so you can't beat that. The theaters themselves are okay, nothing fancy for sure, and sometimes the sound quality isn't the best. But hey, it's three bucks.I figure I'm paying $1.50 for the movie and a $1.50 for the entertainment of the statues.I just wish Pollack would open up a museum of his whole collection. I hear he has a ton of stuff. I wanna see it!!!
3	The prices here are right.  And the popcorn is pretty decent compared to most discount theatres.  The soda however was a lil more off, but not undrinkable.The theatres themselves aren't anything fancy, or high tech for that matter.  So make sure that you don't get stuck sitting behind a tall person because then you won't be able to see.The lobby is a little..umm.....special.  Creepy statues and pictures line the halls.The parking lot is a lil iffy, so if you come alone, then come in the daytime.  The night we went there was a rambling, wandering ho-bo in the parking lot talking to patrons.Over all if you can wait a bit to see the latest flicks and aren't afraid of out dated creepy statues then this place is just fine and a good bargin.
4	You just can't beat a $3 movie .. OK so the actual theaters are a little down at heel but if you want to catch a movie that has already left the big screens of Harkins this place is perfect.I would avoid kids movies, I tried to go and see Up and it was like being in a Kindergarten!
4	The sound and picture quality are less than optimal, but you get at least what you pay for, if not more.  The popcorn is pretty good, and the ushers are almost always friendly.  The air conditioning makes this an especially cool treat during the hotter months.
5	To every one who didnt give the Cinema 5 Stars and another 6th star you are fired.......from life.This Cinema goes up to 11 if the amazing vintage arcade (Has a Crucial Selections such as Ms Pacman, XMen, the Avengers and DDR), A rampaging Pirate Muppet Like Band in the entrance ( I seriously cant make that up) and Real Pirates as you leave.....Complete with Strange Life Size Manequins of Presidents, Film Stars, Weird Strange things, and a Lunchbox Collection all round this quirky cinema out.$3 Prices for movies can't be beat as well, and the popcorn etc all seems fresh......my only complaint is they dont serve hotdogs which I have found to be a staple at other bargain theaters.The theaters are suprisingly comfortable, clean, and have good sound and picture which is a testament to good management and good staff.....We are gonna keep coming back here for movies we cant fathom paying full price for.
5	Love it!  This is such a weird lil theater.  My girl friend and I stopped in to catch a chick flick after eating at Yupha's Thai restaurant... I was pleasantly surprised at the low cost and crazy decor.  They've got it all set-up for Halloween right now so it's pretty interesting!  Anyway, to make a long review short... $3 a movie?  Can't beat that.  See ya there!
3	My movie was only 3 bucks! The theater is a little old, but looks like a good place to check out some movies that have been out a little while.
5	I am grateful that there is a discount theatre in town - since Harkins and AMC are soo expensive! This is a nice place to go to the movies at $3 a person - and $2 Tuesdays. The popcorn and drinks are still pricey though. Keep in mind to bring cash - they don't accept credit/debit cards. They have HUGE clean bathrooms not too far from the theatres, and some creepy yet entertaining plastic/wax figurines everywhere. Parking is never a hassle to find. The screens are smaller and not as good as Harkins and AMC, but still overall a great experience.
1	So much to say about this place.  The best thing about this place is the price.  $3 for a movie is awesome, but the cons outweigh the pros.  The theatre itself is disgusting.  The floors are always dirty and there are bugs in some of the theaters.  The popcorn is mediocre at the end of the night they bag up whatever is leftover and save it for the next day.  Its rarely ever fresh.  The candy is stale and the soda machine is filthy.  Also the staff are just an arrogant bunch of kids.  Will NOT be returning.
3	My movie-going experience here over the past 10+ years of my life has always been a mixed bag.  Sometimes the staff is great.  Often times the staff is not.  Sometimes the theaters are clean, my feet don't stick to the floor, and I feel like I can sit down without sitting in someone else's leftover mess.  Other times it looks like a tornado just went through the theater when I am being seated for my (next) film.Overall you can't beat the price and it is a great place to catch that, "Don't wanna pay AMC prices but still wanna see it in a theater" movie.We go about 1-2 times every 2 months and always have a good enough time. Check it out - and get a camera phone picture with Elvis or Marilyn!
5	How anyone comes here and doesn't love it, I am not sure. How can you complain about a 3 dollar movie at a theater screaming charm? Heck - 2 dollars on Tuesday.It has become my wife's and I's favorite date night. We go and basically just see what it on. We grab out 6 bucks (its cash only), we grab our cup for coke, and enjoy the personality of the decor - life size movie memorabilia, arcades, and maybe a lunchbox collection.The quality of the theater is exactly what a dollar theater should be - the theaters may not be the cleanest, some of the screens may be a bit worn, possibly your sneakers will stick a bit - but that is what there is to love.It is quite busy on the weekends, I've never had anything to complain about with he service. We have even seen Mr. Pollack several times meeting people as they come in. I have been here dozens of times - look for us on the side of the theater because I am a bit tall and don't want to bother those in back of us.For us - it is 2 hours of enjoyment and a price that we can afford, in a theater that we love.  And we love it :)
3	Tempe Cinemas had opened up its theatre for the digital broadcast of 2011 Cricket World Cup final. Good seats and full theatre amenities made this one comfy place to check out the action.Half the world away from India the sheer joy of viewing my country lifting the World Cup on a giant screen got the adrenaline pumping so much that it felt much like an experience I would get being present at the stadiums. The best cricket match viewing experience ever in terms of environment in the hall and the quality of cricket. The audio system is not entirely state of the art but that didn't bother me. I noticed they get good independent movies here that are tough to find in addition to the mainstream ones. Super friendly staff and reasonable ticket prices by movie theater standards. Overall it was a good viewing experience!
3	Cheap.  Clean.  Fresh brewed iced tea is a big plus.  YUCKY nachos- chips taste stale and cheese is flavorless.Drives me crazy that this place is cash only.  Who doesn't accept debit/credit cards?  I would go here much more often if I didn't have to use the ATM and pay a fee to get cash to go in.
4	I checked out Pollack Cinemas not intially knowing that it was the dollar movies. The wife and I took our girls for a 5 movie marathon all day on Saturday,The popcorn was free, refills on the large drinks refills were free too! The decor was pretty cool, lots of cool wax statues and very friendly atmosphere.One of the movie screens we watched was pretty old looking but I could still see the movie even though it made some of the movie look blurry at times. When we changed movies the video was noticably better in the other theaters.Overall I'll be back! I like the kid's movie choices and even the adult selections!
5	I really like this theater. They are cash only which can really be a pain, but the prices are great. The people working there seemed nice and the place was clean. They have a nice selection of movies and the decor is fun.
5	$2 Tuesdays. Sign me up. For a second-run theater that doesn't have a gimmicky theme, this really is as good as it gets. Pollack Tempe Cinemas is a great place to catch a movie and still get the theater experience. It's even better than a couple of first-run theaters in the valley that I've been to.Everything about the place reminds me of the movie theaters I used to frequent as a kid in the 80's. The theater may not have stadium seating or an amazing sound system, but you're paying a fraction of the price to see a movie in a big, clean auditorium, so why complain. The life-size figures of movie characters add a fun vibe to the place, and they actually encourage you take your picture with them. Concession prices are on par with any movie theater. I'm a big movie lover but, like a lot of people, I've switched over to Netflix and Redbox for the majority of my motion picture viewing. But if I'm home on a weekday summer afternoon and there's a movie that came out a month or two ago that I know I want see, why not check it out for just a few bucks? Heads up to the never carries cash crowd... No credit or debit taken at this joint. Make sure there's some paper in your wallet.
4	Went here for the first time last week, and I must say, for a "dollar" theater it was pretty nice! I took my 2 1/2 year old son to a movie here and it was a decent atmosphere. Pros: - Fun displays and wax figures to look at before and after the movie starts- CHEAP! $2 Tuesdays!- The theater we were in was super clean, no sticky floors or garbage anywhere- Staff was amazingly niceCons:- Cash only?! boooooo- The movie we saw sounded like my head was in a  bucket for 3/4 of itOverall it was a fun experience and we will be goign back soon :)
4	A great place for a $3 movie. Clean and well managed. Kid's popcorn and drink specials make this place an overall great value. The theater has great decorations and memorabilia. A full size Darth Vader, Superman, Jack Sparrow, and other kid heros. Weekends get a little busy, weekday movie are a great place to beat the heat.
3	Decided to see Green Lantern here tonight. My experience was mixed.The decor and atmosphere is awesome. It's really cheap to see a movie, only $3 (but bring cash), which is great. They have lots of really cool memorabilia to see and I love the neon. The staff was nice and they had a cool arcade area. You could probably spend a good 30 minutes looking around at all of their stuff.What I didn't love was the quality of the movie. I didn't expect amazing quality because of the price, but sadly the quality was so bad that I couldn't even finish my movie. Seriously, I felt like I was watching Superman from the 80s instead of a 21st century CGI film. But that would have been bearable - it was the sound system that made me walk out to get a refund. It sounded like I was listening to a movie in another room. Now, I still don't think this is a bad place to see a film - just don't see a high-graphic, action film. I think that this place would get a good audience by playing cult classic films either weekly or monthly. You can hear the old projector, which is a great feature. I would definitely come back to see the classics here.
4	Fun place to go and see a kids movie! It was super cheap, only 3 dollar tickets and the kids pack with a small popcorn and small drink was only 2 dollars! Perfect place to see movies if you missed them in the first go around. Unless you want to see an action movie, the quality is fine. I wouldn't go there to see a movie I was dying to see or anything really high tech. The screens are small and the sound quality isn't the greatest... all making it perfect for the kiddo movies, because they don't care anyways...oh, and its CASH ONLY!
1	Horrible!  False advertisement.  If you have purchased a groupon or a deal for this cinema, they will not honor anytging.  Even if their cinema is listed as participating. The manager Janet was very cold & obviously did not care!
4	What better place to show older movies that aren't quite ready for DVD/Blu-Ray than at an old school cinema?  Word of warning though, they only take cash!  Movies are generally $3 unless you go on Discount Tuesdays, ($1 off).  They also play some foreign films.  I'm not sure if it was because they were playing an Indian film that day or if those foods are normally on the regular menu, but I noticed they had chai tea and samosas for sale at the food counter!  Very cool.
4	A bargain if there ever was one.A/C is cranking almost year round.  Sometimes want them to turn it off cuz it can get chilly inside the theater.Popcorn is okay, somedays it's better than others.I like that you can get a big popcorn and bring the bag back another time for the second fill.  We rarely eat all of the popcorn but because we can bring it back for a fill we keep getting that one.We get the refillable theater cups every year to take advantage of the $1.00 refills too.  Another really good deal.We try to get there real early so we can sit in a preferred area of the theater.I so wish everyone would arrive before the movie begins because there seems to be a constant flow of interruptions within the first 15 minutes of the movie with people in and out the door, standing in the aisle discussing where to sit, turning on their phones to create a flashlight.  Then you get the groups of people whose movie let out prior to the one you're watching.  These people come in and here we go through the whole thing again.Like that they have a convenient ATM machine out front but dislike the fee.Regular selection of hit movies, most of which are no longer at the high end theaters.  If you missed it there you've got a second chance to see it here and for less than half the price of a matinee.Yeah this place is old and the seats aren't as luxurious as say Harkins, but this IS a bargain cinema.  I still like a bargain.  I really enjoy getting out to see a movie, and Tempe Pollack Cinemas is cheap and convenient.And you can bet I refer my friends, especially those with kids.
4	Economical discount theater!  For the price of what other theaters charge just for admission, you can get your popcorn and drink too!  Seats are a little small, but there are usually plenty of them.  It is of course not the newest releases, but I am never up to date on my movie watching anyway.  Must have cash, ATM available in the lobby area.
5	What a concept--a movie theatre that doesn't charge you $70 for a movie, food, and drinks for a family of 3.Okay, you're not going to be seeing the newest releases, but for the price, this place is unbelievable.  The movies are generally $3, and the food is cheaper than Harkins.  You can also get refills on drinks and popcorn, unless you go to the late-night screening and the concession stand is closed when you get out.Really cool ambiance at this place (look at the pictures).  For budget-conscious families wanting to go to the movies, forget about going to Tempe Marketplace and forgoing all food and drinks.  Go here, see a flick, get your junk food, and relax.
4	I love this place! The tickets are cheap, the combo deals are perfectly priced, the theater is a cool retreat during summer months...but they could use a credit card machine. That's my only gripe. I love bringing the kids here though and seeing a movie, plus getting popcorn & drinks for $20. That's unheard of!
4	I recently watched a movie here with the BF and it was only $6 for both of us! This theater makes me reminisce about going to the dollar theater growing up in California. Unlike other cheap theaters this one is clean, the staff is nice and is interestingly decorated. The movie theater was small but it didn't take away from the movie theater feel. The strange part was the massive amounts of elderly and an old man felt up my BF and tried to sit on him because he couldn't see and couldn't hear us repeatedly telling him someone was already sitting there. Even though it was really awkward, it made for a funny story. I definitely plan on coming back to this theater!
5	I will definitely be going back to this theater.  For $3, you get what you pay for and more.  The quality is really good now that they replaced the equipment! The theater was very clean, despite what some of the other reviewers claimed. If you are willing to wait for a movie to come to this theater after it runs its course in the main theaters, this is a great option.  It's also great if you miss a movie while it's in the main theaters but don't want to wait for it to come out on video!It's cash only but for $3, they wouldn't make any money if they let you use credit cards.
3	The best way to describe this venue is "interesting".  If you are looking for a cheap theatre in the valley and don't need to see movies that just hit the box office, but aren't quite out on dvd yet, this is the place. $3 admittance (cash only).  It was nicely cooled as well, which is important in the summer months.  The lobby and hallways are very festive, bordering on gody and almost terrifying.  I felt like I was in a pee wee herman movie or in a bad nightmare, one in the same.  Overall the price is well worth your experience.  I did not purchase anything from the concession bar, but from what I could tell it seemed fairly priced, but keep in mind it is cash only as well.
3	This place is a hoot! A friend wanted to go to a movie that had been out for a while and it turned out that it was only still playing at this theater and one other. This is typically a $3 theater, we happened to go on a Tuesday and it turns out they have $2 Tuesday so it was even cheaper. You definitely get what you pay for...this theater has been around for a while but it's a great deal compared to the average movie gong cost. The concessions are also reasonable cost. Not the most comfortable seats in the world but you get what you pay for.The reason this place is a hoot? There are crazy decorations, life size figurines, games, etc, everywhere. I am sure I only really saw about a third of the decorations because it is just sensory overload. I hear they really deck it out at Christmas.So if you are looking for an affordable movie night and don't mind the seats from 20+ years ago this is a good option.
4	The prices are great, and it is the only place to go for movies with a family if you don't want to spend $100. The food is also relatively cheap, compared to other theater chains.  They get the movies fairly quickly after they have been released, so it is worth the wait to save the money.
4	Haven't been to the Pollack Tempe Cinema since my kids were little, even forgot they existed. Went with a friend on a Friday night to catch a flick, and I have to say seeing the old movie memorabilia  hanging around made me smile. Also forgot how the set up for inside the theater was old school, I remember back in the day when the seats were just 2 rows on both sides of the theaters, maybe that's why now I always want to sit in the center seat!Watch a movie, had a good time, I will be back!
5	This theater is vintage... Even some of the arcade games are classics... Cheap too 3 dollar tickets... Movies that play there have been out for 6 weeks already
5	I love this place. I had been dying to see Hunger Games in theater, but wanted to wait until after I had read the book. Once I had, it was out of regular theaters. It was playing here though and we went running over to see it. This place carries movies that just stopped playing at regular theaters for a fraction of the price. It's only $3 a person, compared to $10 or more at Harkins or AMC. They have a cool game area out front with Pac Man and other games as well as movie memorabilia all over that you can look at before your movie. The food and drinks are also cheaper than the regular theater, so you can have a nice night out at the movies for less than $20 and leave satisfied. The theaters are small but it doesn't take away from the experience at all. We are definitely going back here to see more movies without breaking the bank.
3	okay, movies are only $3...$2 on Tuesday. Popcorn and soda are reasonably priced. seats are pretty comfortable. wish they would a) put in stancions in their lobby to shorten the lines up and b) do the same for the snack bar...otherwise wading through folks to get to the theatres is crazy. if you cant wait to see a new movie, this isn't the place for you, but otherwise, wait a few weeks and save your bucks.
5	I have gone here a lot since high school and have always loved this place. It's cheeky and nerdy, and it's a local place to pay for cheaper ($3) movies and concessions. I love going here, and getting out of the sticky, mainstream theaters.Just be advised, cash only. But that's okay because that's what I learned in San Francisco.
3	-you get what you pay for-Part 1-Tempe Cinemas is pretty cool for the most part. The tacky movie memorabilia, and figures are fun. Prices are awesome. Then you walk into your theater. Note- I am easily aggravated in movie theaters: This theater is old as fuck. The projectors are loud. The seats are uncomfortable. The sound is always muffled because speakers are outdated. Part 2-The combination of crinkly, obnoxious snack wrapping.. super crunchy snack foods, and people without common courtesy already piss me off at nice theaters. Chew with your mouth shut!! What the hell? Do parents not teach this to their kids? I feel like this was like rule #2.. after, "say please and thank you".. third was, "don't be a narc"- I understood these rules thoroughly by age 4. I  was also able to ride a bike without training wheels at this time.Anyway.. add part 1 with part 2 (which exists at any theater) and you get Tempe Cinemas. Sure it's cheap, and getting out of the house for not a ton of money is cool sometimes.. but I would rather spend the extra money on a ticket at an AMC or Cinemark, and sneak in my own booze and snacks for a better quality movie experience. Just sayin-
5	Now this is an awesome theatre. I would go to this theatre even if it were regular price. Growing up in lake havasu city, we never had nice theaters. This theatre is nicer than those in Lake Havasu and very nice for what it is. The wax statues are awesome too. My daughter loved seeing Batman that looked like batman. The price here is great and if you can wait for the movie to go to this theatre, I highly recommend. Very great experience!
4	Always good!I've never had a bad experience here!With the cost of "regular" movies going up and incomes going down, it's nice to be able to take the family out for a movie without breaking the bank.  $3 per head is a great deal.  The concession prices are also less than the bigger theaters.  The $2 kids pack with the soda and popcorn is a nice treat when I take the kids.  The only downside is that it is all cash only.  They have an ATM in the lobby though.
4	I love this theater. I take my 5yr old here once every couple of months and have no complaints! I mean, the pretzel's could be better, but this is no Wetzel's Pretzels now is it? Come to think of it, I should Yelp them, huh?Anyway, this is a great place, very kid friendly. Only bring cash but, if you forget, they have an ATM. Good prices, of course! I usually go to Changing Hands Bookstore across the street after if there is enough time in the day (another one to Yelp).Long story short....GO to Pollack Tempe Cinemas....unless you want a brand new movie and a brand new theater and sky-high prices. I do both :)
4	The best thing about this place is the price! On the inside, the theatre is less upscale than regular priced places.
2	There are quite a few cheap bastards roaming the Valley on Tuesday nights and they all showed up at the 7:30pm showing of Flight. Besides, the shock of seeing an almost full movie theatre (i usually go to matinees, but didn't think a $2 show would be this crowded), this cheap movie complex had its share of dumpy movie theatre stuff occur. The screen was split in two for the first 10 minutes and the sound started breaking up late in the flick. Probably because its old inside, you can hear the coughing of people very loudly and the munching of snacks often drowns out a few words in the first hour until folks finish their popcorn. Anyways, I found a seat in a far flung corner and watched Denzel play the alcoholic pilot - worth the price despite the small flaws, but stick to daytime if possible.
5	Yes, I did it; I finally made it to the movies. Personally I was not sure if I wanted to see Jack Reacher because Tom Cruise plays the main roll of Jack Reacher.  I need to make myself clear on this. I have read a couple of Lee Childs Reacher series. Reacher is a man who is very tall, with immense muscles and a high and tight haircut. Tom Cruise is none of these. I have said, Tom Cruise is no Reacher but I am wrong. I waited for the movie to come to the cheap theater and so I went. The movie, One Shot is the book Jack Reacher is based on, I have not read this book yet but I just purchased it so I could. I paid my $3, went in the theater and sat down. I watched the trailer on my cell phone and it looked like it had some potential. I have also spoken to a few people who have seen it and they liked it so my mind was open and ready for excitement.  I am going to make this short because I want everyone to see this movie. If you enjoy old fashioned car chases and fist fights and with a little touch of wit, then go and watch this movie. I came home and opened up the book and I already know it will be good.
3	Good inexpensive theater. Michael Pollack has made a name for himself throughout the Gilbert, Tempe area. The theater is great for families and shows movies that aren't out of style. I was pretty impressed.
5	Awesome experience.  Cash only, like everyone said, but very reasonable prices on tickets and refreshments.You absolutely must see the lobby.  Why?  President. Mannequins. Display.  And other one of a kind pieces of movie memorabilia.  :)This place just has the right feel.
4	CASH ONLYWell, let's hear it for the "$3 Movie Theater".  Yaaaaaay!!!   I LOVE this place!  I don't care that it is an old theater.  I love the creepy memorabilia that fills the lobby and the very retro arcade games.  I love the fact that the movie theater is so old, it only has a center isle down the middle of each auditorium.  I love it that the folks sitting in front of me are squarely in my view of the screen and I have to either move or look around their big heads.  Even that extremely odd, but not out of place, mechanical band in the front lobby that plays music you never hear.  I love it that people take pictures with the statues in the lobby!  Such a strange place and such a wonderful bargain.  I particularly LOVE their popcorn and the fact that their large popcorn is refillable!  What I love most about Pollack is the fact that I can see a movie that is not that old for just $3.  I wait a few weeks after the opening and I can pay $3 to see the movie instead of paying $9 for the matinee!  I take my chances and wait for a movie to come to Pollack before I run out to see it.   I recently went there with a young person.  We had a large popcorn and we both got in and I spent $3!!!  Coolest way to win points with the young people w/o breaking the bank!  I  bring my friends here too.  Everyone knows, I love popcorn.  Truth be told, I get a desire for movie popcorn and decide to go see a movie so I can eat popcorn.  I mean if you are what you eat, I would BE a popcorn kernel (DON"T tell my orthodontist that)  But my popcorn is mine, I don't share it and I'm pretty serious about it.  At Pollack, the prices are cheap enough, so just get your own.  :-PCASH ONLY(SN: this was my 100th review.  I had been saving that review for a special business and dang forgot about it.  well Pollack, at least you're 4 stars.  Happy 100th to me)
4	My previous review was based on my experience here with watching Indian movies. After watching a lot of Hollywood movies , i have to admit that it's a good movie going experience(esp. if you do go out for movies a lot) .For one the price - $3 ( $2 on Tuesdays).Second & more important - If you missed out on watching some movie & it's off the Harkins or AMCs , don't worry , that movie might be screened here & mostly for more than 4 weeks or so. Works out well for me as I'm not someone who'd like to watch a movie the week it releases. I can wait & what you get for waiting is that the movie reviews(ratings) get stabilized & you know better what you can expect.Snacks served in here are below avg , but i was impressed by their courtesy - they let us have the food we brought ( against their rule).
4	This place is so cool!  Affordable movies (sometimes already out to rent), kitschy movie decor (think low budget Planet Hollywood), and affordable snacks!!  What is not to love about this place?!Make sure you bring cash.  Also keep in mind that this is a low budget old school theater.  The seats are not stadium, they aren't super comfy, and the floor is kinda sticky just like it was in the good ole days!  ALSO: Be sure to grab a cupcake or ice cream down the way at Mind Over Batter and stop by Flanny's for dinner or lunch.  One of my favorite spots in Tempe.
4	We love this cheap theater!  We've always received great customer service and the place is kept really clean.  When we left the theater today, there was a brigade of workers armed with brooms ready to clean it for the next showing.  The only time that we've ever had trouble has been when people watching the movie refuse to stop carrying on a conversation.  After kindly asking the two people to stop talking, she replied, "the movie only cost $2, give me a break."  They continued to have a full conversation for much of the movie.  I've never seen/heard anything like that before!  :)  The only other thing that might peeve people is that there are occasionally very small issues with projection - a line running through frames, etc.  It has always worked itself out and doesn't bother us.We're regulars for $2 Tuesdays during the summer.  The theater also has a summer movie package available.  I recently saw that they upgraded several theaters to digital.BRING CASH!  They don't accept credit cards!
4	We went to see Croods today in one of the new digital theater rooms.  WOW!  I couldn't believe the huge improvement.  I've never complained about picture quality at this theater - I figure that the low cost of the movie doesn't justify a complaint.  This new system rocks!  Such a great picture and the sound was really good too!  Great addition to your theater Pollack!  Thanks so much! OH, and they now take CREDIT CARDS!
5	We love this place. I don't care at all that it's an old theater and the seats are all clunky. It's affordable and clean and we love going to it.  Yes, make sure the movies arent out on dvd and if you go, go on a Tuesday (best deals). Michael, the guy that owns it, also does so much for the community. All around nice person. Great staff at the concession stand.
3	I would probably think more highly of this place if 80-90% of movie-going experiences over the past several years didn't involve going to matinees at Harkins theaters with my parents where we use our $1 (whoops...now $1.50) refill cups, and my dad wears his free popcorn shirt my parents purchase at the beginning of each year (and if he doesn't we use one of the gazillion free medium popcorn vouchers we've accumulated that you can upgrade to a large). Basically, although it's not conventional, I've just gotten use to a discounted movie experience at a "regular" theater, so while the $3 price tag (and cheaper concessions) here is nice I kind of shrug my shoulders.Although clean, this theater has an older feel for sure (seats, screens, sound system, all old). I guess the whole kitschy arcade & weird robotic band thing like you see at Show Biz is supposed to make this theater "unique," but eh, I just kind of notice that stuff when I walk in and can really care less that it's there. I go to a movie theater to see movies so I really don't care when ANY movie theater has extra stuff like this. At the end of the day I pretty much come to this theater when I feel like seeing a movie I may have missed when it first came out, and when newer movies I want to see aren't playing at a Harkins close by to me at a convenient time. If you're more of a "conventional" movie goer (particularly if you mostly see movies at night) I think this place is great. In addition to the cheaper admissions the concessions are cheaper as well. Just realize you're paying less for a TOTAL movie experience (not just because you're seeing an older movie).Oh, I'm sure others have mentioned but on Tuesdays they have a deal where admission is only $2, as well as $2 small sodas & popcorn.
5	$3 movies! How awesome is that?! $2 on Tues! Even better!Took the fam bam to see Epic last week (really cute movie by the way). Now being a discount theater, I kept my expectations seriously low. But I was very pleasently surprised!After reading the reviews, I came with cash. But they now accept credit cards! Also, kids 3 and under are FREE!And since we saved so much money on tickets, I thought hey why not splurge on some snacks? We got 2 kids packs which include popcorn and a drink for $3 each. I was fully expecting to be price gouged on snacks since tickets are so cheap. But the concessions are very reasonable! They also have a loyalty cup for $4, $1 refills.We were in the large theater at the end. It was really clean, seats are comfy, and all the theaters are now digital projection (which I guess is new, along with them accepting credit cards). Very nice experience!I will most definitely be coming back. $15 total for a movie and snacks?! Amazing value for the family!My kids were also fascinated by the movie memorabilia here! They had a cool Pirates of the Carribean display that my son loved!This place is great for a discount theater. I'd say even much nicer than the older Harkins theaters I've been to lately (Scottsdale fashion square, Arcadia), where they still charge and arm and leg for everything and are totally gross and uncomfortable.Highly recommend!
3	Good prices for movies.  Bring cash only.  Negative, was curtled butter on the popcorn.  Not to good...
5	they got digital projector and sound now. its almost like going to harkins. badass!
5	Personality, character, a little sass, and some animatronic... animals (?) in the front lobby to give it a little punctuation. Ya, I'm liking this.It's a discount theater, which means you get to see older movies before they head to Netflix or Redbox or other rental outlets. It was mid-September and I got to see some of the summer blockbusters (womp-womp) at $3 a pop. They do take credit cards now. At least I think they did. That's how I paid, so unless the guy at the front desk was just swiping my card for his own gain, they take them now. Yes. Definitely, they take credit and debit cards.The theater was okay. It was long and skinny, with no center seats; an aisle ran down the middle. No worries there, I'm not too picky. The seats were comfy and cupholder-riffic, so I could sit back and relax.Mostly I just love that it's not same-ol', same-ol'. It's got Blues Brothers statues, autographed headashots on the wall, and those animatronic things. It's full of memorabilia from Hollywood and one-of-a-kind down to the neon signs that adorn the joint. I'll pay that $3 every time.
3	Have been here for several meetups on Tuesdays. Generlly very good movies; just didn't care for Hunger Games. The only complaint i and others have had is that the seats are very uncomfortable, I have long legs and we all came out with some lower back pain. Guess we're getting old..LOL! Recovered overnight.
5	My wife and I have been going to Pollack Cinemas for years. We appreciate the $3. charge. The theaters are always clean. We love this place...
5	Best bang for you buck movies. Thank you Mr Pollack! The Cinema is like a museum inside with old school arcade and statues.
4	Great cinema. Went there earlier to see "2 guns" I liked the ticket prices and concession deals. The old theatre memorabilia is pretty rad too. The chairs and sound system have also just been upgraded. Really comfortable and crystal clear sound with booming bass. If you want a big theatre experience and you don't mind seeing a movie that may have just been releases on blu-Ray or on Demand, this is the perfect place for you.
5	I love this theater !!!  $2 Tuesday's Cheap popcorn and soda and there seats are so comfortable!!
5	Best place in the state to watch a movie on a budget. I take my kids there 3-4 times a month.
5	This place is great! They started accepting cards about 1 year ago.The seats are terrible though in the sense that they're too small. Or maybe I'm too big.Good deal. I've been here plenty of times.
4	I swear I've been going to this place since before recorded history, back when dinosaurs roamed the planet. Ahhhhhhhhhh, the memories... You'll be glad to know that the old, falling-apart-at-the-seams-saddle-worn seats with gum on them have been replaced with slick highbacks; the garbled, scratchy sound system has been eighty-sixed for a high-end digital one; and even the screens themselves have a sharper, digitized image. Add less-expensive-than-usual snacks to the mix, as well as cheesy memorabilia in the lobby, and you've got the makings of a classy movie experience! What's not to like about this place? Well, keep in mind that this venue opened before the dawn of time, so don't go expecting stadium-style sightlines that all the new places have these days. Also, think Wal-Mart when it comes to the clientele. North Scottsdale it ain't! Which means the customers aren't always as quiet as a mouse during the film. (Though, keep in the mind that the type of film being shown on any given screen will obviously attract different types of crowds.) But, otherwise, you can't beat the price, and the seats, sound, and picture quality are decent. So live it up with all the money you'll save visiting this theater; instead of going to those other places with their make-the-eyes-water ticket prices, as well as snack bar rates that make the menu at a fancy, 5-star restaurant seem like K-mart blue-light specials. Your savings will help finance the kids' Ivy League-college fund, or maybe help with that down payment on the mansion in Paradise Valley you've had your eye on. The choices are endless. Enjoy!
5	This is a great neighborhood theater and deserves your support.  Nice environment with movie memorabilia and atmosphere, great prices, upgraded seats are far more comfortable than the old seats, and upgraded sound system and projection.  Nice local neighborhood theater, a phenomenal value.  Thanks Mr. Pollack for keeping this business going and investing time, money and effort!  We appreciate what you've done!
4	Have enjoyed your theater many times and certainly would attend more often if it were not for the great distance.  We live in Sun City West and would really like to suggest some thought to opening a theater in that northwest vicinity.   With the communities of Sun City, Sun City West, Sun City Grand and Surprise, I believe the attendance level would be excellent.   Meanwhile we shall continue to visit the Tempe location whenever possible.  Thank you.
5	Best movie deal in town!  Pollack Tempe Cinemas, home of $3 movies and $2 Tuesdays.  No, they aren't first run movies, but they aren't that far off either.For the prices, this place cannot be beat.  In my opinion, the concessions at Pollack Theater are even better than the larger movie complexes....the popcorn is always hot and fresh and you will end up spending about half or better of what you are used to at other theaters.If you happened to miss a movie by a couple weeks at other theaters, check the Pollack show times because you can often catch it there.
5	$2 for a movie per person, on Tuesday ($3 other days). Awesome! The theaters are the old style - non-stadium seating - but that didnt bother me. Lots of seating and the seats seemed to be the same comfort level as the expensive theaters. The concession stand seemed to be cheaper as well. $4 for a souvenir cup ($1.50 refills for as long as you have the cup) and $5 for a large popcorn that gets you one free refill while still there.Movie and sound was great.I actually really liked the clay figurines of characters. I am fairly fond of Star Wars so seeing a lot of those guys was pretty cool. The kid likes pirates so he was all about Jack Sparrow and Davey Jones.Cant get much better for a dollar theater IMHO.
3	Myself and a few co workers were working to put together a company sponsored outting for all of employees (600).  COMMUNICATION:It was difficult working with the manager.  He would not provide us with an itemized package to choose from.  He wrote everything in an email, and in some areas of the email, gave us misinformation.He blatantly told us he did not want us to have our event on a Friday, even though that was the best day that worked for us.  He told us that we were costing him money if we held it on a Friday. How so?  We expected and paid for 290 employees plus we paid for them to have a small popcorn and drink each.  In addition, some of the employees used their own money to purchase more concessions.  I have never been to one of their movies and seen the auditorium sold out, so how did we cost him money by hosting our event on a Friday?I find found him to be nonprofessional.  He could not give us a list of movies until the week of the event.  This did not work for us.  We decided to bring our own DVD at which point, we were told would be an additional $450.  What?  Why wasn't this stated in our first communications?  This was never mentioned.  THE DAY OF TH EVENT:This went off w/o a hitch.  Our employees were happy.  The half our before the show, we had beach balls bouncing around and music playing.  We did movie trivia with prizes.  The movie that we got to choose was good.  We heard good feedback from our employees.In conclusion, I do not think that we will host another event with Pollack Cinemas.   They really need to work on customer service and providing detailed information.
4	Not a horrible price for a movie that is weeks away from coming on DVD.  Great service seats aren't great.  Good for the money.
4	Cult Classics shows get five stars from me. As a discount movie theater, this place is nifty. Movies are $2-$3 depending on the day for slightly on-the-cusp of DVD release flicks. I like the funky vibe, wacky displays and kind of grass-roots feel though the Raggmuffins of Rock are...uh, interesting/the thing of nightmares. The seats and projections are outdated and a bit mediocre, but really, who is going to complain when you can go see a film for $2 and the snack selection is also discounted accordingly?
4	Watched x-men for $3 per person! I don't know about you, but that basically FREE for me. It may be a small theatre but it is packed with cool props. Ranging from statues of Elvis and Marilyn Monroe to Sharpay from High School Musical. It is pretty cool. The only thing I would "complain" is the lack of runway lights in the actual theatre room. Granted, my friends and I came late to the movie so I guess it is fair. However, I think at least some lights on the floor other than the projector screen would be helpful especially walking out of the room. Overall, though, I know I will be back. Cheap movies = May is there!
5	$2 to $3 for a movie is amazing! Free refills on popcorn and they allow pets as long as they are small and in a bag or purse! The movies arent new but they're new enough, just a month or two removed from the theaters. Love this place. Our go to theatre.
4	I have been coming here since I was little. It feels like stepping back into childhood (in a good way). Great prices for everything! Once a month Cult Classics puts on an older film (separate from the theaters regular pricing, staff, etc). Great place to catch movies missed in big theaters for a better price. :-)
5	Fun little dollar theater and it even has an arcade and a ton of movie props and wax people.
5	I love it here. As far as dollar theaters go, it's not in a sketchy part of town and the staff is kind and helpful. I love that they offer a souvenir cup, even if the candy and other concessions are still a little pricey. The theaters are always clean and I love the arcade/cheesy movie cut-out atmosphere. It's a fun place and a great way to spend an afternoon. And if don't end up absolutely loving the movie you see, at least it was only $3, right?
5	This theater us the best discount cinema you will ever visit, period. Management has invested a lot into a quality movie experience, from projection to excellent seating. It is affordable, centrally located, and has a terrific professional staff. I love coming here!
5	I love it the staff is friendly and the prices are wonderful. This is a wonderful place to bring your family
3	The experience at Pollack was pretty awesome. Lots of neat things to view in the lobby area. The game room, though it included all outdated games,  was fantastic. The games in the arcade area are mostly classic and from what I saw 25 cents was the price for most. The seating reminds me of being on an airplane. There is very little incline from front to back, so we had to deal with a couple of annoying kids who could not stay seated or find the bottom of the popcorn bag. Be very strategic when selecting your seats. There is also an annoying light above the back row of the single aisle theater that does not turn off.  Anyway, $2 on a Tuesday can not be beat.
