5	I am so excited that Los Sombreros has opened a new location closer to me in North Scottsdale.  For years they have been serving the best upscale Mexican food in the Valley and with the new location I can enjoy it more often.I was here today for lunch and everything was great.  The salsa for the chips was amazing.  My chiliquiles were delicious and the service was fantastic.I can't wait to come back for happy hour and dinner in the very near future.
5	The ten courses for two special is PHENOMENAL and just might be as good as it gets for Mexican Cuisine in this area. You can't help being delighted with all the bountiful flavorful tasty plates that give you the feeling you were on a tour along Central Mexico. Everything  we tried was delicious and our dining companions were also thrilled and impressed with the well crafted food. (This now is a new favorite of theirs too.) Many other great Mexican cuisine can be found around town but what's here at Los Sombreros it's a finer dining experience with a very comfortable attractive dining room and shaded patio and very attentive service. I thought a few things to go wrong since this was their first weekend open and the multi course menu requires above average service but to my surprise things went well like clockwork.For $75. the menu per couple went like this.Chips and salsa(2) Corn Chowder Soups(2) Crispy Hibiscus TacosFig and Panela Cheese SaladCrab and Mango SaladSnapper and Corn in Chipotle Balsamic honey sauceTrout and Cauliflower in lemon butter caper sauceChicken Breast stuffed with goat cheese, huitlacohe in chipotle tomato sauceChile RellenosPork Chop with tamarind moleHouse Made Ice CreamYou should plan the ten course event to take over two hours to enjoy.
3	Corn cake souffle with mole was DELICIOUS!!!!  We also tried the chips & salsa (I didn't love the warm salsa, it was a little tomato-y for me), the hibiscus quesadilla which was outstanding, and the three x crispy taco deal with three mini crispy tacos - we tried picadillo beef, potato and chicken.  I didn't try the chicken, hubby loved it, I loved the other two - potato is soooo good.  Nice selection of Mexican draft beers.Now for the downside....They missed the Pozole on the order (didn't charge but still annoying).  The crispy tacos, we asked for the $2 for three flavors deal, they charged us for three full orders at $8 each.  They charged us for the chips and salsa despite the fact that the woman taking the call said it would be waived for the difficulty they had in taking my order.  We will be back, just careful to review the bill/order from now on.
2	A great menu that isn't the standard cookie-cutter fajitas and burritos mexican menu.  A lot of very good choices.  The staff has the feel of a family run business with everyone very friendly.We went to the North Scottsdale location and we must have caught them on an off night however.  The kitchen was backed up even though the restaurant was less than half full and it took 45minutes to get tacos and pollo con espinacas although people seated after us were getting their meals quickly.  When it came, the vegetables in the espinacas were still icy although the chicken was warm so i'm not sure the order everything was put together.  My water glass was cracked and even though I pointed it out early, it wasn't replaced.  Our waitress was very apologetic for the delay and the cracked glass, but no consideration was made on the bill and for a restaurant charging a premium, I expected more.  We probably won't go back.
4	Los Sombreros (downtown Scottsdale) is one of my husband's favorite restaurants but due to its location and small parking lot, it wasn't one of our frequent dining destinations. Now that a location opened up down the street from us in North Scottsdale, we are so happy! We came here opening weekend and were surprised to find it wasn't packed. There were a few diners outside enjoying the lovely patio and a smattering of folks inside. The actual inside has tons of room - a front dining area that leads into the bar, a side dining area, and a back dining area. We originally wanted to sit outside, but after finding it a bit chilly we decided to move inside. We sat at a nice booth that faced the bar and open kitchen. This location's design choices seem drastically different from the Downtown location - more of a family friendly/Mexican chain feeling. This isn't bad in anyway, just different. It is still very nicely decorated and I loved the tables and large glass mirrors. To start, I ordered the margarita de coco (a coconut margarita) and my husband ordered La Damiana (a margarita with Damiana liquer).  Since it was opening weekend, it took a long time for our drinks to arrive. My husband wasn't too impressed with his drink, but he wanted to try something new so that's on him. I knew perfectly well how a coconut margarita should taste and mine wasn't very coconutty. The pineapple juice really overpowered the drink. It was good, but not what I was expecting. After our drinks arrived, complimentary chips and salsa arrived. They were good to munch on, since we were hungry and couldn't wait for our meals to arrive.Halfway through our drinks (and we are slow drinkers) our meals finally arrived. I ordered the Puerco en Chipotle because that is my favorite - slow cooked pork in a chipotle sauce with a sprinkling of cheese on top. Simple, yet oh-so delicious. Normally, my husband and I would order this and split but we decided to get our own dishes that night. Good thing we did because the portions were much smaller than the portions served up at the downtown Los Sombreros location. It was still delicious. My husband ordered the Camarones Al Tequila - which are shrimps in a chipotle cream sauce and some bacon. It was uber yummy. My husband really enjoyed his meal. Overall, our food was fantastic and tasted the same as the Downtown location. Taste-wise, it met our expectations. The drinks and service could use some improvement, but it was opening weekend. Our server was extremely nice and constantly smiling. She even apologized for the slowness and gave us a coupon to use for our next visit. It was a very nice touch and we will definitely be back.
2	We love Mexican food. In a bad way. Why does a place with amazing food (espinaca queso, crispy potato tacos, steak tacos) less than 10 minutes away from our house with a beautiful (albeit overlooking Gold's Gym) patio get 2 stars?No water. Requested multiple times from both server and food runner. Server clearly remembered I had asked for water about 10 minutes before and got really weird. Just apologize and bring water! Don't stay silent and awkward and avoid us!I'm a habitual 20% tipper to a fault...not this time. This place lost me as a potential regular.
2	We three went last night and all had great meals withe excellent service.Great wine and draft beer list.  We will be back often and tell our friendsTo also go.We have been back three times and I take back my original review which was 4 stars.  My wife's cheese enchiladas had no cheese, and I mean none.My tacos and quesidelas  were mostly over fried with almost no filling.The last two visits were similar.  They also have a weird wine list, a Pinot was $50 for a bottle and 25 for a glass?  Also the glasses of wine are a third thePrice of a bottle for a very small pour.We had high hopes for Los Sombreros but will go back to our favorite,the Spotted Donkey for A Mex fix.
1	I'm not sure where to begin but from the moment we walked in the door the service was terrible. Our server had absolutely no personality and nor did anyone we saw. Then the food, mediocre at best. My tacos were not chicken, (which is what i ordered ) and for $47 (including tip) for LUNCH with NO cocktails I think it is safe to say we will never be returning. I work down the street as a hairstylist and unfortunately will be sharing our experience. Any Mexican restaurant that charges for chips and salsa automatically looses points. What a disappointment.
1	Awful place... First off the wait took forever to get seated around 3pm on a Thursday. The hostess seemed unsimpathetic to our concerns. But we decided to continue on, the margaritas we had were way to heavy with the sweet and sour. The food came out 35 minutes after we ordered, again for the time it should not have been busy. The server didn't even apologize and as well didn't being the additional hot sauce I requested. In short, this place really isn't worth your time.
2	I was thrilled that a potentially great mexican restaurant moved in near me.  Just wished it turned out to be more thrilling.  Had problems with service, completely inflexible.  Kitchen managed to muck up a basic of quesadilla order.  Server was incredulous that we might want that fixed.  And she questioned what a quesadilla should be, tried to take the kids menu from my 5 year old boy so she could read & verify WHILE he was coloring it with crayons.  Couldn't she just get herself  another menu?  They really need better servers.  And it was pretty expensive for a lunch time meal that was really just mediocre.
3	I came in and it was in mid day so it was completely empty.  The server was very nice and attentive.  It was a fantastic quite spot to sit down and hide out, but the food wasn't what I expected.  I honestly didn't really understand the menu and in my experience that either means the food is amazing, or just ok... It's definitely a more gourmet Mexican spot.  They have a huge tequila section I might be back for, but not the food.
5	Finally authentic Mexican in north Scottsdale!Btw to Review/Maria if you really lived in Mexico you'd know they don't have an inch of Cheddar on their beans!!
5	I love the downtown Scottsdale location and was ecstatic to see one open closer to where I live.The new place still feels very new, has plenty of parking and lots of room.The food, just as with the downtown location, is superb.  I love Tex-Mex but it's a real treat to get an authentic Mexican meal like what Los Sombreros serves.  The guacamole is wonderful and I've never been disappointed with a dish.
2	I went to Los on a slow Tuesday night.. it took over 5 minutes for someone to take our drink orders and another 5 minutes to get our drinks.  The waitress had to cone back two times to clarify our order.  We ordered tacos and the chicken enchiladas.   Both were incredibly bland, no flavor at all.  When they are charging 17$ for a dish I have higer expectations.  The best part of my meal was the beans.   Ins short.. bad service.. boring food.. I will not be going back.
1	We won't be back.  My husband ordered the 3 tacos with ground beef and raisins. The server came back and said they were out!  So he ordered chicken tacos.  Bad choice!  They were fried to a crisp and the small amount of chicken in each one was as dry as could be and NO flavor. When the server finally came back to our table, she didn't seem to even care.  He told her he wasn't paying for it and didn't want anything else.  I had the crab and mango salad for $12.95. It  was very small and just ok.  Also had the corn souffle which was not that good.  We expected delicious food and great service.  Never happened!
1	Seriously this was terrible, a real shame as I had heard that the original location had some of the best Mexican food in Phoenix.  My husband and I love authentic Mexican (not just the cheese and sour cream loaded places you find around town), so the menu looked promising,BUT...don't waste your time here.  My chicken was inedible and my husband's soup was really watered down.  Plus the service was atrocious for a place that was not busy when we were there. Shame.
1	I rarely am motivated enough to write reviews but after tonight's awful experience at Los Sombreros, I felt I must.  We are visiting my parents and they were very excited to try this "new" restaurant that had recently been reviewed in the paper.  How sorry they are.Our party of 7 called at 6:30pm and asked about arriving at 7pm for a party of seven.  "No problem" and "what's your name?" was the response and off we went.  We arrived and the greeter/hostesses were rude and said they didn't show a reservation for us.  We pointed it out and they said they couldn't honor/accommodate us.  As they saw our jaw drops, they akwardly walked off and tried to piece something together.  They offered us a table in the bar OR said we could wait 20 minutes for a table in the main dining room.  Having 3 kids with us, we elected for the bar.  We were seated at about 7:05 and then, after having our orders for drinks/food taken at 7:25, we still didn't receive anything (drinks or chips) until 7:45.  The drinks were wrong.  My 6-year old daughter ordered lemonade and was told they had it;  they didn't and brought her a Sprite.  She said she had ordered lemonade and they said they didn't hear her. They said they had "homemade" limeade so she agreed.  When it arrived at 8:00, she tasted it and told us it tasted weird.  My husband tried it and said it was margarita mix.  Seriously?   After numerous drink mix-ups and having servers come and verify and re-verify certain food orders, they brought our food out at 8:15.  Things were looking up!  The food:  2 of us got the smoked chicken enchiladas and they were good.  One of us got the carnitas and he said it was just "ok."  The rice tasted awful but the beans were decent.  The food was all pretty cold (definitely the kitchen had not timed the food prep/service well) but we were done complaining.  It was up to them and they seemed to know we were not happy as the owner continued to avoid us like the plague despite her servers telling her how badly things were going at our table.  Chips were good, hot sauce was watered down and almost tasteless.The check:  Upon the conclusion of our meal, the check was delivered.  There was an add'l drink on there (the extra Sprite from the earlier mix up) and upon us asking, they responded but we brought you the limeade.  Well, that was on there too!  Also, the mandatory gratuity was included b/c we were a party of 7.  Are you kidding me?  The owner is there, never comes over to apologize and then they charge us for everything and include gratuity?  I spoke with the server, told her that despite her best efforts, it was a misreable experience and that we were very disappointed having driven 30 minutes.  She apologized and said she had spoken to the owner and told her but that she didn't care.  Seriously?  I will NEVER waste my time here again and am flabbergasted that this place is still in business after 8 weeks.  It will not last given it's current state.  They were clearly understaffed and yet the owner continued to seat large parties despite the obvious breakdown in all aspects. Do not waste your time going to this location.  This place needs a manager and obviously NOT the owner running the place.  She was rude (I saw her get into it with 2 other customers) and I saw 2 tables leave.  She obviously doesn't care about what the customers think and she avoided our table going so far as to hide in the kitchen until we left.   Shameful and awful.  This review would not have been written had she come out, apologized for the lack of service and bought us a round of drinks just to show that she was committed to making a bad situation better.
5	Honestly the best Mexican food in town. I grew up on the border and have a lot of family in Mexico. It is hard to find food this good even in Mexico. Try the Chicharron Quesadilla. It's not like most quesadillas at all, it has a mild savory flavor that is difficult to describe but I promise you won't regret it. The Lamb Adobo was my favorite entree. It is a very large portion so come with an appetite. Oh and I can't forget to mention the guacamole, it's hard to get such a simple dish right but they nailed it. All in all a great dining experience and this new location has a much larger indoor dining room for those really hot or really cold days when sitting on the patio is not really an option.
1	This was soooo disappointing.  Service was terrible. We watched 3 parties walk out because they weren't getting any service.  The Mexican food was authentic, but our adult daughter commented that the vegetables looked like what she buys at Traders Joes, fresh out of a bag-and these tasted like it.  The staff pressures you to order appetizers.  If you order appetizers the chips and salsa are free but if you order 3 meals all over $20. each, plan on paying for the chips...it does state free when you order an appetizer on the menu, but seriously that is just silly!  Another Scottsdale business that won't and shouldn't make it!
1	Omg.  Please save your money and stay away from this place.  Waited forty five minutes before we got our food. Ate two basket of chips because we waited soooooo long. Everyone around us was waiting. We paid $87 for three people and we had no alcohol .This place is expensive and it sucks.
1	Upon entering the restaurant we were greeted by a bartender. I went to the restroom and upon my return found my husband still waiting to be seated.  After a few minutes together, we asked the bartender if someone was going to seat us or if we should seat ourselves.  He replied "oops, sorry about that, I can seat you".  We should have left right then and there because for the rest of the evening we were treated as though we were invisible. . Our waiter was disinterested in us, and we waited over 45 minutes to get our food on an evening when the restaurant was not full.  The food was OK., we did enjoy the wine selection.   My husband and I are accustomed to high-end restaurants and thoroughly enjoy mom and pop restaurants. We would not spend money here again.
4	Other reviewers have pointed this out, but I must be emphatic - Los Sombreros does not do ANY of the standard Mexican dishes done in the other Phoenix Mexican restaurants.  To reiterate - Someone used to our Mexican food will not find one entree on Los Sombreros' menu that they have had before.It is with this new found reality that my family found itself desperate to find the waitress before she filled our drink orders so we could leave.  I really do have some of the most closed minded eaters around me.  No cheese crisp!  No fried logs covered in enchilada sauce!  We all looked and looked through the menu and even though I'm pretty familiar will most of the dishes, even I couldn't find something that I thought they could do.  Our waitress appeared with our drinks (yikes!) so I explained our ignorance and asked her for recommendations.  She was so understanding, and immediately asked each person what they usually like and directed them to something on the menu that filled the bill.  Every person at the table loved what they got, and they even sent over some chips and salsa to help us feel more at home.I had the chicken with mole, and it was seriously the best mole I've ever had, even in Mexico.  It was light, whereas mole can sometimes get very rich.  The tacos the others had were excellent.By the way, the wine list is by far the best I've seen at a Mexican restaurant.  I had a really good glass of Pinot Noir.
2	We saw a great review in the  republic recently and decided to hAve our anniversary dinner here.  A big mistake!  it is expensive and the food is not good.  we ordered patron silver margaritas for $22 and they had no mix at all - just ice and tequila.  A watered down drink that I should have sent back.  it was the worst margarita I have ever had.  We could not have the happy hour price on our appetizer because we chose to sit in the restaurant section for dinner afterward instead of the bar.  This makes no sense to me because we were just a few feet away.  We ordered the soft rib eye tacos and guacamole.  The tacos were awful and full of gristle.  The guacamole was good and the salsa and chips excellent.  Service was very slow.  We ate two baskets of chips waiting for our dinner so needless to say we took half home.  Our entrees were the pork carnitas and seafood crepes.  The crepes were very good and the pork not so much - very bland with little flavor.  The rice side had been reheated many times and not fresh and was also bland.  The mixed veggie side was very good.  We sat near the patio doors and froze because they would not keep the doors shut.  Our server tried but could not answer even the simplest questions and ran off to ask someone else.  The ambience is good and so is the location but we will not be going back.  Our bill was $100 and for this amount it should have been better.
2	When will restaurant owners learn that great service is as important, perhaps more important, than great food?  Just left Los Sombreros North ... first visit .... was looking for a late workday lunch.   OK food, high prices, no chips (extra charge), no water,  no ice tea refill.   They weren't even busy.  $14.05 plus $2.00 tip for me.   Still hungry ..... think I will go to Costco for a $1.60 hot dog + soda.   Never again.
1	Visited Sunday afternoon after a round of golf. Dishes were stacked up everywhere and it took 10 minutes to get a beer.  Another couple that came in the same time as us walked out. Soft tacos were tiny and lacking flavor. Salsa was also lacking flavor and served in a chipped bowl. Refried beans were homemade and the best thing about the experience.
5	While I heard they have other locations, this is the very first time we went to this (new) location on Northsight Blvd. Amazing food.  I struggled with the menu because it is so different from Mexican restaurants. I don't remember what the name of it was but it was shredded pork with a chipoltle sauce with corn tortillas. FABULOUS! Service was good and the place was very busy. I am looking forward to returning!
2	Ok, tonight was our last trip to Los Sombreros.  We have gotten take out a few times since my last review and the order has been wrong each time but this is the last straw.  We ordered a bunch of items and when my husband went to pick it up he asked if the order was checked..."yup, everything is in there" he was told.  When he got home it was missing almost $20 worth of food.  He called quickly and we were informed that there is no manager there tonight - a Saturday night with no manager?  The guy was short with him on the call and offered to credit us for the missing items, how generous!  When my husband asked him to make sure the manager hears about this the guy hung up on him. They had to credit us back in January but needed two calls to get that done and they kept the tax, a small but annoying detail.  Let's see if they actually even credit us for tonight's mistake.The food is pretty good which is why I still give two stars but it doesn't make up for the experience.  They just can't seem to get it together with their staff.
1	I tried Los Sombreros for lunch with a few coworkers last week, and we did not have a pleasant experience.  Some of the food was really good, some food not so great, and the service was possibly the worst I have ever received at any restaurant in my life.First impressions on arrival where that the restaurant appeared to by very nice and clean.  I liked the atmosphere, but perhaps the very low number of patrons should have been an indicator to run.As we reviewed the menu, we started to notice some things.  They charge for chips and salsa, and there is only one free refill of chips.  Also, at least on the lunch specials, we noticed that you are forced to choose between either rice or beans as a side.  We were shocked.  We had never seen this before at a Mexican restaurant, and this was our chance to run, but we decided to stay and try this place out.As the waiter arrived to take our drink orders, we indicated that we would need separate checks.  He said that it's not possible to split our check.  Now, this was not our first visit to a restaurant, so we knew that it was possible to split a check.  We proceeded to challenge our waiter on this.  When we did, he said that he would have to open a separate table for each person in our lunch party and that our food would come out at all different times because of the busy lunch time rush.  Keep in mind that at this point two or three other tables were occupied in the entire restaurant.  We finally gave in and just went along with the single check policy.When we received our food (all items from the lunch specials), we noticed that the portions were extremely small.  It was almost laughable.  Since we had to choose between rice or beans, we all chose beens.  Everyone agreed that the beens were not good at all.  It's amazing... I mean they figured our how to mess up refried beans.  I think everyone was disappointed by the quantity of food.  Especially for the price.I must say that the enchilada (although only being one enchilada) tasted really good.  That was until I was about half way finished and I found a hair in it.  I was still hungry after only finishing half of my small portion, but I decided that was enough for me.  I notified my waiter that I found a hair in my food and that I was finished eating.  I asked  him to remove my plate.  A couple minutes later, a woman came back with my plate and questioned me about the location of the hair.  When I could no longer locate the hair, she insulted me by saying, "Was it an invisible hair?"  Someone at my table chimed in to tell her that they had seen it too, so she took the plate back to the kitchen.  When I thought that was all over, she brought my plate back a couple minutes later at asked me if the hair was from corn.  She then proceeded to show me a hair from a corn husk that was mixed in with the food and asked me if that was what I had seen.  It wasn't the same coarseness or color at all.  She finally went away and never came back, and fortunately they didn't charge us for that plate.We had high hopes for Los Sombreros, but things just didn't pan out.  Although some of the food items were great, portions were low and prices were high.  Service was lacking entirely.For anyone thinking about trying Los Sombreros, I would certainly recommend staying away.For anyone at Los Sombreros that is reading this, It's not to late to change your ways.  Stop being so cheap with your portions and work on your service.  Even though we didn't like the portions, the beans, the hair, or paying for tortilla chips, we could have had a pleasant experience if the staff had handled things differently.  Your restaurant seems unorganized and the people there are unhappy and it trickled down and polluted our entire experience.
5	Los Sombreros was truly a WONDERFUL place. We went for lunch, and got the chips with salsa and guacamole, which was the BEST POSSIBLE STARTER!!! For a main course, I got the Carne Asada (beef) and it was amazing! It was the perfect portion, but I had a lot of chips and guacamole, so it may be a little small,or even too small, depending on your appetite. Also, we got the Chicken Emoulada, which was delicious. It was not too filling, and even a little tangy, but in the best way possible. It was perfect! The service & atmosphere were wonderful. We *thoroughly* enjoyed ourselves!!
5	I'm a sucker for amazing GUAC, chips and salsa! Atmosphere is great, food is even better!
4	Los Sombreros is genuine Mexican dining. I spent two summers living in Mexico, enjoyed family meals. Los Sombreros brings back all those memories with its authentic Mexican seasonings, sauces, and my favorite, Mexican cheeses. I am quite picky on Mexican restaurants, I confess to a rare taco/enchilada/rice/bean lunch combo Tex/ Mex style.Those restaurants are exactly what Los Sombreros is not. It is unique and my only choice for true, flavorful dining. Favorite on the menu-hard to say-I love the lamb adobo, the chile relleno, and there are always the tacos. The difficult choice is go with a favorite or venture out with something new. Margaritas-good.   Service-never had a problem. Highly recommend.
1	Food was not good and expensive for the little amount we got. The worse part was the service! Our waitress didn't come to our table for over 15 minutes after we arrived. Luckily the food came out fast! Only to wait over 30 minutes for her to come back to us so we could ask for the check! Ridiculously bad service and they weren't even busy! We will not be going back... I don't recommend you wasting your time. Oh and we are still hungry.
3	The food was good. Not what you'd normally find in a traditional Mexican restaurant.  The guacamole was excellent. Great selection of tequila. Chips were fresh, green sauce was great.
3	My husband and I went last night at 4:30pm for an early dinner since we had an appointment at 6pm in Cave Creek. We never thought that the service we be so slow we wouldn't get out of there until 6pm so we weren't able to make our appointment. Even though it was the day before Cinco de Mayo the place was almost empty so I couldn't say why the service was so slow. Despite how long it took the food was amazing. The chicken mole enchiladas was delicious and make sure you save room for desert. They make all the deserts there even the ice cream. The chocolate cake was delicious with a side of their ice cream that the waiter described as a brown sugar molasses flavor; very good. Great Margaritas too! The menu is not your standard Mexican restaurant fare and the prices are a little higher than the usual too. We will return but only when we have ample time to spare.
1	My wife and I left this evening (Cinco de Mayo) without being served or approached 15 minutes after seating ourselves in the bar. When we got up to leave the manager/bar tender asked where we were going, and when I told her wasn't any staff to wait on us on this usually bust night in Mexican restauarants she said ahe didn't have time for any complaints...totally non-professional.Needless to say, we won't return in the future.
2	Stay away. Salsa is bland and under seasoned, portions are tiny and expensive, rice OR beans (not both), chips and salsa cost extra and include only one refill on chips. If you want to get nickel and dimed and leave disappointed, this is the place for you.
5	This restaurant is amazing! The staff always has great customer service! I love the chile rellenos!!!
5	Awesome food! Come here if you are an adventurous eater, as they have some not-so-average choices! Hibiscus tacos, corn chowder, and crab and mango salad are only a few of the many delicious items! Our waiter was very caring and descriptive of the food, and we definitely will return!!!
5	It finally hit me that this is the same place as their other Scottsdale location so we rushed over as I've had several great experiences there and knew the food was fantastic. The choices were difficult as many things sounded great so my son and I opted to share the 10 course tasting menu which was as amazing as it sounded! My daughter ordered from the kids menu and got a generous portion that she loved too. This is not your ordinary Mexican fare so don't come expecting a big menu of fajitas and burritos. If you want crap Mexican food like Arriba, go to Arriba but if you want great food, come around the block here and you won't be sorry.
5	This ain't Macayo's folks. It ain't Los Dos Molinos, either.If your only exposure to Mexican food is Tex-Mex, AZ-Mex, or NM-Mex, you will probably find yourself dazed and confused. This is more in line with what you will find in the interior of Mexico.It's also delicious. Try the duck enchiladas covered in a smoky mole sauce. The seafood, either as enchiladas or just as a fish entree is also excellent. The flavors of the ingredients really come through and the food isn't heavy.Service is friendly and they have a great patio. Margaritas are top-notch: even the well margarita uses decent tequila.
2	I order a shot of tequila and it came with a little chaser that was amazing after I ordered a margarita that was delicious. The drinks are great, the prices are steep. The food was very over priced for what it was. I was unhappy with my entrees.
4	I've been twice to the restaurant both for Happy Hour, and have enjoyed pretty every item on the HHr menu, from the empanadas, tacos, corned-souffle, fig and panela salad, etc.  The tacos and empanadas fillings were unique with the chiccaron, picadillo, huailcacoche, amongst the choice of chicken and potato, but we wanted to venture something different from the average.   The tamarind margarita was smooth sweet and soury, just as I like it.  We received free chips and salsa-maybe this was different from the past.    The service and prices were right on.  We will continue to return as I'm bored with other types of Tex-Mex menus and since this menu provides a fresh and well-prepared fare. .
5	My husband and I had not been to Los Sombreros since we first started dating and on a whim decided to revisit tonight.  After a horrible service experience revisiting Carlsbad Taverns earlier (*see review*), we were hopeful that our fond memories of Los Sombreros would hold true while visiting with our young son this evening.  From the moment we entered, we were immediately immersed in the warm and welcoming environment that we recalled: For lack of a better description it is relaxing yet vibrant all in the same and clientele are fed and treated like close friends and family. The staff is extremely personable and gives the feeling that they are genuinely happy to have your company.  Our waitress, Miriam provided outstanding service and was genuinely friendly towards the three of us as well as towards her other patrons.  The food was just as delicious if not better than we remembered.  The highlight was the chicken chili relleno...Yes, we scraped up every last drop of sauce from our plate:-)  In spite of our adverse experience at Carlsbad Tavern earlier in the evening (*see review*) Miriam and the rest of the staff that assisted us helped to make for a night we will likely remember fondly for quite some time.  We will definitely be back to Los Sombreros very soon, and will make a point bring family and friends when they come to visit.  Thank you Miriam, chef and staff for a fabulous evening!Sincerely,Carolyn, Matt and Michael
1	I will never visit this establishment again--due to the owner's xenophobic remarks about how caucasian women raise their children, and I am married to a hispanic! Don't think that your ugly attitude and remarks were not in earshot of your reprimanding the waitress--and all over two lousy bucks add on for tortillas! Sick. Her dropping the Fbomb and shouting at a waitress for not removing a cap of Perrier before bringing to the table was also loud and clear. I would never want my Perrier uncapped before it arrives to my table.
5	Last minute date night. We caught happy hour and had amazing food and drinks. The chorizo fundido, crunchy chicken tacos, and margaritas were perfect. Warm and welcoming staff, beautiful patio, and great food and drinks.
5	We have been fans of the original location on Scottsdale Rd for years. We were very pleased when they opened a North Scottsdale location and are open for lunch. The owner rotates the kitchen staff between locations so the food quality is consistent. The ingredients are top notch and fresh. The food is not the typical Tex-Mex that we're all used to in Arizona. This food is from    central Mexico and delicious. Some of my favorites are the hibiscus tacos and enchiladas. All of the pork dishes are great. The adobo sauce is superb. It is a special treat to find huitlacochi on a menu. The chocolate tamale is a wonderful desert. Other reviews mentioned that you had to choose between rice or beans and that chips/salsa were charged. I don't think that is true. We had the choice of black beans with veggies or refried beans with rice. Chips and salsa were complimentary. The owner was present on a Sunday evening, so that shows she really cares. Prices are reasonable. It's great, give the North location of Los Sombreros a try!
5	Los Sombreros is a nice casual environment with high quality food. The food is absolutely delightful and unique. It is most definitely not your average Americanized Mexican food. The happy hour specials are exceptional enough to create a possible regular outing to Los Sombreros after work, but what really is absolutely amazing is the Lamb Adobo. It's a delight and brings forth ecstasy upon every bite. The staff is wonderful and friendly as well.
1	If you are looking for a place where you are treated like the food they serve, Eureka! You have found it!  From the water bottles, cups, cigarette buds and make shift sign all prior to entering the restaurant, should've read the writing in the wall.  Upon entering and being sat by a pleasant host/server(highlight of the visit) the bartender who served us was cordial but I asked myself "why does he get to eat prior to us?" It was 12:20 in the afternoon and he and the other employee were eating while we were waiting for them to serve us the food in the window right in front of us.  I was feeling sorry for the glassware that walked by us because it was violated by the server/bartender with all of those fingers up in it.  The food, honestly why serve it?  The milkshake concoction they called refried beans accompanied by the 2 inch tortillas for $11.95.  Words of wisdom to the owner, please re-evaluate your standards from the front door to the back!  Oh yea, the hungry bartender never washed his hands after the violating of the glassware or the shoveling of the food into his face.  That and the chip cloth that comes with your chips being immediately re-used, not right at any level.
5	Seriously have not had a good mexican meal like this in a while! The environment is very authentic and and classy. The server was very friendly, she knew everything I asked about on the menu. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and it was SO good. Not like a lot of the chain Mexican food around town. It was a really authentic , high quality recipe. The black beans were perfect, with a little cheese on top. And it was so good I had to order dessert. The homemade flan topped off my experience here, and it was just great. Thanks for a great experience guys, I'll be back many many times!
5	Update: had to go back again. Got the tamales this time and they were also amazing! Officially one of my favorite restaurants!
5	Oh Los Sombreros, you steal my heart every single time!!! I have dreams about your hibiscus enchiladas. Each time I eat there I can't wait to come back the next time! It's always amazing to me how many people are foodies living in the Valley and somehow have never been your restaurant. I've always been to the original, never to the new location. I just love the ambiance of that one. Tucked away, a quiet nice surprise when newbies come with me. It's always fun showing them for the first time. The queso fundito, I typically get the shrimp, is right on point. Your margaritas are awesome, however had led me to some rough mornings the next day!! The last time we came it my boyfriend and I did the tasting menu, as it was his first time and I thought it would be nice for him to try multiple things. I think it's a great concept and has some really nice diverse choices. Every time I've been your staff is helpful and friendly without being too overbearing at the table. I recommend you to out of town guests every time! Thank you for your continued commitment to Valley dining! See you very soon!
2	Whoa.  Went to Los Sombreros on a Friday night at 5 and we were the only people at the bar.  Only one table in the restaurant had guests.  The bartender made very little effort to welcome us.  We were never offered chips and salsa or water.  We really wanted to like this place because it is close to home, but we left before ordering food.  Guess we will have to find a time when it has a few more customers so we can get a better atmosphere to try the food.
5	We visit the north Scottsdale location.  Every time we go, one of us orders the carnitas.  So good and a large portion.  The duck enchiladas with mole sauce are wonderful.  We have also had the fabulous lamb shank.  We have probably tried more items on this menu than most restaurants we frequent and honestly, everything is wonderful.  The depth of flavor in the dishes is amazing.  This is not smothered in cheese bland Mexican food.  This is authentic. The service is always great too.
2	Sub par.  Too expensive for too little mediocre food.  Not likely to return.  Beans are soupy and taste like dish water, better suited for a straw than fork.  Salsa is horrible.  One small mediocre enchilada for $10.  Sat on patio which was very nice.  Staff not at all attendant, such as soda glass was empty for more than 5 minutes with them frequently walking by.  Finally after waiting almost 10 minutes asked for and got my check.
3	Really poor service keeps this place from being 4 or 5-stars because the food is really good.We had seen that Los Sombreros was called one of the best Mexican restaurants in Scottsdale by several magazines, newspapers, etc, but we were skeptical of coming here because of the 3-star rating on yelp. When we dug into the ratings it seemed like there were a lot of 1-star ratings because of bad service. After having dinner here, we could definitely see why.The joint wasn't even half-way full and the waitress was already telling us we should get our order in quickly because there were big parties there that would take a while to make the food for.We placed our order, had to ask repeatedly for the guacamole we ordered so we could eat it with the chips. We also had trouble getting our waters refilled. After we finally got our food it was lukewarm temperature at best. We considered sending it back but didn't want to wait any longer. My brother also asked for jalapenos multiple times and we never got them. The food was actually very good. I got the duck enchilada which was tasty and much more authentic than most Mexican food I had. My brother loved his salad with Oaxaca cheese, chicken and pumpkin seeds. My dad had a Lamb Adobo and the sauce was very tasty and not too rich. My mom loved her Hibiscus Enchilada.We told our waitress that the food was cold at the end and she gave us a $20 gift card for the next time we come but it would expire in a month. This seemed a bit weak given that all of our food was cold. Overall, I would like to give more than 3-stars because of the quality of the food but can't given how bad the service was. Please get a new manager and we will come back!
