4	I spent my birthday here in 2008 with my baby...Very memorable time.  The spot is like a lil 1 bedroom apartment.  Spacious bathroom with separate shower & tub, which you can do a whole helluva lot in both...The jacuzzi tub is limited to daytime hours so u can't do much aftahours...I know rite...It didn't spoil my birthday weekend tho...The Southpoint is located right next door & the lil deli inside the Southpoint was the spot to eat...Very generous portions and they got a lil bakery too 2 get sum chocolate covered strawberries & cheesecake, that's made onsite...I know rite?  The shit was cool...Definite 5stars cuz it was a very memorable week for me...
5	I've stayed here a few times.  I own with Vacation Village resorts so I usually get a good price.  I get the 2 bedroom lock-off which is HUGE!  The resort is still in the construction stage where the front main buildings are complete, as is the pool area, gym and little snack bar.  They have a small business area with some computers that have internet but last year they still didn't have WiFi in the buildings.  Across the street is the Southpoint that has a large bowling alley and big movie theatre.  I hear they also have an equestrian center but I haven't visited yet.Across the street from the casino is a little restaurant  that has pretty decent food.
5	I stayed here last week with my cousins for our Vegas outing.  The folks own here so this was super cheap for me and it turns out it was great for the value.  The rooms are very nice with a master suite like  bedroom and a full kitchen.   The kitchen help us  save some coin by hitting up the grocery store for breakfast and lunch food.  That allowed us to spend freely on dinner.  The 2 pools helped offset the Vegas heat.  There is also a game room for kiddies and a small fitness center.   The staff is extremely friendly too.  You'll get an offer to have lunch (errrr timeshare sales pitch) and get cheap/bogo/free show tickets to some great shows.  Might be worth it because they had offers for the Cirque shows.....  Locationwise it is south of the strip, yet stumbling distance from Southpoint http://www.yelp.com/biz/southpoint-casino-las-vegas#hrid:U0WaRJ9-Y3HGI-nwL3LwbQ which worked  out nicely.
4	Every time I've come to Lost Wages (that's Las Vegas to those of you without a sense of humor), I've stayed at a hotel on the Strip.  Which, if your mission is to party it up and do the Vegas nightlife scene, is totally appropriate.  But when you're in Vegas to do business-related stuff, and need to be up at 6:30am every day that you're here, it is so nice to stay at somewhere like the Grandview - condos located approximately 7 miles from the Strip.There is no gaming in this resort, which is good if you want to keep your focus on relaxing and protecting your bank account at the same time.  There is are two  pools and two hot tubs (open till midnight), a fitness center, and the condos are pretty nice with huge bathrooms and even a jacuzzi tub.  Plus, the bonus of staying in a condo is that you can get groceries and alcohol to eat/drink at your disposal, versus having to drive out to a restaurant for every meal.  There's also laundry in the unit, which is very convenient if you're staying for more than a couple of days.The only thing I hate about places like this is the hard-sell timeshare presentations.  (Luckily, our tight convention schedule let us avoid having to attend one of those meetings.)  This is the first time I've been to Las Vegas and not been so partied out by the end of my stay that I pass out for two straight days.I must be getting old.
5	My friends and I stayed over at the Grandview while in town for CES. While looking for places to stay, we found this gem while looking through Travelocity and snagged a 2 bedroom deluxe apartment to accommodate 5 people for a very reasonable price!When we arrived, the staff was very welcoming and friendly and helped us out right away. Beware of the breakfast they offer you, though: it's really a 90 minute timeshare presentation. A friend and I signed up for it for the $100 worth of vouchers used for gaming or dining and had to endure the presentation. And plus, presenting to broke college students was totally a no-go. At least we came out with $100 worth of dining to two buffets.As for the rooms themselves, they're very spacious and come with great amenities! Both rooms contained their own kitchen, washer and dryer, a king-sized bed, and a jacuzzi. The sofa even folds out to a huge mattress! I think it was as wide as a queen bed. We ended up going to the Food 4 Less down the street and stocked up on food there. Definitely more well worth it than having to eat out all the time. The resort is 7 miles away from the strip and conveniently placed next to South Point. They also have a shuttle system that'll take you in the bus lobby of Excalibur. That came in handy especially since we were heading off to CES: we just took a shuttle from the Grandview to Excalibur and then hit up a shuttle from Excalibur to the Convention Center. Instant win! You do have to reserve your spot in order to guarantee seats, although the past couple of times we used it, it didn't even fill up at all. Do it anyway, though.All in all, I enjoyed my stay here. The place in itself is very cozy and the staff is all smiles. If you don't mind not staying on the Strip, then I'd definitely suggest this place.
4	I booked this place on Expedia and with a coupon I googled I walked away paying just $40 a night (we stayed 3 nights) For a suite that included a kitchen, jacuzzi tub and a bedroom with door to seperate us from the munchkins at night it was well worth the price. I simply said no to the time-share presentation offer, I love FREE things, but it was a family trip and I didn't want to waste our time. There was no real pressure to say yes to attend. PROS: non-gaming hotel, easy to find parking, very secure bldg room, the pool with waterfall looks really cool, huge walk in shower, VERY clean kitchen, great decorCON: keyboards in internet room are old and you can't read the numbers, no luggage service, smell of trash in the hallways from the trash room can be a little overwhelming, construction noise at 6am!, no room cleaning unless you pay $15 a day, broken coffee table, chipped tile, not enough pillow (we had three and there were four of us!), NO early check-in. At 4pm there was a line because we all had to wait. Despite all of the above cons listed, I would stay here again in a heartbeat, perfect for families!
3	This place was great for $60 a night. I booked it through Expedia last min on the weekend of a Britney Spears concert.I got the new building they just opened up called the Daisy. First one to test out the place so I guess really can't complain other than the fact that you could hear the pipes (We're not talking the usual oh someone went to the bathroom type of sound. It's loud pipes shaking, almost like a jack hammer going off in your room) when a neighbour is showering.Other than that the bf and I liked the decor and the layout. We were at the strip most of the time so never really got to explore the grounds.
4	this was a great place to stay at and plus it was right next door to the southpoint casino. the rooms and bathroom were very nice, however its a joke that they are still using the tube tvs instead of lcds or plasmas.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Grandview for a week in LV and we loved it.  Pros:  roomy, new appliances, washer/dryer, dishwasher, jacuzziCons:  A little far from the strip but it was also like living in the suburbs which I love.
3	this was our 3rd time here.  we've been owners since '04, when we went to vegas on our honeymoon.  in retrospect, getting a timeshare isn't the best investment one can make.  even though we pay as much as a car payment every month and annual fees to RCI, we still have to pay a "change fee" when ever we stay and it's not our week or if we trade to stay in another place.  this past weekend we stayed here for free without using our points and we got $50 to gamble with, because they were having a promotion and trying to upsale us.  we went to the meeting but told the people that we were in the process of buying a house, even though that's only partially true, and that our hands were tied, so we could get out of there quicker and avoid the high pressure sales techniques.  other than that, everything was cool.  there was a disturbing stain on one of the decorative pillows on the bed, so i docked them a star.
4	I wish I could go a smidge higher on the rating.  I would totally stay here again!  My fiance and I were in the Daisy building.  The accomodations in this tower are fabulous! Very modern furnishings and quite spacious.Now for the small cons but very tolerable.  It can be a little noisy sometimes when your neigbors are using their jet tub  for two or kids are watching cartoons on one of 2 HD flat screens TV's. The workout area is in a separate building.  It's best to drive over when it is dark.Back to pros.  Great place for families.  No sleazy people handing out cards where you can rent a friend for the evening.  There is a shuttle to take you grocery shopping or just down to the strip.  My fiance rented a car which worked out well.  Speaking of car rentals, the on site hotel rates are twice the rates at the airport or on line.  Do some research on line.  I was able to rent a car for my Mom at $21.00 a day!Last words about Grandview.  They are expanding and if you are thinking about buying into a timeshare and you visit Vegas frequently, buy with Grandview!!! p.s. GV is located very close to Wal-Mart and Whole Foods.
4	I've stayed here before and this time, we were given the Daisy building.  The Daisy is a newer building and everthing was so new and funky.  We had a 2 bedroom unit and it was lots of space for the 5 of us.  They were 2 lockoff units and in each unit, there was a full kitchen and a full bathroom, and a washer/dryer. The timeshare guys did not bother us this time round.  Just let us be.
1	Shame on you multi-conglomerate development!  You made me sit through 4 hours of time-share pitching (after you promised it would only take 2)!  You made me loose my spa appointment!  And after all that, when we declined to give you our hard earned money to support more development IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DESERT, you treated us like we were morons.  NO, you're a moron, and I am so glad I left, dignity intact, NOT an owner in your building.  Any place that pressures you into spending thousands of dollars, on the spot, without time to talk privately or maybe, say, think it over, is obviously a scam.
4	Stayed here for the weekend while attending CES 2010 with a group of friends (six of us in total).  We got one of the suites with the two connecting rooms and it was such a nice experience!  The only thing I thought was a little troublesome was that we were a good 10 or so minutes away from the strip with no shuttles to take us there so we had to drive ourselves.I did like how the rooms were well-equipped for our needs especially the kitchen appliances and the washer/dryer set (definitely helpful since I didn't feel like doing laundry when I got home a few days later).  Everything seemed to work out in terms of living arrangements and we all had a nice time.  We were mostly out and about while in Vegas so we didn't get to fully explore the resort.  However, the prices were nice as it didn't cost us an arm and a leg to stay there.I don't think we were coaxed to go into a timeshare presentation this time around which was good I suppose.  Though I heard that they give out vouchers for buffets which would have been great for us.  I'll definitely have to keep this place in mind when planning out trips to Vegas in the future... it's no fancy hotel like those on the Strip, but it has its own good features... worth checking out!
4	This is my home resort with RCI Timeshares and I have stayed here a couple of times.   I usually stay on the strip at Mandalay Bay, but during one of my trips to Vegas I attended one of the timeshare presentations and was sold into the Grandview.The new Daisy building is great and the rooms are comfortable and well equipped.   The kitchen is stocked with dishes, utensils, and cookware.  If you have a family or are 4 or more people, I strongly recommend getting the 2 suite unit (which are identical mirrors of each other) with a common entrance.Ok so the pros of this place are: exclusivity from the strip, South Point casino next door, great swimming pool and rec center, you can bbq in the special grill sections by the pool/rec area, frequent shuttles to and from the strip.The cons..  the stupid timeshare re-sell that they try to pull, people constantly walking around getting the timeshare presentation.  Try and avoid the presentation if you are pressed for time... and if you do go.. make sure you press for as much free stuff and money that you can!Otherwise the Grandview is a great resort if you want to be able to enjoy Vegas and cool down after time at the strip.
2	Cons:  Too far from the strip, they have a 10am check out time, no real amenities you would expect from Vegas like a spa, restaurant, 24 hour night life.Pros:  Affordable, nice inside, you have a bathroom, tub with jets, king bed, roll out sofa, stocked kitchen.Swimming pool is weird, its only 4 ft deep.  Not a nice pool in Vegas, but doable, shuttle service for $8.00/day and you wait with Senior Citizens.  Next to South Point where you can gamble, get food, etc.  Near Food4Less and a liquor store.Come here if you are with family, a senior citizen, a big group looking to save money.Don't come here if you are looking for a true Vegas experience, the wow factor, or the night life!Final vote, would I come again?  No.
1	seriously, dont CON people into your timeshare bullshit &waste our time even if you give incentives for it. we werewalking in the strip from mandalay to luxor & of coursewe looked like tourists so they snatched us & said oh letspay for you to go to a show. between the boyfriend & i, hesnormally the one thats realy nice with those people or listensto what they have to say. i on the other hand will walk away asthey talk to me, ignore them & play with me fone, or tell themim going to die in 3 months. what can they say after that right?lol. anyway, my bf kindly listened to what the guy had to say,& soon enough my bf was paying $36 for him & $36 for me.that came with 2 tickets to lance burton [which ended up beingseats that were WAY up high the balcony], 2 tickets to theshark reef aquarium at mandalay, & $125 playing money atluxor. so once it was paid for, it was that moment that theguy told us that all we had to do was go to the front of luxorat 8:45am signup & get on a bus to grandview hotel & sitthere while a sales rep tries to sell you a timeshare for 2hrs.had we known it was for that, we wouldnt have done it in thefirst place. ugh, since it was paid for my bf looked at me &said "fuck it, the lance burton tickets & the playing money isworth it". stupid us shouldve asked how good of seats theywere gonna be. i swear it was really high. i couldnt even seehis facial ffeatures. ugh, it irritates me just thinking about it.anyway, we went to this thing. left luxor at 9:15 am. sat at thelobby at grandview & slowly everyone was being pulled oneby one by a sales rep. not going to lie, we came there knowingthat we were not going to buy one. its just a scam. our repwas ben & he was a very nice gentleman. we sat down, gotto meet each other, & then the bf & i grabbed some food [theyhad donuts, sanwiches, fruits, coffee, tea, etc.], & sat back downthats when he pullled his sales pitch with us, we both slowlyrealized that this hotel is paid off, & that they are offering youto pay off a certain amount every year to have a week or twofor you to spend there. WHY would you spend hella money &stay in a place away from the strip? why would you spendthousands of dollars a year to end up staying there for a week& it would cost less than what you paid the whole year? letsjust say that the sales pitch started at $49k for a 2 bedroom.we kept declining cause we just wanted out of there, afteran hour of explaining to us what a time share was & trying toget us to buy it, his manager came & then offered it for $27k.we kept saying no. after 5 minutes of asking, they said "ok,youll be shocked at how low we can go for you, how about$10k?" thats when it hit me that they dont care how low theyoffer you as long as you put money into their hotel. SCAM!so obviously we said no again, & so they sent us on our wayout. we were sent to a lady named oxana? & she said shewas just taking a survery of the meeting so she asked uslike 5 questions.. & then tried to offer us the space for $5k!WTF! we said nooooo! HAHA. so she gave up on us, & wewere sent out to get our incentives & then driven back toluxor by 12. im sorry, it was just a waste of time. i mean yeah,we got lance burton tickets with crappy seats, yeah we gotinto the shark reef aquarium, & yeah they gave us playingmoney. but man, that was no fun. i felt like i wasted their time& energy. then again, bf & i turned that $125 into $600. lol.that made it worth it. but seriously, teach your "go getters" totell people they are for time shares so you can get buyersrather than hella people tricked into buying before finding outit was for time shares & especially getting people who areonly there for the incentives. cmon, most people arent stupidenough to put thousands of $$$ into a hotel that isnt even onthe strip. oh & ps, all the bullshit lies they feed you about howthe strip is going to shift downwards to them is all a lie. theydraw out what the strip will look like by 2014 & pretty muchmost of the hotel/resorts he named were on the "casinos thatnever opened" list on wikipedia. LOL. dont be stupid people!http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Las_Vegas_casinos_that_never_opened
4	I've been here few times and it's a beautiful resort. The only turn off is that they constantly try to sell you time share by calls to the room or if you happen to pass a sales person. As I am already a time share owner, I am NOT interested in going through another lengthy sales push. The resort is clean, well decorated, beautiful pull area with a nice cafe and pretty much everything you find in resorts. The rooms are large and very well designed.  The bed is VERY comfortable.I can't give it 5 stars due to the sales pressure you will definitely experience. If you're not interested, clearly let them know (but you may have to twice).
3	an overview... its very cozy.Pros:  it is close to the strip, about 5 minutes by car.  It's not too busy and it's pretty much conducive for family vacations or for group vacations.  the rates are pretty decent for what you get.  Think... "BRING THE PARTEEH TO THE APARTMENT!" because it pretty much is one.Cons:  it's not on the strip.  you just can't get off the elevator and start partying.  You have to drive!  I'll tell you how you can benefit from a place like this... bring friends and get a 2 bedroom unit and forfeit the hotel hopping and gambling and this place would be a winner!  But then, why did you go to Vegas to begin with?
4	Everytime I come to Vegas, If I'm not staying @ my grandparent's house, I'm here at the Grandview.  I love this place! It's affordable, and cozy.  I stayed here a couple of weeks ago with my hubby and the kids. It has a fully stocked kitchen, dining room table. living room with a roll out bed (the kids slept on there).  My husband and I slept in the bedroom where there's a comfy kind size bed and a jacuzzi right there in the room! WE LOVED IT!!! We already booked our room for when we go back in a few months :)As for the timeshare thing, yea there's that one CON... but hey no one's putting a gun to your head so why feel pressured into getting involved with that??  Just say your not interested and that's that. Simple.  So stop complaining people.
1	TIMESHARE SCAM!First things first - I have NOT stayed at the Grandview Resort. When I checked into my own hotel, The Golden Nugget, I was pulled aside and offered free show tickets or free gambling/food money, for sitting through a "one-hour" presentation on an "up and coming" new resort. They didn't want to sell me anything, they just wanted me to tell my friends about it and consider staying there in the future.  We were also told that we would have a fully catered lunch and be back to our hotel in no time.  $125 is $125, so my boyfriend and I agreed.  The first red flag was when we went down to catch our ride to Grandview and were told that our one to two hours was suddenly two to three.  And that there would be "snacks," not a fully catered lunch.Once we got to the Grandview we were paired with a nice guy, Blake, who sat with us during an awful and condescending hour-long presentation on the importance of taking a vacation.  It was mind numbingly stupid.  Once the presentation was over we were taken to the area for the hard sell portion of the timeshare.  But first Blake wanted to reiterate to us every vague point that was made during the stupid presentation.  When I asked him for some hard numbers he told me that isn't his job and that someone else would come along in a while to talk numbers.  Instead, he wanted to show us the unit.  He took us in some odd two condo in one units, which they call a two bedroom.  Sure, it did have two bedrooms.  But also two kitchens, two washers/dryers/ two dining room tables, etc.  It was weird.  Blake kept pointing out what a beautiful condo it was and I just rolled my eyes and resisted telling him that I had a nicer condo back home in Chicago.Finally we went back to our little table where BLAKE, not another person, talked to us about numbers.  Just about $40k would buy us a weird two bedroom condo, and we would only have to pay  a $13k security deposit!  Woo Hoo!  Just what I came to Vegas to do... pay $13k for a vacation home in the desert.  We obviously said no, at which point the head of the Grandview Resorts mafia came over to offer us a deal we couldn't resist. {yeah, right.}  He could cut the price in half AND we could somehow get up to SIX weeks of vacation per year.  {crickets.}  Mafia Man walked away and when we asked Blake if we could leave he told us that Mafia Man was drawing up the paperwork so we could get our free gifts.  Instead, Mafia Man came back with another offer... $9,990.  We still said no, and Mafia Man pretty much told us we were being stupid while Blake looked dejected.  Blake took us down to another room to get our free gifts but it turned out to be ANOTHER SALES PITCH.  This time we worked with Ben, and the deal offered to us was actually pretty good - $5,000 for a one bedroom timeshare.  We seriously considered the offer and tried to figure out the math for how that would match up with future vacations we knew we wanted to take.My boyfriend is an attorney and hell broke loose when he asked to read the terms of the contract.  We were told we couldn't read the contract until AFTER we paid our $890 security deposit.  WTF?!  When do you EVER pay first, and see the terms later?!  We raised a fuss and Ben went to get his manager who actually had the audacity to YELL at us for asking to see the contract.  She told us that her brother was a contracts attorney and had read the contract and agreed it was legit, so why would WE need to see the contract?!  I interjected at this point and asked her why she was yelling at us, when we were asking for something quite logical when you are about to make a big purchase.  She apologized and went to request a contract.My boyfriend read the contract thoroughly and found a couple of things he didn't like, but nothing too concerning.  What was concerning, though, was a piece of paper that shouldn't have been left in there, which was for the seller to rate how the client behaved.  Grandview Resorts considers it a negative if you are a lawyer or a CPA.  {Two groups of people that are going to question the terms, perhaps?!}  They also consider it a negative if you ask too many questions or want to read all the paperwork.  {Not shady at all, right?!}My boyfriend raised this issue to Ben, who tried to claim that the form was for us to rate ourselves.  {WTF?!}  And then he backed away from that and claimed that what some people see as a negative he sees as a positive, such as reading the contract.  When my boyfriend tried to explain that reading the contract wasn't necessarily a bad thing, Ben seemed to get upset that we weren't taking him at his word that it was a good deal and told us he thought it was time for us to go.Yep, we got kicked out of a timeshare presentation after 4 hours!  We were inches from buying and Ben Kicked. Us. out.Thanks, Grandview/Vacation Village/whichever company you are.  Our steak dinner was superb.  Thanks for letting us waste so much of your time.
3	Nice, huge one bedroom suite with great pool that wasn't too crowded.  We stayed in the Iris building.However, this is a Timeshare and would never buy into it but we stayed for free with other people so can't complain.Funny story: Informed there would be an all you can eat breakfast at the presentation which turned out to be all you can DONUTS... thank goodness I didn't attend.
3	Grandview is my go to hotel when I'm with family and on a budget.  Their rooms are clean, updated decor, and the kitchen set up is useful for some family cookin'. If you're looking for the hype you get on the strip, don't come here. If you're lookin' to pack a room on a budget and have a car, this is your choice!
1	Time Share SCAM.  BEWARE.  We did not stay at the Grandview.  We stayed on the strip and was offered "free" show tickets for attending a presentation at an "up and coming "new" resort that would only take 2 hrs of our time and we would get a free breakfast" We had to pay $40 to "hold" the tickets for us.  We showed up and was led into a room when a woman came out and called our name.  she lead us to a room where the breakfast was donuts.  We sat there and ate awhile and she was really nice.  She then started telling us about "timeshares" I even asked her how much and she said "depends on what package you are interested in" she showed us around and it was nice but so far from the strip even though she kept saying that they were on the strip (come to find out they aren't considered to be part of the strip) This "presentation" took 4+ hrs.  anyway after the tour she then gave us the numbers which were "okay" for a vacation time but was it really worth it? we told her we didn't feel comfortable with doing anything on the spur of the moment and she kept saying well the offer is off the table after today because of some law Las Vegas had.  We asked he if we could think about it and she kept saying she knew we werent the type of people who could make a commitment. then she got her manager and he started spewing about a deal he had for veterans and military personal and gave us a lower number (come to find out they gave this "military discount" to everyone who said no, way to treat our military) we said no again he gave us another deal.  we told him there was no way we could come up with the down payment so they gave us the option to make payments on the down payment.  we said no again they sent us to another room to get our free stuff.  The man again tried to give us an even LOWER number if we said yes today.  we said no again then we really did get our "free" tickets.  we got back on the bus and there was so many pissed off people on the bus it wasn't even funny.  (that is how we knew they got the same "military discount" offer we got.  We got back to our hotel at 2.  we got the the grandview at 9:30am yep that 2 hours turned into 5 hours.  We went to our free show that night we had the worst seats in the house.  Yeah real worth it!! If anyone approaches you about a free ANYTHING say NO.  Grandview YOU SUCK and really try to ruin peoples Vegas Vacations!!
4	Was able to book a room through armed forces vacation club for a very reasonable price. Upon checking in I told the woman that I was deploying soon and a time share was something I'm not interested in.  I received no hassle nor received any phone calls soliciting us.  The rooms are extremely big and clean.  The pool was great! Never really crowded and it kept us cool in the middle of August. To really enjoy the area you will need a rental car. If your looking for a change of pace from the strip, next door is the South Point Casino. We ate at Don Vitos. It was reasonably priced and the food was delicious. I would recommend the Grandview to anyone. If you like the hustle and bustle of the strip but like coming back to a nice relaxing place at the end of the night, then this is the resort for you.
4	This will be one of my favorite timeshares. We don't own here, just traded in and it was our first stay. Members of our party have stayed here before and recommended it as one of the better timeshares and I agree.The units are big and clean and very comfortable. The mattress on our bed was just right. The kitchens are nicely equipped. The staff is friendly and helpful. They do try to get you to view a presentation but just say no and they let up and don't bother you.The workout facilities have a weight-training area (all machines, sadly there are no free weights) and a cardio area (treadmills and elipticals). You can walk right next door to the South Point to see a movie or visit a restaurant, although I didn't like anything at the South Point as much as I loved the food at the restaurant across the street (the Boulevard Bar and Grill).I would definitely come back to stay here. In fact, I would've given this place 5 stars, but they nickel and dime you for wifi, which to me is just ridiculous. Come on!  Hotels and timeshares need to realize that fast, free internet access should be just as freely available as cable TV. So if you do want internet, you can pay daily at $10/day, or get a discounted rate for 3, 5 or 7 days. I can't remember what it cost for all the plans, but the 3 day rate was $25.
2	This is my cousin's timeshare that we stayed at for the weekend. The price was reasonable, and the place was really nice! It was like a mini apartment, with a full kitchen, a living area with a kitchen table, couches and a flat screen TV, there was a hot tub, and another flat screen TV in the bedroom with a king size bed, and a full bathroom with two sinks.I am giving this place only 2 stars because it was at least a 10-15 minute ride from the strip. There was an $8/day shuttle that brought you back and forth which is a pretty good deal, but as a girl in my early twenties, I want to be on a strip when I'm in Vegas and the work to coordinate with the shuttle schedule or finding another way to the strip was a major buzzkill. Also, these people LOVE their sales presentations. They offered us deals to shows, but we could only get the deals if we went to some presentation (even though my cousin already owned the timeshare). Since we missed the sales presentation (which BTW was scheduled at 10 AM Saturday morning, who does that?) we couldn't get any of the deals.The thing that really peeved me and brought this review to 2 stars is that fact that we had to call security, at least twice, and wait outside our room because our key cards wouldn't work. 2 of our 3 cards stopped working because they are 'sensitive'. I've stayed at many hotels before and never in my life have cards stopped working because they are too 'sensitive'. This was really annoying and the second time we had to call the front desk they were rude and probably assumed we were drunk, when in fact their cards just suck.
1	omg!!! unless you have the extra money - do not give in to their sales pitch to a free show in exchange for purchasing a timeshare that costs u 350$ ayear in maintenance fees; $150 to use any extra weeks they sell u; computers in the business center that automatically shut off to limit your use;  shuttle service u have to pay for  - the same one goes to southpointe-most of the amenities are at southpointe so i just stayed there. if you did buy you have 3 days to revoke your contract in writing.
3	Our home for spring break in Vegas. There is a shuttle for $8 a day that will bring you to the strip (its about 5 miles away) it runs on the hour and if u save the tickets it is good for all day. They also have a shuttle that will bring u to the grocery store about once a day if u need it because there are kitchens on the rooms.
2	The Good.-We stayed in a large suite at the right price.*-It was clean.-There was a nice jacuzzi tub in the bedroom. -Check-in was efficient.-There's a casino next door with $5 blackjack.-Capriotti's will deliver to you.The Bad.-It's a ways off the Strip.-All the timeshare bullshit.     -They offer "gifts" for doing the 90 minute presentation. Resist.    -My girlfriend couldn't resist, even though I warned her.    -The presentation will take double the time they say it will.    -It's a horrible deal. You could buy a house in Vegas now for the cost.    -They told her to dump me because I couldn't afford to buy their timeshare. I agree, she could do better, but who are they to clue her in? The Ugly.-They tried to screw her out of her free "gift" once they realized she wasn't dumb enough to bite. __________*Free, if you know someone with RCI privileges.
3	RCI 5 Star Gold Crown isn't what it use to be...The place was nice, but not spectacular compared to other timeshares I've been at.  Its at the SouthPoint, away from the main strip.Sheets in the closet stunk like the prior people that use them, and hasn't been washed.  Room is quiet, well accompanied and with great facilities for a timeshare.Jacuzzi en suite is ok (broken actually with 2 inoperaable jets)... Not strong like other timeshares (see Napa Shell Vacations)Pool is shallow,  good for 2-6 year olds.Not enough to do laps as the depth is only 3 foot deep.Broken coffee maker, 2 remote controls, just adds to the number of calls I had to make to get these issues fixed (which took hours).And they want to sell you on this timeshare... Solicitation calls made 2 times during stay.  Very unpleasant after 1st no.
1	**This review is for the timeshare presentation we did, not the resort itself**The husband and I were in Vegas to celebrate the big 3-0 at the beginning of February 2011. We were walking around the Excalibur and decided to stop at one of those kiosks that always bombards you with "Do you want a free dinner and show?!" The lady there was really nice. Hubs and I wanted to see a show so we thought, why the hell not? We ended up choosing KA and paid $59/ticket (original prices of tickets were $109, they offered other free shows, but we wanted to see KA). After filling out a quick survey, we gave them the $113 for the tickets, and they said that we will be driven to a 2 hour presentation (with a free lunch!) on their timeshare that is about 10 miles down the strip.We hopped on the tour bus, and it took us about 10 mins away to the Grandview Resort. We were bustled into a room and they called each couple by their names with a "presenter." We were then lead upstairs to a HUGE room with pictures of their sister resorts plastered everywhere and tables with four chairs. They had a sandwich bar with drinks as well.As soon as we got our food, and we ate it, the presenter, Fernando, started on his spiel. He started asking how much money we spend on vacations annually, and we told him we go on vacations that are all inclusive with my family, so we don't pay for anything... Somehow he came up with a number (with inflation?) of $10,000 a year. Uh... my husband and I don't even spend $1,000 a year on vacations... I have no idea where he pulled that number from... Anyways, we continue, and he starts talking about how he has taken vacations all around the world with his POINTS and told us that he was able to have his daughter and his family stay at a CASTLE in FRANCE for a WEEK for his daughters wedding for $199!! Hubs and I were curious at that point.He continues to tell us that we would get 81,000 points a year, and implied that we would ALSO get ONE WEEK in Vegas at our timeshare. NO, not correct, we get one OR the other, not both. Fernando then continues to tell us about why it's so great to buy a timeshare in Vegas because:A) Property tax was low B) Vegas was the #1 vacation spot in the world C) Maintenance fees were "low.' He was really secretive about the price of the place... he wouldn't tell us... So he proceeded to show us the place that we would be "getting." It was a 2 bedroom, 2 bath, 2 kitchen suite, fully furnished. It was nice and fancy... Then he took us around the compound and showed us the "amenities" which consisted of a few small pools and a bbq area. Finally we were able to start "talking" to the "finance" guy there about the price of the timeshares. Fernando continued to be secretive, and said that he is NOT allowed to give any prices and that his finance manager David would be able to give us a deal. David came, and he is really a nice guy. He told us that we can get a 2bed/2bath suite OR 81k points a year for $49k. WHAT!?! Then he said that the deal for ONLY today, and if we WALK AWAY after this, we would have to pay the full price, the deal was $42k. Really?! Then he said that they would need 10% down, and the maintenance/property taxes would be about $369 a year. Yea, no, we can't afford that! Then David proceeds to tell us that we can get a 1 bed/1bath suite OR 41k points for $26k... $169/year for taxes and maintenance. Yea, no, we can't afford that either! He then tells us that if we do a 1bed/1bath with 41k points every OTHER year with $169 taxs and maint, it would cost us $14k. He also said that if we take the place he's going to "throw" in THREE extra weeks to stay ANYWHERE around the world and we would only have to pay $199.  At that point, we were really tired, and we were already there for 3 hours... We left.When hubs and I got back from Vegas, I googled this place, and found out that they would have given us a $9k deal if we waited out! OMG. They are really pressing people and canNOT take NO for an answer. Lesson: SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR TIME AND DO NOT GO TO THEIR "PRESENTATION."  It's a HUGE scam. Check out Dave Ramsey's view on timeshares and you would NEVER think of considering a timeshare again! http://www.daveramsey.com/article/the-truth-about-timeshares/
1	Bad service starting from the check-in desk.  They make you wait even though there were clerks standing not helping anyone.  When finally decided to call the next in line, they have such bad attitude and just don't want to spend one extra second with you.  The insulation is terrible in the room.  Being a time share, there were lots of kids staying there.  We could hear kids running all over on the floor above us and the screaming from next door.  The only pleasant person was the time share sales guy.  Thanks to the warning from others, we didn't take the bait. Even if you have to pay more, it's worth it stay away from this place!
3	OVERALL... our stay was great. Thanks to you Yelpers we steered clear of the "free shows, free wine and free cash" We stayed for 3 nights with our children. My sisters brought their family and my mother in law was there too. 16 people in two 1 bedrooms. I loved the washer in the room! Didn't get to try out the jacuzzi :-( but did let the kids get in the pool. The childrens pool is Great!ONE HUGE PROBLEM....although the floors looked clean they were actually filthy dirty.. (picture to come soon) my kids bare feet looked like they had been outside playing in the dirt, the floors were also sticky... Over all we had a nice stay.
1	I do not own a timeshare here. This is for their "presentation" that they lure people into while they stay at other hotels. We were staying at Excalibur and walked by one of those "free show" tables. The representative told us we had to attend a presentation about a timeshare, which would only take 2 hours, and we would get free lunch and show tickets. We were hesitant, and finally agreed when they offered us cash along with it. We were told to be back in the hotel lobby early the next morning. Sure, it seemed like a risk to give up part of our vacation, but seeing a free show would be something cool to do, and it was only 2 hours, right? (I'm sure you can see where this is going).We took a shuttle bus far down Las Vegas Boulevard, close to the M resort. Why would anyone stay this far on a Vegas trip? From there, we were herded into a large room and then split into presentation rooms, with continental breakfast. A presenter gave us a LONG, condescending speech and PowerPoint about how important it is to take vacations. Nothing about the actual timeshare or costs until much later. We were assigned a salesman who sat with us during the whole thing, walked around with us afterward for the tour, and sat with us for another discussion of the financing options, giving us canned questions and lines the whole time. Sure, it sounded like a reasonably good deal, but we couldn't afford it at the time and politely declined. The salesman seemed personally offended, then led us to another higher-up who tried another sales pitch and a better price. Again, not now, we said. But they were hell bent on selling it to us TODAY. After some small, dry sandwiches, we went to a third and final sales pitch with a rock-bottom price, but by this time we were frustrated and just wanted to leave end enjoy our weekend. However, they told us that the shuttle had to take everyone back to the hotel together, and we couldn't leave without the rest of the group and not before talking to everyone they wanted us to talk to. Finally, we collected our show tickets and cash and went back to the hotel...... after 5-6 hours. Not the 2 hours that they said. Pretty much half our Saturday, on our vacation weekend that we don't get many of. Needless to say, we were pretty upset. And the show, Criss Angel, sucked too, especially with the crappy back-row seats they gave us. Do not go here unless you have a LOT of free time on your hands, don't mind wasting it, or actually want a timeshare but with something free in the process. No one likes to feel like a sucker, even if they only thing they took was time.
3	For a timeshare they have nice spacious rooms. But there are a few problems,..1. The Internet situation here is a complete JOKE. If small motels can have free Internet what's grandview's excuse??it's $10 for 24hrs or $50 for a week. ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?? I pay $50 for an entire month at home. And the internet lounge they do have is dial up! And the computers automatically log you out every 15 minutes. It takes 15 minutes just to load a page. Come on grandview; panera and starbucks are making you look cheap and tacky. 2. Parking is a problem. Not enough spaces for everyone to park. I had to park across the street in a pretty abondoned looking lot. 3. Evey concierge service is able to get discounted tickets just by you staying at their hotel. At grandview you have to sit through a 90 minute(although I bet it's longer) presentation where they try to get you to buy ANOTHER timeshare. Again tacky and cheap.The staff seems to be friendly and the beds are very comfy but they got to change these pretty easy common sense things before they get a better rating from me.
4	Stayed here on a recent trip using my brother's timeshare account.  Only stayed from Thursday to Sunday instead of the usual one week.  I've read the reviews and can agree that having to pay for the internet is pretty ridiculous.  Was only bothered once by a representative to attend the seminar on Saturday, but I guess it was because we weren't really there the whole week.  Pretty close proximity to South Point casino (can just walk across the street).  Everything else is close by; food, bars, shopping, is all within a 5 mile radius.  Room was clean when we got it, easily fit 5 people in a bedroom unit (couch folded out as a bed also).  Pool area was pretty nice even though it was only 4 ft deep.  Overall a great experience and would probably use it again if I needed to stay there with a budget.
4	I go to vegas about 6 times a year we usually stay on the strip but this time we were taking kids so decided to stay at the Grandview.(we had been here before for a timeshare presentation, we purchased but quickly realized it was a BIG mistake so we canceled withing our 7 days, got our money back problem solved.)Ok so my experience was anything but pleasant. Room was clean, AC worked perfect, plenty of towels we always found parking right in front of our tower, pool was clean. The kids had a blast at the pool,and next door at the arcade and bowling alley. The only thing is internet was $10 a day we did pay for one day but our room was extremely cheap we paid $55 a night so $10 more didn't kill us. When we checked in we were offered a timeshare presentation in exchange we would get $200 of dining,spa, entertainment credits next door at the Southpoint Casino. We accepted went to the presentation knowing this time around they would not convince us, had a good time talking to the seller he gave us tips on gambling and marriage(we are newlyweds) he didn't push us to buy anything and in 2 hours we were on our way. with the $200 we went to the buffet which was $75 for 5 of us, the kids played 3 hours of bowling and purchased $25 worth of snacks at the snack bar and we still had enough to go to dinner at the steak n' shake.So my advice is if you are going to stay here, is best if you have a car so you don't have to depend on the shuttle, go to the strip park at the free flamingo parking there's always parking available and spend the day on the strip. If you go to the timeshare just say NO and if they do convince you remember you have anywhere from 3-7 days to cancel depending on where you live. If you must buy purchase on the resell market as the timeshares go below 50% of retail price.
2	review of the time share presentation only since we didn't stay there.we took a bus from luxor to go to this time share presentation from the lure of $100 in gaming chips. WOO! we had nothing better to do so we hopped on the bus and it took forever to get to this place. close to the strip MY ASS. i wondered that if i did end up buying the time share with my imaginary money, i'd definitely need a car to get to the strip and back.anyway, we get to the time share presentation and the three of us get barbie girl as our salesperson. we told her right away we were there for the gaming chips and she said she needed to pitch us anyway. she told us all this mumbo jumbo and gave us a tour of the facilities. pretty cool but it's so effing far from the strip and you can stay at hotel condos on the strip or close to it like the MGM signature. why would you stay here? the furniture and kitchen are were nice and big and i remember seeing a bath tub in a random part of the room. the sex room. hahaha.anyway after the tour she comes back and gives us a free lunch which was supposed to be "amazing" but it was nasty. i could have crapped out a better lunch blind. plus the cookies were stale and the coffee was nasty. blech. she gave her pitch we said no, she walked back and forth and gave us lower and lower deals and we said no. she said thanks and we go to another room with another man who looked like his job was to close deals we said no. he gave us a ridiculous deal that was way below what the other lady gave us. uh.... so is that what it's really worth? we said no. then we go to another guy who has the "chips" and he tries again but not as hard and we say no and give us our chips. he finally gives it to us and we go back to luxor and we realize the chips were the ones that we had to turn into real chips so we couldn't just cash it out. we play until we can turn them into real chips, cash it out, and leave, 5-6 hours later.I still talk about this experience to friends and it's a funny convo starter so for that i give it one more star. one star for the cash. zero stars for the food and sales pitch. blech.
1	*for the timeshare presentationWe knew we'd have to sit through a sales pitch, but not for FIVE hours! Missed our dinner reservations as well as the discounted show they promised us. Total scam.
4	Grandview is a time share resort at the southern end of Las Vegas Blvd. It's directly next door to South Point Casino, so you have a decent casino within walking distance.Our unit was very spacious and had a pretty good view up toward the strip. Staying here requires a car rental to get around, since you're about 10 minutes away from the strip and taxis can be expensive.As Las Vegas resorts go, this one was very family friendly, so if you're not looking for a lot of screaming kids by the pool, stay at the more adult hotels.
4	My partner and I own a time share and decided to stay at the Grandview bases on the many good reviews and nice photos of the property. When we arrived we were extremely satisfied. The room decor was very tasteful and modern. We stayed in the Rosemary tower which is one of the newest towers, and the photos did no justice to the actual room. The spa tub was our favorite. With the room being away from the strip we were able to relax a bit without all the strip action.  We gave it a 4 due to the so called 90 presentation, which turned into 2 1/2 hours of agent after agent trying to upsale us on our timeshare. The only other minus was that the room was not throughly clean, it was clean but cabinets and fixtures could have used a wipe down. Other than that our stay was fabulous...
5	Length warning....but very detailed. The Grandview Resorts is a timeshare building located about 7 miles off the strip. Last year we went to the everlasting presentation and ended up purchasing.  I have experience in property management, and real estate so I didn't find anything out of the ordinary with the process. And the price, once negotiated down, was pretty reasonable. Our stay this year was great. We took two advices from the reviews we read in advance. Decline the offer of an "owner update" presentation in exchange for new tickets at check in and ask for a new tower. I believe those two things made our stay well worth it so I will recommend owner staying to do the same.  Check in was at 4pm and was fairly painless. Lots of people in the lobby, but many workers there pointing folks in the right place. We asked for a new tower and were placed in the Daisy tower. We did have to go to someone else "to get our parking pass." It seems the purpose of this person was simply to try and get us to attend an "owner update" presentation in exchange for free tickets. We said no about three times and was then given our parking permit. The Daisy tower is right next to the covered parking garage which made it convenient. Being there in the dead of summer it was important to have covered parking. But I did observe all five days, plenty of parking in front of the buildings. The unit was great. Large, spacious one bedroom with a Jacuzzi in the bedroom, double sinks, standing shower, updated appliances, a washer and dryer inside the unit, a pull out bed in the living room and a nice little dining table. As with all timeshares, we had utensils, plates, glasses etc available for use and fresh towels replenished each day. Two flat screen TVs in the unit, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. We were on the 15th floor and told we would have a view of the strip. Technically, they did not lie, they just failed to mention that the large casino South Point would be blocking that view.  But the room was nice enough that a view did not detract from our comfort. On the property there is a deli that appeared to sell sandwiches and breakfast food (we did not eat there), a pool and a gym. The gym is separated with strength training equipment in one room and cardio equipment in another room directly across from the other. The gym has fresh towels you can use and the equipment is clean and modern. There was no water cooler or vending machine, so bring your own water. We did not use the pool. The gym requires your key to access. The doors to building lock at night and it is necessary to use the room key to enter. I liked the added security.  On the second day there, we received another phone call inviting us to an "owner's update." That person was a little more persistent, but we simply said no.   South Point casino is directly next to the facility, so you can easily walk to get your gambling fix. And, there are several restaurants within the casino. However, if you are there for the true Vegas experience, you will need to rent a car to make a trip to the strip. The good thing is that parking at most all the hotels on the strip are free, so you can just park somewhere and walk the strip. With a fully equipped unit, you will probably buy some groceries. There is a grocery store a few lights up, and little 7-11 like marts all over the place. I wish I had read the map the Grandview provided in more detailed, because I would have seen there was a Walmart that appeared to be nearby. Overall, a great facility. Pros: amenities, unit, housekeeping and staff, adjacent casino, plenty of parkingCons: sales pitch- TOO pushy, fee to use the internetFollow the repeated advice. Say NO to presentations (unless of course you are not an owner and truly interested in buying) and request to stay in a newer tower. You will LOVE your stay.
5	Absolutely love, love, love Grandview!!!! We decided to take my stepson for his 9th birthday (he wanted to party in Vegas) to Vegas. We took my other stepson that is 4 and my 7 mo. old lil boy also. Their service is impeccable! So from the beginning.... we have previously visited Grandview in January and fell in love so knew it would be best place to take our lil ones. So we booked it September 25 thru October 2, for their two bedroom suites. We could not make it out Sunday, so I called in and let them know we would be there Wednesday night. When we arrived we were greeted by Stefani and she became Grandview's greatest asset in my eyes! She booked us up quickly and gave us a room close enough to pool and far enough from other guests so in case my little ones screamed we wouldn't bug anyone. She also let me know about their complimentary high chair and small fee for playpen for the entire stay. We right away took advantage and got both. She also gave us list of all activities and best things in area. We spent most of the time in the pool seeing as how one is cold/fresh and the other is heated so perfect for my little one. The rooms were magnificent and are totally great for families seeing as how you got double of everything. So we stood in one room while some of our other family that joined us stood in the other room. We had enough privacy and all the guests are super nice and genuinely happy to speak to everyone. Huge kuddos to all staff!!!! We definitely will only be coming back to Grandview. We are planning an adult trip next year and their rooms and amenities are the best I have ever seen. The fitness center is wonderful, and activity lounge is great also. We really took advantage of the fact that food 4 less is down the street so I did all the cooking which saved us a bundle. I really recommend this place and super huge thanks to Staphani and the rest of the Grandview staff. Will definitely see you sooner than later!!!!!!
1	I stayed here on an exchange with the Disney Vacation Club.The rooms are quite nice, if far away from anything interesting in Las Vegas. It is right across the street from South Point, which is no different than any of the other casinos intended more for locals than tourists. They have low limit tables and food that isn't ridiculously overpriced, as you might find on the strip.The rooms are spacious; basically a one bedroom apartment, with a nice kitchen and a jacuzzi tub. The rooms must not be terribly sound proof as there is a sign above the jacuzzi tub stating "Be kind to your neighbors. Please limit tub use to 8:00am-10:00pm." Or something along those lines. I have stayed in many rooms with a similar tub, but this is the first I have seen that has posted hours. AND IN LAS VEGAS! Come on!They charge for wireless. I didn't realize businesses still did that. Poor form.My wife and I decided to sit through one of their timeshare presentations. We didn't have any intention to buy. We were more interested in a free breakfast at the South Point buffet and the "free gift": either discounted show tickets or $100 cash.The 90-minute presentation took 2.5 hours. We encountered three different people who attempted to sell us on a time share. It was high pressure, buy now or the world will end type sales. On a side note, it was quite interesting to observe some of the psychological tricks they were trying to pull on us.In any case, we walked away with $100 and ran off to the strip to enjoy the remainder f the day.Upon returning to our hotel room, neither of our room keys worked. I have never had a room key cease to work, but I understand that it is possible. However, it seems more than coincidence that BOTH mine and my wife's stopped working at the same time, just hours after refusing to purchase a time share. After walking back to the front desk, they did give us new room keys, but it was quite the inconvenience after a long day of walking through miles of casino floor followed by a night of drinking. The whole thing seemed terribly fishy.As if that ordeal weren't enough, during our time on the strip we were bombarded by more of their sales representatives. They have multiple kiosks in every casino and sales reps scattered around everywhere. Every single one of them was terribly pushy. Apparently Grandview actually buses unsuspecting tourists to their location (8 miles south of the strip) and holds them captive in their giant sales compound, dangling various incentives in front of them, while pressuring them to purchase fake property, and often taking double the quoted time to do it.Finally, customer service at the front desk was terrible. Grandview Resorts is concerned with one thing - selling time shares - and it shows. They have a huge 3-story building dedicated to sales and I would not be shocked if 90% or more of their total staff were sales reps. I will never return to this place, and recommend you do not either.
3	For the timeshare presentation...Last visit I was in Vegas I stopped by the booth in the Venetian and was sold on a free weekend at the Palazzo for the low low price of nothing (read: four hours listening to the sale).The property itself is nice looking, my sales person was relaxed and pleasant, but the sale was a hard sell. They say no pressure but prepare yourself for them to half the price again and again.  And just when you think you're out of there... another person giving you another offer with a lower price.In total I was away from my hotel/vacation for 5 hours and I've got a mean *no* that I repeated. If you're desperate for a cheap hotel stay or tickets and can endure, go for it, but please remember they don't want you to leave early as the sale is their job.
4	Thanks for the great facilities. Not flashy or even luxurious, but everything we needed was provided. Thanks and happy holidays to you too! if you had wifi, this would have been a five star rating.
1	We would NEVER stay here again!!  We stayed here using our timeshare points (exchanged through another company), but NEVER AGAIN!1st -- DON'T BELIEVE IT when they tell you the food across the street at the Casino is "Sooo Good!" ... IT'S Sooo NOT!!  We tried nearly every restaurant in that place (some more than once bc we were STARVING), and it would be hard to even call any them decent, and most were outright gross!!2nd -- DON'T AGREE to a "90 minute presentation"... UNLESS YOU HAVE 4.5 HOURS TO WASTE!!  No Joke, at least 4.5 HOURS!!  We unknowingly did this for a discount on Cirque Du Soleil tickets, NOT FREE tix mind you, just a discount.3rd -- DON'T LET THEM PUT YOU IN A ROOM they call "a bit OLDER, but very nice and CLOSER TO THINGS" ... this means:       (a)  NO CURTAINS IN YOUR BEDROOM, so you get a face full of sunshine at 7am EVERY MORNING!!!!!  It's Vegas, we stayed up late and COULD NOT SLEEP IN!!  They didn't care, and I was told to hang a sheet, literally.        (b) The "older" WALLS ARE PAPER THIS and our ghetto neighbors were apparently bouncing off the gd walls... WE HEARD EVERYTHING!!4th -- THERE WAS HAIR in our shower and the spa tub was CRUSTY!!  I wasn't planning on sitting my naked bottom in there anyways, but that really sealed the deal... YUCK!!  Oh, and our sink was clogged so brushing teeth was extra nasty. 5th -- Most resorts have free shuttle service...  BUT NOT THIS ONE!!  The shuttle service by Ritz (another review) was costly... $24 for airport service (TO & FROM) and $10 per day to the strip, $20 for the two of us.  Yeah, some cars rent for $9.99 per day!  Not too bright on our part, huh.  6th -- INTERNET ACCESS FEES!  How sad & cheap of them.  Starbucks, Peet's, even greasy McDonald's now has free access. Rather than purchase Grandview access, try using your cellphone as a hotspot. Last -- JUST DON'T STAY HERE AT ALL if you can prevent it!!  Too far from the strip and nothing interesting is out there.  Did I mention the food SUCKS??  Our room SUCKED??  Our bathroom SUCKED??  The Grandview pretty much made out trip to Vegas SUCK!!  Will try again at a DIFFERENT RESORT.
1	Although I didn't purchase a timeshare from this company, I would like to share my experience in hopes that people learn exactly what they are getting into. (FYI, people are giving these timeshares away on eBay).We where approached by a person in a suit when I entered the Luxor hotel with my wife. BTW, MGM, Mandalay Bay and other expensive casinos do not have these people in their lobbies. I've only seen them in the Luxor, Excalibur, Tropicana, and New York New York (all budget casinos compared to MGM). I would always ignore their "free tickets" offer because I got a bad vibes and nobody gives anything for free! But this time I just decided to play the game and score some free swag.We were offered free tickets for a show, when we said we came with another couple they offered us 4 free tickets, plus our $50 deposit would be returned in the form of a Dinning, or Gambling voucher. They also gave us a "free" cruise to theCaribbean (I have the voucher for the cruise but who is going to fly all the way to Florida just for a 2 day cruise? I still haven't redeemed it and I don't plan to. You have 30 days to redeem it.). At the beginning we where told we where just going to tour a new hotel called the Grandview, we would get a free lunch buffet (it was actually, all you can eat ham and cheesesandwiches), and they where doing it to promote the hotel and to get the word out; later on he tells us we would have to attend a timeshare presentation that would last 2-3 hours, we actually spent almost 4 hours doing the whole thing. We picked a show but the guy said the show for tonight was already booked, so we had to pick a show for tomorrow (possibly a tactic to get you to go on the "tour"). We told the guy we had to ask our friends if they would be OK with attending the show. While my wife was calling, the guy told me that I should give him my driver's license so that he could hold the seats because they sell out fast (again another tactic used to manipulate us because we didn't reserve our seats until we got the voucher the next day after the "tour" and at the time of reservation we could pick any date and time, not the just one that was "reserved" the day before by the guy in suit). Our friends said yes, and we signed up for the Grandview tour for noon the next day. The guy also told us to make sure we brought a credit card with us (again a tactic to make sure they could get at least a deposit from you for the timeshare). After we left, I immediately called up my best friend Google for some advice and found out all out the timesharing tactics. I became informed and made a pact with my wife that we would not purchase anything, just get the swag and run. The next day after the presentation and the tour of the Resort: First we where offered about 80K points for about $25000, we declined that right away. Then the manager came over, said he talked to upper management and was able to lower the price to $20000, we declined yet again. He then lowered the maintenance fee from $700 a year to $350, but we still declined. He then asked if my wife was a student, she said yes and he came back and said that he would take another $5k off as a student discount, again we declined. He gave us his final offer at $10k for 49K points and a "free week" if we agreed to not use the timeshare before May. We also declined this offer.Declining wasn't very straight forward: After a while we ran out of excuses to make for not buying the timeshare. For every reason we had, they had a comeback, they where pretty good, i'll give them that. So after running out of excuses we just said NO, we ignored their questions and repeatedly said NO. They let us go to the final test. We came to a darkened room where a lady just gave us a survey about how we where treated, we said everything was OK and she then popped out the final offer which was $5000 for 49K points and the free week. We declined without giving it a second look and we where led out to the waiting room to wait for our swag.I was expecting them to offer us a timeshare again but this time we just got out vouchers and were led to the bus waiting outside to take us back to the Luxor. The van was in pretty bad shape (the check engine like was on) and the driver drove like a maniac but we made it back in one piece.Overall, I would not do this again. It takes way too long just for some $25 tickets, I rather spend the time puking in the comfort of my hotel room as I recover from the crazy night in vegas and get ready for more.I have no respect for businesses and sales people that make a living out of scamming people. I don't feel bad at all. To the timeshare sales people: please find a real and respectable job.
1	So my wife and I were staying at the venitian and got enticed into coming here for their timeshare presentation with the promise of discounted blue man tickets.  they intenionally shuttle you out to a resort far from the strip to isolate you, lock you in a  room for an hour long powerpoint where the woman doing the presentation even managed to create some fake tears as she told a heartfelt story of her husband coming out of a coma. she does the speech four times a day for a living. how gulllible do you think people are?  they walk us around the compound and when we say we cant afford it, the sales kid calls a manager over. manager says we arent eligible for the tour because we dont meet the income requirements and  the gifts we were promised are void even though we went through the entire process including them taking your drivers license with them somewhere presumablyy to photocopy it.  scary place. feels like a cult trying to keep you from leaving. we were able to get our 50 dollar deposit back after another hour and a half of waiting for them to pull a fifty out of a drawer. then another half hour for a bus to take us back.  they use nice buses on the way out to impress you and a rickety piece of crap with an insane driver on the way back.  i felt bad for the older folks in the final sales room as their sales representative grilled them hard for a sale. they are very smooth, but bullies all the same.  my wife was so terrified of this place that we got off the bus before we got back to our hotel and walked the rest of the way down the strip.  5 hours wasted, had to pay full price for blue man, ruined our day.  PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME IN VEGAS.  now we are haunted by the fact these people potentially have ppictures of both our licenses, luckily i gave them a fake phone number.  hopefully they cant maintain this abuse indefinately and muscle people into impulse decisions.edit;  Rci is the company responsible and have had a few different class action lawsuits settled against them in the past few years. they will most likely post a friendly but retaliatory response. we should all look forward to that!
3	It's like a 1 bedroom apartment. Nice. It was quiet and relaxing.  Pool was heated and every building had it's own.  And a small workout room, pizzeria and gift shop on the grounds.  Also a full casino, buffet, movie theater (with new movies) and 24hr diner across the street (definitely walking distance with not much trafic). But after showering I walked from the restroom to the sitting room and the floor was so dirty my feet blackened the shower floor :-O  Hate that they don't really clean the room for the week we were there.  When I asked to have the bed sheets changed 3 days into the week I literally had to call 3x because they could not understand the concept.
4	Great place to stay, just wish it was on the strip. You must have a car to get around. The pools are nice, has a small deli on site. You can walk to south point for entertainment or  food .  We had a two bedroom, which is two one bedrooms with a lock off door.
1	HEADS UP:  I am a Shell Vacation Owner who owns a two-bedroom condo at Kauai Beach Boy, Kauai HI AND I own a two-bedroom condo at Kahana Falls, Napili, Maui HI.I checked in at the front desk-first on the right side of the counter, then, I shifted from right to left down the counter:Video-Front Desk & Greeter:https://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=10150494188326969These people informed me that since I am an owner, I will receive my choice of either a free breakfast or free lunch, compliments of Grandview Resort.  The woman on the right side of the counter checked me in, took my credit card information, and gave me my credit card type room key.The lady who initially checked me in said if I want to use the condo safe, I have to pay $10.00 PER DAY?  Also, there is NO Internet access, unless I want to pay $25.00 per day?!  Are you kidding me???Then, shifting to my left of the counter, the man gave me my Grandview Resort parking pass permit.  After the man gave me my parking pass, the other woman asked me would I rather have complimentary show tickets, gambling chips or $100.00 USD.  I opted for the latter:  $100.00 USD, since I do not gamble and I do not like glam Lost Wages shows-too boring for me. Shifting to the left again, I ask another front desk woman for directions driving to Nellis AFB.  The woman prints out the directions for me.I exit and drive from the Grandview Resort Front Desk to the Primrose Building #2 . . . something felt amiss after leaving the Front Desk.  It just didn't feel right-my instincts were ringing an alarm inside my head. O=:-/  Oh-oh . . . When I hear an alarm going off inside my head-something always warns me the situation I am in isn't right.I park my car in front of the Primrose Building #2.I couldn't find a luggage cart ANYWHERE, so I could bring my luggage up to my condo.  I looked down the halls, down the parking lot-NO luggage cart!  I schlep my two suitcases to the elevator.I take the elevator to the eighth floor.  I insert my key into 808's main door-ok . . . that door opened.  Run my credit card room key at 808 A's door.  Door wouldn't open!  I knocked at 808B, my neighbor answers her door.  I told my neighbor my room key will not open my door & I just came from checking in at the front desk!  My neighbor lets me use her condo house phone calling the front desk notifying the front desk my room key will not open my condo's door.I waited 30 MINUTES for a security manager to arrive at 808A giving me a new room key!  I'm sitting on the hallway floor waiting for this security manager to come to my condo door, so I can go inside my condo!Mind you-I haven't even entered my condo and I am tired from driving SIX hours from Oxnard CA!  Come on!  What's taking that security manager so long giving me a new key?  Hallelujah!  Finally!  The security manager arrives and gives me two credit card room keys just in case the other key is defective.  I enter my 808A condo.  At first glance-the 1-bedroom condominium is nicely equipped with a full size kitchen, en suite bathroom with jacuzzi bath tub/full shower, two plasma TVs, apartment size washer & dryer, adequate, but small living room and dining room.I began shooting footage of my condo's interior-Videos of Condo 808A:1) https://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=10150494236646969&saved2) https://www.facebook.com/video/video.php?v=10150494194781969&notif_t=video_processedFrom the surface point of view, the condo appears clean, but the entire condo floor was dusty and dirty.  I swept ALL the floors and carpet with an old funky, yellow broom I found in the bedroom closet; I used a piece of cardboard as a dustpan in order picking up the dust and debris left on the floors and carpet-what a mess! Upon further inspection, I found blood stains on the king size bed comforter, the refrigerator had food stains inside the refrigerator, and I found white splotches of whatever on the throw pillows on the living room sofa!I have to agree with Tony C's Grandview Resort Review and horrific experience as 100% accurate:http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=hzH8N2G-qFXI40H1OFU2DQFurthermore, NEXT DAY-I waited 30 MINUTES stewing, waiting, sitting on one of the armchairs-STILL waiting to receive my free lunch voucher.  However, to my utter dismay-a sales rep approaches me at the Front Desk when I asked for my lunch voucher after waiting so long-45 MINUTES LATER; it's 12:30 PM.That sales rep took me over to the South Point Casino and ate lunch with me!  Why is THIS man eating lunch with me?  I had NO IDEA I would be accompanied by a sales rep eating lunch, so I kept my cool and maintained a diplomatic stance.This man ate FAST!  I am a slow eater. This man kept getting up from the table becoming very impatient waiting for me finishing eating my lunch!  Needless to say, I experienced a 4 1/2 hour ARDUOUS sales presentation telling them I don't want to buy anything; THEY MENTAL FLOSSED NOT HEARING ME!
1	Well I'm going to put my timeshare 2-cents on here like everyone else. While these guys did put us up @ the swanky Palazzo, it's not guaranteed. We were told a 2-3hr presentation, & we were trapped a half hr away from our hotel for 5.5 hrs!!! We were ushered through 5 different meetings/interviews, 5! These used car salesmen should be ashamed of themselves. They came off as desperate, pushy, sleazy, & just plain obnoxious. i get that they are trying to sell there condos but, there are way easier, smoother, more respectable ways to do it. The suites @ the Grandview are very clean, fully furnished, & seem convenient. The timeshare concept does make sense, and is a good idea for some people. However, my gf & I are creative professionals in our mid-twenties still dealing with school loans and such. The idea that we would have the resources to utilize 3-4 weeks of vacation time a year, is laughable. BE WARNED. I'm glad we were forced into this semi-free mini vacation but, I'm not sure I'd do it again. Although many people clearly do. Our brains were mush after we were done, she napped for several hrs while I blew $60 on the casino floor. These guys added to my overall sleazy impression of Vegas.
1	RCI can suck it.Thanks for ruining ours sons birthday. You people are pure evil. Here's how the story begins.....We were looking to buy some Chris Angel tickets for my son's birthday and we only could be in Vegas for the one day. The box office wanted $100, so I went to a discount ticket booth, which I have had much success with before. They told me that they were having a special and we could get 3 tickets for $106 plus they'd throw in 2 tickets to the titanic exhibit. Sweet right? All we had to do was go on a "complementary 2 hour tour" and pick up the tickets at the end of the strip and they'd bring us back. Hmm...that's weird, but we already paid them so, whatever. The tour was a 20 minute bus ride on the freeway to a hotel called the Grandview. WTF?Ok, so we're sitting in the lobby with a bunch of other couples and all of a sudden it struck me....uh oh...timeshares....We waiting 45 minutes in the lobby before it was our turn. We were approached by a lady named Julia F. We told here that we felt lied to and we just wanted to get our tickets and go. Nope, sorry. She took us upstairs for a complimentary lunch. We had just eaten, We weren't hungry and just wanted to get our tickets and go. She'd have none of that. She insisted that we eat their cheese sandwiches and coffee for another 45 minutes. Then she went over time share stuff and kept asking the same questions over and over. I'll give it to her, she was good. Nice sales pitch. Good job on trying to relate to the customer and trying to find a common ground. She says that over our lifetimes that we'll spend over $160,000 and this was  a great way to save money. Everytime we did ask a question that was "questionable" she would change the subject or didn't know the answer. We mentioned several times, we weren't interested, it was our sons birthday and we just wanted our tickets and to be on our way. Some of her sales tactics involved putting our hotel down, calling us cheap, saying that if we were too cheap to buy a timeshare that we had no business in home ownership, making comments about our sex life and how much better it would be if we didn't share a room with our son (mind you, he's a preteen and knows what she was talking about), she even asked me to put my cell phone away and pay attention to her. What? I told you I am busy, I am sick with a cold, and my boss is more important to talk to than you are. Regardless of what you think, I actually work for a living. She said  we were wasting her time and that she wanted to go home! NO $hit lady! We want to go home too! You have the power to send us on our way! Over 3 hours into the presentation she takes us on a tour of the hotel. I didn't really think it was that great.,Then we go to another room... four hours into it to talk numbers. It started at $40,000 and every time we said no, the price got smaller and smaller. Then a "manager" came over and threw some numbers at us and he went all the way down to $5,000. Wow what a deal. NOT. Scammers. So we told her no, and she slammed the book on the counter and threw her bag in a chair and said she was tired of trying to help us  and that we probably didn't have any money anyways or else we would've bought the time share. She stormed us to another office where we were able to get our tickets.Five hours later, and our entire day trip gone by this point we sit down at another desk. I glanced over the computer while the lady was away and caught a view of the screen. The 3 tickets only cost $56 and they actually had charged us another $50 for the Titanic Exhibit that was supposedly "free". Many of the other people that we boarded the bus with didn't get their tickets because the show that they PAID for because they were "sold out". Ms. F, you're a very special C U Next Tuesday kinda lady. You ruined our day trip and my sons b-day. You need to learn when a sale just isn't appropriate. I hope you step on a Lego. The only reason we didn't leave immediately is that we wanted the tickets and weren't willing to lose the money to that crappy organization,One more thing, these tickets, I kid you not, were in the last row all the way in the corner seats.
1	is it possible to hate a place you've never even been to? Why yes! I think it is. Thank you, Grandview, for nearly ruining my trip to Vegas and sticking me in the filthiest room of all time. About a year ago, my boyfriend and I were staying at Mandalay and passing through Luxor on our way back. We were lured in by some slick talking sales man, asking us if we wanted a free stay in Vegas. A few cocktails deep, he had our attention. He told us that if we pay 99$ deposit now, come back within 18 months and participate in a time share tour, we would have the $99 refunded and essentially have a free trip to vegas. HOWEVER, he made it clear, that most people are not interested in the timeshare tour and they are really doing it to bring people back to Vegas since the economy is so shitty -thus, the timeshare tour was not mandatory. I would lose the $99 on the deposit, but $99 for a weekend stay in Vegas is pretty much the best deal out there. We decided to go for it since we frequent Vegas. Fast forward to this past weekend. Our friends were getting married in Vegas and we decided it was the perfect opportunity to cash in on our sweet little deal. We had the option of staying at either Luxor or Excalibur. Neither is great, but for $99 I could really care less, so we chose Luxor. When we arrived, the guy at the Grandview who was responsible for checking us in first was beyond rude. He basically told us the timeshare tour was absolutely mandatory and that if we failed to show up, not only would we lose the $99, but we'd also pay top dollar for our room. I later found out rates for the that weekend would have cost me nearly $700- read my review about Luxor- absolutely not worth it. I thankfully still had all the paperwork from the prior year and no where on anything I signed did it say anything about the tour being mandatory or that I'd have to pay in full. We were sitting there for a good 10 minutes trying to figure it out but the guy was not budging at all and so completely rude to us that we finally agreed to go on a timeshare tour. He said it would be between 2-4 hours long. We were there for a wedding and didn't have that amount of time on either day to devote to that. Plus, after reading other reviews, it seems it was more in the ballpark of 4-5 hours- thank god we didn't go for it because we would have missed the rehersal dinner and wedding!After he checked us in, we still had to go over to Luxor to get our room- yet another inconvenience of this whole debacle. It wasn't until we got to Luxor and spoke with a manager that he told us that the guy at Grandview was full of shit and that he was not allowed to charge us the full rate. Because we booked through Grandview, they stuck us with the shittiest room ever (and I mean that!) and we couldn't upgrade, even if we paid. It took so much deliberating with a hotel staff member the next night to get them to switch our room, which was completely disgusting and unlivable. Grandview made our trip to Vegas so much more stressful than it needed to be. If you see them in Luxor, RUN!!!!!
3	I'm a well-seasoned visitor to the Grandview. I stayed there with a friend, every year for 4 years, for a month at a time to partake in the World Series of Poker. ***We did not stay at the Grandview as a timeshare; we only paid as if we were staying at a regular hotel. We didn't go to any presentations. We pretty much ignored their calls, when they tried to get us to come.***It's a nice looking place & well provisioned. It's very nice having your own washer & dryer in the unit, but do know they're both small. You can only get so much into them.They offer WiFi for a fair bit of money in the room ($10-$12/day & $45-$49/week. It's been a year, so don't quote me on that.), or you can access the internet in their computer lab for free during certain hours. They even offer a printer, should you need to print boarding passes for return flights home. The Grandview offers a convenient shuttle that runs to other properties at no cost. I only specifically remember that it runs to the Rio, as that was what I was interested in. Oh & it only runs on certain days.I must say, though, that I did experience some annoyances. So here are a few recommendations.Don't get a room near the elevator shaft or the elevator's machine room (on the top floor), or you'll hear banging & booming constantly throughout the night. You also hear water thumping on & off from the various units nearby. However, we didn't experience this to the same degree in every unit; we couldn't track down the source. I highly recommend getting a room on the top floor. The dining table & chairs are situated on a tile floor of some kind. Every time someone upstairs drags a chair, it's very loud beneath. In one unit we stayed in, the walls would snap crackle & pop, for seemingly no reason. We could hear it even through ear plugs. Despite my annoyances, it's not a bad place to stay if you're just in town for a short bit or you're not hard-core about getting sleep when you can. :D But who sleeps in Vegas?!?! :D LOL
1	Don't do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  They are trying so hard to sell you a timeshare that they forget about taking care of the basics when you stay there.   The place is dirty and they don't even have maid service for your stay.  They don't even clean the common areas you have to walk through, those are dirty too. I would not recommend this, it isn't even near the strip, it is 6 miles away.The onsite staff is so incompetent, they can't even find a bandaid for an injury suffered while on their property.Try making a reservation, forget it!  It was the most frustrating process, after making my reservation, I called to confirm and no reservation was on record.  Even after talking to 3 different people on 3 seperate occasions, still no reservation.I have a timeshare in Cancun and I get maid service daily there.
4	What a bunch of crybabies you people are! Remember the adage "if it seems too good to be true, it probably is?" Why do so many of you expect something for nothing? There are no consumer ethics left, you all fail to take responsibility for not getting details and that is on you, NOT the timeshare. So here is why I can rate a Time Share sales team a 4.....First, I knew I was going into a timeshare tour. Anybody who claims they have no idea that deeply discounted event tickets involving a tour is a sales tactic is just plain foolish. Nothing in life is FREE or even cheap for no reason, grow up and suck it up or PAY FULL PRICE.The run of people whining that they got "duped" into a timeshare tour are probably the same people who never listen to anything said to them and only hear what they want to. This is your own fault for not paying attention or not asking questions, take your pick.They make it very clear that you will be taking a bus to another location and will be taking a tour. If you can't tell that is going to be followed by a sales pitch, crawl back into your cave. The people trying to sell you a timeshare are doing the job you asked them to do by agreeing to the arrangement of acquiring reduced rate passes in exchange for their chance to sell you a timeshare. Just say NO, if you don't have the back bone to do that then again I say, PAY FULL PRICE and don't take the tour.Secondly, the one I was on was overbooked, they apologized that we wouldn't get our tour or lunch and gave us our tickets and put us back on the bus. The only down said was having to wait for a couple of shuttles because the OTHER GUESTS on the tour were inconsiderate of who was actually waiting first and shoved me and my mother out of the way to get onto the bus. Simple enough to fix, I went back inside and told them that we had better be on the next bus or the next tour and they made sure we were on the next bus.Don't blame the timeshare group for your inability to afford tickets to your chosen event. Next time, don't cheap out, plan on paying full price or don't take a trip you can't afford. I fail to see how so many people can try to blame the timeshare for the fact they are trying to get something for almost nothing.
3	First of all, this review is in two forms.  One for the Resort and one for the Time Share Scam (as it's been called correctly below).  The resort is 5-star all the way (with the exception of the wireless internet which was as slow as a slug).  The suite was awesoome, very comfortable, and private.  Not much noise from the other guests.  The main pool was great.  The cardio room needs updated equipment, as the treadmills were in need of replacement.  Overall, we loved the accommodations.The timeshare scam was just that.  We told them up front that we were not interested in another timeshare, but was told that it was just a tour and a survey for $100 in coupons at the South Point casino (next door).  We knew better and wasn't surprised with the full sales pitch.  After we said no to the first salesman, he brought over another to double team us.  She even had something prepared that she insisted was only for their current owners, but she could give it to us becuase of a special that was going on.  They worked like a team back and forth until we kept saying no.  The price went from $14K to just under $10K in a mater of minutes.  We still said no, so they were forced to take us down stairs so that we could get our vouchers and leave.  (So we thought.Instead, we were taken into another room where we were greated by a man from "corporate" offices.  He quoted verbatum the offer that was given us upstairs, although this was supposed to be a one time deal just for us.  He then proceeded to try and sale us the same condo for $2,995.  Just a few minutes earlier, the best they could do is $10K  Wow, what a drop.  I'm guessing this was their last resort sales pitch.  If you really want a time share, then hold out until you get to the last station.  But if you don't, then just remember to SAY NO!!!How can they live with themselves, trying to sale a $3K unit for $14K.As we enjoy our week here at the Grandview, we see the steady flow of unsuspecting buyers that were duped into the tour for free tickets.  Each salesperson has his/her own technique.  I've heard the high pressure pitches about how the real estate will grow and they will be owners of a land mine, to the I'm your friend and wouldn't steer you wrong speach.  Geez...  The level they will sink to.  If they want respect, then stop the overpriced sales and give the customer the bottom figure up front.  This place give a BAD NAME to timeshares and is the reason most (at least us) will never sit through another "tour".
3	Beautifully furnished one bedroom condo with king sized bed, full kitchen, 4 seat dining table, sofa bed, two TVs, shower andjacuzzi tub.This is a good choice if you don't mind driving about six miles to get to The Strip.The only downside, NO BLACK-OUT CURTAINS!! How can you not have them in a Las Vegas hotel/timeshare room???
1	Been a long timeshare holder, tried many times to come here but it is usually not available, had to basically book months in advance.  RCI and timeshare suck because in today's environment it is hard for myself and my family to plan 3 to 6 months in advance.Here is download on this resort.Pro:1. Lobby and outside structure looked well designed and beautiful.Con:2. Room is okay, equivalent to Motel 6, with very old TVs3. Terrible blinds allowing desert light shining in your face while you are trying to sleeping4. Pools are okay, nothing special, usually too crowded to do anything, save your time and just shower.5. Walls are thin, you can hear people above and besides you.6. Called front desk several times at 3 AM complaining that someone left the alarm clock on in their room.  Crappy thin walls. Front desks said they will take care of it, never happened, alarm went on all morning.  Same alarm goes off every night at 3 AM for three days in a row, had to check out due to poor service.7.Elevator is hot and humid, no AC or ventilation in elevator8. Parking area has no shade, car is burning hot inside.9. Hallway and inside of building looked cheap with poor workmanship from handyman.10. Pushy sell people trying to sell you timeshare, even though you told them you already owned a timeshare.11. Don't take anything they offer for free, they will waste your time and ruin your vacation by making you regret you ever accepted the offer.12. No free WIFI and purchased WIFI is slower than my cellphone.  What at waste of a place.Will not come here anymore.  Worst vacation experience ever.
4	There are many pools to choose from, which was nice if you have kids & teenagers.  There is also a kiddie pool towards the back of the property.  Note that the property is under construction towards the back and the construction workers start at 5am.  If you are a light sleeper, you may want to request a room towards the front closer to the lobby.  Cleaning in the rooms need a little more attention to.   You can feel that the floor isn't mopped very well and the comforters aren't regularly washed after each guest.  Check out time is 10am and will be inspected by the housekeeping staff, guest do not have to stay until it gets inspected.  At check out you are required to put all remote controls in front of the tv's and put all used and unused towels in the bathtub.
3	Not bad of a place for the entire family. There are no drinking bars, stores, or gambling in this resort. You have to drive or take a taxi to get to those kind of places. It is about a ten minute drive away from the strip. Those were the reasons why I gave this place three stars. I came here since my parents wanted to go here. If you have kids and you still want to go to Vegas, this place is definitely safe for the kids.The swimming pool area is like going to a neighborhood community pool in the mid-morning time I went. Meaning there were a lot of kids.The fitness area is separated into two areas: a strength room and cardio room. The strength room is small. If you see more than two people working out in here, I would probably come back until one of them leaves.The staff are friendly and understanding. Average response time when we needed something in our room was about 10 minutes. Longest wait was 20 minutes.Lastly, our room is nice and clean. There is a kitchenette was at least kitchenware for six people. Two HDTVs, one in the bedroom and one in the living room. Spacious indeed. There is a pullout bed sofa.
1	This review is only for Timeshare presentation and their salesmen/saleswomen.Before coming to the tour and presentation, we (my friends and I) already knew that we would have to face persistent salesmen/saleswomen based on the info they gathered when they signed us up for the tour and presentation.Well, for discounted show tickets, we all didn't mind to attend their tour and presentation.After attending their tour and presentation (including the sales pitches), I'd say this timeshare is quite shady. Too many lies involved. 1. We've been told that the tour and presentation will take about 2-3 hours (it was also stated on the agreement paper we signed), but the entire event actually took about 4-5 hours.2. They kept claiming and emphasizing that buying the timeshare is the same as buying a land. Not true. There is no actual land. It's totally different from buying a real land or a house. This timeshare is more like buying a stock at a stock market or buying a shared vacation membership. 3. They said they are not pushing people to buy, but some of the representatives there, especially the beautiful-and-gorgeous "manager," were quite pushy. Even worse, the beautiful-and-gorgeous "manager" started talking to us with attitude after she kept failing to make us buy the cheap deals she could give to us. In my opinion, a manager should have shown a better customer service skill than the lower-level representative (the lady who gave us the tour and presentation).4. The feedback room was actually not a true feedback room. It was more like "another-attempt-to-sell-their-timeshares" room. The lady in the feedback room only asked us 2 short feedback questions that was done in less than 1 minute. After that, here comes another sales pitch, titled "the lowest deal for today," for about 15-20 minutes. The presentation and the lowest deal they offered were actually quite awesome. If only they didn't commit so many lies, we might go back to them and buy their timeshare in the future.  Anyways, I give 1 star just for the comp (discounted show tickets) plus the tour & presentation from the first lady meeting us there, who was the most friendly and the least pushy.
1	ok first off I would like to say to the idiots at the grandview who respond to bad reviews that you are idiots. I was told 2-3 hours of a presentation it turned into 4 1/2 hours. To the woman who will respond to this my girl and I laughed at the fact you said because of the food the time was extended. If I could curse I would call you a dumb female dog. it took us 5 min to eat the 2 week old bagels and the nasty coffee. it took long because when we said no they dicked us around. and the fat asian dude who was our salesperson was nice until he knew we werent going to buy. then he was a ash whole. his manager (god bless him) told us a story of how he got shot to try to make us feel bad for not buying the timeshare. he was also a dick. then after we said no again they dicked us around even more and we had to wait in a dumb waiting room for an hour to leave the place. we just said F it and we got a cab. however out of everything There was a guy named Jerry we got to talk to. Probibly the nicest person I've met in vegas. but all in all the experience was dumb. the only good thing we got out of it was the free tickets and meeting jerry. other than that if anyone goes there for the free tickets just tell the person that you are only there for the tickets before hand and just keep asking when the presentation will be over. for all them being rude I think everyone should just use them for what they are good for. free tickets. ps the food consisted of sandwhiches and pastries. all of which tasted like it was left out for a few weeks.
4	This place is nice and I totally fell for the sales pitch.  Wish my apartment looked this good!  The tub in the bedroom is great.The not so good:  I wish it were closer to the strip and that they had free wi-fi. Come on now, thats a pretty basic amenity nowadays!  Also, 10am check-out is kinda early, right???
4	Update:  after going to an "owners update" i will say that the sales pitch portion can take a long time and that when they realize that they are not going to make a sale with you, your warm reception is gonna turn cold quickly. But, I suppose that is to be expected and if you are going into a timeshare pitch, you should know that its going to take half a day. The one thing I object to (and wish I had done my research on before buying) is that they tell you that it is easy to refinance at a lower rate, as their finance rates are God awful. In reality, a bank isn't going to give you a mortgage on a timeshare. The best you can expect is to get a personal loan at maybe 10% (which is still an improvement). So my 4 stars is based solely on the property, which is very nice, although I do wish that there was a better gym.
5	Love this place, excellent staff and nice atmosphere. I love how big the rooms are and the fact that they come with a full kitchen and laundry. This is the only place that I stay in Vegas. The only issue that I'll have is that the internet (which you have to purchase) is horrible quality. I spent my money and wasn't able to hardly get any internet access. Also I didn't like the fact that the front desk staff doesn't give chnage and usually has attitude when you ask for them to break money. But other than that this is my favorite place to stay in Vegas
4	This was a great resort! We are tshare owners and normally stay at our home resort behind the Flamingo. We hate staying near the strip and decided to be closer to our friends near Silverado Ranch. The rooms were awesome! I love that it was TWO separate full units in one.You enter one main door and it splits to two separate one bedroom units. We booked two, two bedroom units so we had a total of four bedrooms. This was perfect for our big family vacation. Everyone had their own privacy and they put us next door to each other so we were a room away.  Each bedroom had its own jacuzzi tub which was fabulous! My kids took advantage of the fitness center, pools, and jacuzzi's down stairs. They loved it!Fully equipped kitchens were great and everything was clean and in working order. We avoided the sales pitch meetings because we've been through them so many times before. We own two timeshare units and don't need another one.I will definitely stay here again the next time I'm in Vegas. It's LESS points than our home resort and the amenities were MUCH nicer. I'll give up corian countertops and balconies for a jacuzzi tub and two full units any day!one HUGE con: NO FREE WIFI. They seriously need to offer free wifi in their rooms.
4	Great resort, we are time share owners but decided to sit through the pitch. Free lunch for our family and some good information. We also got our discount show tickets and some free tickets to a comedy show. All the staff were very kind and our sales guy was easy to talk too. My husband was not fond of the 1 door entrance to 2 suites.. I didn't mind it. The kitchen is well equipped and I love in room laundry and jetted tub. Love that this resort is just far enough of the strip. South point casino right next door.. Overall great resort!!Biggest con.. No free wifi!!
3	Recently came here with my mom and we had a good experience. Cons: Yes, like some others have pointed out, the parking sucks. I also thought they should have another exercise room; when you have 8-10 buildings with 10+ floors each, you need more than one room with cardio equipment and one room with weights. They also charged a ridiculous price for their Internet. Those are reasons this place didn't get higher stars.Pros: Lots of pools, although if they continue to add more buildings they should add more pools. The staff was courteous. We went along for their little pitch that tried to get us to switch to a different time share system than we already have, but when we told them no they weren't rude.  Like people said, they do make you go through multiple people but none of the ones we dealt with were rude or overly pushy. And we got free stuff out of it, so we were good! It's nice that they have worked out deals with the South Point Casino across the street.Major pro: We got a huge room! We thought two bedrooms meant to bedrooms, but we ended up with two full suites that each had a full bathroom, a living room, a Jacuzzi tub, and a kitchen.My friends and I have a wedding to attend next year, so we are definitely considering using the time share for that!
4	This is the hotel that is right next to south point, I would not have given it any credit from the outside. South point is the regular hotel and casino attached, and Grand View is like there "towers" I just say they were nice a full kitchen stocked with plates, cups, forks, spoons. A kitchen table, and futon couch, 2 t.v.s a bath tub and a shower. two sinks in the bathroom and a large king size bed. Its a bit off the strip but they provide shuttles for 8 dollars a person all day back and forth until 12 am.
2	Upon check in we said no to the presentation and whatever freebies they were offering.  We stayed at building 1Sage.  The unit was clean but the extra pillows for the sofa didn't look clean.  We were woken up early by really loud noise every morning because someone upstairs was taking a shower. The sound was so loud that even our noise machine couldn't masked it.  My children found small cockroach in our unit, by the kitchen. The toilet clogged up easily and it even overflowed one day. No free wifi. No decaf coffee at their deli. The kids did enjoy the splash pool.  I would not go there again.
4	We stayed here in February and just had another stay over Thanksgiving week. It's away from the Strip, but not too far away, and it was nice to get some R&R from all the hustle and bustle over there. It's also quite close to a lot of good restaurants and shopping around Henderson. We stayed in one of the older buildings in February, which was just fine, and then got one of the new, taller buildings on this visit, which had the same layout but with nice new furniture, appliances, etc. Everything was very clean and the beds were comfortable. One big complaint sits with the wifi, which they charge $10/day, $24.95/three days, or $49.99/week. It was just plain awful. Neither of our iPads would connect, and it was very difficult to get a consistent signal on my MacBook Pro. It was slow on our visit in February, but much, much worse this time around. Parking was also a bit of a pain, but being Thanksgiving week and all they were pretty busy. Other than that, it's a great resort and I'll definitely stay here again.
5	My family is in Vegas this week for the Junior Bowlers Tour Main Event. We are staying at the Grand View Las Vegas in a full 2 bedroom units with 2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms with jetted tub, 2 full kitchens, 2 dining rooms and 2 living rooms. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and well appointments. We are truly enjoying our stay and very glad glad we chose the Grand View. There is also the South Point Hotel and Casino next door for those looking to gable, dine or se a movie.Today we attended the sales presentation and our representative was Frank Stein. Frank was awesome. We spent time with Frank at lunch and during a tour of the resort. Frank explained the timeshare program very well and we would recommend Frank to anyone visiting the resort and taking the tour. We plan to return to the Grand View on our next family trip to Las Vegas.
1	TIMESHARE PRESENTATION WAS TOO LONG!After spending nearly 3.5 hours for a presentation, I wanted to throw up! The sales ladies were pushy and they take you to through 3 different areas to sell you this scam. No way! I rather just be on the strip and pay a minimal amount if you don't intend to stay in the hotel to sleep anyway. To get 2 free shows is not worth 3.5 hours of your time. Never again!
1	Don't fall for one of the biggest scams around!!!***We didn't stay here, the review is only for the timeshare presentation.***The presentation was basically whole bunch of lies & a big scam (you salespeople can deny, but the fact is the fact). Our sales lady (I think her name's June) was very unprofessional, rude, and the biggest lier.The property was FAR from the strip. The presentation took us 4 hours! The free lunch was basically ham sandwiches - which didn't look fresh. Anyway, we were there for the free tickets & gaming chips. Our sales lady got upset when we told her that we knew about timeshare and were not interested. She said we were trying to be smart and didn't have money, and she was wasting her time...Even though we tried to be polite, she was rude and unprofessional the whole time because we didn't fall for her scam. Some of her lies & sales pitches were ridiculous and made me wanna laugh.The two bedrooms that she showed us looked nice when you first walk in. But when you pay attention to the details of the rooms, you can tell they used very cheap material. To put my money into this piece of crap..Nooooo way!At the end of the presentation, we even said thank you to our saleslady, she just walked away and rolled her eyes. Do you really need to be THAT unprofessional? At this point I just wanted to laugh at her again...I saw some people did purchase the timeshare from them. I feel bad for the people who come to Vegas to enjoy their vacation but end up fall for the timeshare scam. Grandview salespeople, you guys are no better than those Nigerian scammers. Go find a better job and have some basic moral.
2	Nice rooms. The reason for the two star rating is the POOR customer service we received at check in. We spent 40 minutes with the front desk lady .She could not find our reservation.The woman that was helping us was the most unprofessional front desk staff that i have ever had to deal with in my life. She could not answer one question I had. She was more worried about charging my credit card .
5	My family and I just returned from a spending our 1st week  at The Grandview, Las Vegas. We loved the accommodations. Anything you would need and most of your wants are right there at our disposal.  Upon our arrival, we were greeted so kindly and directed to the front desk, where we met Steve Stephens, who was courteous and humorous  all while being professional.  Mr Stephens got us checked in in a matter of minutes and we were on our way to spending the most relaxing week ever.  We stayed in a 2 bedroom (double everything), the housekeeping was immaculate.  The decor was just as we remembered from the previous year's tour. The bedroom mattresses fit our bodies like a nice warm hug :).   The jet tubs are awesome and every girl should have own vanity like the one in the bathrooms.  The staff the grounds were all very profession and courteous. Now, they gave us one complimentary week (on one device) of Internet. But they wanted like $50 additional for the 2nd device, that is extremely pricey.   The property is grand, however, the workout room is tiny (only one for the whole property)  and the issue of parking were our only disappointments.  For this reason, I wanted to give a 4 1/2 stars, but that's not possible here and there was no way I'd give The Grandview 4 stars only, so 5 stars it is :) That's pretty much it!  I would encourage all of my friends and family to buy a timeshare here at The Grandview.
4	We have stayed here a few times using our timeshare.  We always book the two bedroom units.  Each unit comes with a Master bedroom, guest bedroom, full kitchen, dining room, and living room.  We are able to invite the whole family when we come here which is awesome!!!  It makes for great quality time with everyone.  No one ever has any complaints regarding the accommodations here.  The only complaints would be that there is no Free WiFi.  Other than the cool swimming pool, there is not much else that the kids were interested in here at Grandview.  At other timeshare locations, there is plenty to do.Fortunately, Grandview is located next door to the Southpoint Hotel.  We would go there to watch movies and go bowling!  Some of the family would walk there to gamble.If I had to go back and do it again, I would have never signed up for a timeshare.  Oh well, at least the Grandview Resort is available for us to stay at.  It makes for a great place to have our family reunions!
4	Not going to lie maybe I'm biased because I'm one of those suckers that bought into the timeshare, I know I know lets here it people its the biggest rip off, scam, cast your stones... I'd probably shake your hand 2 years ago and say thank you now please reiterate that to my other half that had me purchase it. But after having it for 2 years, I have to say its allowed me to stay in some great places that aren't Vegas, but regardless I'm not here to talk about the timeshare shenanigans, I totally agree its annoying as hell, and they pressure you from hell and back. So finally I got to use my actual timeshare home resort, Grandview in the flesh. The rooms were actually a little more updated than I remembered buying into not to mention there were three additional buildings, holy hell on the growth. The room had ample space for myself and my 4 other family members that attended. On arrival they let me check in early, gave me a bunch of South Point coupon discount booklets, which is so conveniently located within walking distance next door. Yes, its not located on the main strip but this worked out great for my folks, who actually enjoyed not having to deal with the hustle and bustle of the strip. They do offer a shuttle service to the strip though, unfortunately cannot remember the times it runs, but I believe its 8 bucks for day use. Room was equipped with plenty of linens to last our 4 day stay, and anything else additional we required the housekeeping was more than willing to provide, my mom was all over the additional laundry soap, she loved the idea of being able to bring a small amount of clothes and the luxury of washing them in the room. The jet tub also won over my mom's heart, yes I was kind enough even though being the owner I gave my parents the private room and enjoyed the pull out couch bed which surprisingly enough was very comfy. The pools are open till midnight, that was a plus in my book! I also noticed they have a small miniature golf set up behind the Family pool (this is the pool with the kids water playground). Definitely a great family resort that offers peace and relaxation at a nice distance from the nightlife shenanigans and banter that is Las Vegas.
5	This place includes everything you can find in an apartment. Nice place!! Great place for a peaceful vacation. Glad I can walk across the street to gamble, enjoy a movie and eat without dealing with the crazy traffic on the strip!
4	We booked two suites at the Grandview for a wedding. When we arrived we had a great easy, fast check in. The front desk was very accommodating and gave us a room close to the best pool for easy access. The rooms were beautiful and very clean. Everything stocked well even own to a sample of laundry soap just in case, not that I had planned on doing any laundry but nice touch since there is an apartment size washer and dryer in the suite. We visited the pool area and it also was very clean and nice with an abundance pool towels (some places run out and I hate that), great music being piped in so you don't have fifty IPods playing all around you. The Timeshare gig was a little annoying in that it went very long (at some point you need to say no, I'm done) but we did receive a $100.00 voucher toward food and fun at the South Point Casino which is right next door.  I am not sure they would have bothered us had we opted out when they asked during check in. The other reasons we would not buy a timeshare at this resort is because the resort is mostly elderly people, not a lot of young families and we were there on Cinco De Mayo weekend. They have a small water play area for little kids but nothing for teenagers. We are looking for a timeshare that has the Grandview experience with more amenities for younger families; lazy river type water park, Movie Theater without having to take my kids through the casino, arcade and restaurants within the resort.
3	It's a good resort if you want to stay away from the "strip" scene. The room is spacious but it has a "hotel-feel" and I wish it had a balcony that we could relax on. The South Point casino is literally right next door with a movie theater, restaurants and more. Great stay. my only other complaint is that we're happy we brought our own shampoo and conditioner because they put a shampoo/conditioner in the bathroom that was ALREADY USED and had little product in there. gross. Try out their deli, the food is good and fairly quick!
3	this place is nice and more family oriented! The complex is very nice! Its away from the strip. It cost us about $30.00 to get to the strip but this resort does provide a shuttle to the strip if you like to go that route. I don't own a time share but if I did own a time share here I would be disappointed it can use some updating like flat screen TVs it still has old TVs.  Its located right next door to the southpoint casino so that was a + if you have children this place is a good place to stay since I did see children at the pool and they have a bowling alley & movies theater at southpoint!I love to party so I probably will not stay here again I like to hit the pool parties on the strip and be all up in the mix of the crowds!!!
1	It was really bad desision whe we decided as a family to go to the time share  presentation for these resorts! Unprofessional staffDr Hattar
1	This guys are scam artists. Please do not sign up for any presentation. They are rude and in considerate of folks signing up for viewing the property.  We were all signed up for presentations and were given the royal runaround by a Amber at the property, Pete and Nina at the booths as well.  Please do not get fooled by the smooth talkers at the booth. They will scam of your time and money and they are penny pinchers.
1	Our family had been staying at Grandview for many years. We have enjoyed the rooms, pool, and location in the past. However the quality of the customer service and the basic maintenance and cleanliness of the property has declined to such a low, that we will no longer choose Grandview as our place to stay when we visit Las Vegas.During our stay in September 2011 there were several issues with our rooms. Light bulbs out, missing sink parts, etc. that we had to get taken care of when we checked in. Then during the stay there was some kind of fire on our floor which triggered the sprinklers and flooded the hall. We were not informed that there was a fire, evacuated, or anything. Then when we asked about the flooding, carpet pulled up, huge loud fans, etc. we were told the fire department had sprayed it down and caused the damage (which the manager denied later, saying it was only the sprinklers). The whole floor began to stink terrible on top of the noise. We were never given the option to move to another floor or building. When we brought this all to the attention of the Front Desk Manager, he apologized and said that the next time we come he will make sure we have a "VIP room" where he would personally make sure everything in the room is perfect and he insisted that an apology gift of a fruit basket (or similar) would await us. When I made my reservation for our next trip in November 2012 I called him and he told me that he couldn't write down the VIP thing right then and I would have to call when it got closer to the check in date to remind him. Quite a lot of work for me, to get the apology executed. I did as he asked and he said everything would be ready when we came, however, when we got to the rooms there were things missing and dirty and there was no basket. So the "VIP" experience did not happen at all. It was just as bad a before and no efforts were made to make it better for us. When we spoke to the same manager about the issues and the basket he sent someone to fix things (which took a long time out of our vacation) and then said they had "run out" of baskets so we were just going to have to do without. Really? At this point we were ready to say never mind, let's go somewhere else and never return, but being nice and reasonable people we wanted to give them another chance to make things right.Our last trip was May 2013. What we encountered was beyond our worst nightmares. Not only was the room filthy with fingerprints, stains, black mold, etc., but all the furniture was banged up, holes in the walls, paint on lamp shades, etc. When we went to cook dinner the usual mini salt/pepper was missing and when we called the front desk to have them send one up, they said they don't provide that anymore. So we had to stop cooking and run to the store to buy a large shaker of each, which we had to leave behind since we were flying home. The first night the shower was clogged and it was backing up into the sinks (disgusting). Someone came to clean out the drain and then housekeeping had to come clean up their mess. A few days later the toilet would not flush correctly and we had to have another person come fix that. We washed our clothes in the washer machine in the unit prior to flying home and found there were these greasy looking spots all over everything. Some of the clothes have been ruined. To top it all off there was a dead roach in our room that wasn't there when we checked in. On top of the issues with the room, we were lied to and accosted by the sales team. At check in we were told that you wanted people who had not seen the new building to view the new rooms and give feedback in a short survey about what we liked about the rooms. For doing the survey we would get a coupon for a free lunch buffet and a gift card for the Cosmopolitan. We asked if this was a timeshare thing and were told absolutely not, it was just a short, no time commitment survey. We were interested in seeing the new rooms, especially since we had been having such issues with the current rooms, so we agreed. They took $20 cash to hold our spot, which we thought was weird for a survey. The day of the tour the salesman who picked us up walked us over to the South Point and literally watched us eat our buffet. That was the most unprofessional and creepy thing ever. I guess the goal was to get us to hurry up so we did not enjoy our meal. Then we went over to the Iris building that we were staying in and looked at a model room that was nothing "new", followed by a timeshare pitch. They refused to let us go and held us hostage by not giving our $20 back.
2	Like many others, I too was almost forced to attend a timeshare presentation at the time of check in. After getting off a 6 hr flight at midnight, the last thing I want is someone trying to sell me a frickin timeshare. The lady asked us to pay $20 to "hold" our spot for the presentation. That was hilarious!! Anyway, we paid just because we wanted her to shut up. But we had our itinerary planned out and had no time for useless stuff like timeshare presentations, so despite their calls and voicemails we did not go. On the day of check-out, when we asked for the refund and they had every excuse under the sun to deny us the $20. That was my donation to Grandview. So a heads-up for people planning to go there. Just say you will attend their presentations but DO NOT PAY THEM money to hold your spot. You will never get it back.The two stars in this review are just for the rooms - they're really great. Almost everything you'd want for a nice, relaxing trip. I enjoyed the jacuzzi tub and shower. The kitchen was really nice too, so we cooked our own meals. We stayed for a week, but did not get housekeeping (people who stay for a week get one free housekeeping service). Tried complaining, but looks like nobody cares.Unlike some other reviewers, I never found parking to be a problem, though. There was always enough room available.
4	My parents have a time share here and this is their second year coming, my first. Its a nice room we had the 2 adjoining rooms and its great to bring your own food and cook there instead of eating out every night. they are also equipped with washer/dryer so you can do laundry right in your room. beds are comfy, bathroom lighting in a little dim so you cant see that well when getting ready in the mirror. pool is nice they have 2. but they only go to 4 1/2 feet so really you just stand there you cant do anything else but float around. casino is right across the street from it. it has movie theater ($5 movie on Tues), bowling alley ($1 from 12am-8am) and also buffet. all the food was pretty good in there. its also located about 5 minutes from the strip so convenient. sucky part is you have to pay for wifi. NOT COOL. my parents went to another presentation while there to just give their opinion on a new room and it took FIVE HOURS but in the end they got tickets to a rockin show for $20 each vs the $80 price so totally worth it for our family of 13!!! We also had a great buffet breakfast with a gentleman from the resort he was really nice and easy to talk to. Oh I also forgot they had old school TV's in the room the old big heavy ones, not flat screens. Never saw that before in a room, well not in a long time. but my overall experience was great! good fun and cant wait to come back again next year.
4	Great Resort, Jacuzzi tub was the highlight of the room. We had a 2 bedroom suite and the room set up is super sweet. I will definitely be back.
1	We were staying at the Venetian and there's a misnomer called "Guest Services" as you're leaving the Venetian and entering the Grande Canal Shopping area -- what it *is* is the Grandview Resort timeshare salespeople. They *act* like they're with the Venetian and offer all sorts of "free canal rides," "free tickets to the Motown show," blah blah blah...if you listen to a "brief two hour presentation."  The next day, a busload of fellow gullible vacationers were shuttled out to Grandview. We're given the hardsell the minute we get off the bus. Then we're "assigned a personal assistant" (read: salesperson) who follows us into the Presentation Room, where a very slick (LONG) presentation takes place. Then we're brought upstairs and presented with several different timeshare purchase options. We said, "No thanks." Then, the salesperson's "supervisor" takes over the table and gives an even harder sell, despite our complete honesty in saying, "No thanks," she said, "Instead of talking yourselves *out* of this, you need to be asking yourselves why you *wouldn't* want to participate in this."  At this point, we had been there NO LESS THAN FOUR HOURS. When we were finally "released" to another room "to collect our gift vouchers," even THAT person gives another "lowest price available" schpeel.  GOING ON FIVE HOURS (not "a brief two-hour presentation"), we *finally* were loaded back on our bus to go back to our hotel.  This is a complete scam!  If we had a extra surplus of cash, timeshares aren't altogether a bad thing -- but I would *not* buy into THIS resort, based on our terrible-awful experience at the "presentation" (read: incarceration).  Beware of any booths with signage that says, "Guest Services" unless you're actually in a hotel lobby -- chances are it's this group.  We wouldn't have felt so "used and abused" if they stuck to the "short 2-hour presentation" they promised...but they bus you out--in the middle of the desert--and you're a "prisoner" of Grandview until they "release" you five hours later. Two words: NEVER AGAIN.
5	I am now what I would consider a expert Timeshare traveler.  I purchased my timeshare in 2005 in Sedona and have stayed in about seven of them since then. Funny thing is that we have never stayed in our own, we don't usually visit he same place twice.  From Montana to South Florida, we have certainly have gotten great use out of our timeshare purchase.  With that being said, I found this resort to be one of the best we have ever stayed at.  We reserved a two bedroom for 5 of us, two couples and a young adult child.  We were assigned to the Rosemary tower which was one of the newly renovated towers.  We had both rooms for the lockout suite, which included two full 1 bedrooms to give a total of two King bedrooms, 2 kitchens and 2 living rooms.  The rooms are connected by an outer area, and we were able to keep the doors open to feel like we have a huge open apartment.  The space we had was incredible.The resort is situated right next door to the Southpoint casino.  When you check in at the resort they give you coupon books for the casino.  When you go to the resort, go sign up for the rewards program before you purchase or do anything.  It only takes 5 minutes and with the 1st coupon in the book, you get $20 free slot play.  We had fun with the 4 of us playing our $20 each.  No one won but we had fun.  The rewards card gets you money off the buffets and the coupons give free bottles of wine you can take back to your room. I was quite surprised at how the good the food was at the buffets.  The prime rib was really good.  We went on Surf Turf and grapes night.  Each adult buffet came with 2 free glasses of wine and then we took a bottle back to our room with the coupon.  The next morning we went back for the buffet $6.95 a person with your rewards card.  This included your coffee and juices.  Although not generally a fan of breakfast buffets, this one was decent.  The negative, this one is packed.  It "closes" at 10 am and you must clear out by 10:30.  We got there about 9;45 and it was a madhouse.  Get there early!  And opt for the fresh omelet station, well worth the wait then the buffet scrambled eggs.One of the best things about the resorts was the pool.  It was the last week of July for our stay and it was hot.  Somehow, they were able to keep the pools cool and refreshing.  They felt amazing.I can't say enough about this resort, friendly, spacious and very well maintained.  I know a lot of people  complain about being pressured to buy, but when we checked in, I just said no to the free breakfast and whatever else they wanted to offer us.  Been there done that, just don't go, you don't have to do it.
3	First let me saw we are owners here of not 1 but 2 timeshares.  We love the rooms, decor and staff but this place is sadly going down hill. The last 2 times there has been mild in the shower and a few other things that just made it seem crummy. Mold takes time to build its not over night so thats just nasty and dirty! Never order from Scotty Beans (their room service) unless you want cold greasy food and not the good kind of greasy.  The only reason im giving it 3 stars is for the decor and jacuzzi bathtub but I do clean it myself first. Be warned and make sure its clean!
1	If you see them in your hotel asking if you want discounts on shows don't respond. They promise you a free "continental" breakfast (bread and sugar water).They will take you on a 5 hour mental torture session and try to manipulate you into buying a time share. They will use your family against you. They will call you crazy for not buying into it. They will tell you that you have to be retarded if you don't think that what they have to offer is what you should want.  They will tell you that the presentation is two hours but will not tell you about the other three hours of wrath when you decide not to buy one. Waste of time. Waste of Vegas vacation time with fam. I would rather pay for the shows in full. It should be illegal to treat people the way that they do. I am very serious!
4	this place was perfect for my family. we rented 4 one bedroom suites side by side.each suite opens to a small hallway and main door. the doors to each suite easily stay open - and feels safe because they're behind the main, locked door.there were four men. i'm 50+ and my older brother met me and my 25 year old son and his buddy there. each of us having our own bathroom and bedroom was awesome. we regularly hung out in the living room of each other's space like it was a college dorm! this setup also worked out perfectly when my wife came to join us after we had been there 4 days with just all the guys - we closed our suite door and maintained our privacy.the full sized refrigerators and ranges, as well as full kitchens were key to it being the perfect place for us. even if we had additional people that needed to sleep on the couch, there's plenty of wardrobe (hanging) and deep dresser like storage.the dining room table was awesome as well, since we needed someplace to sit after cooking - hathe wifi would be my only complaint. it's expensive and only 2 devices can be on at one time. really lame. almost inconceivable. plus, you have to constantly log in. pain in the butt and full of gaul IMHO.  the reasons to use wifi are plenty on a vacation, including uploading our photos for backup purposes and to share with fam and friends. if the grandview's wifi policy was normal, it would enhance the experience and people might write better reviews about the wifi nazi's...we stayed in the daisy and got hip real quick to parking in the covered garage at the end. the kiddie pool was right across from us. the "main" pools are in building 2 and is also where the very handy deli is located. the pools are different though! the temperature of the upper pool is what you'd expect when the temps are 104-110 degrees. mildly refreshing. the lower pool with the waterfall will knock your socks off!!! it might be 70 degrees or even less!  it's the maximum refresher!  we were so chilly after sitting in the cooler water for a while, that we actually got a chill -- and it was 107 degrees outside!!!!  we never visited any other pools, so i don't have any intel on their conditions. oh yea, the deli is a rare gem; they have lots of things you might need in a pinch, but you can also call down in advance. they might have said they deliver, but i can't recall.the other great option is the south point casino right next door. first, it is totally within walking distance. second, there's a short cut just out the gate past the check in office. cross the street and walk up the steps to the side door!!! it may say emergency exit on it, but the employees at the grandview said they go in and out that way all the time.they have a burger and shake place that's great; one of the restaurants serves breakfast which is inexpensive and tasty too.  the roulette tables have $1.00 minimums, not the $5 mins like in the heart of the strip.  i think someone else mentioned the convenience of such a large casino in the close proximity of the grandview.  this could keep you down at the south end without ever hitting the mix of the strip or fremont street. but to us, it was an ace in the pocket; we used it in a pinch to buy lunch before heading out to drop my brother and son's friend at the airport.  cheap and easy.i drove up from san diego so we could have easy transportation while there.  it was a genius move on my part. turns out almost every casino/hotel on the strip has free "self" parking! it was a snap to get in and out - mind you it's august and not the prime season and no huge events going on.  but i got us all around the city, strip, to and from the airport (the I-15 is 2 minutes away), and down to the fremont street experience, and even to sapphire, the gentleman's club by driving - and using my iphone and the new google maps!i would not say i'm a technology connoisseur, but an avid fan of making my life easier.  the new google maps lets you "search" just like you would do when using google's main search engine - but it immediately maps from where you are to that place.  and it does it with minimal screens and steps.  i also used a blutooth  handsfree device from costco that sits on my sun visor.  since i didn't have an actual navigator (aka my wife), i would just search for where we were going, it pulls it up and then i'd hit "start route" and off we'd go. even if we changed our minds mid trek, i could do almost everything i needed to pretty quickly - say, illegally at a stop light, or puling over - and have the new route being spoken to the entire car in seconds.since LV is so hot, we used the a/c all the time.  this also allowed me to stream my pandora or slacker right to the blutooth and we could all jam. the upside to this is that it would pause the music when google maps needed to speak a new instruction - no turning down the music or missing the information!  it was sweet.
3	This isn't a typical hotel stay. These are timeshares that are being rented out when owners don't book the rooms. At first it appears like a good deal, a room the size of an apartment, washer and dryer in the room, full kitchen, stove and fridge etc, but upon checking in, I was almost told I was going to participate in their high pressure sales convention in exchange for free or deeply discounted show tickets. The rooms need serious upkeep, the paint is all marked up from previous tenants, but it's nothing a little soap and water couldn't clean if there was anyone willing to pay attention to this place. The walls are thin, the neighbors run their tub at 2 am, waking up everyone wanting to sleep around them, and I found a dead cockroach on the floor when I first entered. There was another creepy bug crawling around in the shower and evidence of someone's hair still on the shower walls. The space and layout is nice, but the overall room needs upkeep. There are cracks in the walls, paint is peeling on all the doors, there are no blackout curtains in the bedrooms, only wooden shades, and the air conditioner works well but as soon as it stops it gets hot quick.  The sales rep at the timeshare seminar showed us a much nicer looking room that had updated paint and style compared to the room we actually stayed in. To top off this disappointing stay, there were people boycotting outside the hotel entrance about union and labor issues with loud megaphones that can be heard from around the entire property. The pools are very small, not good for swimming in but good for lounging in. The gym equipment was limited to a handful of treadmills, elliptical and bicycles that were so old and rickety that I felt I was going to break them and I only weigh 140 lbs.  Overall, if you can get past the lack of upkeep and the noises of the rooms around you, this hotel was reasonably priced for the space and extras that you get. However, I will not be staying here again.
3	This is a very comfortable resort.  Directly next door to .South Point  Hotel. The grounds are clean. The  Beds are comfortable.  There is a Jacuzzi tub in.the room.   The Living room is spacious. Its like a 1 bedroom luxury apartment. Has a kitchen too. The only thing is we called for some towels and ask them to turn down bed. They bought plenty of towels and placed on kitchen counter. They didn't even get dirty towels out of bathroom nor did they make up bed
4	We just returned from a week long trip in Vegas. I had to attend a conference at Mandalay Bay and instead of paying the outrageous prices for a hotel room we decided to stay at the Grandview Resort. Luckily it is only 6 miles from Mandalay Bay which is essentially the southern part of the strip. This means that if you want to venture into the heart of the strip it is a little further. I've heard that the resort provides a shuttle that you can purchase for the day but since we rented a car for the week on priceline for under $200 we never used it.We stayed in the Daisy building which was extrememly nice. Modern decor, granite countertops, flatscreen televisions in both the bedroom and the living room, and a large bathroom with both a shower and jetted tub. It is a small walk to the pool but we didn't mind it, and I'll tell you why. Parking can be a nightmare here. They do have a parking garage but it is at the end of the resort..........and right next to the Daisy building! Being Vegas we would never come home before 11pm and there is not nearly enough parking spaces for the number of rooms they have, hence the need for a parking garage. So we figured it was the lesser of two evils to be closer to the parking garage than the pool. We would rather have a short walk when we come home after a late night than a short walk to the pool. But alas, only our opinion. The room itself was very clean and they provided you with many items I wish we knew so that we didn't pick them up at the store. We stopped at the grocery store before checking in. They give you several coffee filters, a package of coffee, dishwasher soap, and one load of laundry detergent. They don't give nearly enough shampoo and conditioner so I would pack more of that as well as body soap. For the ladies, they do have a hairdryer so you can leave yours at home. The full kitchen has all the silverware, pots and pans, and cooking utensils that you need including a microwave and full fridge, as well as a dishwasher. Not too much more I can mention about the kitchen.The king bed in the bedroom is extremely comfortable, and I looked forward to falling asleep between the sheets every evening knowing that I will be getting a good night's rest. The pull-out bed in the living room couch does have a thin pad and so not as comfortable for those sleeping there. Checking in was fairly simple but beware if you don't want to take a tour. After hearing some of the other reviews here we decided not to take the tour and save ourselves from a possible headache. After you check in they direct you to the place to get your parking pass. This is also the place they try to get you free or discounted show tickets in exchange for a resort tour. If you don't want it then just politely refuse and ask for your parking pass. They will try to pressure you a little but if you stand firm then they will just give you your pass and walk away. This is also the place we got a coupon book for the Southpoint Casino next door and VIP passes for nightclubs. Make sure to pick up some of those because they're free!We saw two shows there, Matsuri at the Imperial Palace and Blue Man Group at the Venetian. Matsuri is what I would call a stripped down Cirque du Soleil show. All the performers are Asian and seating is done by tables. Our family got a front row table and had an amazing view! It's basically a show of dancing, feats of strength, agility, and balance. Not as big a production as some of the other shows in Vegas but a good one none the less. My 7 year old nephew was even called up to help perform a trick. I'm sure it's just a gimmick to get you to buy a photo or two (which we did!) but he did have a good time and you can't put a price on that. All this for only $45 bucks a ticket, but we did find a discount online.The second show we saw was the Blue Man Group. To tell you the truth, I wasn't as impressed by this show. I may have had higher expectations but it basically boils down to 3 bald men painted blue making some music with PVC pipes and their band as well as making a mess with paint. Don't get me wrong, it was enjoyable to watch but I did get bored more than a few times. I just don't think it was worth the $80 bucks we shelled out for each ticket, and this was discounted online! All in all it was a great place to stay and we really didn't mind being a little further from the strip. I'm sure there are some people who would love to stay in the strip, and we would too, but I just couldn't justify spending all that money for one of the strip resorts. I'd rather save that for a good meal, shows, or GAMBLING! They do have a free business center where you can look up stuff to do and print boarding passes but you only get 20 minutes so beware of your time. We almost got timed out buying our show tickets. If you want wireless you have to pay for it but if you have a smartphone look to see if you can tether it to your laptop. Luckily we could with our phone and could play
1	We came here on vacation and immediately upon arrival someone was given my key to my room. I was on the toilet when the mistake was discovered, it was very embarrassing. The place was beautifully set up but when turning on my jets for the spa tub, a lot of black crap came out while I was in the tub! It was so disgusting. They trick us into a presentation that took all day. High pressure and belittling tactics were used including a promise of  certificate of 100 dollars to spend. We did purchase after being lend through several levels of people trying to pressure us. Finally when we got our so called gift certificate. They were vouchers that could only be used at south point. Obviously these people pissed more than us off because there was  protesters in the front protesting exactly what we went through. The landscape was nice but as for customer service and the sales presentation. Horrible, time consuming and inconsiderate of people choices and leisure.
1	We came here for their timeshare presentation.  You will see their people on the strip asking you to come here in exchange for free shows and dinners.  The people on the street will tell you it takes two hours and then your on your way with your free gifts.  Let me be the one that saves you this huge waste of half a day while in Las Vegas.  You will be there longer than 2 hours, you will be treated like a nobody after you tell them no and have to wait another hour after to get your gifts.  The free dinner is one where you have to pick one of three items they offer.  One of the shows that was given was expired.  They will offer you 5 different prices for the timeshare which is far from the strip.  Please DONT waste your time here, rent the movie Boiler Room in your hotel room and you can say you experienced the Grandview Timeshare Presentation.  Look on line and see all the reviews and how many people want out of here....oh gotta go the shuttle back to the strip is here and this only took 4 hours because the computers were down, what a joke!  I have more respect for the folks playing instruments on the street asking for spare change, at least they work for their money and have more talent than these "Salespeople" at this awful resort!!!!
2	The rooms are very nice, clean and comfortable. Family above us was very loud, early in the morning I could hear them eating stomping on the floor.arguing...chairs sliding etc.. really took away from the experience.,We were in the Lily building right behind the office. The parking was horrible, there were never any spots near the building open. Had to dump the in-laws on the curb since they are not able to walk so much. Then Id drive around praying for someone to leave. the casino next door was closer than the parking garage to our building.WiFi is an issue too.. 40 bucks for the week on 1 device.. gosh every hotel we were at on our trip had free WIFI but not the most expensive.. .. I only pay 19.99 a month at home.One of my guests was approached at check in to do the time share presentation. The lady started filling out a form for him for the next morning and he said he may not be able to go but would try, she rudely asked him if he was going or not? He told her he didnt know, she tore up the slip and said never mind have a nice day.. REALLY??? Welcome to Vegas!
1	We figured it wouldn't be terrible to sit through the time share presentation to get a free stay at the Venetian in Las Vegas. It's an interesting concept but not the right fit for us. What made it unbearable is how many times we were lied to, told the wrong information, and insulted by the sales rep. She called us broke multiple times and was incredibly demeaning. I will never consider going back and would not recommend it to anyone.
5	Very Nice...I will be back..
3	Yes, I was at the Luxor & got dragged into a timeshare presentationYes, I bought itYes, I'm a timeshare ownerYes, I like it here. We got a two bed timeshare. So once a year I get to go to Las Vegas and stay at the Grandview Resort. I get the use of two rooms for a week. Each room has a bedroom, kitchen, spacious bathroom, dining area & a living room. The rooms are beautiful. The view, not so much (freeway & other buildings) but it doesn't bother me. The place is clean and it's basically a home away from home. Cons:* Parking is hard to come by. It usually is a long walk. * 7 miles from the strip, far from the action* House keeping only cleans your room once (Wednesday) only during your week stay. Pro:* You have your own kitchen & you can save same money on meals. * 7 miles from the strip, you can slow down & just relax. * if I don't want to come here, I can deposit my weeks and book my vacation anywhere in the world. And that's why I'm a timeshare owner.AVOID the temptation to go to another sales pitch. My mistake, Yes, I went for another of their sales seminar. That will never happen again. As an owner, they want you to buy an upgrade (no matter what level you're in, there is always another step up). They say a lot of good things about your investment at the start, but when it came down to the final numbers, they completely trash what you already own to get you to buy in again. No sale this time and the condescending attitude was not appreciated. And I won't forget it either. I love this place, I enjoyed my stay here. But avoid avoid avoid the sales team.
5	If you know me, or have read my reviews, you know that I don't candy coast or bullshit on my reviews. Getting a 5 star from me really means you have made quite a good impression on me. The Grandview Las Vegas did that and more. My husband had purchased a base package timeshare at the Grandview several years before we married. We never stayed at Grandview and had traded the "weeks" for affiliates for the last couple years. So a few months ago we got a letter in the mail inviting us for a two day stay for free, casino credits and a free gift. The only caveat was that we had to sit through a presentation for current owners about new programs. Whatever.  My husband and I own entertainment businesses and we get tickets for CES for free, so we decided to stay during CES...great for us because the room rates are ridiculous everywhere. Check in was cool and we were given a voucher for a free buffet at South Point. Our room was a standard one bedroom, facing South Point. It was clean and we'll appointed. We had breakfast the next day with the Grandview sales rep, Casia. She was super nice. We learned all about the new, upgraded tower and learned that we could sell my husband's base model and upgrade to the super-badass-mo-fo pretty reasonably. So we bought a two bedroom in the new tower.Casia, Miki and Bruce were beyond awesome and not pushy at all (trust we, we would have walked). They even got us 2 more days on our current stay so we could enjoy CES even longer. Timeshares aren't for everyone. But, they work for us because we like to travel, and with the points, we can go anywhere in the world...and we have two sweets so we can bring friends. You can't beat that. I recommend Grandview Las Vegas to anyone looking for a Vegas getaway, where you can getaway from "Vegas" when you're done with crazy strip stuff
5	The place is so clean, staff very friendly and helpful, quiet area and surprisingly the sales people are not as pushy as what I'm used to. The gym is awesome! I never had to wait in line for the treadmill, they have a few pools on site (kids and adults, hot tubs). If you don't like the strip all day everyday, this area is perfect b/c it's only a 5 minute drive on freeway and 10 minute drive on Las Vegas Blvd. Nearby main grocery stores (Albertsons, Trader Joe's, Food For Less and other Pharmacies). Very convenient location.
1	We got suckered into the presentation last year and needed to use it before it expired. Knew little to nothing about how these things worked, but had heard many horror stories! We got free rooms at the Luxor and got upgraded to a tower room with a King bed at no charge which is nice, the pyramid rooms SUCK!We arrived Saturday so we had to go to go 'check in' Sunday and were shuttled to the resort. It was 15 minutes up the strip which was a draw back! Anyway, we arrive and then are greeted by Ken. We are informed about the free breakfast buffet and then are told to get into Ken's personal car (sketchy!) and drive back toward the strip (near the Bass Pro Shop) for the breakfast. We get back to the time share take the tour and then the pitch began. Craig Van Thuyne (sales manger) came over and gave us some options, we said they were too expensive and then had some cheaper options. Still too expensive, he then grabbed his boss and she gave us a "special lowest possible price' deal. Still expensive for us, after a lot of HIGH PRESSURE sales talk we told him it wasn't for us and he let off and left.Craig then came back to us two minutes later and started asking us again why we didn't want to buy. He then turned very pompous condescending  jerk!! Began saying "you just don't get it" after telling him we understood it was a good deal, but we would like to buy a house before vacation real estate. He kept pushing and saying we "just don't get it! No, you JUST DON'T GET IT!!" I then told him to stop! I don't appreciate you talking to me like I am dumb! You have no right to talk down to me, I am the customer you are trying to talk into buying something! I will solely never buy here due to the fact that Craig Van Thuyne (http://www.linkedin.com/pub/craig-van-thuyne-rrp/42/541/546) treated me like an incompetent child and was unable to comprehend what he was trying to sell! It turned into a light shouting match before he got pissed and told Ken to take us downstairs so we could get our vouchers and be on our way.Once down stairs we take an interview and ANOTHER sales pitch!! This pitch will be extremely cheap and seem like a better deal! She was not as pushy! But she knew the exact "special lowest possible price" we were offered upstairs the Craig was flipping out on us about! We then were able to leave and get out of there. Terrible experience and will hopefully never get suckered into another presentation again!
4	I'm pricing my return to Vegas in the summer and just cant seem to fork over the amount of money it will cost to stay at one of the nicer hotels on the strip. Sure they are really nice and chic but I plan to stay for 5 days and will be taking multiple vacations this year. I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite (Rosemary Building) in November for FREE and would actually pay to stay again!Why would I choose to stay here instead of being directly on the strip?Reason #1Simple, the cost. Many people have timeshares they rent here. They usually go from 550$-650$ for the WEEK! Yes folks, 7 days! I know most people don't stay here that long but you have the option. That's a 2 night stay at the Cosmo and many other hotels.There's a ton to do in Vegas and IMO you cant do it all in 2-3 days.Reason #2This resort is literally 5 minutes from the strip, 10-15 minutes from the airport, a 5 minute walk to the South Point Casino, and 5 minutes from Walmart/shopping, and 4 hours from Californian beaches lol. Its near pretty much everything you could want. Close enough to all the action but you still have piece of mind when you return to your room.Reason #3Its clean, has a large full kitchen, large bathroom, comfortable bed, updated decor, pullout sleeper in the living room, LCD tv's, and a "home feel." The grounds are also very clean and there is security in the front of the premises.  We cooked breakfast nearly every morning and even made dinner once. There's plenty of silverware, cups, plates, and anything else one would need. If you'd rather not cook on vacation, you can walk over to the South Point and enjoy some super cheap eats! Prefer something fancier? Drive to the Ihop 10 minutes down or back to the strip. There are plenty of places to eat near the Grandview. Breakfast, lunch, or dinner.ConsIf you're looking for something "sexy" or  "hip" this may not be the place. Its very family friendly and slow paced. I have absolutely no issues with that. I just wish the gym area was a bit more updated. There are no free weights and the machines are pretty dated.-No free wifi Really not that big of a deal because I used the hotspot on my phone.I really enjoyed my stay in November and will more than likely return this year. If you'd like to save money for all that Vegas has to offer, this is your spot! I'd definitely recommend this for those on a budget and those with children. P.S.EVERYTHING is cheap at the South Point. Take advantage of it. Its not the sexiest casino but you can have a good time there. I definitely had my doubts but I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Even shot dice with Flavor Flav lol! 5$ tables booooooooooyyyyyyy!
1	Never again we left something in our room and it came up missing. I will keep you posted if it is found!!!!!!
1	On a recent trip to Vegas, we got roped into the timeshare scam by Grandview Resorts.We were approached on the strip by a blonde lady named Robin and offered two pairs of free show tickets plus a free buffet breakfast if we could suffer through an hour presentation after. We were told the hotel we'd be touring was just down the strip from where we were staying at Excalibur so we figured, knowing it would be sales pitch that we wouldn't take, two hours of our time was worth two free pairs of tickets. I really wanted to see a show while on vacation.Um no. All lies. We boarded a charter bus from our hotel on the strip with a bunch of other suckers around 10 am. We drove for 30 minutes on the freeway. Got off the bus and were ushered into the lobby of some hotel in the middle of nowhere. Upon arrival, there was no food as promised. (The saleswoman on the strip had insisted that we don't eat before we go so we were totally hangry at this point and annoyed that the hotel was so much further than we were told.)We waited in the lobby until 11 am. Some salesman retrieves us and has us get in another car to travel to yet another property 10 minutes away where we were told the food would be. (We're about an hour in at this point.)In the car, we told the salesman that we were told the hotel would be on the strip. "This is the strip," he replied. "Technically, we're on Las Vegas Blvd still and this will all be connected by 2020." Seriously, dude?That's when we asked to be taken back to the hotel and given our money back. We wasted 2 hours of our day. Got no free show tickets, no food and had to argue to get our money back.Don't fall for the scam! The 2-3 hours does not include travel time. It's more like 4-5. The hotel is not down the strip at all. (They'll tell you anything to get you there.) It's quite far from the strip and in the middle of nowhere. There are plenty of ways to find discounts in Vegas on shows and other fun. You don't need to attend this scam for free tickets. Totally not worth it. PS The salesman said we could complain, but warned us that this was such a successful pitch that the company would not care about two people complaining. Comforting. Shame on you, Grandview!
3	You will thoroughly enjoy your stay as long as you don't interact with any of the staff. They look like they partied too hard the night before and are hating being at work.  Elizabeth Rizzo at the RCI office was one of them. She was the most unfriendly person I met in Vegas. Fortunately we are pretty self reliant and had a good time otherwise. The unit was comfortable and the other guests were nice and respectful. I baked cookies and made a gourmet dinner. The kitchen nicely organized for any munchies we wanted to prepare. My husband noticed some mold in the shower so I mostly used the in-room jacuzzi which seemed clean enough. Well, since we are stuck with a timeshare here we will have to come prepared next time. Note to self: Bring bleach and don't rely on the employees here.
2	We are RCI owners and didn't trade for this but paid $199 for the week on special. Here are my issues as a owner who frequently trades with Diamond. Please note I left these issues with management and NEVER heard back despite their "strive for 5" policy posted:They charge for an in-room safe. As an owner this is a liability and serious concern.They charge for the shuttle. Other properties  do not.Unclear and random pool closures which felt like we were being herded due to presentations.Powdered creamer in the coffee bar area cheapens the resort. Other RCI resorts offer coffee all day with REAL creamer. The use of in-room jacuzzis is loud and prevalent. Beware of all hour usage. As a mom of two kids - I was passed out asleep as was my husband and we opted to play cards for the entire hour of usage above us.There is no DVD player in the bedrooms. When traveling with others it's a nice separation from the living area. Be warned if you are parents. The game room is dated with archaic "prizes". It's actually embarrassing and needs attention. Prizes for "mp3 player" and foam headphones from 2000 are available and may be relics now.There are NO activities or activities staff at this resort. Having made friends with our group of Sunday-Sunday folks they all voiced the same concern.Should you choose to utilize the unadvertised putting green in attempt to amuse children- they require and ID rather than a room hold. I argued this point again to no avail- I'm not giving anyone my CA ID for freaking mini golf clubs.South Point Casino offers a variety of activities that this resort fails to mentions. There are food deals, bowling, we even visited a free rodeo- I think neighbors should do a better job of dual promotion. However room is clean and staff is friendly. These are management issues and I repeat were not addressed during my stay although they advertise a "please tell us policy".  BE WARNED.
4	I've stayed here 3 times and I've decided to finally review it. The Good Things:- Spacious Rooms- Units were clean- Multiple Pools- Food Delivery Services made available - South Point Casino Adjacent to Resort- Shuttle Service to the Strip- Quiet Area off the StripBad Things:- Pressure to participate in timeshare presentation- Some of my party didnt like the distance from the strip- We had neighbors who thought we were being loud so they sent security to our room twice but it was another room. Overall, I have stayed at 8 difference timeshares in Las Vegas and this property overall, is in the top 3 in my opinion.
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would, while the hotel was beautiful, the timeshare people were nasty. We didn't stay here but got roped into a 2-3 hour timeshare presentation in exchange for free show tickets. We told them right off the bat we were interested in owning a timeshare but did not have the money to pay that day. They were rude, insulting and desperate for business. 6 hours later we finally got to leave with our "sold out" show tickets in hand, where we had to rush over to MGM to reserve our seats so we didn't "miss" the show (the theater was less than half full) It was the most uncomfortable scam I've ever endured. I would NEVER stay at this hotel or any of it's affiliates simply because of this experience.
2	this hotel is really nice the beds are super soft and comfortable however, in my uncles room the toilet was plugged and the door to the shower was coming off and it was very easily to get cut.i called for the wifi thinking it was free if it was a couple dollars i would pay so i called and it was 2.99 a day 7 days for 14.99 which is not bad i told them i would call the back so i called back and the prices went up outragously 7 days for 49.99  ls like what the heck also the coffee machine was broken and it overflowed then we tried my uncles and it got burnt i didnt even know coffee can get burned. There was no book to welcome us tell us whats around there, number to room service and give us the channels,i had to google it.we have stayed at other resort summerbay and it is so nice and it had free wifi overall i give it a 2
1	Don't get scammed. I own a timeshare already. I was asked to attend a meeting to look at their new updated rooms and then fill out a survey.  I asked point blank is this a presentation.  No it wasn't and we would receive a gift of three tickets to  cirque soliel for 69.00. I agreed,  4 hours later we were released from jail.  Holy cow! And I was told that eventually even though this condo was away from the strip eventually it will be filled in with a new 'London casino", ' a City by the Bay' casino and a indoor ski resort.  Well I googled it and there was  plans for that but they fell through.  Don't get me wrong the timeshare is very roomy, however pricey wi fi, charges for trip to the strip, and misleading practices on getting you to attend their timeshare presentation just steers me far, far away from this place! I stayed at Tahiti Village and was never bothered!
1	THEY ARE A BUNCH OF SCAMMERS!!!! My husband and I were on our honeymoon!!! We were a approached by a nice lady saying we can give us a lot of attraction tickets for a very cheap price, all we have to do is give 2-3 hours to go to grandview resort too your their hotel and they will provide a free buffet. Sounds like a great deal right?? NOT!!!! We had no idea they were trying to sell us timeshare. We didn't come here to vegas to spend 5 hours!!!!!! on crap, we didn't come here to buy timeshare you idiots!! We came to vegas for our honeymoon to have a great time, not for these idiots to waste 5 hours of our day on our honeymoon!!! We left at 230 and got back to our hotel at 730. We kept telling the sale representative that we had reservations for show tickets at 7. He kept telling us to reschedule. Are you f'b serious??? IfYou work in Vegas you should know that show tickets are non refundable. Stupid idiot. We wasted our whole day and all our honeymoon schedule for messed up. I rather pay full price for all the attractions. This was sooo not worth it. The sales representative was also very condescending. We own a home and a business. And we just spent $40,000 on our wedding. And when we told him that and said we don't want to buy the timeshare, he said "I don't believe you own your own home or a business. You can't even afford this timeshare?" F'n idiot. Pls ppl don't get scammed like us!!
1	A "90 minute" timeshare presentation took upwards of six hours. Totally ruined our vacation. Then at the end they tried to give us different gifts than we were promised.
1	Don't be fooled!  Biggest scam ever!  The condo was great and we got an awesome deal thru RCI for only $149 for the whole week - BUT.....We've been to many timeshare presentation and were determined not to waste our time. The lady at the front desk offered us show tickets or $80 cash and 2 breakfast buffets. We told her we don't have time to waste on a presentation. She assured us multiple times in writing that there "no time commitment , no presentation or video". She even gave it to us in writing and circled "no time commitment" -  well 3 1/2 hours later we were still being held captive and told we could not leave. This was the biggest waste of our time ever and they would not take no for an answer and passed us off from one rep to another hoping one could convince us to buyIn the end our "punishment" was to wait in a big room to receive our gift where there was already about 10 other couples waiting to be calledThe final insult was when we requested a late checkout due the presentation that started at 8:30 and they were going to charge us a fee!!Horrible experience- the condos are nice if you can stay clear of any sales reps no matter what they promise! Don't believe anything they say!
1	These guys remind me of Scientologists. They come up to you, manipulate you to come to their sanctuary, destroy your spirit and moral during a long presentation. Then when you are at that breaking point where you don't care anymore and will just say YES to anything that's where they get you. It's a scam, unless you enjoy losing your money don't waste your time. Once you're in, there wont be any rooms available most of the time, and even though you aren't using the time share you still have to pay for maintenance and some other BS. Good luck to you if you got suckered in.
5	We had an amazing stay! First time ever and we will absolutely be back. Make sure you rent a car. It's much easier to get around with a car and all of the hotels offer free parking. Loved the pool area! The rooms were stunning! Clean, new... Everything was amazing. No hassles and a super easy check out! We will be back for sure!
1	This place is a scam!!! Don't get suckered in for a "tour" here... It's a waste of time and everyone is super creepy and the atmosphere is like an asylum. They told us 2 to 3 hrs but we were stuck for almost 4 in a half hrs. Once you don't agree to their scam, every agent and every worker gives you a bad attitude...not friendly at all! This mean ass man name Joshua made us wait extra long because I had the guts to get up and ask why was it taking them 2hrs to give us our refund, everyone is nuts in here! WASTE OF TIME!!!!! DON'T DO IT. I would never be interested in buying a time share in this nasty place it has this weird ordor, hospital mix with funeral home:/ sorry just saying...___ **I had to edit this because at the end of our tour their shuttle didn't leave us at our hotel where we got picked up!! What a joke! We had to walk about 20 minutes. Don't mind walking but come on! We were promised to get dropped off exactly where we were picked up! Ughhhhhh I will tell everyone I know to never agree to this scam
1	the timeshare @grand view is a dirty scam guys plz save your time & money it's one of the worst thing i have ever come across on any of my vacation...this guys "kerry" extremely "disrespectful" "ridiculous" guys if u don't buy it from them this guys "kerry" will make sure to disrespect u n insult u in front of public...we are so glad we didn't buy it from this insane people.."just imagine if this type of customer service they provide u at front how worst n insane can they get after your purchase because they got their money later who u..p.s this lady jen she's a wonderful person amongst all..come here only if u wanna ruin your vacation cuz this is the place to do so...insane people....
1	Date this happened: 5/13/14.  I hate to admit it but I was suckered into this presentation.  Hoping for a decent trade-off for our time, instead of show tickets (they offered Cirque de Soleil which I do not like) we were given $400 in gambling money, buffet tickets and a comedy show.  We were told that it would be a 1 1/2 hour presentation, 2-3 if we asked questions. (Remember this for later.)  Said they would feed us breakfast when we got there, we were told  "They have a huge breakfast buffet going on right now" and that a car service was waiting to bring us over.  There was no car, we wound up waiting with 2 other couples over 1/2 hour for a shuttle to arrive.  Once we got there we waited another 45 minutes for them to even call on us.  The "huge breakfast buffet" consisted of flavored coffee, bananas and chocolate chip cookies.  Then we waited another 20 minutes for someone to show us a presentation, which never happened, so our sales person said we would go eat and then come back and do the presentation manually.  He started walking outside and we were thinking we were going to another building or next door...instead we got in his car and he drove us about 10 minutes away to another casino buffet and we had to have lunch with him.  Very uncomfortable. When we got back, he gave us a tour, showed us the casino next door and sample apartments that were for sale and brought us up to the sales room.    He started his pitch, we knew we were going to say no, but he was very nice and so we genuinely listened.  Then he walked away and came back with a manager.  I instantly didn't like her.  She told us the 1st price, which I all but laughed at, then offered us something lower, then something even lower, then another one even lower than that.  We were very respectful and kept declining her offer.  Then while explaining to her why we financially couldn't afford to do it, she got loud and obnoxious in trying to make her point to me, which just made me shut down.  I told her at that point that the answer was no and we were done.  She left and the sales person we had apologized for her.  I told him that we just wanted to leave and after another 15-20 minutes they brought us downstairs "to get our gifts".  He handed us off to someone who I thought was giving us our gifts and instead he offered us a foreclosure for $80/month.  After declining again, we were passed on to the person who gave us our gifts.  We are now in our 5th (FIFTH) hour here.  We get on the shuttle back to our hotel and have to wait another 20 minutes to leave.  The only saving grace was that we had $200 each in gambling money at the Casino Royale...or so we thought.  That was a scam as well.  You could only use certain slot machines and couldn't cash out and only won if you hit the jackpot...which only paid you $100 cash.  The "free' comedy show had a $5 charge due for each ticket. So we wasted over 5 hours of our time and got 2 free meals and were insulted.   Not a pleasant experience.
2	as owners we checked in yesterday we were told that we could get a breakfast and a review a free buffet breakfast at the South Point casino they tried to spend like an hour trying to get us to upgrade our membership and got mad when we refused we bought show tickets and they tried to tell us that are free gift for going to the review was the show tickets which we have paid for and got mad about that too very unprofessional don't waste your time here it's to late for us you been warned
3	I stayed here for the first time this past week for 6 days with my boyfriend and some of his family members.I was told that the tower we stayed in was built later than the others. I'm not sure if that means that any of our appliances and such are better than the older rooms. PROSWe had everything we needed to be comfortable. Nice clean sheets (this is a problem that I've had in other places), towels, everything we could think of to cook basic meals for lunch.. a bit more than the works.The room had a really nice decor, which made our stay much more homely. The bed was comfortable.. I slept better than I do at home. I loved the pools, even though I only went twice. I preferred the area with two pools and the rock fountain. The lower one was mostly empty and I didn't have to be around splashing kids much.When requested, items (new towels, soiled towel pickups) would come within minutes.The air conditioner worked amazingly. CONSI'm someone who is often barefoot. If you are too, you know that your feet can get dirty easily, but wow, I couldn't be barefoot on the tile ANYWHERE in my room without them turning black within a minute. While the floor appeared to be clean, it is obviously not mopped or sprayed with a tile cleaner regularly, if ever. I found myself turning the shower on to rinse off my feet, which showed blackness, multiple times a day. Gross. I also found someone's clipped toenail in the middle of the floor in a spot where you normally walk. Ok then!I don't think that a day went by without hearing pounding, knocking, or stomping upstairs directly above us. We heard some guy clearing his throat, coughing and watching tv right through the wall behind our heads in bed as if the wall was paper, BUT at least that didn't last long. During one of our last days, someone was knocking on a door so loudly upstairs that we thought someone was knocking on our door. This was while we were asleep. Argh.Every time we needed a luggage cart to easily carry up groceries or our belongings, they were impossible to find.There's nowhere to park at night, not at our building anyway, so you have to park kind of far. I'm sure this is an issue for many visitors.Aside from ONE girl who was always cleaning the "lobby" of our building, the pool people, security, and drivers, I never once saw another staff member in person. Everything was always over the phone. Weird.The little store where you can buy food and snacks near the pools I liked/the gym/etc, Scotty Beans, was so overpriced and the food really wasn't that enjoyable. Don't get me wrong!!! The employees there are really nice, I even left a tip during one visit. I tried the pizza, which actually was tasty, but when I got a sandwich, it was soggy with grease and wasn't a panini.... at all. You have to pay for wifi. Bummer.Whistling toilet....The lint catcher in the dryer fell out multiple times and eventually bent, leaving me unable to use the dryer before we left. I had to leave with a bunch of wet clothes because it wouldn't stay in place, so the dryer wouldn't stay on.Last but not least, because it was Memorial Day weekend, they wouldn't allow us to have a late check out. "Absolutely not." I even asked if they would accommodate someone who is disabled (me). Nope. We ended up leaving the night before.----Despite all of the cons, I gave 3 stars because I would stay here again, especially if the floors were actually clean (that was the worst part for me), although it wouldn't be my first choice. A lot of the things I listed were disturbances but they wouldn't keep me away on their own. No place is perfect, I guess they can't improve unless you say that certain things made you unhappy as a guest....I did also enjoy that South Point was within walking distance. We had a car so it was super easy to get around, but getting to the casino would be convenient for someone without a vehicle.
5	This is my first time staying away from the strip. I was very skeptical when I booked at The Grandview. When I arrived, I was amazed how big the resort is. Nine multi-story building. The Grandview gave me a first great impression before I even walked in my room.As previous reviews have stated, once you check in, the sales staff try and convince you to sign up for a presentation and discounted show tickets for just participating. This is the bread and butter of this type of places so you have to understand how that works. After I politely turned them down, I was not bothered about it again.When we arrived at our room, I was impressed on how nice the room really was. I had a one bedroom with deep jet bathtub in Bldg. 4 and a small kitchenette. The room also had a sofa bed and the bedroom had a very comfortable king bed. Did I mentioned the room had a DEEP jet bathtub (very nice).Yes, it is far from the strip but in my opinion worth the distance. If you want to go to Las Vegas, have fun and more important relax, you can't go wrong with this place.
4	This place is worth a look if you are looking to invest in a timeshare.  My guide was friendly and knowledgable.    We talked over breakfast which helps break up the 3 hour sales pitch.   The deals were affordable and the locations were good.   It felt low pressure.  Sure, they followed the normal time share propaganda but all in all a good experience.  The hotel its self feels very generic. Nice model condo but nothing special---could have been anywhere.   It was odd to me that they took us off property for breakfast---would have like see what food was offered on property.
1	I am an owner at the Grandview at Las Vegas and booked a 2 weeks. I'm in the second week of my vacation and have noticed a lot if little negative things that when added together makes for a really unpleasant stay; like, the guys hanging out, smoking, and creating an intimidating presence for other owners entering at the main entrance of the Daisy building. In the weight room some of the gym equipment is broken. The thing that really did it this evening right before midnight on June 2, 2014 I received a call from the operator Natasha stating very rudely that my neighbors complained that I was using the jacuzzi in my room and that security was waiting outside my door. The thing about it is in the week and a half that I've been staying in my room I HAVE NOT ONCE USED THE JACUZZI; in fact I had just returned to my room and was laying in the bed about to fall asleep. I told the operator Natasha this and she stated "there is a security guard waiting outside your door." I got out of bed and opened the door to find a security officer waiting to tell me that I needed to stop using the Jacuzzi because it was after 10pm and was disturbing the neighbors. I Told him I was not using the Jacuzzi and invited him in to come and look at the unused jacuzzi. He told me that he could not enter my unit and I needed to stop using the Jacuzzi immediately.  I then requested to speak to a manager in charge and I indeed received a call from Patrick who went on to tell me the same story and and kept accusing me of using the jacuzzi. The call became a screaming match with me telling Patrick that this was unacceptable an he Patrick screaming at me and cutting me off by screaming that my neighbors are the ones who complained. Patrick's screaming was so loud I had to hold the phone receiver away from my head; I just hung up the phone. All I can say is WOW! What unprofessional behavior.
1	Ok, I have to start by telling everyone this - if you were stupid enough to agree to the timeshare presentation, and furthermore, stupid enough to buy the damn thing (like we were) - please know that YOU HAVE 5 DAYS TO GET OUT OF IT!It was a terrible experience and ruined my vacation. My vacation that I paid TONS of money for. We were in Vegas for Memorial Day weekend on a whim as I really just needed to relax. This trip was beyond stressful thanks to these horrible people.A guy (I think his name was Austin) in a booth in front of our hotel (TI) waved us over, asked if we were married (odd - but we are not) and offered us free show tix, etc - we were told we'd be getting a tour of a new resort for the purpose of word of mouth advertising. Had no idea this was a timeshare presentation.1. They kept us waiting for over an hour in the lobby - I asked whether this hour+ wait time was included in the 2-3 hours we were told we would have to be here in order to receive our "free" gifts. NOPE! Should have demanded a refund and ride back to TI at this point, but we were already there (if you want an upgraded package you pay a bit and are promised tons more stuff)...2. They had told us not to eat beforehand as we would be fed lunch as part of the tour. By the time we got there my bf was beyond starving. Buffet at the Silverton was definitely subpar.3. Way far away from the strip. Why did I agree to buy this bs again?4. Pushy Pushy Pushy! High Pressure. It was hell. 5. Lots of old people here. Didn't seem very fun to make up for the distance from the strip. Reminded me of a retirement home.6. We were there for a total of 8 hours. On Saturday. After a long drive the night before. After being told 2-3 hours. Ended up extending our hotel stay (which was super expensive) just to try to salvage our trip after this.7. They pretty much would not let us leave as long as we kept resisting their sales pitches. Why I caved, I will never be able to reconcile with myself...8. We had a driver take us back to the hotel at 8pm (on them luckily) as the shuttles had stopped running. I had instant buyer's remorse and vocalized this in the car. THANK GOD for this driver, I'd go back and tip her more if I could - she goes, well, I believe that by law you have 72 hours or something to get out of that. Upon getting back to the room and researching it - YES! You have 5 DAYS according to NV law. There is a cancellation form contained within the contract as well. Hallelujah!9. We agreed to a price of I think 11k + 175/year maintenance fees. We found people selling these things on ebay for 2-3k. Yep, definitely cancelling!Got my refund for the deposit today - thank goodness it wasn't even MORE of a pain.You people should be ashamed!Just remember - YOU HAVE 5 DAYS TO BAIL!
1	So my boyfriend and I tried this place out since our current timeshare suggested this place because it was new. Our situation was tricky, we decided to half the week by having my bf's parents take the first 4 days and my bf and I take the last 3 days of a one week stay. The room was comfy and convenient with a kitchen.  The jacuzzi was a bit tricky since there's a curfew. Our experienced could have been a little better if it were not for one situation. When trying to purchase vouchers for the KA show we were asked three times if we went on "the tour." We clearly stated three times, "no we did not, our parents did."  After the third no, the lady's attitude changed from cold to just plain rude.  She spoke to us as if we were incompetent.  I didn't want to have to say it, but I think she was AGEIST!  She treated us like young kids. (compliment bc we still look young, but irritating because of the child like treatment) Mind you, we did NOT give her attitude!  We were on vacation and had no time for nonsense.  We were raised to respect our elders!!! More than I can say for some people. We heard about this tour from my bf's parents and how excruciating the tour was for them.  They were not pleased from all pushy sales people.  In sales world a single "no" is not enough, but when said multiple times I'm sure that no becomes definite.  The parents were incredibly irritated and agreed that it put a damper to their mini vacay. I understand it is sales, but taking the aggressive route aggravates guests.The only thing that kept us pleased over the short period of stay was the casino South Point right next door.  Overall we were disappointed especially use to being spoiled by our current timeshare.  I doubt we will stay here again.
3	I really wanted to give this hotel a 5 but I just couldn't! I have stayed at South Point hotel numerous times and have always heard that Grandview was a nice place to stay and within walking distance. So my husband and I finally decided to give it a shot. My step-son was with us. So a suite seemed ideal! Overall our accommodations were ok. The bed within the bedroom was comfortable. The sleeper sofa was ok. The kitchen was a nice size. The pool was freezing cold. Considering it was over 100 degrees outside, cold sounds nice. But somehow the pool was actually too cold. Overall, Everything was just ok. I guess the problem is that I actually think that the rooms at South Point are better. In fact, I can think of several hotels in Vegas that are far better than this. I just felt disappointed. The person who checked me said he was giving me a recently remodeled room! It wasn't remodeled. The decor seemed very old and outdated. I don't think I will be staying there again!
1	My husband and I decided to purchase the Grandview Marketing Vacation presentation offer for 174.00 on March 11, 2014.  We fully intended on using this sometime in the next year. However, when we returned home the following week, we were given military orders to move to Hawaii this summer as opposed to what we originally thought would be in Spring of 2015. Knowing that we would not have time to take a vacation before then, I mailed in the request for refund on March 11, 2014. WELL within the 30 day limitations set forth in the contract referring refund requests.  It is now June 1st. We have NOT been refunded and all contact numbers I can find go to a voice recording that says "mailbox full". I will continue to try and contact this company in order to receive our refund, but anyone looking at doing business with this company should beware!!!!
5	Proscomplete kitchenjacuzzi in roomliving room and bedroomvery spaciouscomfytwo outdoor pools, one for kids, one for othersquick walk to bowling alley, movies, casino, and arcadeshady parking garageshuttle to various placesConsit smelled like smoke on my floora bit of a drive to the strip 10-15 minutes
4	I've been visiting this hotel for years. I've never had a problem with the room having any kinds of problems like the furniture being banged up, dirt marks on the wall,  or paint on a lamp shade. etc. I've also never had a problem with roaches in the hotel room. I've also never had a problem with damanged furniture. I also like the pull out couch is a full and is comfortable. I also like how they provide for you the sheets and extra pillows. This hotel used to have free dvds you can check out but they don't anymore. =/  That's ok because you can just walk to Southpoint to watch a movie  because they're neighbors.   I like how this hotel has a mini kitchen and two pools and two jacuzzis. The room is usually clean when we check in.
5	Nice place for a family. So far I haven't had to experience the time share scam.  Great pools.  I found this place on hotels.com. I will stay here again.  I really thought the staff was wonderful, and courteous. Any time I ran into a maid, or maintenance worker. They always greeted me with a friendly smile and made me feel at home. I thought the grounds were exceptionally nice and clean. Only one thing bothered me about the grounds, they used oleander plants throughout the property. Which is something I had to keep an eye on because I had a 15 month old daughter who was putting everything in her mouth she could get her hands on. For those people with children, keep an eye on your children and pets
3	The photos by Amanda B. are all TRUE. My family and I have stayed in 5 different rooms at 2 different times of the year and there were issues with cleanliness and damaged furniture in every room, every time.
4	We have never actually stayed here...But we did go to a TimeShare presentation for the property and is very nice. New and on a growing part of the strip.This will be surrounded by the New "New" strip soon. Prime realestate for sure.There is a pool for every building and the rooms have full kitchens and what not. Amazing for families. Although I dont condone Vegas vacations with the kids!Headed over to the nearby Silverton Casino for a buffet lunch, which was the best part! Delicious and the best in Vegas as far as I'm concerned. There is located the 2nd largest Bass Pro Shop I believe.
1	We got suckered into signing up for their timeshare presentation while staying at the Flamingo. They use little old ladies to get your attention, because who can turn down an old lady?We were offered the romance package - 2 tickets for a VIP gondola ride at the Venetian and a free dinner worth over $150 dollars! In reality, this meant a $17 shared gondola ride and dinner at a terrible restaurant whose food had no flavor.Back to the hook, they tell you when you sign up that you will get a free breakfast/lunch buffet when you arrive and it will take 2-3 hours and not to eat anything. Since the hubby and I had no plans, we signed up for the 9:45am presentation. We get to the desk at 9:15am the next morning. We're placed in a taxi and driven 10-15 mins off the strip. We sign in and wait and wait for our assigned sale person to take us, along with others into a room where we sit through a 1.5 hour or so presentation.Since we hadnt eaten we were getting HANGRY... we are taken to the nearby casino buffet to have the most awkward lunch with our sales guy ever.............. who wants to sit and fake conversation while trying to pig out. When i let the sales guy know that we were not interested in buying a timeshare... he started getting an attitude. I told him straight up that we will not be buying and I didnt want to waste his time and we had plans at 1pm. He would not let us go early and was a jerk about us not trying to buy. When we started getting tired, the sales guy tried to say you need to listen to what im saying. The price started at $19k, after we said no, it went down to $15k, then when we said no again... it went down to $10k. The merry go round they send you on is a joke. First its the sales guy, then the sales manager, than the ppl who is suppose to get you your gift, then the ppl who actually get you your gift.Overall the entire process was draining. We were there from 9:30am until 1:30pm. And their "courtesy shuttle" wouldn't even drop us off at our hotel. Definitely not worth the "value" and sales people and manager give you a hard time when you state you are CLEARLY not interested. Did they really expect me to spend thousands of dollars in 3 hours??
1	Whatever you do, DO NOT GET SUCKERED INTO THE PRESENTATION CRAP THEY DO HERE!!!!!! Absolutely horrible false advertising and unless you don't want to spend 4-5 hours in awkward forced conversation over s#itty food that makes you nauseous, go spend your time doing something else. As for the rooms they're just ok. I've noticed grimey floors and little bits of trash all over the carpet in the hall. Other than that it's ok nothing special. Trust me on the presentation for free gifts thing. Stay away!
3	I haven't stayed at very many timeshares, but overall this is a decent place to stay in Vegas during peak season. My friend's parents had an extra room, I wasn't about to decline the offer. I lived in Vegas for five years, so staying off the strip was okay for me this time around. If you want to be in the middle of the action, don't stay here. It's miles away from the main strip, but South Point is a decent casino right across the street, and the M Resort/Casino is a few miles down S Las Vegas Blvd.The one bedroom units have plenty of space. I had one for myself which was overwhelming. Full kitchen and large living area; this is a good spot for families. The pools are just okay. I went out to catch some sun and was mostly annoyed by the frat/sorority crowd that took over the pool. I thought being off the strip I might avoid it, but alas, they're everywhere. I admit, this place could use a face lift. It is a bit like a hospital/nursing home complex, and the up keep is a bit relaxed. I had too many...hairs in my bathroom (dog or human?). My neighbors shower drain stopped draining on the second day, they fixed it themselves because they couldn't get service fast enough. Also, I know they are trying to sell units, but phone calls everyday is excessive...Especially when the people staying there are already members. Overall, pretty good spot. I would come back.
1	My first stay here and my first stay using my new timeshare.  I was so happy to get to stay in the new honeysuckle building since I toured there when I purchased the timeshare.  I checked in and took my daughters swimming.  Came back and tried to wash only to find the washer not working.  Maintenance came and had to remove the washer.  They had water everywhere.  The new washer didn't work either and they had to repair the electrical plug, so they were in there until after 12 midnight.  They never offered us to move and the front desk treated me like we were the problem.  They used all our towels for the water on the floor and we called for others twice, but they never came.  We had to go up to the front to complain in order to get them.  I am not the type of person to complain easily or give poor reviews, but this was horrible! I think the worst part was that maintenance said they knew the washer didn't work in that unit.  I am regretting my timeshare purchase now....sad.
4	We've stayed here several times and you can't beat the value for your money. It's not glamorous but equivalent to Embassy Suites. We really come to chill out. We got the VIP check in and no hassle about the "tour." The two receptionists were very nice and helpful. When we came to our room our keys didn't work. Security came in under 10 minutes and was very helpful. Later that night when we tried to get back into the main building, our keys didn't work on the building entrance! Other than that, I really think this a good place to bring the family. I like that its right next to South Point and I can get to anywhere in Vegas in a few minutes. If you're looking for the "Vegas Experience" it's not here, but it's a modern, clean place that's perfect for your kids. My family is very picky and The Grandview always meets with their approval. You can't beat the value you get here -- you certainly won't be slumming it. I return here several times a year and always look forward to my stay.
4	My family and I stood a week at the Grandview last week in a one Bedroom Suite..Daisy building and we were very impressed. I have two kids age 5 and 10 and it was a perfect fit for all of us for the week. Rooms were updated and kept up nicely. I even had family come in last minute and they were able to accommodate them with no problems. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Right next door is Southpoint Casino. When checking in make sure to get the coupon book they give you for Southpoint, and use it. If you sign up for the players card it gives you $20 of free slot play (I won $60 off it)  $7.95 breakfast at their buffet and $9.95 on lunch buffet. We preferred the lunch over breakfast. If you want something simple eat at the Steak and Shake They have a really good $4 menu and the kids menu prices are around $2-$3. The Pools at Grandview are open until Midnight which is nice since it was so hot during the day. It's about 10 minutes from the strip but that was fine with us. Oh almost forgot if you do not want to go to the timeshare presentation decline the free breakfast when checking in...We made the mistake of accepting it..presentation wasn't too bad ...were already owners at Bluegreen so we declined what they offered but we received a  free breakfast and $100 cash plus discounts on shows and other things that saved us lots of money especially with kids. Was worth it for us but if your looking for a relaxing vacation and don't plan on leaving much. I would definitely decline the offer. Overall we had a great experience and plan to stay again next year.
1	I have stayed with this family of resorts twice in orlando twice in weston and once in Virginia.  The property have always been top notch till the grandview it just as others have said the mirror and a lamp in room ha d been broke in many pieces and glued back toghther  we ordered a walker to be in our room on arrival a month in advance called two days before ariving and again the day of arrival and we're told we were set when we arrived at 2 30 am the front desk said it up stairs we will have security deliver it right away at 900 am I called front desk still had not arrived come to find out it wasn't even on property yet. Signs out front everywhere telling you you can only park for 15 minutes during check in. It would be great if there check in process only took 15 minutes but it doesn't so why the signs you control how long were in there the claim to be handicap friendly resort  but they have 3 handicap spots per a 500  rooms  building There as activity daily are the same three things each day trio to grocery shop pool pictures and craps lesson day after day after day no kids or adult activities as you would expect at a first rate time share
5	First of all, I never usually write reviews (like ever) but I felt like I should. Before going on my trip, I did look at Yelp reviews for the Grandview and I was a little worried to stay here. All I kept reading was how people were hassled to listen to a presentation and it was bad review after another. I must say my boyfriend and I were very pleased with the Grandview. From checking in to checking out, it was all great. We got there and our room was very clean, and we had everything we needed. All we needed to buy was groceries. As for a presentation, no one approached us at all. The staff at the front desk were very polite and personable.    I guess the only downside would be Scotty Beans (the cafe/little restaurant/store). The flyer they put in the rooms states they have room service. So my boyfriend calls down and asks if we can order room service, the girl on the phone says "we don't do room service until 12". Since she answered the phone, we took that to mean they were open. We went to go look for it since the flyer says they're behind one building (can't remember which one). So we found Scotty beans and order our food. As we are waiting, the same girl answers the phone and starts taking an order for room service. It was maybe 11:20...but I thought she said room service wasn't til 12. Anyways that put a bad taste in my mouth, why say no if you're going to take orders anyways.    Other than that, we were very pleased with our stay.
2	The rooms themselves were nice, comfy beds, spacious.  But when we first entered in, we walked into our room and all the drawers of every cabinet and dresser were open, all the silverware and kitchenware was on the sink, couch and chair cushions were removed, there was no shampoo or soap provided in the bathroom and there was a dirty bra on the kitchen counter.The worst part of our stay was, we got tricked into sitting through a timeshare presentation when we checked in.  The woman said because we were owners of a timeshare there, we had the opportunity to see a Vegas show for only $20.....all we had to do was get a free brunch and listen to a brief description/view the new upgrades they made to the rooms there at Grandview.  She literally made it sound like brunch with our friends, look at a room, and we were out the door.  She specifically told us it was NOT a timeshare presentation, and indeed it was.  Not only did they separate us from our friends for the brunch, it took 3 HOURS of our day and it was right in the middle of the afternoon, so basically killed our chances of taking advantage of an entire day of our brief vacation.
4	My family and I loved this place.  Spacious, clean, nicely-decorated rooms.  Clean pools open until midnight.  Gym was satisfactory.  Fast and easy check in at lobby.  Felt safe and clean throughout.  Smoke alarm battery in bedroom began chirping so I called and a nice gentleman came to replace battery within 10 minutes.  Called housekeeping to ask for an additional blanket and within 15 minutes a nice young man brought two blankets.  I was carrying our trash bag to the elevator to dispose of in the trash bin in parking lot when a helpful young staff member approached me near the elevators and asked if he could take my trash bag, that was very nice and unexpected.  All staff members whom we interacted with were professional and helpful.  We could hear other people's bathtubs being filled but sound was not terrible.  It was wonderful being walking distance to South Point Hotel and Casino, the Steak and Shake restaurant inside there is great, and kids loved midnight bowling, also near the bowling alley there they sell Krispy Kreme donuts.  Positive experience overall with every aspect of Grandview Resort.
1	That was a week response to my problems and you did not contact me you responded on yelp no I would never return to your resort there are 1000 of choices in your town to stay and yours was not a good experince. You and your staff miss the point about the walker it communication if they did not have then you call the room not leave someone waiting for over 10 hours the bottom line is you do not offer hospitality at your resort it starts when u pull in to find your negative 15 minute  signs and it contuines to your staff and then to management who don't take responsibility and say we blew it  you make excuses  and contuine to tell your self you run a first rate resort and not attempt to fix your problems
1	There is poor customer service here. They are so busy selling new units that they do not care about the people that are currently staying in the units. There are tours constantly going through the place. It's so bad that you can barely walk on the sidewalks! The wifi doesn't work even though they advertise that they have free wifi. I complained several times and nothing was done about it I was just told to fill out a comment card. I'm a student and this was a huge inconvenience. The air conditioner didn't work and there are only 3 ice machines per building and half don't work. Buyers be ware.
1	**Complaint:: would give 0 stars.**Warning; Don't go to the Prensentation** even you do have a few hours to spare for a few gifts. a Bad Apple spoils the bunch.The Manager came over to try to convince us to purchase, after we stated we R on vacation and do not want to drop $4k and We diddnt like the room set up with the kitchen and bathroom next to each other.     He began another sales speech and my husband said Skip the pitch and show me the new figures for the property that you "took back" from an owner as this room was suppose to be cheeper down payment.Once my husband stated "show me the numbers" he crumbled the paper works and said now that offer is off the table and you don't get to see it; told the sales agent; get them out of here.This is byFar the worst timeshare presentation we have been to.The previous yelp reviews were True: the pastries were not edible (hard, and nasty) I was hungry but couldn't eat it or drink the coffee or juice; not good.As far as the property and what there selling; we did like the idea that you are purchasing a Deed/real property not air/points.But we would never invest in a company that would treat their potential buyers/ buisness partners like crap.We had a hard time finding out the manager name but was told by Corporate his name is Adonis.Apparently they have received many complaints that Adonis was reported as being an Asshole. That this word doesn't sum it up, but I'm a lady so I'll leave it at that.We still don't know if that is really his name and could not get a last name and he did not wear a badge.
4	I love coming here! This is the third time and we already own so we use the timeshare presentation to get free tickets!! The rooms are always clean and nicely decorated. Staff and security are everywhere so I feel comfortable walking across the street to South Point and back. The true convenience of this place is the kitchen. We stay 7 days and those buffet tabs can literally "eat up" spending/activity money quickly! I like being able to cook my own breakfast or lunch without spending $8-$20 bucks. My only complaint is parking....the buildings are pretty close together so parking is limited. They do have a garage but who wants to hike to their building with all there heavy bags. We rent a car each time but a shuttle is available to bring you to all the action further down the strip. The resort also offers daily activities on site.
1	My husband and I got suckered into going to this timeshare presentation by an employee at the Luxor. We were mislead by her information. My husband and I do not make over $50,000 and even though we told her, she said it would be okay to check the box for $50,000 and above. She made it seem like all we had to do was go see a presentation and we'd get two tix for the show of our choice. She also said it would take 2 hours but it didn't. During the presentation, the woman leading it said many times, that we would not be pressured to purchase a timeshare but that was bull. My husband and i told the sales rep. that was assigned to us that we weren't interested in purchasing a t.s that day and he seemed to understand but he said he still had to do his job and show us around. Obviously he didn't understand since he tried pressuring us to buy a t.s after the tour. We only brought enough money to watch shows and spend in Vegas. After telling the sales rep. that we were still trying to pay off loans and bills and that we didn't think that it would be wise for us to carelessly spend our money, especially when we still have other important expenses, he was still pressuring us by telling us some bull about how important it is to vacation and blah blah blah. We do understand the importance of vacationing but how are we supposed to enjoy vacations when we know that we're broke because of the payment for the time share. After seeing that my husband and i were not buying into it, he brought this Stan Lee look a like manager who was such a jerk. His name was Jeff and he should be fired for his attitude. I told them that they were making me feel pressured and the manager said that if I was feeling pressured that it was pressure within myself because he wasn't pressuring me. I wanted to get the hell out of there before I punched that old man. These people were horrible and they ruined my trip to Vegas. They will not take no for an answer. I'm just glad my husband was strong enough not to fall for this crap, especially when he looked online and saw that he could purchase a timeshare for about $100, rather than the $30k that these representatives tried throwing at us.
5	Amazing experience, my gf and her friend were very impressed with the rooms, very private good price bed is amazing it's good for a nice getaway relax abs enjoy the week!
5	This is a great place to stay if you want more space,  a kitchen,  and comfortable amenities.  Yes, they do push time share stuff.  Basically,  when you check in you do so with the check in person, who is very polite. Then they have you pick up your parking pass from another person.  This second person is the time share person.  I simply say that I am not going to any shows and  I do not want their free stuff.  I would just like my parking pass.  Each time I have been here (about 5 times) this person can be rude (a stark contrast to the quite polite check in people). I have just learned to shut them down by repeating "no,  I  want parking pass and the map".  As soon as I get it,  I leave and the rest of the stay is quite enjoyable. The pools are nice to hang out at.  The movie theatre next door is nice to walk to.  The grocery store Fresh and Easy is nearby and has a lot of pre-made foods that are easy to prepare on days that one does not want to eat out again.
1	Do not fall for the timeshare crap. They make it look all nice and promising, keep pressuring you offering these ridiculously amazing deals which are really hard to resist. But it's all bullsh#t.
1	Went for one of their timeshare presentations today. We were told that we were just going to check out the property for no more than an hour and a half, that a nice breakfast was included, and that we would be back at the hotel by noon. Above all, they promised that there would be no pressure to buy anything, and that it was just a friendly tour to promote their new property. I should not have let myself get suckered in.Five hours later, we found ourselves still sitting in their waiting room, waiting for our "gifts". This, of course, is after being endlessly, uncomfortably pressured into buying a timeshare that we said multiple times that we were not interested in. Our tour guide was polite and understanding, but we were still pressured over and over again, told that we were missing out on a great deal. We were also promised a ride back to the hotel in a private limo, and were instead sent home in a bus.It's now 5PM and we've just gotten back to our hotel, after leaving at 10AM. We went to exchange our vouchers for our show tickets. When I asked where the seats were located, the lady who signed us up for this terrible experience promised that the seats were toward the middle, in the green section. Our tickets are for the blue section, all the way up in the back and to the side of the stage.Do not fall for this. It is a complete waste of time. Go to tix4tonight - they'll get you better seats and you won't have to waste the last day of your vacation being bullied into buying a timeshare!
2	Don't fall for their timeshare scam!I received a call a few weeks ago letting me know that I had won a free trip to vegas because I had entered a drawing at the lobster festival. This part is true. I did indeed enter the contest.The woman on the phone let me know that it's a 3 day 2 night stay at the Grandview with meal vouchers and a free return trip and $50 free slot play. Sounds good so far. Then they dropped that I would need to attend a 90 minute tour of the resort as an effort for us to get to know the resort so that we can tell people about it. She said the purpose is not to sell the timeshare and that she didn't even work for that area of the company. I would also need to put down a $99 deposit which would be returned to me after I attended the tour. I didn't really have a problem with this. I knew this would still be a sales pitch, but I had no intention of buying a timeshare, so I figured I could just walk around the tour for 90 minutes and then continue with my weekend and get my deposit back. I was a little suspicious of the deposit but i was assured that I would get it back. When i called them back, i was told it would be returned to me within 24 hours of checking in.A few days before the trip, I finally get my confirmation email basically contradicting what was told to me on the phone. The letter said the tour is actually a 2 hour sales presentation and that the refund would be in the form of a Visa gift card which I would receive after the presentation. I feel like that should've been disclosed up front. And even still, I went along with it.So I got to the hotel late friday night. I wasn't able to schedule my tour since the welcome center at the Silverton was closed. Which I knew, because I had called to inform them that I would be coming in late friday and they said it was not a problem. I could schedule the tour Saturday morning. I get to the welcome center first thing Saturday morning and they tell me that all the tours for the day are booked and the next one wouldn't be until Sunday 11am.Problem #1: I was never told that arriving late would be an issueProblem #2: The stated check out time is 10am. So of course I made plans already to leave right after check out. There was no way for me to stay for the 11am Sunday tour.Problem #3: They said they overbooked for this weekend. (aka Not My Problem)Problem #4: They told me to call the marketing people which is closed on Saturdays.I called the marketing center at 5pm on Sunday when they were open. Basically they said they couldn't give me my deposit back but weren't able to provide a good reason. For some reason, they can't just credit it back to my card, which makes no sense to me. And they can't mail me the gift card, which also makes no sense to me. They said i have to attend a sales presentation. They had the nerve to at first tell me to drive all the way out to vegas just to attend the presentation.
1	Wow this is some shady ass company. Their representative (at Luxor) had told me about a free vacation package which you have to put down a deposit and when you come back and look at a timeshare presentation, they will refund you.I have a family member (with the same exact package and got it on the same day) who told me they got a full refund when they asked for it, when I tried to cancel, they said no. I explained my situation and they still didnt give a shit. This is just a riduclous company trying to scam people and steal their money.I will never come back here or to the hotels associated with this company. And I will damn sure let everyone know to not stay at these three hotels ever again.
4	We had a lovely set of adjoining suites with my in-laws. They have a timeshare and that is one of the properties that they can use in their network. The units are clean and well apportioned with all sorts of modern amenities. The beds were very comfortable and our son really liked the fold-out bed that he slept in. The pools were also really nice but for late October we focused on the jacuzzi, which was the size of a small pool. They also had gas grills available for guest usage. If we find ourselves here again we will definitely make use of those. It is positioned right next to the South Point Hotel and Casino which is a really nice facility. I also liked that we were off the Strip but not too far away from it. We would definitely stay there again!
4	Not sure why all the bad reviews?  This is our second time staying here.  The adjoining rooms are great for bringing in-laws or kids.  The rooms are laid out nice.  A few items that kept me from giving this place a 5-star rating:*  missing most of the silverware when we arrived*  plumbing is pretty loud when your neighbor is using the shower or jacuzzi in the room*  TV only get the analog channels, no digital*  WI-FI is spotty at timesOverall for the low timeshare trade-in points we use to get the rooms, availability during the year, location next to a nice casino and close access to freeway and stores we are happy with this place.
4	First time at this resort in Las Vegas! It is absolutely plush. Check in was a little hectic, however after getting the keys and walking in it was worth the trouble. Turn it up !!!
2	Went to see a time share and was told it will take twi hours and I owe the other time shares (the  jockey club and west gate ) I was a little interested ! Then I was the location it was 30 miners a way from the strip and The presentation was different than most but 4 1/2 or 5 hours! It took most of my time then the showed me the price it was outrageous it was more then  my vacations would be for the  whole year maybe two  ! The only thing that was good was the maintenance fee! So I said no cut it was crazy price then they take me to this room a offer me a deal with the price 1/3 of what they ofered me they just waisted my time why didn't they offer that in the first place ? I ended up buying but I told them I didn't throw if I would necessarily recommend this for other people and less you are really interested The rooms are hella nice but the time share is a little expensive ! The girl Jen  is really nice I would recommend to ask for her ! The pool is nice ! But location is far from the strip  but u can use the book n use ur pontd n stay some where else
1	Whatever you do, stay away from any free deal these people offer for you to sit through their timeshare presentation!!! On the paperwork it says the presentation lasts for 2-2 and a half hrs. Well when we showed up, our salesman told us we would be with him for the next 3 hrs. He was so nice at first, got along with my friend and I, laughed a lot and then when we asked how much the timeshare was, he wouldn't answer and kept changing the subject. He took us outside to show us the "beautiful view" which was dead desert. Not too beautiful to me. He walked us to the common room where people hangout and watch tv, everyone had to be 75 yrs and older, I am 30. It seemed more like a retirement home than a timeshare. I noticed it had been over two hrs and thanked him for his time but we weren't interested. He said we were not allowed to leave until the 3 hrs was up. I told him I signed a paper which said I only had to stay for two to two and a half hrs. He said if we left we would not receive the free things we were promised. So at this point we have literally been blackmailed and kidnapped since what I signed said I could leave after two hrs.  I figured we could tough it out since it would only be another 45 minutes. That 45 minutes felt longer than the first 2 hrs. These guys don't know the word no, they do not listen to you and they turn into assholes after they know you won't buy from them. I said no about 30 times and the manager walks up, tells us a guy is selling his timeshare and I can get it for the price of $12,000. Half price of what the timeshare was (which was a complete lie) I said no. He then lowered it to $4,000. Again, I said no. He then offered me the timeshare for free and all I had to do was pay the $1,000 taxes each year and put down $1400 today and my week stays would be the $209 a week. I swear if I had to hear them say " and for ONLY $209 a week you can stay ANYWHERE in the world" one more time, I was going to scream. They made my friend cry out of frustration of not allowing us to leave  at the 3 hr mark and they kept pressuring us and wouldn't sign the paper saying we finished the presentation. It was like they wanted to make us so mad I would just sign up so they would shut up. When you don't listen to a girl when she says no, hold her against her will and make her cry and say sexual remarks about her body the entire time it's a close feeling to being sexually abused.....not okay.....At 3 hrs and 20 minutes we were finally told we could leave.....finally free. We were sent to another room to tell a man how our presentation went. As my friend was still crying we told him how awful it was. He had to fill out a questionnaire on our answers and the question on the page said "how was the presentation" after we told him how awful they were to us I saw him write "good" on the answer line.....he straight up lied on their questionnaire! I then was sent to another man to get my 4 free nights at the Luxor and my $200 deposit back. He said it would take two days to be put back into my account. It took over a week. When we got on the bus, everyone had similar stories. I was the only one who was dumb enough to put a $200 deposit down. So if you do want to visit Hell on earth for free stuff, you do NOT have to put the deposit down! Don't do it. We all agreed it was not worth the free stuff they promise.
1	BEWARE! BEWARE! BEWARE! of TimeshareI can't stress enough on avoiding these so called freebies. Last Saturday, 12/6/14 we were enticed with free tickets and a chance to win 125K if we entered their (Granview Resort) drawing at one of the hotel in Las Vegas. Being the first time here we were happy and didn't mind the 90 minute tour we had to go to in order to win these free tickets. The next day Sunday we left at the hotel at 2:45 and were picked up by their shuttle. They took us to their Grandview Resort location which is approximately 20 minutes away. A number of couples were waiting in the room and we were picked up by one of their sales person. She escorted us to this room where we had to listen to an hour plus presentation. They tried to present us the materials of how timeshare could save us money overtime due to inflation. An example he uses was gasoline how it's gotten up to 3-4 dollars now. They did all the calculation to try to lure you into signing up with their timeshare. Btw, the first thing the presenter told us was this is not a pressure sale gimmick. Ha! He lied through his teeth.After he got done with his presentation I thought they'd given us the voucher and we can leave. Nothing was further from the truth. The sales person took us upstairs and showed us how Vegas strip has grown in such a short amount of time. How being a timeshare at Grandview can be very beneficial. She told us her life's story. Then she took us to this big room where she presented us with the pricing for the timeshare. At first she said it's going to be 27K for one week and we told her this is something we need to think about first. She kept pressing us telling us we need to decide NOW. We refused and she ran off to grab her supervisor. The guy pressured us and he went down to 17K with two extra weeks. We thought this was a nice deal. We needed to put a down payment of 2300 and as soon as I pulled my credit card out the supervisor grabbed it and processed right away. Passed 7pm and we're still stuck here. It seems like they wouldn't let you go if you don't give in. They dropped us off in a limo after we purchased the timeshare. After we got back we went to the show and we went online to do more research. I didn't have a good feeling about this at all. After thorough research we looked through our paperwork to cancel the timeshare right away. The next day I sent out their Notice of Cancellation form certified mail. In Nevada you only have 5 days to rescind to get out of it clean.OMG this was a huge lesson learned. The two free tickets are not worth all the headache and pain. Don't get pressured or tricked into buying their timeshare. You will save yourself a lot of time!!
4	My girlfriend and I went to this resort to spend our vacation in Vegas. We chose the Grand View and we felt it was ok. The area was nice, t it was a bit close but away from the madness of the strip. We liked that when we got there it was a fast check-in and the staff was friendly. Once we got to the room we were surprised as to how nice it looked. Defiantly one of the better resorts we have spend our vacation in. We liked that the comps to the casino next door. I did wish I could I could have tried the crown royal bar but defiantly a must do the next time. The pools were all heated which made a late night dip quite nice. It would be a perfect resort but all the great amenities did not come without flaws. It seems that our washer was not working properly which made washing a bit of a challenge but we still made it work. Also we had some issues with staying connected to their WiFi network. I believe that it might had been an overcapacity of the network but it kept on kicking me off so I just had to use my mobile hotspot on my phone. aside from that we had a great time and would return.
4	We exchanged our timeshare to stay here during our trip to Las Vegas. It's not on the strip, but I personally liked it better that way. South Point is conveniently across the street, so we enjoyed bowling and movies without having to drive. The suites are really nice. I was in love with the jacuzzi bath and used it after the gym (which is hidden by one of the pools). It's great for a weeklong stay thanks to the in unit kitchen and washer/dryer. We went to a nearby grocery store on our first night and stocked up on breakfast items so that we could save eating out for mostly dinner.We packed light, rewashing our outfits so that our luggage would fit souvenirs, etc.The only issue I had staying here was the internet. We were required to pay a $25 fee for various hotel ammenities, which I had to issues with. However, the internet wasn't consistent throughout our condo unit, and we'd frequently get booted off. I often switched to my phone's data plan because it was just easier.
4	This place is so great , is like been in a real home , kitchen , every detail inside room is incredible , from all kitchen utensils to the great  beds , even sofa beds for extra people , only thing is the free wi-fi really bad , u get connected and in two minutes later disconnected , we call to see if they can fix it and say will send someone , that person didn't arrive until we were actually checking out ... But for all gammong and eating u have to go across to the 4 points casino hotel ... In 4 points cafe they have the cheapest breakfast for less than $4  that's between 12 am and 6 am ... We pay $137 per night and was on to stay for New Year's Eve and New Year's Day ....I could have give this place a 5 start if it wasn't for the Internet fail , but pools area is nice and bbq area great ...
1	Timeshare presentation:We got convinced to go to a "two hour presentation" to get a huge discount on show tickets. Jason (the guy that got us to sign up) said sometimes it is finished even sooner. These people were crawling all over all hotel (the Luxor) trying to get people to go. We finally agreed. When we got there we watched a power point about how important vacationing is and Cooper (the presenter) told a story about how his grandfather died. They use death as a sales technique! It was insane. Then we went with our personal sales agent (Nicoleta), who couldn't speak English well and asked way too many personal questions about our life and finances. We made it clear we were not interested and until the last minute they kept pushing. 5 long hours later we got our vouchers to the show but it was NOT WORTH IT. No matter how great the discount seems don't do it!!! Huge waste of your vacation time. Terrible!!!!!!
1	My husband and I visited in November and were accosted in the lobby of Luxor. We paid $50 for a 2 hour presentation of an MGM resort that "would like our feedback" For $150 gambling credit.  We were tired (and stupid). The following day we spent 5 hours trying to get back to our hotel to try to salvage our vacation. Interesting sales technique. Hold out until the end and the price drops from $27k to $4k.
3	Timeshare presentation review:On our trip to Las Vegas this Christmas holidays, we were approached by an agent at Excalibur hotel offering us discounted tickets to shows. We already had purchased our tickets so we declined the offer. But then she offered a $150 worth gaming, dining or spa coupon which we'd get if we spared 2 hours of our time(excluding travel time) to go and visit their time share presentation at any of the locations of Grandview Resorts. These were the terms and conditions she mentioned initially.1. We should be a married couple above 25 years of age2. We've to reach excalibur the next day at 9.00 am and wait near Rotunda.3. They'd take us from there at 9.00, upon reaching there they'd provide you breakfast. The time we had to commit to was 2 hrs, the first hour they'd feed you with very nice breakfast. The second hour they'd take you to see the rooms. And you are done. 5. On your way out you'd be given 6 $25 coupons which could be used in MGM, luxor or excalibur spas, dining or gaming areas. 6. We had to pay a deposit of $50, which she said, would be refunded along with the gaming/dining coupons the next day.We agreed coz $150 gaming coupons for 2 hrs of our time sounded good. She printed a receipt and made us initial all the terms, but she did it all in a single breath so we assumed what she read out was exactly what was written on the receipt. We regret we didn't read it thoroughly before we signed.This is what happened actually.1. We reached at Excalibur by 8.55 am. We were asked to fill out a form in 10 mins or so, we were on the bus to the location.2. On reaching there, there was a lady at the door. She DID NOT collect the form from us, we were asked to wait at the lobby. There were around 10+ couples along with us, one by one, all were greeted by a different agent and we kept waiting. After all the couples who came with us were called, a new batch came over and that's when a lady approached us and apologized for not asking for our form initially! Yes all these time we waited coz they forgot to take the form from us. 3. So finally our agent came up and called our names, took us aside and asked us a few questions and then took us to the presentation room. Outside the room was the "very nice breakfast" kept to "feed us" as the executive promised. Well, there was coffee, tea, cake, sandwich, croissant etc. The way the executive at excalibur sounded was like we'd be served a course food. hahaha. Anyways, couldn't complain at that point coz its a freebie for 2 hours of our time, we thought.4. The presentation went for an hour or so, I should say the lady was real good with her presentation. Though she missed mentioning the hidden costs of the time-share plan, I'd really appreciate her presentation skills, in the right sense. No sarcasm intended :). I'd rate 4.5 out of 5 for that.5. Then our agent took us for a little chat, showed us around, walked us through some more calculations, showed us the large group of people who were there to renew or upgrade their time share. He also showed us the demo-room (or should I say apartment?) Well, the rooms looked good, with almost all amenities. Gas, utensils, washer, drier, dish washer, drawing room, bed room, Jacuzzi etc. It was aesthetically pleasing I should say. Oh, yes our agent was a nice man, I'd give him a 5 rating on a scale of 5. He explained everything and he was great at his job.6. Now we were back to discuss the sale. We were told the price would be $27000 for one week stay every year. We were not really interested to buy, despite the gaps in the offer like the maintenance fee, the availability of the time share to swap at the locations we'd want to go etc, coz of personal reasons. The agent brought his manager, he offered two more discounts and the final price was $10000 with 2 weeks every alternate year and one week the other year. I should say that was a tempting offer. But on one condition, this offer stands valid only during our first time share presentation with them. It was around 12.00pm by then, an hour late than what was promised.7. We were taken to the exit department, met with a different guy, he cross checked our reasons for not buying, sent us to a different room where we had to wait for another 10-15 mins. We were called to another room again, and a lady processed our gift coupons. But that's when we realized, the $50 refund that we were promised by the executive at excalibur wasn't really refundable. It was partly our mistake, we took her word for granted and didn't read the receipt before we signed it. So we lost the $50 we paid. We were dropped off at excalibur around 12.30. If not for the hidden or unexplained charges and terms, being lied to about the $50 refund, I'd  have given a 4 out of 5. Rooms and facilities looked good. After all, we opted for spending 2 hours of our time for $150 freebies & breakfast, Though we ended up spending $50 from pocket and spending 3.5 hours.
