4	After a grotesquely long day of manual labor and dealing with people who wouldn't be able to decide whether they would rather be burned alive, buried alive, or go on a date with Angelina Jolie, my stomach is nagging at me as my mother used to while I was in high school.Luckily I have received a request to find some place to eat for five of us, me and four other "men" (I thought women got all the blame for indecisiveness?). Something inexpensive. Something within one mile of the house. Something that will please all of us. In other words, something that possibly might not exist.The five of us slumped into a small space that claimed itself as the authentic New Jersey pizza joint. Proof? There's two: a vanity NJ license plate that says "SOPRANOS" and a full-sized Sopranos poster to entertain you on your way to the bathroom.We ordered the first pizza listed on the menu, the "bada-bing", and requested it Sicilian style. But one pizza is not enough for the five of us. A "not-from-New-Jersey chicken ranch", 16 inches please. Apparently no one at the table except me has ever eaten pizza containing ranch dressing before. To eat one of those, you must 1) like ranch and 2) like LOTS of it. It came to the table just oozing of the heavenly rich smell of ranch. Unfortunately the ranch was not evenly spread out, so it took a couple of slices for me to get to the gooey goodness. Great New York style thin and foldable slices, soft and chewy dough, and lots and lots of good ol' grease. Top that with a pitcher of beer and... Wait a minute, this isn't Vegas, this is a college town! Yes! They've got greasy pizza, lots of it, with lots of beer, and cheap price deals for them. A place that has pride in their pizza, rightfully so, believes that it is more entertaining for guests to listen to the radio while watching television at the same time, and the Sopranos is just the icing on the cake.The Sicilian had a very crispy finish, which is not to my taste but people ate plenty of it nonetheless. It was piled high with the "bada-bing" toppings, but my joy was in the ranch pizza. It is close by, it is not pretty, it has lots of greasy food. I ate till I felt sick. Definitely not tourist-friendly. And it has all my love. If it was open later than 11pm, it would be perfect.
4	This pizza place has become one of my favorites with the Sicilian jersey ranch pizza making my top choice with a side of their garlic knots. They deliver, they feed you there, they make great food and Im having it for dinner :)
1	Just tried this place on a whim tonight, and ordered a 14 inch basic cheese pizza.  I have to say, was not impressed at all.  It was a very thin crust, which had no flavor, and was just overall very very blah.  And for the $14 and some price tag, I was expecting something with a bit more taste to it.  Won't be going back here.
3	The fried mozzarella is delicioius!  Also, my family has tried a couple of their dinners (ie chicken parmesan, spaghetti and meatballs)  and have really enjoyed them.  Can't say their pizza has gotten any better, but felt I must up my review since we've had a couple more enjoyable visits since my first experience with Mama Depalma's!
5	Excellent....nuff said
3	I always enjoy their pizza the next day... I'm telling you after this pizza sits for a day it's yummy....Not that it's gross fresh from the oven , I mean it's o.k. but later it's better. This place is right down the street from my house and was the only pizza place that close for a few years. Until Cici's pizza opened up across the street. I immediately thought "Uh Oh there goes Mama Depalma's" But they have survived and held their own... Cici's is sooo CHEAP but there is no pizza comparison here... Cici's is yucky , the kids love it but kids will love any pizza right? Bottom Line is I'd rather spend my hard earned money on Mama Depalma's even though I would spend less at Cici's. I had one bad service experience there which I have gotten over....Have you ever had pizza with a splash of balsamic vinegar? I'm pretty sure many of you said No, Gross...well don't knock it until you try it. They did it for me here and it was sooo yummy!!!!
4	We have been going to this mom and pops for over 4 years now.  Granted it's few and far between, we are never disappointed when we go  here.  My partner was craving Italian for dinner so we went to this little restaurant.  We were greeted by the server and PROMPTLY told us there was a $10 minimum since they have the fight on.  I am not sure if this was per person or what, but I was a little put off by this.  We didn't go there for the fight.  We just wanted food.  And a $10 minimum?  They don't have anything less than $10 bucks after you factor in a drink!Now that my ranting is over, let's get to the nitty gritty.  The food there never disappoints!  I love their pasta dishes and the hubby loves their garlic knots.  Their pasta dinners cone with a side salad and the garlic knots.  The honey mustard dressing they have is off the wall.  It has a peppery taste that you don't get anywhere else.  I had the Eggplant Parmesan and he had the Baked Ziti.  You have to come here with a big appetite since they serve you an overflowing plate.  We consumed half of it and took the rest home.  We have had their pizza before and it is delicious.  This is a must have for Italian food lovers out there in the south side of town.
3	Spot on reviews from Yelp. Craving some pizza and decided to try something different from the usual Grimaldi's, it was good. the ingredients were tatsy, the pies were priced right, and cook right. What was it missing, the crust was good but not greats, it was thin but dense, NY crusts should be thin chewy with a little rise to them though or chewy crispy not too dry. This was neither but still good, also the garlic in white pizza was not even, bite into pockets of no flavor and then explosions of garlics on other spots. Forogt about the service, OK pretty hard for me to give a bad review on service when I am only picking it up but you got one. Girl at the front was taking an order on the phone and helping someone at the register at the same time, she was spit off stuff and the people inside didnt know if she was talking to them or the person on the phone. The people inside said they were "impressed" what they should of said was annoyed, dont encourage bad bahaviors. I would of been more impressed is she just said " give me a moment to finish up..." People at the store should have priorty over the phone.
5	Excellent pizza! I was in there two weeks ago and the owner recommended the Philly in a wrap version. I have never heard of it in a wrap version so I ordered it and I now know what I'll order every time I go it there.
5	One of my favorite pizza joints in town. I love this pizza so much, I get it any chance I get. Usually a Pepperoni, Mushroom or Plain.
3	Honestly, the pizza was average. My kids liked it, but it was missing flavor. I wouldn't come out of my way to come here. Many other pizza places that are better. Still trying to find something better than metro pizza. Not worth the drive....
2	Very mediocre pizza, the dough on both the pizzas was incredibly soggy and seemed nearly underdone. Even the crust didn't look "done" and it certainly didn't taste it.The toppings were good, a solid amount and good variety. For the price I can't imagine going back.Much better pizza options between Maryland  and Eastern. I think Mama D's across the street is significantly better (and what is up with the names of the two?)
4	After having them deliver on Football Sunday I came in for lunch and was greatly surprised. Friendly wait staff greeted me promptly, and helped me make a delicious choice. I had a  wrap and salad! Both were awesome! Good job ......No disappointments so far keep up the good work!
5	For the past 6 or 7 years Mama Depalma's was one of the only pizza shops I would eat at. For me, pizza goes into the same category as hamburgers. Rarely do I get a craving, but when I do want a slice or five I go to Mama.  I had found a coupon in the recent entertainment book that makes this already great pie an irresistible value. The Back East White Pizza is perfection that will lead a lactose intolerance astray. Slight stomach discomfort is a small price to pay for ricotta, mozzarella, and garlic. So simple, but my groups go to for years. The Health Nut Veggie should not be overlooked either. It is loaded with morsels of fresh and fried delights that sets it apart from other joints. If the artichokes, olives, peppers and onions are not enough. They put slivers of fried eggplant on it. A pizza that essential has Eggplant Parmesan on it. The crust holds it's form, allowing the diner to do the one hand fold and hold. No over saucing, no limp and under cooked dough.
4	This place has great pizza, my 7 year old loves it more than Cici's. My only complaint is the customer service. My son wanted to eat there after school so we went & were the only patrons in there on monday jan 30th at 4 pm. While we are eating the latino cook sits at the table behind me & proceeds to talk to the guy working the front counter. Every other word out of his mouth was the F BOMB!!! I turned around after hearing about the tenth F BOMB and sternly asked him to stop swearing & that I was under the impression this was a family restaurant & not a sports bar!! I couldn't believe that not even the front counter guy deemed this inappropriate!! I asked him if he failed to see the child dining with me!!
5	After 7 years in Vegas this was the best place to have pizza delivered or dine in. I have had other friend's favs and don't stand up to Mama's.  Their pizza, calzones, hit wings, and sandwiches are some of the best I've had.  Love their ranch and cheese wedges.  I moved just reciently and I miss it badly. Very friendly staff also.
4	Whether its dine in or delivery this place has never disappointed.  Pizza and calzones are awesome and have decent salads
5	Great Jersey styled pizza place with great pizza and italian food.  Reminds me of all the great pizza places that I could find on every corner back in NJ but took for granted.  Great friendly atmosphere and service was great, our server was Ashli and she was fantastic.  Loved the Yankee decor and will tap my personal collection and offer to donate.  My wife and I will be regulars.Started this review a year ago and forgot to post.
3	I guess I'm a fan of a bubbly and crunchy crust. The crust here reminded me of a manufactured Pizza Hut crust. My husband had been here before and knew from his past experience to order extra sauce. We had an Entertainment coupon so we ordered two large pizzas: one with olives and mushrooms and a pepperoni pizza, both with extra sauce. It was just ok. I'll probably be back to try their pastas or even the eggplant parmesan sub, but I won't go out of my way for the pizza.
5	Solid pizza.  Great little mom and pop shop with a couple great specials.  Loved it all!
4	Picked up a pepperoni pizza and Greek salad to go. We were not disappointed.
4	This place is right down the street from my house and I always forget about it! Have been here twice in the last 2 months and the pizza has been awesome! I will agree with Alex comment about the crust but that is not a deal breaker for me since I do not eat the crust. In a nutshell, the sauce has a great flavor to it with a hint of sweetness that is not over bearing but very tasty with fresh toppings and very chewy - true east style pizza!I also ordered the wings with the hot sauce and were very good, the hot were not really hot for me but had a small kick to it. I will admit that I like the wings from Wing Stop better but these are in the top 5 for me! We have also ordered the Garlic Knots which are really good. The price does seem high for the pizza but you have to spend a little more to get a good pizza!They also have good lunch specials too!I strongly suggest this place to get some good food!
5	Always love their food! Fast, courteous & consistent! YUM!!
5	This place is so good that we make special trips here even though we moved 30 miles away. Try the white pizza, greek salad and the yummy calzones.
5	This is the pizza place we have been looking for! Great service! Great food! They have a full menu of options. Small dining area makes me feel like im back in my hometown:)
5	Everything I have tried here I love! Only problem is with them having great food is that they are often busy, but its worth it
4	My search for the perfect pizza in Las Vegas may not be over yet, but did really enjoy their pizza. We got the vegetarian and a meat combo that both tasted really good, with nice stringy cheese, just the way I like it. Of note was the crust which had a nice taste and texture, and both pizzas had a good dose of garlic flavor, as Italian should be. Also good was the waitress. Very personable and added to the experience. You likely can't go wrong by checking them out.
1	My husband and I tried Mama Depalma's since we didn't want to cook and wanted to try something new. Well, we are certain that we won't be getting food from there again. The food was greasy and had no flavor. We spent way too much on lackluster food and we are now trying to figure out how to get the bad taste out of our mouths. If you like food with no favor for a high price, have at it.
4	Just ate here for the 1st time.  They had some lunch specials that I was interested in so I ordered one which came with 1 slice of cheese pizza, 6 wings, and a drink.  The costs was $6.00 so not bad pricing at all.  The pizza we pretty good, nothing great but it was a good size.  I ordered the wings as hot as possible and the clerk guy asked if I was sure which would lead one to think they would be VERY HOT; however I ate them all and didn't think they were that hot.  Ive had much hotter other places.  At any rate the wings were very tasty!!!  My compaint if anything would be the wait, but when you order wings you have to expect about a 15 minute wait.  At least they brought out the pizza to eat while we waited for the wings.  Overall I enjoyed the experience.  I grabbed a menu to go so we could come back and try some other items on the menu.
4	I avoided this place for the longest time and I really shouldn't have.  It's really delightful.  I think the reason I never gave it a try is that it never seemed to get many customers (especially in comparison to Teriyaki Madness next door).For $6 I believe you can get 6 wings, a slice of pizza, and a soda.  That's a pretty good deal my friends!On my particular trip I got broccoli and cheese soup served in a sourdough bowl.  The soup is $4.50 I believe and the extra charge for the sourdough bowl was $2.50.  Soup was good; it was thick without being too thick.  The sourdough was good, not as good as BJ's, but still quite excellent.  Decent sized serving.  The soup with the bowl was plenty of food to fill my belly.I didn't try the pizza, but it looked kind of gross.  The sort of pizza you get in the elementary school cafeteria.  Greasy thin crust and whatnot.  The wings looked good, and my friend I dined with says he enjoyed them.I had a taste of my friend's fries.  Yum.  A bit crispy on the outside, but still thick enough to taste the the potato on the inside.  Perfect.  Usually, crispiness comes at the price of not tasting potato, but this place was able to pull it off.Service was really good.  Anytime my soda began to get low it was promptly filled back up.
4	The too-crackery crust of the pizzas from Mama Depalma's is the only thing that keeps it from being five stars.These guys are legit though. Straight out of Jersey. Want proof? Order the diner fries. A big metal tin full of thick-cut fries (not steak fries mind you) smothered in brown gravy and cheese. It's not exactly poutine but the concept is the same. Back in the Newj we'd call these "disco fries" because they're the perfect food to eat when it's 2:30 in the morning and you've got a stomach full of Belmar booze.The pizzas are good but the crust isn't as chewy as I'd prefer. The toppings, however, are top notch and there is one pizza here that is really standout. It's the Pop's Pesto pie, topped with grilled chicken, artichokes, pesto, garlic and tomatoes. (ProTip: skip the tomatoes for a sturdier pie.).The stromboli is another good choice, packed with Italian cold cuts and cheese but somehow not as deafeningly salty as these things can be.Not the best pizza in the valley but a solid choice - especially if you prefer the cracklier style of crust.
4	Since I moved to Henderson I have been desperately looking for a quality pizzeria that delivers and I think I finally found it! I have sampled several different pizzerias over the last year and Mama Depalma's is the best.  Pizza was classic NY style, good thin crust, good tasting sauce, quality cheese, baked perfectly and delivered within an hour.  I can't wait until my next order.
5	Can't beat this for great Italian food! I have my work hooked on the pizza and now that's all they want at the airport now. And if you love garlic, this is a winner. Bada Bing!
4	Several orders later and still fantastic!The only criticism I have is that the delivery guys don't offer to give change. They just take whatever you hand them and then bolt. I would likely tell them to keep the change anyway but I would prefer it if they at least offered to make change.
4	There are so many things on the menu that I would like to try. I can only speak to the pizzas. I have yet to have a pie from this place that has not been spectacular. Big or small, plain or covered with lots of toppings, each pie is great. Avoid the commercial delivery joints and give Mama a call. Yes they have delivery.
3	Nice place and friendly service, but the pizza was subpar. We ordered a large pepperoni and large cheese and my girls 7  yr old only had one slice, and all kids LOVE pizza so that says a lot. The pizza wasn't bad just nothing special. Sauce and cheese was average, the pepperoni was fresh tho. I probably won't be back since I know of wayyyyyy better pizza places, with better prices.
4	This place loves its garlic!  You wont have to worry about vampires with the Garlic knots or garlic chicken fingers/wings !  Great salads!  Pizza (NY Style) is ok, I personally prefer "Chicago style",
1	Awful. We got food from here today and it is so bad the my taste buds are waging a war. Being an Italian from NJ, I'm actually offended that this pizza box says "authentic Italian specialties from back east". The crust on the Sicilian pizza is completely bland and tasteless. The garlic usage on all of this food is enough to kill Dracula's entire bloodline. The only thing remotely tasty was the buffalo sandwich on focaccia. The focaccia was well seasoned and had a nice texture. The only way I would go back here is if vampires had taken over the earth and I needed the garlic. Seriously, go to Rocco's if you want legit italian food.
2	I have ordered from this place for years and it was very good. Due to late work nights, I've ordered from here several times in the last month.... also I LOVE PIZZA. Once the pizza was soggy and uncooked in the middle.  They also did not bring the parm cheese and crushed peppers I asked for. I called,  they brought me a new pizza and took the old one. It was a mediocre pizza and kind of bland. I thought that maybe they were busy or had a new cook.The next time I asked them for crushed peppers and parm cheese packets ( I alway ask for this)I stressed how it was important it was. They said they would put it on the ticket.  Pizza showed up with no peppers and cheese packets and I saw on my receipt it was on there.  So they said they would be back in a few minutes with it. We waited an hour and they never showed. Pizza was cold and soggy by this time. OMG, don't say I will be right back and never show up! I gave them another try a week later. (I love pizza) Same thing!  No crushed peppers and cheese packets!  This time they came back in 10 minutes with it. It was on the ticket! So why not have extra in the car? At least this time the delivery guy came back. The pizza was a bit bland but ok.  Ok, tonight I ordered a gourmet pizza. I figured I might have better luck with their house specialities. This pizza is supposed to have FRESH basil and fresh mozzarella according to the description on the menu.   The pizza was 90% tomato sauce that tasted like cheap canned spaghetti sauce and katsup.  The cheese was so minimal. It was a pizza crust with tons of tomato sauce on cracker and a few little chunks of cheese. The fresh basil as they stated in the gourmet pizza description was not fresh at all. They sprinkled a little dried basil or maybe parsley on the pizza. I don't know because there was no basil flavor let alone "fresh basil".  When I see FRESH basil on the menu, I sort of expect it. Epic fail on the so called gourmet pizza. Keep your katsup cracker! The pizza is just not good anymore.  In general,  it's bland and there is little care in preparation. There is little care and a lot of mistakes on the delivery side as well. I have given this place a lot of chances because their service and food was good for years. No it was really good. I feel terrible about posting this but I gave this place so many chances to make it up. I didn't post after a single bad experience but after several consecutive experiences that left a bad taste in my mouth. I sincerely hope that they get it together and start making "authentic Italian" again.
5	The large cheese pizza and zeppoli's were great. The service from Stacy was spectacular!
3	I ordered from Mama DePalma's on the recommendation of a friend, as I'm new to Henderson and wasn't sure where to go. The staff member who answered the phone was very helpful and the gentleman who delivered it was kind.       My only disappointment is that my pizza was lukewarm upon arrival. It was disappointing because the wait had been quite long and we were all hungry when it came.        Judging from the wonderful reviews here on yelp, I'd be more than open to going into the restaurant and trying it out, but I don't plan on paying for cold delivery from this particular establishment again.
4	This is for sure one of my favorite pizza joints in Vegas. The ONLY place where a cheese pizza is amazing and i NEVER eat just cheese. I also love the fried zucchini and the anti pasta salad which is loaded with good stuff! The only reason they didn't receive 5 stars is due to delivery times and messing up my delivery order.
5	I'm a single mom to a 9 year old son. He turned me on to this place, his dad brings him here. Excellent pizza!! I always order it via phone for delivery. Is it me or are your delivery guys getting younger & hotter every week?!! Good God!! I get pizza AND eye candy sent to my front doorstep! Giggity!!
4	This place is really good and they deliver really quick! We have not had a bad meal here yet! Nice People too!!!
5	The five stars is for the pizza. Definitely not for the health-conscious at all...meaning..it is perfect. Big, fat, floppy, grease-dripping slices. I don't think I have needed chapstick since having eaten it 2 days ago.
4	We had the food delivered, it came fast and hot. Everything was delicious. I would recommend this place and we will eat here again.
4	I've only ever ordered here via delivery. The first time was lunch at work and a co-worker and I split two different wraps. The Spinach Wrap was okay, though I would have liked it better without craisons, and the Veggie Wrap was delicious. The side salad that came with our wraps were good.The second time I ordered from here was a few days ago. This time I was craving pizza, so I ordered a Sonny's pizza (Spinach, Garlic, Sun Dried Tomato, Artichokes, Grilled Chicken, Mozzarella and Feta Cheese with a Balsamic Vinegar Demi-Glaze) and one cannoli for dessert. Sonny's wasn't bad, I liked it, but it was a little too sweet and the balsamic vingear looked like it drenched the pizza. The cannoli was good and I probably will order another pizza to try.
3	Well finally tried this place even though I have been one block away for the past 4 months!!Did the take out thing as we really just wanted to chill at home. They said to give them 30 min, I gave the 40. Showed up and the place was pretty full which was a good sign, problem was only one guy working the front. 30 min later I finally got my pizza. Will give them the benefit of the doubt and chalk it up to maybe someone calling in sick! We shall see next time. All in all not bad pizza, albeit it took a long time to get. Not great, but good for in a pinch! Chopped salad however was the bomb!!
5	I've eaten here many times and have yet to be disappointed. Burgers are good, wraps are good, obviously the Italian entrees are delish!
1	Don't bother placing a to-go order.   They won't start making it until you get there, regardless of what they tell you.   Never again!
4	We had a large Caesar Salad (feeds 3 ppl) with a side of anchovies (chop it up 1st before adding to salad), garlic knotts, & the BIGGEST Sicilan Cheese pizza.  Everything was deeeeeelicious!! :)) To top it off our server was pretty awesome! :)
1	Gross... I ordered a Stromboli to go and it was crap! It's wasn't cooked all the way, the pepperoni was all in a huge hunk in the middle of it, and the bottom of it was all soggy. Never again!
4	I'm from the east coast, so I prefer a thinner crust. It's all about the crust! This place has very good pizza, and for the price, you can't beat it. For the price of a large pizza at Grimaldi's, you could get two pizzas here instead! We get a large pizza to go probably once a week. While I think Grimaldi's crust is a little better in quality and taste, Mama DePalma's has become my go-to pizza spot for its overall combination of quality, price, and convenience.
3	Big fan of the chicken parm here but the best thing about this Italian restaurant is the pizza! Great sauce and not to much of it, probably the best thin crust I've had on the west coast and the prices are reasonable.
4	Good neighborhood spot. Pizza and food is good. Price is very reasonable and staff is friendly. There is better pizza in the area but for the price it is really good and my kids gobble it up. not a bad little neighbourthood pizza joint.
4	This place has great pasta dishes. My favorites are the chicken parmesan, lasagna,  chicken and shrimp Alfredo.  The pizza is mediocre though.  The service is so so..
4	My first time ordering delivery from them and I was impressed. I really loved their chicken fingers it wasn't greasy or over breaded. My salad was really good too. The only reason it wasn't five star because the spaghetti and garlic knots was kinda blah which I read alot about the garlic knots so maybe I had higher expectations but everything else was good and the prices are great. Also the delivery was quick. We will defiantly order from here again. Overall really pleased :)
5	Very very good! I felt like I was back on Long  Island,NY. Well done MAMA! The crust was perfect, the cheese was right on and the sausage was real! No crap sausage crumbles in this place. Delivery was very prompt and courteous.i personally recommend this pizzeria!
3	One time we got a 2 foot pizza and it was incredible.  I have only had the pizza here but I can say it's a definite step up from Papa Johns.  They also have lunch specials for 2 pizza slices that are worth a try.
1	Don't bother ordering a sandwich from here, you are better off going next door to Subway!!! I ordered an Italian Combo sandwich (I think it was $8.99) and what I got was a thick bun, ONE thin layer of meat, ONE thin slice of cheese, two little lettuce leaves, and three small slices of tomatoes. NO dressing---it was plain!!! They put nothing on it....not even mayo or mustard??? Really???!!! I bit into the sandwich and basically was eating bread...no flavor, couldn't even tell there was even meat or cheese in there. I might as well have had a veggie sandwich. What a disappointment. Will go to Subway next time I crave an Italian sandwich....it's cheaper too! Very disappointing! On a lighter note, the fries were ok...had to add some salt.
5	Awesome food. If you're not on a diet I would recommend the fat andy sub. Half meatball sub half parmesan chicken sub with a side of fries or can change the side to garlic parmesan fries. So good. Just melts. And its smothered with their marinara sauce and a lot of melted parmesan. Can't really beat that. Before I started a somewhat clean diet I could've easily taken 2 of these down.
1	Service and employees are horrible! I work in the same parking lot and cannot lock up my store to come get my food. They used to have no problem running and delivering it to me considering we share a parking lot and I deal with the delivery charge and I ALWAYS tip. I've never heard a thank for from the delivery person but I still continued to order because it's so good! It takes me back my my Nana's cooking. They just told me their owners no longer allow them to deliver to me. I was taken back because they pass my store as they leave to deliver food to a house.. They had an extreme attitude about it and I told them Nevermind I will eat somewhere else and the person on the phone actually said "fine" ... I mean you just lost a loyal customer because of the "owners cracking down"
5	Love this place. Takeout special cheese pizza is a great deal and they have the best ranch dressing.
1	After deciding to try this place out, I must say that I am extremely disappointed for the quality of food after spending $35.  I could have gotten much better quality from Pizza Hut for much less.  I ordered a large health nut with only 1/2 olives and the other half pepperoni.  When I opened the box the entire pizza had olives and only 2 1/2 slices with pepperoni.  As soon as picking up a piece everything just fell off of the slice and into the box because the dough was like a piece of paper. There was barely any cheese and the sauce had no flavor whatsoever.  In addition, I ordered the DePalmas appetizer platter and received over fried, almost burnt, grease saturated batter that was supposed to have mushrooms in there.  The zucchini sticks were cold and mushy.  The wings were the smallest things I've ever seen which was sad because that was the best thing in the box and never got any sauce.  I love pizza more than anything and it takes a lot for me not to eat much of it immediately and eat the rest for the next 2 days.  Unfortunately, I was only able to eat 1 piece of pizza and 1 of everything else because it was just so bad.  I can't say I will ever be trying them again.
5	I've been going here for years. Pizza has always been good, but owners must have made some changes. Food has gotten better over the last few months. Its nice to see someone cares. Wings were cooked perfectly and they have a new sauce called island style, thats my new favorite especially with blue cheese dressing.
5	Great New York style hand tossed pizza, wings and Italian dishes.Worth the trip from the strip.
4	Ordered take out from here and it was delicious! I ordered angel hair pasta with meat sauce, my husband got spaghetti and meat balls and Angelique's chopped salad. Their marinara sauce is so thick and flavorful. Each entree also came with a side salad and garlic knots. So much food for so cheap! It all came out around $32 (including delivery and tip). The garlic knots had good flavor but after an hour they were hard as a rock, ended up having to throw them out. Other than that the portions are huge! For myself, one entree can be spread out to 3 meals. I don't think I would order the chopped salad again because it had too many peperoncinis in it, but it was definitely fresh and their homemade Italian dressing was yummy. Oh and the best part is how quickly they delivered my food! They said 45 mins to an hour and they came in 30 mins. I am definitely going to order from here again.
5	Second time ordering from this place. Best pizza in Vegas that I've found so far! Reminds me of back in New York. Should definitely try the chicken parm pizza
5	Great lunch specials under $8. I usually eat dinner here but was in the area for lunch. I love there pizza and wings. I'm probably here 3 to 4 times a week. My go to place when I'm undecided what I want to eat.
3	I came in today for the first time in a long time. I came with my cousin. We sat down and it took about 10 min until someone started taking our order for just our drink. Me and my cousin already knew what we wanted but it took them a while to come back for our water and to take our order. I ordered 12 wings with fries and my cousin ordered 3 chicken tenders and 6 wings with fries. After we ordered, the waiting game began. I could've waited at the apple store and bought an iphone 6 before I got my food. Okay obviously I over exaggerated but we waited for over 45 minutes for our wings. Not only that but when we got our food, some of the wings were cold. I've been here before but the service was different. It was worse. The amount of time we waited was not worth the food. I was so tempted to walk out and go eat somewhere else. But anyways, from what I've experienced before, the pizza is phenomenal. I've been coming here since middle school and I graduated from high school 2 years ago. This was my favorite pizza place in middle school and high school. I just did not enjoy the wings and the service today. Don't get me wrong, the workers are incredibly nice but it was just today where I got terrible service.
1	As far as their delivery goes, I am done giving this place our time and money. Tonight we ordered pizza  at about 8 pm that came reasonably within the half hour, a medium pizza with sausage and a side of artichokes. It shows up, the driver doesn't have enough cash to make change, so we end up stuck over-tipping him. We realize we don't have the artichokes, and call back almost immediately. The delivery guy probably hadn't even made it down the street. They promise our artichokes delivered right away, and we sit back to wait. We only live two lights down from the place anyway, how long could it be?It's 9:45. We just got our artichokes 5 minutes ago, after finally calling the store to get a hold of the manager at 9:30. This review isn't so much about the artichokes as it is about the terrible management. We called to complain not only because we never received the food we paid for, but because the half of the pizza intended to be eaten with the artichokes had gone cold in the time spent waiting for the rest of our meal to show up. There was a manager in the store when we called, but he/she refused to speak with us. Instead, we had to wait on hold several times while an employee ran back and forth to deliver messages. Eventually, we find out our delivery driver decided to go home after delivering his stock instead of checking back in at the restaurant - so the message was never delivered about our artichokes. Of course, they didn't bother to find another driver in a reasonable amount of time. What were we offered? 10% off our next pizza. No, we would not like another delayed meal that's bumped up an extra 10% anyway because of the driver wanting a better tip. (This was not the first time we've had a driver from this place magically not make change for his gain). Not only a shoddy excuse for an apology in the form of a crap discount, but delivered 3rd-party from a manager too cowardly/self-important to come to the phone and speak to a spurned customer. Awesome service, Mama Depalma's. I'd inevitably survive without the artichokes, but I will not tolerate a rude, cowardly manager.
5	I ate here with a meet-up group so we tried several different pizzas. I had ones that I normally would never try, they all were great but the Meathead was the bomb. Since this meet-up I have had pizza from other places but none have made the impression this one had. I am glad that they opened another location in Henderson on Stephanie next to Hobby Lobby. Think I will go there today.
4	Awesome staff!  Chef FILO and Marco are magnificent. Truly home style...  Fresh and great quality. Have never eaten in the restaurant, all our experiences are home delivery, hence the reason for solid 4 star rating. The chicken francese is my favorite and my hubby favors the lasagna and angel hair sausage-peppers-onion dish.  Their salads are fantastic, my grandkids love their super sized chicken fillet tenders!  P.S. They even delivered at the physical rehabilitation hospital my husband was at!!!!
2	:/
5	First time ordering their pizza and it was good. The crust was not too thick or thin. It had just the right amount of sauce, not sloppy. I received a flyer on my door. Being a fellow East Coaster I had to give it a try. Not disappointed at all. I will order my next Italian meal from here. Can't  wait to try other items on the menu. Delivery was fast and curtious.
4	First time calling! was right on time. Kids almost fainted when they seen the giant 24" lol. Had to cut there slice in four haha. Garlic knots are best ive had around here.
4	This is decent pizza place. The food in general is pretty good, it's convenient for pick up or they deliver. I disagree that it's the "best pizza in Vegas," to me it is not. But, it is good. The cannoli is excellent. I'm not sure if they buy them or make them in house, but whatever the case they are absolutely spot on. Decent prices too.  I will add that the service can be spotty at times, but as long as the food is decent and their prices stay in check they will continue to be a dependable pizza spot.
1	Where do I begin....I have an event at work and order catering.  I should takes pictures to go with this review but the food was in the trash already.1st: they stated  that they were  short staff so they got the new trainee taking my  order and it takes  forever.  After I got home I call and change my order, more stuff, which was a mistake.  It literally takes 30 mins.  Next day I call to give them the exact time that I'm  going to pick up my food, they said  that they  were confused  with my order.  After 30 mins to order yesterday they still messed  it up and no one bother to call me to verify  the order, until I call them.  2nd: when I pick up my order no one show any appreciation  for my business, not a thank  you after I paid. When I got my food, they didn't  even  ask if we needed  set up or help to bring out the food.  Nothing  was said by anyone  accept  stared to see who comes  to get their food off on top the deserts fridge. I decided to put the tip back in my purse.  They did not deserve it.  Again no thank you for the business.  The food was heavy and no hand to open the door.  I had to push the door open with my back, almost drop the foods.  I look at 3 worker to see if anyone  can at least hold the door open for me, everyone  look down and ignoring  me.  I managed  to load up all my food.  3rd: the food was horrible.   I was embarrassed to serve it to my staff and had to spend  more noney and order from somewhere  else.  Pizza was the worst I have ever seen and had, frozen pizza looks and taste better at this point. It Looks like days  old pizza.  I order a full tray of lasagna  and it end up in the trash.  It was dry, no sauce, no cheese just  little on top, pasta was dry and tough  and rubbery chewy. I like their pizza in the past  but no more.  This is the last  time  that I order from them.  Cici's pizza foods are lot better across  the street.  My advice  is do not order food to go from here.  They don't  care as long that you are willing to paid.  Bad Bad Bad business management.
4	We really enjoyed our large pepperoni pizza!  The staff was friendly and quick. It only took 15 minutes for the pizza and 6 garlic knots. It's close to home so we'll definitely return when we get another pizza urge!!
2	Let me start by saying I do love the food here but was thoroughly disappointed by my last visit. I was in on the evening of Sat,  Dec 6th. I came in with my nephew and my friend and her son. I was excited to share this great find with them.  There were about 3/4 other tables occupied in the whole place; so not terribly busy. We ordered 3 slices cheese  pizza, garlic knots (thank goodness for these as they were the only thing iwas able to eat for dinner that night), a small bbq chicken pizza,  and a ham and cheese calzone. So everything else,  but my calzone, came out in a timely fashion and the food was great. We waited until about 10 min in to everyone eating until my friend went to check on the calzone and she was told just a few more minutes.  About another 5/10 min went by and then I went to check and they said it's almost ready but the 24"pizzas in the oven (for delivery mind you) add taking all the space (this was very disappointing to me because wouldn't you let your customer know that when they place there order? !.  So I wait, maybe another 5/10 min then I finally go back to the counter to ask for my calzone to be boxed up to go... who wants to eat alone anyway? It was a super frustrating experience and the staff was not apologetic at all.
5	This place is amazing. Don't let the one star reviews fool you Ive had WAY worst. Rosattis staff has been very rude and inconsistent. So I gave this place a shot and the staff is always kind and delivery is quick. The buffalo chicken pizza is the best so delicious.
4	All the food that I have ever ordered here is very good.  The must-try pizza is the Bada Bing.  Also recommended is the garlic knots and the chicken wings.  Most of the items served, including dough, marinara sauce, and garlic seasoning, is homemade.  Much of the food has a very authentic, back-east taste to it.  The service is average; it's not bad.  Mama DePalma's also caters.  This is a great place for good pizza and homemade Italian food.
4	The pizza was YUMMY!!!! But The people working there not so much I don't want to hear U rapping about bitxhes and hoes but that's just me
1	Unfortunately we will not be ordering from here again. We phoned in an order for a large pepperoni at 5:25 to pick up at 6. When we arrived at 6, not only was the pizza not ready, they had not even started making it. We didn't get the pizza until 6:30! MaMa needs to get her business in order.
1	Gotta say worst pizza I've ever had!!  Didn't think there could be bad pizza. Ordered a cheese and a pepperoni some chicken fingers and wings. The fingers and wings were ur typical not fresh and horrible pizza never ordering again
