5	A new place that just opened today...another GREAT addition to all the fun, cool places to eat downtown!! Owned and operated by 2 guys who say they've been in the fine dining world of F&B here in Vegas for awhile...decided to take everything they learned, and open up a unique twist on making sandwiches.Everything is done "monte cristo" style(or not)...dipped in egg batter and fried. Menu items go from $3 up to $9. I really loved the sandwich with foie and crisp chicken skin! My GF thought her spanish sandwich was delicious, with just the right amount of heat! Then we split the nutella and marshmallow sandwich as dessert. Since both the guys were there making and serving food, the service was top notch! They said they plan on one of them being there all the time. Open lunch and dinner, including late night. Both are really interesting to talk to...whether it's about the restaurant business here in Vegas...or the about how the downtown is improving(both of them live in the neighborhood).HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5	Not your typical sandwiches!  it's a goodwich!  I had three goodwiches!  I could not believe that the first one was that good.  By the third, I was not hungry, but was still wanting to put it down because they were Yummy!  Wanna try their entire menu!
5	Great sandwiches all with an awesome spin...this place is the real deal. Homemade corned beef, chorizo made fresh every day. My wife and I really liked both of our sandwiches.
5	I went back for the second time with a friend...he loved it too and the gelato place across the street was great too.
4	Welcome the neighborhood, the Goodwich!  https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Goodwich/1375892382662303This is a fun concept, in a historic location, with unique offerings.  It is run by locals with a pedigree [check out http://dtlv.com/2014/01/29/get-ready-to-meet-and-eat-the-goodwich/] and it is definitely a destination worth checking out.I had the "deconstructed" falafel sandwich.  You heard me right:  falafel SANDWICH, not pita pocket.  With a falafel paddy, not falafel balls, and kale slaw on marbled RYE bread.Definitely not your mother's take on falafel.The cons:  even though the sandwich was made to order, it was cold when it arrived and the kale slaw was runnier than I otherwise would have liked.The pros: Locally owned and managed, quality ingredients, intriguing location full of local history and quintessential Las Vegas neighbors such as Olympic Gardens, Dino, Clay Arts Vegas, and the Arepas restaurants that made its reputation in the same kiosk.  And this restaurant team really cares and live in the downtown Las Vegas neighborhood.Whatever cons I experienced easily could be attributed to the fact that the restaurant is still sorting things out. It has not even opened yet officially.And given the ingredients and unique offerings, the prices of $3-$9 for the sandwich, is a steal!!I even talked with Josh about doing a community fundraiser in June, http://www.utwnow.org/host-utw-day-party/  ..  more on that later :)I am definitely a fan and I definitely will go back often!
5	The Peanut Butter and Bacon sandwich is amazing....and they have Squirt in the bottle? This might become a daily stop!
5	Summary: Way tasty! The menu is great and eclectic. That alone is enough to get me coming back. I had a hard time picking because everything sounded so good! I tried out the Span-ish and it was delicious. A nice solid balance of flavors. Totally hit the spot. Happy to have another great place to eat downtown. Excited to go back and eat more tasty bits.
5	YUUUUMMM!!! The PBBJ sandwich is delish!!!  A must stop and try!!  Josh and Jake are great hosts with an intricate menu of the classic sandwiches!
5	This little intersection is becoming quite the place to be.  I really think it all started with the OG.  Then, everyone followed:  the lounge, the arepas place, the gelato place, and now this sandwich stand right on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Wyoming.  The Goodwich just opened so it's brand-spanking new, but word travels fast in our little town about everything and everyone, so I wanted to try this place out after hearing, yes, good things about it.  The menu is simple, with sandwiches that start from $3 (grilled cheese, fried egg) and go up to $9 (foie gras, pork belly).  Your bread choices are white, wheat, or rye, there are add-ons available for an extra charge (bacon, cheese, fried egg, foie gras, CRISPY CHICKEN SKIN) and you can "Monte Cristo" your sandwich for only $.50; that is, the sandwich is dipped in egg batter and then placed on the grill. Still kind of full from a late breakfast, I kept things simple with the grilled cheese on rye done Monte Cristo style since I've never had a sandwich prepared that way. With a bottle of water, my order came to a cheap $4.86.   Jake, the personable co-owner who looks just like Clark Kent, took our orders while his business partner manned the kitchen inside the stand.  I was there with a group of Yelp friends and as we waited for our orders on the corner in the sun, I noticed that there is quite a lot of foot traffic in that area.  There are several seats and business was brisk for a new place.  Our orders came out shortly and everyone loved their Goodwiches.  I usually visit the gelato place every Friday afternoon for my fix with friends; I think the Friday Food crew has found a perfect complement in the Goodwich.  Welcome to the neighborhood, guys.
5	You gotta head on over to the Goodwich! It's the newest place which has taken over the kiosk that used to sell arepas. Yes that little shack right in front of Dino's Lounge. "The Foie" with foie gras mousse was absolutely divine! I'm still drooling over it!  They sell a variety of sandwiches all made from scratch, quality ingredients, from good ol comfort food grilled cheese, corned beef made in house to gourmet ones with Foie gras.  The menu consists of 3 different sandwiches in each of the prices points of $3,5,7 & 9 dollars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-goodwich-las-vegas?select=mErnsRlLQ-9ayHB7-iUMvA#mErnsRlLQ-9ayHB7-iUMvA  For THREE DOLLARS you  get your choice of a grilled cheese, fried egg or a nutella sandwich. THREE DOLLARS!!!  You can also add a fried egg, bacon, crispy chicken skin, foie gras and make it your own style for a nominal charge. It's a regular sized sammie as well. So it's pretty filling.  Love the textures and nice flavors going on with "The Foie" It had a whipped Foie Gras mousse spread, almonds. There subtle sweetness to it...I think raisins or some kind of fig jam?...  It was also layered with crispy chicken skin and cabbage. Toasted Rye bread was my choice for this gourmet sandwich. Like I said it was so good. Worth the nine bucks to me. The guys who own and run the place are cool. We met Jake. He took our orders. Cool that he already is recognizing his returning customers. Shout out to the guy who made the sandwiches. They are delicious!  Oh also if you have the foie gras sandwich, it goes great with the Rose gelato over at Art of Flavors!Heads up: they take both cards and cash. They're open late (1am!!!) on some nights now. It's a food stand so no dining area except for the few stylish white chairs and stools for seating. So it's basically take and go kinda spot. There is parking available since they share the same parking lot with Dino's. They mention on the menu you can call or text your order in advance.  Im so doing that  just to make sure I get the Foie, because I know that's going to be one of the hottest sandwiches and it's  gonna fly out that window!
5	Superior ingredients, great sandwich choices on excellent breads, friendly service, reasonable prices, cash or credit or debit and terrific pickles.  What more can one ask for?
5	Items Selected:Fluff & Nutt - Nutella, Toasted Marshmallow, Crunch (Monte Cristo Style)Ham & - Thick Cut Ham and Daily Inspiration of Arugula, Aged Cheddar, Mostarda (Monte Cristo Style)Foie & - Foie Gras Mousse, Crispy Chicken Skin, Caramelized Cabbage, AlmondLocated in front of self-pronounced dive-bar, Dino's Lounge, and still a work in progress as described by co-owner Jake Leslie who was present and ever informative, smiling, and gracious throughout my visit for a trio of sandwiches it can only be said that if restaurants only get better with time then "The Goodwich" is poised to be nothing short of a destination.  Featuring an eclectic menu ranging from $3-$9 with a dozen unique base-sandwiches and options for breads, add-ons, and "Monte Cristo" treatment providing ample room for customization it was after perhaps ten minutes of chatting with Jake about the metal-kiosk's surprising sourcing program (think foie from Artisanal Foods made into terrine by Goodwich staff, or house-made mostarda and spreads) that I placed my order and subsequently taking a seat in raucous Dino's where TV On The Radio and The NHL Network kept me entertained it would be just over 10 minutes before my food arrived, each option truly stunning despite a sub-$20 tab.  Opting for all sandwiches on White (Pain de Mie, actually, harkening Jake and co-owner Josh Clark's fine dining rearing) with two fried-golden the degustation began with the "Foie &" as a thick lacquer of unctuous terrine found balance of both taste and texture in crunchy, salted chicken skin plus slightly sweet stewed cabbage and moving next to "Ham &" a similar concept was presented, but entirely different with tender pork providing the brine as snappy arugula blended with fruity mostarda and aged cheese for big flavor, but a sense of refinement akin to something served on the strip at 4x the $5 price.  Clearly unable to resist dessert in such a setting, particularly when featuring golden bread and Nutella for $3.50 (the 50 cent upcharge for a visit to the fryer), it was with the sweet but subtle "Fluff & Nutt" that my meal concluded and as the soundtrack overhead shifted to Janis Joplin's 'Mercedes Benz,' subsequently joined by nearly every voice in the house, I couldn't help but smile and think about the early days of Cleveland's now-legendary Melt, a business and sourcing model not dissimilar to what The Goodwich is targeting, and one that has now spawned three additional locations.  Defying any thoughts of the 'simple sandwich' I wish the folks all the luck in the world and will undoubtedly be back; a $9 foie gras fix is something not even "Major Cities" have to offer...not to mention anything for $3 using ingredients this good.
5	Absolutely delicious.  Had their pork belly sandwich on rye and it was fantastic. First, the bread was amazing.  Had a good rye flavor and was obviously made by an experienced baker.  It's not the standard rye you get at the supermarket.Pork belly was nice and tender with a good balance between meat and fat.  Topped with some tasty greens.  It's definitely a gourmet sandwich at a very reasonable price.  In fact, many of their sandwiches cost what you'd pay for a Subway sandwich only everything is made from scratch, fresh, and delicious.  It's nice to eat a sandwich made by a real chef.  Highly recommended.I ate it on the hood of my car but am told you can eat inside Dino's.  They'll even deliver it inside if you're in there having a brew or two or 8.Oh yeah I forgot - I also had the house made pickles.  Fantastic and a nice side to go along with the richness of some of their sandwiches.
5	Fun little place. The falafel sandwich was great. A lot of effort goes into making the sandwiches here.
5	The menu and pricing was very straightforward. The boys are definitely proud and hopeful for their lil hut of sandwich joy. Personally had le pig on rye and a mexican coke. Their passion for what they do is clear, taking care to pay attention to their product and quality. Personally speaking the portion was just right, grilled up tastily and satisfied my taste buds without going overboard. I got the sandwich texture and flavours I craved in a homemade high quality sort of way. Will I return? Heck yes, why should I bother with fastfood when I have fabulous options such as this?
5	Well, I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  It's a little snack shack in the Dino's parking lot.  It's where Viva Arepas used to be before they moved into a shop down the street.  Your scenery is the OG across the street and the black asphalt of the parking lot, but sitting on the corner of LV Blvd and Wyoming at no thang when you're grubbing on delicious sandwiches.  You might also witness an almost-car accident like we did, which was exciting.First off, the guy who is running things at this place is super handsome and charming and friendly.  He chatted with my husband and I as we waited for our food and told us the story of how he and his friend came up with this idea and how they make everything in the kitchen behind Dinos.  He is so nice and earnest, that I just want to hug him.Fortunately, the food speaks for itself and is a testament to their vision.  My husand got the Patty ($7), and it was a delightfully greasy, gooey, slightly spicy treat.  I got the Ham &.... which had mostarda on it to make it slightly sweet along with a cheddar cheese (I think it was cheddar...doesn't matter what it was, it was good).  It was grilled and flavorful.  And it was only $5.  Yup, $5.We wanted to try the pickles, but they were sold out after a successful and busy Saturday.  They're new, so still trying to work out their supply and demand, so hopefully I can try those the next time I go.  Which I will.  Multiple times.  Because I want to try the Falafel and the PBBJ and the Le Pig and everything else on there.
5	Best sandwich joint in town hands down! The chicken, Le Pig, Patty, Foie...all amazing!
4	Goodwich!..Great!...Grilled!...Gourmet!...Grinders!...well not really grinders, grilled sandwiches, but the fingers were set on typing "G" words for this strong 4-star establishment.the Goodwich is located on Las Vegas Boulevard and Wyoming, a small free standing food shack in the Dino's parking lot.  They are billed as "STACKED-RITE SANDWICHES" and I agree!I had the pleasure of trying the "Le Pig" and the Foie.  These are both wonderful options.   the Le Pig (or le The Porc if you prefer) is full of flavor!  It is pork belly with a truffled vinaigrette, crunchified chip pieces, and fontina. The Foie was rich for sure with some fine foie gras mousse, cabbage, carmalized (balsamic?) onions and pieces of almond for taste,and texture.I saw a grilled cheese with a fried egg that looked inciting.  They also will do any sandwich monte cristo style for $.50.  There are lots of elevated foodie options going on here!  I hope this place does well...Dino's a great dive bar, but I'm not sure if the patrons will appreciate the more sophisticated option at the Goodwich.  I also wonder how grilled sandwiches will go over during the heat of the day as the weather warms...maybe check them out at night.  Either way, come down here and don't hesitate to try anything on the menu that sounds good to you.You can also text 702-910-8681 for curbside pickup or Dino's delivery.
5	I'm a regular at Dino's Lounge and this spot is on the same lot. The simplicity of the menu is what I love. No need for fancy crap! Fantastic sammiches and the service is superb. Great people, small business. Coming back!!!!
5	I was excited to have a new food choice for our weekly ritual of "The Downtown Triangle" where we go eat, have a cigar at our favorite place, and then get some gelato afterwards. We were greeted by the menu to take our order. I kinda like that someone comes out to talk to you, it's more personal that way.The BF and I shared : Ham & ( thick cut ham and daily inspiration which at this time was sharp cheddar, mostarda and greens). It was a nice balance of the smoky ham, the sweet mostarda chutney, the cheese, and the herbaceous bite of the eye. For $5 this is great value too. Le Pig ( pork belly, fontina, rocket, truffle vinaigrette, chip bits) I like that the pork belly has been crisp up so even the fatty bits can make a lover of someone who normally stays away from it. Again, its a nice flavor balance. Loved the buttery white pan de mie style bread.We got some chips which is bagged chips by Tims and pickles which are homemade. Kinda reminds me of bread and butter in flavor and was really good mix of pickled cucumbers and green beans. You can pick the bread between a white pan de mie, wheat and a marbled rye. We asked them to pick which breads were best with each instead of pick. I really say get the Ham & with rye as it adds a unexpected dimension and brings down the sweetness a little. So this spot is so good, we came back after cigars for a snack! We shared a PBB&J on wheat. I was one of those kids who never ate PB&J and never acquired a like for them. This was a game changer for a doubter of peanut butter sandwich magic. The peanutty flavor with the red pepper, the rosemary and the bacon was awesome. I seriously went home and saw the black forest bacon waiting to be eaten in my fridge and wished I had bread and pepper jelly. Their moniker is "stacked rite sandwiches" and it was indeed stacked just right. The amounts of everything is in the right balance as well as the flavor play in a stack that stays put. Simple things like sandwiches sometimes fail so bad as a "elevated" item, but these are successful and smart creations. Makes sense as Jake and Josh have worked haute cuisine which I found out while chatting with Jake. I figured they were experienced as there wasn't anything I could fault. The menu is just right, the prices are competitive, the friendly service and efficient cooking isn't at the level a 2 week old business is normally at.... They are working out having someone prep more as they are running out of things during the day, but them alone couldn't keep up so it's not a fault, but perhaps a show of a success that they run out and always have orders in the queue. After this I feel almost hard pressed to not make the ritual be specific to eating ONLY at the Goodwich, smoke only at Cigarbox and get gelato only at Art of Flavors. The perfect day off triangle. Either way, I am absolutely in love.
5	Warning: this is the review of a total newbie to foie gras.Following the scent of rave reviews, I finally made it to the Goodwich today just as they were opening. Having not done quite enough research, I learned that they are a glorified trailer right at the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming. I also learned that the best way to approach the parking lot is from any direction except eastbound Wyoming. Luckily, there were no police cars waiting on the other side of that median...Desiring only to order the bucket list item-containing sandwich, I quickly asked for the "Foie &" ($9.00+tax), opting for wheat instead of white or rye and not requesting the Monte Cristo treatment. It took over 10 minutes for them to prepare it, but I guess the grills may not have been fully prepped for the very first sandwich of the day. No biggie.There is no such thing as shade in the early part of the day outside the Goodwich, except in the awkward rear side of the stand. I was probably getting plenty of vitamin D (and a decent tan) during the wait. Since there aren't any tables, when they handed me my paper bag, I decided to take it home. Turns out that this move would cause issues.I was glad to unwrap the packaging to find a grilled sandwich. Non-grilled bread would have been pretty awkward, in hindsight. I adored the foie gras mousse. It was super smooth, a little liver-y (hey, that's where it comes from), super fatty, and gleefully abundant. Make no mistake, there is more than enough foie gras mousse not only to taste it in every bite, but for accusations of skimping to be libelous.I realized that there was supposed to be crispy chicken skin in the sandwich, and in my haste to get home, I had allowed it to devolve into a chewy and tough component. It was just difficult enough to bite through that I ended up squeezing tons of foie onto the paper with my mouth. In spite of my skin self-sabotage, I still found that the almonds provided more than enough crunch to give the necessary textural contrast, and the richness of the grilled bread with whatever sweetness in the rest of the filling (are there raisins or berries mixed with the cabbage?) completed the flavor profile.The "Foie &" is definitely one of my favorite sandwiches ever in spite of me ruining one of the key ingredients. I am not ashamed to admit that I tried to wipe up every bit of foie gras by hand. Actually, it was a bit difficult for me to finish the last few bites of the sandwich, so I have no portion issues. I have no doubt that the rest of their menu will be equally awesome when I come back. This is a worthy candidate for your future favorite sandwich spot, and you must try it at least once.
4	I've been keeping an eye on the growing number of reviews this place gets. So many Yelp elite are loving it, and I was waiting for the perfect time to go. Finally got a chance to take the BF today.First off, location is easy to find, service is great, and I love how simple and straightforward the menu is. BF and I opted for the PBB&J and the Foie& sandwiches, split half and half. Great ingredients put together well, but very indulgent. Perhaps too indulgent.PBB&J was awesome. Just a smidge too sweet for me, but the red pepper jelly adds an attempted at balance and the rosemary is amazing, adding a great note to the flavors. Just the tiniest bit too much for me. Would be great with a giant jug of white milk to wash it down.The Foi& is not my kind of sandwich, but I can appreciate it. It IS my Bf's kind of sammy though- he ate it up, making happy noises of content as he did so. The foie is perfect,t he pate is literally overflowing and gushing out of the sandwich (again, appreciated but a bit too much for me), and the flavors go together nicely. However, it was just too much. Rich, indulgent, fatty, nothing to balance it out. Maybe adding a tiny bit of acidity and crunch would be nice? Or having a suggested side option that balances it out every few bites? I appreciate it for what it is but it isn't for me.Portions are giagantic, value is good both for size and quality of ingredients. Service was great, they checked on us repeatedly as we dined. I liked the old-school bottled sodas, we opted for a 7-Up, which went well with the sandwiches. I can put away quite a bit of food but only had about 1/3rd of each, and it was more than enough food for me.Probably an amazing place to hit up late-night. Planning to come back and try some menu items that are a bit less over-the-top, like the Span-ish and/or the falafel, which might be more my style.
5	Loved it. The location is seedy enough to be cool, but not so remote that it's dangerous to walk around. If the weather is nice, you can sit on a couple of chairs and stools placed around the parking lot to enjoy the view of cops, the Olympic Garden patrons, and bums.We tried the Reuben and the ham sandwich.  Both were delicious and only five dollars each. The kids had the Nutella sandwich, which was basically dessert, but definitely delicious.Service was super friendly, and it took less than 10 minutes for our order to come out.I'll definitely be back to the Goodwich for lunch or a late night snack
5	Awesome food by an awesome group of guys!We came by about 930pm (after reading great reviews about them) and it just so happened that they had just closed for the night at 9pm.However after a short conversation with Josh, tired as he was....this owner gladly fired up the grill and went ahead and made us a couple delicious sandwiches!!!The Fluff and Nut Sandwich was epic: Grilled buttered wheat toast with nutella, roasted marshmallows, and Nestle Crunch!! Mmmmmmmmm.....I wish Goodwich the best, only been three weeks and already talking about more locations? That is AWESOME!!6 Stars!!!!
5	Tried Goodwich for lunch today, and the ham sandwich is the best darn ham sandwich $5 can buy for it taste and it's a fairly good-sized sandwich. Owner Jake can tell you what else is on the sandwich but I can tell you that the ham is one good ham -- flavorful and sliced nicely. Typically, I'd like to have some crunchy chips with my sandwich, but I saw the crispy chicken skins as an add-on for the other sandwiches on the menu that I had ordered skins on the side. I was so glad I did. The ham sandwich with the crispy chicken skins made a good pairing for me. I'll soon return to try the Monte Cristo.
5	After scaling the Stratosphere, all I could think of was coming to The Goodwich for lunch. I had it all planned the day before, however, I finished the climb waaaay sooner than I anticipated. I was texting my order to Jake (one of the owners of The Goodwich) while I was waiting inside Dino's Lounge. He even delivered it to me inside Dino's. Talk about service deluxe!You can get your Sammie in white, wheat or rye. Get it done Monte Cristo-style for 50 cents. Add-ons start at 50 cents to $4: Chip bits, fried egg, bacon, crispy chicken skin and foie gras. For sides, they have: chips, pickles, pickled chips and pickled beets (not always on the menu so, ask). Drinks: water, soda, house infusions and shandy. If you're like me and want to skip lines, text your order in to 702-910-8681 and specify if you're picking up curbside or Dino's Lounge. Give them about 20 minutes to get your food ready depending on how much food you order and how busy they are. I was extremely hungry so I got 4 sammies: Le Pig, Foie, Span-ish and Fluff & Nut...all in wheat bread.Le Pig:Pork belly, rocket, fontina, truffle vinaigrette and chip bits. The pork belly chunks are fatty and the chip bits add saltiness and crunch to this sandwich. Lots of incredible flavors. My favorite out of all I've tried. 5/5Foie:Foie gras mousse, cabbage, crisp chicken skin and almond. Creamy and rich foie gras with a bit of texture from the cabbage and almonds. The chicken skin is crisp with a thin layer of meat. A close 2nd favorite of mine. 5/5Span-ish:Mortadella, manchego, chorizo, olive and piquillo. The olive and piquillo combination reminds me of giardiniera. Altogether, this sandwich resembles a muffuletta but with better ingredients and less layers. It's salty, tangy and delicious! 4/5Fluff and Nut:Nutella, marshmallow fluff and crunch. The marshmallow is ooey gooey. The creamy chocolate hazelnut perfection that is Nutella with a sweet-salty toffee crunch. It's sweeet. 4/5Their hours are limited since Jake and Josh have day jobs. They're hipsters for sure. A great addition to this area. Their sandwiches are extremely amazing and it would take me a long time to get over it.
5	All you need to know about Goodwich is their sandwiches are DELICIOUS. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. They definitely have something for everyone, the meat eaters and the veggies too. Looking to satisfy your sweet tooth? They have that too! Their ingredients are top notch, the chefs take super special care making each and every sandwich, the bread is perfectly toasted. You may think one little sandwich won't be filling but it is. Surprisingly so!  My favorite sandwich changes each time I go. First I loved the Le Pig, but then I had the Falafal, then I tried the Chicken Club and wasn't going to stray, but then I tried the delicious Patty. Who knows what my favorite will be on my next visit? Jake and Josh have created something unique and yummy for downtown. Plus, they are good guys who want to engage with their customers. We have always had an enjoyable experience.And did I mention...YUM?
5	This is the best sandwich place in Vegas!The gentleman who took my order was extremely friendly and helped me and my friend choose sandwiches. Since there is no seating he recommended that we grab a beer from the bar across the parking lot. He even brought the sandwiches to us over in the bar!I had the Le Pig sandwich, it was pork belly. It was fantastic. Small chunks of pork with cheese on butter grilled wheat, with some condiments and some fancy veggies (, I didn't pay much attention to the ingredients). All I know is that it was fantastic. Spent 11 bucks for a sandwich and chips.
5	I've never had such an amazing sandwich before. Great service and delicious sandwich options.
5	You can tell the owner takes pride in the ingredients and quality of food and service. Small place but big on customer service and quality. Will come back. Easy to miss so make sure you are looking for it!
5	As a newbie to Vegas, one thing that has frustrated me to no end is the distinct lack of great, creative, local sandwich shops. Sandwiches are few and far between. But now...rejoice! This tiny little stand has arrived and clearly takes the title for best sandwich shop in Vegas.Good sandwich shops usually pride themselves on bigger, larger more monstrous sandwiches with endless meat combinations. Not this one. These sandwiches are well portioned, affordable and will only set you back a few bucks. Even the simple $3 sandwiches (like the fried egg) are glorious, but as you go up the menu, the quality and creativity only grow, and even the most expensive sandwiches are only $9 (for sandwiches with Foie Gras or Truffles!).  Even the vegetarian Falafel sandwich is awesome.If you live in Vegas and you like sandwiches...go here.
5	First time there and I was amazed. Had the Ruben, bread was perfectly crisp, tender meat and good amount of topping. Friend had the chicken club, ended up eating half of theirs after trying of one taste. Consternation service was A+, now going to be my sandwich spot downtown
5	The best sandwiches in the city? It might be too early to give them the title since I've only been once. But, if their other items are as good as the Le Pig ($9) it's only a matter of time before they're on top. I was worried if one sandwich would fill me up but it was packed with savory pork, fontina cheese, rocket (which is similar to arugula), and chip bites for added texture and crunch.As others have mentioned, this business was created by guys who used to work on the Strip at places like Aureole and Prime. They use the kitchen in Dino's next door to do most of the prep work and create just about everything from scratch except the bread and some cheeses. They even make their own peanut butter! Quality eats at cheap prices. I'm sure its only a matter of time before the get too big for their kiosk and end up in their own brick and mortar spot just like Viva Las Arepas.
4	After seeing the good reviews for Goodwich and having friends recommend it, I had to stop by and I made plans to do so on Wednesday.It was a little after noon but there was little wait.  My order was taken and I had a seat in the shade of the front of the stand while waiting.  During that time, it was interesting to see tourists and locals walk by on the Boulevard.  Quite a cross section of humanity going by.The sandwich came and it was packed nicely in a bag.  It was wrapped in paper and sealed with one of their logo stickers.  The sandwich, the foie, was very good.  It was filled with ingredients.  There's no scrimping here.  The crispy chicken skin and the almond were a nice touch for texture.  I had the sandwich Monte Cristo style and it was nicely grilled.  I also had a diet soda to go with the sandwich.This is a good place to stop but I'm not a fan of sitting nearly on the sidewalk or in my car.  Hopefully, the guys will be able to get a real shop (if that's their goal).  In that case, I would be more likely to make follow up visits.  This isn't close to my house nor am I in this area that often unless planned.  I'm not sure I'd make the effort to try another sandwich here.
5	CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!! Located at the former Viva Las Arepas stand.These guys really know their stuff. Friendly and knowledgeable who support local businesses/products (bon breads/artisanal foods). Their foie&....omg, definitely a must try. Rich, creamy, and indulgent. Date added extra crispy chicken skin and don't be afraid to try the same. They sometimes run out of it so get it when you can.The fluff&nutt monte cristo style on white caters to anyone who loves sweets. Definitely another must try especially if you're wanting some dessert. Can't go wrong with the falafel or reuben-ish either. As for the le pig, I can't seem to remember much about it so it doesn't strike me as something memorable. Open til 1A Fri/Sat. Stop by if you happen to karaoke at Dino's, decide to check out some people in their birthday suits at OG, or are coming from bars downtown.Tip: text their number ahead of time with your order to have it ready by the time you arrive.Definitely a place I recommend.
5	Picture this: a 50's style sandwich stand on the corner of Las Vegas blvd and Wyoming across the street from a strip joint. In the same plaza, there's a bar. What goes better than beers and sandwiches? Clever, clever marketing.It's lunchtime and I've heard great things about this place from yelp. I had a feeling this place wouldn't disappoint.My boyfriend and I ordered the falafel and the chicken club sandwiches, then split to share. Ranging from $3-$9, this is a perfect affordable lunch spot. There is some seating available, but I think there's only one table and a few other chairs. Great place to grab something on-the-go! You have a choice of white, wheat, or rye bread. There's also add-ons like fried egg ($1), chip bits ($0.50), cheese ($1), crisp chicken skin ($2), bacon ($2), and foie gras mousse ($4). I should have added chip bits to mine!Falafel: kale slaw, cucumber, and chickpea puree between two slices of bread.Kale slaw wasn't bitter, perfectly wilted, and worked well with the cucumber for that crispy crunch. The chickpea puree in it tied it all together. Slightly chunky and dripping with just the right amount of dill sauce (I think), it was an explosion of flavor and quite filling. Delicious.Chicken Club: Soft chicken bits mixed with wilted veggies, provolone, bacon, tomato, and ginger. Amazing. So tasty that I'd want my boyfriend to propose to me on the spot in the backdrop of Goodwich with me cramming this sandwich into my mouth. Greasy sandwich but oh so worth it. The flavor combination was incredible. Savory, muted sweetness from the cheese, and the fresh veggies balance it out. Also filling. The ginger wasn't overpowering and complemented the other ingredients well. It didn't feel like there was needless ingredient in the sandwiches. All of it "made sense." Even their assortment of some unique sodas and chips that you wouldn't find at the grocery store was a cool touch.The owner actually took our order. He was funny, entertaining, and incredibly patient in answering all of our questions about the menu. Listening to him talk about old Las Vegas and his Vegas-native roots was cool. While we were waiting for our sandwiches, he kept thanking us for our patience and letting us know the status of our order when it wasn't even a long wait at all! We got a sense that he truly appreciated our business and us being there. Love his '50s old-Vegas style he's got going on. Everything from the ingredients; the carefully wrapped wax paper with the Goodwich sticker stamped on it; and the white paper bag with the logo was well-thought out. They really put so much effort into the stand's theme. It made me feel this place is one-of-a-kind, memorable. The whole concept of Goodwich is something real, uncorporatized, and individual. A refreshing change from Downtown Project's approach (Container Park is just trying way too hard). It's just one block away from other amazing eats like Viva Las Arepas and Art of Flavors. (We hopped to Art of Flavors afterwards for a sweet contrast!)I'd love to come back and pack a few sandwiches and hit the park with picnic blankets and a book. Love this sandwich shop and all that it stands for.
5	Thank you Yelp! You helped me find this amazing sandwich shop!I was in the area and had to see what 5 stars was about! Small menu, which is good. Nothing complicated. I got the Fluff&Nut and my Bf got the grilled cheese. Only 7 bucks for the two sandwiches! I talked to the gentleman that was taking the orders until the sandwiches were done. He was so nice and friendly. I think he was the owner? Not to sure, but I told him this business was going so far in the future. It was doing so well and I can't wait to see more sandwiches on the menu and a bigger place for them! The food was so good. Who would of thought that chocolate and marshmallow could work that well on a piece of buttered bread? I really want another one. I wish this place was on every corner instead of mcdonalds. It was just so simple, but had the right touch and flavor. I need to go back soon!
5	The family and I made it to the Goodwich three weekends in a row - this is a huge deal for us because we definitely are not in that part of town very often.  So a trek this way for a sandwich must mean it's good stuff!Our first visit we got: * Foie & "foie gras mousse, crispy chicken skin, cabbage, almond" ($9) - Rich, decadent, messy, and oh so good.  But probably best to share this one because it's a heavy sandwich for one.* Le Pig "belly, fontina, rocket, truffle vinagrette, chip bits" ($9) - This has probably become one of our favorites as we've ordered this again.* PBB&J "peanut butter, bacon, rosemary, pepper jelly" ($5) - I haven't had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in years.  Once you have this version, you won't be able to eat a regular PB&J sandwich again.  And bacon? Hello!Subsequent visits:* Span-ish "chorizo, mortadello, manchego, olive, piquillo" ($9) - Our picky eater, aka the Little Guy, was all over the mortadello!  As a result, he may never eat good old-fashioned bologna again!* Chicken "provolone, bacon, wilted greens, tomato, ginger" ($7) - The chicken was actually still in the roaster, so they suggested using pork belly in the sandwich instead.  Pork belly, when is it not tasty?* Grilled Cheese "bread, american, bread" ($3) - This was a pretty boring grilled cheese sandwich, it's literally just bread and cheese.  In retrospect, adding some bacon ($2) or foie gras ($4) probably would have taken this little sandwich to a whole new level.What I love about the Goodwich is that it's fast food, but not.  Sure, it takes a little while to get your sandwiches made but that's okay.  We put our orders in and pay and then the food gets run out to our car.  So, we love that.  And service - I cannot say enough things about how important great customer service is and these guys know this.  They make small talk, they recognize and appreciate return customers, and they are flexible.    And you can call or TEXT your orders in ahead of time!  How sweet is that?! They had a Mushroom Melt on their very first day and haven't had it since.  I've been asking and so far no luck.  But they said that if enough people ask for it, it may show up again.  Help a girl out!  Ask for the Mushroom Melt!
5	Love this lil spot! Ordered the falafel sandwich and was blown away at how yummy it was. I'm a vegetarian so I was happy to see there were at least a few options on the menu. Super friendly, great location and open late on weekends! This will definitely be the new go-to:)
4	Finally. It's because of Anh D. that I had to come here pretty much a day later. So, Goodwich guys - thank her.Firstly, really nice guys run the Goodwich. Great experience lounging and eating here. I'm sure in the future there will be tables to make this easier. Til then, there are some chairs and a bit of shade.Anyway, onto the food. The menu is pretty straight forward. Three items in each price "group" it looks like. There's a $3, $5, $7, and $9 range. Easy, right? You've got a choice of bread, too. White, wheat, and rye. We noticed with everything we ordered that all items were sliced and prepared to make eating a sandwich easier. Nothing (except bacon) will pull out unevenly with every bite. You can chew through and get exactly that amount with no fuss.- Chicken club. This was probably my favorite savory sandwich. Chicken, bacon, sundried tomatoes, cheese, sauces, some spinach. Nice and warm with some lovely browned bread. This is a classic flavor that I think most people will love. It is warm, flavorful, and comforting.- Le pig. There is a good pork flavor going on here. Soft pork with bits of chips for a contrasting crunch. Other items I can't remember but if you like pork - this is your sandwich. It was delicious.- Falafel. I really like that this item exists. It was my least favorite but not because it was made of anything bad. The falafel was too dense and had no seasoning or texture (too smooth). I think it could use a bit of "fluff" and nice seasoning inside, as well as a bit of crisp on the outside. Otherwise, the cucumber, kale, and tzaziki sauce on top were nice. Lots of turmeric flavor.- Fluff and nut (Monte Cristo style). I think this was our collective favorite. It was basically breakfast for lunch. French toast bread filled with melted marshmallows, nutella, and something crunchy. Maybe rice krispies? Toffee maybe? What ever it was... it totally lived up to the name. It was soft and fluffy - and freaking delicious. We were in heaven with this one.Is there room for improvement? Well, other than the falafel's lack of seasoning and texture, yes. Tables (they're coming, I think). A variety of bread outside of toast would really bring these to another level - something fresh and quality to compliment what's inside. At first I thought the price may be a tad high but if the ingredients are quality - then it's totally fine.Til next time! Shouldn't be too long from now.
5	It is rare that I end up checking out a place twice before writing my first review. Well, after my first visit to The Goodwich I just couldn't resist coming back for more just two days later.I came for lunch with some of my favorite Yelpers, one of whom is already a regular here. I shared a le pig and a foie sandwich the first time around. The sandwiches came out quickly and we settled down to eat. It was a windy afternoon and our food blew all over the place. Lesson learned for next time, if it's windy we will be taking our grub into Dino's or to go to save us the stress. There was one foie casualty during our meal, but The Goodwich guys were on top of it and a replacement sandwich was ready in no time.  The food was amazing. I'm usually 50/50 on foie gras. Sometimes I enjoy and sometimes I don't. Both sandwiches were great. The foie had a nice sweetness and crunch that definitely improved the taste and texture, taking the sandwich to a whole new level. The le pig was delicious as well. Perfectly cooked and really tasty. It was a close tie, so it's too hard for me to pick a favorite. Two days later, I came by with my mom to share the fluff and nutt Monte cristo style. I had heard so many good things I just couldn't resist. I actually don't normally enjoy marshmallow or Nutella but it was a nice combination with the added crunchies, making the texture very nice. There was a long line but it went quickly.The guys who run this place are just great. They make everyone feel very welcome and are so hospitable and accommodating, it's hard not to root for them. Luckily they make a pretty darn good product on top of that so I will be back again really soon. Make sure to text or call to make sure they are there before you go. Even better, text your order in like we did so it's ready when you get there.
5	The Goodwich is another one of those popular Yelp stops that gets a ton of 5 Star Reviews.  Let me try to debunk that.  Foie, Le Pig, and Crispy Chicken Skin???  Honestly, none of this really appeals to me.  Thus, the reason why it took me so long to eat here.  I'm in the area frequently. No, not for OG's, but for AOF.  So, it was just a matter of time that I would finally get a chance at the Goodwich.  You see the review rating.  So, that means that I'm no different than the previous Yelpers that reviewed this place.  The Goodwich is "as good as it gets!" when it comes to their sandwiches.  I got their Reuben-ish on wheat, which consist of corned beef, swiss, kraut, and 1000 Island type dressing.  Not quite sure what made this sandwich one of the best I've had in a while.  Not sure if it was because their bread was perfectly grilled, the corned beef & swiss smashed to a flavorful goodness, or the mix of toppings complimented my sandwich just right.  Regardless of what made my sandwich at the Goodwich a greatwich, they have convinced me that I've been missing out this whole time.  Whatever it was, it was good and I can't wait for another cheat meal here.  PS:  Prior to eating here, I thought I'd be one of the few Yelpers that gave the Goodwich less than 5 stars.  Boy, was I wrong.  The Goodwich delivers in service, price, and in food.  5 Stars!!!!
5	After 3 tries at this place, twice for lunch, and once after a late night first Friday, each time getting 5 star service and 5 star sandwiches, I finally decided to add a review. I tried the foie & the first time and it is by far my favorite even though I'm not a fan of foie as much as my wife. It is the only one that comes with the chicken skin included. My next stop here I tried the chorizo and added the chicken skin extra. It's like a muffaletta with chorizo. Today I had the Reuben with once again the chicken skin. Great version of the Reuben. My son says the ham which he has had twice is the best sandwich he's ever had. He wishes they opened a branch near where we live so we could eat here more often. I also tried the fluff and nut, which makes for a great dessert sandwich to split after you've eaten one of the other sandwiches. The staff are friendly and the owner remembers almost everyone that's eaten there when they return to eat. They have the better tasting hecho en Mexico soda made with cane sugar. I can't believe the amount of tourists walking by not knowing they are walking past one of the best places to eat in Vegas. And it's affordable too for what you get.
5	The Span ish was one of the most amazing things I have ever tasted. The patty add egg was also next level deliciousness. This place is a pure gem!
5	This little sandwich stop is amazing!  Their menu is basic, but simple and gourmet.  My boyfriend and I stopped here to get lunch before making the drive home to SoCal...we both ordered the chicken clubs and we both loved them!  Next time I'm in the area, I'm going to try the one with foie gras mousse!
5	Talk about gourmet sandwiches taken too another level! The Goodwich not only takes it too another level but always looking too improve there menu (hence change the foie up little bit) and add on new things. Just shows me the passion Jack and Josh have for food. Their background in fine dining really shows because there not single sandwich that ordinary by ANY means. Look no further then star attraction the Foie who would think make sandwich with Foie. Creative side adding mouse and crispy chicken skin. The menu goes on and on. Talk about affordable and simple straight forward menu sandwich 3,5,7,9. Then if want too go off the grid add on chicken skin, fried egg, foie, cheese, or bacon for extra cost. Sp you can literally create different master sandwich every visit. No chain sandwich that can say that or compete with these guys. I really really wanted get the Foie but unfortunately they were out. You can text in your order so if really want the Foie might be good idea. It the rave sandwich and seems like they run out earlier then later. Hopefully next time I go they have it or need too beat Shirley B too it. Lol!! I was also eyeing the Le Pig either way psyched too finally get my Goodwich sandwich on. The Le Pig was unbelievable awesome! I love my FRIED EGG think beautiful condiment or compliment on any sandwich. The Le Pig right on mark again. The belly, fontina, rocket, truffle vinagrette, chip bits and then bring all together with fried egg. Every bite was heavenly. The bread..........Sandwich not only the filling but starts with the bread. You have couple options (white, wheat, rye) I went with the standard white. Why the bread awesome! It not thin slice nor is it over thick but just right amount that gets perfect golden crust on flat top and still moist with every bite. Nom. NOM. I got bag of chips wanted the pickle chips but unfortunately they were out. The jalapeno bag of chips just as good with my sandwich. Talk about personality coming full circle not only with the food. The fact that basically taco stand so no places too sit down. Couple tables but when its packed basically eating wherever find place too grub. I love that fact! Plus talk about greatest free entertainment. I brought friend visiting from out of town. Between seeing couple gentlemen club dancers getting off work from OG across the street, or two shady/homeless swearing profanity and acting crazy. Made it ever more of one of kind experience only in Vegas. If save room for dessert AOF literally right across the parking lot. HUGE fan and guarantee be coming back more often. Foie will get in my belly.............
5	Awesome little sandwich shop. A must visit in Las Vegas.I picked up a corn beef, dijon, garlic mayo, provolone, on toasted white. Best corned beef I have ever had. Do not pass up this awesome combo. Ask for the Rizzo.
4	Good times at the Goodwich! Simple concept here. Just three dudes making 'wiches out of a shack. 'Nuff said. My order:Reuben... Well done! The perfect amount of all ingredients and a crunchy marble rye is always appreciated. Only problems being the meat was a bit fatty and the bread is just soaaaked with butter/grease. Wipe your hands after every bite type grease. No bueno. Falafel.... another good, not great 'wich. I liked the patty style delivery of the falafel and the light cucumber and kale slaw were excellent accompaniments.  Again, this was extremely greasy. The grease paired with a 17min wait for a pair of sammies drops the ol' 'wich to 4-stars in my book. Still delicious and still worth a visit though. Prob one of the top 5 sandwich joints in vegas, though def not coming close to any of the top 5 from NY, SF or Philly (especially Philly).
5	BOMB City!! Simple explanation.. If you haven't gone, you must go! Chef genius! Love the falafel sandwich!
5	Best sandwiches I have ever had! We came from Orange County and when we got here ordered 7 different sandwiches. Couldn't find one that we didn't LOVE! Patty was probably my number one and you must finish any of them with a fluff and nutt. You would never expect such great food from the base of a sign in Vegas but the chefs are excellent at what they do. We will be back before the end of our trip!
5	Most legit food in Vegas. If you want a gourmet sandwich at a great price. A most stop anytime you're around Vegas. The two owners were helpful and really into what the make and serve here.  Everything is made by them for the sandwiches and it makes all the difference.
5	This was DELICIOUS! I can't wait to go back and try another sandwich. I can't wait to take a friend and have them try this!PROS: The Foie            The Patty            Great menu            Friendly owners            Eating outdoorsCONS: Limited seating (outdoors)I wish them luck and I will be back!
3	They were out of the Foie and so I decided to get the Le Pig. I had very high expectations because I had seen many of my friends check-in here. I would say that the bread was so much thicker than the filling I have seen many of the photos that seemed to have more product in the sandwich. The Le pig had a bland flavor it seemed that it needed more seasoning such as salt and pepper. For a 9$ sandwich, they could of put more product into the sandwich. The service was good and they were very accommodating. I would like to give them a higher rating but I will definitely give them another shot one day. I hope that they have the Foie the next time I visit!
4	I think this place is SCRUMPTIOUS! You can text them in advance for the sandwich you like and they will have it ready for you. I thought the Foie was delicious, albeit a little rich. I wish they had a Turkey selection. They did have a Tuna Melt as a special to which I hope they make it part of their menu...
5	I love everything about this place. Simple but amazing menu, and it's seasonal for the freshest ingredients, and you can text in your order! I will definitely be here a couple times a week for lunch!
5	[I plan to make this post a chronological account of my exploration of the Goodwich's menu.]Since my first visit, I have been very fortunate to try several sandwiches from this spot that I dare say should be considered an institution. I am also now on a first name basis with co-owner Jake, who has a solid memory for repeat customers and strong passion for his craft (as evidenced later).- Fluff & Nutt ($3): seeking a dessert option on a Monday evening, and knowing that Art of Flavors was closed, I invited some friends to try this place. They loved it. One of them had the same sweet treat, and the other had a Span-ish (now defunct). The Fluff & Nutt comes in a square size that's a little smaller than the more expensive options, and the toasted marshmallow and nutella taste pretty much how you'd expect.As an aside, Jake discussed how they source their foie gras mousse from the scraps of the foie that Artisanal Foods makes, and the composition is 2/3 foie and 1/3 chicken liver (supposedly a standard thing, and still a very good deal in my opinion). This leads me to my next sandwich...- Foie ($9), redux: learning from my mistake with the pathetic soggy chicken skin, I vowed to devour my next sandwich on the spot. It was just as marvelous as the first time, and the first half of the sandwich had an added crunch from the crispy chicken skin. The second half lost the crispiness, but at least it wasn't as chewy as my first experience.- Chicken ($7): I learned during Foie #2 that they had just revamped their menu (see tip and photos). A couple of days later, I capitalized on the opportunity expressed by Jake to be one of the first people to try this sandwich. The sandwich includes provolone, my old friend the crispy chicken skin, arugula (aka "rocket"), asparagus, and tarragon. It's very good and has an almost prevlanet acidity, unlike everything else I've tried so far. While this may not have the bacon of the old Chicken Club that it replaced, it's still good and it's something that my friend the chicken+pescatarian should try some time.- Falafel ($7): not gonna lie, probably my least favorite sandwich so far alongside the bite of the Span-ish that I tried. The flavor is kinda one note the whole way, and while it's comparable to other falafels I've had in town, I can't help but compare it to the legendary Falafel's Drive-In in San Jose, which benefits strongly from the addition of a sweet and spicy sauce. If you're fine with just falafel, cucumber, a kale slaw, and tahini, then go for it. Personally, if I ever come back again on a veggie bent, I'm gonna go for one (or two) of the $3 options, or just wait until the rumored eggplant with miso glaze sandwich makes its debut (source: Jake).- Ham ($5): in the words of Jake, who was speaking as a food lover and not an owner, probably the best $5 sandwich in town. I feel a bit sad for Jake-the-owner, who might be upset that the other $5 options aren't getting as much love from Jake-the-customer, but hopefully I'll make Jake-the-owner happy by trying those in the future.Anyway, I can't really think of anything off the top of my head and tips of my taste buds to counter his claim. The salty and amply layered ham is complemented by a mayonnaise, a melted orange cheese (minus 10 foodie points to Chris), a lettuce (arugula?), and a fruit that resembled a less-sour cranberry and provided much welcome sweetness. I'll still take the Foie if I have to recommend exactly one sandwich, but this is an awesome value for sure.- PBB&J ($5) (4/17/14): very odd not to see Jake today. This is a great savory option, comprised of creamy peanut butter, pepper (not fruit) jelly, and bacon. It's a little bit on the one-note side as well, but it's a good note.- Bologna ($5) (4/19): ran into Shirley B as I was picking up my order. The meat was relatively thin and the peppers were very strong. It's not my kind of thing, and it kinda distracted me during my gelato dessert session.-----------The takeaways from my experiences so far: almost every sandwich here is a good 'wich. The sanest seating may well be in your car, especially if there's inclement weather. Oh, and this is not fast food. Expect to wait 6-10 minutes sans line. I'll definitely have to remember to text ahead if I don't show up for opening, which does tend to be less busy. Funny thing, though: according to Jake (yes, that guy again), there were no less than 23 phone orders waiting to be processed already at 11am yesterday!Go to the Goodwich if you haven't. Just go. They care about their customers, they are working to hire/train help so that they can open at 11:00 and not 11:15, and they are willing to alter their menu significantly even just months into their hopefully long run as a restaurant. And they're relatively cheap, which is always good in my book.
4	The Skinny: gourmet sandwich stand  - classic sandwich combinations with a new twist (4) Service: it's counter service, there's no restrooms and there's no tables. Oh and they charge $0.35 to use a credit card (3) Value: the reuben could have used a little more meat but other than that it's not cost:quality ratio is reasonable (4).We stopped by the Goodwich after going on a bit of food sampling at a few places.I opted for the Reuben-ish and the Hubs ordered the Foie&. Both sammy's were $9 and there was a $0.35 service charge for using a credit card.Let me get this straight - you need to eat these sandwiches immediately.Even though the hubs wanted to leave due to the obvious lack of facilities (there's no tables, restrooms - it's essentially a food stall), I put my foot down on this one. A grilled hot sandwich needs to be eaten while the bread is still crunchy/warm off the grill and the cheese is still in its semi-molten state.The foie gras was good. A nice thick layer of foie gras mousse deliciousness, the chicken skin, cabbage, and almond created a interesting blend of flavours that really worked well together. My only criticism is that this sandwich is really rich - you'll need at least 2 people to finish this delight. The hubs wished that the mousse was a little more warm because it was a little odd to have a cold layer in this otherwise toasty sandwich. However, I disagreed - mostly because if you heat up a liver mousse it would leave an odd potential curdled texture. The only way that would work is if you used a solid piece of foie and sear it. We agreed to disagree on that point.The Reuben was great. Loved the fennel with the mild anise flavor in lieu of straight up cabbage - this marries well with beef in general. The 1000 island dressing had a nice tang with the perfect amount in there. The melty swiss min combination with the perfectly toasted bread made this a very interesting textural dish. That being said, the only criticism I have of this sandwich was the it was a little light on the corned beef. It definitely needs a little more meat in there to make a total kick ass Reuben. Considering the amount of meat in there, $9 seemed a bit pricey to the hubs.The bread they use is great - it's Bon Bread white, whole wheat or marble rye. The only thing that would make this list of options better is if they offered Bon Bread's amazing brioche. Why? because brioche rocks my world. And there's nothing quite like the lightly sweet egg-ish bread going with foie gras. But hey! that's just me. (I also know that a loaf of the brioche is pricey too.)For their delicious innovative take on classic sandwiches, this joint gets a 4 starred review.
5	WELCOME TO GOODWICH, HOME OF THE GOODWICH, MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDER?YES PLEASE!I just want to thank my homie Al, who took me to have a BEAUTIFULLY MADE SANDWICH for lunch.  He's told me over and over again that the small, covered booth stood across the street from the little area Viva Las Arepas was, and again and again I failed to process that in my mind, so he finally said "Let's meet up by the arepas place, and I will take you to Goodwich." I couldn't pass that up, because I had seen his Foie sandwich on IG! Lol!Have I mentioned how much I love Foie?! It's pretty much a GUILTY PLEASURE!So I met my friend for sandwiches on the WINDIEST DAY EVER RECORDED, but that didn't stop us! As we approached the sandwich shop, I looked at the menu and knew exactly what I wanted, FOIE! I love Foie! The dear sir that took our order recommended the Foie on white bread, and thank goodness it him, just a great recommendation!Besides Foie, the sandwich had crispy chicken skin (gotta get extra next time) and cabbage. It was absolutely unique and one of the best sandwiches I've ever had the pleasure of tasting. I got to snag a piece of my friend's Reuben also, and that was pretty great too!GO TO GOODWICH! Maybe I'll run into you, because seems like a place I won't get tired of. Going tomorrow! =) Lol.
5	Had the foie gras, and am very happy. Probably won't eat it too often because of the animal rights things behind it, but the fact I live in California means I won't have access to it anyway. Love that the people here really care about their customers' opinions on the sandwich. Will definitely stop by again when  I'm in town.
3	Ok, so maybe my expectations were a bit high before I ate here. Honestly, I was just not blown away. I thought it was a decent sandwich, but for about 13 bucks, if I can get full just off of taste alone, then I would go to 4 stars at least.What I got was the Foie on wheat Monte Cristo style. As soon as I paid 12.86 (that's 9 bucks for the sandwich with 15 percent tip, tax, and another 99 cent to make it Monte Cristo), I thought to myself, damn that better be a good sandwich for 13 bucks. So after my first bite, I thought it was decent. I wasn't blown away or anything. It just seemed like just another peanut butter and jelly sandwich which later on I was told is what it kind of tastes like. Although the nice flavor of the crispy chicken skin was good, my stomach was not satisfied. I would of gotten another sandwich but then paying 20 bucks for two sandwiches just to get satisfied is not worth it.The service was nice. The guy who took my order explained everything to me and answered all my questions. Of course you have to wait for a bit for your order because everything is made to order. I think next time I will text my order so I don't have to wait so long especially if I have time constraints.As for their location, they are on a the corner of S Las Vegas Blvd and W Wyoming Ave across the street from OG (Olympic Gardens, a 24 hour Strip Club). They are in a small shack type of stand where Viva Las Arepas used to be. In closing, maybe the Foie is not for me. Maybe I need to try some of the other sandwiches. Like I said, I don't see the justification in paying 10 bucks for a sandwich that wont fill me up. I will come back for sure and try the Le Pig and/or the Reuben-ish. If I am blown away or at least impressed a bit more than the Foie, then maybe I can bump it up to a 4. I could of easily given these guys 2 stars but I had to convince myself to come back so 3 it is for now.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #91
5	This shop is great!! Small item menu but that is perfect. I went w/ some friends and was thoroughly impressed w/ the food and its presentation and taste overall. Well worth the visit if your in the area. I had the Le Pig, a pork sandwich it was delicious. Im definitely going back again.
4	The Goodwich should be named the Greatwich. Operating out of the stand that used to house Viva Las Arepas in the parking lot of Dino's this little stand makes excellent sandwiches. Their menu consists of four different prices $3,5,7 or $9. We shared the Le Pig and Foie&. Both were excellent. The Le Pig had bacon belly and butt, ginger, aioli, and some sort of pickled tapanade - it was rich but also had a lot of spring flavors which were refreshing and fulfilling.  I had it on rye bread, the rye wasn't a great match and was a little overpowering so I think if I were to get it again I would have it on white or wheat. The Foie& was well rich, as to be expected with a foie pate, and hot with the foie melting out of the sandwich - it would have gone well with a glass of wine. It was recommended that the Foie come on white bread, which makes sense considered it is common to serve foie with white toast points. The crispy chicken skin added a nice texture contrast.  Both sandwiches were $9 each but well worth it. The person taking our order was very friendly and came and checked on us while we sat in our car and ate our sandwiches. Also ordered the $2 house made pickles, they were sweet pickles and I really liked them but it is a small portion size for $2 and they come sliced. If I were to guess maybe a 2 oz portion so I don't think I would order those again. I would suggest that they move their menu up higher as it sits on the ground right now and I couldn't read it until I was up front as customers in line kept blocking the menu and I don't think I will be frequenting this spot, unless I get it to go, in the summer considering the heat. Also, note I attempted to walk over to the Art of Flavor after wards to top off my lunch but they are closed on Mondays.Also, I just read Rod U.' s review, I agree this is not in the same category as Katz's or Carnegie but I think they are doing very well for a little shack that just opened in a town that isn't known for sandwiches. Also, I think it is foie - I have had a lot of foie and foie pate in my life (don't tell PETA) and it tasted like foie and not chicken liver to me. Also, I have had plenty of foie which have a mineral flavor to it, the iron as in any liver will tend to lend a mineral quality, if you do not soak the foie long enough while preparing a pate then a mineral flavor will remain so I do not agree that alone is indicative of it not being foie gras pate.
5	Authentic urban dining experience! Stellar. Fast, friendly service and good conversation if you can catch 'em when they're not too busy. Menu changes regularly to showcase their talents but the chicken and the falafel are must-trys. Don't let the location fool you. These guys are talented and professional.
4	Who would have thought we could find a gem in a little shack outside a dive bar, let alone a second one after the first moved to a storefront.  Well I am happy to say the Goodwich exceeds its predecessor at the location with a cutting edge menu and owners/staff who clearly enjoy their work.  Try the "le pig" sandwich, or the chicken provolone sandwich, both are excellent. I also really enjoy their "patty" which has just enough kick to make you happy inside.  I haven't tried their foie gras sandwich, mainly because they had served it all when I got there but it is next on my list.The menu itself is pretty interesting as the number next to the menu item is the price, ranging from $3.00 to $9:00, all very reasonable.  The bread they use is excellent for sandwiches.Don't be afraid to try their creative offerings as you won't be disappointed.
5	FOIE GRAS...F-orget O-ther I-nsignificant E-xperiences G-et R-eady (for an) A-mazing S-andwich at Goodwich.That is what possessed me to drive from Henderson to Downtown with a growling stomach looking for a unique lunch and not settle for everyday boring because my usual lunch date has stomach issues.I get to this little shack around 12pm with normal looking people standing in line...not a weird downtown crowd at all. I didn't know what everyone meant by "OG"...until I looked across the street and saw OG Topless Bar (good landmark)...maybe where the bad witch lives lol.I walked up to order looking at the simple menu (with descriptions of ingredients, yay) knowing I was going to try the much talked about "Foie" even though I had a lot of apprehension from never having eaten foie gras in my life. I was bewitched by all the positive descriptions everyone posted about this sandwich that I had to have it...good, bad or otherwise I was going to try foie gras today. The gentleman who took my order was very reassuring that it would be a treat for me and that at $9, it was a great way for me to try it and not break the bank. I found an empty chair to eat that made me feel like I was a young student at school having my favorite sandwich at lunch.As you can already tell, I LOVED it! Such a strange combination to put together but it all works. Foie gras mousse/terrine that had a creamy texture with light earthy, almost truffle-like hints (not at all gamey), this very crispy thick chicken skin (like when you hit the crispy skin jackpot on a perfectly roasted chicken), chopped almonds, and pickled purple cabbage that made sense as a necessity to cut the richness of the foie gras, all inside a grilled crunchy white bread that scrapes the inside of your mouth a little. Creamy, crunchy, savory...I couldn't believe this taste explosion that I enjoyed with each bite to the last. Oh yes. I finished the whole thing! I was really blown away how much I enjoyed this sandwich. It was life changing lol. It would be wonderful to see Goodwich occupy a space in the upcoming Galaxy Market in the Arts District...a space for artisanal foods, craft brews and aspiring restauranteurs.
5	This has got to be 1 of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. Will definitely be back on my next visit from Seattle.
5	So great!!!  The chicken was awesome!   Had bites of the patty and the pig as well.  Phenomenal sandwiches!
4	Earl and I finally got to try the Goodwich, and it didn't disappoint!  Earl and I shared Le Pig and Foie Gras sandwich, with the picked beets, a can of Faygo Root Beer and a bottle of Squirt.  This was cheat day for us!The Le Pig was super flavorful.  I liked the chicharone for the crunch.  The tanginess of the lime and pickled radish balances the richness of the pork.The Foie was good, but next time, we may have to add extra crispy chicken in this sandwich because it is somewhat lost because the Foie gras pate overpowered it.  Because this was our first time eating here, we just ordered it as-is.I finished my half of the Le Pig and over half of the Foie and I was stuffed.  Earl was excited to finish the rest.  My favorite was Le Pig, and Earl was Foie.  We didn't have room to try Fluff & Nutt, but we will definitely come back for more!There were about 6 chairs and two stools there.  The owners were super friendly and nice.  Cheat meal well spent.
5	This was such a unique place and the food tasted great. The prices were great and for once, we didn't have to wait an hour to eat in Vegas. The owner was very friendly & helpful. I will go by this little place again.
5	Tried their three different sandwiches and they are all great and delicious! Just remeber to pick up the food and leave. There is no way you can eat on the street or parking lots ( trust me... I tried already) you will know what im talking about when you are actually there ;)
4	Goodwiches and Good-location!The wifie and I decided to check out the Goodwich after hearing so many good things about this place. We ordered the Foie and the Le Pig. Both were excellent sandwiches and were well thought out. Let's start with the Le Pig. This had a great balance of both flavor and texture. The lime ginger radish\slaw went well with the rich pork and the crunchy texture of the chicharones made it all come together. It somewhat reminded me of a torta (Mexican sandwich) without the beans. The Foie was a little bit more interesting. The Foie pate was paired with somewhat of a cabbage jam which made it a little sweet and chicken skin which again added the crispy texture. In my opinion I would have added a few more extra pieces of chicken skin as it got masked by the strong flavor of the foie. I would recommend getting either their house pickles or their pickled beets along with this sandwich to cut through the richness of the sandwich. I want to come back and try a few of their other sandwiches, maybe even create my own (fried egg with lots of chicken skin and bacon) mmmm I can feel my heart slowing down. If you're looking for a late night spot to go after a few drinks downtown this would be the perfect place to satisfy your cravings.
5	Only been here twice so far but OMG it is so good.  I've tried the Ham &,  Rueben-ish, Grill Cheese and Fluff & Nutt, all monte cristo style and all were amazing.  The first time I took the sandwiches home.  Rookie mistake.  They got a little soggy but still tasted great.   They guys who run this place are super friendly and easy on the eyes so that doesn't hurt either.  I can't wait to come back and work my way through the menu.
5	The best sandwiches in the city? It might be too early to give them the title since I've only been once. But, if their other items are as good as the Le Pig ($9) it's only a matter of time before they're on top. I was worried if one sandwich would fill me up but it was packed with savory pork, fontina cheese, rocket (which is similar to arugula), and chip bites for added texture and crunch. This business was created by guys who used to work on the Strip at places like Aureole and Prime. They use the kitchen in Dino's next door to do most of the prep work and create just about everything from scratch except the bread and some cheeses. They even make their own peanut butter! Other items are prepped and sandwiches sold from a small stand/kiosk several feet away from Dino's on the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Wyoming street. This is the same kiosk that was previously occupied by a taco shop and Viva Las Arepas. You'll be hard pressed to find another spot more unique offering up quality ingredients executed to perfection at these cheap prices. It's only a matter of time before they outgrow their kiosk and end up in their own brick and mortar spot just like Viva Las Arepas.
5	Hands down best sandwiches I've ever had. I literally go here at least once a week. The owner is so friendly too. You might think just a sandwich will leave you hungry, but I promise you these are so filling. Especially if you get it Monte Cristo'd. I suggest getting the chicken skin on the salt and egg sandwich. Actually on anything.
5	Beyond amazing! Visited this placed 2 days out of my 4 day vacation. Got the Ham sandwich first day. Got the chicken sandwich (complete with chicken skin bits) on the second day.  On both days I got the Fluff and Nut, and oh my goodness it was sandwich dessert heaven. The nutella, fluff and little rice krispies make the perfect combination in texture and taste. Yum. My mouth is starting to water thinking about it.
5	My husband and I were in the area and stopped by the Goodwich and had a sandwich.  They were wonderful and we plan on going back.
5	Wow... It's a good Sandwich:: living up to the name.. For starts, I was like ok.. Location is whoa.. And stand is old.. But hey! BRING BACK THE RETRO! Got it!Up to date with iPads and iPods for registers! Boom! Sold on that:: service was in my face! yes! Yes! YES! Love that! Made aware of the menu:: had the reubinish! Because I love CornBeef and Good stuff:: I WAS IN HEAVEN! Eating it:: like I died and could roll over and over in my sandwich goodness! Will be back:: need to get Jalepeneies! next time! Man! Will be back maybe tonight! Lol:: starting to go down the whole menu! Mmmmm! Yes and thank you!
5	You just can't the time and effort put into each sandwich. .. And to be under $10.00??!!??!....
5	Absolutely an AMAZING place to eat! Everything on the menu is so deliciously good, the staff is friendly, this is vegetarian friendly as well! We go here every time we go to Vegas!
5	This place is awesome! great for lunch, and the pork tenderloin is my go to sandwich...
5	Service was friendly and quick and the sandwich was excellent. They have a changing menu so check before you go so you're not let down if they took the sandwich you like off the menu but otherwise they have my business.
5	This is my first Yelp review!! Goodwich is undoubtedly the best sandwich spot in Las Vegas. I have pretty high standards for sandwiches having been spoiled by Ike's in San Francisco for several years, Fricano's in Austin, and Naked City Sandwich Shop while it existed in Vegas. This place is on point!! My boyfriend decided to pull one of those "I'm not hungry but I'll go with you" moments, and being the bread and cheese aficionado that I am, I didn't care. Pulled up the menu on my phone and saw that first off, all sandwiches are either $3, $5, $7, or $9 (so amazing), and that I could text to order (so convenient). I decided to go with the Patty with a side of house pickles and I was NOT disappointed. We drove over to Dino's (Goodwich is inside), and got our order curbside right on time (15 minutes was the sandwich eta). I NEVER ever everrrr eat in my car but I truly could not wait another moment-- and this sandwich was unbelievable. Bread perfectly grilled, high quality ingredients, amazingly friendly sandwich man, delish side of pickles and beets-- it took all of 30 seconds before my boyfriend realized I probably wasn't going to share, and put in his order for a Falafel sandwich. Again-- superb. The location, service, and quality are top notch, and I will definitely be back!! There are delicious options for both meat lovers and vegetarian folks :)
5	It's not just that I hit the character limit on my last update (which is true). It's also that I had a really sublime experience today.I was thinking of for the patty melt today as part of my 'wich and gelato two-fer. Instead, after I said hello to co-owner Jake, I saw a framed special menu item. Lo and behold, it was the pork tenderloin sandwich. This item was prepared especially for the Great Vegas Festival of Beer, but as popularity would have it, the limited run continued during the week. Still, I thought that I had missed it due to the lack of tweets from @thegoodwich, so imagine my surprise...Of course, I ordered it. And of course, it was good. I just didn't realize how I would be so darn happy with it. The panko-breaded tenderloin was a very nice, pretty thickly cut centerpiece, and it was pleasingly juicy. The mustard and mayo mixture, as Jake had forewarned, was mixed with a bit of Indian curry, which somehow really worked. The pepper jack cheese added appropriate gooeyness through and through. And the caramelized cabbage (apparently a mixture with some onion, but you can tell it's largely cabbage) was surprisingly one of my favorite parts of it. Finally, the default potato bun was strong enough to hold everything together, and I'm glad Jake corrected me when I went ahead and asked for wheat without realizing.I kinda just paused for a few minutes to contemplate life and all that good stuff after the sandwich. So yeah, the pork tenderloin is definitely a top 2 item on the menu for me. Most of the sandwiches that I've tried are good to great, other than falafel and maybe bologna. And they're going to revamp their menu yet again to lighten it up for the summer, hopefully with a Memorial Day week premiere (not officially yet). I do like the seasonal changes, and maybe the pork tenderloin will be revived for the autumn. Either way, exciting things will be happening and are already happening for the Goodwich faithful. Also, we need a better fanbase nickname. The Glindas?
5	Oh. My. God. I keep going back...
5	AMAZING! Went to Vegas this past week and ate there not once but three times! Tried something new each time but I have to admit the Fluff w/ Nutella...yummmmm! Don't be fooled by the location. It's just a little sandwich shop but well worth eating in your car, on the street, heck across the street!
5	Ordered ham sandwich add egg, bacon, and made monte cristo.  I was quite impressed to say the least.
5	I am all about sandwiches today.The Goodwich is located just outside of Dino's Lounge, and the food there is just another example of "Sandwich Joy", a rare place to visit, but the reception is wonderful.The Missus and I went there for an afternoon outing, and while I can't remember what she got, the pate sandwich that I discovered was so rich and flavorful....  It was beyond good.Best of all, Dino's allows people to sit at their bar and eat, so I brought in my food, ordered a beer, and just spent a blissful moment munching contentedly at this latest of finds.  Again, for what you get, the value is excellent.I've become convinced that Vegas might be one of the "Great Sandwich Capitals of America".  There are enough excellent sandwich places here to placate all of my "various foodstuffs between two pieces of bread" needs.Truly and highly recommended.  I wish this little business all the best of luck, because they have earned it.  And my repeat business.
5	A dope ass sandwhich stand in the corner of a parking lot a little bit north of Stratosphere. Started by two down to earth, hard working dudes with experience working at some of the top restaurants on the strip; you can taste the love and passion that they put in their food and menu. This is the type of place where you know good food comes out of. Goodwich reminds me of something you would find in any foodie city and stands out with its eclectic ever changing unique menu. The 3 sandwiches I ate were the Pate, PBB&J, and Fried EggDamn I wish I had pictures of the 3 sandwiches I just ate but they were gone in a second.Pate: Bomb.com...not for everyone as patte can be strange to some (mystery meat but usually cow, duck, geese, or chicken parts with fat and herbs & spices)...has a lot of flavor and is very refreshing...very herby with some tang...PBB&J: Stands for peanut butter, bacon & jelly sandwich....surprisingly it works f'n well...similar to how that peanut butter crunch burger at 1842 is...Fried Egg: Probably the most basic sounding sandwhich on the menu however you have to try the simple sounding food in order to gauge the quality of  work...this reminds me of some ish my mom would make and mom's are usually your favorite cooks as your growing up...it was done well..wish the egg was dobe over easy as the yolk gushing out would have been crack..Overall this place is one of my new favorite food destinations. With an ever changing menu and a great price point this place has the potential to be a staple in the new Las Vegas culture.
5	Hubby says, "That might have been the best sandwich I've had since moving to Vegas." He had the ham. I had chicken which was equally phenomenal.  I have a feeling I would have been happy with any of the dozen or so selections. The co-owners, Jake and Joshua, are as nice as can be all the while raising the bar for sandwiches in Las Vegas.
5	Fast and super friendly service. The Patty is my absolute favorite. Order from these guys at least once a week!
5	This place was awesome!   It's a questionable being a small shack in a parking lot but the food was incredible. I had the patty.   The caramelized onions melted into the beef and pepper jack cheese mixture.  It was a perfect combination of flavors.
5	I've taken 3 or 4 people here for a sandwich after drinks and they have all ended up going back. I'll usually grab a Chicken or Ham& with every intention of stopping there. It never works. The Fluff & Nutt or PBB&J is always close behind. The owners are solid guys that are really into what they do.
5	I am not even sure this qualifies as a hole in the wall.  With that said their food is the bomb.  Try the confeit or pork belly. One of the best sandwiches I have ever had.
4	Came here to grab a quick lunch. Items include Le Pig and Chicken - were both great in quality. I'll probably try sweet item next time.
5	In Las Vegas you have a lot of food choices.  Anything from Asian to European to Hawaiian to Latin and everything in between. Among all of these places in Vegas there is a little gem that I happened to stumble upon one day, The Goodwich. I have always been a fan of sandwiches and never mind paying top dollar for something that is good. I saw their prices and assumed a cheaply thrown together sandwich that I'd more than likely be disappointed with. Boy was I suprised. The sandwich I received (the ham sandwich) ended up being one of the most delicious things I've tasted since moving here. It is a perfectly stacked tower of deliciousness. They aren't little either. It is a good sized sandwich for a killer price. Personally of they raised their prices I would still come and indulge on a regular basis. I patronize this establishment at least a couple of times a week and will continue to do so regularly.  I have been trying other sandwiches and have come to the conclusion that these guys have that thing vegas has been missing. The Goodwich is a must while in Vegas for visitors and should be your regular spot as a local. I promise you will not be disappointed.
3	The Goodwich is an unassuming walk-up, just a semi-permanent food trailer.  There's no customer seating, but plenty of parking so we sat in the car and dug in to our premium sandwiches.  These are not the sandwiches your mom makes unless she took the time to grill, deep fry, slow roast, and make almost everything from scratch.We tried the Special of the Day which was a Pork Cutlet Sandwich with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and homemade dressing.  The sandwich had a nice crunch from the breading and was pretty mild in flavor despite having so much going on.I was pretty excited about the Pate Sandwich because I love Vietnamese Pate Sandwiches.  The pate was course and firm and the ratio was a bit off with too much pate (did I really write that?!) and homemade pickle spread which made the sandwich a bit salty.The hands down winner was the Reuben-ish.  We all agreed the sandwich had everything you wanted from a Reuben: tender, flavorful corned beef, and the perfect ration of cheese, kraut, and dressing.The Owner/Order Taker is friendly, helpful and efficient and you can tell there is a passion for the food and the business.  Definitely give this place a try when you're looking for a fresh take on the humble sandwich.
5	We've been here several times.  We've have the Fluff & Nutt, Ham, Falafal, Reuben, Le Pig and Pate.  LOVE LOVE LOVE all of them!!  I just recently found out they have a b-fast menu too - can't wait to try it out.  I heard their summer hours close at 2pm.  The Ham was amazing - perfect blend of salty and sweet, gooey cheese, and the bread grilled perfectly on the outside but still slightly soft on the inside.  My fav bread is def the marbled rye.  All the sandwiches just have the perfect blend of flavors and textures.  You can tell they've put some major thought into building these bad boys. The guys who run the place are always so friendly and nice to chat with.  They'll even run your sandwiches to your car!  When the weather is nice it's fun to sit in the chairs provided and gaze across the wonderful scenery (OG, haha, although because it's Vegas there's a weird charm to it).  The first time we went I thought the area was so shady with random people walking around but the more we've gone, now I just feel it's part of the whole goodwich vibe.  I wonder if they'll ever get a brick and mortar store?  I just wish they'd open up a place closer to my house so I can go every day and get my goodwich fix!PS - you can text your order in!  That way your food will be ready when you show up and don't have to wait.
5	I had the Patty and I would have posted a pic but it was so good i already gobbled it down. Will definitely be back.. Yum Yum!!
4	I have to say that when I first tried Goodwich I went 4 times in one week. I brought my husband, I went on my own, we drove far (verrrry far) to get there, and did anything we could to get more of those sandwiches. The next week, we came a couple times and if I could get my hubby who is not a sandwich fan to come back, I guess that means it's pretty good. My favorites are the ham (good as monte cristo), patty (oh so guilty after eating it but oh so good! appears to be creamed cheese mixed with hamburger meat, wow bad but tastes so good), and the reuben. The hubby loves the chicharon and keeps finding a way to sneak it on the sandwiches. Tsk tsk. The reuben is really outstanding. The mixture of flavors is perfect. I love the kraut they use and the bread is really top notch. I hate rye bread and this bread is out of this world. Both the hubby and I were not Le Pig fans, even though we both like pork belly. I also love homemade pickles, but for $2 I got 3 slices of a pickle (not 3 pickles, 3 slices) that is way overpriced. The wait for your food is long, and has been each time I come. I understand why though since there is just one cook, so I am not knocking them for it. Just expect a wait.The location is very "interesting." Great place to people watch, see strippers and valet and all kinds of people from OG cross the street (legally and illegally, almost getting run over at times), homeless people, walk by customers that once they see the price they walk the other way, freaks, and more. There are only a couple chairs, so be ready to take it home, eat in your car, or stand in eat. Those seats were only occupied once out of the many times I have been here. I wish there was a little table next to every chair. My chair I sat at had no table and it made it difficult to eat, put your drink down,purse, etc. It would be nice to provide a small table to each set of chairs. You can also text your order ahead of time so you don't have to wait. Love that option!What I don't like is the extra charge to use a credit card. I understand under $5 charge to use the card is pretty typical but not when you are spending way above that on a couple sandwiches. I am hoping they can find a way to not charge customers to use their card. I believe using a credit card vs. paying cash is pretty common. So beware-bring cash or you will be charged for using your card. What has stopped me from coming back is the greasiness/butter/sauce used. I feel so guilty eating here. Although if you want to indulge in tasty, unique, flavorful sandwiches this is the place to go. The owner is amazing by the way and really cool! I will def. be back on my next craving.
5	My new favorite sandwich shop - I squeezed in without to long of a wait.  I had a few questions and they politely directed me in the right direction regarding my preferred taste or palette. Hands down the winner ..... Reuben-ish.  This sandwich had everything you would want in / from a Reuben.  Juicy Tender, not over brined  Flavorful corned beef, and the perfect ration of cheese, kraut, and dressing.Good Job Wich - I will be back !
1	Yikes the Yelp community let me down on this one, the sandwiches were super salty & super greasy. Really nice staff but that's the only good thing I have to say.  Also overpriced.
2	My husband has been dying to try these sandwiches but was only impressed with the Monte Cristo. He's been talking about the Pate one for forever and I warned him that other reviewers said it wasn't even real pate but that didn't stop him from having to try it. Sorry to say that he didn't like it, but won't admit it. However, being that he didn't even finish half of it I know he doesn't like it, lol. The grilled chicken skin sandwich was okay but chicken skin on a sandwich is not my thing. And I feel that these sandwiches are overpriced.
5	The Goodwich is not to be missed by the traveling foodie or local. A hidden gem of tastiness tucked into a trailer next to Dino's bar on the edge of the Arts District. The egg sandwich cannot be beat for value, and a much better start to the day than any other breakfast option around (well, except Tiffany's Cafe). The Ham and Cheese is a sweet and savory experience that keeps me coming back. HFCF free sweet-tooth options with Izze's and Mexi-Cokes. Top notch, know my name,  personalized service from a dedicated crew of sandwich craftsmen on every visit.
5	Mmmmmmmm. Fried egg with melted fontina cheese on marbled rye bread w/ mayo. This is one of my favorite new pitstops, right next to Dino's - the gateway to downtown, baby!
4	The only problem is that seating is outside. Unless you want to go inside Dinos bar and eat in there. Other than that heat for take out. Yet to have a bad meal at this place!
3	Overall great service. Food good cheap eats. We four ordered the Rooster, Pig & Grits, & basic Fried Egg Sandwiches.Pork & Grits was good. I felt it needed 1 element to give it more dimension.Rooster was better than pork & grits. It at least had that 1 element that made it better.The fried egg sandwich for $3 was good. Bread was buttered & grilled perfectly.I had an issue with $.35 surcharge for using credit card. It was not listed anywhere they do this. I gave them 15% tip. I should have backed it out of tip but didn't. They use square system so there is no per swipe charge, only the 2.75%. Little confused why they would charge theSurcharge.
4	Came by today to eat eat, only to see some construction going on.. Is this place getting closed down? This place was great place to get sandwiches and would hate to see it go.
4	Another among the downtown gems. During the summer they are only open till 2pm and hopefully that will change come fall. Sandwichs are very good. I wish they had not dumped their foie gras sandwich but alas....and their choice of bread and its quality is uninspired....so....Next time you are in that area of LV Blvd trying to score an eight ball give them a try....
1	My girlfriend and I came here a few months ago. The service was okay. The guy who took our order did a great job walking us through the menu and we quickly got our food. I thought the food was okay. After all they're just grilled sandwiches. However my girlfriend who's favorite food is a grilled cheese sandwich loved their food. Now for the main reason why I'm giving it 1 star Is because since then we've gone to it 3 times and all 3 times they've been CLOSED. Even though online it said open. We tried calling/texting in our order but no answer or they text back the following day. So we still go thinking they're just busy... Last time we went they were closed because of their sign. Still no excuse! From now on I'm calling ahead of time and if they don't answer I'm not even going to bother and I suggest you guys do too or you'll be wasting gas and time just like I did. Hopefully once they stick to their real business hours I'll update this review and give them something better.
4	It's damn hard for me to give five stars to a restaurant without any seating.  So I won't.  But I almost did it anyway.We ordered a pate sandwich and a Le Pig Vert and retreated to Dino's for a beer.  The sandwiches arrived at Dino's after a short wait and they were outstanding.  The pate was a bit much, though.  I had a lot of trouble getting through 1/2 a sandwich, and I'm a fat guy.  The pig sandwich was also fantastic and a bit easier to digest.  Think I'll try something different on my next visit.The employees at the Goodwich were friendly and helpful.Don't be afraid to go into Dino's...it's a dive bar and all, but I've been there several times just to drink and everyone is very nice.  And domestic beers are only $2.50.  So there's that.I've got to believe the owners will move to a better location soon.  This isn't the greatest area and it's too damn hot to eat a sandwich outside.
1	So rude for a place with nowhere to sit. I asked if they could make a egg white sandwich instead of regular egg... They're response "No it's too much for us to have to separate the egg. If you want something healthy eat the carrot sandwich" really? Cause I don't make sandwiches for a living and even I could separate an egg to make a sandwich. So pathetic.  Perfect example of people who get good yelp reviews and feel like they're unstoppable. I should've known, most of their 5 star reviews are from people with 3-5 reviews.
3	Set in an uber seedy side of town sandwiched between a dive bar and a stripclub sits a small corner stand that serves, well, sandwiches.  They are purveyors of goodness in this otherwise bad setting.  Hence the name The Goodwich.  The ingredients are inspired and the prices are fair.  Although the summer hours really suck.  Only open until 2pm.  It is quite a tease to constantly see the great reviews on the front page of Yelp but alas they are already closed.  Aside from this I would probably eat here more than once a week.The Pat'e was a great thick rendition of a potted meat sandwich with leafy greens and pickled radishes.  Slightly salty and the pat'e itself was creamy with nice chunks of back fat.  Had mine on rye.Le Pig Vert was thick and saucy.  Tender pork atop a pickled salad.  Comparable to a Cuban Lechon sandwich.  It was packed with porky goodness.  We tried this one Monte Cristo'd on wheat.  I will probably be ordering this one always until the Foie returns to the menu.Good eats.  Different from the norm.  Wish it was open till 5pm.
4	As of right now, best sandwich shop in the city, however there's really no where to sit and chill and f*ck it's hot out there waiting for a sandwhich, but the customer service is second to none and I will gladly endure a little back sweat for their BLT with cheese grits sammich!
4	All things aside I really do like these guys sandwiches.  Summer hours aside the food really is a refreshing change from the normal burger joint.  4 stars solid.  5 when they move to spot with a/c dining and drive through!
4	It pains me to give a business such as this 4 stars, but in all honestly I think it's what they deserve. I really wanted to give them the red treatment but their sandwiches are a solid 4 stars. 4 stars is not bad, but I usually like to give 5 stars when the food is absolutely mind blowing. I've been here a total of 3 times so far, and I've gotten the chicken twice and le pig once. For some reason the first time I try something that is good with a unique twist such as their chicken sandwich it was practically mind blowing, but today when I had it, it was good just not amazeballs status. The chicken sandwich consist of chicken, greens, and pesto. For some reason the chicken today was a bit greaser than usual, trust me I am not one to complain about a little extra grease because it does add extra flavor with a side of guilt however today there was a little puddle of grease on the paper that holds the sandwich together. But I must give them credit for the bread they use, I am not really a ran of rye bread but theirs is really good and I love the marble effect on it(refer to my picture). I've also tried Le pig and thought it was a bit fatty for my liking. I had a bite of my friend's ham and that was really good from what I can remember and it's on the $5 menu. I also like the fact they are near the intersection of Oakey and Las Vegas Blvd., although the area is sketchy it certainly does have character to it, which I think matches urbanized vibe they are going for. Trust me although I didn't get them 5 stars, I certainly will be back for the ham and encourage others to try them out. Who knows, maybe my next experience I'll be so impressed to bump them up a star.
5	If you are a local, you have to try this diamond in the rough.  If you are an out of towner, make visiting Goodwich a must do on your trip.The sandwiches are all so savory, made with unique and well thought out ingredients.  It is priced fairly and will blow your mind with how tasty the sandwiches are.
5	The Goodwich is phenomenal!! I was in the area for work on Tuesday, saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to try it out. I got the ham, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich on rye and it was so good! I loved it so much I took my husband on Saturday, and he loved it so much we went back on Sunday :). Three times in one week? A little crazy, but oh so good. Of the sandwiches we tried, the Reuben-ish was my favorite, followed by the chicken, or the ham & breakfast one. Also, I could eat an entire loaf of just their rye bread.
4	It's great to be able to text in an order, also greatly appreciate the menu spanning the $3-$9 dollar range. Food was good, but not spectacular,- tried egg, grilled cheese, chicken, ham & roasted carrot.
5	This was our first time here. I looked up good local eats in Las Vegas and this popped up. Definitely love this place! Especially for the price and the quality of sandwiches. We tried the Reuben-ish and the chicken sandwiches. They were delicious! This is my go to spot for sandwiches now! :)
4	I've had the LePig and Corned Hash sandwiches. Both were bomb. I wish they were opened later because it would be great to eat these after consuming some beverages.
5	I finally went....yes indeed, I did.I was sitting in my office and contemplated lunch...went to my goto buddy Yelp and there was Goodwich!  I timed my arrival for just before they closed on a Monday afternoon, perfect.  Nobody in line and I got personal attention all the way through.I went for the Reuben-ish (recommended as the quintessential Goodwich experience).  I was not disappointed.  The cheese was gooey, the toppings and sauce perfectly complimenting the meat, the rye and fennel were delightful.  I was recommended the pickles, which although a bit sweet for my dill heavy palate, I still enjoyed.I will most certainly be back.  Going to have to try the Foie, Chicken and Tomato...not necessarily in that order.Kudos to the prep gang who greeted me,  made me feel right at home and were sporting the Star Wars gears to boot.May the Force be With You!
5	Seriously one of the best new sandwich spots in Vegas. Reminds me of the California Street food stops without the long lines. I am officially the 2nd customer, a guy named boogie was the 1st. . Greeted by Jake to take your order. A small menu with some really great choices from a 3 dollar Sandwich all the way up to a 9 dollar sandwich. These are definitely gourmet sandwiches you can tell by the ingredients they use. I have not had a bad sandwich.  There is something for all palettes and you can get any sandwich Montecristo style for a 99 cents more. My favorites  are the ham sandwich and the pork loin sandwich, egg sandwich with cheese and bacon or the hazelnut with melted marshmallow. Early till 10 they serve breakfast.A must have it after you have it! Get there early summer hours they open early and close early.
5	Some may hesitate to give five stars to an eatery without a dining area. I will not. Most impressive to me is the quality of chow you find here. Many "foodie" hot spots featuring creative interpretations of classic dishes are too obsessed with creativity and forget that the quality of ingredients is paramount. The Goodwich keeps a fresh, simple menu that always offers unique sandwiches and the best ingredients you will find for this kind of money.My first visit i had the joy of meeting Jake and got to chat about his businesses. Not only is he a personable gent but he detailed a lot of his ingredient sourcing which is awesome. Bonn Bakery bread, Niman ranch meat, greens fresh from Trader Joe's and unless my taste buds fool me the bread is lubed with butter.Criticisms? House made mayo would be epic, it is such a rare thing to find. Hopefully the restauranteurs read that request!If you are visiting downtown or the North Strip make this a stop, for the price of a hand of black jack you will have a true Vegas experience. Don't forget  a side of pickles!
5	Egg salad, chicken, and patty melt are delicious!  All the pickles, beets, plums are fabulous. They will be catering our next corporate event. Great food guys!
5	I do not normally like patty melts, but this one is the best in town.  You have to try it.
5	One of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The Rueben was superb! Our party also tried the chicken and the ham, not much conservation once food arrived other than the smiles between bites.We opted to eat in Dino's lounge as there is no outside seating. Ordered a $3 pint, and lounged. The sandwiches were delivered to us in Dino's, where we we were heartily welcomed by other Goodwich diners and a cast of colourful localsOnly caveat is the sandwiches are not for the overly calorie conscious as pretty rich. If you are going to splurge on calories however, Goodwich is the place. Prices very reasonable and the guy who delivered the sandwiches came back to Dino's before we left to ask if we enjoyed our meal.
4	Finally got the chance to try this place last Friday and went with the HAM which is always a safe choice. The guy that took my order was patient when he realized it was my first time and informed me about their upcoming change in hours since they will no longer be on summer hours in September. The ordering process went smoothly aside from waiting in the 100 degree heat for my order!The sandwich was hot and fresh when I sat down in my car to eat it. I was expecting just ham and cheddar cheese but was pleasantly surprised to find the nice crunch of spring mix veggies and what appeared to be grilled diced apples. The sandwich was delicious and full of flavor and only 5 bucks!  The chips were meh and not worth the 2 bucks to me. Will be back for more sammies!
5	I love this place! Service is very friendly and knowledgable. The sandwiches came out in a good time. All so delicious every time I goi am not disappointed. And I love the fact that their menu changes every so often so I can try something new without getting bored with the menu. The Le Pig is my favorite! I get it on wheat, and oh my gosh flavor explosion! Housemade pickled veggies with pulled pork! Amazing!
5	So freaking good. Will was a great help and explained the menu when we walked up. Our crew ordered sandwiches then went over to Dino's to pick up some cold beers to go with our sandwiches. Will brought us our food and it was divine. Definitely worth checking this spot out.
5	I've been here countless times and may I say that I have never been disappointed. All the sandwiches that I have tried are super delicious!One of the sandwiches that I have tried was the Reuben-ish Sandwhich which I really enjoyed. Generally I don't like corned beef hash, but theirs is delicious, not too salty, with a nice sour kraut that complements it really well.I've also tried their Chicken club sandwich, and I LOVED the Pesto that they had on there with crispy chicken skins! OMG! SO GOOD!Their BLTG is also AMAZING! Nice thick cuts of bacon with really delicious heirloom tomatoes and cheesy grits! And explosion of yummy goodness!I will most definately be back to try some more of their new sandwiches.
5	I've been dying to try this place every time I drive to my office. I'm sooo glad I did! I I asked which Sandwhich was the most popular and he said one of the pork ones. I can't eat pork unfortunately so I opted for a chicken one. We grabbed two chairs they offered us a small table. Perfect little parking lot lunch spot! Our sandwiches were amazing and reasonably priced! Both of us ate for 20$. Nobody kicked us out (well we were outside) for taking an hour and half to eat. Def be back!! The staff is super friendly as well!
4	Loved the Goodwich!  Highly recommend their Reuben.  We visited on a VERY hot august day.  We ordered, including drinks but it was really too hot to eat outside.  We asked and turns out you can order then head into Dino's for a cold bevvie to enjoy with your lunch.
5	I really love the Goodwich. Great sandwiches, great prices, incredibly friendly employees! Every sandwich I've tried is amazing, not a bad one on the menu. There's definitely something for everyone here, and if you're vegetarian you have options other than grilled cheese! I wish I could eat here everyday for lunch, but then none of my clothes would fit me lol.
5	I'm always looking for something new. I pass this place almost every day. Well Friday I decided to stop and check this place out to see what all the hype was. 4-1/2 stars from Yelp it's got to be good.  I had the egg salad and there tomato sandwiches on wheat. I never in my life have had such a good egg salad sandwich. I was out if this world good. There was this crunchy something in it and the flavor was even better. Perfectly gridded. The tomato sandwich was good, light perfectly toasted really good also. Did I mention that both sandwiches were only 8 bucks. That brings to that point. Very well priced as well. I can't wait to continue to try more of there sandwiches. Next time 2 egg salad. Delicious period.
3	Tried this place with the hubby today.  He ordered the Rueben and I got the BLT.  I can't remember the exact name of my sandwich but BLT was basically the gist of it.  The rueben was amazing!!  Very tasty and a very balanced sandwich!  I wish I got his sandwich!  My sandwich was just alright.  Everything was too crunchy.  It ruined the top of my mouth.  I wish the bread was thinner.  The price of the sandwiches were a bit much however.  $9 for a sandwich out of a stand is unacceptable in my book.  I would say it was a $5 sandwich at most.
5	Love a damn good sand which! And these guys do not fail. Texture Flavor balanceFreshnessQuality ingredientsAre all in there! The pate and le pig vert are so dank! Must try! Will be back!
4	Disclaimer: I did not actually go here, but my man brought me back a sandwich when HE went. He brought me "Le Pig" - anything with pork belly is really a winner in my book. So how can I rate it if I haven't actually been here?+1 for a fantastic name that gave me a chuckle+1 for presentation. My sandwich was wrapped so neatly and obviously with care. I imagine if they put this much effort into how a sandwich is wrapped, they must also have good customer service+1 for a delicious sandwich that reheated fantastically in the toaster oven+1 for benefit of the doubt.Hopefully I will be able to go in person soon and give a more thorough review!
4	I had the Reuben today - my first visit to the Goodwich.  I liked the ambiance, though it is still too dang hot to eat lunch outside.  The shop looked clean and the employees took their job seriously.  One of them popped out of the hut and talked to me about the menu and make suggestions.  I told him that my goto is a Reuben.  He said it is his favorite item on the menu.  So I ordered it.  The Reuben was good.  But it wasn't the best I've ever had.  It was a little salty.  In fact, I ate it 3 hours ago and im still thirsty.I'll be back.  next time I'll order the chicken sandwich.
5	This little sandwich shack is really outstanding. Get any sandwich monte-cristo style and they even have foie-gras!
5	Really good Reuben and the grits on the BLT & G were awesome. Makes me want to try them all. Have to make a special trip for lunch but it's worth it. Hoping there is one closer to the Summerlin soon.
5	All i can say is that its simply amazing!!!!  My husband told me this place was life changing...it was!  :)
5	Right on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd. and Wyoming is this hidden gem that makes the best sandwiches ever.  Locals know about it and tourists need to try it.  Everything is hand made and so so fresh.  Lastly, the owners are so friendly and helpful.
4	Super rich tasting sandwiches!I saw the rave on yelp it was getting & always wondered where it was located. Drove past the small random parking lot it was located in & realized that was the goodwich! So I decided to have my lunch there. I ordered the patty. Very yummy. A bit messy. Tip: don't order this sandwich if you're wearing a tight highwaisted skirt because it all won't fit lol. I was only able to finish half & it was very filling. The only thing I didn't like was the bread. The toast was a little too well done for me. Other than that, it was pretty amazing. The staff was also super friendly and helpful. The cashier brought our food to our car even though he had a line waiting. Nice for me, not so much for the people waiting in line.
4	So I tried it and over all was very good! I tried the Ham&  special !  The ham is very good and thy way they prepare it makes for a wonderful grilled sandwich.  Must admit was not a huge fan of the mayo as it was a bit sweet, but none the less it brought the sandwich together. Overall a tasty sandwich that I would have again.    Service on the other hand was great.  Guy came around and too my order and even offered to bring it to my car simon didn't have to stand and wait which made it for me at least that much better. I look forward to returning to try some of the other items.
5	Went here on a Thursday night around 9pm.  Spoke with Will and he completely described each sandwich with incredible detail and accuracy not only telling us what was on the sandwich but how, for example, the corn beef was brined, the special sauces were made, etc.   the sandwiches were some of the best we've ever had. We will certainly be back and bring our friends!
4	Been a few times. Tried the Le Pig, BLT & G and the Reuben. I really enjoy the Reuben (not pictured). The other two were tasty, but not enough to sway me to order again and again. The Reuben, though, will most definitely bring me back. They use a heavy hand on condiments so be warned. I've learned to get easy dressing.
5	Hey hoooo... Will be back. Reuben was pure goodness. Not too much. Not too little. Not too messy. Fresh. Fast. Just how it should be. Homemade pickles are a plus. Good location. Not at all pricey. Friendly. Comfortable. A couple other sandwiches I want to try so I'll have to come back again for sure.
5	Best BLT I've ever had. That's because Josh slow roasts and smokes his own bacon, then puts all the drippings from the bacon makin into the grilled sandwich. If I lived in Vegas, I'd be here everyday for two weeks working my way through his fabulous, inexpensive list of high-end sandwiches.
5	I just can't say enough good things about this spot.  For some reason I was looking for a storefront type of place but it's in a little metal cube in the parking lot.  Kind of like a food truck without wheels.I've been a number of times.  Service is great and food is fantastic.  It's very convenient for me because it's on the way home from work.  If I don't feel like cooking this is the first place I think of.  We've worked our way through the menu and everything is very tasty down to the pickles.  They mentioned that the menu was changing on Tuesday so I got the heirloom tomato.  A thing to note is that every ingredient is well seasoned.  This makes a huge difference in the final product.
5	Chicken skin on a sandwich is a beautiful thing.  Their chicken sandwich is the best sandwich I have eaten in Las Vegas.The location is great- right downtown and super convenient.  Stop by and drink at Dino's while you wait for your grub.  No where to site at the Goodwhich so Dino's is the ace to sit.The hipster owners are pretty cool too!
5	If you've not noticed by now, I am a customer service person all the way. The Goodwhich blows me away with theirs!! The owners, Jake and Josh, have created this high quality, fine dining sandwich restaurant, with incredibly affordable food. Downtown, in front of Dino's in a booth. It's sandwiches but they're "stacked rite" which means QUALITY. Josh is a genious when it comes to creating the best ingredients and combinations, that turn a sandwich into a SANDWICH BABY! The prices are great, starting at $3! Their staff is also just magnificent! Will is the really cute guy out front. But he really seems as though he's a top class server, and remarkable at customer service. He knows the menu, and you can just tell he's passionate about the company. Pat and Sam make the food up to par with Jake and Josh. Which is no easy task, to say the least. I'm a Goodwhich follower and proud. You should be one too! Great stuff Goodwhich. I hope you do great things gentlemen!!
5	How do they do it? This is the only place on earth where I order TWO sandwiches, because everything is so damned good! I eat 1/2 of each, and give 1/2 of each to a deserving friend. If they weren't so filling, I wouldn't share. Okay, sometimes I share. I drive 25 minutes from my office in Henderson to get a Goodwich!
4	Drinking at Velveteen Rabbit can stroke up an appetite. Good thing Goodwich is only a few minutes away. Sometimes a sandwich just hits the spot. Even more so when it is a well crafted sandwich. Who thinks of doing a curry cauliflower sandwich with crispy rich and an onion fondue? How about a pulled squash with pepitas and sauteed collard greens? It is impressive when a place can cater to vegetarians and carnivores alike. The Goodwich is definitely a place that makes eating vegetables enjoyable. Besides our green friends, the Rueben-ish with the fennel kraut and the Cuban-esque are great sandwiches. There are few places were I feel like I have to give everything a try. For the prices, it is not too rough on the pocketbook either. All sandwiches range from $3-$9.
5	We love the Goodwich. It is such a fabulous place to go when you're in the downtown/strip area, have a car, and have no desire for a chain or a sit-down restaurant. We have a strong tendency to come grab a goodwich whenever fate smiles on us, and we get an unexpected afternoon off, or are about to spend the afternoon adventuring and want a late breakfast/early dinner.I am a rabid, drooling fan of the Reuben-ish. Everything on it, including the kraut and the beef is made in house, and that, that just makes it taste so much better. Mt grandma still speaks German, and we have saurkraut ceramic jugs, and several of those shavey-kraut blade-cubes. So please understand me when I say this kraut is as good as my grandmothers.The Grilled Cheese just makes a shitty day better, and pretty much any sandwich is an easy picnic in one step. Two sandwiches, two drinks, and a wander around one of the parks in the area is an easy way to win your date night, and for the price, you can't beat it. You could get a shitty sub at smith's....or a goodwich. Is that even a question!?The owner is quite often working, and he is a phenomenal guy. Very friendly, very real. The sandwiches are well crafted and amazing, but there is nothing about this place that's pretentious or jerky. It's just really good food, really good people, and an easy, walk up style restaurant. Skip the chain, skip the drive thru, eat local. Reward thyself.
5	I'm love simple sandwiches, and this place has the best. And sandwiches for $3?! Yes please!! I tried the Grilled Cheese, the Fried Egg and the Fluff & Nutt, all monte cristo style ($1 extra). YUMMY!! My favorite was the grilled cheese and my son loved the fluff & nutt. I will definitely be coming back to this place whenever I'm here. Oh yea... They have curbside pick up too!!
5	I have "dined" here several times, eating the PBBBJ, Egg, Ham and Ruebenish...No way I can say anything but I am coming back for more. Each time I find something new to want, something new to try and the only complaint I can seem to muster is....why does the menu have to change?  This gang is a bunch of maestros of their craft.  They make sandwiches that are surprisingly simple, completely delicious and exactly what you want to eat.  Get there.
4	Awesome Reuben and great service.  With a drink it was around $10, i'll return!
5	This is a Las Vegas gem.  Although like crack and Game of a Thrones, the second you take a bite out of the Patty sandwich, you'll be addicted. The variation of sandwiches and the novel mixture of ingredients make coming here and event more than just a delicious lunch. The service is personal and friendly and you go away feeling it was money well spent. The prices are fair and even very good when you consider the value you are getting.  The Goodwich is the best sandwich place in Las Vegas for now. Treat yourself to a special lunch, then you'll be back for dinner, then lunch then next day..next thing you know you'll be selling your mothers TV for a Ham&.
5	I'm white. And if white people have 'a food', it is the humble sandwich. I can safely say, as a white person and an enjoy-er of sandwiches (I've eaten them all over the globe and even worked in a deli for a few years)  that the Goodwich does one of the best jobs creating original sandwiches that are expertly crafted.  This is a great lunch spot. The location...well, I miss living in a real city and as you wait on the corner of the busy intersection while your sammich is assembled, it feels like Vegas is one of those authentic places. I hope this place is around for a while.
5	This was one of the best sandwiches we have ever eaten.  My daughter is still raving about her Cuban sandwich and my squash sandwich was also amazing.  They were out of the Foie gras but was willing to make it for me for the next day.  However, we were leaving early but I will call ahead next time.  The prices were so reasonable and the owner was so helpful and nice.
5	Goodwich rocks. Had the cuban-esque. Was the bomb. Texted my order in was ready when I arrived. Looking forward to trying more.
4	Had kind of a weird experience at the Goodwich.  I was really excited to return to town to try this, so I made it a point to stop by.  Walked up and asked the guy working for a recommendation.  He asked what I liked, and I said everything.  He works there, he should be able to recommend a sandwich.  Apparently that was tough for him, as he said "they're all good."  I believe it, but I believe when a customer asks for a recommendation, you can list your 1 or 2 favorites.I mentioned some sandwiches Yelp users mentioned, and he asked with a smirk if I was looking at Yelp.  I told him I was.  He said those sandwiches are from the old menu and it's a different menu now.  Fair enough, but not sure why the guy has ill feelings towards Yelp when that's what brought me in in the first place!All that said, I finally ended up getting the Pulled Squash.  Very out of the ordinary for me, and I was happy to try something unique.  It was amazingly good, and if I didn't know any better I would have said there was meat on this sandwich.  I'd love to go back and try other sandwiches, but I was kind of rubbed the wrong way by the guy working.Oh, and I'm pretty sure the guy was the owner. :/
5	5 stars is not enough for that glorious sandwich that just entered my belly. I had the cuban-esque on rye. I went with my GF who has been there before and she said it was the best sandwich she's had there. More like best sandwich I've had, Period. The Cuban-esque came with some pork belly and butt covered in some delicious sauces, and you'll even find the sandwich stuffed with some chips for an added crunch. There were other options for bread, but the rye was a great choice in my opinion. It was toasted to perfection!  The goodwich is a small shack off of Las Vegas blvd on the north end, so try not to miss it!
4	I took my boyfriend here for a pre-dinner snack after his long flight. I wasn't hungry, so I didn't order anything, but I ended up eating half his sandwich. Oops! Rude, I know, but after taking one bite of the cuban-esque, I needed more! This might just be the best sandwich I've ever had. The combo of the pork butt and belly with the ham, swiss and maystard is a must try. I'm normally not a big rye bread fan, but it pairs perfectly with the contents of this sandwich. I was here once before, and while I enjoyed it, I wasn't blown away like I was on my 2nd visit. The first time I had the foie sandwich - it was very flavorful, but it was pretty heavy to have on a whole sandwich. I also tried the patty, and the cream cheese was a nice touch, making it super a creamy, gooey topping for the meat. I'll be back to this little shack soon because that cuban-esque is calling my name! Hopefully they keep this one on the menu for a while, because I noticed they switched up the menu from the last time I was here.
5	I love the goodwich. The sandwiches are always perfect, the patty melt is my favorite. Unlike anything I've ever tasted, ground meat and cheese combined with other ingredients. So unbelievably delicious. I've never gone with anyone and they don't become huge fans themselves. Great food, great service.
3	First off, let me say that the service here is great cuz you talk directly to the owners (chefs) of Goodwich and they like to get compliments and/or dislikes into factor for their food. Foie sandwich - supa dupa rich.. I normally love foie (love it warm and buttery) but, I think it's a mind (fvck) thing here because the Foie is a patty/paste. Once I keep thinking about the texture, I couldn't stomach any more of it. Chicken skin - roomies absolutely loved it! It's chicken skin; what's not to love! I, on the other hand, couldn't eat more than 2 as it seemed too fattie for me. Le pig - It was too salty for my liking. Overall, my experience was good but, I think I just need to order something(s) else. Maybe something NOT salty.
5	We were originally going to eat at the Stratosphere but the menu wasn't what we were looking for and it seemed overpriced. We found the Goodwich on yelp and walked a few blocks down to it. We were NOT disappointed. Two sandwiches and two waters for about $20. We got the patty, which had tender juicy meat, gooey cheese, and a delicious flavor. We also got the chive turkey, which was unlike anything I have ever eaten--moist turkey breast, chicken skin (sounds gross but was amazing), housemade cheese spread, cranberries, and arugula. Served quick and hot. I was really sad when my sandwich was gone. Wish I lived closer so I could go more often!!!!
5	So take it for what it is, a sandwich place in a dive bar parking lot. This ain't Guy Savoy. That having been said, it's a freaking great sandwich place. I've been here 3-4 times and while I like some things better than the other (the asparagus and the egg being my favs) I appreciate that everything is hand made with great care and the service is great. You certainly could do much, much, much, much worse.
5	Simply great sandwiches.  The roasted turkey and beef sandwich (with cream cheese) were excellent. Kids liked the grilled cheese. These sandwiches were like having a chef making you his afternoon snack. If you ever go into a professional kitchen the cooks make food for themselves and sometimes it's better than the food on the menu. This reminded me of sharing a great meal with the guys in the back. This place is basically a kiosk on the border of downtown LV. Easy to miss. But close to everything. Server/Cook was very knowledgeable and loyal to the brand. Be careful for lunch line during the week. Go on Sunday. Worth the trip...most definitely.
5	I have been wanting to try this spot forever and it was well worth the wait. The guys working this sandwich stand are super friendly, and the service is pretty fast considering they're whipping up some pretty fancy sandwiches. I had a bacon and cheesy grits sandwich with a tomato spread on rye that was mind blowing. When you take a bite literally explodes flavor into your mouth. I can't wait to come back and try everything else!
5	I haven't found a better sandwich in Vegas than this tiny spot on the north end of the strip. It's across from the O.G. (i know, i know... you have NO idea what/where that is guys! *wink*,*wink*) and this spot is basically a food truck, sans the wheels. I have only been once, so i haven't got much of a chance to experience the menu - but the patty melt (+ an egg) which i got was delicious. You can chose your bread - opted for the rye, which was a great combo... What can i say - good tasting quality beef, melted cheeziness which didn't overpower the sandwich, and topped off with a fried egg. It was fantastic. Look forward to trying out more on the menu, although it will be hard to stray from getting what I already know to be great, but i guess that's a good problem to have.
5	This food cart has one of the greatest Reuben's I have ever had!!  Absolutely great service, amazing menu and some of the freshest ingredients!  Such an amazing find!  If you get a chance to stop by this cart (in the Dino's Bar parking lot across from OG's on Las Vegas Blvd) it is worth it!!
5	I love little stands like these that are on the grind. Been wanting to try this spot for a while and finally decided to give it a shot. The menu has had some recent changes bc I wanted to have the foie sandwich which is all over previous yelp reviews. If I were them I would always have a small stock and keep it limited for regulars or people fiending that sandwich. No where I have ever seen has a sandwich with foie gras.Anyways I had the Cuban esque today and it's exactly what I wanted. I love that they use classic thick slices of square bread. It really gives a true homestyle feel and deli type feeling to it to. If your a fan of Cuban sandwiches then surrender bc this sandwich is the truth. Menu has is priced from 3,5,7,9 Sammies and that doesn't include chips, drinks, or add one. Josh the owner is the man very honest guy and super chill to talk to. If you're a sandwich head like I am then head down here bc Vegas doesn't have many classic delis or sandwich spot staples like other cities do..
3	I tried the pulled squash sandwich, it was okay but had too many different flavors. It's a cool place though!
