5	In an area known for price gouging in exchange for breathtaking views, Isabela is refreshing.  You certainly get the view, but amazingly you also get great service and well-executed dishes.The chef presents a tasting menu (slightly different every day but more or less seasonal) of seven(I think) courses, of which you choose three from three options.  Each was thoughtful and not too busy--just elegant with great flavors.  Even the incredibly picky eaters ("eww, that cheese came from a goat!?!" --I'm not kidding) were happily surprised with their selections.I will admit that when I saw that there were some Asian-influenced items I winced.  Fusion is a fad, not a manner of displaying real culinary talent.  But those dishes weren't fusion, they were traditional techniques that used  Asian ingredients to enhance an established concept.  And it worked beautifully.The service was great--our server was there when we needed her and never when we didn't.  She anticipated our needs and even handled a sticky "re-cook" situation with poise and grace.  We arrived about 20 minutes before the place was actually open, and she made us feel welcome, and actually chatted with us for a moment or two.  Normally this would be a down-point, but she was very polite and didn't make it seem like she was trying to "buddy up" with us (my #1 peeve).The family who runs the restaurant is warm, friendly, and eager to tell you anything they can about the restaurant.  That they love what they're doing comes through with every action.The actual ambiance of the restaurant is a little unusual, but fascinating.  The entire free-standing building used to be a home long ago, then it was a show home for the condominium building across the street.  It was also a beauty salon at some point in time.  It's perched on the edge of Mt Washington, and of course it has a beautiful view as previously mentioned.This place is tiny--the first floor has a small dining room that seats fewer than twenty, and the main dining room on the second floor seats about 25-30.  Both dining rooms have huge picture windows to admire the view, and if you're lucky you may be there during a Pirate's game--they have fireworks afterwards that you can admire from your table!The most amazing part was seeing the kitchen.  Seriously, it's smaller than my closet.  Two guys, working their asses off, tripping over each other constantly, and putting out food that looks and tastes as good as it does--that deserves a serious round of applause.  If you're looking to seriously WOW someone, particularly someone from out of town, this is the place to go.
5	Get the 7 course meal... get the wine pairing... the best meal I ever thought would be possible in Pittsburgh!
1	Sad experience.  Spent 60.00 sending flowers to a guest reservation, restaurant manager and general manager both told me they bungled it and were very sorry but NO they don't really care much about helping me get a refund on flowers they lost.  Can't say this was a good experience or a good way to resolve a problem on their end.
5	This is my favorite Pittsburgh Restaurant.  One the few places where the food actually matches the fantastic view and it is the only place in pittsburgh where you might experience a four star  meal as if you were in new york or LA.   Tasting menu is the way to go.   Excellent place to bring a date.
5	Fantastic panoramic view of the city! Large glass windows, unbeatable service and ambiance.  The food was very spectacular. It is a flat price for a 7 course chef's tasting menu and I also opted for the wine pairing.The food is exquisitely presented and extremely tasty.  You will feel like royalty. I highly recommend this place!
3	*Meh* If it were not for the amazingly hot date I was with, I would have rated this place lower.My recent quickie trip to the Burgh meant that I intended that no matter what, I was going to see the Monongahela Incline, no matter what, and have to cram into that view a meal.We took a rather fun (And cheap) ride up the incline, then in walking up and down the touristy, overpriced "view" restaurants on the upside, we settled on Isabela.  It was a bit later than usual PA dining hours, 8:30pm on a Wednesday night.  The place was pretty dead, only 1 other table.+ 1 Star - Menu.  They have an outrageously priced multi-course prix fixe meal, but they also have some alla carte items.  Well thank heavens for that.- 1 Star - Service.  Nice maitre'd (or maybe he was the manager...) who greeted us downstairs (a little shocked at first that we just strolled in off the street, but he covered his surprise well and made us feel welcome). The table side staff was weak.  Waitress forgot, in this order: water, bread, butter, our 1 side dish we ordered, 2nd glass of wine we ordered.  And there was only 1 other table of 4 people in addition to ours.  Additionally, though I understand that the place was rather shutting down toward the end of our meal (we left by 10pm), it is still not okay to not check on us and for us to have to put lots of effort into waving you down.  There is a reason you are paid as a SERVER.  To SERVE.- 1 Star - Quality.  I just was not impressed.  My salad was tiny - just ridiculously small, and the lettuce had some grit to it.  Wash my dang lettuce, folks.  The ravioli started (just ONE ravioli? Are you serious?) was homemade, granted, but the dough was thick around the filling, making it more like a pierogi and not a very good one at that.  Dessert was not memorable.  My espresso was cold.  Come on! Geez!- 1 Star - Price.  I know, paying for the view.  But it was just too expensive and too mediocre to warrant the price.+1 Star - View.  I kept looking out the window and longing to have that view forever.  Just gorgeous.  Definitely a night time spot, on a clear night preferably.All in all, a place to go to once, maybe, for a romantic meal.  But just once.  Next time I think a picnic at the top of the incline would be better food though.
5	Definitely the best meal I've had in Pittsburgh, but that certainly does come at a high cost.  The tasting menu is great and when paired with that delightful view, makes for a quite a special meal/night.Splurge indeed but well worth it.
4	Isabela is a small, non cluttered-but inviting upscale restaurant.  The Pittsburgh view from any table is fantastic and you also have the open view to the kitchen where the husband and wife team of chefs cook your meal.  What an added treat to enhance the dining experience with the smells of fresh cooking.  Yes it is pricey but well worth the experience!  Enjoy the seven course dining experience and add the wine coupling.  Even at $110 a person- it is wow, a tasting adventure.  I must say the use of local fresh foods and exquisite selections make this meal fantastic.  At each course the flavors are so invigorating.  Small portions but- to enjoy each step- the portions were right on.  The Kobe beef cheeks- heavenly!! Also George Merrick the new owner takes a real investment in your experience, welcoming every table and thanking them for coming.  He also offers a picture op- and prints it out, places it in a very nice Isabela picture holder and gives you a nice present to remember this outstanding dining adventure.  I cant wait to come back and try the seasonal menu changes.  A true testiment to the atmosphere was our waitress who has worked here for seven years.  What a great way to enjoy your birthday!! Thanks George for the champagne.
5	Totally delightful experience, delectable food, warm friendly proprietor and staff and exceptional ambiance, especially being able to watch the sun set and night lights turn on in the city below this cliff hanging spot.  A real treat for this California visitor.
5	Great dining experience for visitors.   Of the Mt. Washington restaurants, Isabela on Grandview is my favorite (no disrespect to the other Mt. Washington restaurants...i like them too).  The restaurant is also popular for its view of the city & I would imagine a great place to watch fireworks.The 7 course dinner is phenomenal.  Isabelas offers ingredients and dishes unique to many of the restaurants in the area.  The sorbet is refreshing and light and I especially enjoyed the seafood course.  The courses are novel and presently very stylishly.
5	A lot of restaurants tout themselves as "fusion" but this is the first place I have been where I really believed it. Dining here was a genuine experience--each dish was an eyebrow raiser and I was more than happy to trust in the fixed price menu. If I remember correctly, there was still room for making choices here and there. My wife and I came here for her birthday on a Monday night. We were literally the only ones in the restaurant for half our meal, but we were there a bit early. View was very nice and I felt duly pampered by the wait staff. All in all, the food is indescribable--I won't even try. It's a nice balance of adventurous tastes and textures, but nothing intimidating. I would come again for a special occasion. Be prepared to drop a triple digit wad.
5	My new favorite restaurant in the 'Burgh!!  I grew up in Pittsburgh and get back to town about once a year.  I am going to be incorporating Isabela into my annual repertoire.    This place is amazing because it somehow manages to exude fanciness without a hint of stuffiness.  George, the owner, is one of the warmest guys you will ever meet.  The food, though, is what really steals the show.  I highly recommend the prix fixe menu in order to sample the full scope of what the amazing chefs can do.  The wine list is also fabulous.  I can't wait to go back!
4	I was in Pittsburgh for a weekend get away (do not underestimate the drawing power of the Burgh) and had a chance to enjoy a few of the city's restaurants.Isabela was not the first stop, but it was the culinary highlight up the trip.  I had the seven course "prix fixe" menu.  It was more like five course with a spoonful of sorbet and soup (amuse bouche).Isabela is known for the view and I must admit it was a nice view of the city, especially after it got dark and it started to light up.  The atmosphere was nice and the staff played it up.The seven course "prix fixe" menu consisted of four courses (appetizer, fish course, meat course, and dessert) with three options of which you get to choose one.  The other three courses (amuse bouche, sorbet, and salad) were the chef's choice.The meal started off with the chef's choice of amuse bouche.  This was a spoonful of butternut squash soup.  The soup was very flavorful and seasoned well.  I would have ordered a bowl of it.The next course was the appetizer course.  I chose the braised pork shank.  The pork came on a bed of very creamy polenta.  The pork was delicious and melt in your mouth tender.  There was also some type of hot sauce on the edge of the polenta that gave it a nice kick.  This was probably my favorite course.Up next was the fish course.  I chose the ono, because I had been wanting to try it ever since it was the secret ingredient on Iron Chef.  It was prepared rare like I would like my tuna.  I found the ono to be a little tough and chewy in the middle where it wasn't cooked.  I don't know if this is just the way ono is or if it wasn't prepared properly or if it was a bad piece of ono.  This was not my favorite course.The next course was the sorbet.  It was a melon sorbet that was very refreshing although they could have gave a little more.The fifth course was the meat course  For the meat course I chose the braised beef short rib.  The beef was delicious.  Along with the pork it was my favorite part of the meal.  It came with a barbecue sauce that was more like a paste, but the texture was actually pretty good.  My one criticism is there was too much of the sauce.  This beef was more than capable of standing on its own and too much of the sauce would have just overpowered it.Next was the salad course.  This was a tomato salad.  I am not a big fan of big tomato slices, but my SO really loved the salad.Finally we had the dessert course.  I choose the rice pudding with pistachio.  I thought it was very good and was a nice size for a dessert of that type.  Again, very good way to end a meal.My SO ordered different courses than I did and I had a chance to taste some of her selections.  For the meat course she ordered the pan roasted ostrich.  I have never had ostrich before and I found it to be a bit tough and gamey.  Everything else I tried was good but not great.  I definitely think I had the best selections with the pork shank and beef short rib.The service was pretty good until the end.  For some reason while the tables around us were asked if they wanted coffee or espresso, nobody asked us.  Additionally, the tables around us who finished their meals after us, received their checks before us.  I actually had to ask for the check when one of the staff walked by our table.Also, the owner was there and was very friendly if not a little overbearing.  He seemed to really enjoy his restaurant and wanted to make sure that everybody had a good time, but I still feel he was a little too present.Overall it was a very good experience and I would recommend it.  I think the chefs are very talented and creative.  The price actually isn't that bad for what you get.
2	The bf took me here for our one year anniversary... Gotta say, what a huge disappointment. Besides the amazing view and the fact that they introduced me to my favorite wine (fyi - Dom. des Trois Toits Muscadet Sevre et Maine), Isabela is NOT 5 stars in my book.Plain and simple: The food leaves something to be desired. Actually, it leaves a lot.Don't get me wrong... Service was great (although I've still experienced better). It's just that the food was SO forgettable. It was so forgettable that I forgot the name of the restaurant until I went back on Yelp to look for it. For a "5 star" rating, I'd expect better.I'm not from the Pitts, so I can objectively say that this is NOT a 4 or 5 star restaurant. It's an extremely overpriced 2 star restaurant (and again, I'm  talking strictly about the food here). Then again, it is in the Pitts, and the Pitts isn't a city known for its yummy fare.Save your money and go to a cafe in Shadyside instead... then go to the Grandview Park afterwards to enjoy a nice view of the city.
4	We went there last night for a surprise anniversary dinner the husband had organized! I had no idea what was transpiring, and spent a few minutes telling him there were no good restaurants on Mt Washington and we should go back to Shadyside to eat.Imagine my surprise- we are vegetarians with other dietary restrictions, and the chef at Isabela had apparently decided to indulge my husband's vegetarian-no eggs-little garlic-and please no Eggplant for main course request. We had a delightful seven course vegetarian meal, starting with the amuse bouche (mango slices in some kind of ginger-lemon-rosemary sauce). The butternut squash gratin was fair, but the roasted pumpkin with pomegranate that followed was delightful. The pomegranate cinnamon sorbet was excellent. The salad was alright. The dessert- Dark Chocolate tamarind Pot de Creme  with Sweet Chili Caviar was perfect.What stood out was the main course of polenta with wild mushroom ragu and green peppercorns- sublime. The service was attentive but not gushing. Not prepared for the fancy dinner, I was in jeans and a nice shirt, but did not feel awkward. The view is amazing and the wine list is decent. In all, it was more about the whole experience than the food- we'd go there again!
5	Isabela is a great place to take esteemed visitors and very special people. I have been there for many business dinners, and have always been happy with the food, wine, service, and the view. Especially the prix fixe menu is pricey, but it is well worth it for the right occasion (or if someone else pays for it).
2	Isabella's is a diva well past her prime.  When you're driving up to a restaurant and there's a ten-foot-long banner on the side that says, "Pittsburgh's Most Romantic Restaurant 2010," you know you're in trouble (nothing says romantic quite like a giant sign that says, "Romantic"). It's true the view of downtown PGH is sweeping, but the dining room felt like it was a set from the movie Network or American Psycho: time has not been kind to classy 80's interior design.Okay, the service. When our waitress first came over she asked if we wanted to hear "the restaurant's story." My dining companion had already been there and I honestly wasn't that interested. After saying we were good on the story she said, "Well, let me tell you anyway."And that she did; it was long-winded (the chefs cooked other places, they now cook here, etc.) and pretty boring. Throughout the rest of the meal we had to ask for water refills repeatedly and she didn't clear empty plates for ten minutes. However, she did manage to do a fancy fold on my companion's napkin the second he went to the bathroom. Whatever you do, don't let the napkin rest on the chair for even a moment! I don't know, it was like she took a Saturday morning high-end service class but got high right beforehand.Whoever conceived the menu at Isabela's knew what they were doing, but whoever they entrusted to execute it doesn't. The prix fixe menu is 7 courses ($70 per person) and you definitely get your money's worth if you're measuring in quantity: both of us were stuffed by the end of the meal. But if you're measuring by quality of food I'd say no. The shrimp soup was just a failure (the base was waaaayyyy too tangy to make sense), the steak and potatoes were doable and the ricotta cheese cake had oddly squishy bits of almonds crunch in it. The squid and octopus entree was creamy and remarkably delicious.If you find yourself here on a first date (as I did), or worse, if someone you've been with for any significant amount of time thinks you should spend your anniversary here, be sure to split a bottle of wine: it'll put a warm gloss on things.
5	Very intimate restaurant. Enjoyed the seven course meal with my wife. Highly recommend for a memorable experience on mt. Washington.
4	I went here for my brother's rehearsal dinner before his wedding and I was blown away by how lovely Pittsburgh is.  Not at all what I expected and the view of the city at night was just beautiful.  The service was great and the food was very good, especially for a large group of people.   Strangely the setting was very romantic on the 2nd floor and the decor was a bit divey on the 1st floor.  However, the end result was very delightful.
5	We were visiting some local friends in Pittsburgh and they had mentioned that Isabela on Grandview was one of Pittsburgh's restaurants with the most spectacular view of the city.  I made reservations for the four of us at 5pm with the hopes that we would be able to enjoy a sunset while enjoying our meal.  While Mother Nature did not cooperate with us, the view of the city at night was incredible.  The menu on Saturdays is a seven course prix fixe menu that includes very unique dishes with skate, quail, bison, etc.  We complemented the dinner with a specialized flight of four wines to pair perfectly with the dishes that we ordered.  The service was outstanding providing helpful information on the wine, dishes and restaurant and yet didn't intrude on us as we enjoyed our evening with our good friends.  An unusual feature for the restaurant is the husband/wife chefs who prepare the meals in full view of the clientele.  This added a personal touch that enhanced our experience.   Just keep in mind that the dining experience will be expensive so that you are not shocked when presented with the menu and final bill.  Personally, we could not have asked for a more perfect evening and I look forward to dining here again.
5	Just a wonderful experience,  We had the seven course prix fixe menu.  I wish I could remember the names off everything that we  had, but among the highlights were braised short ribs and a port tenderloin cooked to perfection. The main thing was that we dined in a very relaxed manner, trying smaller portions of some wonderful dishes.  I think for an extra $30-40 you could get wine parings with your various courses, but we chose not to indulge.  The other wonderful thing was taking the Duquesne Incline up to the restaurant which is a few doors away.  And  topping it all off was coming back down on the incline,  My boyfriend proposed to me (on his birthday no less).   I'm not saying that you will get a proposal, but you will get an outstanding meal in a beautiful space!
3	You can't complain about this view. It's really nice. The staff was friendly and helpful. They push the tasting menu pretty aggressively and with good reason; it's probably the right choice dollar for dollar. The food itself was decent. I started with a cold octopus salad. The texture of the octopus was a bit soft. Then I had a fish. The fish itself was perhaps a bit dry. Next was a duck leg. The skin was not as crispy as I expect. The dessert, a cheesecake, was good but I have had much better chocolate cheesecakes. The wine list is decent. I was disappointed by the knowledge of the staff on the wine list. They were unsure of what various (high end) bottles of wine were. This all reads rather poorly, but it's not a bad place. Not to mention that $70 for the tasting isn't off the charts expensive. Worth visiting if you want the view, otherwise probably not.
5	Great place with a great view of Pittsburgh at night.  We were one of the only people in the restaurant.  I got the 7 course meal, while my boyfriend got the steak.  Food was very good.   During the dessert round, my boyfriend proposed, so this place will always have a special place in my heart!  They brought us champagne to celebrate which was so sweet of them, and we enjoyed our romantic night together.  It's one of Pittsburgh's most romantic restaurants, that's for sure!One side note: We always try to find ways to save some extra $ so we parked at the Duquesne Incline parking lot (for FREE!) and took the round trip tram up to the top of Mount Washington.
4	Great experience at Isabela on Grandview. We made a reservation online and arrived about 30 minutes early expecting to have to wait, we headed for the bar, but the nice hostess said she already had a table for us. Then we were greeted with a warm handshake by the friendly owner, George. He walked us upstairs to our table. A few minutes later George took our picture that he later brought out to us in a cardboard frame. Now that is a really nice touch! (even though pretend boyfriend and I felt we both looked awful in the photo.) We were seated and instantly blown away with the view. You're sitting on top of Mount Washington with a panoramic view of the city. It's really stunning, especially at night. The view is what really sells this place. For dinner, we both chose the 7 course prix fixe meal. Then decided on one wine flight to share. Neither of us were disappointed with that meal. It was very relaxing, spread out over a few hours, romantic, and delicious. Dishes that stood out were: - scallops tartar - duck breast- ricotta crepes- rabbit and pork belly sausage- lamb stewThe staff were incredibly friendly and informative. (maybe a bit TOO informative on the wines -- we're not wine snobs.) Overall, fantastic. If you're planning a special occasion in PGH, this is your place.
5	Expensive, but the food is amazing and fun. Best restaurant on Mt. Washington!
2	Went here for a graduation dinner. The food is grossly overpriced and the decor reminded me of a converted doctor's office or 90's sitcom. Not what you'd expect on mount Washington.
5	One of the best dinners I've ever had, and with a spectacular view. Great service, awesome food. I recommend to anyone!
5	There is something about Isabela that feels truly special, from the moment we walked in and were humbly greeted by the owner, who then took our picture to keep as a memento once we were settled. I definitely recommend a window seat on the 2nd floor, the view is breathtaking! We only wished the lights were turned down just a bit, the glare only took away from the gorgeous skyline. It's hard to recommend dishes 'cuz I know the menu will change (it was COMPLETELY different from the website) but what I can tell you is to get the 7 course tasting menu. The fish/meats were perfectly cooked (curry duck, lobster,arctic char,sirloin) & desserts were spectacular (passion fruit cake, chocolate rosemary mousse). Service was also very memorable. At one point, my boyfriend got up to use the men's room and the waiter came by, re-folded his napkin and placed it on the table. You can also see the two chefs servicing the whole restaurant in  the kitchen, which was also very cool....
5	Ate here with a group of six for New Years Eve last night.  Salad was pretty ordinary, but otherwise the seven course meal was truly outstanding and the service was tremendous.  Easily the best meal that we've had in Pittsburgh.  We also did the wine pairing, which was excellent as well, and reasonably priced (a glass of champagne and four glasses of wine).
5	The staff and service were amazing. Very romantic restaurant and our table was right against the window with an incredible view of the city. The team serving our table were knowledgeable about the menu and the wine steward told the story behind each glass of wine in our wine flights. The prix fix menu was good, but not outstanding. The owner came up to us, personally greeted us and took our picture. He provided us with a copy  of the photo as well.Overall the experience was outstanding and I highly recommend Isabela's for a romantic night out.
5	An absolutely amazing dinner!  We were lucky to get a reservation (due to a cancellation) on Valentine's Day.  We both had the prix fixe option, so that we could taste a little bit of everything!Staff was fantastic, food was fantastic, and the view was amazing!  My favorite was the ricotta ravioli with truffles.  Delish!  I can't wait to go back again!
2	For all the hype, was very disappointed with the experience. The beautiful view does not make up for the poor food. As vegetarians, we never expect much while fine dining but we did expect much more from this place. Had to pay the fixed price for basically five types of salads, which were extremely small by the way. The food is definitely overpriced for the portions and the service was also poor. Our waiter only appeared about twice, while other servers brought our food, cleared our plates, and even took our bill. Having our picture taken was a nice gesture except no one knew how to properly use a camera and we ended up with a blurry photograph. Sadly disappointed because I really wanted to like Isabela.
4	I came here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend.  Excellent food, service, and view.  We had the $70 prix fixe and the 4-glass wine flight.  It was the right amount of food and wine.  The owner greeted us at the door, gave me a light-up heart pin, and took our picture, which we got right away.  We were fortunate to get a corner table by the window.  A nice place for a special occasion!
5	This was by far the best meal I've had. Everything was just perfect. My partner and I just celebrated our anniversary this evening by trying somewhere we hadn't been before. What and an absolute delight. We had the entire place to ourselves and the best table. We both opted for the seven course meal and honestly, each course was amazing. The staff was terribly friendly and went above and beyond to make this a very special evening. We plan on returning if the feeling of being so wonderfully full should ever pass. Again, I can't recommend this restaurant enough - please treat yourself.
2	Mixed feelings on this one. The food was good (just good), the service okay, and the building subpar. The 7-course prix fixe menu: Amuse bouche (lentil soup) was great, lobster risotto was a little weird (hot pink and the lobster was chewy, ever have that happen before?), the duck was okay, and the dessert (lemon poppy seed something) was fine. yes, that's only four, I already forgot what the other three were.The service was slow (potentially expected at a nice dinner), but bordering on unattentive. My wine glass was empty for up to 10 mins at a time, as was the water. The fun part is the owner, who is a great guy, took pictures for us and gave them to us in a frame at the end of dinner.The actual building itself is in horrible shape, although the view is amazing. Probably will not return again, if you're going to spend this much on dinner in Pittsburgh, should go to Eleven.
5	Came here with reservations for 4 ppl; no wait at all, we were seated right away. View was great and service was superb. Very elegant and warm service, setup, decor. The outside is not impressive, but the inside is nice and simple. It's always a prix fixe here where you choose a first course, a fish course, a main course, and a dessert; the chef chooses your amuse bouche, intermezzo and salad course. We had:First Course: tuna sashimi with a pickled papaya, napa and grapefruit salad. AWESOME! The tuna was so fresh and delicate, and the salad was light and delicious. The papaya with the tuna was out of this world. My husband got the ricotta ravioli first course with morel mushrooms and said it was fantastic too. Amuse Bouche: bleu cheese stuffed olive, fried, on a small bed of greens. Not bad.Fish Course: 2 of us had the soft shell crab with peas, pea sprouts and avocado mousse. Not bad.2 others had the halibut with golden yukon potatoes; very light and not bad. Neither of these was amazing though, but still they were good. Intermezzo: Yuzu Anise sorbet - amazing!Main Course:Leg of Lamb: mom said it was very good; it came with a piece of lamb liver though that seemed just ok. More that most of us don't enjoy liver all that much. Ribeye with greens and parmesan potato galette: I typically don't enjoy ribeye, but it was aged very well and so tender - one of the best steaks i've ever had. Dessert:Panna Cotta - not badChocolate Cake - OH MY WORD this was so indulgent and so wonderful. There was a long brick of chocolate cake, surrounded by peanut butter mousse, chocolate mousse, toasted fresh marshmallow, blackberries, and more pieces of dark and white chocolate. The dessert per person was so large, but every component was so delicious. Coffee: really good hereI also had a glass of merlot that was fantastic, and dad had a glass of chardonnay; didn't ask if it was good or not though; seemed good. All in all, this place rocks. Solid solid food, and the service is superb. The owner came by to say hello, and he took photos of each table and put it in a cardstock Isabela frame for you to take home. Seriously such good hospitality. Worth every penny. I would definitely come here again.
4	Took my wife here for Mother's Day and from the minute we walked in to the minute we left we loved it.  Great staff, amazing food and a one of kind view.  We chose the wine flight to accompany the courses and wrote down a few of them to try again.  Can't wait to go back!
5	I absolutely recommend this place. Great service, great food, great view, great people.
4	We had prix fixe menu.  Most items were excellent, but the scallops left much to be desired.
5	Came back here for our anniversary three years after our first visit. Food was just as amazing as we remembered it, but the room was much more lively. One large party and a few other couples. The meal takes a long time - there are many courses - but it's worth it to savor it. We went in the summer this time instead of winter and the menu reflected the season. Tasty greens and vegetables that I had never heard of made for a very unique meal but still very accessible. The wild mushrooms were mind blowing. The owner came out near the end of the meal and took a picture of us and gave it to us with his card in a nice folder. My wife was pregnant at the time-- they had complimentary champagne for our anniversary but they kindly swapped it out for sparkling cider when they learned that she was DD. I love this place. Expensive but the food is so memorable.
5	Fabulous location, fabulous service, delectable food, loved the wine selection, so enjoyed the atmosphere all with spectacular views!  No need to look around for parking, complimentary valet was also available.  Truly one of the best dining experiences in quite some time!
5	The view is great, like the other restaurants in Grandview but the exterior of the building is very deceiving. You wouldn't know how great this place is, even though small, from the inside if you just see it from the outside.  We went here for the first time for my boyfriend's 30th birthday to try the chef's tasting. The staff was nice and they even gave us champagne to celebrate the occasion. I can't give enough praise about the food. We ordered different things off the 7 course meal so we ended up trying 2 out of the 3 options. It was like a journey, the menu was planned well. My favorite would be the scallop for the appetizer, the halibut for the fish course, and I can't praise the duck enough! The papaya sorbet after the fish course was a good palate cleanser before the meat entree. Even the NY strip steak was unbelievable. For desserts, i recommend the blueberry and white chocolate, I didn't like the chocolate one as much since the chocolate tart pastry that holds the ganache is a bit hard.The meal is well worth it, proportion is about right not to make you too full for the next course. We will definitely come back here!
3	Let's be honest, in a place like this, you are paying for the view - and Isabella's delivers. Food was good, but nothing out of this world for such high prices (75 per person). My biggest complaint was the inconsistency in, well - everything. I went here with my girlfriend while we were strolling by. Again the view is amazing, and the owner was friendly, but the salmon was on par with the frozen stuff from the grocery store while the steak was very good (received rare instead of medium rare). Cheese plate with delicious cheese had seemingly random accompaniments, and the waitress forgot my beer. All these things can be overlooked for a 20-30 dollar meal but not at 70-80 dollars per person. I recommend saving your money and going to Le Mont down the street for a better value.
5	Fantastic 6 course meal. We enjoyed duck, quail, halibut, elk and some fantastic desserts. The view was fantastic on the second floor. The owner George was wonderful. Overall, a real dining experience.
5	No one would probably blame Isabela if they kind of skimped on an aspect or two of their restaurant. After all, their view overlooking Pittsburgh has to be one of the most incredible restaurant views in the world. But thankfully they're top notch from beginning to end.Having arrived in the area at around 6pm with no reservation, I decided to poke my head in to see if I could get a table. To my surprise, no one was there (guess I was early). I was greeted by a very friendly and engaging hostess who got a table ready for me despite no reservation. I was seated right next to the window with the previously mentioned amazing view. This alone was worth the visit. But the food was equally worth the stop too.My halibut was perfectly cooked in a kaffir lime sauce that was almost like green curry. Since I was doing the a-la-carte, I also ordered roasted broccolini that was perfectly roasted to a crispiness with the right amount of seasoning, and the chanterelle risotto which was absolutely divine. Service was just as friendly as the hostess, and was perfectly attentive. And prices were very reasonable given the quality of the food, level of service, and that view.Whether you're just visiting Pittsburgh or you live there and want a nice place for a special night, Isabela on Grandview is certainly a spot to go to. I've heard that the view on the 4th of July is absolutely amazing with fireworks being shot from the river. I'll definitely return should I make my way back to Pittsburgh.
5	Great experience! The food was very tasty and the portions are not too small or big for a multiple course dinner. The best part was the meat course, absolutely delicious, and then the dessert. We got a sorbet as pallet cleanser between the fish and meat course which was very refreshing.
5	My husband took me to Isabela's for my birthday a couple of weeks ago.  It was absolutely perfect.  Though, I would recommend getting reservations in advance.  We did the prix fixe menu and wine flight, which ran us a bit over $200.  I have to say that it was worth it.  The wait staff is amazing, the food was to die for, and the owner stopped by to take a photo of us.  But, the best part was the view.  It was incredible.  Even if you just stop in for dessert or an appetizer, you should definitely go just to see the amazing view.
5	One of the best spots in the city. View is phenomenal and even caught Friday night fireworks. Overall, food was fantastic (although we ordered a la carte). Started with a cheese platter that was very mild with strong crackers - would not recommend. But, then came the good stuff. Swordfish was steaky yet tender and not too fishy. The duck was some of the best I've ever had. Tasted the strip steak and that was cooked to perfection as well. Cheesecake for desert was perfect. Wine was reasonably priced and the selection, while small, was diverse. Also, we were started with a complementary glass of champagne. Came in assuming that we would be paying for the view with ok food. Was very pleasantly surprised that the food stole the show.
3	Magnificent view. Friendly and helpful service
3	ExThe place is very nice with a beautiful view. Had a great table. Service was very good. Did not feel rushed at all.Appetizer and salad were delicious. I ordered the salmon and my husband ordered the NY strip steak. My salmon was beautifully cooked. However, my husband received 3 small slices. It felt more of an appetizer than an entree.I wish restaurants would state on the menu that the customer will receive slices, not an actual steak. It is misleading. I understand they need to maximize profit, but 3 small slices? They can't throw in another slice??I prefer delicious quality meals over large portions. When I saw my husband's plate, I knew he would be leaving hungry and we wouldn't be coming back.
5	As a restaurant manager from San Francisco I can be very difficult to please. I actually looked for something to complain about and failed miserably. I really wanted to dine somewhere with a view and this is it. It has breathtaking views of downtown Pittsburgh from every table.Our server was Carly. She was wonderful and answered all of my questions with confidence and in detail. My date and I decided to go with the Chef's tasting menu and were not disappointed. Every course melted in my mouth and each flavor profile was paired perfectly with another..Little things I really appreciate like the clearing after each course, and explanation of dishes when they are dropped, refilling of water without asking... all added to the experience as a whole.To top off this amazing experience, George the owner came by to chat with us and take our photo. Owner/manager presence is so important and it also adds a VIP quality to the tasting adventure.I highly recommend this gem.What a refreshing, class act!
3	I understand that you are paying for the beautiful view and that it is but the food was good but nothing more. It was quite an experience but we will not be going back. The service was great and our favorite part was the wine pairing. Great choices. I am generally easy to please but when you are paying $75 for a seven course meal, I expect fantastic not good.
2	I consider myself quite easy to please, especially with food. Now, this restaurant was a completely disappointing experience. Part of it was probably my fault - I saw $$$$ signs and automatically assumed it would offer upscale dining experience. The view is good, probably the best in Pittsburgh, but I've lived in bigger cities, so the view itself wasn't too impressive. Now wine. My husband ordered a 2010 vintage red from the wine list. What our server brought was a 2011. She did not mention this until my husband pointed it out - from the looks of her face, I doubt she even knew about it. She said they did not have 2010 vintage, and could not offer lower price on 2011. No one came for an explanation. I thought it was unacceptable, but I did not want to disturb other customers eating in peace, so I didn't ask her further. Then the food. Scallops were ok but the broccoli was too burnt. I am aware of 'burnt broccoli' recipes, usually at home, but the menu didn't say I would be getting burnt broccoli. I honestly thought they were cauliflowers because it was too black. Then my steak...I ordered medium rare and my four pieces of ny strip sure looked like medium rare (red in the middle, pink in the outskirts)...but tasted like well done. Far from tender. My grill does a better job. Then the owner/general manager came to each table and offered to take a picture of dining guests...then he printed it out and gave it to us. it was a nice gesture, but definitely wasn't enough the make up for the less-than-impressive food. The best way to enjoy this place is to visit after dinner and have a cocktail, while enjoying the views.
4	We were exploring the city for the first time and as we were walking by, we dicided to stop in..turns out, we were the only people there.....and I have no idea why...it has a fantastic view of the city and the point....the food was exceptional and the service was very personable and friendly!  We loved it.
