4	finally, quality pizza! way better than that crappy, greasy, cafeteria pizza at "Secret Pizza." that should stay a secret...
4	They just opened a few days ago.  It's a pizza joint near the sports book.  You can eat there or get a slice to go.  I got the sausage and pepperoni.  Maybe I was starving and somewhat inebriated, but I thought it was so damn good that I kept wanting to go back for more.  Think New York.  Big, thin slice.  The crust was crispy with a good char.  I'm not kidding... of all the things I had while in Vegas, this pizza is what I'll miss most.
2	Had a late night craving. It was after midnight but they offer individual slices up til 2am. One velvet rope there and you have to guess which way to go in and order. I asked for one slice, pepperoni with sausage. I was told I had to take whatever was coming out of the oven. Okay?? Lucky there was a pepperoni coming out sans the sausage. 1 slice $5.50. The slice was a nice but 3.5 piece of pepperoni doesn't do it. They skimp on the toppings. For 5 bucks, the toppings should be plentiful, but this is not the case. Overall the taste was average. 6 out of 10 Nothing special. The crust was thin, crunchy and good. However, you will get much better at the Cosmo next door with their secret pizza place. Next time, I will take the walk there to satisfy my craving.
4	Got a chance to try Five 50 today on my buddy's poker comp dollars - the only way I would feel like I would eat a 28 dollar pizza :\The pizzas were excellent, both in quality and taste. Certainly, this isn't delivery pizza, and is a just a notch above a CPK. The crust is fluffy and yet at the same time crisp, and the toppings are clearly of a high quality.We tried the Blanca with spicy italian sausage and the Truffle as well. We enjoyed both of them thoroughly. Certainly, you are paying a premium here. 22 (cheese) to 29 (truffle) for a (non gigantic) pizza is at best considered "casino" pricing, and at worst, just flat out a rip-off. I don't think I could even justify coming here to spend 5.50 on a slice, as the slices aren't really "meal" sized like some places.We also had the pork belly appetizer, which, when digested with all the ingredients in a single bite, was just absolutely incredibly. Still, it would be 15 dollars had we been paying ourselves.In the end, it wasn't a bad experience at all - in fact, service was really good and we came away very happy. However, the bill without consideration of comps would have been 100 dollars before tip (3 beers too). That's a lot for a pizza meal! It was good, but not THAT good...
4	After our show, we decided to have a late dinner here.  It is a new place at Aria and we wanted to try it.  We were able to be seated right away without a reservation which was great. It did take our waiter quite a long time to come by the first time which was annoying but after that he was a little better.  They do only one size pizza - big!  You can pick one of the pre-made combos or do your own.  We did half pepperoni and half mushroom & olive.  I also had one of their drink combos - can't remember the name but it had rum, blackberrys and lemon in it.  It was yummy!  They have a full bar so you can order whatever.  They have an extensive beer and wine list too.  Their appetizers looked good.  Will have to order next time.  The music was a tad loud so hard to hear.  That was the only drawback, and the slow waiter too.  But overall we really enjoyed our meal and will be back.  They also sell pizzas by the slice at the counter.
3	Came here over the weekend and was excited to try Aria's new pizza place. I tried the Blanco and had a rum, lemon, blackberry drink (sorry I wish I remember the name of it!) The pizza flavor was unique, and enjoyable, the dough definitely fresh. The only thing was the amount of oil running down the slice, and the ingredients kept slipping off, I had to use fork and knife. Also while the crust was cooked to perfection, I felt that it was very doughy in the center, I could not hold the pizza and eat it with my hands because it would flop.  $14 drink was in a small glass, and tasted watered down. Go for the beer instead. Staff was amazing, as I believe all Aria staff are. Very attentive without hovering our table.
5	We visit Aria pretty regularly as my husband plays in their poker room often so we've been looking forward to this place opening up for a while.  Every casino needs a good casual place or two to eat that isn't the coffee shop.  (No, Bellagio, Olives doesn't count...)Anyway, all I can say is that this place is GREAT.  Now, we like a good straightforward cheese pizza, not all the bells and whistles, and theirs was honestly the best pizza either of us have had pretty much anywhere.  No lie.  This comes mostly from the crust which, on our pizza, was perfect.  Crisp on the bottom, yet still chewy, plenty of those great dough bubbles (you know what I'm talking about!), and really flavorful.  The sauce was delicious, not too spicy, not too sweet.  And the cheese was also perfectly flavorful, not super stringy like you get on a gimmicky cheap pizza, and not totally greasy like...well, like on Secret Pizza, a total grease bomb if you ask me.We had salads, too, and my beet salad was great.  Something special, if you want to splurge (which we did).  The atmosphere was pleasant, no blasting music like you get in some Vegas restaurants now, and there were games going over the bar so it felt comfortable and casual.  The service, in our case, was prompt and pleasant.So, yeah, all around, an emphatic five stars for a pizza place.  And I can't wait to go back.
4	Buddy and I ate here on Sat/13 Jul about 1:30 pm.- The complementary bread/cheesy bread twists were ok, and they did come with olive oil and a spicy dip.- We split a $28(?) Gotham pizza which was large enough to feed us both.  It was basically a pepperoni and sausage pizza.  - I'll give it 4-stars because it's inside the Aria, the food was good and service excellent, pricing fairly standard for a Strip eatery.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
4	Dinner 7/14 Ordered the shaved pork belly  for starters. Highly recommended. Then went with the Gotham Pizza. Pick off the sausage first then devoured the pizza. Solid meal. Like anything in Vegas it's overpriced but you can't go wrong. Good selection of draft beers as well. I'd go with the Ballast Point, Calico Amber. The service was stellar as well.
1	I had one slice of pepperoni and it was not edible.  Horrible, horrible pizza.  I also had to tell the guy to give me the one of the only two slices that were burnt that were on display.
2	We chose to eat at this new restaurant a couple of days after it had been open. Before I get ahead of myself, I wish I could rate service, food, and value separately, alas, I can not. Service 3 stars- our server was friendly and attentive, yet had very little food knowledge, and was slightly over bearing. Seriously dude, I know what kind of beer I like, although I appreciate your input, I chose it because I like it, not because "you suggested it". You want a gold star?  I get that it's a new restaurant too, but you should know what's in the food, especially since people could have allergies. Food-3 stars. Overall the food was alright, but everything was severely under seasoned, with no salt and pepper shakers on the table. Call me meek, but this is a chef run restaurant and I was not about to ask for them. Warm ricotta was just that, warmed up cheese. No herbs, no salt, just some EVOO. Yawn. The calamari looked delicious, until you picked it up with your fork and bam! All the "fritti" falls off, leaving you with oily, naked squid. The truffle pizza was probably the best part, although those potatoes, like everything else, really needed to be seasoned. Value 1 measly star-$22 for a cheese pizza, are you kidding me?  Even with strip pricing this is a little ridiculous. Our bill came out to be $90 for a snack, an app, a pizza, and a couple of beers. For that cost per person I could eat someplace a little less casual and a lot better tasting. Not to mention, you can get higher quality pizza right next door at Crystals for half the price with better flavor, more variety, and awesome service. Was it worth trying out the new spot? Sure. But there are way better options within walking distance.
4	The slice counter is awesome! Great value on higher end pizza on the strip. If you are not a fan of the greasy pepperoni and cheese from the other joints, give this a shot!
3	I was really excited when I heard there was going to be a new pizza restaurant opening up in Aria.  So I dropped in to check out this new pizza joint at Aria called Five50 with a friend after work. It is the second restaurant opened by Chef Shawn McClain (Sage) at Aria, so the expectation of excellent food was high.The Five50 name seems strange, but according to them is the ideal temperature for cooking your pizza in the oven (so is that Fahrenheit or Celsius?). And until just last week, 5:50pm was the start of their Happy Hour and the promotion was 50 cents beer.  Now HH is from 5PM to 5:50pm (is it still considered a happy HOUR if it only lasts 50 minutes).  $5.50 might also be the starting price of their pizza by the slice (don't hold to it in case I am mistaken, but it would fit the pattern of this gimmicky name). The restaurant is beautifully designed.  It looks great from the outside, although the "VIP" area near the back and by that "wall" is just too cramp to be fully functional.Service was friendly and efficient. Since the restaurant is still new, it also appears that they have way more staff on duty than are needed.  Will be interesting to see if the staffing level will remain at current level in 2-3 months.  After looking over the menu, which is mostly a beverage menu (the entire outside cover of the menu is the wine, beer, etc menu), while the inside menu consist of Snacks (5 items), Small Plates (your upscale appetizers), Salads, Pastas, Meat & Cheese, and the 8 pizza selections or you can customize your own.Tried the Forager Pizza (Mushrooms, Spinach, Rosemary, Whipped Ricotta) and it was good. The pizza crust was the star, while the toppings were quality it was also  not exactly generous.  If I was hungry and didn't have a late lunch, I can totally finish this 16" pizza myself and not break a AYCE sushi coma sweat.  So it was not even a challenge to split it with another person.If I come back I will want to try their Gotham and Truffle pizzas.  Their Small  Plates and Pasta items sound interesting too, which may actually be the more exciting offerings from Chef Shawn McClain's new pizza joint/craft beer sports bar.Food:  3.5/5  Quality ingredients used on tasty flat bread pizza, part of the overall tasty crunchy crust was sadly burnt.Creativity:  2.5/5  Nothing that I have not already seen done somewhere else.  Considering the talent of a chef that bested an American Iron Chef, I know this place has way more to offer in this department. Price/Value:  3/5  Casino pricing for the convenience of not having to walk or take a cab somewhere else.  If you want better value for your dining dollars, get a panini sandwich from Jean Philippe Patisserie (in Aria and Bellagio).Service: 3/5  Never had bad experience from any of the wait staff at Aria, but waitstaff could be better trained on what is offered on the menu.  Are breadsticks complimentary? If so, we didn't get any while we waited for the pizza.Decor:  3.5/5  Hip, upscale decor with dim lighting that fits the overall darker color scheme of Aria (not my style preference, but I just like the brighter more energetic look of other interior decorator's executed vision more).A-OK and perfect for guests in Aria and CityCenter complex.(Needs better HH)
5	Met a girlfriend for dinner. It is located in the Aria, right next to the sportbook. I rarely go into CC due to it being so difficult getting in to, but meeting my friend was totally worth it. I came in on a Friday, during a very stormy monsoon out on the Strip, As soon as I showed up Valet had to be closed due to the lightning and heavy rain. then I went into the self parking. The walk is a little long getting in there, but the food made-up for the long walk.Now to the food, I was impressed with this upscale pizza place! It had a fun vibe, and the decor was very nice. I tried the polenta with egg! YUMZ!For a salad we shared a beet, peach, frisee and hazelnut composition. Beets and peaches! Can't go wrong!My favorite was a bread with cheese and garlic sauce! I ate like 3 pieces! Carb overload right? The pizza was amazing, I believe it was the Gotham. Pepporoni and sausage. I absolutely loved the crust. It was chewy and crunchy at the same time, and you can just tell there's something different in the water they use. It couldn't have been Vegas water. We don't have crust that good with the water from the faucets in town. Idk what the secret is, but I loved it.For dessert we shared an ice cream sandwich and chocolate custard w lavender. The custard was yumz! Got thicker the further down you went:)  Not too impressed w the sandwich. The place is friendly and casual, still with a nice ambience. It was child friendly as well.  It was nice to see Chef Shawn putting his finishing touches on the pizzas and other dishes.
5	We made reservations at Five50 for 5:30pm on July 16th.  We were greeted by the friendly hostesses. We were escorted to one of the booths - very comfortable.First, we were served breadsticks and Artisan Sparkling Water.Then I enjoyed the excellent appetizers and salads. The Grilled Garlic Sausage with white beans and fennel salad was my favorite and I also enjoyed the Arugula & Fennel salad. The Tomato Salad and Pork Porchetta were enjoyable too. Note: There were 3 adults a toddler and infant in our party, so we shared the tastes.Our server, John, was professional, courteous and attended to our needs.I told him a type of beer I liked and I asked what he recommended. He said a Ballast Point on tap - smooth.We ordered two pizzas, a Truffle Pizza (more than mushrooms) and a Margherita Pizza topped with basil (my favorite of the two). The pizza was not greasy like some fast food delivery places. It was crisp and fine.Having something sweet to go with your pizza is a must.  I shared a Fried Zeppole with powdered lemon sugar and limoncello sabayon, and also the Milk-Chocolate-Lavender Custard dessert.The architecture was fascinating: the cylindrical features, variety of materials, and choice of artwork. In different areas, you have black and white tiles, a dark wood, a long chalkboard (possibly 2) with menu items and drinks listed, light wood, a mesh of wood or metal.We spent just under 90 minutes there. The All-Star Game was on the TV, but the TV wasn't "in your face" or the main focus of the restaurant. After paying the bill, and was getting up, I asked our server about the different types of seating, just because I wanted to know.  There is a private table for a group of about 10, some booths like the one we sat in, table seating from semi-private to what I would call "center of attention", and bar seating which is well spaced.  As we were leaving, I saw the counter area and the ovens set at Five50 that's [550 degrees Fahrenheit].  I saw Shawn McClain and it was good to talk to him for a few seconds.It's an excellent place to eat before an 8:00pm show, or any time for that matter.
3	Aria's response to secret pizza.We patronized the slice bar. The slices are smaller than secret pizza, and the crust was a little thicker. However, I enjoyed the wood fired aspect to it, and being someone who usually stays at Aria, I appreciated the convenience and lack of a long line.I would return to try the truffle pizza. The white pizza was a little overcooked and didn't seem worth it in my book.
3	$28 medium is too pricey for my pizza taste buds.Don't get me wrong, it was still pretty good.You get a few free (but tiny) breadsticks dipped in olive oil.They do have a full bar and TVs everywhere.Come here if you want to try something new, and only if you just won money at the tables or at the sportsbook next door.
4	Absolutely loved this place. Came here for dinner, however we opted for take out instead to save some time. Ordered a furgrov pizza, which had mushrooms spinach, rosemary, and ricotta. So yummy. It's New York style pizza with thin crust, just how I like my pizza. Since it is a pizza bar, they also offer individual slices for $5.50, hence the creative name. It's located in the Arya casino and resort. :)
5	Honestly, i am surprised by some of the reviews... Great food. Great service. Jason was our server and made our experience very fun! Great price point for the strip as well. We will be back!
5	Nothing makes me happier thatn pizza and a nice bottle of Italian wine. Five50 Pizza  has both. Really happy to have a casual dining pizza option in the Aria. General Manager Micah came over to our table to ensure everthing was going well. Super hospitable! We definitely will be back next time in Vegas!
5	Great food followed by great service! Great selection of wines with a wicked selection of beers, IPA's were top notch. Can't wait to go back! Shout out to Micah, the manager of the restaurant who was very attentive and made us feel at home. Try it peeps, you won't be disappointed!!
4	"Sex is kinda like pizza. When it's bad, it's still pretty good" - Stuart (Stephen Baldwin) from the movie "Threesome"I originally came for the 50 cent beer happy hour they have from 5-5:50pm and ended up with dinner.  The bar was packed when we rolled in at 5:20 but fortunately a couple of guys were leaving. My wife and I probably wouldn't have come here had it not been for this phenomenal deal on brew.  The reviews have been mixed at best and since there are now some pretty legit spots for pizza in LV, I wasn't exactly rushing to try any of this at strip prices.  The only thing that was pretty consistent with all the reviews was how good the crust was.  If that's the star of the whole damn pie, I figured I would just be screwing it up by adding things like truffle, clams, rosemary or broccoli rabe.  We went with their margherita (tomato, buffalo mozzarella and basil) with extra cheese.  I definitely wasn't getting good value since all the other pizzas with toppings were only $1-$5 more but we did have 8 beers for 50 cents each so that justified my whole deal.  The sauce was sweeter than usual which surprised me upon first bite but it worked.  Cheese was cheese and basil was basil and that was all just a vehicle for the crust.  The crust was really good.  I like it a little well done and there was a good balance of chewy and crunchy.See you sometime between 5 and 5:50!
3	Nothing great, but when you're tired from walking all over Vegas and want something savory and cargo loaded it'll do the trick! Anthony R. and I shared a slice of the Forger & Gotham. The Forager with whipped ricotta was creamy & packed with salty goodness(mushrooms are a pizza favorite for me). I enjoyed it more than the Gotham...it wasn't quite the meat lovers best:) All in all...nice quick grub in Aria.
1	Terrible pizza extremely disappointing especially from a James Beard Chef. The Forager was so greasy and under seasoned. Wonderful ingredients however poor execution, not impressed at all. Will stick to Settebello at least the pizza is seasoned and good!! The bread sticks are a palate killer and ruin your taste buds loaded with grease and spice. Little over priced in my opinion after 2 glasses of wine, beet salad, cheese and charcuterie $100 plus tip, the food and the service were both bland. Step it up we expect more out of a James Beard Chef, especially because Sage is incredible.
5	AAAmazing Pizza!! You can truly taste the quality ingredients.  Everything so yummy and fresh.  THE BEST Pizza in Las Vegas PERIOD.
4	I heard many good things about Five50 so I really wanted to try it when I came for my birthday weekend.It's Vegas and its in a casino so of course the prices are going to be higher than your average place.  They weren't too much more than I was expecting and I left completely satisfied with my meal.The service was very good.  The waiter and the guy helping him were very attentive and on top of things.I ordered one of their special drinks - Well Suited.  It was a deliciously sweet drink.  It's my birthday so I spent the $14 for it.My husband and I split the pepperoni arancini to start.  These were Ah-mazing. They give you a bechamel sauce and marinara sauce to dip in too.  They had great flavor and I could have eaten a million of them.  I want the recipe. We then got the Blanca pizza.  We are a sucker for white pizza.  It was very cheesy and tasty and the crust had good texture and flavor.  The oils from the pizza toppings mad it a little soft but that didn't bother me too much.  The pizzas are also bigger than your normal gourmet pizza place.  I was pleased with the size and was not hungry after eating.
5	Have you seen all my photos yet of Five50 food? Delicious!!!! try not to lick the photos! 550 Degrees for the oven temperature for the best pizzas! Come get some!
3	Came in looking to try out Aria's new casual pizza place. The concept had a lot of promise - a grab and go pizza joint located right next to the poker room, race & sports book, and casino. I redeemed MyVegas rewards to get what was billed as a slice and a beer for about 10,000 points. To redeem points,  you have to go to the mLife desk in the casino. The clerk gave me a $17 voucher good for whatever I wanted at Five50, which made me realize that a slice of pizza and a beer cost 17 dollars?!?!? I ended up redeeming for two slices of pizza and a bottle of diet coke for $15. I got the Gotham and the Margherita - both were good, but nothing I'd clamor to return for. They set up some round tables off to the side near the entrance to the Sports Book for people who just want to grab a quick slice. Frankly, I still prefer the pizza over at the Cosmopolitan's secret pizza place more, but Five50 is a decent option within Aria.
4	I came to Five50 pizza bar on Sunday to try their Restaurant Week lunch menu. I am super pleased with my experience. For $20.13 I received an amuse bouche of super addictive cheesy, garlic bread, a cup of white bean soup, 2 margherita pizza slices and a vanilla ice cream sandwich with a shot of blood orange soda.Everything was super delicious; the soup was nice and hearty (although I could've done without the dried herbs) and the pizza was super delicious. For dessert I expected a run-of-the-mill ice cream sandwich, what I got was a sandwich comprised of two galletes with vanilla ice cream, how cool is that? The blood orange soda is made in house and was amazing as well. The service was great as well; our waitress told us a ittle about the chf and asked us where else we were going to go for RW. She recommended Sage, which I tried at RW when it opened and is mind-blowing. In short, you must try their Restaurant Week menu, I dare say it's the best deal yet!
4	I had free $200 food and beverage credits linked to my room, and we had to use them at Aria, so we decided on Five50.  We had a party of ten, and were told to wait fifteen minutes.  When she finally announced that the table was ready, we were led to a round table in a secluded area, and were seated.  The reason why we waited fifteen minutes is beyond my knowledge, for the restaurant probably had less than ten diners excluding us.  Upon much contemplation, we agreed upon ordered four pizzas, and two pasta dishes to share.  The pizzas were the margherita, gotham, truffle, and north beach.  The pastas included the ricotta cavatelli, and a secret dish, not on the menu, which featured freshly arrived clams, and linguine.  The pizzas and pastas came out fairly quickly.  The pizzas were all very tasty, my favorite being the truffle and margherita.  One does not get to eat real truffles every day, so they were a welcome treat.  The margherita had a sweet and savory sauce, and the cheese was equally appealing to the palate.  However, the pastas, lacked anything they would deem them of a worthy restaurant quality dish.  The cavatelli was overpowered with a sour and salty lime taste that went into every spoonful.  On the other hand, the secret pasta lacked any flavor at all.  It was bland, and very oily.  -1 star for the disappointing pastas.  +4 stars for the excellent service and great tasting pizzas.
4	Here's what to know about Five50:- the daily happy "hour" of 50 cent beers for 50 minutes was a lot of fun. The whole bar bonded over pushing coins to the bartenders. When I went it was 312 Wheat Ale so it seems like they're not just pouring you ten ounces of coors light in a plastic cup. - the pizza is actually pretty good. It is a thin, crunchy crust, so if you're not into NY/east coast style than no dice for you. - beside the .50 beer, you will pay a lot for your beer and pizza.
5	Awesome pizza. Great bartenders. The happy hour 50 cent beers are terrific. Looking forward to coming back for dessert!
5	This was the perfect place to stumble upon for a late afternoon Bloody Mary and bite to eat in preparation for another night of endless fun.   We sat at the bar and enjoyed the banter with the bartenders as much as the extra spicy habanero drink.  Jessica, Jennifer and Dominique were friendly and very service minded.  What caught our attention to walk in was that the bar was sans slot machines in your face built into the bar!   When we arrived we were the only ones at the bar but quickly realized this is not such a hidden undiscovered hole in the wall bar/restaurant....by 5:00p when Happy hour was in full swing and beer on tap was 50 cents a glass the bar was 2-3 deep.  What made it a very memorable experience was how well our drinks were made, the Blanca pizza was to die for and the friendly service.  In fact, we went back for a second visit the next day and enjoyed the same experience.
3	So I got the chance to check out Five50 yesterday with my cousins. Theres been a lot of advertising and hype around this "pizza bar" so I was surprised to see how slow it was on a Saturday night. They converted the sports book into this restaurant and like everything at Aria it looks great. Stylish modern interior, comfortable seating, and friendly staff all made it an enjoyable experience. As Chef Shawn McClain's new spot, I had high expectations. I mean he did beat a Iron Chef right?We ordered the gotham and truffle pizza off their signature menu; like most pizzerias you can build your own as well. The 16 inch pizzas were thin and crispy and easily fed the four of us.Overall the pizza was good but not really worth the $30 they charge. I guess its not too bad considering that one pie can feed two people but I expected more for the price. You can probably get the same pizza at Grimadlis. In the end you are really just paying for the name and surroundings.They have a pretty good draft and bottled beer selection. The 50 cent beer happy hour they have from 5-5:50pm is a damn good deal if you are lucky to enough to find a seat. As the 3-star rating suggests, Five50 is a fine pizza joint but there are just so many more worthy places on the strip
3	While on a 5 day stay at nearby Vdara, my husband was looking forward to getting a slice of pizza.  Instead of just getting a slice, we decided to sit and eat.  Well, while it was ok, it wasn't the best compared to other places we ate.  First things came slowly and service was only ok.  We split a basic pizza, mushroom and peperoni; the flavor was great but the large slices and semi dried (over cooked maybe) peperoni cut the roof and other areas of my mouth.  I should have cut my slices but the dough was too tough and cutting was not an option unless I asked for a steak knife as I had already tried to cut the ends and gave up.  I love pizza but this just wasn't the best.
5	Awesome pizzas, but definitely order off the regular menu!!! The pastas are homemade, the giardinara is the bet I've had, and the desserts are created by the pastry chef from Sage! Homemade gelatos and ice cream sandwiches should not be missed!
5	Fabulous woodfire pizza!! All their late night over the counter pizzas were deeeelish!!! I killed 3 slices! And they are not small slices and Iam not a big girl, just have a great big appetite for good pizza!  Perfect crust, cheese galore, not too doughy w a good amount of sauce. Worth to eat there twice during my wknd stay!! Cheers!
4	I'm so happy I happened to see a guy carrying a slice because it was SOOO good!!  I grabbed a slice from the line (didn't sit down or get serviced) after zero wait.  There were four options available: margherita, blanca, forager (had mushrooms), and pepperoni.  I got the margherita and it was AMAZING!!  It was a generous slice that was definitely big enough to be a meal.  My friend came back later in the day and got the blanca slice.  Each slice was appropriately $5.50, $5.95 with tax.  I'd highly recommend it!  Yummm!
5	My new favorite pizza place!! Best pizza in the world! Better than NYC. Great drinks. Casual but fun! SO BOMB.
4	Great place to watch a football game and enjoy REALLY good pizza and beer. Only reason it's not 5stars is that service got slow when the place got busy. Took us 10-15mins just to get the check after we asked for it. But food is incredible! Get the Gotham and the Truffle. Also, the meatball app is killer. Chopped salad also tasty!
4	This pizzeria has been open for about 2 months.  Decided to come here after much hype.Good selection of beer--Intl & domestic--but not quite extensive as a Yardhouse...  Good wine options for a pizzeria, alas I don't drink wine with my pizza.  From 5 - 6pm, they have happy hour and offer 50 cents for a glass of selected draft beer.  The establishment picked up at 5pm....My party opted to have an appetizer.  At the recommendation of the uber-friendly bartender, we ordered the wood-fired clams & linguica sausage.  Clams cooked in a buttery broth.  Came with bread with baked on tomato and cheese.  Load up sausage, onions, and potato on the bread.  This works well after finishing the clams.For our pizza, we chose the Gotham.  Your traditional American pizza...  The crust was extra crispy and thin-thin--just the way I like it.  Given a choice, I would prefer the butteriness of JJ Dolan's crust though.  Generous cheese and zesty tomato sauce on the pizza.Every trip to Vegas, I try a new pizza joint.  I have to rank Five50 my #3 pizza in Vegas after Secret Pizza and Project Pie.  I would rate here #4 if I could remember the name of a small mom & pop pizzeria next to a liquor store about a mile down the strip.  That pizza was superb with a crumby & crunchy crust.  But not to digress away from Five50, the pizza here is worth trying.  Is it a must-stop for vegas?  Not sure about that...
4	At $5.50 for a single slice of pizza this place is a deal in the land of overpriced meals.  One slice is more than enough to fill you up for a few hours and the pizza was delicious to boot.  You have to order off a fixed menu if you want to purchase by the slice but they have something for everyone, including a vegetarian option.  You can also order a whole pie with your own toppings but expect to pay $35.00 MINIMUM for a basic 3 topping pie.
4	What a fun and hip spot outside the sportsbook at Aria.  We just had two slices-cheese with a white sauce and basil and meat.  Both were yummy.  I love the space and location and will be back!
5	I came here (gasp!) not for the pizza, and I was soooo impressed.This place does nothing cheap or low-end.  Every ingredient is carefully picked and often of the organic/sustainable variety.  The dishes are carefully thought-out, and pay close attention to flavor profiles and presentation.  The meat and cheese plate was fantastic, the polenta is an absolute must here, and the clams were just great.  Way better than expected beer and wine list too.  The servers know their stuff.  Foodies will love it here.  The price is right for what you get, which is a nice surprise too, considering I expected more of a Strip mark-up.Thank you 550 for not catering to the drunk slob crowd, but still finding a way to please them too.
5	I like that you can come off the strip and enjoy a freshly made pizza.  It's a bit pricey but what isn't on the strip? That being said if aren't looking to spend $5.50 on a pizza slice, don't come here. Write a bad review just because of the price. It deserves a fair rating, if your food was horrible or screwed up in some way alright.  But complaining it's expensive or too greasy.. come on. That's silly.The ingredients are the real deal here. Sam was our waiter he was really cool and wasn't the non existent guy in the background.   We had a Meatball, Ricotta and Mozzarella with light sauce.  He complimented us on our choice and mentioned the Meatball was made with veal. WHOA. that's something I haven't had in awhile since we moved out here! I really liked the service and we earned points on our M life cards.  Great experience.UPDATE: Vegas Chatter wrote a review Five50 VS Pizza Rock! Click the link below.http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2014/7/30/13017/1083/vegas-travel/Go+Here,+Not+Here%3A+FIVE50+vs.+Pizza+Rock
2	So much life in the city, you won't believeBeen awake for some days now, no time to sleepIf your heart is a pillow, this love's the bedTell me what is the music, inside my head at...Five50 Pizza! - Chris Brown (don't wake me up)I've stayed at the Aria for the past 3 or 4 trips since this place opened earlier in the summer and hadn't gotten a chance to try this place yet until now. After eating here, I kind of wish I was either drunk at the time or craving a quick bite or maybe buzzed or about to pass out from too much fun because the pizza was just not that good.First off, the appetizer options on their lunch menu is almost non-existent. I saw maybe some garlic bread and salads and meat and cheeses but not even calamari or something interesting? Kind of a big deal, especially since these pizzas take a while to make. We ordered two pizzas, one with red sauce and one with white sauce. The cool thing is that they let you mix two different kinds of pizzas into one if they have the same sauce so we did just that. Half of one pizza had clams and the other was more of a meat pizza. The other one we tried was a white truffle pizza that had truffle salami and truffle shavings sprinkled throughout. Oh my....everything was so salty!! Not to mention that we couldn't eat half the crusts because they were burnt from the wood fire ovens. The portions were bigger than expected but since we don't like wasting food, it just made us eat more of these salt monsters. When this place opened months ago in its infancy, the reviews were not very good at all. I was bummed until I saw that the reviews recently have been much more well received so I thought it was a soft opening type thing. NOPE!!! It's ok - I very rarely eat pizza in Vegas anyways but if someone were to ask me, I would say go to the Cosmo secret pizza place instead.glass half full --- grab a slice that's already prepared with a beer and head over to the sportsbook right next door
4	This pizza joint is basically an extension of the Aria' sports book. And as such, it is as loud as a sports book. When we visited, the place was largely empty. There was a Sunday night football game on, and they had it cranked to 11. They have a decent array of TVs, so if taking in a sporting event and eating some choice pizza is your thing, then get your moneymaker over to Five50, pronto. On our visit we shared a salad and a few small plates. The chopped salad was fine. The calamari was way over-breaded - think fish 'n chips beer batter. The octopus crostini was outstanding. It is like a delicious octopus bruschetta. We went with the Forager as our pizza option. Lordy, was it a good choice. The dough is charred and chewy - similar to Neapolitan style. The pizza had a great smoky flavor and the Brussels sprout leaves scattered about the pie were the perfect compliment. After biting into this masterpiece, I was regretting the decision to order the small plates, as I would have loved to try another of the pizza creations. Overall, the atmosphere was not my bag, the small plates were a mixed bag, but the pizza, oh my, the pizza was the baggest bag of them all!
4	I like! Keep in mind this is based on eating a slice at 2am while half crocked, but what a slice it was - perfectly charred crust, gooey quality mozzarella, right amount of sauce and hot out of their brick oven!
4	This was our first dinner in Vegas. We had gotten in late due to a delayed flight and were starving. We walked in and got seated immediately. Then we were impressed with a beer menu, there were some we recognized and some we don't get out here. So, we experimented with a couple unusual choices and then stared at the menu.The menu is small-ish but appears well chosen. We had the blanca pizza and were finely rewarded. It was one of the best white pizzas I have ever had, the crust was thin and crispy, the sauce was very tasty and the toppings were perfect. There is also a slice bar which is open longer than the full-service restaurant. So if you need a late night bite, it might be your baby.
5	I was hesitant to try pizza in Vegas as there are so many other options to try.  We were looking for a light lunch and a slice of margherita pizza hit the spot  It was a cute place to watch a football game, have a beer and slice of pizza to get away from the smokiness of the casinos.  What can I say, I'm a sucker for thin crust, brick oven pizza.  I recommend this to anyone who stops by the Aria.
4	Good pizza!!
2	Ate here in August. We Always stay at Aria. Got the pepperoni & house sausage pizza. We were surprised the crust was chewy after being cooked in a wood-fired oven & the toppings were quite greasy. Really a let down for the place & price!!!
2	Came here after soaking up the sun in the Aria where we were staying in las vegas.  We were going for a later meal, wanted something casual that wasn't a buffet and one of the casino employees mentioned this place had good pizza so the other non-New Yorkers were lured in (as someone who has had fantastic pizza here in NYC and Chicago I was skeptical).We were promptly seated (for a party of 8 we had our own private dining area), and our waitress was very prompt and attentive to our table.  They have a small menu, but it catered to our different dietary restrictions (some were doing a Paeleo diet, some were doing low carb, some were vegetarian... it's hard to please 8 women sometimes!).I ended up getting the sausage and peppers sandwich, the well suited, and a few of us tried the margharetia pizza .   The drink was nice and strong, and was the best part of my meal.  The sausage and peppers sandwich was flavorful, though the amount of bread was overwhelming to the amount of sausage and pepers within the sandwich so it was mostly bread.  The pizza, though we requested it be cut in 8 (usually their pies are cut in 6), was cut oddly so it wasn't an equitable division of pizza amongst our party (so we ended up cutting some slices in half), however the taste was bland and the crust though well done on the edges, could have been cooked a bit more and tasted a bit raw.So for a quick casual bite I would say ok, however this wouldn't rank very highly in my list of places to eat while in Vegas.
4	Brussels sprout salad.  It called my name as I indecisively scanned the menu 10 times.  Pretty blonde lady at the To Go counter takes my order with a genuine smile. 15 minutes for a salad? Ok, I'll turn in my receipts for MLife points and watch the end of the game. Ready to grub...uh that's quite a small portion for a $15 salad. But, first bite in all skepticism dissipates.Deliciously unique flavor combination. Sliced pear, shaved brussels spouts, walnuts, arugula, blanched celery, BACON...wait, was that a schmear of walnut butter on the bottom of the dish? Oh, yes it was. Paired with a slice of the Forager. Perfection. Need meat? Gotham. Bomb.I took my food into the Sports Book to sit on the comfy couches and it was a glorious experience for all of my 6 senses.
3	Walking through Aria, we saw numerous huge pizza boxes leaving Five50.  Upon further inspection, we determined that the menu looked pretty good, and that it looked like Neapolitan style pizza cooked in a pizza oven- our favourite!We didn't make a reservation, and ended up waiting about 20 minutes before being seated.  Funny, because when we were seated, we found that probably 30% of the restaurant's tables were empty.  Maybe they were understaffed on this particular Saturday night?The server we did have was extremely slow at everything from taking our order to bringing out our drinks and refilling our water, and then finally taking forever to bring our bill.There were four of us, and we each had ceaser salads, and determined that we'd share the truffle and margherita pizzas.  The salads were great, no complaints there, as was the margherita pizza.  The truffle pizza was completely overwhelming, and I think it has put me off truffles for a little while!  Too much truffle!!Ultimately, looking back on how much time we spent debating over which pizzas to choose, I think some of the choices were a little too "out there" and there seemed to be something on each one of them that one of our group couldn't handle.Definitely wouldn't return to Five50, considering all of the other choices for food in Vegas.  To get more stars in Vegas I have to leave feeling not only satisfied, but like I'd return for another meal.
3	Check out the 50 cent beer happy hour, poorly advertised, but great value! The pizzas are great, only downside was the dessert menu, overpriced and small portions. If the restaurant could work on making sure their customers can end their meal on a sweet (fairly priced) note, this place would get more stars!
4	After many drinks in me, I was craving pizza, which is my standard fare of food when under the influence of alcohol. Luckily my friend agreed and we had not gone to Aria yet during our trip, and Yelp directed us here.Admist the casino and other dining options, located next door to the sports bar area, we were told it would be a 15 minute wait but then called immediately. Score!We were seated and given drinks shortly after. We saw the table next to us of 3 young boys (10-12) given 3 large pizzas for the 3 of them! We were in shock as they annhilated all 3 pies! they all passed out right after, and it was fun free entertainment.My friend and I shared their caeser salad, which was really good but glad we asked for the dressing on the side. If you're not a fan of anchovies, avoid this salad as it's really strong. They also provide a side of egg yolk for the dressing as well, but we didn't touch it.We then asked if we could do a half and half pizza as I'm a white sauce fan, friend is not. The waitress warned us that it would turn pink in the middle and we were okay with that. When I ordered the forager (mushrooms, bacon, spinach) and my friend ordered the margherita, the waitress then told us the whole pink sauce again (within 30 seconds of telling us the first time) and again, we told her it was okay.Pizza arrived not too long later, and can't go wrong with woodfired pizzas. Mine was slightly burnt around certain parts, but it was super tasty. Hit the spot. My friend's margherita was excellent as well. I couldn't even finish 2 of the 3 slices, so we took it to go and it was a great midnight snack. The pizza was around $26 which was not bad at all.They also had a huge line for pizza slices to go (and table top seating) which is super smart for people who need a quick bite or craving after drinking.
4	Solid pizza considering this is Las Vegas. For a Chicago chef I expected more, but definitely a better alternative to Grimaldis.
5	Go to Cosmo secret Pizza if you're drunk and in a hurry, go here if you want a sit down pizza. Drink menu was amazing. We usually go to cosmo secret pizza and went here because the line was WAY to long, you will not be disappointed. UMM don't go to a pizza place for bread sticks, go for pizza. Staff was very friendly and made the experience fun. Ate leftover next day, made for a good hangover meal.
4	Came here for dinner when it wasn't too busy, pretty decent food, but I feel it's pretty pricey for pizza.  We got appetizers of the fried calamari and the pigs and truffles, i didn't really like the calamari, it was just too much batter and hardly any actual squid.  I did like the pigs and truffles- the spinach was delicious underneath and the sauce they use just brought everything together really well.  Don't be fooled though because it's actually quite small, at least for $24We ordered the Gotham and the Forager.  I was definitely a huge fan of the forager, the cheese was cooked to perfection, deliciousness in every bite, i did wish that they had a bit more of the mushroom though.   Gotham is definitely for the meatlovers, it's pretty good too but a bit greasy compared to the Forager, but both definitely worth trying. I wouldn't suggest coming to this place EVERYTIME, but if you haven't been, i would say it's worth checking out. :)  Apparently they have a pretty good happy hour but I don't know the details for it since we went during dinner time.
5	Great choice after a long night of drinking and dancing, the joint for a late night craving!!! Crust is a perfect thin pizza, not to thin just perfect. Cheese is fresh and silky, sauce is just right, Gotham was great but the Margherita just was right for a night of drinks.
4	Craving pizza in Vegas is a tough position to be in because there seem to be a bunch of low end, quick options but not quality picks. We were really satisfied by the unique combinations available here and the high quality of the ingredients that they used on the pizzas. The server was very attentive and friendly and there was actually a small selection of craft beer of tap (a rarity in Vegas, where cheap beer and yards of icy drinks are the norm). Sadly, we discovered this at the end of our trip, or else I could have been persuaded to visit again to try a different pie.
4	Stayed at Aria and decided to have dinner at this place since I've seen plenty great reviews on Yelp.  Needless to say, our Yelpers are right on the money.  This place, not only has great service and attentive servers, they also have really great pizza!  Ordered the GOTHAM.  Didn't disappoint.  Had cravings for it the next day. Yummy.
4	Craving pizza in Vegas is a tough position to be in because there seem to be a bunch of low end, quick options but not quality picks. We were really satisfied by the unique combinations available here and the high quality of the ingredients that they used on the pizzas. The server was very attentive and friendly and there was actually a small selection of craft beer of tap (a rarity in Vegas, where cheap beer and yards of icy drinks are the norm). Sadly, we discovered this at ghe
3	Located in Aria Pros:- No lines- Can order to go if you wanna leave to your room- 16 inch pie is SUPER large so share it with 3 or more peopleCons:- The gotham pizza took 30 minutes to come out- It was really really really oily, which may be a pro if you're drunk but for lunch, it's too heavy- $$$, but buying a whole pizza is cheaper than buying by the slice
5	Great pizza!  Great staff & service! Great venue to watch the game!
4	Why has no one opened a decent pizza place around here before? This place is brilliant--they've got to be making money hand over fist. The pizza is GOOD. And it's exactly what one wants after a night in Vegas. Over a four-day stay, we came here five times (ordered at the counter and munched our pizza on the way to where ever we were off to). I kid you not. And we will be back.
2	I don't understand why they make people wait when the restaurant has plenty of empty tables. Additionally, I don't know why they put tables so close together then we someone is seated right next to us, two couples pretty much got up and left. And there were plenty of other tables to be seated at. The service was not up to par.For that nonsense, this place gets a single "*" However, the marguetta pizza was delicious with a great crust and the meatball app was very tasty. I find the front of the house operations were poor.
1	Came here for a late night snack....and thank goodness we came right before midnight on a Saturday night because the restaurant closes at midnight.  Really? This is Vegas! Nothing should ever close!We perused the menu and didn't think it was worth sitting down in the restaurant when it was just the two of us so stood in the line for pizza by the slice.  We got one slice of all the pizzas available...so there was barely any pizza left after we finished.  We came during the rush so you would think they would be preparing more pizzas.  We noticed that the person who ordered before us had their pizza warmed up.  This was never offered to us.  The pizza slices aren't too expensive but for how greasy and bland the pizza is, I wouldn't have even paid the $6/slice and would have just starved until the morning and eaten at a buffet.The white pizza was gross (cold, hard/flavorless cheese).  The slice with sausage and pizza was greasy.  The margherita pizza was completely forgettable.  Eating here just made me angry thinking about the other pizza option across the way...Accept no imitations.  There's only one true great pizza in Vegas.  And this place isn't it.
5	The pizza was so delicious! Gourmet and sinful. Came on a Sunday night to meet friends for dinner and drinks. Our waiter was excellent, not fake or over the top, but super knowledgeable and efficient. It was busy, prime time, so we did wait a while for stuff to show up at the table, but we were there to relax and have good conversation, so nobody minded waiting. Plus, the pizza chefs are back there making everything from scratch, so you know, it takes time. My Bloody Mary was perfect. The Caesar salad was incredible. We ordered three pizzas and they were all to die for. We ordered two desserts, which were both splendid. Afterwards, the waiter was very kind about taking photos of our little group for us. What more could you want? Yeah, it's oily.Sure, it's fattening.It was a little bit of a wait at times for food to arrive. They're busy, because it's really good. Have a cocktail and enjoy being out!(Also, they have tons of pizza by-the-slice business, so all in all, I think they were doing a great job of handling the rush.)I would recommend this place to anyone coming to Vegas looking for epic pizza.
5	Awesome place!  Great food, great staff.  Aaron was very knowledgable about the entire menu and was very helpful.  If you have the opportunity, check out this spot while in Vegas, do it!  I highly recommend the Gotham and/or Farmstead.
5	This is the best pizza ever. I am originally from NYC and used to think it was Johns in the Village but I am changing my mind.
1	Stayed at the Aria for the weekend and after many meals in some of the higher end restaurants we decided to check out Five 50 for something a little cheaper and easier.  We went there on Sunday around noon to grab some lunch.To start off, the girl at the register was extremely rude and seemed as though she just didn't want to be bothered.  We both got a couple of slices of the Mushroom Cheese pizza.  The girl pulled it out and didn't even bother to put it in the oven to warm it up so we assumed it must have been still hot already.  We also asked could we get it to go so that we could go back to our room and eat it and she just handed it to use on a couple of paper plates.  When I asked her could we get it in one of the boxes she looked annoyed and gave us one of the smaller boxes to stuff 4 giant pizza slices into.  Overall probably the worst customer experience I had at any of the restaurants in the Aria.Now as for the food.  I was again disappointed.  I know it's pizza so I don't expect some high-end gourmet meal but this stuff was just bad.  It was cold, soaked in grease/oil, and almost rubbery tasting.  It's extremely heavy so I do not at all recommend this place if you care about your health.  This might rank among the worst pizza I've ever had and I've had a lot.  Overall I would highly recommend you stay away from this place. At least when it comes to the pizza they serve upfront.  Even the low end looking pizza restaurant across the street next to the Walgreens tasted better and that was surprising considering that Five 50 is inside the Aria with all those other quality restaurants.  A combination of bad service and bad food is never a good thing.  Not recommended.
3	Grab a slice to go of this decent wood fired pizza and a coffee and you have a great hangover cure. cant go wrong with simple quality ingredients!The lines get long in the evening especially when the Cirque show finishes as many people are famished and want a quick bite to eat.
4	Very nice and relaxing atmosphere.  Pizza and garlic bread were very good.  312 on tap was nice.
4	This is a nice addition to the food choices at Aria.  We were sat quickly and our server was friendly and helpful.We started off with some meat and cheese.  We chose the chorizo rioja and the rogue river blue.  Both the cheese and meat had great flavor.For my pizza I chose The Gotham.  It comes with pepperoni, sausage, salami, mozzarella, and grana padana.  It is a good pizza.  It has a relatively thin crust and the sauce has good flavor.  The toppings and cheese provide a good assortment of flavors.  Two people could likely split a pizza especially if you get a salad or appetizers.
5	This is just a review for their walk up, by the slice pizza. Quick and very, very good pizza. I tired the Forager and my girlfriend the Margarita pizza and it was delicious. Fast and easy, and just enough greasy.
3	So I don't eat cheese nor pork. I asked if they can make me a pesto pizza with tofu cheese and they had no pesto nor tofu cheese. Non of their sausages are made of chicken.  Can a lactose intolerant and allergic to pork person be considered next time. :/ service was ok, on of the girls didn't know that cheese came cow.
5	This place near the casino makes fantastic pizza! We wanted to get some good food without spending a lot and get out quickly so we decided to try this place. We were seated at the table in about 10 minutes and ordered a margarita pizza. The pizza came out quickly and the crust was amazing. Perfectly done, with the right amount of crunchiness. I have had some neopolitan pizzas that are too soggy, but this was awesome, eat with your hands style pizza, no fork needed. Very good taste - nothing crazy, just good pizza at a decent price. If you sit down be prepared to sit closely next to other people, the tables are set pretty tight together. Aria has good food choices and this place does not disappoint!
2	Yeesh, my second visit to this place bared little resemblance to the first. Most polarizing was the service. Our server was nice enough, but she was completely clueless (forgetting multiple things) and ever so slow (with a section that was not full). Additionally, the quality of the pizza was not up to the same high standards of the first visit. I will probably give this joint another chance, but will be much more reluctant now.
4	Had the bucatini it was great.  My girlfriend had the pizza it took long to come out but it was great as well.  Fun place to go.  Very loud and crowded on football game days.
5	After a long day, and running around, my go to meal is always Pizza. For a quick slice I made my way over.  I only wanted a piece to go. They had four pizzas to choose from. They each looked great.  I went with the meat lovers pizza, see the picture.  The pizzas appear to be from a fire oven. I feel that adds a little extra taste, as long as it is not burned.  Also, they were not just out of the oven, so they had time to set. This was truly a great pizza. 9.5/10While I ordered the pizza to go, they have a few standing tables to eat your slice.  Also, just around the corner is a cafe you can sit down to eat. Ciao
4	OKYou will pay about $30 for a pizza. Kind of crazy, but you are in a casino-hotel. It is very good. We split one with half classic cheese and tomato and half with truffles. This is a good pie. I enjoyed it, and I am a pizza snob.The small plates for starters are good. They are just REALLY small for the three people.Good place. Nice service. No complaints!
5	Awesome pizza!
2	We decided to use our My Vegas rewards to cash in for the slice of pizza and a pint of beer at Five 50.  It's 10000 points which seemed like a decent price for lunch.  We arrived at 11am and went to the hostess stand for the restaurant and told her we were there for the My Vegas deal.  She said the restaurant was not open and to go to the walk up place.  We did.  The person there acted confused and started to say they weren't open, but of course, there were pizzas sitting there, so that made no sense.  She told us that the place where they get the beer is under construction so she had to go get the beers from the bar in the restaurant (like 20 feet away).  We're like, "OK".  Then she says you can have Bud LIght or 3-2-1.  So what we weren't sure about because she was not very clear and it was really loud in there from the overhead music was if we could only have Bud LIght or 3-2-1 because the regular beer thing was closed or if that is all you get on this deal.  Either way that sucked.  If you're using an offer like this to advertise your business, giving me shitty beer is a sure way to not impress me enough to come back.Next, to the pizza.  There were four options.  I chose the mushroom and spinach with a white sauce and the husband had the many meats selection.  They stick the pieces into the over to heat them for a couple of minutes.  Then since we were told the restaurant was closed, we took our food to the sports book to eat at a table there.  The pizza was fine.  It's that thin crust type which is not my favorite.  The ingredients seemed good, but between the crap beer and the ok pizza and weird service, I have no desire to return.  Then we were checking out the restaurant hours and it said they opened at 11am... sooooo,  Okay then.  Whatever.Flakey and meh food and drink in one of my least favorite casinos.  Probably will not be back. Can't recommend.
2	It's a shame. A crying shame. How do you mess up pizza? Clever name, Five50 (the temp of the oven) and the name Shawn McClain attached to this, how can this be so bad? I thought Sage was terribly overrated, but I had high hopes for Five50. We started out with a couple apps, sampled four different pies (which we we able to do halves on) and finished with a few desserts.Small Plates:Pepperoni Arancini- Rice Balls, Red Sauce and Roasted Garlic Aioli. $12. Three small arancinis, they were pretty good.Pigs and Truffles- Pork Shoulder Cannelloni, Bordeaux Spinach, Bechamel and Summer Truffles. $18.  I'm a sucker for bechamel. That intrigued me more than the truffles. This was pretty outstanding.Signature Pizzas are 16". North Beach- Clams, Smoked Mozzarella, Sweet Onions, Oregano. By far one of the weirdest tasting pizzas I've ever had. I think what threw me off the most was the sauce. I'm used to a clam pizza with a white sauce. The red sauce did not pair well, even worse was the smoked mozzarella. I felt like I was eating BBQ. It was terrible.Blanca- Mozzarella, Ricotta, Bel Paese, White Chedder, Olive Oil, Garlic, Basil. This was decent, the ricotta was the best part. Truffle- Truffle Salami, Bechamel, Parmesan, Thyme, Shaved Truffles. Would you like a side of oil to go with that? Wow, only thing I saw on this pizza was oil. Someone call  the nearest Cath Lab and book a room for me? I couldn't finish my slice, it was terribly overwhelming. Margherita- Tomato, Buffalo Mozzarella and Basil. This was pretty standard. Nothing to write home about. At $28 a pizza, you walk away thinking, "did that really just happen?" Desserts:Warm Apple Pie & French Toast Cubes. Both made up for the horendous pizza. Skip this place.
4	Checked out this place tonight while staying at the Aria. Probably the most budget friendly restaurant here other than the cafe. The pizzas here are priced in the high 20s and it is a 16 inch pizza which will definitely fill up 2 people with 3 large slices each. Getting one slice is not an option unless you take it to go. Note there are a few standing tables right outside for this purpose so if you don't want a sit down dinner, do that instead! Place is very cute, host staff was okay, waiter was so great (thanks  Wissam -shaved hair with goatee) now to the food. Got one pizza to share half Forager and half Truffle. Got the Forager with Mortadella instead of bacon and it was the most delicious thing ever! So juicy and yummy and so many mushrooms and the mortadella gave it a fresh kick and I'm in love! The truffle was a bit of a disappointment it was kind of dry didn't have many truffles and barely had any sauce all cheese. Another big issue I had... there was way too much oil/grease on both the pizzas. I soaked out the grease with four napkins and my hands were still drenched. Would come back though and would recommend - especially for some late night drunchies!
3	Items Selected:Pepperoni Arancini- Rice Balls, Red Sauce and Roasted Garlic AioliPigs and Truffles- Pork Shoulder Cannelloni, Bordeaux Spinach, Bechamel and Summer TrufflesNorth Beach- Clams, Smoked Mozzarella, Sweet Onions, OreganoBlanca- Mozzarella, Ricotta, Bel Paese, White Chedder, Olive Oil, Garlic, Basil Truffle- Truffle Salami, Bechamel, Parmesan, Thyme, Shaved TrufflesMargherita- Tomato, Buffalo Mozzarella and BasilWarm Apple Pie - White Cheddar, Oatmeal Streusel, Smoke Salted Mascarpone Ice CreamCrispy Sourdough Fritters - Winter Spiced Cranberry Sauce, Orange GlazeA fan of Shawn McClain dating to his Chicago days and a truly impressive experience at Sage it was with high hopes that our party of four paid a visit to upscale pizza parlor Five50 after the disaster that was Yellowtail and while I personally enjoyed the experience more than my companions it would be exceedingly difficult for me to recommend a $30/pp pizzeria with awkward service as a place to visit in a city where far better pie can be found off-strip at a fraction of the price.  Featuring a slice counter plus a handful of primi, pasta, salads, and desserts alongside 16" pizzas cooked in a 550 degree oven the "style" of McClain's signature pies falls somewhere between traditional New York slices and a Roman lightly-leavened 'crunchy' crust but with ingredient quality meeting the standards set by Sage the results were largely impressive save for the excessive use of oil and salt marring the Truffle and an unannounced red sauce lending a peculiar barbecue note to the North Beach.  Faring better, a simple Margherita assuredly displayed the restaurant's sourcing with tangy tomatoes and fresh basil while the Blanca shined largely to a thick dollop of house-made ricotta on each slice.  Moving past pizza, a sampling of the cannelloni proved to be my favorite savory of the day, albeit slightly overpriced at $18 for two pasta tubes stuffed with tender pork and topped with creamy Bechamel plus meager truffle shavings while a trio of arancini presented a unique riff on a classic by substituting house cured pepperoni for traditional sausage and pairing it with thick, aromatic aioli.  Never happy to leave a restaurant without dessert, a final pairing arrived at the table in the form of a small apple pie with accoutrements both sweet and savory alongside fried brioche cubes paired with sour cranberry sauce; both sweets trumping any of the savories and a saving grace at the end of a meal that fell short of high expectations.
3	I came here with my mom, brother, and boyfriend's mom for lunch on Christmas.I ordered the Blanca pizza, which I did not like. Usually I am a huge fan of white cheese pizza, but something in this one just didn't work... (Note: pizzas are big enough for 2).My mom ordered the meatball sub which was actually pretty good. We didn't care for the chips that came on the side.  I do have to say that the apple squash soup was good.For dessert we had the vanilla ice cream sandwich. It came on a thin and crispy wafer.  Was different but good.The service wasn't good.  Maybe because our server had to work on Christmas, but either way. When we were done we sat with dirty dishes in front of us for a long time before anyone came to ask if we wanted boxes or dessert.  Our waters were also completely empty and we had to hunt our server down.  The manager came by to check on us but we didn't want to get anyone in troubleFood wasn't great and neither was the service.  2 pizzas, 2 subs, a soup, 2 sodas, and one dessert came out to $125.I'll have to try something different if there is a next time...
3	Used up part of our daily resort credit one night here and went with the regular cheese pizza.  Very Large, almost too much... see, the pizza is very thin, which I don't mind, the sauce had a nice tang to it, which is much appreciated and the cheese was pretty good, but the weight of the cheese and sauce weighted down the pizza triangle about 2/3 of the way...to my liking, the crust should be able to stand up to the toppings... the crust however, had  a very nice crunch, and I usually don't eat the crust, but I made an exception on this one. Service here is very strange, borderline bad, with pretty snobby staff. I inquired if our to-go pizza was ready to which they implied "4 more minutes"... so we waited by the little tables right there in plain view... few minutes go by, I see a pizza sitting there and ask if that was mine... "oh, yes" they say.  Wait, I said, you don't call them.... to which I quote "no, not really.... sometimes the girls will" .... so you know I'm right here... and you leave my pizza to get cold here on the counter?? ugh .. enough said.
3	Came here a couple months ago with a group of 4 on a Saturday night. We arrived at 10:15pm and got seated immediately. The restaurant look about 60% occupied.As we were seated our server introduced himself, a soft spoken guy, and was very knowledgeable of the menu and gave his honest opinion when making recommendations. He seemed like a nice guy but came off sounding very condescending at times. I really don't appreciate servers who stereotype their tables based on their age and attire. All we ordered were a round of water and didn't get any refills after our initial glasses! To be honest, most of the staff was pretty soft spoken as well. I'm not sure if it was because of the intimate/luxury feel they were trying to give but all of the team members in the restaurant were very quiet and quite honestly not very helpful either.Anyways, we ended up ordering the Gotham and Truffle pizza which were large 16" pies. Both of which our server had recommended as being popular choices among guests. The Gotham was basically a meat lovers wet dream, it was topped with pepperoni, salami, sausage, and a handful of other ingredients. Overall it wasn't bad, but tbh I can't say I fell in love with it either.The Truffle pizza was a major disappointment. Beware when you order it, it was very oily and certainly takes a refined pallet to enjoy.Overall, we were not very impressed by what this place had to offer. Five 50 seemed like a knockoff more expensive dining version of Secret Pizza at The Cosmopolitan and the service was not worth what we paid. It was certainly a 1 time experience.The breakdown: (for the price)Service: 2/5Food Quality: 3/5Atmosphere: 4/5All 4 of us shared 2 large pizzas and it cost us $66. Tip* You'll get more bang for your buck by going to secret pizza at The Cosmopolitan.
4	The husband and I got a late night slice here after mucho beverages and it was pretty delish, I must say. I got the forager and it was just super savory and amazing....the ricotta and the mushrooms just made for something special. The husband go plain cheese (surprise surprise) and it was good too. The price was also right at about 13$ for both of us. I would definitely go back.
2	Went here for lunch yesterday to meet a friend that was here from out of town.  The pizza was just ok...nothing spectacular.  However, my son did enjoy the extra layers of pepperoni on his pie.  The warm root salad was ok but again nothing spectacular and was fairly small considering the price.  I'll stick to our local Pizza hangouts next time around.
3	made reservations to dine here on new years eve so that we wouldnt get stuck in the cold on the strip for hours.  surprisingly, getting into the hotel was no issue at all. we were seated immediately and the place wasn't super crowded.  because we had a group of 8, we sat at one of the long tall tables which gives you a good overall view of the entire restaurant.i have to admit, we were a lil bit intoxicated so we MIGHT have been slightly obnoxious, but our server was very patient with us.  i ordered the warm root vegetable salad with dressing on the side. BF had the farmstead pizza while everyone else at our table order other pizzas to share. i did have a couple pieces of my bf's pizza only because i LOVE eggs and just seeing the yummy yolks running down the sides of the slices made my mouth water. the food was good, not completely in awe of it, especially with the price. our bill just for my bf and i came up to abut $60 (including tip) and one alcoholic beverage. everyone says "its vegas, everything is expensive" but honestly.....for pizza and salad? but at least we had a good time and good experience. would i go back again? probably not.
3	This restaurant close at 12 midnight. Nice place to grab a late night snack. You can do dine-in or just buy a slice from the counter. Nice bar area watching sports. The Service: The server is friendly. Pizza do take a while to be served. That is okay but it is freshly made to order. The Food: Pizza has thin crust but not those crispy crust type. Can taste a little bit wood burning at the end crust. Gotham - a little bit way too salty for me. Lots of meat.Margarita - not too saucy, fresh basil leaves on the top of the pizza.Their cocktail drinks almost $15.
4	Greattttt pizza!  You can get slices, but do know you have to get more than 2 if you'd like to get a box to go.  Otherwise, you can step across the way and eat standing up.  I heard that the restaurant itself was a bit slow and as I didn't have much time, the slices were perfect.  Unfortunately they sell the tiny coke bottles that hold a sip's worth of soda--you're going to need more than a sip as the pizza is a bit salty.Bon Appetit!
5	If you are looking for the best pizza on the Vegas strip, look no further than the Five50 Pizza Bar in Aria. It's located near the sports book not far from the poker room. The place is named for the temperature the chef believes is perfect for pizza. These are big New York-style slices of pizza with ample toppings, plenty of cheese and a zesty sauce in just the right amount. If you're looking for a quick lunch, you can order by the slice right at the counter and have your food in just minutes. Like I said, it's the best pizza I've had in Vegas and I doubt you'll be disappointed.
3	Amazing food!!! But unfortunately we had a bad server, Amanda, that took our order and would disappear. I'm in the restaurant business myself and I would be embarrassed if I ever gave that kind of service. Had to ask other employees for help with boxes and our check because we could never find her. Everything else was on point and would definitely come back for the food.
4	This place is rather new, the food is great tried the pasta and a few salads. Good flavor combinations and well executed. The service is however a little slow. Tried the pizza both the mushroom  and white we're great.
4	Love the quick pick-up slice station. It's great for picking up a delicious slice on your way back up to your room.Nice to have choices on a single slice other than pepperoni or cheese. The Forager and Blanca were some of the best slices I ever had.  Terrific crust and tasty toppings!
5	Went here with a group of friends and I was not disappointed.  We had a reservation (highly recommended) and were seated right on time.  The staff was friendly and courteous and our waiter was very knowledgeable.Walking in, the restaurant has all the feel of a modern and upscale restaurant, but doesn't feel pretentious or stuffy (we dressed smart-casusal).  They actually have a to-go slice line near the entrance in case you need your late night fix or don't have time to sit down to eat.  The decor is very nice and the restaurant has a warm and inviting feeling thanks to the wood features and Edison lights.   We ordered drinks and the porchetta (grilled pork belly) and arugula & fennel salad.  the porchetta was absolutely delicious with a nice mix of salty/savory from the pork belly and tart/sweet from the apple.  The arugula & fennel salad was very tasty, tangy and fresh which provided a nice contrast to the porchetta.For main courses we ordered three different pizzas, a Truffle, a Gotham and a Blanca.  I ordered the truffle and it was absolutely amazing.  I tried the Gotham and it was also very delicious.  I did not try the Blanca but my friends said that it was very delicious.All things considered, the prices are very fair and it was well worth the experience.  I would recommend this place and we will go back next time we are in Vegas.
3	Another high dollar pizza joint in Vegas...We started off with the Pepperoni Arancini ($8). These were pretty tasty, but most of the flavor was in the Garlic Aioli...yum!  Good portion size / price ratio.Pigs & Truffles ($18): Pork Shoulder Cannelloni, Bordeaux Spinach, Bechamel & Summer Truffles. This was delicious but felt a bit spendy. It had a wonderful truffle essence from the fragrant smell to the taste!  I probably wouldn't order this again though.We got two pizzas...both SPLIT into halves.  So we were able to try a total of FOUR different pizzas :Truffle Pizza ($29): Truffle Salami, Bechamel, Parmesan, Thyme & Shaved Truffles. Blanca ($27): Mozzarella, Ricotta, Bel Paese, White Cheddar, Olice Oil, Garlic & Basil. Both were excellent, but the Truffle Salami with shaved Truffles was outstanding! Loved the flavor explosions here!! Highly recommended!Margherita ($24): Tomato, Buffalo Mozzarella & Basil. North Beach ($28): Clams, Smoked Mozzarella, Sweet Onions & Oregano. The Margherita was good, bit sweet with a nice mozzarella flavor. The North Beach was surprisingly smokey in a red sauce, which was an odd combination in my eyes...I would have much preferred a white sauce for the clams.  I can't really recommend either of these.And to finish, we tried the Warm Apple Pie ($9?): White Cheddar, Oatmeal Streusel & Smoke Salted Mascarpone Ice Cream. Good variation of the classic. Crispy Sourdough Fritters ($9?): Winter Spiced Cranberry Sauce & Orange Glaze. These were great, but the cranberry sauce was perfect! Just the right amount of tanginess to compliment the fried sourdough.  Recommended :)Will I be back?  Yes, but not anytime soon I don't believe...
1	Not even worth
4	Not only was the pizza very good for thin crust, it was very good for any crust. Service was above average and very quick. Prices for LAS pretty reasonable. Nice decor.
3	If you're in the area and have a hankering for pizza, head on over to the five50. Let's call this place a 3.5. Midwesterners beware, this is a thin crust pizza joint!We were pressed for time and had a 30 to 40 minute window for eating. The service was accommodating, and they got us in and out just in time. We ordered one pizza, half North Beach half Margherita. The slices were large and thin, so one pizza was enough to make two people full at three slices per person. The pizza was thin crust, but still had a slight chew to go with the crunch which I enjoyed. The North Beach had smoked mozzarella and clams on it, and was described as bbq chicken pizza with the chicken swapped for clams. It was unique with tender clam pieces, but I think they planted a dangerous seed since I found myself wishing it had a dash of bbq sauce! The Margherita pizza was nothing special, just a big basil leaf on each slice.
4	Great service, awesome pizza. Love the combos they have -- the flavors were great. The beer selection is pretty stellar as well.
5	Have been here a few times now and I have to say that it could be one of my favorite pizzas in town now.  It is thin crust pizza with just the right crisp on the crust.  We have tried the Gotham (pepperoni, sausage and salami), the Farmstead (Prosciutto, an Egg and Olives) and the Forager Pizza (Mushrooms, Spinach and Rosemary) as well as the Arancini, their AH.MAZ.ING Garlic Bread and a couple salads.  I seem to always go back to the Gotham Pizza....it is by far, my favorite.  They have a decent wine and beer menu and they also have a full bar too.  ANd if you are only in the mood for a slice to go,  they have a to go bar at the front for that.  The service has always been good and the decor is nice too.
4	Split a 16-inch pizza with the bf and got half forager and half truffle. The forager was delicious and so full of flavor!!! It was definitely our favorite...the truffle was a bit disappointing. It was really salty and you can only taste the truffle in a couple bites. If we had to do it all over again, we would definitely get an entire forager pizza and skip the truffle. Also, if you only want a slice of pizza, go to their counter and don't get seated otherwise if you dine in, you have to get an entire pizza.
4	I ate here with 3 friends around 5pm on a Saturday. One of my friends had a sore throat and was looking for a specific whiskey to help her throat. The restaurant did not carry the whiskey so our waitress went to ask her manager if my friend would be able to go get her drink from the casino and bring it in. Next thing we knew the waitress came back with the whiskey. She went outside the restaurant and tracked it down and only charged her $10 for it. Fabulous service for such a casual place. The pizza was delicious as well. Very rich and filling so I would definitely recommend sharing or just ordering a slice. I had the farmstead pizza and it was amazing. All very delicious and fresh ingredients. I will definitely be coming back for more.
5	I love inside walls very kool looking..clams & linguica suasage with bread very good..and the gotham and blanca pizzas were my favs
5	It is almost impossible to find pizza as good as this unless you are on NYC it Italy.  Excellent!
5	Giving this one a 4.5 but rounding up to 5 because my biggest nit is with the desserts. First, stay basic here. Work from the Margarita base and add pepperoni. Or build your own with cheese, pepperoni, and basil. I'd go with half the amount of cheese, by the way.The crust is outstanding but I do not like that the cheese oil soaks through it so quickly. That's why I recommend that you go with half the cheese. It still tastes great but it preserves the crust. The crust, by the way, is very good. The five50 chopped salad was OK. Nothing to write home about. The desserts were disappointing. The ice cream sandwiches had potential but the ice cream simply has too much air stirred into it. It's not premium ice cream. A few other desserts were simply not noteworthy. I'd really avoid the desserts. Make your way over to the Aria and grab dessert from Jean Philippe Patisserie. Cannot lose there. Still, the name of the game here is pizza. And Five50 does pizza well. Keep it simple and you'll be pleased with a five-star pizza.
5	My boyfriend and I spent  Super Bowl Sunday here. What amazing service and food! I highly recommend taking a stop by if you are at Aria. We loved the pizza so much we saved a few slices for our flight home.
4	It's an amazing late night or end of your night place to grab a slice of pizza. That's how I came across this place at 1:30am. The pizza are throw into an oven to warm up or create your own. They also have sets to order from jn you want to dine in but late night crawlers can grab a slice by the entrance by 2:00am - they have slices of the set and picked through the glass. Located near the sports bar / poker room. Easily way to stag a slice a pizza and get back to what is more important in some cases. The pizza was good for the price but try to avoid the one with a lot of cheese, it was to much cheese for me - unless u like cheese
3	Okay so really the pizza here isn't bad..but it is expensive.  So why not pay a few dollars more and get the truffle since all the pizzas are around the same price.  So I did like that there was a good truffle flavor (I think they toss some truffle oil to enhance the flavor), however there is wayyy too much cheese.  I felt so gross eating, and definitely exceeded by fat content for the week.  If you do decide to try this, I recommend just getting a slice, rather than an entire pizza like we did.
3	I thought the pizza was okay but certainly not great.  We got the Gotham and some of it was burnt on top and on the bottom.  I wouldn't go here again with so many great options in Vegas.
2	Pizza tastes great. Everything else is not good.  The salad is 14.00 for a portion size that's worth 1.50 side salad. The service lacks any enthusiasm or charisma. A soda is 4.50. I know we are on vacation and can pay a little more for food but thee prices are way out of line for the portions.
5	My favorite pizza spot in Vegas yet!  The pizza was hot and delicious, they had an awesome beer selection and a great ambiance.  Great for a sit down meal and even better for a between gambling snack or post-dancing grub.  Good pricing too (especially in Vegas).  My suggestion to the owner is to stay open later on the weekdays, even if it's just the carry out!  Overall, solid slice!
5	The truffle pizza is the best pizza I've ever had in my entire life. Get it. You will be blown away.
4	Five 50 is a great pizza place. Great slices for $5.50!? Why not!? Pros: great tasting pizza, cheap, great portions, quick, fun staff.Cons: greasy, not too many options.I love this place. Would recommend it to anyone wanting pizza or a quick bite. Would be 5 stars but the pizza options need to be better.
5	Great pizza, must ask for extra sauce though to make it extra delicious. The basil and wood fried tomato was an excellent pick. I know it was great pizza because I wanted to eat one more slice even while I was already full, I couldn't just leave anything behind.
5	Very warm and inviting as soon as you get to the entrance.Pizza is great with an excellent selection of craft beer The bartender David is knowledgeable with a great sense of humor.I will be heading back there ASAP
4	Great new addition to the Aria property. Ate here twice during my last stay at Aria. Crusty crust pizza ( I believe I had the Gotham, 80% completed)Great selection of beers on tapPasta dishes were actually really well done. Appropriate sauce to noodle ratio and correctly cooked pasta.
3	This place is probably 3.5 stars, but as Yelp doesn't allow that I rounded down to 3.I had a slice of their mushroom pizza - which costs $5.50 hence the name of the place.  It was decent, slightly salty and plenty of mushrooms.  The crust was a bit chewy and thicker than I like.The price was reasonable for the quality of food, but really if you want the best slice in Vegas then you have to find the "secret" pizza place in Cosmopolitan and have a slice of the white pizza - amazing!
4	Very good pizza.  It's very pricy, but hey, you're at the Aria.  If you're expecting cheap pizza, order Domino's.  All the ingredients worked together perfectly.  My wife and I ordered the Forager to take back to our room at the Vdara.  The pizza took about half an hour to cook.  If you want just a slice, they sell massive slices for $5.50.  That's probably what we will do next time.  Ordering a whole pizza is just too much for two people.  We were both starving and still had about a quarter of the pie left when we were stuffed.  Expect to pay 25-35 dollars for a to-go pizza.  Again, it's great pizza, but don't expect it to be cheap.
2	Overpriced. Did I just pay $30 for a soggy, excessively-oily pizza? Ugh.Also, service was as slow as a snail. Not worth the visit, trust me.
5	When my husband wanted to grab pizza to bring over to our friend's place, I looked at him puzzled. I complained that there's so many other better choices than pizza. I mean c'mon it's pizza and this is Vegas!! But boy was I totally completely wrong because the pizza was so freakin delicious!!!!We ordered 2 whole pizzas: Gotham and Forger and 2 salads: Caesar and Italian. We picked up our togo 50 mins later and headed off the strip to our friend's house, which was 25 mins away. Once we got there, we all dug in. To my complete surprise, the pizza was still crunchy and not the least bit soggy. The dough was so perfect and the flavors all meld together in harmony. It was so good that I ate a total of 3 1/2 slices (the slices are huge!). I really couldn't believe how good the pizzas were! Now I can't wait to go back to Vegas to grab some pizza. I wouldn't recommend the salads though. It was small and boring. Skip it.Remember, the next time your SO suggest to get pizza, don't be an ass because you might end up eating your own words like I did.
5	This place is just awesome.. Great pizzas n great salads.. I did a custom pizza n i love the crust.. Very light n crispy n the specialty salad they had for  a limited time was just pure heaven.. Unfortunately it's only for limited time.. But I will definitely be going back and back and back to this place
5	Fantastic pizza!  Perfect crust. Just chewy enough and the toppings are delicious. My better half got the meat pizza and we shared the Gotham and spinach and mushroom - forager and Blanca. All were great. The ricotta was the best. Best meal since we've been here. Also very reasonably priced.
3	Pretty tasty pizza options and all things considered affordable for the location. My main compliant was the burnt edges of the crust. I get it, it's cool to show you cooked with fire but the taste is awful! Finally, the staff is mixed between those who seem too cool I help you with your late night or mid day pizza fix and a few genuinely happy to give you that which you need to make it a few more hours in the gambling area.
4	I have dined here several times and always enjoy the experience! The cheese bread and margherita pizza are delicious. I had to deduct a star because, in the middle of our last meal, we were asked by the hostess to move to accommodate a large party . . . really? Regardless, I'll be back on my next visit!
4	Great place for a recovery meal with a large group. Blanca & Gotham pizzas are the best! Great ambiance and visually pleasing from every angle. Great beer selection too.
3	The best thing about this place is that you can get a single slice of pizza for $5.5.Those slices fly off the shelves, and you have a good chance of getting a freshly baked one.Crust has good balance of crispness and softness. Flavor is a bit too strong to my taste.
4	Good and convenient for a quick slice of fast food at aria.  There's nothing else to grab fast food in this casino.  Servers were nice and friendly
3	When you find yourself in the more upscale casinos in Vegas, you'll often find yourself pressed to find affordable food. Secret Pizza in The Cosmpolitan is always a fan favorite, but sometimes you just want to try something out. Enter Five50.I find the line in Secret Pizza always really intimidating when I'm just really hungry for a quick slice, and Five50, located in Aria, is a great alternative. Lines are never really long, and pizzas are just as great. What Secret Pizza lacks in variety, Five50 offers more unique flavors.Still, I would say the price has something left to be desired. $5.50 is a bit hefty for a slice of pizza, and although it is a large slice, I can't say I was all too happy parting with my cash. Nonetheless, still a very solid pizza place, and it definitely is worth checking out, if you're ever sick of Secret Pizza and looking for a change of pace.I would just raise one caveat though: beware of the soda prices. I was looking to grab a quick can of soda, and the price ended up being $10 for the combo of a slice and soda. Lo and behold, they charged $4.50 for a can of soda. Whereas I don't mind getting ripped off if offered in tap, it's nearly criminal to try to take that much from a can I can get from a grocery store. $2-$3? Sure. $4.50, please no.TIP: Get your sodas elsewhere.
2	Had the bucatini & meatballs. The bucatini & sauce were delicious but did not like the meatballs. They had raisins mixed in. I had the large portion & for the price it was way overpriced.
4	After working out the whole morning, I worked up a serious appetite. If I'm about to sabotage my regimen, it has to be with something good. Since I was already at Aria for Mega Madness, I might as well stay and eat here. Pigs and Truffles:Cannelloni with pork shoulder, spinach, bechamel and truffles. This dish is fabulous. It's creamy, rich and you can absolutely smell and taste the truffles. The pork is tender and juicy. 5/5Gotham Pizza:Sausage, pepperoni, salami, mozzarella, and grana padano. This was just alright...quite ordinary. Grana padano is cheaper than Parmigianno-Regiano and all the other ingredients aren't hard to find/ expensive so, I'm not sure why this is $28. 3.5/5Truffle Pizza:Truffle salami, parmesan, bechamel, thyme, and shaved truffles. This was amazing! Fragrant, rich and truffly. 5/5Their pizzas are 16" from $26-29 (some are worth it, some are not - just read the ingredients and use your own judgment). The crust is fantastic, crisp and tasty. They also have pizza by the slice by the entrance. You can choose from 8 pizza options or create your own. They have soups, salads, charcuterie, pasta, sandiwches, shakes and desserts.The service was ok. They have TV's on sports channels. It's a good atmosphere for a pizza place.
3	Average pizza.  Perhaps because I purchased a single slice for take out, the pizza was greasy and no way too hold it. It just flopped and lay there in its own pool of oil.  Sad. But the worse was the nerve they had to charge 4.50 for a can of Coke!For that price it was the best Coke I have ever had!!!
1	I'm sitting in my room @ Aria as I write this, here's the lowdown:Anyone who gives it more than 1 star is:1. From flyover country2. So Cal3. the SouthListen, this pizza is gross, greasy as shit. I feel bad for anyone who thinks this is acceptable, you've never tasted good pizza. It's not an insult,  please visit the following cities and order pizza:New York, Chicago, Philly, or Boston.Zero stars.
4	Good pizza and service, but overpriced drinks
3	Great atmosphere, but we got fleeced. $55 for two drinks, one beer, calamAri and garlic bread. The calamari wasn't sweet like I'm used to getting the coast. The sauce on the garlic bread was phenomenal. Id give it five stars if it wasn't for the calamari. Not deducting a star for the price...expected on the strip.
2	If it were for the food, I would give a three or four star review, depending on what particular item.  If it was the service, i would give one star.  Two of us went for lunch, and sat down, ordered some drinks, and looked at the menu.  The hostess was nice and friendly, and offered some thoughts on food.  Then our server came.  I believe she smiled 1.5 times in our hour sitting.  A .5 when we sat down (it looked more like a grimace) and a HUGE smile when she brought our check and said I hope you enjoyed your meal (in other words, when tipping time came).  The rest of the time she was angry, or perhaps heartbroken, or suicidal, or I do not know what.  I understand bad days happen.  Everyone has them.  They are rough.  But don't look at your customers like you are annoyed you have them, or angry that they came in.  Especially when one is the nicest lady ever and friendly and cheerful and you just keep scowling at her.  It looks bad.  The pizza was enjoyable (a bit greasy, but hey, it is pizza).  The salad we split (which, regardless of what they say, is not that small a salad) was fresh tasting, and I enjoyed it very much.  The environment is nice, and it is an easy to find location.  Hopefully the service picks up.
2	This is for the pizza to go portion of the restaurant.The pizzas are supposed to be a quick gourmet pizza, so don't expect to find your typical toppings aside from just pepperoni. There were maybe 4-5 options. The pizzas themselves were just meh. The crust was not that thin and crunchy. For a better late night pizza, secret pizza at the Cosmo is a much better option. Also, the line moves sooo slow.
3	Hell this pizza satisfied me at 2am, Wanted to try the Blanca but it was not ready and I was to hungry to wait. Got the Margherita which had one piece of basil on it, Just be warned the line moved super slow and I wish they had to go boxes for one slice instead of carrying my plate back to the Vdara, at least we had a micro in our room to nuke it. I guess when you haven't eaten since 1pm this pizza is sufficient. RANDOM FACT:The name FIVE50 is inspired by the temperature at which the pizza is cooked, and the time when the pizza bar celebrates a special happy hour offering daily.
5	This pizza was amazing in my opinion. Not sure where the negative reviews are coming from. Went to buy pizza by the slice at about 11pm the other night and it was quite busy.. so much that they couldn't keep any pizza out. Was nice that we got fresh pizza that hadn't been sitting out. We were staying there at Aria so we took our slices back to our room. After I ate my slice, my mouth watered for more. So much that my husband and I couldn't wait to buy a whole pizza to take home the next day. We got the Gotham pizza. I can't say anything about the other kinds because we didn't try those. The meat was very tasty on the pizza and the crust was really nice. I'm glad I don't live in Vegas because I would be going to this place every week. I definitely look forward to going back on our next visit to Vegas. It is expensive for a whole pizza... With tax it came to $34 for a whole Gotham pizza but it was worth it and we enjoyed it very much.
3	The pizza here was good, but not worth the money. For the price I really expected something different. The pizza was very basic nothing really speacial. It was good but too simple for the price.
4	My wife and I ate lunch there on Sunday March 16th. We got there just after opening and were seated right away. Then our drink orders were taken and quickly brought back to us. We ordered appetizers from the Meat & Cheese bar. We got the Chef's Selection of 6 (I'll submit the pic of the cheese board). This was a great assortment of charcuterie, cheeses, bread and olives. We ordered a Margherita and a Gotham pizza. The pizza was a good thin crust wood oven pizza with a New York meets gourmet twist. Pizza was very flavorful and the crust had a good chew, except for the center of both pies. When we looked closer at the slices we did notice they were stretched a little too thin in the center making the point of the slices a little droopier than normal. The service levels were solid throughout. I would recommend people to eat at Five50 in the future.
5	Good food and service! :) will recommend and come back when I visit. If u haven't been here, should try it out. Music and ambiance is laid back and casual. Good for a quick bite or hanging out with friends and fam.
3	The manager and the man at the pizza counter are a generous two stars and the pizza is almost four stars. I walked up to the pizza counter, curious about the pizza. I asked if this was Neapolitan Pizza and the guy seemed annoyed I was asking him a question. He said it was a hybrid between New York pizza and Neapolitan. I then asked him why the pizzas on the counter looked different than the one being made and he said because they are different pizzas. Obviously I knew the pizzas were different because of the different toppings, but I was basically getting at the pizzas have been out for too long that they look completely different from the one being freshly made. I then asked to speak with the manager to tell him about his employee who clearly was annoyed answering questions. He seemed to hear me but at the same time did not offer me a discount or anything to make up for the disappointing first impression. I should have left after this but I still ordered a slice of pizza. I ordered the spinach/ricotta/ mushroom pizza and it was just rich enough without being sickeningly rich. The crust had a sour flavor which is completely different from a New York pizza or Neapolitan. I appreciated them trying to be different but it was a little to sour for my taste. The crust was chewy, all the ingredients paired nicely together, and the sweetness of the ricotta helped balance out the sourness of the crust. I must say the pizza was pretty delicious, but the price is a little steep at almost $7 a slice.
4	I stopped by here on the way to a club crawl and I have for to say I loved the quality of pizza they put out. In particular this mushroom based Forager pizza was amazing. The only draw back was the line was a little long and moved a little slow but the young lady at the counter made up for the wait with good customer service. Overall it's worth it just for the flavor profile of the wood fired pizza alone.
4	I did not expect much from looking at the pizza bar, but getting a fresh pie was a different story. The pizza was delicious. I got the Farmstead for my half and my friend got the blanca with peppers. Luckily, my meal was paid for, otherwise it would have been a $100 tab for the one pizza, an appetizer and several drinks. Not worth that kind if price but if you limit the $8 beers you'll be okay. I recommend getting whole pizza made for you and not settling for pizza that sits and waits at the pizza bar.
4	The pizzas by the slice at the counter are good and a great easy option at the Aria. the sit down pizza is really good! We went for lunch and got the forager pizza and it was excellent. Good quality toppings and a great crust. Pricey at $27 but a much cheaper option for 2 people than practically anything else at the hotel. We will go back
4	having this place in our hotel was awesome. we sat at the bar and had some delicious pizza by the slice for affordable prices (by vegas tourist prices anyways).we tried the margarita, blanca, meat, and forager. all were delicious. honestly the plain margarita was my least favorite bc the other with toppings were sooooo good and baked to crispy perfection!
5	I had pizza from here my first night in Vegas around 2am.  The pizza was excellent but after that many drinks anything tastes good at 2am.  I decided to try it another time when I wasn't intoxicated and it was even better.  It was so good that I am ready to call it the best pizza I ever had.  I've been to Gramaldi's in Brooklyn, Lombardi's in Manhattan, Motorino in Brooklyn, Di Fara's in Brooklyn, John's on Bleeker Street, and Frank Pepe's....but Five50 is #1.  By the way, Frank Pepe is 2nd.
4	Have been to Vegas a couple of times in the past year, and each time my girlfriend and I enjoyed checking out the City Center area and all it has to offer. We bought tickets to see the Cirque Du Soleil Zarkana show at Aria. After the show we stumbled upon Five50 nestled away in a back corner on the lobby level of the hotel. The restaurant received some good reviews on Yelp, so we decided to check it out. Now Five50 is our go-to pizza spot!It is labeled as a "casual pizza experience," but the ambience of the hotel and restaurant add to its charm. As you walk into the restaurant, there is a long counter that acts as an extension of the kitchen. Here you can place to go orders for pizza and other items. There are also tables just outside the restaurant where you can stand and eat your pizza for a quicker dining experience. The restaurant has definite character and personality. A long curved wall of wooden blocks stacked on top of each other separate the diners from the rest of the hotel/casino. Behind the restaurant is the sports book room where sports junkies can get their fix and gamble on events. There is a circular bar located in the center of the restaurant, along with tv's for your viewing pleasure. The service was a little hit and miss, but overall decent. The menu offers eclectic pizza choices such as the truffle pizza (I would recommend this!), soups/salads, and pastas. The pizza is prepared fresh and cooked perfectly. Five50 offers a unique casual pizza experience with good food, and all the benefits of a Vegas establishment.
5	Must get the Gotham and truffle pizza!! So delicious and the crust is perfect not too thick or thin. The prices are alittle high at $30 a pizza but the flavors are so unique and every bite was good! Can def split one pizza.
3	3 stars because I'm split..the pizza is pretty good, very tasty and good texture with generous toppings.. The bad? The sliceCost $5 and is paper thin. Even worse? A can of sprite is $4.50! Are you really serious? Pizza is good and worth the 5 spot, just don't order a can of soda. Out of control
3	Given how popular Cosmo's not-so-secret Secret Pizza is for late night eats, I always wondered why more hotels didn't offer something similar.  Especially ARIA, given how far they are from just about everything else.  However, it looks like I wasn't the only one that wondered about that because helllooooo Five50 Pizza!Located next to the sportsbook (taking over the old sports grill), Five50 is a trendy pizza joint with both a regular dining room and a to-go counter to get pizzas by the slice.  Both are open relatively late, though maybe not late enough for the post-clubbing crowd (the restaurant closes at midnight, the counter at 2:00am).  Still, they're great for midnight cravings, or people on the go like me.Of the four types offered, I ordered the GOTHAM since it was simply my kind of pizza - Sausage, Pepperoni, Salami, Mozzarella, and Grana Podano.  Each bite was full of unhealthy, meaty goodness and I liked how the crust was thin, but not soggy.  At the same time, the flavors aren't exactly unique.  I've had others in the past that had more creative and compelling flavors, which brings me to the next point......that as much as I liked the pizza, I'd rather spend the money on something I can't get elsewhere.  Yes, it's the Strip, but $6.50 a slice is nothing to scoff at (thank goodness for resort credit!).  Just getting a single slice might not be that bad, but it can get pricey if you're hungry.  If you're with friends, you might be better off splitting a pie ($20-$30) or simply dining in for the full menu (which looks pretty good, I might add).While I would otherwise round up from THREE AND A HALF STARS based on taste, I'm rounding down only because of the price.  Five50 is nice addition to ARIA's collection of restaurants, and I wouldn't mind coming back to try the full menu, but I don't know if I would come back to grab just a slice unless I had resort credit or if I was in a pinch.
2	We arrived around 5:30pm headed to one of the shows. The restaurant area was less than 1/2 full, if that.. The couple we came with walked up to the bar, during Happy Hour, and got a good price on a couple of drinks and then we were seated. We quickly found out that you had to sit at the bar for Happy Hour prices, otherwise drinks were full price. That put a  limit or an end to what was purchased, with that said the drinks were normal tourist price but were terrible. Now, the food We both ordered a Build your own 16" pizza with a starting price of $22, for cheese only. there were 3 sub areas of ingredients that could be added. Each area was from $2 to $4 per ingredient. The waitress raved about how good this, potentially $40 - $50 pizza was going to be so we went it. Honestly, the food was ok but it wasn't even close to what I would call great pizza. If i had paid $20 for it then i would recommend the place but it's hugely overpriced even for a tourist area. if you're looking for good pizza at a decent price -- go somewhere elseI don't see us going back
5	Best pizza in Vegas!
5	Got take outs awesome pepperoni pizza better than 800 degrees at Monte Carlo also got the pasta meatballs it's ok ... Octopus on toasted very soft and tender nice flavor and de best pasta with ox tail shredded . Would recommend to try !
5	the best pizza in vegas
4	Great if you are looking for a quick bite to go. Pizza by the slice is great! I really liked the cheese pizza. They use sourdough crust and the pizza is perfectly thin!
3	Vacation pricing at it's best. $34 for pizza takeout is steep, but we are on vacation! Gotta take that regular price and x2. Got a half forager and half margarita and it was good. The crust was a little tough for me but it was topped with some really great ingredients so I'm not against it. Overall it was a solid pizza, still not happy about paying so much for it. We are staying in the Aria so it was really convenient. It sure is a lot cheaper than the buffet called "the buffet." Definitely wouldn't come if not staying in the Aria.
4	This pizza was good! It is overpriced. Just like everything else in Vegas. However, when my boyfriend and I came to this restaurant we were STARVING, and suddenly $5.50 for a slice of pizza didn't seem so bad lol. We did not order a pizza to go, just three slices of pizza that could get into our mouths as soon as possible. I only tried the 5 cheese which was really great. Another thing that's cool is they will heat the pizza by the slice in their oven for a minute to get it nice and hot again, I thought that was a nice touch. Also they hostess and the woman who gave us our food were both extremely kind and efficient. It was good quality pizza with good service and if I had the craving for pizza I might eat here again.
4	If you dine in you have to get a whole pizza, which is really  a shame since we ended up wasting half a pizza - but it was a VERY good pizza.  We got the white pizza.  Seriously good.Caesar salad was "meh" They have a collaboration beer with Stillwater Brewing.  A saison.  It was delicious.  I'd definitely eat here again, and I'm not a huge pizza fan.
5	Might be the best deal at the Aria! We hit this joint up late at night, and ordered pizza by the slice(which is about the size of two normal slices of pizza). It's $6/slice, but it's great pizza that's baked in a traditional fired oven. Seriously good pizza that's at a whole new level compared to the other large slices you can find on the strip for $5. *****
4	So far, this is the best slice of convenience pizza I've had in Vegas. Walk up, pick out a slice (I went with white pizza, one of my favorites), pay, pick it up, and eat at the bar next door. They've got a decent selection of beers on tap, with a few craft varieties offered I'd never seen before. The slices are a good size and thin, just like NY pizza. Well, as close as you can get to it, anyway.
2	Pizza was good. We ordered the Gotham (meat lovers one) and the white pizza (with ricotta and spinach). While we were seated fairly quickly (we were a party of 6) the pizza took over 45 min to come out. Seriously?! What pizza takes that long to cook?!While the Gotham pizza was full of flavor, it was dripping in grease. Not very nice. The white pizza was a complete disappointment. It lacked any flavor and it had so much ricotta cheese I wonder if they were even looking while they prepared it.While the ambiance is nice and clean, the food and service needs a huge upgrade.
4	Had a craving for pizza while in Vegas for a business trip.  I often gamble at Aria so I decided to give Five50 a try for the quick service counter.There were 4 pizza choices but they seem to fly off the pan with everyone in line.  I had a slice of the forager pizza and 4 cheese.  Both slices were great tasting and the thin crust was nice and crispy.  It motivates me to try the full restaurant the next time I came.The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the lack of choices at the quick service counter...it didn't look like they could make enough pizza's to keep up with the walk-ups so it was a downer not being able to get what you want...instead..settling for what was there at the time.
4	My good friends family brought me and my husband here once. Very nice area, expensive pizza but never hurt to try! Blanca is not bad. Good place for family or group of friends.
3	Tasty but so damn expensive.We stayed at the Vdara and because there's not much food option at Vdara, decided to order pizzas for carry-out.  Went for the Gotham, which is sorta like a meat-lovers with a spicy kick, and the North Beach, which is a pizza with clams, smoked mozzarella, sweet onions, and oregano.  Gotham's tasty, just as expected, especially if you're a fan of pepperoni and/or salami.  The North Beach was sort of a gamble since we wanted to try something different and man, we lost.  We expected a pizza with clams sprinkled onto the pizza, but what you get is actually one clam in the shell per slice.  Yup, 8 slices, 8 clams.  After you eat the one clam, it's just a cheese pizza essentially.  The smoked mozz and sweet onions was very tasty though.We also ordered an order of wings after the girl on the phone said it was very delicious, and she was right, it was very tasty!  Not really a buffalo sauce, but it does have a slight kick and sweetness to it.  We were quite glad we were convinced to order it haha.Now, for the price, each pizza is close to $30 (why we also thought there would be more clams), and for some reason the wings aren't on the online menu when we ordered so we didn't know, but our bill was $90+ with two cokes after taxes.  We knew Vegas was expensive but man, $90+ for pizza and wings was sorta crazy.  They sell by the slice as well, but I think I'd rather walk a little more to Cosmo and eat Secret Pizza next time.
3	After walking around the strip late at night, my bf and I had the munchies and were thinking about ordering pizza to bring back to our room at the Aria. There were only about 3 different pizzas in their display window for reheating. We were going to create our own, but paying over $28 for a whole pizza didn't seem like it'd be worth it to me.We ended up getting a slice of the Gotham which was huge and NY style, but way way too greasy!! They were generous w/ the toppings though, lots of pepperoni and sausages. Cheese was gooey which I loved. Unfortunately due to the amount of grease, the crust wasn't crunchy at all, but rather soggy. For about $5.50/slice I expected it to taste better.I probably would come back to try their other slices or milkshakes. The milkshakes seemed worth it for the price!
1	So we ordered some drinks at the bar and bought some slices of pizza to enjoy as a snack only to be told that you can't eat slices at the bar. Why didn't you say that before we ordered. Can't stand job worths!! .
4	Let me start off by saying the only reason I didnt give this place 5 stars is because it is extremely pricey! However, it is delicious! I know many locals try to steer clear of the strip but really this place is worth a visit. Be prepared to spend some $$ though. This place is one of my top pizza places. We opted for a full pepperoni pizza as I dont care for slices. The pizza was flavorful and the crust was amazing. Definitely recommend if you love pizza!
4	This is a damn good pizza! I like this place. I really do. This review is for the slices sold at the front counter, even though they have a sit-down restaurant too. The 4-stars is based solely on value, as in, you don't get much of it. 5-5-0 seems to be a theme here. $5.50 will get you a generous slice of pie. Forager is my favorite. Seriously, I will go to Aria to eat this pizza. It has whipped ricotta which is delicious and a nice spattering of mushrooms, spinach and bacon, at least they don't skimp on the toppings. Crust is great, perfect NY-style and I like the white sauce they use too. Overall, it's a great pie, if not one of the best in LV. I tried the Gotham, Margherita and what seems to be their Vegetarian (I can't find it on their menu but it had zucchinis as a topping). Honestly, for $5.50 a slice, it wasn't worth it. It was a great pie but you can get one just as good for a lot less. The 4-stars is for the outrageous prices. Yeah, it's the Strip, blah, blah... but it's $5.50 for a NY-style slice, which you'll have to buy two to make it a meal. Then beer is $8, and water (there is no free water) is another $4. I usually spend around $15 here for lunch and there's no place to sit, just standing-only tables. The best way to minimize the gouge is to bring your own drink from outside and only order one slice. The Aria Sportsbook is nearby and it makes a great snack while you're watching your favorite game.
4	It was okay pizza. Nothing beats the pizza at the cosmo. No one beats that. The service was aigjt nothing special. Not the friendliest. But the pizza is okay.
2	Began with the cesar salad which was good. Great presentation, dressing wasn't overpowering. Then came the pizza, margarita, if a place can't get a regular cheese pizza right then why order anything else. Well they couldn't get it right. Still very doughy under the cheese (raw dough). Cheese at best was just standard, nothing special. If you're in the mood forPizza, I've had great pizza at the Sugar Factory and the Cosmo. Skip this place. Expensive. Then we had the chocolate brownie mouse thingy,  it was good but they tried to get too fancy with the mason jar so it tips over, it's not a bad dessert but it's interesting flavors with the whipped cream and basil. First and only time I'll go here. I couldn't bring myself to giving this place 3 stars.
5	Soooooo good but server was eh.  Something we ordered came with marinated olives and I didn't know, so when I ordered olives,  she should have said something.   BTW, they come warm.  I'm not used to that.  I prefer cold.
4	Delicious pizza!! We had the white pizza with mozzarella, ricotta, and basil. It's a little on the pricey side but well worth it! Also had the arancini balls, same thing a little pricey though very good! Service was great too. Would definitely go back.
4	True story: me and the crew came to Five50 three separate times on one trip. Just let that sink in real quick. Mind you, that was three separate nights. It didn't help that we stayed at the Vdara and Five50 is located within Aria; but regardless, it was three damn times.If you have been to Five50, you might can understand why. If you have not, let me explain. For one, there's a pizza entree called Gotham (comes with pepperoni, sausage, salami, mozzarella, and grana padano) which is a must. Second, there's a pizza entree called Margherita (tomato, buffalo mozzarella, and basil) which is also a must. Out of the two pizzas that I just mentioned, Gotham is a must-must. It was so bad that when we came to Five50 for the third time, the waiter who we had previously looked at us and said, "You're getting Gotham today, right?" "You damn right."Other than that, the atmosphere is laid back.
4	Grabbed a quick slice between meetings and gambling. A good cure for a mid day hangover.  The pizza is decent. Not as good as a Chicago deep dish. But this is Las Vegas. And I don't expect the best. Was a good value also.....
4	Our first time at the restaurant, we usually just pick up from the pizza bar. Made reservations and had to wait even though there was some empty tables. Service was okay, pitchers were slow coming to the table. Pizza is delicious but we will probably just stick with grabbing it from the pizza bar in the future.
3	I had the chopped salad and a few slices at the Bar. The salad was great it would have been better if I would have gotten no hot peppers. The forager slice was good and the plain slice was a little better. I cant give this anything higher then 3 stars, although it might be some of the best pizza in Vegas.
5	This place has really awesome pizza. We had the Chopped Salad and the Gotham Pizza and both were amazing. The staff are super friendly and just the right amount of attentive. I'd recommend this place to anyone.
5	Another fantastic visit to Five50. Our Waitress (Marisela) was nice. Pizza was amazing. Idk what people are complaining about greasy pizza. It wasn't overly greasy it was the average amount. It's suppose to have grease,  that's how a pizza is. IF you can hold out skip the app. But you'd be missing out. Ricotta cheese is very expensive out here. So I can see why it's $9.Blanca pizza came with fresh basil on top. Top notch high quality ingredients. Meats added are $4 each & veggies $2. Their mushrooms had so much flavor to them. Yum!
5	This was my second time visiting Five50 today for lunch, and it validated why I decided to come back. The pre-built pizza selections are yummy. Gotham. Get the Gotham if you want to know what delicious, meaty pizza is. You can also build your own if none of the options tickle your fancy.The draft beer selection is plentiful, and they have a full bar too.The waitress was a treat, as was the rest of the staff, from the hostess all the way to the manager on duty. I enjoyed my visit and will be returning.
3	The pizza was good, but then again it's kinda hard to mess up. If you are looking for a quick fix and you're in City Center then I'd recommend it. I wouldn't say it is worth going out of your way to try.
3	Good pizza for sure. A little bit of a mix up on menus because you can only order certain things take out or at the bar and other things at the table. The price is good though and the service is attentive.
3	Hmm...not quite what what I was expecting.We had a voucher for a free slice of pizza and a beer but the line for the pizza "bar" was long so we sat at a table. When we asked about the voucher, our waiter (in a rather irritable tone) said we could only redeem it at the bar. After walking off and coming back, he said he could deduct the price of the slice and beer from our bill at the end.The garlic knots sounded good but instead of pretzel-like things or breadsticks like we thought, they were these little (and I empasize little) balls that were nothing but oil and grease. The pizza was just average. Typical New York variety where you have to fold it like a taco or eat it with a fork.Even with the voucher, the bill was almost $60.
1	I was at Five50 last week and there was a friendly little green worm crawling across my friend's salad plate....when the attractive Latina manager finally arrived at our table she mumbled something about organic and deal with it....but not in that order....for an incredibly humble white boy like myself that answer would be more than acceptable...my friend is an attractive African American woman- who is not only a well paid executive in LA- but has not yet gotten to the point where the green worm thing is part of her cultural cuisine ...I don't think their exchange did anything to improve interracial relations....if only the environ of thirty dollar pizza's could be a little more post racial think how great the world would be....( in truth the whole incident might not have happened if it hadn't taken 45 minutes to get us two pizza's in a half full restaurant....the little green fellow might have just crawled away....)...Hey Shawn your servers at Sage are a tad smarmy as well...I know you are from Chicago but you and your team need to tone it down a notch or two...
4	Fantastic, perfectly cooked pizza.  The pizza creations are creative and the ingredients high quality, fresh, and flavorful.Table service was attentive, friendly and prompt.  My next trip to Vegas I am making sure I stop by again.They also have counter pick up service with pizza by the slice.  They have a good variety of their top pizza creations by the slice which is great.Convenient location in the Aria casino.
2	I waited in line for this pizza??? Really?? Great toppings Gotham and the one with mushrooms....but geez so greasy and the crust was so thin that when I picked up the slice the toppings fell off and it was difficult to eat. Very soggy. Not worth the price. I went here at 2am, next time I will just order room service.
4	This is a new cool spot inside Aria, they have great food and a great vibe.  I've been in there a few times and every time their is a good looking group customers and the good service makes it a comfortable place to jam before the club and or a show.   Go see my boy john Venegas.
3	I came here to redeem the MyVegas reward for a free slice of pizza and beer. Since I wasn't really feeling a beer, they said that we could sub it with a soda. I wish we could've gotten an extra slice of pizza instead, but no such luck.We got a slice of the forager (white sauce, mushrooms, spinach, bacon, and ricotta cheese) and the blanca (mozzarella, ricotta, cheddar, basil, and garlic). Both pizzas were really good and surprisingly filling. They were super generous with the toppings. We walked around the strip all day but weren't hungry for a good six hours. The cashier woman was eh, not very friendly at all. For saturday lunch, it was extremely empty in the restaurant. And at $5.50 a slice, I don't know that I'd come back. But I love being inside the Aria, so it was good for a one-time experience.
2	Meh, I've experienced better is a good way to put it.Needed something to eat when I arrived in Las Vegas and I was staying at the Aria. Found this place in the hotel and decided to grab a slice. At 5.50 a slice, true to it's name, it's not the worst deal in town. Pizza is okay and enough to hold me over. I paid the cashier and he was not friendly at all. He grabbed my slice from the oven and just plopped it on the counter. He didn't even signal my way or anything to tell me it was mine.
5	The pizza is delicious and for $5.50 a slice it is probably the best deal in Vegas. Their adult milkshakes are creative, fun and yummy. I had the root beer float with jaeger and I want to go back for the Irish car bomb and another slice of the forager.Update:  went back everyday!  Late night pizza, awesome.  Breakfast pizza, awesome.  I wish I could get the forager at home.
3	Ho-Hum, nothing special going on here.  We went here for pizza and it was ok.  I wouldn't make a special trip to go here like we did.  But if you are craving a slice, then this will do the job.  The Baked Penne was actually better than the pizza.  There was sausages, tomatoes, and cheese that complimented the penne nicely.  It had a good flavor.We ordered a pizza and got 1/2 Gotham - Pepperoni, Sausage, Salami, Mozzarella, Grana Padano & 1/2 Forager - White Sauce, Mushrooms, Bacon, Whipped Ricotta, Spinach(meat pizza).  The gotham was pretty good.  The toppings had a nice flavor.  The crust could have been better.  The forager was ok.  The ricotta was nice but the rest of the pizza was on the bland side for me.The shakes and ice cream floats here was wonderful!  We had the Black Cheery Float.  The soda was outstanding.  It also had small pieces of cherries that worked well with the Vanilla Ice Cream.
1	Unless you have 25-30 minutes to wait for a pizza, don't eat here. Wine & beer selection is decent, but the pizza is not worth the wait. Grab a to-go slice if you need something quick.
3	The service was fab (she had my Diet Coke replaced before I was halfway through), the pizza was good (the crust was a little salty- we had the Margherita), and it was very conveniently located inside our hotel. I'd go back if we needed something quick, but at $26 for a pizza, and nowhere near the taste of pizza back in Boston's North End, I wouldn't go running back.
4	Almost perfect pizza! Almost.Went to Five50 for lunch. Had a slice of the Gotham pizza. It was pepperoni, sausage and some other meats. The meats, cheese and sauce were all great. Especially the sauce. They should bottle and sell the sauce.You might notice I didn't include the crust.The crust was, well, crusty. And too much so. Maybe as an Italian I am just too picky about my pizza, but I like crust that you can fold in half, New York style. This crust was just hard and really distracted from what was otherwise an amazing slice of pizza.Fix the crust and you have guaranteed 5-star pizza.Service was also good and the pricing was good for being in a 5-star Vegas resort. I think it was $5.50 for a slice and it was a good sized slice.Definitely going back next time I'm in the Aria.
3	If you happen to be in Aria, it's a good pizza spot. Overall though...eh. Greasy pizza, good chewy crust, service is subpar. If you're in Aria and craving pizza then go. But living here, there's no need to go out of your way.
3	This place looked great after reviewing the menu and looking at what appeared to be real quality ingredients. The pizza did have fresh quality ingredients but the flavor just wasn't there. Bland not a lot of pop and definitely far from what would be considered a good pie. I thought given the location that this place would rock but sadly it fell short. The prices were not bad considering you are in a casino and the service was good. The server was knowledgeable and very polite and honestly the best part of the experience. Beer selection was alright but not really what I would call craft beers. They carry your run of the mill really popular brands but I was hoping for some smaller lesser known brands to really set this place apart from the average place. Overall not bad if your in a pinch but there are a lot of places around ARIA to eat that offer more flavor and more value.
4	So far so good. Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before heading back to work. Very nice wait staff and quick to respond. I ordered the Italian sub which was really good and didn't take long at all. Hopefully I will get a chance to come back later to spend more time here but pressed today. All in all a real nice place, good atmosphere, great waitstaff and the food was really good.
3	Not great, not bad. Pretty expensive for pizza, but then again it is a pizza spot in a major casino on the Las Vegas Strip. The pizza it's self is pretty good, a little less grease would be nice though.
5	Great pizza!  Great venue to watch sports!  The Caesar salads are done very well.  The service is fantastic.
5	SOOOOO YUMMY. wings & pizza to go? YES, please!!!! I'll eat here every time I stay in vegas.
3	Charcuterie board was absolutely delicious!  Drinks were fabulous, fabulous!!  Service was ok, kind of slow, pizza took awhile and when it arrived it was very disappointing.  We ordered a pizza that had clams on it and they were tiny and still in the shells, one per slice of pizza. I think they forgot about our pizza because it didn't seem cooked all the  way, the middle was very limp and mushy.  For this to be a pizza place overall I enjoyed everything but the pizza.  I would go back for the drinks and appetizers, definitely not the pizza
5	The 5 cheese pizza is great..went to a conference 2 weeks ago & i ate this pizza everyday for 5 days lol..tried the pepperoni as well..& the cheese spinach..they were gd but not as good as the 5 cheese one..
3	Decent pizza located inside the Aria. I'm not the biggest fan of pizza so it's hard for me to be greatly impressed by it. Our group of six got a farmstead pizza, a forager pizza, and an order of chicken wings. Wings were decent, although not very memorable. The forager had white sauce, mushrooms, bacon, whipped ricotta, and spinach. The farmstead consisted of proscuitto, creme fraiche, farm egg, and country olives. Both pizzas were pretty good and offered some unique, interesting flavor combinations. They were generous with the toppings although there was quite of bit of grease on them. Some of the slices had quite the soggy crust. At close to $30 per pizza, it's definitely not on the cheap side either. I'll probably try to find someplace else to eat next time I'm in the Aria.
5	Secret Pizza is great, but Five50 is better.Was just back in Vegas for a show, and made the now obligatory trek over to Five50 just before closing.  The place was hopping, but they got the pizzas out quickly.  SOOOO much cheese on the 5 cheese and the perfect amount of spice in the sauce.  The crispness of the crust has a hard time holding up to the generous toppings, especially after a trip across the street to our hotel, but it was still delicious with just the right amount of tang and a pleasant amount of chewiness.
5	Pizza was amazing and they have a full bar!!!!!! Gotham and cheese pizza are great! I will definitely be back here.
4	Was a bit skeptical of this place at first but it is really fantastic. Well flavored pizza cooked well not soggy or easily falling apart. Love their cocktail list and their garlic cheese bread. Good and quick service only thing would be is that it is slightly overpriced.
4	Good pizza , crispy crust !   My husband and I shared a  pizza and a appetizer of warm marinated olives and all was good!Waitress and hostess were also very accommodating!
1	I visited this particular restaurant, during my stay at the Aria. Pizza was decent, priced as everything is in a resort setting. The reason for my rating is this restaurant is extremely unmaintained, (bubbling wallpaper ,wobbling tables, uneven floors). Not really something you would expect in this newer resort. Waitstaff was very apologetic, as they moved us from table to table trying to find an even surface.  The manager Mika was uncaring, rude and dismissive. Definitely would not visit again.
4	Great pizza thin and oven baked with a great crust!I live in Chicago and I have had arguably the best pizza the world and this place is as good as any.Nice decor and great beer list.If your looking for a quick bite in Aria this is the place.And prices are reasonable.I would highly recommend it
3	3 stars for not having slice pieces ready. They were busy filling whole pizza orders. The girl in the front didn't have her game on-busy looking at her self in the mirror. When you get down to the second slice for individual pieces-you limit what your customers are going to buy. I waited 15 minutes for a slice of veggie pizza-wtf? Overall the pizza was good-but I've never had a bad pizza
4	We just wanted to grab a quick bite there. Super nice place. The design is phenomenal like the entire Aria. Everything is about color and texture. Well the staff was very friendly and helpful. We chose six items from their Mozzarella bar. I was surprised about the quality of the food. Very exceptional. I saw them making pizza and what I saw convinced me. I will be back there to try more items for sure.
4	The water is triple filtered yuuuuuuck and the sand was great, the dressing was perfect.  The pizza was good (not the best I ever had, but yummy) they use black and green olives)
1	PASS THIS PLACE- The food and service here were awful. We came into this place with a reservation when we arrived in Vegas in September and right off the bat were not greeted at all. We should have known from there the experience would be bad. We sat down and were immediately rushed into ordering our food and drinks- after our drinks came, which were blah, our food  finally came. We ordered a traditional pepperoni pizza and a side of their so-called-famous meatballs. The pizza was SO GREASY that the oil was literally dripping off the side of the pizza while it was sitting on the stand. When we picked up a slice it would fall apart bc it was so greasy.The meatball was just ok. Nothing to write home about. When our server came back to check on us we mentioned to her that the pizza was on the greasy side. She then said in a very rude tone that "That is how it is and that is normal for ALL pizza". I was offended with that remark. She has no idea what kind of pizza is normal if she thinks THAT was normal. Any who, the manger came over and had a very similar attitude. We paid our expensive tab and left- never to return, as I urge you to do the same.
1	Actually, the pizza was pretty good.  The dough was a bit soggy but such is life.The service, however, yeeks.I booked an 8:00 table via Opentable.  I got there, and though the bar was crowded, many tables were open.  I waited...and waited.Finally, I got a drink at the bar.  I managed to find an open seat, which helped.  Then the hostess (8:30) came to take me to my table, except that there WASN'T A ****ING TABLE.  I was told it would be another 20 minutes or so.  And I had lost my seat at the bar.Thanks.The hostess offered to comp me a drink.  Unfortunately, she evidently didn't tell anyone else, as my drink was still on my tab.  I'm on expense, as I'm here for work, so it really didn't matter enough to argue the point, but come on.  If you promise something, follow through.
5	1st time here.  I heard from a coworker that they have the best pizzas. I gave it a try and decided to try a slice. I got the Forager Pizza because I love mushrooms. Lucky for me I just got a fresh one right out of the oven. It was really creamy and delicious. This very well be the best Pizza in Vegas unless someone can direct me otherwise?
2	We visited on a Monday at 7:45 pm.  There was no wait so we were seated right away.  We waited 20 min for one beer and water.  Grumpy waitress took our order shortly after.   Took over 30 min to get pizza.  We ordered the Gotham.  Crust is very soggy and not even browned on the bottom, despite the edges being burned. Pizza had little flavor and sauce tasted like a spaghetti sauce.  Waters were empty most of the meal. Had to ask for parm and peppers.
4	We ate here with my family for lunch. We started out with the wings which were really good and had a great sweet and spicy flavor. I liked the fact that the pizzas were thin and cooked brick oven style. For the main entree we had the Gotham pizza. It was loaded with lots of meat. We also got the margarita pizza. we got 3 pizzas total and it was more than enough to share. We asked nicely and they changed the nearby tv to the game we wanted to watch. Score! This place looks like it would be a tasty late night option.
1	My dog eats better food than this crap. Glad I spent a ton on this awful lunch. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.
5	Soooooooo good!!!! Soon delicious... do I need to say more? wait yes, friendly staff! It was the last night of a trade show and I was starving and exhausted but very happy to know that this place was still open by the time I got back to the SLS because it was so good just thinking about it waters my mouth!
3	$10.81 for ONE greasy greasy slice of cheese and a sprite...you be the judge...is it worth it for what one slice costs when you can get a whole pie for that price and its quality is pretty similar to delivery.
3	Came here after the LV Rock n Roll Half when I was literally ready to eat anything in my path. Originally, I had thought about Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan, but with the prospect of a potential long wait and no designated seating area, it didn't seem like a good idea. My friend D suggested Five50 as she'd been here before. Unfortunately, this became another case of bad service. When we arrived, we were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait--no problem. But when we were called, our table wasn't actually ready, the bus boys were nowhere to be found, and our hostess was frantically trying to clean the table. We sat down, and a few minutes later, a large party was seated next to us. We still hadn't been greeted. The large party had their order taken first. I was ready to cry... I was famished and I wondered what it would take to get some pizza. Finally our order was taken,  but everything took forever... Getting drinks, etc.  we needed a second pizza (I was starving!!!!) and it took a whole again to flag someone down to order more food. The pizza was quite good. We had the Margharita pizza and it hada nice light crispy crust , the right amount of lovely tomato sauce, and great mozzarella and fresh basil. Who knows? Off night? The pizza is good, but the service was not on point when we were there.
4	We stayed at the Aria recently with some friends and made two stops to five 50. They have a great selection of beers on tap (if you're in the mood for a boozy lunch) and plenty of options with pizzas, charcuterie, sandwiches, and salads. If you are into cheeses - something from the mozzarella bar should do the trick. The pizzas and were delicious and the crust was top notch. The take away bar is great for a late night slice, don't look past the Forager. Great place!
3	Really liked the atmosphere! Great tables, chairs and ambiance! Wait staff was somewhat aloof but pretty nice at the same time. The salad with the figs and pomegranate seeds was quite good yet a bit small for the price. The pizza was decent but nothing to write home about at all. The crust was ok but quite tough to chew. I think the dough was a bit too dense/over-kneaded. The sauce was fine and the cheese was decent without being great. I enjoyed my time here and would give it a 3.5 if I could. I would say this is not a bad place to check out but there are so many other options and $26 for a margherita pizza is a bit on the silly side in terms of price (silly being a code word for ridiculous)- even in comparison to other Vega$ places.
1	Girl was kind enough to tell me that I always don't tip when I purchase my Pizza to go.  I've been a server/host for 5 years so I guess I don't know a thing about tipping? I guess it takes real skill to put my Pizza on a plate and ring me out at the register? I mean if she was my waitress of course I would tip her. I don't think I'm going to feel comfortable purchasing a Pizza here again...
4	Living in Los Angeles, but being an east coast guy, it can be trying sometimes dealing with the certifiably awful, tasteless pies Angeleno's call pizza. I wasn't expecting any different of Vegas, but upon a casino shop worker's recommendation we tried Five50 for a slice and a beer one night. We sidled on up to the bar for a late night snack. I had the forager, a white sauce, mushroom, spinach and ricotta concoction, while the wife had the simple five cheese.Wow, good pizza. Really good pizza. No, seriously, really good pizza. So good, we came back the next night and ordered a whole cheese with whipped ricotta and wood oven fired tomatoes. Even better. Really an eclectic take on a classic east coast pizza, done wood oven style with crispy crust. They also had a good selection of pricey but tasty tap beers. Put aside for a minute that its rather expensive for pizza , a single pie is $25 to $30, and beers run $8-$9 cocktails $14, then again everything in Vegas seems to be pricey these days, this was easily the best pie I have had in LV to date. Cost knocks it down from 5 stars, and service was spotty at times, but certainly not terrible. Recommended if you need either a quick slice or a whole pie, a single pizza would serve 3, and is plenty for 2. Recommended!
5	I stayed at the Aria and had the pizza twice, I had the Gotham, it had pepperoni, sausage and some other types of meat, very delicious. Its a brick oven style pizza. nice, chewy crust, sauce had awesome flavor.
4	Solid pizza place, I had the truffle pizza and my buddy had the north beach pizza. The truffle pizza was way better, order it. The service was great, we found a seriously dirty clam on our last piece, and the manager gave us the pizza half off. Nice guy, thanks guy. They had some local brews on tap (what a hipster sentence) and they were good, try them. Thanks place
4	I've been here twice now -- the first time we sat down to eat, and this past visit we just grabbed a slice to-go. If you're in Aria and like pizza, this is a great joint to hit up with a group and share a 16" pizza. You can get it half-and-half to appease picky eaters :)The North Beach is yummy (I love seafood haha)! Clams, smoked mozzarella, sweet onions, oregano. I don't think I've had a seafood pizza before this. The other half was the Picante -- ghost chili salami, shishito, calabrian chili, roasted sweet peppers. It was a bit too spicy for me, but it was really good too; I had to unwillingly hand over the other half of my slice to my friend. $28 + tip and tax for the full pizza isn't bad since the pizza feeds 4 people. Don't forget to grab a spiked shake! I ordered the Las Vegas Root Beer Float (vanilla ice cream, caramel Butterfinger crumbles, Boylan's root beer) -- it's kinda pricey at $9 + $6 for the Jagermeister, but hey, it's Vegas. I enjoyed my boozy lunch :) This past trip, my friends and I just wanted a snack, so we took a look at the to-go display case. There are fewer options to choose from when you're getting a slice to-go, but oh well. Since it was the week of Thanksgiving, they had a turkey confit pizza! It was quite an interesting pizza -- turkey and cranberries with a white sauce. Props to the executive chef, Shawn Mcclain. Oh yeah, the bonus? He was nominated for the James Beard Foundation's Best New Restaurant award for his new restaurant Spring, at the time.
2	Terrible service on Christmas Eve! Waitress doesn't want to be here and she made that very clear. Asked her how her night was..... "It's Christmas Eve I would rather be with my kids." Wow not really sure where to go from there way to make it awkward. Food great. Atmosphere usually great. But really if you are trying to pull at heart string for a bigger tip by telling me how much you hate being at work no go kitten sorry.
1	Terrible service experience. After waiting 20 minutes with no wait staff acknowledging our presence, we began to wonder if this was a self-service restaurant.  The place was less than half full and still not one person stopped by our table to help us. Pizza is ok but is absolutely not worth the hassle.
4	I was so excited to finally see some good beer on tap here in Vegas! The pizza is delicious, but it's expensive. You get a 16 inch pizza and prices for their signature pies range upwards to $30. The create your own pizza starts at $22 for a cheese pizza, and each topping is $2, $3, or $4, depending on the topping. We got a half pepperoni and mushroom and half eggplant, onion, and mushroom pizza. As I said, it was tasty. It was a thin crust that was slightly crunchy. Unfortunately, even though we got our toppings on half the pizza, with the exception of the mushrooms, they charged us the full price for each topping (e.g., they still charged us the full $2 for the eggplant, even though it was only on half the pizza). Beers were up to $10 for a pint and could be up to $30 for a pitcher.I get that the target crowd at Aria might not think the prices were as high as I thought they were. Ultimately, the food is great, but you probably could find better deals elsewhere.
3	Tasty, but BEYOND greasy.  Being from Chicago, we are pizza snobs, but this was by far the greasiest pizza we've ever had.  We both had a to-go slice of the forager (white pizza) to bring back to the room.  The box and three to four napkins were soaked with grease before I could take a bite...I was glad I had a sink to wash my hands and face when done, but it was quite tasty, just not what I'm used to.  Because it's so limp, they should give you a fork and knife with purchase, as it's very difficult to eat with your hands  But I'm a pizza diva.
4	Consistently delicious and a pretty good value. One of my favorite pizza places in Vegas.
4	I'm not really sure how good was that pizza. I am sure that I came there after 4 hours at the bar and god knows how many drinks. I ate 4 full slices, including the crust and the grease and it was delicious. For what I remember, this place worth at least 4 stars.
5	Our original plan had been to go to the Aria buffet and then off to our show but after an hour in line we realized it wasn't going to happen and had to come up with an alternative plan fast. It turned out to be the Five50. Best alternate plan ever.I always judge a restaurant by customer service first then the food. The customer service was spot on the evening we were there. We had no wait, our order was taken quickly, drinks arrived in a timely manner, as did the food. The server, Sam, was very  friendly and courteous.We had a basic pizza with onions and bacon. It came with full on slices of bacon and chunks of onion. No cutting back which made the price more than worth it.  It was hot, cheesy, and messy just like you'd expect a great pizza to be.I'm not sure how to judge the cost. Yes it was expensive but it's Vegas and it's the Aria. What do you expect? As long as the customer service and food are above par then I'm fine with cost.I can definitely recommend Five50 and we will be back.
3	12.28.14We wanted a space to watch the afternoon NFL games. The sportsbook was packed. This was right next door.Draft beer choices were plentiful. The garlic knots caught my eye. And my tastebuds. Good choice to start a Vegas trip, if I do say so myself.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/five50-pizza-bar-las-vegas?select=XRM_mgogfulWCg8dBzpHLg#XRM_mgogfulWCg8dBzpHLgNotes: 550 is the degree at which they cook their pizzas. It's also the cost of a slice. Perks of sitting at the bar.Total damage for two: $46
5	Grabbed a slice before we saw zarkana and were very pleasantly surprised. Amply sized slice for the casino-price. Great taste and VERY cheesy like I like it.
