1	This mall is the worst in Las Vegas!  The only plus is a Mervyns, but that lacks a lot in selection.  They have many rules and will try to kick you out!  It is hard to find close parking.  The mall is always empty and stores have noticed that which is why some stores are closed, such as KB Toys, Franklin Covey, and Spencer's Gifts.  The food court never has clean seating and there is even a perfume shop and a cigarette/newspaper store in the food court, which is very strange...There's only 2 outparcels that I like and that is Scholtzky's and LensCrafters, or maybe its Eyemasters, not sure.
3	I used to work at this mall (Beyond the Beach, may you rest in peace) and I have watched it grow from a smaller, pretty typical mall, into a larger, pretty typical mall. I enjoy the additions though, so in case you haven't been in a while, here is what's new:Forever 21 (finally, no more trips to the Boulevard)Dick's (Like I really care about a rock wall, but it's fun to watch)Zizzash...or something like that...juniors clothes. Nothing special.A couple new jewelry stores to drool inA Starbucks. So mad it wasn't here when I was working.And a convenience store, where I spent most of my money. So sad.Enjoy fellow shoppers!
4	This is the best mall in Las Vegas/Henderson. Its always jamming the stores are nice and they have a broad seelction with a nice food court plus Chevy's and Red Robin sitdown restaurants. The mall is located right off the freeway and right across from Sunset Station Casino.
4	not as good as the primm outlet/ fashion show but equally have great deals & its a nice part of henderson
4	I've been a customer of the Galleria Mall since its conception in Vegas.  I absolutely love this mall, and spent much of my teen years at the old "Tilt" arcade and several stores.  The mall doesn't have the super-high end MetroPark, Nordstrom's, or Sak's clothing stores that the Fashion show, Forums, or Miracle Mile shops have.  The key with the Galleria is that it caters to a niche customer.  They offer several stores in their area that you would have to drive half-way across town to get to.  They also have just put in a Kohl's, and are bringing back a childhood favorite of mine; Spencer's gifts, this summer.
4	I've been going to this place since it opened in 1996. Not only is it the mall closest to my house, it's also (in the humble opinion of this reviewer) the best mall in the Vegas Valley. First and foremost, this place scores points for being one of the few malls in town that is actually in a "nice" location. The selection of stores is one of the best around, and is easily on par with, possibly better than, the other "normal" malls in town. Disappointingly, some of my favorite places in the mall, namely Suncoast, the arcade, the B. Dalton bookstore, and the KB (I liked that place for their video game deals) have closed down. But there are still plenty of good places to shop, no matter what you're looking for. There are no shortage of dining options, either. In addition to the usual fast food fare of McDonalds, Panda Express, and Sbarro, the mall also features Red Robin and Chevy's "dine-in" restaurants. There are plenty of snack/dessert places as well, including pretzel and cookie vendors. The mall occupies 2 floors and has a huge variety of stores. The layout is easy to navigate, and it is very hard to get lost in here. When they designed this mall (and did the expansions a few years back), they did a good job.A mall can't have everything, but this place does the best job of any such facility in town. It's convenient for Henderson residents, and definitely superior to any further away mall in the valley.
3	Although this mall is extremely far away from my neighborhood, I enjoy coming here for events they have.  In the past couple of years I've attended at least 3 or 4 events here.  Most recently, I attended the Battle Swagger B-Boy Competition last weekend.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyioBGi083oHere are the Pros/Cons of the mall:Pros- Easy to access from the US 95 freeway.  You can get to it from Galleria Dr or Sunset Rd.- Parking is easy.  Most of the events are held in the area near the Food Court, so park around back where the Food Court is for easy access in/out of events.- They have a decent selection of stores.  One store they have that the other Malls don't have is Dick's Sporting Goods.Cons- It's getting run down a little bit.  The crowd that hangs out there is sometimes sketchy.- The Food Court blows.....some malls have improved their offerings, this one is stuck in the 90's with their food offerings.Will I return?  For events and to shop at Dick's Sporting Goods.
3	I would rate this mall at 2.5 stars, there's just nothing very impressive about it. Maybe it was because I was hungry, but I didn't feel the usual excitement I feel when entering a mall. Maybe it's because this particular location seems more like a middle school hang out than a place to spend your day shopping. I feel the stores are a little outdated. I much prefer Town Square.
4	This one of the nicer malls in town. The interior is well lit, spacious, clean and has a wide variety of shops on two floors. It's pretty easy to navigate without losing track of where you parked. There is a large food court with a yummy greek restaurant, Kyklos. Two full restaurants and a Starbucks also nestle in among the shops. There's a large fountain inside and no casino attached! There's a payless shoes located inside that had a better selection than some of the stand alone stores I've been in. Some of the stores have great sales. Overall most seem well maintained. There's also a stand alone "hurricane" booth, that you stand in and it blasts you with 70-80 MPH winds. It's an entertaining diversion that can fit two people and costs $2.
4	This is the mall I go to when its to hot to visit Town Square or for something different. They have alot of stores I like and the food court is nice. They even have a toddler play area there..which can be handy after a few hours of your little one being in a stroller.During Easter they have a cute bunny for the kids to take pix with but @ Xmas the Santa is better @ Town Square. He has his own house there.I still manage to get here every couple of weeks and usually leave with a bag from somewhere..
3	Spacious mall. You could easily spend a few hours here. Great location just off the freeway.
3	Galleria on Sunset is a good mall. It's not amazing, you aren't going to find all sorts of high end shops here... Go to the Strip for that. Galleria on Sunset is more of your standard, suburban shopping mall. The mall is easy to see get to from the 95, in fact an additional exit was recently added to make access even easier. Parking is plentiful, even when there are special events going on in the parking lots like RV sales or a haunted house. As for the stores, they are pretty basic. Macy's, Dillards, Kohl's, Dick's Sporting Goods and JC Penny are the anchors. There is also a library, which I have never been into. Dillard's is an ok department store, they carry Mac cosmetics. Kohl's is overpriced. Usually when I go to Galleria on Sunset it is to go to one of the smaller shops like Victoria's Secret, Express, Bath and Body Works, bebe. The food court isn't that great, it gets pretty crowded and the teenagers that frequent the mall leave trash all over the tables. Red Robin and Chevy's are better options for eating then the food court in my opinion. It's not a 5 star shopping experience but it's good enough to keep my coming back.
4	Ok...so just to be clear...I am not a big mall person in general. I am one of those girls that runs in for her "free panty" at Victoria Secret or a hot Cinnabon to go. I do not linger for hours from store to store. I think I only frequent 3 or 4 stores in the mall.My favorites1) Express2) Macy's3) See' Candy (for my free candy to keep me going on my shopping extravaganza_4) Khols - I like the mall one better  than the free standing one...I don't know why...maybe because I can get a Cinnabon after :)5) Victoria SecretOverall I like the Galleria Mall. It is close to home, they have nice holiday decorations, and they never let me down. So, for a non mall person, I like this mall! Hows about them apples!
2	I'm not a fan of this place because the stores are not for me. I've tried to come here on two occasions and it's cluttered looking and everyone looks unhappy. That's goes for both the shoppers and employees of the stores. I've got to try out the mediterrean place and some of the other stores maybe it'll get one more sta
3	This mall is called the Galleria.. but a Galleria it is not. I'm from TX and Gallerias are always 4 stories tall - and typically will have an ice skating rink at the bottom. This one has neither attributes. It is however 2 stories and has your standard large stores. 1) JCP2)Macy's3)Dillard's4)Kohl'sand strangely it does not have a Sears??? Instead it has a Dick's Sporting Goods, which is one of the most overpriced sporting good stores I've been to. I guess I've been spoiled previously by the Academy in Texas. Much more affordable and they even have a clearance section with a lot of great stuff and Team gear.This mall's best features is proably Victoria's Secret, Hot Topic, and As Seen on TV. Oh and the Yogurt Rocks place. Cant forget that one. I love getting great deals @ JCP for dresses and things. They have the most frequent sales and if I watn to buy something and walk out and wear it I usually go there. This mall does not have:SearsSephora (not even the Sephora that is inside the JCP)Spencers. FOOD COURT:Standard Hot Dog on a stick, Japanese/chinese placeit's a Wrap (this place is good.. but big so share with a friend)McDonald'sPanda ExpressSee's Candies (my bf likes to buy me things here much much too often)RESTAURANTS:Red Robin, yum...http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-robin-americas-gourmet-burgers-and-spirits-henderson#hrid:_lujqTa7aJHZGk8dx6F6awCHEVY'S. I finally ate here.. please see each review separately. Smoothie place which is gooood.http://www.yelp.com/biz/chevys-fresh-mex-restaurant-henderson#hrid:x3EEfZF3W1bcp8oER92lWg
5	I love the food court and the Valet Parking. Also this mall doesnt have the Riff Raff other Vegas malls have. Its always clean and Security is always roving thru so nothing can happen to you car hopefully.
3	I've been coming to the Galleria since junior high ever since I moved to Vegas. It's been around 10 years or so, and while some shops have come and gone, the atmosphere of this place remains the same. I think I've been to this mall more times than I can count, and while not my favorite mall, it's definitely a local's spot, far away from tourists and crowds. My favorite places to go in this mall are:1. See's Candies2. Forever 213. Rhapsodielle (Formerly known as Fashion Q)4. DillardsThe mall is kept clean and I feel safe while browsing the stores, unlike some of the other malls in town. The only complaint I have about this place is the amount of teenagers running around, but then again, I was one of them a couple years back. Oh how time flies by.
2	So, I should start this off by saying malls aren't my favorite places to shop. Overly commercial and "trendy," they're just not my cup of tea. That being said, this mall is nothing great. However, compared to other malls in Vegas this is probably in my top two. I go to this mall the most often. This seems to be more due to location and friends than store options, though. I mostly stick to one wing of the mall (By Macy's) with the stores I frequent being Fashion Q (really the only reason I return now a days), The Kitchen Sink, Auntie Anne's Pretzels, Hot Topic and Spencer's gifts. Now that Hot Topic has jumped on the trendy band wagon and there is no longer the silver store across from Fashion Q, my interest in coming here has dwindled.My main complaint about this mall though is the lack of store variety. They seem to all be "popular" clothing stores (mostly aimed at young women). Where are the pet stores and book stores from the malls I grew up with?
3	Not as impressive as some of the stores on the Strip, but usually more accessible than most malls. I mean please people, it is a MALL
5	Galleria Mall is convenient for me. They have all the stores I like. Its easy to get in and out. You can park near the store you need to go to and enter and exist from the store. I usually park at Macy's I go in get what I need and get out. Its fast and you don't have to walk the entire mall just to visit one store.
4	This mall has one of the best stores ever. G by Guess! HY
3	I don't know what it is...but over the years, I find this mall kinda boring. I have worked at four malls and two shopping centers in the 12 years I've lived in Vegas...the Galleria was the first mall I worked at and I loved it.  If I rated it back then, I probably would have given it all five stars nut as the years progressed, the mall didn't. I know some of it has to do with the actual economy (what isn't affected by the economy these days?) but to me, the mall seems to have lost its luster.    Maybe it's because I don't shop as much...or maybe I think certain shops are overrated...or maybe I've worked in retail long enough to know that most shops charge way too for their products. If you come from a small town where there is no mall, it's a great place because it has a little bit of everything. For me, since I'm a deal shopper, I rarely find good deals unless I'm at Kohl's with my coupon or find that special one-of-a kind-99% off-because-no-one-knows-what-price-it-is-so-they-guess deal at some stores like Macy's.   Worth a trip if someone gave you a gift certificate to this place, or your significant other wins the jackpot and offers to take you shopping, want to be a mall-walker in the morning to lose weight/stay fit, people watch, window shop or waste time. I give it a 3 because wow...with the economy, I can always get good parking on the weekdays, it's simply "aight" and if I really just want to waste time, it's five minutes away from home!
4	Its a nice mall, but its just such a far drive from North las Vegas. On a positive side to that though is that its not packed with a billion out-of-state tourist.  There were so many stores there and it was huge, so definitely be ready for some exercise. I was kind of bummed they didn't have sears though. Isn't that weird?I thought so. My husbands favorite store is sears for tools, and they didn't even have it. wth! Oh well. If it was closer to NLV, I'd probably come here more often, but since its not... no thanks. I'll just always make sure to stop by there if i'm ever out in the area. Its a nice mall, so def worth checking out.
3	Walking through this mall recently has taught me that some things never change and some will disappear as a fad.With Town Square closer to my house, it has been years since I have gone to the Galleria. The atmosphere is still the same, the abundance of teenagers roaming the mall to kill time is still present. The stores, on the other hand, have changed up so many times that I am starting to forget what is an original and what has been replaced.Already on this side of town we stopped by for some ice cream and walk around in the aircon. The food court is still a popular hang out with Hot Dog on a Stick, Cinnabon, Dairy Queen/Orange Julius and other popular fares geared towards the teenage crowd.Two places that got my business were the Dairy Queen and Express. The Blizzards at this location are not as thick as others and would not pass the upside down test. It still tasted delicious. The girls that work the stand were friendly and upbeat. A definite plus.The salespeople at Express were great. They came on a bit strong in the beginning, but it did not feel like I was getting pressured into buying stuff. Instead, it felt like an "I'm bored, so I will focus on you". I ended up getting two shirts and two ties for a little over a hundred. The selection is good and they carried a wide range of sizes. I was only disappointed in not being able to find one shirt out of the six that caught my eye in my size. Check Express' website to see if they have any promotional coupons. My friend looked it up while I was trying on clothes and saved me $30 on top of all the in store discounts.
3	This mall is quite small. It wasn't a mall as I expected, but it was still worth going. When we got here, we didn't buy anything as we only came here to check it out and not shop. Cool little mall spot to walk around, but it is small so we got through it pretty quick. Probably took 30 minutes to get around the whole thing. I'm probably not use to small malls as we have "Great Mall" in the Bay area which is HUGE. I'm not going to knock on this mall because it does have the stores that people like to go to when they go shopping, but we weren't there for that reason, we were just there to walk around. With that experience, I can't rate this thing higher than a 3 as the same stores are just about in every mall in the Bay. If they has something that they didn't have that I can only get here, I wouldn't mind rating it a little higher. This mall is just too similar to other malls, no originality means it won't get the rating it should.
4	It's a decent mall.  They have everything I need.  There is even a library location to drop off books or pick up a few.  I live down the street and drive by it daily.  There is no other mall in town I would bother going the distance to do my shopping.  Yes, I like Town Square, but outside mall is not that great of an idea in Las Vegas.  Sorry, see me at Sunset!
3	I like this mall, I do. There's downsides, like every mall, but it's cleaner than the Meadows, not as touristy as the Las Vegas Outlets (eh.. they keep changing the name on this one. I think it's gone from Bellz to Las Vegas Outlets now to Premium Outlets - South. lol), certainly not as pretentious or crowded as Fashion Show, and not subject to Las Vegas weather like the Premium Outlets (North? lol). There's gangs of teenagers roaming around, but they're really not a bother. The stores are a mixture of high end and regular ol' department stores. The food court is average, the place is generally clean. What can I say? Just average in my book, but convenient to my house and somewhere I'll go when I need something from the mall I can't get anywhere else. A-Ok.
3	When in Vegas, and you want a break away from the touristy outlet mall, this mall is not far away.
3	This mall is very nice, clean, and much less full of tweens and angry high schoolers than the Meadows Mall near me.  We went jacket shopping at all the locales, and were given a great selection of prices and stops along the way.  It feels... smaller than it should, I guess.Negatives for having a huge Christmas setup with singing bears around HALLOWEEN.
4	Honestly this is my favorite mall in Las Vegas. Perhaps it is not as glammy as the Fashion Show, but the FS is on the Strip, which is a place I try to avoid most of the time. Although it's in Henderson I would much rather go out of my way to drive here than to go to the mall that is closest to me (Boulevard). Plus, this mall has great stores and restaurants around it as well.I think it offers a good variety of stores. I particularly like the Victoria Secret here and Dick's Sporting Goods. Generally this mall is full of families, and often teenagers. Really you're never going to get away from the groups of teenagers at malls - it's just a fact of life. It's clean, efficient and has a decent food court as well. Even has a yogurt place and hey, there's a McDonalds! A big plus is - there's hardly any tourists, so you're shopping amongst locals for the most part and that is nice. One downside - you aren't going to find any high end stores here. But there's always the Fashion Show for that.
1	I hate malls. There, I said it. I especially hate malls like this one. It's rundown and with virtually no decent stores. Why shop here when you can shop at far prettier places with the exact same stores and tons of better ones? The only thing nice that I guess can be said about this mall is that it is perhaps more convenient that say the Strip or Town Square and definitely has lots of parking.
3	Of the four major malls with anchor stores, I'd say Galleria is my second favorite. Actually, I don't even count the Meadows and Boulevard as real malls-in my mind they don't exist.The Galleria is your standard local mall- anchor stores (Macy's, JC Penney, Dillards-is Dillards still around, possibly a Kohl's-I don't even know!) and your mall basics-The Gap, Wet Seal, Victoria's Secret, Journeys, Bath & Body, Express, Hollister etc. I'm more of an online shopper nowadays, so any of the newer mall staples, I'm not really familiar with, so not sure if they have them here.They have a food court with a pretty good Greek place (Kyklos) and again, standard mall fare.Around the holidays they bust out Santa and the Easter bunny and I think they have other types of special events-for example one of the Disney channel tweens came out for a mini-concert and book signing. I guess if I had kids I'd appreciate this mall a little more because it seems to be the most family oriented and it's relatively safe.
2	I was really disappointed with this mall.  I went in to kill some time and I couldn't shop at any of the stores.  They were either all for teenagers or people with families. They had this one over priced "boutique" that sold expensive skanky dresses.  If the dress barely covers my a$$, it shouldn't cost $80+. I'm going else where.
3	You'll find what ur lookinG!! As for the items available they curve to the trend of the area...I love Dallas & Houston Galleria...Customer Service iz always GR88T in this place tho ~_~
4	This is my favorite mall in town.  For whatever reason, I really don't care for the Fashion Show mall, and the Meadows is really grimy.  This mall fits my needs.  It's close to my house, has all the typical mall stores, and it's well-lit and nice.  The Galleria Mall is full of relatively normal people - of course, there is the typical smattering of teenagers, but you kinda have to expect that.  I like how family-friendly this mall seems to be.  I love those dorky dancing/singing bears they put out for every holiday.  Reminds me of going to the mall when I was a kid.
3	Vegas really doesn't have a good mall. This one is certainly easy to get to and has some staple stores (Dillards, Macys, Victoria's Secret, Etc) but is still not amazing. Its still easier then going to the Strip to got to Planet Hollywood, Fashion Show or Forum Shops... so points for that. Someone needs to spend some money and really pump up this mall because it has the potential to be more then just good.
3	Cool spot!
4	This was practically my first time in Henderson, and all I gotta say is that Henderson is NOT Las Vegas. The people here are actually normal!What I hate about Las Vegas(especially NW Las Vegas) is that people can't seem to articulate speech, and no one knows where anything is. A person can live at the same house for years but not know what street he/she lives on.  It appears that 80% of the city didn't even pass Middle School... Everyone is completely broke and addicted to either alcohol or gambling. And the ones who are addicted to gambling considers themselves "professional gamblers" even though they never turn a profit.  Nobody can afford clothes so they wear their old gym shorts from high school, and the free T-shirt that Station Casino hands out at their Players Club booth. Even when I was living in Summerlin, my neighbors would ask me for money whenever they saw me. Right now, as I am writing this I can hear a domestic disturbance going on in my neighborhood. It seems like every night Metro shows up due to domestic violence. Also, everyone is profanely overweight and just plain ugly. Henderson is a breath of fresh air.  The girls are hot, and everyone is much more friendlier than Las Vegas people.  Also, they actually have an up-to-date mall for locals to hang out in. In LV, most the malls are marketed towards tourists(town square etc), and the locals malls are all located in sh!tty parts of town. The Galleria was really awesome mainly because unlike LV malls, it didn't smell like piss.Practically, the only reason  I like Galleria is because it is actually clean compared to typical Las Vegas standards.  The first thing I noticed when I got out of my car was that there wasn't a ton of garbage in the parking lot. At the Meadows and the Boulevard Mall, the parking lot tends to look like a landfill. When I got into the mall, I immediately noticed that there wasn't any of that weird sticky stuff on the floor. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. People in Henderson should be really proud of themselves. They should also consider building a wall to separate their great city from Las Vegas.
5	By far one of the best malls for locals
3	I HATE the kiosks in this place.  If it weren't for the insane number of kiosk vendors, Galleria Mall would get four stars from me.  There are too many and they block the traffic flow in the mall.  The sales people are pushy and rude and get in customers' way.  Attention kiosk vendors!  No one is at the mall to buy the CRAP you sell.  We're here to shop at real stores.With that said, Galleria Mall is pretty nice: my second favorite in town behind Fashion Show.  They have pretty much anything you could want or need.  Dick's, Macy's, Dillard's, Kohls, and JC Penny.  All decent stores.  The smaller shops are good too.  Whether you want a new ring, new running shoes, or a new phone, there's a place to find what you want. The food court also is pretty good, although I could do without the standard Sbarro and McDonald's.  It would be nice to see some more creative fare.  One of my favorite places to eat, Kyklos Greek, is in the food court.  Some of the best Greek food you'll find in town.Galleria Mall is just a mall.  It's nothing special, but it does the job.
4	People who were born and raised in cities make me laugh. "Oh, this mall doesn't have a great selection of stores, oh, this mall is far away, oh, this mall (fill-in-the-blank)." This review, bear in mind, is coming from a girl who had to drive 50, that's five-zero, miles to the nearest mall while growing up. With that being my history, most malls are acceptable, if not top-of-the-line in my eyes. That said, Galleria at Sunset feels pretty "suburban" in the land of Fashion Shows and Grand Canal Shoppes. It's got some good anchors and restaurants, and a fair amount of niche market chains...Pac Sun, Charlotte Russe, Brookstone. It's the shopping area nearest my house, so I frequent it, and again, coming from someone whose mall was 50 miles away growing up, it's pretty excellent.
1	This review is for the euphemistically named "Guest Services" kiosk near the food court.I am not one to relish giving one star reviews, but in this case, I am anxious to get this review done.  I went to the Galleria to buy a gift certificate for a friend who recently retired.  There was no one at Guest Services.  No sign such as "Out to Lunch" (literally or figuratively) or "Be Back in 15 minutes), nothing!After waiting for about 5 minutes, I went to a nearby jewelry store and asked if there was another mall office.  No, that's it.  I waited another 10 minutes and no one showed.  I bet if I had gone behind the counter, something I could have easily done, security and other guest services associates would have descended on the kiosk.I left and drove to Chinatown where I got the friend a gift card for an Asian grocery.  That's what I should have done in the first place.
4	They took out the Sanrio store!!!! :/I used to frequent this mall when I lived in this area in high school. It has a good selection of stores and recently has had some more upscale retailers join in. There is now a Coach store as well as a Guess store. They also have the usuals like Forever 21, Foot Locker etc.This is a nice clean mall with a great selection of stores. Hellz yeah I'll be back anytime I'm in town.
4	Black Friday!  I've never been shopping on black Friday!  Only reason I went here is because my niece was here visiting, and wanted Sees Candy, and to hit the mall.  I was very surprised it wasn't like I had seen on TV.  I just parked in the rear of the parking lot, because I just figured why even try and park closer.  As we walked towards the mall, there was plenty of parking.  The mall wasn't as crowed as I expected.  Great deals OMG, I'm glad I left my credit card at home!  lol
4	The mall is pretty basic for a mall.  The layout isn't confusing like some malls  where I get lost doing circles.  The store selection has all the basics that I would expect as well as a few smaller shops that I appreciate having around.  The foos selections are good too, with Red Robin and Chevy's if you want to really sit down and relax.  There is parking all over the place so it's usually pretty easy to get a spot.
2	So I'm a California native use to malls being big, crowded and with overly helpful sales people. I'm spoiled, I know. I've been on the hunt for a good mall in close relation to the strip for quite some time and after my first visit to Galleria I'll still be on the hunt. It was ok, nothing impressive, nothing to really write home about but I guess enough to YELP about. Store selection was minimal and kind of generic. No boutique type stores that caught my eye. You're go to mall basics like Forever 21, Express, Bebe and Macys were small with a minimal selection. I found it odd that I had to wade my way through an ocean of kiosks dodging sales people just to make it from one end of the mall to the other. NO ONE LIKES KIOSKS CRAP!! I also wouldn't call this mall anything close to high end. Kohls and Dicks Sporting goods are 2 of the anchor stores. No Nordstrom!? BooooIn a few stores I found myself annoyed I couldn't check out some of the products because teenage groups took over sections of the store. I'm all for dropping my kids at the mall when there old enough but I hope my kids would have the decency to assemble in the food court! Ooohh and the food court. It was about 10 spots to choose from and nothing that looked mouthwatering except for maybe a hot pretzel which I avoided. Holiday Diet for me! I opted for the Japanese place next to the Greek one everyone talks about. It was decent. Terry chicken and rice. I left with some good finds but my hunt continues for a decent mall in the Las Vegas area!
4	The Galleria is one of the nicer suburban malls I've stepped foot into. While it doesn't have the glitz and glamour of Fashion Show, it doesn't make you deal with Strip traffic or underground parking garages either. Access from I-515 is relatively easy with light traffic. The parking lots have active security patrolling to keep it extra safe. Inside the mall is clean, occupancy is high so there's hardly any empty storefronts, and it has a bright, comfortable feel to the place. The food court is surprisingly good with one standout restaurant: Kyklos Mediterranean which is well worth your time to check out. While my favorite malls are Fashion Show in Vegas, FlatIron Crossing in Colorado, Independence Center in KC, or Battlefield Mall in Springfield, MO this is the mall closest to home. And fortunately for me it's a good one and it compares quite nicely with my favorites. 4 Strong Stars.....
3	okay mall, has a decent selection of stores.
4	My favorite mall in the Las Vegas area.  Fashion Show might have more stores inside but Galleria is better to visit because of the stores (everything you'd need) that surround it.  In the mall, there are the usual department and specialty stores (including See's candies - yum) with a decent food court (try the garlic chicken from the Hawaiian place).  In the outskirts of the parking lot there are Walgreens, Panera Bread, and Mix-N-Mac (among others).  Less than a five minute drive away, there are Target, Big Lots, Sears, Walmart, Best Buy, Costco, Capriotti's, Stein Mart, Burlington Coat Factory, Vons, appliance and furniture stores, and Sweet Tomatoes.  Can't think of anything a visitor or resident might need that isn't available in or very near to Galleria.
4	The Galleria Mall is one of the few malls where you'll find mostly locals.  Malls like Galleria remind me of the malls in California.  Almost every time I'm in Henderson, I always make a stop at the Galleria mainly for Dick's Sporting Goods, GNC, and FedEx.  I know, I'm boring.  But that doesn't mean that there isn't a ton of shopping to be had here.  All I gots to say...this is one clean mall with plenty of stores to keep everyone happy.  If you're looking for a mall where you can easily get in and out, I think the Galleria is one of them.  My suggestion, pull up the directory so you can figure out where to park. I tend to park at Dick's Sporting Goods because most of the stores that I frequent and the food court is near.  As for food, there's a mix in their food court.  They even have Hawaiian but for some reason just doesn't taste the same in a mall.  Regarding the food, just eat outside this mall.  There's plenty of places to chow down at surrounding this mall anyway. Shopping: http://www.galleriaatsunset.com/directoryDining:  http://www.galleriaatsunset.com/directory
4	Generic, but good selection of stores that I would shop at. Nothing really stands out as amazing about this mall, but it is decent in its own way.
3	This is a cute little mall it has more than small town malls do, but much less than malls that occupy the strip do. I'm not a huge fan of the layout, it seems like the malls in Nevada smoosh all of their stores together with no real rhyme or reason. You wont find the greatest deals here, but it is nice to be away from the busier side of town. I'm torn on this one. I will go here when I don't want to be bombarded with as many people but downtown is the best for prices and selection.
3	It sounds like this mall is getting a "makeover" and boy, does it need it (I read something about it in the free "View" newspaper).  Friends and I came here today for a girls' shopping afternoon and we just weren't feeling it.  Many storefronts throughout the mall have that white board of shame.  I hope that there are some really cool stores slated to come here because the mall just feels sad and is majorly lacking shops that interest me.  (Ahem, Banana Republic, please.)  If I were a 16 year old girl, this place would be so much more appealing.  For now, I continue to come through every now and then for Kohl's, Macy's and Dick's but I'd go out of my way to the outlets, Fashion Show, etc. for any other real shopping.
3	Great place for me to get my vitamins.
4	This was a good mall to walk around in and kill some time...I hit a few of the stores here, and rented out one of those little shopping cart race cars for Soul.  For only $5 all day, it is always the way to go, that way I am not luggin around the stroller and have a place to put all the bags!Really wish they had areas for the kids to go crazy in though...no play area, not many little rides and stuff to keep them busy and to burn off steam like some of the other malls around town.But it is a clean mall, not ghetto, and they have a decent selection here.  Check it out :)
4	This mall is going through some major changes since the last time I was here.  The kids play area is no longer in the food court and the sitting area/water fountian that use to be out side build a bear is gone.  When its over 100 degrees outside it nice to be able to get out of the house and walk around window shopping.
4	Galleria mall is the last decent locals mall.
3	It's an older Mall but seems to be doing OK. They've got your usual department stores and all the little hole in the wall stores as well. There's a huge Dick's Sporting goods store though. I went in the other day and they're installing an H&M which I don't shop at but I hear people like to over pay for stuff there. The food court is pretty lacking...Sbarro is the only one I eat at. The parking lot is a hot mess with people cutting across aisles and whatnot so be careful
3	Right now they are doing a lot of work in the middle of the mall so you have a few detours to do. But, they are still filled with awesome stores for everyone.
5	This is my favorite mall in Vegas besides the outlet mall on Las Vegas blvd and the one off Martin Luther king. Anyways this location is convenient there is a lot of great places in henderson.. Plus I love the victoria secret, gymboree and gap stores in here :) they have a great selection
3	Its a average suburbia mall and definitely you can tell it isn't new, but it's a decent place to circle around and waste some time. I think it is slightly nicer than the Meadows and more quiet than going to the strip to the Fashion Show. I've only been here twice.and it seems to have the mall staple shops and typical food court options. I end up here usually to go to the department store if something is not available at Meadows or Fashion which is much closer to us. It seems to be quiet, which I like. It's just far out of the way for me to be around here often. If you are on the SE though, it's not a awful way to spend your day.
4	It's a mall, like most malls in America, with most of the things you are likely to find in a mall, food court, chain stores.Parking is pretty fantastic, easy to navigate, Clean mall, fairly large.Ya, it's a mall.... hello! Teenagers hangin out, moms with kids running around, professional annoyed looking people that just need to pick something up at the mall..There are better malls in Vegas and there are worse malls in Vegas (trust me) this is an average, run of the mill mall, same as the one in your town I would guess..
5	I am at a new store, # Dawgs Shoes, in the Galleria mall that just open and they are having a #great sale! They are soooo comfortable and cute! And at a price that is mire than affordable. i bought a pair of boots for me and all my daughters as well as some flip flops. Everyone needs to check them out. They are on the second floor just outside of Macy's.Thank you so much!! I am so excited to see their faces Christmas morning!!!
4	A nice mall to visit, in Henderson. I really like this mall.The atmosphere is nice, the service is friendly. You can get anything from Macy's, Dillard's, Kohl's, or Dicks Sporting Goods; all the way to small stores like Spencer's, As Seen On TV, Lids, Gap, and many more.The mall is like an island, surrounded by a parking lot. I've never had issues finding a spot! Eating options in the Food Court Aren't that great. In the same parking lot you have Panera, Buffalo Wild Wings, Famous Dave's, Schlotzky's, Red Robin, Chipotle, Chevy's, Baja Fresh, and much more. It's close to Lake Mead it's a great place to stop when you're on your way there.
4	I'm telling you now....I am willing to drive 20-30 minutes just to come to this mall. Obviously for locals because it is way off the strip. The stores, the patrons who shop at this mall, the full ambiance of this shopping complex is just great (unlike nasty Meadows Mall...ugh...)-The kiosks here are not annoying.-The men who shops at this mall don't gawk at you like they have never seen a woman before like what they do over at the Meadows Mall.-Associates welcome you to their store with a sincere friendly greeting.-You don't get the hustle and bustle of the busy touristy Fashion Show mall.Galleria Mall is def a "Yay! I'm a fan."
4	Pretty good mall. I hate all the malls around the strip. It just gets so busy. The Galleria is perfect because its away from all tourists and what not. It has your basic shops, so its good enough for me.
5	Twelve years ago when we moved here this mall was undergoing an expansion.  It was the added wing where it was 'Teen Central' Abercrombie, Hollister PacSun perfect for my then middle and high school aged kids.  This mall through the decade has come thru for my family. Especially during back to school. They had all their favorite retail shops. I like it's always been family friendly. Ive watched and been involved with school choirs, dance groups, community events that have taken place here. The mall is clean. Parking is easy, except during holidays. I feel safer shopping here than at some of the older malls in the valley.  I like that their security will walk you to your car if you request it. Most of the time they are standing out in front by food court entrance and will gladly walk you to your car if you ask. I like other services they have here to like the jewelry repair Fast Fix, I discovered Jessica the tailor over at Best Alterations she's the best! I love they have specialty boutique shops. My favorite go to for couture ready to wear is seeing Sharon over at Coco's Gifts.  Now fast forward 12 years Galleria started phase 1 of a much need makeover during the summer!  It was looking a bit outdated. Finally the last phase is completed!  Just in time for the holidays and I'm loving it!  I love the facelift and updated look! It really has a lifestyle center ish feel to it. Like the new furniture and conversational seating areas throughout the mall. New handrails, new flooring? I don't remember it being marble. It is now. The storefronts got makeovers too. It just looks alot more sleeker and more streamlined when you look at it.  I really like what they did to the food court too. New lighting fixtures and new dining areas with all kinds of seating configurations. High table tops and counter like seating were added. They did great at targeting the shopping demographics as well.I like the tenants they've brought in like H&M and Tokyo World! Looking forward to the new Filipino food place in the food court. That's a first!  This mall rat approves.
3	Meh.I was crazy for coming to the mall, in December.... I usually have all of my shopping done before November, but I have been so busy...that shopping was the last thing that I wanted to do.The Galleria is improving.. It's finally getting an updated look...with some new stores. They finally have an H&M in there..and have gotten rid of stores that no one ever stepped into. They have cute stands, like custom christmas ornaments..and of course, the stands where people chase you down, asking to see your hand, or what type of makeup you wear, or how you do your hair.It has the basic staples, like Macy's, Dillards, Pennys, and a decent food court.
5	I really love this mall and I live a couple blocks away. It's so easy to get in and out of and they have great stores finally a H&M which my daughter loves
1	My husband was assaulted in front of me and my children at this mall.  Instead of security coming to our aide, the officer escalated the situation.  I am shocked at the unprofessional behavior that occurred after the assault.  I do not feel this is a good environment for families.
3	Another suburban mall that blends into the landscape of the Vegas Valley. Nothing to exciting here but when you need to pick up some new clothes, head  to a food court or just hang out at the mall. I don't really know what else to say as nothing major or noteworthy has taken place here in the last ten years or so. Oh well, since this used to be the closest mall to my house, this is where I would go if I needed anything that could only be found at a mall.
4	Convenient location in Henderson and central to other shopping. Parking I'd never a problem. The only place that really gets busy here during non holidays is the Starbucks inside. The mall has express, h & m, kohls, macys, Dillard's, Dicks, JC penny. They have a large Victoria secret which I frequent. I wish they would add some more boutique type stores. Overall it get the job done for basic necessities but for more original pieces I would prob look elsewhere
4	Of the malls on this side of town, I choose this one hands down, and not just because its 4 minutes from my house. Its clean, they recently remodeled the food court (with the best fast food greek available in town), you dont get lost, and you're not worried youre going to get mugged. If they added a bookstore itd get another star.
5	This place is close to my home.  Love how they remodeled it, very elegant..they have the best Greek food in the food court.  What other mall in town that has 2 Starbucks, one inside and one outside, 2 Panda Express, one inside and one outside 2 lids hat stores,2 levels of H&M retail store and many more retail stores in close approximate of the mall.  One of the best place to shop and hang out
3	I like stopping by this mall to walk around and do my usual stops--As Seen on TV, See's Candies, Starbucks, Bed, Bath & Beyond, Lane Bryant, and the collector's store in the corner.  I would love to see an Arcade in here, or something fun for the kids to do (and adults!) while parents go shopping.  They lack a bookstore, which would be nice to see.  Other than that, it's not a bad stop to walk around and buy things that I didn't need in the first place.
4	I worked here for 5-6 years? when I was younger and I've seen it go through a lot of changes. Recently, they renovated the majority of the place to be more modern and sleek look. I always liked the food court but they just don't generate enough traffic for the smaller businesses and causes them to shut down. They now have H&M too. they're connect with Dicks sporting goods as well. It's located in the nicer side of Henderson close to other stores and restaurants. I like this mall better than boulevard, charleston, and meadows.
5	Great sale today at Dillard! I always enjoy coming to this place. I usually make the rounds at the cosmetic/fragrance counters and sample bottles and bottles of perfume. My husband always knows when I've been to the mall because I come back home smelling like a "house of ill repute," shall we gently say. But today I also made a great find! I was lucky enough to spy upon a pair of $90.00 boots on sale for $30.00 -- which I rapidly scooped up and "made it mine" with my handy credit card. It was a good day indeed!
3	The thing I really like about this mall is that it is not over crowded! I mean obviously if you come during the crazy Christmas rush season that is different. Definitely do not come here to eat at the food court. The food court has by far the worst food selection I've ever seen at any mall. Other than that, it's just a mall. Happy shopping!
4	It's a nice mall. They've recently redone the seating area in the food court and it looks really nice. There seems to be only 2 high chairs for the entire food court, unless there are more hiding somewhere. So if you need a high chair, you should try and get here early. They also moved the kid play area out of the food court- it's downstairs now. It tends to be a little more quiet than it was before, but it's a little less convient. I liked to bring my kids here and eat at the food court and then let them play. Now we have to get food, eat, and then go downstairs to play. The play equipment itself seems less entertaining now too. The mall itself is nice, there's a big selection of stores and restaurants. It was decorated beautifully for the holiday season. I loved seeing the giant Christmas tree and the lights everywhere. They also had stuff up for Chinese New Year and now there's valentines things up. It's a really nice mall and it's great to wander around in.
4	I like coming to this mall, maybe it's because I have very limited shopping choices where I live but they do offer a pretty good selection of stores and I frequently get good deals here. They also remodeled recently and it looks better than it did before.
3	Why do you go to a mall? Maybe the hotdog on a stick, your favorite store, or maybe you just really enjoy build a bear... It's okay you don't have to share your secrets with me. Anyways, Galleria is the mall that we go to when we need something, It is definitely not anything to write home about, only something to write to an online reviewing site about. The mall has a great selection of stores with some of the larger department stores as well as many different boutique type stores. They also have a full food court as well as full service restaurants with Chevy' and Red Robin attached to the mail. You can also grab a quick car wash from the guy that sets up in the parking lot for 14.99. How can you resist that offer, an Orange Julius and a tire shine is simply perfection on a Saturday afternoon right?The bottom line here is that it is definitely a mall, it houses all the stores you need to find your outfit for that hot date or some prank gifts for that jackass buddy you have that you really don't want to buy a gift for but if you don't you will then be the jackass...  If you are looking for something and are in the Henderson area this would be your place to get it.
3	I've been coming here since I was a little kid and this Mall first opened. It is a smaller mall but has most of the stores people are looking for. It is recently been renovated and have a newer look to it which is nice. It has an As Seen on TV store which is super cool and Starbucks!
5	This mall is cool I don't have anything terrible to write about it. I often come here yet I forget to post it on yelp. It's clean the employees are nice. 5 stars from me.
3	They had all the shops that you normally look for...but for some reason...there was just nothing in all the stores...but maybe it was that whole mentality, go to the mall looking for something specific you don't see anything but when you aren't looking for anything, you see everything. I come from California though so maybe I have just been spoiled.  But i am going to still go with the former.  I was honestly surprised at how many people were at the mall! I was there on the weekday after I was able to get off work early! What are these other people doing?! lol
4	I like this mall mostly because it's close to my house. It's always clean and packed with people. Parking always seems to be an easy task with the many entrances. The food court has a few decent options and I'm always walking around with an Orange Julius.
3	This mall is A-OK to me!I worked at the food court for 4 years in 2006 and boy have a lot of things changed!Since I left.. Seems like the construction work is never ending! New food court, new family area (no longer just a baby changing area), and tons of new stores (food and clothing)! Definite upgrade! The choice of stores is a plus! Victoria's Secret, Forever21, H&M, Ever, Charlotte Russe, the list goes on.. I mean what more can a girl ask for? The recent discovery since my last visit is that they are tearing down the whole front of the mall.. They're slowly turning into a small "Fashion Show Mall" by adding on more restaurants on top of Red Robin and Chevy's-- I saw an Italian restaurant and they're adding a Sugar Factory.I'm not sure how long this will all take ..BUT it's just great that the Sunset area (Henderson) is expanding!
1	Went to the AT&T store located inside the Galleria Mall.  3 different employees told us 3 different things about purchasing a new cell phone. We are already customers, and they still wanted to charge us extra for plans we didn't need. Then, when we called AT&T Customer Service, we got a great deal and when we told the employees in the store what AT&T told us on the phone, they were going to honor the new deal, but after showing us that they had the phone in stock, they then said it was "store policy" that they would need to ship us the phone.  We felt they were trying to punish us for getting a better deal because we would have saved over $200! Very underhanded way to treat customers. Also, BEWARE of "Authorized Dealers"! They aren't actual AT&T stores and they won't tell you about good deals because they will lose money if they  do.  I would avoid this store!! Terrible attitude toward customers and they didn't care about us at all.
5	This mall is cool . The train guy Shane is mainly the reason for this review . If you are wanting to ride the kid train and you see an energetic Asian guy behind the wheel of this mini attraction it is a MUST RIDE kind of ride . He makes a simple train ride something special . He makes funny comments about stores and advertises them to you in an entertaining way to make the ride more fun , as well as humming tunes. When passing the cookie store he yelled out "hey ! How's my favorite cookie ! "And things of this sort the whole ride . He makes the ride fun and safe for kids . It's definitely a must ride for the $3 per person ride :)
4	This is actually my favorite mall. It has all the stores that I usually shop in-- Forever 21, Charlotte Russe, Ever, Victoria Secret, etc. It's pretty spacious and very clean. They are constantly adding new popular stores. Like they just recently added H & M and it's a 2 story store! They are adding more restaurants as well. The food court has a bunch of good choices on food and there is a huge variety. There's also little restaurants inside the mall like Red Robin and Chevy. My go to mall when I need something.
4	This mall is pretty good. But Macy's takes ups a LOT of space. By a lot like 2 stories high which lowers this down to 4 stars as more shops could be put in that area. The plus is that there are random bubble gum machines scattered throughout the whole mall. The only ones I discovered where a few in Macy's and one in a sketchers shop but there are probably more. The mall itself is more than 1 story high. Interesting shops.  One full of anime plush toys. Another  health store with vitamins. There's a new play area in the first floor so children and their parents can take a break. A bunch of kiosks are scattered about. Food court has variety. There is a sports shop behind Panda Express which is a bit odd. Next to sunset station hotel. Altogether it is a great mall with good shops to go to.
4	The galliard mall in Henderson is prolly the nicest mall that is not in a casino in Henderson. So the mall is trying to step up there game and open up some new restaurants and had been under construction for a few months. The only thing it seem to effect was the parking lot, but it seems to be business as usual.The mall is pretty standard, and it's gotta be the nicest mall on the east side. They got all your standard chains, close to the 95 freeway. One of my favorite Mexican restaurants Chevys is there as well. I am really looking forward to trying the new restaurants after the construction.
3	I grew up with this mall, and I'm happy to see that it's growing. New stores are constantly opening and it's nice to check out new stores and what not once in a while. The food court has been renovated, and it is a very nice place to hangout with your friends, and a lot of new stores have opened in the past year. An average mall in Vegas, but I'm here all the time.
4	Good variety, decent prices, everything is there! If I need to find my wife, I go there!
3	Definitely the better out of your mall choices here in Vegas. Plenty of stores, prices are regular. They have a Hotdog On A Stick. I like the cheese on a stick although it's probably the worst thing you could get, don't judge me! There are a few pretzel joints in here too. I like me some pretzels, again not the best of things to be putting in your body but oh so delicious! Nothing looked appetizing in the food court. There is a place that has spam musubis but they were looking a little rough. They have all the typical mall stores; Victoria Secret, sunglass hut, foot locker, hot topic, bath & bodyworks, etc. I do like Shiek, which is a sneaker store. Besides that there's nothing worth writing home about. Another day, another mall.
5	We love this mall! We would definitely make the half an hour drive from Summerlin, even though there's a Meadows Mall not too far from us. The mall (even the immediate surrounding area) can entertain us for an entire day. I love that there is a Costco right next door, so we can gas-up and shop-up there as well. The inside of the mall is bright, huge, and it's also clean. It looks like it's been newly remodeled and still going through some minor renovations on the outside. It doesn't seem like it gets to too crowded here, we typically snag ideal parking spots in the front, near the entrances. I enjoy that it's quieter here, I relish in privacy and personal space when I shop.This mall has a great selection of large department stores that we frequent. My boyfriend and I easily spent over 5 hours shopping here. Not to mention, all of the employees that we have interacted with here so far are all so warm and helpful. These stores were all surprisingly clean and well stocked:- Dillard's- Macy's- JC Penny- Khol'sTheir Food Court isn't that huge, but it has a few goodies:- Dairy Queen /Orange Julius - Sbarro- Hot dog on a stick- Panda Express - Chevy's- Red RobinThey also have my personal favorites Starbucks and Auntie Anne's for the mid-shopping-spree-snack-attack. (There's a few more restaurants/eateries  (Japanese, Greek, Mexican, subway, etc) but I only detailed the ones I would eat at...lol) We haven't spent too much time walking inside of the mall, except for the department stores, but we would still quickly recommend this mall for anyone trying to kill time or actually looking to spend some dough.
4	What has two thumbs and loves shopping? This girl! The Galleria Mall is located in Henderson.  There is an entrance off of Sunset and a much less busy entrance from Galleria Dr.  It's a very bright and open mall.  The windows let the sun in nicely! It's always clean and never too busy.  They have a good variety of stores such as Macy's, H&M, the Buckle and your usual mall findings.  There are only a few restaurants besides the food court.  Luckily they are adding a Sugar Factory and a few others for some good eats! It is your typical mall but I love the convenience for me.  Shop till you drop!
4	Place is great and clean. The mall is under some construction but it does not keep you from the stores. The place is always clean and smells good. I love red robin so we always eat here when we visit.
4	Great combination of stores!!!  Love it during the holidays. Awesome places to sit for coffee or cocktails
4	Honestly it's one of the best mall ever.This mall have all the stores and a lot of place to rest, very big food court and very comfortable design, highly recommended
3	I like the new stores and restaurants and there are still more to come.  The mall is a little small for so much land and I hope they expand further.  It is a step in the right direction though as they try to upgrade.
4	Better then most urban malls vegas has to offer. Shopped dyring.the holiday and wasn't really to keen on the prices. Here on.new years day its onky.6:30 and pretty much everythings closed except the major dept stores. Even the food court is closed down.
