4	I loved this place!Cute, trendy atmosphere. We were seated right away. Server was very attentive and friendly. Food was delicious. Arcadia salad was so good. The short ribs were absolutely delicious - super tender and great flavor. Sister was disappointed with her pizza - didn't have any sauce or oil base and was somewhat dry. Every one else enjoyed their meals. Peanut butter chocolate mousse was fabulous. We would definitely go back here next time we're in Phoenix.
1	We really wanted to like this place... especially since we live less than .5 mile away... it was that same cold vibe when we were there. So sad. I don't get it, it looks like it would have so much potential. Too bad they went so modern with the design of it all. A patio dining experience to me is twinkle lights, hanging plants, cozy chairs, laughter, a friendly bar tender who likes their job, tells jokes, has a warm vibe... but no... none of this. Also, why do people decide to open places like this without great simple food? They should make friends with the owner of Wally's, and take a few notes. Good food+ laid back vibe= talk of the neighborhood. Not a difficult business model. I'd like this place to add some fun tables out front, where you can sip on wine and enjoy the vibe of the hood, some nice outdoor music, hanging planters, a courtyard with grass instead of the 5 parking spots they have there...a doggie dish outside of it all with a menu that has the best wings in town, the best pasta dishes, a nice breakfast menue, and a neat coffee bar!
1	Sadly, I have to join the crowd on this one. I was hoping that Kitchen 56 would make my memories of Vatra go away, but instead just reminded me all over again. Food was WAY overpriced and just OK. Kudos to Eddie the Server who brought with him the only charm available the second time we tried K56; I'd give him 4 stars if the review were based solely on his service & personality. I will say the interior is much better than the previous incarnation, but the spots (lights) at the counter-height 4 top shone in my eyes and made me feel like it was last call...and I don't drink.
4	We went here for my birthday dinner. We started with the pulled pork on corn cakes. Delicious! My husband had the smoked salmon pizza and I have the macaroni and cheese. The pizza was wonderful, the mac and cheese needed a pit more seasoning, but was creamy and satisfying nonetheless. We had the sticky toffee cake for dessert. I bake, so I have high standards for dessert. This was a little lackluster. I'd skip dessert next time. Overall, a pleasant experience, good service, nice atmosphere and a great wine selection.
3	I've been putting off coming here for a looong time.  And now I remember why: no good vibes.  Strange atmosphere for a Friday night.  It was better when Vatra was still in this location--and that's not saying a whole lot.We split the pulled pork on corn cakes for our appetizer, and it was pretty good.  But, my black angus burger I could've made at home--and I'm still not entirely sure there was any alcohol in my adult lemonade.  Maybe they were lacking music?  I don't remember any music now that I think about it.  Anyway, not a fan.  Probably won't return more than once to give them a second chance.
5	Great neighborhood place with friendly staff - you will feel right at home
5	My friends and I went for a girlie lunch and had a great time. The food was excellent...it's cinco de mayo so the special was fish tacos and they were awesome. My friends had other dishes and we all agreed that we were in love...it's fabulous supporting a local business and Kitchen 56 did not dissapoint!
5	Just had an amazing lunch! Added chicken to the Arcadia Salad. Highly recommend!!
2	I've been to Kitchen 56 for a couple of happy hours before and the experiences were probably about 3.5 star-worthy.  The outdoor patio is cute, the wine selection is decent, and the happy hour is better than the Vig's if you prefer wine over beer.  This solidly-decent streak was broken last night when seven of us showed up and were told there was no room for us on the patio.  Fine, we took a table in the dining room.  A manager stopped by to apologize for not being able to accomodate our desire to sit outdoors.  We forgave her.Our waiter was surly, telling us he was the one who was "forced" to help us.  I get that it was a wry joke (maybe!) but there was zero humor behind it, and he seemed more genuine than not.  He then informed us that we did not "qualify" for happy hour because we were not seated at the bar or on the patio.  He was so unapologetic that I thought he was joking.  We asked if we could have the special anyway as we were there specifically FOR happy hour and had intended to sit outside if the few tables had not already been taken.  He disappeared to ask and returned with a solid N-O.  We decided that this would not stand, and walked out as multiple members of the waitstaff and the manager watched, expressionless.  Guess they had already made too much money that day and didn't have any more room for ours.The dining room was empty, by the way.  WTF mate?  Seven of us could easily have racked that tab up to $200 in drinks alone, if only they had let us partake of their flimsy happy hour deals (which do not include food specials) for the one hour that was remaining of the special.  Real nice, Kitchen 56.  REAL NICE.They really deserve one star for that as my previous experiences weren't exactly shining examples of service, but, unlike the staff at Kitchen 56, I am feeling a little generous today.
5	Love this place.  Here right now on a Saturday night.  Enjoying a nice evening with friends hanging at the bar.  Had wings, onion strings and some awesome pork pancakes(seriously.  Not sure what they are called but they're great).  Bar area is open with a nice ooutdoor patio behind it.  Going to play ping pong now with a cold beer.  Ciao!
4	Great spot near old town! We started off with the adult lemonades, really delicious, I had the blueberry one and my friend got the strawberry one. Themn we got the drunk bread and edamame apps, omg both so good but the drunk bread was delicious!!! I got the ahi sandwich and it was delicious. My friend got the burger, she enjoyed it, my family got the trout special, ribs, and a pasta dish. All were well enjoyed.We were too full for dessert, but another time for sure!
4	Only needed one visit to wash out the memories of mediocrity from the failed Vatra experiment.  The place has a casual ambiance that better fits the neighborhood.  Their tempura battered tofu and noodles is a dish that could make me a 4 day a week vegetarian.  Good spot that hopefully can continue to grow into its potential.
4	A friend and I had lunch at Kitchen 56 a couple weeks ago, well I'm a BIG FAN!  I ordered the BurgerDeluxe , yes I'm a huge burger snob, at any rate, I always judge a place by how they make or will make their burgers.  I ordered it Very Extra Rare...and Yes that IS exactly how it was served.  Our server said, and I quote, "I told the chef that you indeed wanted it to only be introduced to the grill, not actually to date the grill".  How Perfect Was That???  It was just perfect and I was giddy the entire meal.  The service was not over agressive, just attentive. The balance of the meal consisted of my dining partner had the pulled pork.  She liked it a lot and would go back!  The onion marmalade on my burger was extremely note worthy.  Just the right balance of sweet without losing the onion flavor!  So I say, Go Forth and Enjoy Kitchen 56.!.!.!...
5	Since being redone, Kitchen 56 has got it perfect.  It's a great casual dining experience, not uptight at all.  The indoor,outdoor bar is great for nighttime summer dining.  I love wall mural of the old gas station that used to occupy the space.  When I think of service at a casual place, I really focus on speed.  As I sat down at the bar, my drink was on the way and the menu was there.  After ordering, my food was out in less than 10 minutes.  That's about as good as you can get for casual dining.  Especially with the quality of food. The food was amazing.  I've been here 3 times and each time I tried something new.  Last time I had the burger and it was tasty.  I like the seasoning on the fries as well.  The first time I had the handmade parpardelle with slow roasted pork sauce (comfort food galore).  They've made the parking easy and I think it's perfect for a quick stop on the way home from work.  I can't wait till it cools off to sit in the lounge seats outside and play some ping-pong!
5	Sarah with the Pink watch(inside joke)My friend Katy and I went to Kitchen 56 for dinner on 6/25/11 for the first time.Katy had the Delux Burger with bacon and egg and she said it was out standing. Myself I had the Pulled pork sandwich and it was awesome the bbq sauce did not over power the meat which is a good thing.Both meals were very hot and had lots of good flavors,the frenchfries were not store bought and cooked just right non-greasy.The service was excellent and everyone was very personable.As for the drinks Green Tea Lemonade with vodka was yummy,and we wanted the peanut butter chocolate mousse a were told they don't carry it any longer (boo hoo) so we had the fruit pizza with chocolate dipping sauce and we both feel that it needs improvement.....Yes we will be back...Excellent atmosphere..................
1	Please take note: This is the first review of any type that I have ever written.Kitchen 56 reminds me of a movie.  Of course, I will have to qualify that statement, but first let me say the following; in all my years of eating out Kitchen 56 gave me an absolute first.  In an attempt to be hip, if an 'open kitchen' concept can be considered as much, they offered me a glimpse into their inner workings.  What amazed me and my girlfriend was they weren't - working - I mean.   Each 'chef'   was inexplicably  staring out over the dining area, seemingly without a care in the world.  Now this place must seat 120 people with 3 'line cooks/chefs' so either they were incredibly good at their jobs or there was more to this story.   Unfortunately, before I could ponder this any further, we were seated and promptly attended by Sarah.  She was certainly the highlight of the evening and thus, through the act of choosing drinks and placing our order my previous observation evaporated.  Then the food arrived.   It was now that my previous observation bubbled back to the forefront.  The math is pretty simple.  Three line cooks + 120 people = multiple micro-wave ovens (which doesn't have to be a problem - or does it?).  I had the pork (tender)loin, which it wasn't.  It came with potatoes, which technically they still were, but not for much longer.  These things tasted like they had been re-heated, refrigerated, re-heated and refrigerated for about a week.  So in my attempt to eat those things, I inadvertently saved a complete stranger from a similar fate.  "I took a potato for you!" (bravo for my good deed)   Alas, Kitchen 56 staff will be forced to make another bushelful  for next week's victims.  No I don't mean patrons.  (too harsh - Monday and Tuesday probably patrons, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday - definitely  VICTIMS!!)  So one way or the other, everyone wanting to eat potatoes at Kitchen 56 will get an opportunity! I know it seems a little insane to talk about the potatoes, but here is the rub, my girlfriend's Mac and Cheese was prepared with the same loving care!  So here we are, full circle and Kitchen 56 still reminds me of a movie.  Remember a time when you couldn't wait to see a certain new release?  You know the one, the one you never saw because David Edelstein or Roger Ebert reviewed the film and said that "__________(fill the blank with your favorite star) was sleep walking through his/her performance.   Guess what? KITCHEN 56 is that blank.  Wow!  And a last word to those guys staring off into space, the ones standing behind all that fancy commercial cooking equipment pretending to be cooks, don't let the door hit you on the way out.   Now it would be all well and good to blame the cook staff and they must shoulder most of the blame.  But I have to ask who is testing this menu?  I won't even start on the small salad (oh alright - fresh and easy - rinse before eating)  "What we have here is a failure to communicate...." or maybe "This is a trickle down economics problem."   Be it a movie quotation or political rhetoric, either way..... Kitchen 56 you are a 1out of 56.
5	5 stars for the great $5 happy hour specials. the short rib tacos and the fish tacos are delicious and a bargain at 5 for 5 bucks. My favorite drink is the green tea lemonade--it was heavy on the liqour and so refreshing.Service was flawless. We were greeted hello and goodbye by two cheerful hostesses, our waiter and waitress offered great suggestions and the bar tender was sweet as well.
4	Not to sound like a Toby Keith song but, I love this bar! I heard its where all the coolest Arcadians hang out nowadays.
2	The burrata is not burrata, and the zeppoles are not zeppoles.  In addition to the inacurracy of the menu descriptions, both items were poorly executed.  The mozzarella masquerading as burrata was dry and tasteless and the stale, hard fried dough sticks were, um, stale and hard.  Of the other four items we ordered none were exceptional.  The calamari was quite good, the mussels were overcooked and rubbery, and the pepperoni pizza was acceptable as was the arugula salad.Service was also lacking, with three different waitstaff involved in getting us our food late.  Overall disappointing.
3	Hit. And. Miss.  The restaurant looks pretty cool at first glance but upon entering, it felt very cold and uninviting.  Nothing on the menu jumped out at me but I thought I would give it a shot anyways.  Our server was really friendly and helpful and made some nice suggestions for dinner.  We tried the Garlic and Cilantro wings for an appetizer and my boyfriend ordered the handmade Pappardelle pasta and I the Arugula and Fennel salad with grilled chicken.The wings came out quickly but when the food runner brought them out he placed them on the table and immediately turned around without asking if we needed anything else.  Um...plates would have been nice.  I would think if your only job is running food to tables, you would be aware that side plates are necessary when you bring wings to a table.  We waited several minutes until the server returned from the back with plates.  The wings tasted great, they were crispy with great flavor...until I bit all the way into them and noticed that they were way undercooked and still very pink.  Again, it took quite some time to even get the attention of anyone to alert them of the problem.  However, once we mentioned it, they quickly fired up a new order and brought them out, apologizing for the inconvenience.  I thought they handled the situation well (as the manager apologized and they comped two glasses of wine) so we brushed it off and enjoyed the new order of wings although they had overcompensated by practically burning the new order.As for our entrees, we loved the Pappardelle pasta, it had great flavor and the slow roasted pork was amazing.  My salad, however, was probably the most boring, bland salad I have ever had.  It almost wasn't even worth eating.  I've had fennel in salads before and it normally adds a nice burst of flavor but the fennel was sliced so thinly that it added zero flavor and the sherry vinaigrette was equally as underwhelming.  Overall, a very hit and miss experience.  I think this place has potential but needs some work as far as their back of the house operations.  The food was not executed well and the food runner clearly needed some training as each time he ran food to our table, he forgot to ask one very basic yet important question, "Can I bring you anything else?" Though we were not impressed, I still gave them 3 stars for the server and how they handled the wing situation.  I'm sure we will eventually give this place another shot once they have worked out some of the kinks.
4	A couple of things stuck out to me for this place. One was the really clean and refreshing ambience they've got going on. The other thing that stuck out was the lightness, yet tastyness of the food. I had a turkey and egg sandwich, which was pretty darn good.The staff seemed nice, too and the prices really weren't bad. I met somebody here on my lunch break and surprisingly made it back to the office in time. Sometimes it's hard to get in and out at a sit down place in an hour, but they pulled it off. However, I feel like there would be no pressure if you wanted to stay and chat for a bit.
4	Very limited menu for lunch but what they do prepare is delish. I had the smoke turkey and fried egg sandwich and my companion had the pulled pork. We both thought they were tasty. Very stylish inside and I would like to try it for dinner.
3	3 stars because 2 of us thought it was really good and 2 of us thought it was just good. Went here last night with a 4-some around 9pm on a Saturday; they weren't very busy and we were seated promptly. The server was attentive and taking drink orders almost immediately. For dinner I had the Arcadia Pie cuz I love me some goat cheese and bacon. It was tasty but there wasn't a sauce on the pizza and I kinda wished it had a drizzle of an herbed olive oil or something cuz it was just a lil dry. The boyfriend loved the pork tenderloin saying it was spiced perfectly. Another at our table had the tofu dish which she described as the best tofu she's ever had (she apparently had been here earlier in the week and had the same dish then too.)  The pulled pork sandwich across the table from me looked pretty tasty too, but didn't get the raving review the others did. They have some really interesting sounding cocktails on their menu... Maple Manhattan anyone? Their wine list is extensive and fairly priced as well. They have a giant cinnamon roll on their wknd breakfast menu that I would love to tackle along with a latte sometime soon!
3	The boys and I were out at the Papago jump park; working up an appetite. We decided on something with A) beer and B) between our two places. We all had never been to Kitchen 56, so we thought we give it a go. When we arrived, the place was dead. However, the waitress and bartender were both ignoring us and it took about 20 minutes to get drinks. I was stoked that they served pbr in the can. The lunch menu looked amazing and we all got something different. I ordered the chorizo burrito which was tasty and not too greasy and the beau ordered the pulled pork which was delicious minus the generic bun. Our friends said their food was excellent but the service was slow and in an almost dead restaurant that is unacceptable. Our waitress came back about 30 minutes after our food arrived and we were all through our beers and would've ordered more if there hadn't been such a long delay but at that point we just wanted to get on with our day. Next time, we'll just order take out and skip the poor service.
2	I've been wanting to try this place for a while now since it is within  a few miles of where we live.  I finally was able to stop by and ordered the spaghetti and meatballs to go.While waiting for the order, I sat at a very comfortable barstool and was able to check out the dining room and look at the dinner menu.  I found the place to be somewhat cold, it definitely needs some ambiance. I enjoy minimalist interiors as much as the next person, but a couple of fresh flowers on the tables would go a long way here.When I returned home and opened my order, at first I thought they had made a mistake - the spaghetti looked like it was a children's order.  In addition, instead of the red marinara sauce I expected, the sauce was an orange color, like Chef Boyardee in a can. The pasta was the thick type of spaghetti, not the thinner, spaghettini type traditionally used in Italy,  and some sort of cheese was melted over it, also a no-no in traditional Italian kitchens. It tasted terrible - the pasta wasn't cooked al dente, it was overcooked and rubbery, the sauce had no taste and the tasteless cheese just made rubbery mess out of the whole dish. The meatballs were just okay, and again, they had the mystery cheese melted over them, which took away from their taste.I am willing to give them another chance and would love to try some of the other pasta dishes, such as the papardelle with pork sauce,  but I would NOT recommend the spaghetti and meatballs to anyone.
1	Atmosphere, alcohol, and service.  If that's all your looking for, then you've found a nice spot.  However, if you intend on eating I'd suggest you continue driving down the street to one of the many Scottsdale restaurants that will deliver a much better meal.  We were part of a large party with a pre-ordered dinner, so perhaps this played into the quality....really hard to say.  Our grilled romaine salad tasted very reminiscent of those days when my father would douse the bbq with lighter fluid and then attempt to tell us later the flavor that was strangely burning our tongues was "outdoor grilling at it's best".  Sorry, but it didn't work for Dad and it didn't work last night either.  I thought that perhaps the salad was a fluke, but unfortunately the disappointment continued through the bland spaghetti-o like pasta and the easy bake oven version of dessert.  If any of the food had displayed the slightest bit of potential, I would have been happy to give them another shot.  But life is short and there's too many other restaurants putting forth a much better effort.
4	Had a recent birthday party here.  They were kind enough to let me bring my own cake and take over a large portion of their restaurant on a Saturday.  (We had about 50-60 folks drop in over the course of 4:00 p.m. to about 8:00).  During HH, the drinks are $5.00 and many appetizers are very reasonably priced.  The food was devoured quickly and without complaint.  Brittni the manager was very gracious about letting us have so many people there.One thing I will say is that parking is tricky.  Their lot is not big and they have another gated area across the street that filled up rather quickly.  I should have told people to car pool!  They opened up the patio area which made the restaurant quite warm.  Other than that, the guests really enjoyed themselves.  It is family friendly, (they have high chairs and whatnot), with a good menu that has enough variety to keep lots of people happy.  Great sangria and they even have a "Pickle Back".  Check it out on the menu :)
5	Awesome place. All the food is good and great selection of drinks. On top of the great food the service was even better. The decor inside is done well and its interesting to think about the transformation from a service station to a restaurant.
3	I've only been here 6 months and I've seen this location be 3 different restaurants. I met a friend here for happy hour to check out this place and see if this one is gonna make it. The Cons: the space isn't used well. They need to make the bar area a lot bigger and use their space more wisely. There is a lot of floor and not enough chairs. They should also expand their local beer menu. I was sad the Four Peaks Peach had left.The Pros: good happy hour menu, good food, unique specialty drink menu and an attentive staff.The fish tacos were tasty and the black cherry lemonade was ok. Tacos, I love em. I think this place can make it. It had a crowd all night. Cheers!
5	Oh, Kitchen 56. Your retro charm, tasty noms and friendly service will definitely keep me coming back. Plus, who doesn't love a sparkling clean restaurant? I know I do.I met friends for drinks and apps, and we all loved our food and left with some in boxes. The appetizers portion sizes really could be a meal in themselves. Our original plan was to meet at another nearby restaurant but there was no parking- Kitchen 56 definitely has parking to spare. A good amount by the front, then a HUGE lot on the other side of the street.Drinks were on the spendy side, but we knew we were paying for nice atmosphere, tasty unique drinks like the Green Tea "Adult Lemonade" with mashed up strawberries and mint. SO GOOD.Our waiter was attentive and very friendly, and the manager even came out and visited with us for awhile. Overall, this is a great place to meet friends and be able to talk and not compete with loud music or a noisy street. Thumbs up!
2	I'm sorry Kitchen 56 - I'm not in love. I went here a couple of weeks ago with friends for dinner. The service was fine, the atmosphere nice but the food was just...ok. I had one of the pizzas and a salad. My friends both seemed to enjoy their meals but no rave reviews. I had the same feeling that I had a Beckett's Table - lots of hype but it missed the mark for me.
2	My girlfriend and I went on a double-date here with some friends last week.  My first impression was that the place was cute and I liked what they did with the space.  We were greeted by a friendly hostess and the overall feel was great.The food is a different story:(  We started with the onion straws app which was decent.  I ordered the mac and cheese that came with a petit salad, my girlfriend ordered a tofu dish, and our friends ordered a steak special and a sandwich.  The steak which was ordered well (I know, I cringed, too) came out rare, the vinaigrette on my salad tasted rotten, the mac and cheese was middle of the road...I've had better and worse.  My girlfriend enjoyed her tofu and our friend said her sandwich was pretty good.  My green tea adult lemonade was fantastic!  The best part of my meal for sure!  When we ordered dessert I chose the creme brulee.  I sunk my spoon in and it just dripped off...ew!!! Creme brulee is supposed to be a custard-like consistency...it was definitely not set.  I was super bummed.  I would go back, because I totally believe in second chances...but with so many good restaurants out there...they better step it up!!
4	This place is super cute.  It's an old gas station remodeled into a retro, casual restaurant.  They have a fantastic happy hour menu which includes drink specials and a menu of $5 appetizers.  We all tried one of their specialty adult lemonade drinks.  They were delicious and refreshing. Whatever you do, make sure you order the happy tacos. Both the fish & short rib tacos were AMAZING.  I'm looking forward to going back for dinner sometime.
4	This is definitely one of my new favorite places in Phoenix...very cool, open space, awesome happy hour prices, amazing food, and great service at the bar!
4	I've passed this place many times and seen cars a plenty in the evening.  Had the opportunity to finally try for a Saturday lunch.  It was not as packed as the evenings seem to be.  The menu is simple but varied.  The mac & cheese was tempting, also the cinnamon roll sounded delightful.  In the end we tried the 10 oz burger and pulled pork sandwich.  Burger was 2 patties, cooked to perfection with cheese and all the fixings, served w/ fries and coleslaw.  Coleslaw didn't quite get it, dressed was somewhat bland.  The pulled pork was excellent, perfectly seasoned sauce and topped with onion straws.  I chose the green salad option rather than fries.  The salad was just a lettuce combo but the dressing was a light homemade vinegarette, simply perfect.  Maybe my favorite find was the iced tea - freshly brewed, slightly fruity w/ rosehips and other delights, really REALLY good - no sweetener required.I like the vibe of this place, slightly hip and very comfortable.  Nice background music, bright and cheery w/ natural lighting.  Also outdoor patio area looks fun for cooler days.  The service was outstanding.  I can't wait to come back and try happy hour or maybe dinner.
4	The four of us were piled in my brothers car, I grabbed shot gun, as I'm instinctively want to do, quickly plopped into the passenger seat, only to have my little sister backhand the crown of my skull from the rear seat. "Let Mom sit there dick!" she said peevishly "Whose birthday is it again?" my brother chimed in. I let out a groan and climbed out, my mother and I exchanged positions.She sat down next to my brother in the front, as I cast a sidelong glance at my sister. "SO! Where are we going?" My mother asked impatiently.  "It's YOUR birthday, where do you feel like eating??" I asked annoyed. "Oh I don't mind, where do you kids feel like eating?"My brothers knuckles tightnened on the steering wheel, my sister and I exchanged glances and rolled our eyes. We three knew this could go on all night, and the further we pushed her the more she wouldnt budge. I knew personally that the blame would fall on me. Being I am the oldest, and the birthday dinner/movie was my idea. I scrambled in my brain cataloging the bookmarks of places I thought she might deign to eat at."FEZ? Maybe FilmBAR aftertward..?" Weeks earlier I'd made this suggestion to which she responded enthusiastically; and true to her nature, the day her birthday rolls around she's completely forgotten we even spoke about this. I began the routine again. "Fez?" I ask. My sister groans, my brother is silent. "Mmmmm nah.." my mother mused. "How about Durants, we could..." "OH NO NO!! Too expensive!" she said in abject horror cutting me short. "Whaat..? No they're not.." my brother pleaded my case, he obviously wanted steak. "Yeah!" I concurred almost getting offended "I could buy us all filet mignons and a bottle of red wine for under $100!!" I boasted. "No you couldnt." my mother said defiantly. We argued over the price of steak at full volume, my mother screeching at me from the front seat, my brother pivoting his head and joining in. My sister stared out the window until she was just too annoyed to contain her silent fury, a friday evening wasted with her brothers and mom was almost too much to bear.  "LETS JUST DRIVE UNTIL WE FIND A PLACE" she commanded in an imperious voice unfitting of a 14 year old girl. We drove on in silence, passing one good restaurant after another as the street numbers climbed higher and higher. I was quickly outta my element. We came up to 56th st. and The 56 Kitchen stood out like a neon monolith, hewn from rock by the brawn  and sweat of men long dead, it stood there in the distance like it was born to host our evening repast. We all knew, without saying, that this would be our destination. My brother pulled up the car and we wordlessly agreed and filed into the restaurant like a mock execution. The 56 Kitchen. I'd never heard of it, not even the merest bleep on Yelp, yet here it stood. I wondered afterward how a place so tasty could be so far off my radar, it wasnt even, to borrow that piece of shit Guy Frieri's phrase, a 'diner, drive-in, or dive'.  We all ordered like champions, ironically only my Mother's dish wasnt very good. We started with appetizers of "drunk bread" and some hot cakes with pulled pork. The hot cakes were a def. crowd pleaser, the "drunk bread" was..interesting, and while not bad, was...eccentric.  I ordered an "Arcadia Pie", a tasty artisan style thin crust with leeks, bacon, and big dollops of ricotta. My brother ordered a bowl of housemade Pepperdelle style pasta with a creamy pork gravy. My sister opted for the house mac 'n cheese with a side salad. Mum ordered a pizza that my lil' sis' described as a "totino's frozen pizza", underwhelming but tasty and edible none the less. We ordered beers and sat and leisurely enjoyed our meals, sharing from one anothers plates, I ended up eating most of everyones, and even finishing off my brothers pasta in the car, his dish was the obvious winner. When the dust settled the damage came to about $90 some odd dollars. Mother let out a hyperbolic gasp, and I nearly had to find smelling salts, bro and I split the bill down the middle and we all drove back home.
5	This place hits the spot across the board!  Excellent service, delicious food with ample portions and overall cool ambiance!  From the host stand to the servers to the bartenders to the manager on staff, everyone was delightful, helpful and accommodating without being pushy, annoying or interrupting our convo.Amazing happy hour menu, lovely craft beers on tap, extensive wine list and they make a mean martini!I love the adaptive re-use of an old service station and how that's incorporated into the overall vibe of the place and the retro brand.  Great job there, Kitchen 56!Next time I'm I must try their famous burgers (my table-mates raved like religious zealots over them!) and I need to check out the patio for some solid "hang out" time. I mean, that's why we live in the desert, right?I'll definitely be back and with a pack of friends!
3	Stopped in for a casual dinner last night and ordered the calamari to start ($8) it was coated in a peanut slaw eh wasn't quite my thing. I m not into foods overly sauced. I would pick something diff next time. I opted for the Arcadia salad- mixed greens with cranberries and pecans with a citrus vinaigrette. I added chix for protein. It was very clean, fresh and exactly what I wanted. The menu is simple from pastas, pizzas, burgers, salads. i would go back and check it out again but wouldn't recc to drive here if you dint live in the neighborhood.
4	stopped in last night for the second time this month - the joynt should have more people, because the food and ambiance and service are excellent, and we have to have as many family-owned restaurants as possible that are willing to put out quality product - and this place is it!Had the cheese board appie; last time my brother had the meat & cheese board for dinner - it's an excellent selection of quality products that really complement each other: cheeses, crostini, really good olives, almonds with honey, figs, pickles, etc.TV had a pizza - he raved about the quality of the buffalo mozzer - and I had a smoked pork sandwich (ah - ooo) with the most perfect french fries ever.Don't miss this joynt - support your local chefs.     Forgot to mention that when I asked the waiter for a wetnap to clean the porkwich juice off my hands, he brought a dinner napkin that had been soaked in water, squeezed until it was perfectly damp, and re-folded as a perfect serviette.  That's what I call service.
5	Love this place! I grew up in Scottsdale and recently moved to Dallas. Upon coming back I noticed that the neighborhood "car joint" was transitioned to a local restaurant and bar. This place us by far one of the best new developments in Scottsdale! Order the green tea lemonade and ask for Stefan!!!
4	I live in the area and have been wanting to try this place for a while.  I took my friend here for a celebratory dinner last week.  Overall, we like this place.  Service was very good.  The bottle of wine we ordered was out of stock, so our server suggested another bottle but offered it at the same price as the bottle we wanted.  Nice gesture.  The corn cakes with pulled pork appetizer was probably the highlight of the meal.  Very good.  The Arcadia Salad was also good.  Being from New Mexico and loving green chile, the green chile Mac n Cheese was a little dissapointing.  The ribs were ok.  Certainly not fall off the bone.Love the ambiance and openess...with the exception of the music.  More about that below.  Interesting artwork with the chalk board feature, although it is so cluttered to the point that we couldn't take it all in.  Sometimes less is more.  As I aluded to earlier...I'm a firm believer that music is the single-most make or break factor to a great ambiance.  The music simply does not fit.  Paula Abdul did not add to my enjoyment of dinner in any way.  Maybe we were just at a cheesy point of the mix, but I think some more edgy/progressive/hip music could do a lot in further creating an enjoyable ambiance.Overall, I'm a fan.  Good Job.
5	Stumbled upon this place today on a drive by. Looked so cool, was drawn in. Really a great spot and the food that we ordered was perfect. The service was super friendly, attentive and helpful (we are out of towners)...the owner and her daughter were fawning over our pooch which always scores major points for us.
3	Very limited menu, but the service and food are both good. I just wish there were more options. I was cornered into a salad, which was great, but the bowls are weird and make it hard not to get your lettuce all over your table.
4	Good consistent food, the pizzas are always phenomenal. Love both the corncakes pulled pork appetizer and the edamame. Great place to meet friends for a drink on the patio, or have a nice date with my husband!
3	Kitchen 56 is a comfortable place to have a meal with drinks. I meet some friends here that are regulars so we did get excellent table service.I had the Pork Chop served on top of mashed potatoes with red cabbage served on the side. The meal was about $15, a heck of a lot more than you would pay at a Lone Star Restaurant. I thought there was nothing really special about the Pork Chop, it just didn't have that succulent juicy taste that I have come to expect from a Pork Chop. The mashed potatoes and red cabbage were just ok for me.I have heard that Kitchen 56 has great Happy Hour food specials. So I would probably return if in the area during Happy Hour.
5	A fantastic place....just around the corner from me.   Have been there a couple of times.  Great deals on happy hour drinks and food.Love the calamari!  The drinks are clever and fun....and delicious.Always the staff has been super friendly and attentive.  Cant recommend them enough.Also had live music...fantastic female singer with guitar.Check them out...you will love them.Jon
4	I have only been here for happy hour, but their happy hours is very good.  They have draft beer and there are a variety of appetizers on the happy hour menu for cheap that are all very tasty.  It is a comfortable place to eat - open, high ceilings, nice decor - and the staff has always been very friendly.
4	I wish I lived closer and had a bike because a lot of their customers who were there on a Sunday afternoon came on their bikes and if I had a bike I would ride mine here.The open, airy layout and the windows create a very cheerful atmosphere. Inside is FRC concept decor:modern and casual.I started with a petite salad which I am mixed on. The dressing was a brandy vinaigrette which I was not crazy about. I don't like sweet dressings so that's what killed it. However the greens themselves were SO fresh I would have sworn they were picked from a garden, washed and served to me. It's greens like that that make me want to be an active salad eater instead of having one because my Mom always made me have one.My salad was followed by an Angus Burger which, good God, was AMAZING! The TWO patties prepared a perfect medium rare with, again, a red onion and lettuce that I swear were picked from a garden and put on my burger. The menu said that it was served with American cheese, which I HATE but this had to be the best damned American cheese I've ever had.It was a struggle to finish but I stayed the course.......and I succeeded. This was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon. They have a bar that opens to a patio with some seating, and get this, a ping pong table. They'd better keep me the hell away from that after I've had a few otherwise guests are going to get hit.Definitely going on my faves list for Phoenix. Can't wait to come back for dinner.
5	Dropped in to K56 on a Tuesday after checking out the new Little Woody on Indian School. We grabbed a seat at the bar and attempted to order a glass of wine - Matt the bartender was more than patient with our inability to choose a wine so he poured numerous samples for us! Alas a decision was made and we ordered a bottle, of course!I've said many times I'm particular about my short ribs... I ordered the Cabernet braised short rib with parsnip puree...Perfectly done, tender, fallin apart good sized portion and seasoned perfectly. Yummm!! My date had the mac 'n cheese and it was delicious! Not too heavy on the cheeze/cream and excellent flavor and al dente shell pasta. Perfect!Manager Brittney was also very friendly and helpful. She pimped us out with a delicious brownie and vanilla ice cream at the end of our meal. But don't tell anyone!BOTTOM LINE: I'll be back!
5	Today I wanted to go back to Kitchen 56 for dinner with my best friend Katy Andrew. We were hoping that the young lady who waited on us the last time would be there. And there she was Sara who by the way had a Large White watch (inside joke). She was as business and friendly as the first time.  The hostess sat us at a table for 4 people and this family came in and they looked like they really wanted to have dinner at the Kitchen 56 and I felt they Katy and I did not need a table for 4 so as they were leaving I stood up and flagged them to stay and gave up our table and we moved to a table for 2. This family was much appreciated, I said to them if I do something nice for someone else someone will do something nice for someone else. I felt I did what was right. The hostess was so happy that she gave Katy and I 2 free desserts.Now for what we had for dinner I had the pork ribs with fries, corn cake and house slaw it was off the charts. Katy had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy and she said it was awesome.The desserts we had were a brownie with berry sauce and vanilla ice cream and the second one was a baked chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream. The whole meal was awesome.We wanted to make the family feel special so we had Sara give them the Fudge Brownie dessert after we left. I would have loved to see their faces when it arrived.Keep up the good work Kitchen 56 your the best.
1	I want a restaurant to succeed in this location because we live close.  The only thing good was the calamari salad.Gripe-when u ask what they would suggest and the tell you what is popular.  I want to know what is good no what everyone in phx wants.  The short ribs w marginal pot roast- at best.I'm sure if the service was better it could have been abetter experience.  For what we spent there is better food and much friendlier help a mile other directions, unfortunately.
3	Maybe lunch isn't the best time to try Kitchen 56. I thought it was just okay.The boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch on a Saturday and we were literally the only customers there. But everyone was very friendly and we got our food very fast since it's not like the kitchen was busy!I ordered a salad and boyfriend ordered the mac and cheese. First thing we noticed was that all the dishes were chipped. Each bowl had at least 3 chips on it. Do they have a clumsy dishwasher? Is that the look they are going for? Not sure but it was a little off-putting to eat off of broken dishes.The salad was pretty good. Not great. Decent enough size but the dressing was kinda blah. Boyfriend felt the same way about his mac and cheese. It was good but not great.I wish the food had been better because I liked the atmosphere and like I said the staff was very nice. I just don't feel compelled to go back again. Sorry!
3	I have finally decided how to handle the 1/2 star.  It's going to hinge on service.  And the service at Kitchen 56 was barely passable.  Our server was slow to get to us, took the order of a table that arrived later than us before she took ours.  She then ignored us once we got our food.  After it became clear we weren't going to see our check anytime soon, my husband gave the evil eye to the hostess, followed by a point to our server who was, in her defense, busy flirting with any and all male employees nearby. I hope that worked out for her.If I ignore all that, I could really like Kitchen 56.  I like the simple menu of pizzas, pasta, and casual American food.  We started with the drunk bread (kind of like a deep dish pizza with bread soaked in white wine and butter).  It sounded better than it is.  However, my burger was great, and I could see Kitchen 56 being a great go-to spot for me.
5	This is a great place if you like good beer and good wine. The staff is always friendly, especially at the bar. You can't go wrong on the menu. Personal favorites are the drunk bread, Arcadia pie, and the Arcadia salad. Enjoy!
5	AWESOME dose not even come close.  I have enjoyed my dining experience there.  I love the atmosphere and the wait staff.  GREAT FOOD and the best Arnold Palmer I have ever had!
4	Second visit confirms that it's probably the nicest converted former gas station I've ever dined in. The views of Camelback mountain and the overall architectural feel of the place can't be faulted. Makes one marvel at the foresight of whomever laid out the original Enco gas station back in 1960 or whenever it was first established. Kinda reminds me of the Vig in overall feel, menu, and aesthetic. Not a bad point of comparison at all. There was music on the patio (guitarist doing good covers of things like "Long Train Running") that wafted through the open roll-up doors.The "Deluxe" burger is covered in sauteed mushrooms and is fairly good, though I sense that the patty is pre-formed and not hand-formed on site. There are some interesting appetizer items available. Service was quick and without complaint.The wine list is probably the biggest attraction among the offerings, though a full bar is available as well. For happy hour the wines are discounted by $2 per glass. You can get some fairly interesting stuff here (We ordered a bottle of pretty good cab sauv).I see this place as a destination for Sunday morning bike rides down the canal.
3	Meh! =I Totally neutral is how I left Kitchen 56.  We arrived with reservations and were promptly sat at a high top table in the middle of the restaurant. I was surprised to see It was pretty busy for 8PM on a Friday.  Our server greeted us very briefly and took Hottie's drink order (I wanted to look over the menu) and then left. He seemed pretty frazzled.  About 5 minutes later our drinks were dropped off by someone else, who did not ask if we needed anything.  Another 5 Minutes pass and a female server comes to our table and asks if we are ready to order. No, "Hi my name is"... "let me tell you about the menu", nothing!  I told her I would like to order a drink and she seemed annoyed, like I was being rude.  She took my drink order and our appetizer order and left.  We started with the Onion straws, a little greasy but overall pretty tasty especially because the sauce was fantastic.  For my cocktail I had a Maple Manhattan, which was so delicious one of the best Manhattan's I've had.   For dinner I ordered their tofu and vegetable stir fry with Soba Noodles. This had received good reviews from fellow yelpers so I was excited to try it.  I was greatly disappointed. The noodles were over cooked, it had no flavor except ginger and there were no vegetables in it except red cabbage.  I never send anything back, but I did. This of course took about 10 minutes, because our server never came back to check on us. I flagged down a manager and she suggested the green chili macaroni.  By the time this came out, Hottie had already finished his meal and his plate had been taken. This kind of kills the dining experience.  When the macaroni came out, it was much better, great flavor and just the right amount of creaminess and spice. Again the noodles were a little over cooked; they were breaking apart, but still edible. Overall, the service was pretty poor, but being a former Server I could tell that they were all "In the weeds" so I gave her a break, and still left a 30% tip.  The food was good, but not great.  I think I would try Kitchen 56 again under the right circumstances, but with so many other options in the area, it won't be anytime soon.
4	I went here for lunch with my bf. If you bike here or walk, they give a 20% discount or something. Check in on foursquare and use your amex card for 5$ off. It was a casual afternoon. I had the trout and he had the happy hour fish and chips. Our food was delicious. I think the only thing I had a bit of complaint was I felt a bit rushed. However, the food and drinks are amazing. The fish and chips were fresh and so crispy. The trout dish had green beans and peanuts. I ordered mash as a side too. Fish was seasoned perfectly and green beans were crunchy not soggy.  Overall,  I had a great experience and will return!
1	Totally disappointed on so many levels with this place.  I went there last night  excited to finally try the place since I drive past it on my way to and from work everyday.  When it is all lit up at night it just seems so inviting.  I was meeting a friend to talk business and we arrived a bit before 830. My experience started off bad and just went downhill from there.  When we walked in all the booths were taken but none of the tables in the dining room nor the 2 tables along the back wall that each seat 6 but have the comfy booth seats on one side.  We asked to be seated there but was told they needed to keep them open in case a large party came in.  Seriously?   It was a Wednesday night at 830, there would have been plenty of seating if a party larger than our meager 2 top came in.  Strike 1.Next our server Lissa did come by quickly to ask if we wanted to order, we asked for a few minutes.  I also asked what the soup of the day was, butternut squash, mmmmm! Those few minutes turned into more than a few and another server asked if we needed anything and ended up taking our order.  I ordered the soup and tuna tartar.  Lissa then came back to the table to inform us that they were out of the soup of the day.  Strike 2.  I order a side of vegetables instead.Lissa refills my water glass, brownie points for that, but spills some not only on the table but my hand.  She doesn't apologize, clean it up, nothing, just walks away.  Strike 3.My companion gets the edamame, which were not bad but the bowl that they were served in had a serious chip on the rim.  It was bad enough to cut someone if you weren't careful.  Strike 4.My tuna tartar was pretty terrible, a few chunks of chewy fish that were somewhat grey in color hidden among some greens that had way to many capers which made it super salty,  I ate a little less than half of it because I was so hungry and didn't want to deal with sending it back.  Strike 5.Next up the sorry ass, poor excuse for a side of vegetables,  When Lissa set down in front of me this tiny dish with wilted spinach and 1 piece of squash that was quartered and 1 piece of zucchini that was quartered I couldn't believe it.  There was a layer of spinach water at the bottom and it tasted like it was seasoned with Mrs. Dash.  Again I ate it because I was starving but realizing that each bite basically cost me a dollar, it was 5 bucks. Strike 6.Not even done yet......At 9:30 Lissa asks us if we want anything else, my companion informs her that her boyfriend will be joining us in a few minutes to get some dinner.  We are informed that the kitchen is closed.  There were still people in the place and from what I gathered from the website the kitchen closes "when the party is over."  So now my companion is on Yelp trying to find another place to go meet him so he can eat,  Strike 7.She finds a place not far and is going to meet her man by 10 because we still had some business to discuss.  I said she could just go so he didn't have to wait but always the professional, she stayed so we could wrap up our meeting.At 945 some people walk in, are seated and given menus.  I ask the server that helped them, a very nice gentleman, if they were going to be eating because we were told the kitchen was closed.  He went and checked and apologized for the mix-up but the kitchen was still open.  Strike 8.  I wish that guy was our server because he was great. I also see him speak to Lissa, who glances at our table but she never comes over herself to apologize.  I think she was in a hurry to clock out.  Strike 9When Lissa brings us our bill, the soup that they were out of, was still on it.  When I point this out to her she states since I got the side of vegetables, which wasn't on the bill, she just left the soup in place of it.  First, from a management prospective, you have to keep track of everything that is served to figure out your food and production cost.  Second, it was just plain laziness to not correct the bill.  Strike 10.Furthermore the soup was 7 and the vegetables 5, a cost difference that I pointed out to her.  She said she would take care of it.  She brings back the bill and say, "Ok they took a dollar off."  Are you kidding me?!  You can't subtract 5 from 7?!  Strike 11.I am so done with this place at this point I leave a chintzy $5 tip, I really wanted to leave nothing, but the old school server in me wouldn't allow it.  I left feeling cheated out of $70 and will never go back.
1	I have been getting solicitation calls from a service called the lunch line who was hired by Kitchen 56 to do their marketing.  They continue to call me and harrass me with recorded messages to visit this restaurant.  When you call the number back it says the number is not in service.  After asking them to cease their marketing efforts, I continued to get calls and even had to purchase a phone application to block calls from them.   I am having my attorney send them a cease and desist letter to stop being harassed by this company. I would NEVER eat at this restaurant after being harassed by them.
2	Blah!!!!  Strange menu!  I have tried this place 4 times now.  Each time I am disappionted so, today was the last try.  Food has no flavor.  They are doing nothing interesting here and the service is lame.
2	We decided to try this place since we drive by here on our way to our scottsdale office all the time. The ambiance is really nice.. its a very cute restaurant. The menu seemed interesting but we were both disappointed in our food. The soup and the meals both lacked any flavor. The salad dressing was the most flavorful thing on the plate. I had a nice chunk of some black plastic in my chicken salad wrap. I was done eating after discovering that. The server never came to check on us after taking our order until he came to pick up the plates. Upon letting him know about the plastic he just said oh, do you want something else? ... well i might have.... 20 minutes ago. then we waited another 10 minutes for our check and the manager to come over and explain that my entree had been removed from the check.  I would hope so. I don't think we'll be returning. Typically food can save poor service but neither were impressive.
3	So, my husband and I went to kitchen 56 for our anniversary on monday night around 6pm or so. We were immediately impressed with the ambience when we walked in, although we opted to dine on the large outdoor patio out back. Because I did my research before hand, I already knew that I wanted to try the cucumber basil lemonade and it didn't disappoint! We decided on the drunken bread a our appetizer, a recommendation from the very friendly and attentive waiter. I cannot remember his name for the life of me, but if you see a man with strawberry blonde hair, ask to sit at one of his tables. My husband knew what he was going to order before we arrived so he only took a quick glance at the menu before he quickly devoured the majority of the deliciously cheesy and herbaceous bread. As for myself, I usually have trouble deciding what I want, and when I asked the waiter what he recommended, he told me that one of, the dishes I was debating on was actually his favorite, so I ordered the papardelle with slow roasted pork sauce. The homemade pasta was tender and fresh and the herbed ricotta added a nice creaminess to the dish. The meat was also very tender and flavorful. I don't eat much meat so towards the end of my meal, I found myself fishing around for more of the noodles. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal, the steak was juicy and fork tender, and the chimichuri was delicious! Once we were finished, our waiter promptly cleared our plates and brought the check. It was what we expected to pay to eat out in this part of town, but for what it was, it was on the pricey side for sure. I think on my next visit, I'll stick to cocktails and appetizers by the firepit with some good friends. :-)
5	We stumbled across this place while looking for a friend's house in the area, so we dropped in for a drink.  From the outside it doesn't look like much and generally once inside it also is less than impressive.  As we only had time for a drink we asked for a menu to check out what they had to offer.  The menu was a very pleasant surprise with dishes one would never expect to find based on the area, outside look of the place and the inside atmosphere.  We decided to come back later, that was a couple of months ago and we've been back many times since and have introduced our friends to the excellent food at this establishment.  The staff is well versed on the menu, is helpful but not pushy.  The wine list is very good and the food is outstanding.  Don't judge this book by the cover.  We go back often, finding that each new dish is a good at the last if not better!
1	I had the macaroni and cheese which was very good, but the server and hostess were so rude and slow that I'll never go back again.  We knew what we wanted right away and I asked if we could put in our meal order after he took our drink order (3 waters, please), and he straight up said, "No, I'll take your order after I bring your drinks."  SO rude.  Our server never came to check on us after we got our food.  We had been done with our meal for about five minutes and our server walked right by me, I looked at him and waved to him as he walked by to get the check and he completely ignored me.  I'll never ever go back.
2	I hate to write such a blah review, but I was really disappointed with the drunk bread. It really was nothing special and without being drunk, totally avoidable. While the Patio is really quite nice, I don't see any other reason to go.
4	My bf and I came here one evening to enjoy the Boom56 gathering and I must say, I really really enjoyed this low key gem!! The spicy cilantro wings BANG!!! Lol...looved them. We sat on the patio and it was cool to people watch all the local neighborhood folk. The DJ played lots of house music which gets me going!! Cant wait to go back in 2 weeks for the next Boom56 set :)
5	My wife and I both grew up in the Arcadia area but now live out in North Scottsdale. We had driven by Kitchen 56 a few weeks back and decided to try it out. We arrived on Thursday the 30th of May during happy hour. The appetizers were really great and such a low price. We had fish tacos, short rib tacos and fish and chips. Really really good, the service was very good and the server was very friendly and knowledgeable. Just loved the place!
2	Didn't hate it, didn't love it.  And they served me a desert they knew was bad.  If you know its bad don't serve it, very simple.  Upside is they have cucumber vodka.
3	You might really like the squishy, comfortably wide, white barstools at Kitchen 56. I do. The bar straddles the patio and the restaurant, which is good for people watching, too. Although, you might be distracted by some kitchen traffic.I never find myself saying "let's go for dinner," but definitely, "let's meet there." Other restaurants - the Grind is nearby - have menus to brag about. But Kitchen 56 has an open feel, with appreciable curiosities on the walls, and the service has been uniformly engaging.
4	Had the super burger and fries tonight... excellent! I like that while they do have some tv's on with sports on them... the housemusic takes front stage.  Might be different on big playoff nights.Also... the tequila thyme drink... delicious and actually had some alchyhol in it!  Fantastic!
4	We love us some K56, so many great things to try on the menu! Every trip is an adventure! Kitchen 56 takes pride in it's food and it shows, not to mention the varied menu, there truly is something for everyone here (even our pickiest friends can find something they like).We tried the Wood-Fired Pizza - they have six different wood fired pizzas to choose from so it was a very difficult choice. I had tried the Spicy Salami & Sausage with San Marzano Sauce, fresh Mozzarella, herbs and spiced oil previously which was great, amazing crust, super delish toppings but we decided to try a different pizza this time. The Arcadia Pie features goat cheese instead of a more traditional mozzarella, leeks (for you foodie types), scallions, garlic and bacon. Winner. Winner... yep, very tasty. Of course bacon on anything is a sure hit but it was a nice compliment to the goat cheese and leeks, I would definitely recommend trying this for a nice change from your traditional pizza.Who can resist Onion Strings... not us! They call them Onion Straws here but by either name they are a treat! The batter was not to thick, nice and light and the dipping sauce is was a spicy remoulade, which was a perfect compliment and a big hit at the table. Food you can eat with your fingers is always welcome at our table, call us low maintenance!Read complete review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=940
5	This place is great!! A must try! give this place a shot its totally worth it. we all love Indy places!
1	We have tried this place twice.  Our first visit was on our anniversary when we were served a bottle of the Emeritus Pinot warm.  The bar tender tried to remedy the situation by putting the bottle in a chiller.   Not a place for wine lovers like ourselves.We came back last night and had a terrible experience.  We ordered the Emeritus Pinot again.  Fortunately it was properly served :). We orders the steak frites for dinner (my favorite) and were served a steak salad.  We sent the salads back .  I kid you not, the kitchen scraped the steak off, added some frites and served It to us cold.  Pathetic.  We sent it back.   The manager came out and offered  us free dessert, never mind that we hadn't eaten anything for dinner....We were not at Denny's (although I wish we were), a brownie doesn't make it all better...we paid for the wine, left and went to Humble Pie.   I don't think we will give this place a third try.
5	I love this place! I bring clients here a lot and they always rave about the food. Best Mac & cheese ever.
4	Great place in heart of Arcadia!  Nice staff,great american food, and awesome location.  Love this place I go here about 3 times a month.  CHECK IT OUT
5	We try to come here at least once a week for their happy hour specials, we can't get enough of the fish tacos and spicy cilantro wings! The service has always been excellent, our servers have been attentive and knowledgeable each time. The restaurant is beautiful, last week we were lucky enough to sit on the patio, it was a perfectly lovely evening!
5	Great happy hour.  Friendly service. Great food.  Great cocktail/wine/beer offerings. AWESOME patio seating.I will definitely be back and I will definitely be telling everyone I can about this place and I will definitely be bringing friends.Great job in making a local restaurant shine!
2	I liked the atmosphere but was overall underwhelmed with the food.
1	The food is very sub par at this place and the owners and staff are incredibly rude. I've tried this place out a couple times but when I ended up getting flies in my pizza that was a no go for me. The bartenders drink on the job and it just seems way to pricey for the type of food and service that you get out of this place.
2	We went for lunch on a Friday. I really want to like this place because it is so close to my home. It has a decent atmosphere and I found the staff perfectly pleasant. I have no complaints with the personnel.Unfortunately, my rating is as is because of the food. The food is the key to a good restaurant so it's going to drive my rating.I had the "Black Angus Burger" which ultimately amounted to two beef patties with cheese on a bun. It was sort of like meatloaf between buns. I admit I left the onions off but I guess I didn't read the menu carefully enough - that's all it was. No lettuce, no tomatoes, nothing else except some pickles attached to the top with a toothpick. It was just a hunk of meat with cheese. I have to say it was a bit gross.My companion had the "Chicken Salad Wrap" which also turned out to be surprisingly simple. Basically some chicken salad scooped into a soft bread rolled into a wrap. Nothing special.Both entrees came with fries that neither of us found particularly good.We were both disappointed but we are going to give it another try. Maybe we just ordered two of their less than stellar menu items. However, a burger is pretty basic.So... I can't say don't go but at this point, the food just doesn't hold up. Again, no problems with the atmosphere or staff.
5	Food...ambiance...service...parking...price...EVERYTHING DOUBLE GREAT.  Loved it and can't wait to go back.
5	I've been here twice, both time were great!  AWESOME happy hour, drinks, food and service were exceptional.  The spicy cilantro wings are the best I've ever had!  Great location, plus we got a discount for riding our bikes!!
1	I have been here once for lunch and sat outside only to get eaten alive by flies, nothing worse than eating outside on a nice patio and being pestered the entire time. I decided to give it another chance for happy hour, well guess what? flies followed me inside too. I don't know if it was the time of year (early spring) or what, but they really need an exterminator!
2	This is a local/neighborhood restaurant that has struggled since it opened.  The food is so-so; the hours somewhat sporadic, in that the restaurant and bar closes whenever business seems slow later in the evening; but service is by far its main downfall.  The last time I took my family there, it was over10 minutes after being seated before anyone made contact with us; it took us nearly 45 minutes after placing a food order to get the food (the place was not really busy); and no one bothered to check to see if things were alright at any point.Tonight, I thought I'd give it another shot.  Again, I took the family, hoping to support a neighborhood business.  There were 3 servers working, and only 4 tables taken by customers.  Remarkably, it again took nearly 10 minutes for a server to make contact or ask for drink orders, then a long time to get the drinks.  Again, no one bothered to check on us after the food was served, even for new drink orders, which we would have made.  Instead of enjoying a meal out, we wound up aggravated, with over-tired and hungry kids.One might think this is just bad luck, but on both occasions, the owner/manager was in the immediate vicinity, seemingly oblivious to what was going on around her.Also, beware, although the childrens' menu says "drinks included" in the entree price of $6.00, this place charged us for the kids' milk.Save your money and go down Indian School in either direction  There are several places that know what they are doing (not meaning OHSO).
5	Frequent patron here... Great bar, great service can dine in or take out. Fresh tuna sushi and steaks. Arcadia salad is great.
3	Good happy hour drinks, great service, but mediocre food. We had the fish and chips, they were very greasy and kind of bland. I also had the vegetable soup to start with and was so oily, that I could not eat it.
5	Always great!!
4	I met a few friends there for a casual dinner and it was perfect. I've driven by this place 100 times and was excited to finally check it out! It's cute and simple inside, nothing over the top or super fancy. We started with the pork corn cakes which were delicious. The sauce had a little kick to it, which was was a nice surprise. We also split the bbq pizza and the baked potato. The pizza wasn't anything to write home about, but the potato was delicious! Smothered with more bbq pulled pork and cheese, it was delicious. If you're looking for a cute place to grab a casual dinner this is a great place! All the food coming out of the kitchen looked delicious and is affordable. I will definitely be back!
3	I think this place is newer, b/c they didn't quite seem to have the A+ service thing down quite yet.  Looks like they'll get there at some point, as they comped a portion of a friend's meal for bringing it out late.  I'm an edamame nut - there's was done with a great little kick, or punch - heat, that is, but over olive oiled.  Had the Turk burger, with small salad side.  Looked cool with the red and yellow bell peppers on it - the turkey burger that is...cooked fine, and tasted dyn-o-mite.  So style and taste bonus points.  Salad was fresh with a nails mustard ving dressing?  Ok.It's got a cool little atmosphere for a Happy Hour; great little wine bar off to the side.  Recommend.
5	This place is really sweet. Went in on a Sunday before I had to get to work and my salad came out almost immediately. Almost passed it by but noticed the parking lot was full. The bartenders name is Mike and he gave awesome service! Definitely coming back!
3	Nice atmosphere , great service and wonderful Mac and cheese. Sitting close to the kitchen and watching food come out. Burgers looked good as well.
3	1st visit.  Not too bad. Wings were good. Serving portions were a bit small for the price.
4	I almost don't want to write this review, as more people will be aware of this place and I might not be able to get a table as easy on the weekends again. In any event.... Love Kitchen 56. Formerly Vatra, still great feel, great look and great bevs and food! We stopped in last Sunday after I took my lady friends and mom by my wedding venue. We were starving, wanted a patio, good wine and a table quickly, Kitchen 56 had all of the above so that is where we headed. I have no idea why they are not busier on Sundays, but whatev, works well for me. *Hint: they have happy hour all day on Sunday, wine is cheaper by the glass than by the bottle*We each ordered yummy glasses of white wine and some lunch. I had the Turkey Panini, yum so good, the garlic aioli is awesome!!! Their fries are ok, nothing to write home about, not worth the calories I don't think. Only criticism was that the bartender didn't really seem to know what was going on, she half asses the explanation of happy hour, miss quoted a price on one of the glasses of wine and had to go check on just about everything. We seemed to have like 4 people waiting on us and had to ask for a couple of things more than once. But over all had a great time, and will totally be back!
4	WONDERFUL PATIO and Service! We just came in for a quick glass of wine and enjoyed our time here. The patio has an amazing view of Camelback and is perfect for happy hour. We tried their cheese and meat plate and were very surprised at the portion they gave for $14. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu!
1	Poor service & mediocre service.We went because they had Ahi on the menu (trying to keep on WW plan). We ordered our entrees, and the black bean dip (yes, ignoring the fact there is probably gobs of cheese in it).  We asked if we can have some cut up veggies with it aside .. The waiter had to go ask, then telling us it would be additional $3 (seriously??).  After we receive the dip and gold plated zucinni slices, the waiter came back to tell us they are out of Ahi.  So is asked if I can replace the fries with the brussel sprout side on the steak frites dinner ... "No, but you can sub the fries with more salad".  So we had to order the sprouts on the side.  The Steak came out cooked nicely, but it would had been nice if they'd seasoned the steak ... even the chimichuri was bland.  Very very disappointed!!
1	Horrible service for the 3rd time at the bar..old chicken wings chewy and chewy calamari. bartenders there are rude and indifferent. Never again
4	Good times, friendly waitress n mgr. Melissa is cool. Compd calamari after finding sum hairs in there. Bought my martini as well. Parm. Chips and drunken bread both good times.
4	Pretty cool. Place. Good food and had Moscow Mule. Pretty good. Never had on before.
4	Had a great experience here! The food was excellent and great service! Friendly atmosphere...will definitely come back!
4	First time here on my birthday.  Love that they let me use my free appetizer and free dessert on the same visit.  Great Happy Hour menu with too die for chicken wings.  A great spicy and zesty taste to them.  The Arcadia salad is light and filling (probably because I ate 7 chicken wings before).  But seriously very good flavor.  Side of green chile mac n cheese which you can get as a meal was good but could have used a bit more of a kick.  Love the history of the building and like that it is not very noisy.
4	I've been here twice for girl's nights out and I love it. The patio is absolutely wonderful.  It's great for a group gathering. There is room to mingle and the drink/wine menu is huge. I love their "Grown Up" Lemonade. The food is also great. I would suggest a cheese plate to start. The honey and the cheeses are all great. I would definitely suggest the Arcadia salad, it's super tasty. I also really enjoyed the sear Ahi tuna. I do want to head there for one of their special event brunches. I've been impressed with the food so far and brunch is by far my favorite meal.
4	Ok, we eat here almost every week!The food is great (I've had exactly one item I wouldn't order again)...the burgers are top notch, the pizzas very good, the salads exceptional...I could go on and on...The staff is awesome, really friendly and attentive. The owner is a sweetheart.It's just a great local place...and definitely try the calamari, it's outstanding!
4	I really love this place.  I like this place so much, I'm bummed I don't get to go more often.All the times I have eaten there, I have never been unhappy with the food, service, or drinks.The food is always full of flavor -- that calamari salad is unreal.  The short-ribs compete for the best-of in Phoenix.  Sadly, they don't have the duck breast entree anymore -- that was one of my favorite meals in Phoenix period.The specialty drinks are excellent as well -- I really like the fact that they aren't over-sweet like so many these days -- they strike a great balance of ingredients that elevate the liquor instead of making it something it's not.Finally the service is spot-on:  friendly, casual, and on-point.  The staff makes every effort to remember familiar faces, and they always seem to go the extra mile to make sure everything is dialed in for the time you spend there.Solid!If I *had* to critique something, the only thing that comes to mind is the furniture on the patio -- I just never feel comfortable sitting out there.
2	I went here for lunch, there wasn't much to choose from (very small lunch menu)  and when we did get a salad and sandwich (30 min later)  to share, both of us were very disappointed with the amount of food that we received and it was COLD! (panini and fries). Only giving this place a 2 because of its ambiance....
3	Not great. I met a friend for lunch and the place was not busy. That tells you something. The service was really slow and the food was just mediocre. I would not go out of my way to go back.
1	I don't know why I continue to waste my time with this place - overpriced mediocre food and the most unfriendly staff in Arcadia.I guess I just want it to be good because of the location, but I'm over it.Last time I'm there we walk in and ask if we can watch the NBA Playoff game - the bar tender tells us he's rather watch the hockey so sorry.  Pretty intense.
5	I love Kitchen 56.  Love.A friend suggested this place for happy hour one afternoon, and I'm so glad she did.  I'd heard of the place but knew nothing about it, so before we met, I looked at their website and made a mental list of the things I wanted to try.  None disappointed!First of all, the place is adorable.  It wasn't at all what I expected, but I loved what it ended up being.  From the outside, the place looked simple and welcoming.  Inside, it's open and casual, and decorated really nicely, from a large mural to fun wall decor.  Seating was available at the bar, tables, or booths by the windows.Upon learning it was my first visit, the server assigned to my table was welcoming and enthusiastic and was quick to recommend drinks and menu items.  My first drink was one of their signature adult lemonades - the black cherry.  It was ridiculously delicious from first sip to the last few amarena cherries left in the bottom of the glass.  I could have easily enjoyed a few of these drinks, especially since they didn't taste like they had alcohol in them!  I had the pink panther next, and while I enjoyed it, it wasn't nearly as good as the first.  Since I was two drinks in, I decided a bit of food would be a good idea, so I tried the black bean dip with tortilla chips off the happy hour menu (it seems to have rotated off the menu, sadly!).  It was SO GOOD and I was disappointed when we finished it.  For dinner, I went with the griddled corn cakes topped with pulled pork.  This was the best thing I'd eaten in a long time!  It was served with two sauces, both of which perfectly complemented the flavors of the corn and pork.  Definitely my favorite.There's nothing I didn't like about this place, except maybe that it wasn't closer to my home.  I look forward to visiting again and again!
3	You Arcadia folks are going to love Kitchen 56. Remodeled inside an old Car / Mechanical repair shop this place has tons of character. They kept pictures of the old mechanic shop up around for nostalgia and makes a good conversation starter if you bring a friend who has never been before. Their cocktails and bartenders have their stuff together for sure. Let them recommend one of the summa cocktails to refresh with natural fresh ingredients. Delish ISH!The negative: Its a bit pricey, you won't be frequenting this place, even if you live in Arcadia due to the price.
4	Great potential for a "local" hangoutOnly downer is the bacon on the burgers....country style - thick fatty and really grislyMacaroni cheese with salad was outstanding!Recommend :)
4	Good drinks, good food.Whether its the pulled pork sandwich (for which they have no problem giving extra sides of bbq sauce), the steak salad or tender short ribs, I have a seriously hard time not reordering the same things over and over.  Every visit here I've tried something different and have yet to be disappointed.  BTW, the housemade chips are light and crispy and go great with a dark and stormy or moscow mule.  Aside from the food, the service has always been accommodating.  On one visit, we had barely 30 minutes to eat and drink in order to make a flight.  Everything was rushed to our table asap (despite the restaurant being full) and as they were ready.  We were in and out with time to spare.  I can't wait for my next visit and to try something new.
4	Went on a Sunday and the experience was flawless.  Laid back atmosphere, James Taylor-like live music, and the pulled pork sandwich tasted akin to Blue Ridge Pig BBQ from back East AKA best bbq on the planet earth.  The service was friendly and fast.  Definitely going back.
3	A year ago I would been very impressed witha place like this, but even if it is nice.. the space is a little odd, and this type of establishments are a dimje a dozen at this time. This doesn't mean this place is any lesser - it just mean this place might have to step it up to maintin the excellence that it wants to uphold.I came here as a mingler (is that a word?) and for that purpose the space is far from optimal. Then add a musician that is ok, but way too loud for the space.. which made it incredibly hard to maintain a conversation. Music at this time is background, not the main event. Service was awesome though.. a couple of waiters served a group of people that was moving about, and still got every order (to my knowleedge) right - thats impressive. I had some house rum drink that didn't exactly knock my socks off, but then again I consider myself a bit of a rum cognoscente and after that drink I switched to a more low key drink.I would go back, but maybe not for Happy Hour.. but then again, they might work on it. The atmosphere is nice enough though.
2	Stopped in for a business lunch. Nice enough place inside. About 20-25% full. Uh-oh. Good looking craft brews on tap. Menu looked solid. Interesting sandwiches and salads. I ordered the barbecued pulled pork sandwich with onion strings. Onion strings on the sandwich were cold-ish, weird. The pork itself was very bland, and the barbecue sauce was nothing to write home about (I can't explain the reviewer love I see on the postings next to mine). My colleagues seemed to like their meals o.k., but no one was talking about their meals or sharing what they got, so that speaks volumes.This place might be worth a shot with a better chef/cook or better recipes. Looks good on paper, but I can't recommend it. Too many good options nearby to make this a go-to place.
3	I really, really wanted to love this place. The live music was...fine...but SO LOUD. They took the black bean burger off the menu, which is a big bummer. The restaurant itself is really cool, and I liked the overall design layout, but service was mediocre and the salad I paid a million dollars for was small and not thrilling. I'd like to go back for drinks and apps and see how it goes.
4	I have been passing this place since I moved into the valley, so the other day my girlfriend and I wanted to go out and grab something to eat so I figured it would be a good time to try a new place. We looked up the menu online and everything sounded amazing and was prices well. The bartender was also our server and recommended some good dishes, he was very nice and knowledgable about the menu. I would definitely go back to eat here!!
5	(Lyrics - Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel)Well since I got really hungryI found a new place to dwell.Its off Indian School and 56th StreetAt Kitchen 56You make me so hungry babyI get so hungryI get so hungry I could dieAnd although it's always crowded,You still can find some room.Where very hungry foodiesDo write away their reviewYou make me so hungry babyI get so hungryI get so hungry I could dieKitchen 56 is located at the border of Arcadia and S. Scottsdale.  It has a vintage full service gas station ambient with a modern twist.  Who knew this would work so well!  I attended on a Sunday evening for the all day HH on drinks and live music was a rocking!It was a lazy Sunday so I ordered me a PBR, yep....yep....yep.  For only $2 a can man that's some cheap fass beer!  Though not much taste I can still appreciate me some PBR and how long it has survived the test of time.  For my entree I ordered their Black Angus burger with fries.  Needless to say, and to my surprise.  It was one damn good fass burger!  Cooked medium and oozing American cheese all over with the fresh crunch of the onions and pickles gave this delectable burger between some butter bread and awesome POW to my palates!  Yummy!  I don't recall talking much that night.  Service was awesome our waiter was quite knowledgeable about the menu plus his recommendations were definitely appreciated.  Can't wait to go back and another round and neither should you! - Enjoy!
4	This place is great.  There is a relaxed feel in the restaurant with cozy booths and a good drink menu.  A nice variety of food too. Good service, must go back soon.
3	Decent enough food.   Although the edamame alone is worth the trip.   That was really the standout for me.    The cocktail menu is varied and great.  Love the cucumber mule.  The waitstaff was excellent and very knowledgeable about every aspect of the menu.
4	Took a walk today along the canal and found this restaurant.  It was pretty good.  I had a proscutto and fig panini with fries.  It was pretty good.  They also have happy hour all day on Sunday for drinks only.  Food specials start later in the afternoon.
4	We love coming here. Live music sometimes, excellent and cheap food at happy hour (try the street fish tacos!) and friendly but quick service.
3	This is one of those places I sort of hate to give a lukewarm review to, because they are trying hard and people have clearly put a lot of work into making the restaurant nice...but the food is mediocre and it's sort of on the pricey side. I came here for a work lunch and the place was on the quieter side, so that's good. I ordered the veggie sandwich ($12.56) and it was just a bad grilled cheese. The chipotle aioli didn't taste very good (and I like chipotle cream sauces) and there was so much of it that the sandwich bread slid around. The cheese wasn't very good. The vegetables in it were fine but nothing too exciting. The person I was eating with got the steak salad and I thought the salad size was...small. Too small to make a lunch of.Overall, I think it's just a little too expensive for what you get especially since there are so many great restaurants that are also pricey but have yummier food for me in the area. But the restaurant area is nice and it probably would be fun for happy hour.
4	Comfortable atmosphere with decent food. We sat in the bar section and was served by the bartender. He was super friendly, made excellent drinks (bloody beer, old fashion) and answered our questions about the menu with ease and sincerity. Had a nice enjoyable Sunday dinner.
3	Came here for a networking event a couple weeks ago. They had some apps out to try and my friend ordered the quesadilla that was on happy hour. Nothing remarkable about this place food wise. I ordered a moscow mule and it was good.We were outside on the patio which is super cute. Definitely a great place to have some wine and sit outside and enjoy the perfect weather. I need to try the main dishes because I wasn't that impressed with the food we had. We tried their chicken wings, ahi avocado salad of some sort, flatbread and parmesan, and then my frriend's quesadilla. It wasn't that the food was bad, it's just not something that I'm ever gonna think about and be like "hey, remember xyz at Kitchen 56?". Worth a shot to try but it's just whatever.
5	This is a great place. Both inside and outside have nice places to sit. The back patio is much nicer than OHSO's. This place has a nicer ambiance and is more family friendly. Food is fantastic. Last night we went for happy hour and loved the drinks and the apps. I also ordered a burger with carmelized onions and mushrooms, which was great! We had excellent, friendly service from the host and our server. I'm surprised this place isn't more busy, being one of the only restaurants smack dab in the middle of Arcadia.
4	Two friends of mine and I were stuck at the stoplight at 56th street and Indian School. Windows rolled down, we smelled the a barbecue grill and saw one of the cutest little patios ever...so naturally we decided to ditch the day's plans and get a bite to eat.Fabulously enough, it happened to be happy hour- which they do everyday! We all got cocktails for $5.56 and plates for the same amount.Garlic cilantro wings are good, they come out crispy, hot and with a little flavor of the grill. Not really that spicy but really yummy. Huge portion for a little over five bucks.We also had short rib tacos, good but nothing super impressive. Drinks were killer though- back porch lemonade, pink panther and green tea. They seem nice and harmless but they do pack a little punch. The vibe on the patio is great and the soundtrack there is on point! Visit for happy hour, it's a great deal.
2	Not horrible, just incredibly unremarkable.The iced tea was good.  And though I didn't indulge in a cocktail their drink menu did look enticing.But then so did their dinner menu...I split the corn cake appetizer and fig and goat cheese pizza with the husband.Normally you'd get the appetizer first, but everything came out at once.  No big deal, I mean the server didn't ask and we didn't specify, so really no love lost there, just an observation.  The descriptions of both made them exciting choices.Then they arrived to our table. Really quickly at least.  The pizza looked good, the appetizer did not.  But whatevs, all looks the same in the end right?The barbecue sauce used on the pork for the appetizer was too vinegary.  The pork was fine, the corn cakes were ok.  Like the presentation the dish was lackluster.Same with the pizza.  We have had goat cheese and fig pizzas elsewhere and this one failed to compete.  The blobs of goat cheese were a little gamey for my liking, and rather than use actual figs they chose an overly tart spread, again in globs.  The crust was fine.  boring. May be back for a cocktail on the patio,  but dinner will be elsewhere.
3	Worth trying once. The service was good. The food is good, but nothing over the top. My pork chop was a little dry but the calamari and mashed potatoes were tasty. Loved the brownie for dessert.
1	Went to Kitchen 56 last night and had the WORST service I have ever had at any restaurant!! The waiter was so incredibly RUDE!!!!! The food was ok, but the time was ruined by the service! Even talked to the manager on duty and she seemed clueless. Don't waste your time going to this place!!!!!
5	Great place. Really come into its own. It started out slow. But has really developed into a great neighborhood place. Nice and easy for families. Great starters. Easy and comfortable service. Comfy seats..... What're could you ask for.
5	Just came in for lunch today, and had a great time. Wonderful, friendly service, and the hummus was yummy to boot. Had a lovely conversation with the bartender, Serena, and can't wait to come back again.
5	Cool place. Great food and Service. Really enjoyed the Wings and BBQ Sandwich.  The Calamari Appetizer was fantastic.
4	Kitchen 56 became my new regular spot once I found it.  I often drove by, but had some other regular watering holes and never stopped in.  One night I went with some girl friends and never looked back! I lived in Boise Idaho for several years, and brand 44 North Huckleberry vodka was local to Idaho.  I searched high and low for bars in Phoenix that had 44 North and i was absolutely delighted when I found it on the menu of Kitchen 56! I can not recommend their happy hour enough. Smokin deals - 5 street tacos for $5.56? YES PLEASE.  I also ALWAYS ordered their Brussels spout hash.  My favorite meals were by far the Ahi Tuna entree and the Short Ribs.  The burgers/sandwiches were mediocre, so stay away from those if you are looking for a true food experience.I give only 4 stars because occasionally their service was lacking, often as a result of being short staffed.  And while their menu had stellar stand outs in my opinion, some items were a little lacking. Ted, the general manager, was great and made sure folks were enjoying their experience.  I would definitely recommend this place over the other local eateries that were often over crowded.  The live music on Sundays and Wednesdays was also a great touch!
2	Very underwhelming and not worth the money. Only positive was the cool drinks. However, service was awful. It took 25 minutes to get our first drink after we ordered. A couple if us had the corn cakes-nothing special. Others got the wings, again nothing special. I had the green chili Mac and cheese-again, nothing special. Everything lacked real flavor and that mixed with the poor service made it a bad experience. Won't be back and do not recommend.
5	We had a party of 8 and all of us had never been here. The service was great, the appetizers delicious and drinks were superb. We all ordered different entrees and not one complaint from anyone! Everyone in my party thought the food was scrumptious!  Great job K56! We will return!!
1	Not the greatest little spot in the world. The food was eh. The service was lousy. My husband asked a question and the waitress was very rude and rose her voice with him. It wasn't necessary and my husband was not being rude so why did she do that?
3	I think 3.5 stars had green chili burger no bun, salad instead of fries - great taste! Pablano peppers had touch oh cold probably cooked in advance than added to burger. Manager spent time everywhere but visiting with the guest.
5	Kitchen 56 has my heart! The food and drinks are aesthetically appealing so you know there is pride in their making. And they are delicious to match!I went there with my boyfriend last Saturday, for both our first times, and we left so satisfied. We started by ordering a Pickle Back, which I highly recommend! It is a shot of Jameson with a shot of pickle juice to follow. Soo delicious! And to finish, you are given a nice cold PBR. The food was great. We ordered the Parmesan Onion dip, with homemade chips! We split the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with a side of their Green Chili Mac and Cheese. Everything came out on time, and was delicious. Our server was so sweet, and it seemed like everyone else working there was as well. I left and instantly recommended it to everyone who asked where we ate that night! Can't wait to go back.
2	I have been visiting this restaurant since they opened and haven't written a review because every time we come it's a different experience. On our visit today for lunch the one major change I noticed is the prices went up. More than what I think is fair. We visited during the lunch hour and almost every thing was $12-$16. Most salads don't have a protein and the salad that I ordered had so little chicken it should be considered bacon bits. We also had Mac and Cheese $12 again for nothing memorable. Noodles and Cheese. Service was slow... I usually hope to have my food within 15-20 minutes for lunch service but it seemed to push the later end of the time frame. We love the patio and the view of Camelback is great. We may come back for a drink but we won't be eating here again anytime soon.Oh and they had a fly problem. We had 2-3 circling our heads for the hour we were there.
4	1st timers and we hope to come back soon!  Nice ambiance inside or out, nice selection of Happy Hour appetizers (meals).  The calamari salad & wood fired pizza were very good.  My wife loved the Green Tea Lemonade, and our server was very knowledgeable & attentive.
5	My favorite canal restaurant. The menu is very inventive although they have no problem charging for their food and cocktails. All their specialty drinks are very tasty (the Black Cherry Lemonade is awesome) but expensive. The views are great the place feels very comfortable inside, a great bar and good tables. I really watch what I eat and Kitchen 56 has some great menu options for low carb low fat items. They even have some vegetarian choices which is always nice to see. While the prices are high I believe I get good value for my money. I am not going to go here to drink all day but stopping in during a bike ride on the canal is great (they do give a 10% discount for bike riders).
2	I've now been to Kitchen 56 on two occasions and both times I was dissatisfied. I feel like this place could be so much more but just isn't. I agree with most reviews on here that the food wasn't bad but just nothing special at all, especially for the price. Unless you go during happy hour, which I do hear is good, things are very overpriced.  The staff is friendly enough but the service was terrible. On one occasion our entire table had nearly finished our entrees before one member of our group had received his food. Both times I have been the service from the wait staff and kitchen has been extremely slow, even when there is no one in the restaurant.  Unless you are going for happy hour, or just enjoy very mediocre restaurants, Skip it.
3	Really great place overall. Been there for 3 years but just now visiting for the first time since my son has gymnastics at Little Devil around the corner.Love the building and decor. They have a B&W mural of the corner building when it used to be a gas station. The staff is superb. Even tho they didn't have any crayons, the hostest brought over a dry erase board with markers. The prices are a bit high but the quality of the food deserves it with a small exception.5 stars from me is just an inch away...- 1 Star for no changing table in either restroom. Luckily there is a bench in the women's restroom so I had to commandere it for a few minutes. They feature a child's menu so I think it's something for 56 to think about.  They do have booster seats and high chairs.- 1 Star because my absolutely tasty ahi tuna salad had a few spoiled pieces of lettuce at the bottom. Leads me to speculate they either use prepackaged greens or they're not rotating stock properly.Thank you 56. Hopefully the lettuce was an isolated incident. I'll be back.
1	The service was good, atmosphere fine. I had a chopped chicken salad. It had 5 tiny slices of chicken, a 1/2 cup of iceberg, an entire raw onion cut on top, a few tomatoes. It was a salad I could have purchased in a bag at the grocery store, only difference was it was $13. Not impressed.
5	Probably the 90th time I've been here, but I can't say enough good things about it. This time I just stopped in for a beer, and had a wonderful conversation with Jess, the bartender. She recommended a great beer, and I was once again reminded why I love this place. Just a great place with great food and drinks, and super friendly people.
4	I am surprised by the mixed reviews of this place! I went here with a friend for happy hour and it was fantastic! We each had a drink- I had their mule, which was very tasty and served ice cold in a copper cup and my friend had the blueberry lemonade drink- this was so good! We also shared the short rib tacos and the calamari. The short rib tacos were fantastic! The meat was tender and it was loaded with veg giving it a very fresh taste. The salsa had just the right amount of heat. The portion size was huge (5 tacos), not only for happy hour, but for anytime. It was a great deal for 5.56$. The calamari was also good, but not nearly as good as the tacos. The calamari was fried and tossed with vegetables in a Thai peanut sauce of sorts. It was tasty, but I don't think I would get it again. Despite this, I will definitely be back for happy hour!
1	I've been there a few times and I just don't understand? This place has potential with location,ambiance and staff but the food is horrible.I wanted to like this place as it's in a great and convenient location. I've been here 4 times and still have not found one thing that's decent on the menu. This last time I was there I had the chicken sandwich on their homemade bread. The chicken was over cooked and the bread was not good either. Everyone in our party did not like their food. For desert they had ice cream, that came out melted and served that way. How do you mess up ice cream?? Plenty of restaurants to eat in the neighborhood and unfortunately this one is my least favorite.
4	Good decor and relaxed atmosphere.  Service was excellent - very friendly, engaging and attentive.  Had tomato basil soup to start which was quite good, and not served too hot.  Pulled pork sandwich was great, but the Kobe burger was better.  Will definitely be coming back.
4	Best burger and service I have had in a long time.1.The burger and fries that I had at this restaurant was the best I have had in a long time. Cooked properly and seasoned perfectly. Fries were fresh cut potato and well disappeared off my plate.2. The server was kind good at giving recommendations and made the experience that much better. my drink never got empty and attention was paid to what we needed for the table. I have never been more pleased with a wait staff in a long time.The only gripe I have is parking and the ability to get in can be a little annoying but a good hole in the wall none the less.
3	My co workers and I have a payday Friday tradition where we pick a new place to eat lunch that's considered cool/hip/trendy.  Today's vote was for kitchen 56.  We walked in and the smell of a wood burning oven was a nice welcomeing scent.  It had a nice open floor plan and didn't make you feel cramped at all while eating in the dining room.I ordered one of the firebread sandwiches which was like a flatbread type sandwich.  I got the Steak.  When it came out it came with a salad and I asked for fries to which they promptly brought out a large plate of fries which the whole table then got to enjoy.  the steak was a little tough to chew through and not quite the best cut to put on a sandwich but the flavor was great and the bread was super fresh and soft.all in all had a nice experience and will be back for sure
4	New kitchen staff ... Food is fantastic.  Kobe burgers are hot and juicy. Drinks are the best.  Visit when Leah is behind the bar ... She is the "worst" of the best --/just kidding she's the best!!!!
5	Last night, my girlfriends and I went out to dinner...we met at a  restaurant that I had a Groupon for and found a sign on the door that said "Closed for Renovations". Totally bummed we decided to go down the street and try Kitchen 56. Let's just say when we left, we all agreed we were glad that the restaurant we were going to go to was closed. Kitchen 56 rocks!! First off I love the ambiance and decor, our waiter was friendly, funny and very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks! I tried his recommendation of the Pink Panther Lemonade and it was amazing with fresh blueberries! One of the other ladies had white wine and was thoroughly impressed. We were even lucky enough to hit happy hour prices!  We ordered 3 dishes to share... homemade potato chips with a parmesan-onion dip...amazing!! Steak and spinach salad - the dressing was light and tasty and the pieces of steak were incredible! No fat whatsoever and quite a few pieces! Then we got the Acadia Wood Fired Pizza! And it was amazing!! Afterwards, we got the chocolate chip cookie topped with ice cream, can we say yummy!! the cookie was warm and gooey and tasted great with the ice cream. I totally recommend this place! The prices are moderate and the food and service is great!!!
5	Awesome place.   Nice waitstaff.   We started off with the chips and dip, so good.   Followed with two burgers.    Very delicious.  We will definitely be visiting again... And again.  :)
5	Kitchen 56 is absolutely fantastic. I have been there many times, and tonight was no exception. The owner was in and very personable, the bar staff was super pleasant and very attentive, and the food as always amazing. The advice to get are the chicken wings. They're fried and then grilled!!! Always need some extra time on the grill, so let your server know! Awesome place, great location, and great happy hour (3-6pm daily). Love this
4	One of my favorite places to meet friends! They have a great Happy Hour menu and the service is always great.My personal faves are the homemade potato chips with dip (always a hit!) and the Calamari Salad. The Calamari was always my "go-to" dish, but the last 2 times I've ordered it I've been disappointed.  I've been told about kitchen staff changes and recipe changes, but I feel like they took a great recipe and ruined it.I still love the location, staff and ambiance, so I'll just find new dishes to order. I've had their mushroom pizza and a few of their other dishes. All good. Hopefully no more recipe changes in the future.
4	Nice place.  Service was better than average.  I was there for happy hour, and found the prices reasonable, and the chicken wings I had were tasting, and a good value.I don't know much about this place other than the one visit today, but this one experience is fairly positive.Seems like there is a nice regular crowd.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia! Great service, food and staff.
5	One of my favorite places to meet up with friends and have a drink! Great staff and great atmosphere!
4	lovely local spot!  i wish we had something like this near our home.  good food great atmosphere, friendly place.
4	stopped in last night again - this joynt should have more people, because the food and ambiance and service are excellent, and we have to have as many family-owned restaurants as possible that are willing to put out quality product - and this place is it!My brother had the meat & cheese board for dinner - it's an excellent selection of quality products that really complement each other: mortadella, gobbagool, different good cheeses, crostini, really good olives, walnuts and figs with honey,  pickles, etc. I had the smoked pork sandwich covered with onion straws (ah - ooo) with the most perfect french fries ever.  excellent selection of beers - had an amber ale the waitron recommended.Don't miss this joynt - support your local chefs.
4	This place used to be a gas station and the building was re-purposed as one of the better eateries on the East Indian School row of restaurants. I've been here for lunch and dinner and the service is always great. The burgers could very well be the best I've ever had. Of course any burger is great when you have a heaping mountain of bacon on it! We have frequent guests that fly in from France for work and we always bring them here after we pick them up from the airport. If the French guys say the food is good it must be great! There's usually a local guy playing covers with his guitar and the outdoor patio has a ping pong table that's fun to burn off some of that bacon.
5	Monday night drop in. Never been there before. Exterior does not show the level of quality inside - decor, environment, wine list, food. Drinks/cocktails are well made and nice beer selection.Service excellent. Staff attentive and very helpful and obliging.Definitely go back again.
5	unique and delicious !
5	I love this place for the carefully selected menu and the amazing cocktails. It deserves a lot more business.
3	Kitchen 56 is a great place to stop in during lunch or happy hour. We've had virtually every thing on the menu and the food is always great. They have a fantastic outdoor seating area and will periodically host live music. The restaurant also has a wonderful history. Their downsides are that they redid the menu last year and a lot of our favorites are no longer there, service has been lacking a little lately and they raised their prices (they would've had more stars if it weren't for these things). I guess restaurants think this is something they should automatically do when they are in the Arcadia area.
