5	I am pleased to write a 5-star review for Check Maid. I completed their on-line reservation form, and despite the fact that it was after business hours, I received a confirmation email from Alex within 15 minutes. Their team arrived right on time with all of their own supplies. They use "green" products so my house smelled fresh, not like disinfectant. I was very impressed with their thoroughness and attention to detail. Alex followed up with a check in email less than an hour after the team left. I will not hesitate to use and recommend Check Maid in the future.
5	I used CheckMaid for a move out.  They arrived promptly on time and work feverishly to complete the job.  They were professional and polite.  I would recommend their services to anyone in need of  a a cleaning service.  Ken
5	I have never had someone come and clean my house before... and check maids was who we decided to go with because of the amazing price and the amazing reviews we saw. We were NOT disappointed. They cleaned everything top to bottom, it was SPOTLESS! Not to mention that the cleaners were so sweet and nice. With 2 dogs, our house gets fur everywhere and little nose prints on glass, and water driplets on the tile, the cleaners did NOT miss one spot. I was SUPER impressed, and wil definitely be using them again.
5	I am a local business owner in Las Vegas. I switched over to Check Maid after another local company (ahem, JaniKing) reportedly was stealing personal items from my employees at their work stations. After reporting to JaniKing and calling Check Maid and a few others for quotes, I found Check Maid to be fairly priced. Once I met with the staff I knew this was the cleaning service in Las Vegas that I needed. Three months later, I have not had a problem with Check Maid and their cleaning services are SUPERB!I highly recommend Check Maid Cleaning if you are looking for a trustworthy, reasonably priced cleaning company.Thanks Check Maid!
5	I have lots of animals, and animal hair all over the place, but Dina's cleaning crew cleaned pet hair from everywhere, including our purple velvet couch, blinds, fans, and hard to reach bookcases. The carpet looked and smelled fresh, mirrors were spotless, and our bathroom counter was finally soap scum free.Thanks! I would definitely recommend.
5	I got referred to this cleaning company from a friend of mine. I myself am very clean person in general, but I can't say the same for the other two roommates in our 4 bedroom house. (3 single guys who all play poker for a living in Las Vegas can get messy lol) So we decided to hire professional help. They offer great low flat rate fees (plus tip as this is a service) and even include discounts for reoccurring cleanings!The staff arrived on time as scheduled and were very professional and meticulous in their cleaning efforts! They did not miss a spot! We have 2 dogs and our bigger dog sheds everywhere he walks by, and they did a fine job vacuuming every last hair up! They made sure to deep clean some of the accidents my little one has at times on the carpet as well.I would highly recommend Check Maid cleaning (great name by the way) to all my family and friends. If you ever need professional cleaners in the Las Vegas area, you know where to turn to and trust! Here is their website: http://checkmaid.com
5	The best!! I was not expecting my house to be this clean, they cleaned every inch of my house until it was spotless! I wouldn't hire anyone else, Dina is wonderful and super nice.
5	It's the cleanest my room has ever been, and they were such nice people as well.
5	WOW! I have a one bedroom condo and it was a wreck after having friends stay with us during the 4th of July. We also have a dog that sheds a bit (not to mention, my long-ass hair gets everywhere). I scheduled an appointment with Check Maid after being referred to them by a friend. And again, WOW! They went above and beyond my expectations. My place is spotless! Every nook and cranny is hairless :) Dina and her partner were exceptionally friendly and thorough. I will definitely use them again.
5	Dina and Jorge arrived on time and ready to work. They were very thorough and did a great job cleaning. My house smelled clean without that harsh chemical smell I hate. I was very impressed how clean they were ably to get my floors. With three dogs and a cat there is hair and paw prints everywhere, but after they were finished my floors looked shiny and pet free. I will definitely call them again!
5	After moving out of my condo, the place was a mess.  They came in and cleaned everything up.  Very nice job.
5	Great job cleaning up the house.
5	First of all I have 3800 sq ft home with 7 bdrms and 4 full baths! Dina cleaned it from top to bottom! Every inch was clean! I can't say enough about  this cleaning service! Excellent service! Highly recommend!!!!!
5	I had my first cleaning yesterday. Carolyn and Denise were courteous, professional and on time. They did an awesome job!! My house looks and smells fantastic!! Check Maids gets an A+ in my book!!
5	Hired these guys from all the fabulous reviews already on here. I am not disappointed! I am 9 months pregnant and just don't have the time or energy to clean my 2500sqft 4bd house. Two fabulous ladies came a couple minutes early and cleaned for the whole 4 hours and my house is cleaner than ever! I am very picky about how my house is clean (I checked for cut corners and there weren't any). I also have 3 little dogs and they were great about it (our dogs ignored them after a few minutes of trying to get loves). Overall very professional, timely, courteous, and thorough! I will definitely be calling again once baby arrives. You won't be disappointed if you hire them!
5	Dina and her team did a wonderful job cleaning my house. They were efficient, detailed and diligent.  They took the time to ensure corners and hard to reach places were covered, not to mention they were super fun to talk to. Dina also generously shared her cleaning tips and products for my everyday up-keep. Will definitely ask for them for my next cleaning job. Thank you!!
1	I have left messages and been calling for two days with no response I was looking forward to giving a good review but I think not they already seem flakey to me. After posting this review I have received 12 threating phone calls  im posting what they posted on MY yelp page after I wouldn't respond to their response I have since contacted the police beware of writing a bad review they claim the call service is open til  5 I left a message at 5 last night they had all day plus I called them again today from my business phone and cell but only received harassing phone calls after this posted and it is now 9 pm and their still calling holy cow beware maybe that's why they have good reviews they threaten everyone who doesn't give them five stars sorry but not scared of you and I have witnesses below is also the review they wrote and removed from best in show dog grooming see the pic were not lying how dare these peopleEVEN MORE UPDATE! its now the next morning and they have yet created another fake profile leaving a one star for them and five star for my business CRISSY ..QUIT STALKING ME!!!! ITS NOT MY FAULT YOU DONT RETURN CALLS IM NOT CHANGING MY REVIEW! Change your business practices and if you get a one star review call back and fix the problem that's what Yelp is for use it to better your business!!! Not this!!Review from Isaac N.Photo of Isaac N.  1 friend  8 reviews Isaac N. I love foodCarlsbad, CA Follow This Reviewer  1.0 star rating     8/22/2013  RUN AWAY!!! I tried to call this business 3 times and nobody answered the phone. It wouldn't even let me leave a voicemail. They seem flakey already.Was this review ...?Useful 1  Funny   Cool 1   Bookmark  Send to a Friend  Link to This Review
5	What more can I say... They are amazing!  I try to keep my house as clean as possible, but sometimes it's a challenge when finding a balance between chores, work, and workout schedule.  Rosa and Beatriz do a wonderful job of leaving the place spotless. No speck of dust in sight, and everyone knows how dust accumulates here in the Vegas valley.  Even my bathrooms are immaculate, what takes me forever to clean are the soap scum and water mark stains. They're like my fairy god mothers of the cleaning industry. They're very friendly too. I would definitely use them again for their spectacular services. Helps me eliminate one less thing to worry about every other weekend.
5	This company is absolutely top notch, cream of the crop, 110% amazing.  I saw the coupon on Yelp and immediately hopped on board. I spent a few months studying for a super important exam and by the time it was over, I just had zero energy to clean my house. I made an appointment online and within minutes, the company emailed me to confirm my appointment and the cost of the cleaning service.  They clean at a flat rate based on the number of rooms and bathrooms in your home, which is wonderful because most companies require an estimate and won't quote you until they survey the home. My appointment time was 4pm and the two cleaners arrived on time with all of their supplies and finished in about 2.5 hours.  When they were finished, my house was absolutely spotless. It wasn't even this clean when I moved in! Everything from the floors to the baseboards to the carpet to the kitchen (sink, microwave, tiled countertops, fridge) to the bathrooms were impeccably clean.  I almost didn't recognize my bathrooms because they were even able to deep clean the tile in the shower and on the countertops that I have had trouble cleaning for months. I truly could not believe how amazing everything looked when they were finished and it took less than 3 hours! Everything was shiny and looked brand new with a wonderful, fresh smell. Check Maid does not just clean your house - they DEEP clean your house. Everything in your house, top to bottom is clean, dusted and even organized (items are put away neatly and orderly). The two cleaners, one male and one female (I can't remember their names for the life of me) were very friendly and made me feel extremely comfortable should I have any questions or specific instructions for areas of the house.  I will absolutely be a return customer and would recommend this company to EVERYONE who feels like taking a day off and letting a professional, responsible and reliable company do the dirty work. Thank you!!!!!!
3	I really wanted to give these ladies 5 stars but I cannot.PROS:1. They showed up on time.2. They were friendly and professional and spoke perfect English.3. They had all their own supplies. Of course everyone would expect that.4. They take Saturday appointments. CONS:1. I was promised a $5 discount if I booked my appointment online which I did not get but when I complained about it they immediately gave it to me. This should be fixed.2. Despite putting in my 60$ Yelp Voucher code in when I scheduled my appointment it did not accept it and I was charged the full amount by when I complained about it they credited it back me immediately. This should be fixed.3. We have been using another cleaning service which sends 2 ladies and they get our home spotlessly clean in 3 hours but we thought we could save money using this $60 Yelp Voucher but here's the problem. The two ladies from Checkmaid took 4 1/2 hours to clean our home which is 1 1/2 hours longer than our regular service thereby canceling out any possible savings. It took them 4 1/2 hours to the exact same thing the other service can do in 3 hours.4. Our 3 toilets were left with a stain in the bowels. Our other service always gets the stains out but Checkmaid could not. We used a bleach spray cleaning product and cleaned them ourselves. 5. The floor on our shower was not properly cleaned. It was left looking dirty. Our other service always manages to get it clean. We used a bleach spray cleaning product and cleaned them ourselves. 5. Our upstairs TV and cable box were left with a thick coat of dust on them.6. Out downstairs TV (although the screen and cable box were cleaned) the top of the TV was not wiped and had a thick coat of dust left on it.7. The ladies commented to me that if I gave them 5 stars the company would give them all the money that I pay. They say that obviously to try and encourage me to give them 5 starts which I would have love to do but could not in good conscious. I believe this policy of giving them all the money may be the reason they take so long, they are probably trying very hard to get that extra money so the take an extra 1 1/2 hours but this costs the customer money because we have to pay for that extra 1 1/2 hours. On top of that the job that they did was not even as good as what our other service can do in just 3 hours.8. We have a laundry room. They did not even go in there, the floor was not mopped, the trash can was not emptied, and the tops of the washer and the dryer were not whipped down, just left dirty.
5	Carolyn and Denise did an amazing job cleaning our house. They were on time, pleasant, great with the dogs. I highly recommend them!!!
5	I have never had a cleaner come to my home before, but after the crazy work schedule i have endured in this town for the past few years on what always seems to be very little sleep, I decided it was time to take a load off.About a month ago i  found Checkmaids on Yelp and decided on them after reading the reviews.... They have an excellent  for the coupon deal for first timers let me tell you, TOTALLY worth every penny!!!!The man and woman (i think her name was Dina) team that showed up were very polite, and efficient, asking me several questions as to where my main concerns and focuses were.. After a quick tour they jumped right into action.. Now,  I dont consider myself a messy person, But it seems that the dust and dog hair can add up in places i dont always seem to get to! Well they most certainly did!! Every scuff, every spot, every little piece of dust and furball was gone after a few hours of very detailed and diligent work! My bathrooms were 5star worthy, my window sills and shades were white again,  and im not even sure if ive ever seen my kitchen sparkle like this!!Brand new!! They were very meticulous about the details, and made sure to ask if everything was up to my standards with each corner of the house they finished..I have to say, being in the service industry, as many of us in Vegas are, I clean up and tend to others all day long. Its not easy to want to put the same hours into doing it after work is done... It is a most excellent treat to be able to come home to a spotless sparkling house and put your feet up to just relax. All i can say was AMAZING. Its been about a month since they have been here and looking around again at the dust, i think its time i commit to monthly appointments!!  Im just hoping i can request the same crew!!!!
1	NO CHRIS I wont call you I finally got you to quit harassing me and you know exactly what that is because YOU posted it and told not only myself but my husband as well if we don't remove our review you will post bad things on my business and after you posted that review you called me again telling me to watch out and that you would remove it but I better watch myself!! and if you never had a voicemail from me how is it that you had my phone number and if your not denying that I left a message but you in fact did call me back your right you did call me back after I posted this review TO HARASS ME try again idiot AND MY VOICEMAIL IS HOW YOU FOUND MY BUSINESS TO HARASS! Had you called me and apologized your review would have been changed and you probably would've had a weekly client BUT YOU DONT NO HOW TO RUN A BUSINESS.... YOUR BAD GET OVER IT! LEARN A LESSON!
5	Signed up on yelp just to write this review. They did an AMAZING job! Definitely will book again!!!
5	I am studying for my Insurance License & I AM short on time.  Dina & Jorge did a beautiful job of cleaning our Townhouse.  We have two dogs & a cat, so pet hair can be a challenge. They did all that was asked & more.  Dina & Jorge are both cheerful as they do their work.  It was a joy to have them in our home.  We look forward to their next visit.
1	REALLY! Again NOW its IVAN harassing me he called my business againtoday and told my employee that he has thirty people about to have a negative response to me and told her he has pictures of me! HOLY COW im really glad they never got as far as coming to my house I would be scared of these people coming to my house! THESE GUYS ARE CRAZY STALKERS! All over me not removing my ALL TRUE negative review! im not the only person they have done it to im just not pushed around easy I don't think its right to let them get away with this and do it to other people and they are posting their own one star reviews trying to dis credit me look in the filters!
5	Bottom Line: Fair, Straight-Forward Pricing for Quality WorkI hired Check Maid for a move-out clean last week.  They did a great job on what was, I am embarrassed to admit, a pretty dirty and gross house.  They were able to get rid of all of the water spots and gunk that built up in the bathroom from the hard water and got the hard to remove grease off of everything in the kitchen.  They went above and beyond by cleaning out the laundry room, including the washer/dryer, wiping down walls, cleaning the air ducts and returns, and even vacuuming an impossible to reach ceiling fan.  I loved the on line booking, very responsive email communication, and the text reminder about the appointment.  And I can't say enough about the flat-rate pricing.  I got quotes from 3 different companies - one came in much higher than Check Maid and one came in lower, but I felt its estimate of billable hours was grossly underestimated just so they could get a foot in the door.  Check Maid said what they would do and how long it would take, and they did all that and more.
5	This company is very professionally operated and the couple they sent to clean my home, Nina and Jorge were extremely courteous, polite and efficient.  They showed up exactly on time I showed them the house, they asked if there was anything in particular I wanted them to focus on and immediately went to work.  I have a large home and they were here for just about 4-1/2 hours and after cleaning each area Nina insisted that I look it over to make sure I was satisfied, which indeed I was!  They left my home spotless!!I used another cleaning company once several months prior to finding Check Maid and not only were they more expensive (charged by the hour) they didn't get to everything they were supposed to and they scratched the marble in my master shower which cost me $150 to get buffed out.  Needless to say, after that experience I was more than a little gun shy but after having Nina and Jorge clean my house I would never use any other cleaning service.They really went above and beyond my expectations, there wasn't a thing they missed and my house sparkled when they were done.  I would wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone!Thank you!
5	I am a super, anal clean freak until I started my own business and have no time to clean my own house.  In the meantime, I've never kept a relationship with any cleaning service, because they never cleaned to my standards, until I met Jorge and Dina of Check Maid.I decided to give Check Maid a try since there was a yelp offer.  It was nice to make an appointment online, but there was no place to put the yelp offer code in, so I had to search for a working Check Maid phone number to have that corrected.  Needless to say, I am not a fan of Check Maid corporate, because they are intentionally illusive by not posting their main number,  but if you need it , it is 1-800-737-4802.  However, Dina and Jorge, our local Check Maid cleaners, I am a fan of!  They are professional, on time, and efficient.  I have a large home and though they would never finish in 4 hours, especially for the initial cleaning, but they did!  They cleaned every nook and cranny like the baseboards, windowsills, and floor corners. Rest assured, Dina and Gorge speak clear English.  They exceeded my high expectations, and I liked that they asked me to do a visual inspection of their cleaning, and to let them know if there is anything that that did not meet my standards, so they could fix it to my satisfaction.    They need minimal supervision and will clean your home beyond your expectations!You will not be disappointed in Dina and Gorge's cleaning!
5	I was referred Check Maid by a friend and was very impressed with the job they did and their professional service.  Two workers showed up on time, they divided up the job and cleaned the entire 2400 square foot in house in just a couple hours. I will def use this service again and I have recommended them to several others
5	These people are great.  They really do a good job cleaning and even put sheets in the laundry after they changed it.  I would have to say they are better than my previous cleaner.The appointment online was an easy process.  Very professional and would use them again!
5	I am a super picky cleaner, and Dina and her partner (Jorge is how you spell it?) did a great job.  My bathrooms look the cleanest they have ever looked, especially the tubs and showers...wowza.  They were tolerant of my 2 huge, annoying, misbehaving dogs even though I'm sure they made them uncomfortable, haha.  There is always a ton of dog hair everywhere in my house and they used both their vacuum and my vacuum (a Dyson) to get it.  I'm picky about things like baseboards, how my couch is vacuumed, etc., and they did a great job.  They are very friendly, too!Dina and Jorge went above and beyond on several things.  That being said, I wish I could give 4.5 starts for the company (not for anything related to these cleaners in particular, they were great) given what is included in the cleaning.  For example, I really wanted my window sills cleaned out and a few more "deep clean" type things, but I'm pretty sure I would have had to pay for a "move out" clean for stuff like that.  Booking was super easy online, and Dina was very communicative about the appointment.  This cleaning cost a bit more than other companies in Las Vegas, but they do a MUCH BETTER JOB, and so for me it was totally worth it.  I will use them again and have already recommended them to several people.
1	This is definitely a zero-star business. After dealing with them over and over and getting no satisfaction I removed my other review to replace it with this one.As cleaners go, they're okay. As soon as you involve customer service or management you can kiss any hope of resolution good-bye. They are unprofessional, to the point of almost being illiterately so, I mean just dumb people. And I want to apologize in advance to illiterate people, no offense to you.After my first review they came back to my house. I had just come in from out of town and they had some deal with their kid and couldn't make it. So, they took it upon themselves to reschedule. When they came back they were obviously in a hurry and did a slop job. Complained, rewrote my review, had management harass me to change my review, sent them out again, finally got my floors clean. Okay, done.Went to reschedule to have them come out and clean again. They apparently took me off the monthly schedule I was on without me knowing. Called in, told the woman to make sure maids knew the door would be open for the next cleaning, I would not be there. Maids come over, knock and knock, call, text message. I'm in a meeting I can't get out of to take any calls, or return texts so they leave. No cleaning. I call in, they say they saw that for the NEXT appointment I had. I didn't even know I had a next appointment. So, rescheduled for the next day. THEY NEVER SHOWED UP.Called back up and talked to another illiterate person who put me on hold to answer another call. Uh, okay. Came back and said she'd check it out and call me back. NEVER CALLED BACK.I called for two days straight at varying times of day and THEY NEVER ANSWERED THE PHONE.This company is crap. Seriously. If you have no problems you're probably fine, but the second you have one you have just encountered the Keystone Cops. Bumbling, lying, rude, ignorant people where you are sure to get no resolution.I can assure you as an avid reviewer, a conscientious consumer, a person who expects great customer service: this company only cares about good reviews. You are persona non grata if you have problems. STAY AWAY, there are a million good cleaners in Vegas, this is NOT one of them.
5	It was a little rough going at the start with this business; I called and scheduled a service for a Thursday afternoon and no one ever showed up. Though the  girl I spoke with on the phone, Sam, was incredibly apologetic and very helpful in trying to isolate the problem of what had happened. I work graveyard, so when someone called me at noon on Friday from the corporate office, I was half asleep. She told me she understood that my boyfriend had turned the electricity and water on at our old house specifically for this day (this was the cleaning before I handed the keys over to the realtor) and that they would take care of the cleaning and someone would be out Saturday at 3pm. Silly me for not taking her name and number, but I was half asleep. No one ever showed up Saturday either and no one ever answered the phone. Fast forward to Monday morning when I finally got ahold of someone who assured me that  a team to clean my house would finally show up Tuesday afternoon. Jorge and Dina are the reason this company is getting five stars from me. It probably should only get 4, but I want everyone to know that Jorge and Dina totally deserve 5 stars. Obviously the structure of the management in this company is lackluster, but, the service was free because everything had been messed up for me, and my house now looks the best its looked in 20 years. Dina and Jorge are so friendly and personable, and did an absolutely amazing job! My floors, bathrooms, and baseboards hadn't been cleaned in ages and it was so nice to see them sparkling when I returned back to my house 3 1/2 hours after I had let them in. Even after they were done and I had to hang some curtains and removed some hand-painted cabinet doors, Jorge and Dina stayed to help me. Check Maid is really lucky to have a team like them, because they are the reason that customers will come back!
5	I just had my first cleaning with these guys and plan to continue at a minimum on a monthly basis.  I had Jorge and Dina and I want to make sure that they are the ones that continue to clean for us.  They did a really great job and I love the online booking.
1	No, no, and no! Definitely would not refer anyone to this cleaning company.  There is a list of things they dont do and then the things they are supposed to do, they didnt. I am a very unhappy customer.  The cleaners were very nice, but thats about it. They did a pretty good job on my bathrooms but the rest of the house, no way. After I complained they offered me a 10% discount. .. what the hell is 10%? These people are a joke!
5	I've been using Check Maid for about 6 months now and couldn't be happier. It's the first time I've ever used a cleaning company regularly so admittedly, I have nothing to compare their service to. Having said that, I've been so happy with them that I feel I don't need to "shop" around for comparisons.The online booking system is seamless and if you ever need anything, an email is promptly responded to. They are very accommodating if any last minute changes to your appointment is needed and will work with you to find another time slot that works.The cleaning itself is about as good as it can get. Great attention to detail and they even accommodate my OCD requests. I also greatly appreciated being asked to check over their work, which I did do the first couple of times, but now I'm so confident of the quality of their cleaning that I no longer feel like I need to check it.I have no hesitation in recommending Check Maid to anyone who's looking for regular home cleaning service.
4	I am extremely happy with this cleaning service. It was very easy to schedule on the website. What makes it so great is Dina and Jorge. They are very professional and reliable. They arrive on time and do a great job. I'm especially happy with how clean my bathrooms are. I have 3 cats and feel comfortable having Dina and Jorge there. I know they will not leave the doors open so the cats can get out. They also do a super job getting the cat hair off the furniture and rugs. Never an easy task! I would recommend this service to anyone!
5	We had Dina and Jorge come clean our house and they did an exceptional job. They were very accommodating. Their customer service and friendly attitude was outstanding. We've used another cleaning service once before and it was mediocre but Dina and Jorge went above and beyond our expectations. We were having dinner guests and the first thing they said was how clean our home was. I would definitely recommend Dina and Jorge to anyone who needs a cleaning service. I will definitely ask for their help again.
5	Dina and Jorge did my home at the very last min. and they did a fantastic job. I have been skeptical about getting a cleaning service, but I am SO happy I did and I cannot wait till my next months service !
5	Dina and Jorge did an amazing job cleaning our home. I've had trouble finding someone that cleans as I would. They went above and beyond! I would definitely recommend them. My house has never been so clean!
5	I actually wanted to be a cranky customer and can't do it! Dina was fantastic - pretty much the only thing that went well that week.To put this in context, we have a brand new house and have had people in and out of the house moving furniture, installing shutters, doing all sorts of other things... the house was a mess. We booked to have Dina and company come on Friday afternoon after all the madness was supposed to be over... except it wasn't.Almost every person who was supposed to come and finish their installations and moves postponed from Thursday to Friday. So we had Dina show up with a house full of installers doing their thing. I wanted to reschedule for the next week, but they wouldn't allow it (I understand, it would be a last minute change with no client for Dina to go to...)Instead, Dina choreographed her cleaning around the installers, doing room by room and closing the doors when done. Dina did one of the best cleaning jobs and under very unusual conditions. I have never been so impressed with a cleaning service. And I really appreciated how she essentially worked her way around everyone else. I will definitely use Dina again - Checkmaid will become our go to cleaning service. A performance like that deserves our loyalty. Thanks Dina!
5	Ok, I knew my house was dirty...but I didn't realize how dirty until it wasn't!  I have never hired a cleaning company, but realized my house would never get clean if I didn't.I read the reviews that Jorge & Dina received on Yelp and decided to give Check Maid a try. Let me just say, the Yelp reviews were right! Dina had a prior commitment, so Jorge's niece filled in and I was very impressed by the attention to detail and the great job they did. Jorge took the time to find out what my priorities were and if I had any special requests. When they were finished he made sure I was very pleased with the results...and I have to say it surpassed my expectations. I would definitely recommend them to any one looking for a clean home. My house now looks clean, bright, and smells wonderful. My only problem is...it is too clean for me to convince my husband I did it all by myself!
5	Dina and Jorge are amazing.
5	Dina & Jorge did a great job. They were very reliable & the house looked fabulous when they were done. I would highly recommend using them. I will be using them in the near future.
4	Dissapointed that online they offer service to my area, When I called however this was not the case.
3	They did ok! For the price I could have done a more thorough job. I mean don't get me wrong they swept mopped and vacuumed but my floors still were still dirty. They definitely did good just not the best.I paid for 3 hrs they left in 2 hrs. I don't like to clean but I will be doing the cleaning  from now on.
5	Wow!! I am so impressed!! My house had been neglected for a while. They came in, and did a fantastic job! And quickly! I was surprised how quick the 3 hours went! My oven looks brand new!! They really did a wonderful job. I would definitely recommend them. Thank you again!! :)
3	I felt like I needed to update my review. I had Check Maid come to clean our house again, and the original lady had car problems and called me (car problems happen, it's fine) so they were a couple hours late to start. We left, and 6 hours later (after driving by our house a few times to see of she was still there throughout the day) we came back and she was gone. Now, I'm not saying everything was horrible, but my floors were still dirty, and my guest bed looked like it was just thrown back together, and I know this is dumb, but the last time I had them clean they got the hard water rings out of my toilets (something I have NEVER been able to do) and this was something I was excited for, and this time it looked like my toilets had hardly been touched. So, I'm not saying it was completely horrible, but it definitely wasn't as good as the first time. I had left a not so pleasant review, that I took down, after being misinformed about a pretty good discount for being a return customer, so I'm not sure if that had anything to do with it. I'll most likely be looking for a new home cleaner in the future.
4	Made my appointment for 8:30am on December 23. No call no show, called the main office about 8:45 and explained the issue, and I was pretty angry because I had company coming in that evening. They remedied the situation by giving me a 15% discount and finding another cleaning crew who could make it later that afternoon. When I got home that evening everything was sparkling, I can't believe the detail they went into. The only real critique I can make at this point though is to improve communication. I feel like I had to call the office back more times than they promised to call me first. I will use them again though.
