3	Been there a few times and the food is always quite good. The service leaves a little to want at times but overall the place is good. The chili dogs are to die for as are the hot rocks.
2	Stack...High priced steak, that was tasty, but not worth the money I paid for it.My wife had the Petite Filet.  She said it was delicious.  I'm sure it was...it should have been for $38.We did have an AWESOME oversized baked potato...that much I loved.The service sucked...the ambience was nice, but typical of most of the other restaurants in Vegas...namely, dark.I'd like to believe that there are a great deal of steak restaurants in Vegas where one could get a killer meal, for alot less...But, it's a place to see, and be seen ( spending lots of money ), and I guess if that's what you're into, then it's the place for you.I really wanted a great steak and a fantastic experience to go with it...Ah well...next time.
4	Help!  I'm unable to make it to Las Vegas for another year.  Send Scott's Screamer.  The food was, for Vegas, decently priced.  The music was like a sweet, sweet salve to my ears after the house, underwater electonica crappity that blares all over Vegas.  I think we actually heard The Replacements.  Minus two stars for the service, plus on for Scott's Screamer.
2	Ummm ...Riggghhhttt.  Alright, I'm into the ooo and ahhh as much as the next guy on the trendy strip spots.  I ended up again there this weekend, not my choise, and this has to be vented.  Trendy comfort food?  Bacon and Brie tater tots... mmm tastes like tater tots.. Pigs n' a blanket in a ketchup and mustard dipping sauce... ummm (what is the markup from Costco frozen food section I wonder).  Thin sliced beef on a hot rock ..(isn't that Korean BBQ?)  And don't look at me like I don't get it . Because I do!  I DO!   I just feel like somebody is laughing somewhere when the bill comes.  Positives... The steaks are actually very good.  Ok I feel better now.
3	I was underwhelmed with this restaurant. The service was poor - they tried so little to be kind and they pretty much herded us through our meal. The items we ordered all fell short of their enticing descriptions (brie tater tots, kobe chili cheese dogs, and miso black cod). The cantaloupe mojito was tasty, but it fell short on the alcohol content.  I did like the atmosphere (it was warm and relaxing), but overall, if you go with moderate expectations you'll enjoy yourself.
3	Pretty good for what it is.Frankly, we filled up on all the gimmicky starters.  The bread included olive bread with a chive spread that was delicious.  We were in a junk food mood and ate a ton of the pigs in a blanket , tried the mini chili dogs (the equivalent to the sliders at sister restaurant Fix in the Bellagio), the onion rings, etc.  All tasty.  Oh!  They also have a roasted tomato soup served with miniature grilled cheese sandwiches.  MMMmmmm.The steaks were great, too.  I tried the Cowboy steak, which was delicious.Were were here, because we were going to see Cirque du Soleil's Love immediately afterwards, and it was a solid choice.
3	Really good Kobe Burger for $23.It'd better be good, right?Service was average. The waiter told me the sauvignon blanc by the glass came from Italy. Hmmm.... really? And....my second glass of wine sat dying up at the bar for at least 10 minutes (which by the way is an eternity when you're staring at it from your table!).The sashimi special of the day with tuna, cream cheese and cucumbers was very good.The place is pricey but convenient. I'd go back and hope for a different waiter.
4	My bf and I wandered off to this restaurant at the Mirage while we were waiting for the rest of our party to arrive in LV.  I ordered the mini kobe chilli cheese dogs while the bf ordered the kobe burger and the spiced hand cut fries.  All were very good.
3	STACK is the younger sibling of FIX at The Bellagio. Both are operated by the Light Group, which had previously been known for its lounges. The two restaurants are similar in food and style - trendy American best describes it.Like FIX, the menu concentrates on trendy or inventive variations of standard American fare. A specialty is Hot Rocks: thinly sliced raw sirloin, cooked table side on a hot rock. You can also get Kobe chili cheese dogs, or a more traditional steak or lobster.The atmosphere? It's noisy, dark, with candles and spot lights on tables, plus a few accent lights. Servers were dressed a little more conservatively than at FIX. Otherwise, they were similar: young, all in black.I had a Kobe burger, which comes with lettuce, tomato, pickle, and an onion ring, all on a bun. Tall is the theme at this place. It was decent. Fries are served on the side. I also tried the adult tater tots, which include mild brie and bacon flavors. Also decent.Based on one meal, I'd say you shouldn't come here for the food, but if you're here already, the food is better than you might expect at a trendy bar. It isn't as good as FIX, but it also isn't as expensive.
4	Food is interesting and priced fairly (by Vegas standards). The seasonal drink specials are pretty good. I really liked the Tamarind "Martini" (although I fuckin' HATE when people call something a Martini just because it has Vodka in it and they serve it in a cocktail glass - there was definitely NO Vermouth in the thing).The bartender was knowledgeable and proficient in her craft.
4	I have eaten here at least 20 times. Never, did I find it necessary to order an entree.The appetizers are the only way to eat here. Get your favorite six people, plop down over fun apps like chicken wings, mini Kobe chili cheese dogs, mini pigs in a blanket and mini crab cakes. If you are intent on ordering an entree, order the pasta with peas and ham. It is SO  yummy!!! Truffle cream sauce is always good right?Leave room for dessert, because you will have to order two. There is no exceptions people. Go to Stack and go often!!! The Light Group has done it right!!!
3	I think underwhelming is the best description for what Mirage seems to think is their finest dining option.  I did have a very enjoyable meal but for price, fair at best selection, and the attitude of the staff, it's certainly not a restaurant which I can imagine do especially well in this ultra-competitive culinary landscape.  I'd say the highlight was the decor and design.  I quite liked the  understated yet sharp nu-steakhouse modern look of Stack.  If only the rest of the meal could have been as sharp._C$
4	Was not going to write a review for this place then I thought why not.  It is not a life changing event but then again its hard to stand out in Vegas. Its OK if your in the neighborhood I had the sea bass on a bed of lobster risotto and it was a delicious
4	Grabbing a quick bite before The Danny Gans Show, a quick look at the menu brought us into STACK.  Without reservations and only part of our party ordering dinner, we were allowed to sit anywhere in the bar area.  This worked out well with a few large tables that sit about six that were available for everyone.The BF was starving and the Prix Fixe special (5 pm to 6 pm) was looking rather appetizing.  They offered two appetizers to choose from, and he went for the Hot Rocks ($17), which is advertised as "Thinly Sliced Sirloin, Tableside Preparation."  The waiter comes by with a plate of hot rocks, and then another plate of about six slices of marinated sirloin.  You're then supposed to place the meat on the hot rock for a few moments to cook it.  The meat tasted so good that we barely seared it as the meat was pretty flavorful on the rear end!Of the two entrees, he chose the 9 oz. Petite Filet Bone-Out ($40), medium rare.  It looked rather small when it arrived, which a single potato chip on top of it.  But we realized with its thickness, that it was actually a hearty piece.  It came with two sauces, both which were very tasty.Of the two dessert choices, he went for the highly recommended Jelly Doughnut "Munchkin" Holes...mmmmmm jelly ($8).  It came with about four doughnut holes filled with red jelly and a vanilla bean dipping sauce.  The BF would have loved it if the vanilla bean sauce was already inside the doughnut holes!Our friend and I decided to try drinks from their Cocktail Menu.  She went for the Impeared ($12), "Grey Goose Poire, Fresh Pear Nectar, Muddled Pear & Sage."  It was complimented with an Asian pear slice and was really tasty.  (She actually ordered it again, but the second one was stronger and not as sweet.)  I ordered the Bellini ($12), "Absolut Peach, Fresh White Peach Puree & Sparkling Wine."  Really good stuff!  It made me want to buy some of this stuff and make it at home all the time.  What a treat!  We shared the Mixed Greens Salad ($12), "Teardrop Tomatoes, Avocado, Shallot Vinaigrette."  When I told the waitress we were going to share it, I was surprised to see two plates of salad to arrive.  The waitress confirmed that it was indeed one order split in two.  What  a generous portion of salad!  We were all surprised and it was quite good too!  The salad was dressed perfectly, not too little and not too much. And the avocado, tomatoes, and cucumbers all complimented it so perfectly.  (If we had each ordered our own salad, I think we wouldn't have made it to dessert then!)For dessert, we also ordered the Mini Key Lime Pies ($8) with "Margarita" Sorbet.  However, our friend only saw the "sorbet" part and didn't even realize she ordered the pies!  It came with three miniature pies with a meringue topping that was pretty good.  The yummy sorbet sat on sweet pineapple bits that complimented the dessert perfectly!  The sweet crispy thing on top tasted great as well! Overall, we were pretty impressed with the food.  I have eaten at FIX over at The Bellagio, and recalled there were some memorable bites from their menu too.Service was pretty good. The waitresses were attentive and 'stacked.'  I think they were training a new waitress, so there was an extra set of hands available.  I would definitely return to STACK again, whether it's to enjoy a couple of their cocktails, grab a quick bite, or split a dessert.Sidenote: There's a yellow lighting issue at this restaurant, which makes everything you order look yellow.  After taking pictures of the food with a flash, then you can really see how great everything looks!  (And of course I posted the pics of the food in the business profile!)
4	I must say that before going to Stack, I read the reviews on Yelp and was slightly discouraged on my dinner choice. However, after the dining experience, I can say that either the people who have dined at Stack have it wrong, or maybe the staff have realized their faults and have worked to better the service.Having said that, I made reservations for 9:30pm. The reservationist politely informed me of the dress code (business casual) and that my reservation would be held for a maximum of 15 minutes if I didn't show up (standard.) We showed up at the restaurant fifteen minutes prior and waited a few moments in the lounge area while they set up our table. The seats they gave us were in the back corner, very private and it really set the mood for the evening--it made me feel like an important guest of the restaurant rather than just another Vegas visitor. I ordered the bone-in ribeye--which was amazing. The portion was huge, but it was so delicious. It came with a choice of two dipping sauces as well, but the steak was juicy enough on its own to where it didn't really need it. My girlfriend and I shared the spicy crab and rice appetizer (amazing--it's kind of like a spicy crab roll but the rice was deep fried-ish.) She also got the seared tuna with ponzu sauce as her entree, which was also very generous in portion.All in all, it was a great dining experience and I would definitely go back. It has the lounge atmosphere for those just wanting apps and the "dinner" atmosphere for those who are looking for something nice, but not nice to the point that you can't relax.
4	Pretty impressed with this place, but the service kept it from getting a fifth star.  Had the Sea Bass here and it was one of the best I had ever had.  A friend got this huge "stack" of different shellfish that we all shared and it was great too.  The service (drinks primarily) were really slow which is never good for the mood of a large party there for a birthday in Vegas.  I definitely like the food though
3	Like most places in Vegas, this place was a lot of flash and not a lot of substance.  But MAN there are attractive women at this place!  It's a little dark and it's pretty crowded, so you may have to wait awhile to get a seat.  We chilled at the bar for about 20 minutes before being seated.The 6 of us finally sat down and had to wait awhile before getting our orders taken.  I had the mini Kobe beef burger and the adult tater tots which were filled with bacon and brie.  The burger, sadly, was a bit dry and simply did not taste like kobe beef.  It was too juicy not unlike the way chuck is dripping with fat.  The tater tots were interesting, but they apparently weren't heated well enough as the brie inside was only partially melted.Nice ideas, poor execution.  If you must go here if you're waiting for something else, it won't be bad experience.  Just don't expect anything amazing.
3	3.5 stars is exactly what I would give this place.  This is basically Fix at the Bellagio with a smaller menu.  Its fine for what it is which is pretty looking, suped up bar food.  We opted to split the wings, tuna tacos and the surf and turf which was plenty.  This place is good for drinks with a group but I would much rather go to Fix.
4	I loved the decor, the bar, the sweet bartenders (most of whom exemplified the name of the place if you know what I mean), and even though they got my order wrong at first, they fixed it quickly and petite filet was melt-in-your-mouth.  The hand cut fries were popular in our group, as were the miso black cod lettuce cups. Wine list was no more overpriced than everywhere else in Vegas. Fun enough for a birthday party (of which there were three when we were there) and austere enough for a client dinner.
4	Aside from the terrible coffee, everything else was pretty decent.  The manager hooked me up with a seat on new years eve.  I saw Kid Rock there -- I think he was scheduled to hang at Jet that night.
2	i was dissapointed when we first sat down at our table and found the menu online was not the same as the current menu.  in addition to several of the seafood items being cut there was only one pasta on the menu instead of two which gave my vegetarian friend almost no options.  the caesar salad is not worth ordering and the side of mashed potatoes were so-so, not very flavorful.  i really liked the kobe burger but that was about the only good thing about the place.  our food came out in about 8 minutes and we felt rushed through the whole meal.
4	Tiny portions, wonderfully prepared.The Hot Rocks is thinly sliced sirloin marinated in tangy soy and sesame oil sauce and arranged raw on a place. A heated rock is brought in a steam rack and the meat is cooked briskly on the sizzling surface. It was delicious, however 6 slivers of beef isn't going to cut it for an entree. I had to order a second serving.The tator tot side dish was $10 for 6 tots. Practically robbery! The lamb shank was the only offering that looked hearty and filling, however the portions compensate for the lack in flavor. I'd rather eat 2 bites of heaven than scarf down a plate full of crap. Food was good, but here is my only complaint: when I drop $150 for a 2person dinner I expect to be happy and sluggish, not longing for a snack 30 mins later. And we ordered like kings: 2 servings of Hot Rocks, side of spinach, whipped potatoes and tator tots, cream of tomato soup with mini grilled cheese sandwiches, lamb shank, and tuna fish tacos. How can that not be enough food!?
4	We walked in for an appetizer dinner in the bar area and only had to hover for a spot for a few minutes.  The place was fairly busy with the usual Saturday night crowd.  Some conventioneers, some groups of chicks and guys, you know, the norm....I think i was kind of buzzed after cruising around with my yardarita all day, so i can't remember everything we ordered.  My favorite was the thinly sliced strips of meat perfectly marinated and brought to the table raw.  Accompanying the raw meat was a super hot rock that you cooked the pieces on yourself.  De-lish!  Granted, for the long night and many drinks we had and were about to have, we probably should've eaten more and had a real dinner instead of small plates, but ce la vie!
2	Pretty cool atmosphere.  food was a 7.  My sea bass was decent, but, though sober, I can barely remember eating it, a sign of the averageness of the food.  Service was good.The fact that I'm in the wine business leads to this bitch: no burgundy glasses.  That's right, an upscale place that doesn't have the correct glassware for Pinot Noir.  Just a giant frickin minus right there.  Even a mid tier restaurant in Seattle has got that covered.  The sommelier was apologetic, as she apparently has been banging the drum to the manager to get some ordered.  I might have to drop an email......
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. If I weren't staying at The Mirage, I probably would have never sought this place out, but alas, we decided to check it out. For whatever reason, I thought it was a sports bar, but when I actually walked into the dining area, I realized how beautiful the atmosphere is.The food was solid. We got a bunch of apps - yellow tail with jalapeno, the thinly sliced beef with hot rock, crispy calamari, crab cakes, and miso black cod lettuce cups. Each dish was delicious. I could have used bigger portions, but all in all, each dish was very flavorful and stood out in its own right. Service was only so-so.
5	We had a jam packed weekend of fine dining in Vegas (also ate at Daniel Bouloud and Enoteca San Marco), but enjoyed our food here the best!  We were really surprised and had no expectations that it would be this good.The ambiance is very hip, trendy, bar-like with loud music and very dark lighting (we needed a flashlight to read our menus).  Everything we had was great, especially the Hot Rocks appetizer (a must-do!), Filet Mignon, and Penne pasta.If you go between 5-6pm, you can order the pre-theater prix-fixe menu, which at $45 for three courses is a great deal. Best of all, they don't limit you to the non-exciting parts of the menu as happens with many special prix-fix deals.  Instead everything we wanted to order was actually an option (including what is listed above.)Service was friendly and fast, allowing for a nice meal before seeing the Cirque show, Love.
4	We originally had reservations for 8pm but had to change it last minute because we were running late - and they still had our table on time...which is always a GOOD thing.  We had a pre-set menu because we were part of the "bachelorette program" and although I was feeling the effects of partying so hard the night before and during the day, I thought the food was really good!  They gave us a 3 course meal and I loved the miso sea bass lettuce cups (appetizer).  The filet was decent - a little dry but maybe because I asked for medium well and the desserts were yummy.  The service was REALLY GOOD and I'd definitely come here again to have dinner!
4	The last time I was there was 2005. I don't eat beef and I'm at a steak house. But, let me tell you the Lamb Shank with the Lentils and Watercress was a delight! Oh, and please do start with the Crunchy Tuna Tacos. I missed Vegas! Service was great we had a party of 12. Those guys are PRO!
5	Every single hotel in Las Vegas has a steakhouse that they tell you is the best one in Las Vegas.  Somebody has to be wrong.Luckily, Mirage is not wrong.  Their steaks are all so tender that there's really no need to even order the Filet, you can order any of the cuts and get more flavor and the same tenderness.  The decor is steakhouse-ish, with it's low lights and dark tones, but the crowd is lively, they have an excellent bar, and the music keeps things pumping.  It's also got one wall open to the casino that allows the crowd outside to add to the vibe.The appetizers give you some balance to all that protein and you won't find a better appetizer in any restaurant than their Crunchy Tuna Tacos.  If you want some post-Stack entertainment, you can always go to the side bar near registration and hang out with the hookers.  Great steaks and free entertainment!
4	My girls and I came to Stack during Memorial Day 2007. I booked the table only a few weeks in advance and still got 8 people seated at a reasonable dinner hour. First of all, Stack looks amazing. It's one of the best looking and feeling restaurants I've been to, any where. It's sexy and modern, but not in the typical cheesy Vegas way. It had a really fun vibe, too - no one was obnoxious or pretentious. The attentive waiters and servers are all a sight for sore eyes, too. Hehe. The food was above average (nothing mind blowing), but the drinks were great. The price was reasonable. I would definitely recommend Stack to a large party of girls looking for a fun place to begin a night of flirting, dancing, and ... you know the rest :D
3	If you happen to have superhuman mutant night vision and an affinity for good steaks, then this is the place for you.  My filet mignon was DELISH, problem was I couldn't see it.  The place was completely dark save for a few candles and by the end of my spring mix salad (which was fresh and yummy), I was secretly wishing for a Paris Hilton cam just so I would be able to see what I was eating.  Additionally they crank up the music so loud you have to basically shout at your dinner companions.  The food was good - the steak sauces that came with the filet were amazing and the seabass was fresh and tasty and perfect.  The presentation of the food, what I saw of it at least - assisted with cell phone lighting, was pretty.There were some damn fine waiters walking around, but the service SUCKED.  This place operates similar to a club, where all attention is directed to the cash money millionaires and the wads of paper flowing out of their Prada suits - homeboy at the adjacent table was practically having his feet licked by the wait staff.  Our waiter disappeared after our food was served and a busser served us dessert without spoons which took a good 10 minutes for them to correct, and by that time the ice cream had melted.STACK: very trendy place with great food and sucky service.
5	Went to Stack after seeing the Cirque de Soeil LOVE show and had a great time here! We had no reservation, but only waited a few minutes for a table in this semi-crowded resturant.Our server recommended our appetizer which was AWESOME. It was a spicy, salmon something or other, served with chopsticks. Dont' really remember the name, but ask for it and you will LOVE it!I got the surf and turf- the steak was cooked to perfection and had a ton of flavor. My lobster tail was super fresh and meaty. Served on a bed of garlic spinach; needless to say I was in heaven. It may have been all the booze that put me into a near coma, but this place is definitely a hidden gem of Vegas.Service was awesome, food was awesome, so clearly the restaurant is overall: awesome. Don't miss it!
5	The inside is sleek and modern with dim lighting.  The service was fantastic.  We had multiple servers that were on the ball with everything.  The food was great. We got the pre-fixe meal.  By the time my 9 oz filet mignon came out I was full since there were so many yummy appetizers.  The lobster tacos were my fav!  The munckin donuts for dessert was great.  The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the little brownie ice cream sandwiches.  The ice cream was banana flavored - ew.  Vanilla would've been better.  That was minor because the rest of the meal was so memorable!  I definitely recommend the pre fixe for $55.  Early bird pre fixe is $45!
2	This restaurant was sorely disappointing on all levels.  Actually, wait, I didn't anticipate much walking in here so I guess my expectations were met.  Stack was one of those overpriced, trendy joints that you can find throughout hot spot cities.Without reservations at 10pm, we were subjected to a 20-minute wait, which allowed us some time at the tables.  Of course, we waited a little more when we returned and by that time I was starving.  When they seated us, there were no complimentary bread baskets.  Negative points.I didn't want to spend a lot of money on the entrees so I got a roasted tomato soup and pigs in a blanket.  The soup came with a side of mini grilled cheese sandwiches, which, I'm sad to report, were the best parts of my meal.  The cheese was mild and the crust was taken off, which was fine by me.  I wish they used a different cheese though.  The soup itself was very acidic and a much bigger portion than I had expected.  The pigs in a blanket were 11 small bites served in a bowl with ketchup and mustard on the side.  They were extremely salty and I could have very easily done without this dish.I don't mind spending two hours or more for dinner -- if it were some Michelin-star restaurant, which definitely wasn't the case at Stack.  Our waitress was insufferably slow and didn't seem too concerned about our table.   Take your money elsewhere.
5	Came here when I was in Vegas because it was in the lobby of our hotel and we were FAMISHED. Got a few martinis, super tasty, and ordered food. My dining companion ordered some chicken dish, which was okay. If we'd just had that, I would have rated this place a 3.But I, on the other hand, had a burger. Everyone who worked in the restaurant who caught wind that I had ordered a burger felt the need to say that it was the best burger EVER. I mean, this burger was super hyped up for me since all the wait staff who came by told me it was amazing and fabulous. I thought, what could be so great about a burger?And then I had it. And I know. I know what can be so great about a burger. I think it was about $25, but it was worth every penny. To this day, I compare every burger I eat to this burger. That is not even an exaggeration. There are good burgers elsewhere, don't get me wrong, but this is maybe the best burger in the world. I'm just throwing that out there. If you come here, get the burger so you too can know what the best burger in the world (that I've tasted) tastes like.
4	Ate on the night of the 5th of Sept.  The whole city was quite as being the middle of the week after labor day.  We got there at 9pm and they made us wait 5 mins - they were probably  expecting us that we order drinks first before they showed us our table in the half empty restaurant.  I looked at the menu and yes being that it is dark, I had to put the candle in  front of my menu to read.  I was not interested with anything on the menu because I am not a seafood or steak eater.  Yes, they had lamb and chicken on the menu but neither of them sounded good.  Started with the rock - 6 thinly sliced sirlon on a hot rock.  okay, we were very  hungry at this point. The thinly slice is correct as we were told to put the meat for 3-5 secs for medium.   I ended up with a Kobe burger well done and Tater tots.  FYI - the burger comes with fries as this was not mentioned in the menu so in my case I ended up with fries and tater tots.   The girl had chicken with a side order of onion rings.  We were both afraid that our meals will disappoint us as what we ordered shouldn't be $40 per person.   Boy we were wrong.  My Kobe burger was the best I have eaten and do not bother to bite the burger with your hands. Use the fork as it was quite tall.   The tater tots with cheese was really good - I mean first time ever feeling good.   Her chicken plate was also very good as the meat was cooked to perfection for her.  The onion rings were a tad over cooked and the skin of the onion was difficult to chew -overcooked? We were stuffed that we did not order dessert.  Our bill came to $114 with drinks (non alcohol). A bit on the high side, but we felt it was worth it.  The atmosphere though dark felt earthy with a modern trendy touch.  Service was excellent as we had two servers and they were making sure we were taken care of.  The two hosts were very professional and greeted us when we entered and exited.
4	Here is my breakdown:  GF and I show up at 9:30pm on a Friday starved, slightly intoxicated, and ready for a fun time - and boy did Stack deliver....after getting over our "wow this is just Fix in Bellagio only with a different name," conversation, we decided to order.The hot rocks with sliced beef - wow, LOVED this - I would eat the meat raw if they didn't bring the hot rocks (and those were a wonderful interactive touch).  Crabcake blt's - bring them on bc those little suckers were delicious!  Tiny potatoes stuffed with goat cheese, wow I never knew I loved carbs this much!Add hot waitresses in little leather numbers, no line, and no pretentiousness, and I am a happy camper...Will return...Soon!
4	Took my husband to see Danny Gans so we ate here before the show. They have a special so we ate from the prix fixe menu. You will not be disappointed. I love the interior. It is one of the more original restaurants I've been to. The slide show says it all.  I strongly suggest making a reservation. I loved walking up and saying, "We have a reservation." and then turning to the plastically enhanced, over tanned woman and her husband and giving a fake smile with turned up brows like "I can't believe you have to wait, poor baby. Ta ta." This is Phil's favorite spot in Vegas so Stacks will be our special place every time we visit.
4	Stack has an amazing interior... a little too dark in my opinion, but still gives one the feeling of eating in an huge cave of some type.  The service was okay I thought... a couple of the people in my party didn't like the waiter but I thought he was fine.  The food portions are pretty tiny, but I still didn't leave feeling hungry at all.  The filet was perfectly cooked and had an excellent flavor, as did the sea bass.  Expensive, just like everywhere in Vegas, but it at least has some options that are somewhat affordable.
4	While on vacation with my extended family, my sister and I became fed up with $25 slop buffets at Orleans and 6.99 eggs that tasted largely like, um, well, nothing.  So we spared my aunt and uncle the expense of taking us out to another meal that we probably wouldn't like and went to STACK instead.STACK is a pretty strange place.  Not what you'd expect from the typical Vegas steakhouse.  The atmosphere is dark, very dark.  Interior design is modern and warm.  And the music.... oh the music.  Where else can you get a gigantic steak while listening to Prince and the Revolution (yeah, that's right, old school).  STACK is like a dance party waiting to happen, except you likely won't be able to move after you're done eating.I'm a ribeye fan.  And let me tell you that the cowboy cut here was absolutely perfect.  Not only was it enormous (24 oz), but cooked to perfection.  And seasoned with little more than salt and pepper.My sister ordered the kobe burger, and it too was amazing (I couldn't pass up a bite of a burger.... come on).  But the single best thing we ate was the 'adult tator tots' stuffed with brie and bacon.  Perfect cylindrical potato morsels that just melt in your mouth.If you're looking for a fun menu that doesn't go too over the edge, this is your place.  Unfortunately, like most Vegas restaurants, you can expect to pay for the quality.
4	came here for a group dinner, and all the courses were pre-ordered.  the waiter was kind to bring out a vegetarian appetizer being all the appetizers were meat oriented.i had the truffled pasta dish sans pancetta, and it was rich and delectable.  the rest of the party enjoyed their entrees, and loved the appetizers.  the staff is on point and seriously attentive.  one of the gals dropped her utensil, and in a blink of an eye a server was there to replace it.
1	I felt robbed after I ate here.  The steaks were extremely overpriced. This is a real tourist trap.  They charge about double, or more the fair value of the items here.  I was terribly disappointed.   The steaks were sub par, and priced nearly $50 as I remember.   There are MUCH better places to blow your money than going here.  If you want to gamble, don't gamble by eating here.. Bet on Black, and eat at McDonald's.. You'll thank me later.The service was incredibly bad as well.. Slow.. slow slow!  It was loud and cramped in here as well.The high ratings surprise me.. I expected 2 or 2.5 consensus maybe at best here. I'd much rather go to CUT and spend a little more for consistently good steak than go here.
3	I went here with some HS friends on a Saturday night. It was around 7:30pm and it wasn't busy at all! But it got busy around 8:30pm. I guess the party tends to follow us. =PThey don't call this place STACKS for nothing. Upon arriving, the host/greeter was "stacked" if you know what I mean. *wink wink*. All the guys in my group couldn't stop staring at the girl. In any case, some of us ordered steak, some of us ordered a burger. We also got adult tater tots that were pretty good. The steak was pretty good too.  I found the french fries to be quite salty and somewhat spicy.  The food was good but I didn't think it was the best I've ever had. The service was very good though. Very dim atmospherebut in a good, cool, and romantic type of way.For me, the best thing I had that night was the Cherry Creme Brulee! YUUUUUMMMMMY!!! It was so delicious!!
3	I live in San Francisco and even I think this place is overpriced!  I understand Vegas is moving up in their culinary reputation but seriously Stack, this is uncalled for.  I went to dinner here right before seeing the Beatles' LOVE show (which I will review later) and managed to get seated sans a reservation on a busy Saturday night (I was here for CES but the Adult Entertainment Conference was also in town).  First impressions are very big to me when it comes to my first dining experience and so I was glad to be greeted by some smokin' hot waitresses.  Usually a sign of something exciting, though sometimes a sign that they're trying to compensate for something.  But I'm all about giving restaurants the benefit of the doubt.The ambiance is super trendy, which also equals very loud!  I felt like I was in a club!  Not to mention, it was so dark in there I could hardly read the menus and you get seated so close to the table next to you, it's almost a requirement that you make new friends.  The food was alright but according to my price-to-tastiness ratio, this place gets a C.   I had the house special risotto with black truffles which was actually an appetizer but came in an itty bitty bowl - very simple but way too greasy for my taste.  My coworker had a few of their American style appetizers (tater tots, etc) which were, not surprisingly, mediocre.  The service, on the other hand, was excellent - everything I'd expect from a nice restaurant - the waiters were very attentive without making us feel rushed, the napkins were always folded when we left, and the bathroom attendant was adorably nice!  Even though I didn't pay, the price-to-tastiness ratio weighs heavily on my stars and stacked up to the rest, three stars is all I can give you.
5	I have eaten here numerous times, and the food and service is fantastic, consistently. Start with the Hot Rocks as an appetizer. You will get several thinly sliced pieces of meat, marinated in a DELCIOUS sauce. You are served a scorching hot rock in a basket, and you cook this little mini-steaks yourself. Delectable. The Miso Black Cod Lettuce cups are crisp and refreshing, and the Japanese Spicy Crab are to die for! Little cubes of flavorful spicy crab are served on a crispy rice-crouton square, served with a pleasantly spicy/tangy sauce. If lobster is your thing, the Lobster Taco's are amazing.I have ordered the Petit Filet three times so far. Always tender, served with two of their signature steak sauces. So. Good.  As an entree choice. they also serve a delicious Penne dish with parmesan, proscuitto and black truffle. SO decadent and satisfying. More than enough to share with a pal.Try the Seabass in Lobster Risotto. Ohmygoodness. That's all I can say. One of the most amazing seabass dishes I have ever been served. As a side, I have tried the XL Twice Baked potato. SPLIT THIS with someone, it is much too much for one person. Seriously. The Sautteed Spinach is also quiet delicious.Dessert:You can't leave with out trying the Jelly Doughnut "Munchkins". Warm jelly filled doughnut holes with a creamy sweet dipping sauce. Trust me, you will want to rub these all over your body. The warm chocolate cake is very good, as well as the cherry creme brulee.
2	The owners of light group put together this restaurant in the Mirage and it's almost an identical menu as FIX in the Bellagio. Dinner for 4, 3 cocktails, 3 appetizers, 3 salads, 4 entrees, 2 sides, 2 deserts. $460.The waiter suggested I try the Kurabota pork chop. I am a pork snob and I'm obsessed with anything pig. Besides, us Hawaii folks know how to cook up some delicous pork. It tasted like a normal pork chop, that I would've prepared on the grill at the beach. My friend had the surf and turf. That was delicious and my other half had the sea bass with lobster risotto. I'd give that a thumbs down. I didn't particularly care for the risotto swimming in lobster broth. Don't order  the calamari, you can get better calamari at some local dive bar. The popcorn shrimp was alright. The miso cod lettuce wraps were also okay. I loved the truffle fries and the chili cheese fries. I don't get what the big deal is with the jelly stuffed donut holes and the chocolate souflet was a disappointment. Way over priced for small portions and limited imagination.
5	went in summer of '07, all american favorites in a hip setting, remember the food being spectacular, however that was almost 2 years ago!
4	I absolutely LOVED this place, yes it's expensive but I knew that going in and it was definitely worth it. This place is perfect for me because rarely can I find an awesome seafood dish at the same price as the steak, seems silly but when the guy is paying and he orders a steak I don't want to order something way more expensive, any hooo! My point, it was one of the 3 best meals I have ever had! The lobster was PERFECT and was huge! The mash potatos were delish!!! and I normally don't even like them. Great wine and everything is worth the price. We had a huge group which Im sure was annoying but everyone was nice and helpful, BIG PLUSAHHH I am starving now!
4	Way overpriced, but my review isn't for that.  GO HAVE THE KOBE BEEF CHILI CHEESE FRIES.  Do it NOW.  I want more.  Dinner menu looked tiny, so probably better for cocktails.
3	It's times like these when I really wish Yelp had half stars. Stack was 3.5 stars but I have to round down to 3 because I really wanted to like it more. I had been wanting to try Stack for awhile now, so this most recent trip to Vegas seemed like a good time, especially with a $29.99 prix fixe menu available. The restaurant is dark and spacious and just gives off a cool vibe. My husband did the three course prix fixe and I just ordered off the regular menu. We tried:Crispy calamari - way too salty, but the dipping sauces were really goodStrip Iron Steak with Whipped Potatoes - my husband thought it was good, but not amazing. BLT Salad - not watery at all which made me happy because most wedge salads I have had have the tendency to be watery. It was a nice size and was tasty.Adult Tater Tots - we wished they had more of a brie flavor and were a bit disappointed because we thought this side dish was going to be betterCreme Brulee - it was good, but not the bestThe food was 3 stars, but our service was five star. Our waiter was so nice and when he gave us the wrong prix fixe menu to start - he gave us the $45 pre-theatre prix fixe - he corrected his mistake when he realized we wanted the $29.99 one. He was attentive and it was such a nice touch when he had a dessert made for me for free so my husband wouldn't eat alone. Our dinner was $72 before tip, which we didn't think was bad at all. Until Yelp gets half stars, I'm giving Stack three stars.
2	Suffice it to say that it was some of the worst service I've had at a nice restaurant.  I'm guessing they don't care because it's a one time tourist kind of place, BUT, I definately wouldn't go back.  It's sad too because the place is really gorgeous and the food was good, not incredible, but good and substantial.  The attitude thrown by some of the service staff, especially one named Jeff was unbelievable.  I find it funny that someone who is serving me is throwing 'tude.  Either that or the guy is just dummer than my pet rock.  One of the other servers was nice enough, but they work in "teams" as they call it so it's someone different every step of the way and you keep having to remind them of what you ordered, what special request you had, that you have a open bottle of wine that you'd really like to drink but they took somewhere, etc. etc. etc. That said, there are so many nice places in Vegas to dine, I'd skip this one.....NEXT!
4	Really a fan of this restaurant!  Went there becase of their $29,99 prix fixe menu and sooo worth it. I had their Blue Cheese salad, strip steak with yummy mashed potatoes and creme bruele.  Not dissapointed at all.  Drinks looked yummy but had enough drinks b/c we were in Vegas.Restaurant staff was great and decor was trendy and loved it.  Can't complain at all, and you should definitely stop by for a bite if you're in Vegas.
3	If you have been to FIX then you have been to STACK . Same culinary style and decor. The food is good here it's just that I think they put more emphasis on their image as a social venue. I want to dine in a restaurant not hang out.
3	There were so many good things on the menu we ordered about 5 for the table and shared.  The adult tater tots were "Ok" ... was expecting more cheese.  Lettuce Cups "Ok" ... more flavor at CPK.  And would have like a heads up that our servers changed in the duration of our meal.  HOWEVER, def. order the pigs in a blanket (yes, really),  Prosciutto, Truffle-Parmesan Pasta was just as rich as it sounds. And a friend really enjoyed the lamb dinner.  If we had room, we would have ordered more and dessert!  Nice ambiance.  Good for large groups, small or couples.
4	Stayed at the Mirage and found ourselves too lazy to go anywhere else and found a nice surprise in the house restaurant.  The prices were expected for the type of food we were getting and the service was very helpful and friendly for a weekday night.  I had the bone-in filet while my girl had the surf and turf.  We got  the crispy fires and the adult tater tots as sides with the molten chocolate cake as desert. The steaks were delicious and I don't think anyone could ever mess up fresh lobster. The sides were inventive and tasty.  I enjoyed my tater tots with white truffle sauce meant for the fries.  The sides accompanied our meals very well and the food came out in a refreshing amount of time.  The ambiance and music selections brought a smile to our faces and the wait staff was always beaming whenever we encountered them.I would like to try their dinner for two if I find myself back in the Mirage again.
4	I visited Stack as part of a 10 person party during a recent vacation in Vegas. We went late, after the early showing of "Love" (highly, highly recommended, BTW). They got off to a good start when a request for an extra spicy bloody mary with no celery delivered in solid fashion. Then, we had appetizers for the table:Hot rock beef: Quite nice, thinly sliced and great with a cooking time of, oh, about 1.5 seconds per side :) Yellowtail sashimi: Fresh taste but not up to par with a top sushi restaurant. Chili cheese fries: An upscale twist on an everyday dish. The chili was fantastic; a bowl of it would make a great meal. Adult tater tots: Very large tots stuffed with bleu cheese (I believe); very, very tasty and generous portion. A little shy on cheese, though, as someone else noted. Lobster tacos: Tasty and full of tender lobster, but a but small. Pigs in a blanket: Interesting shape, but not otherwise remarkableFor my entree, I chose the bone-out sirloin, medium rare. It was cooked to perfection, very flavorful and juicy. A definite winner. My wife and step-daughter had the surf and turf which looked small on the plate, but was huge on taste and tummy-filling satisfaction. Finally, the jelly filled donut holes for dessert were plentiful and heavenly in taste and texture. Since nobody in our party drank more than one drink and we shared a lot, we just split the bill ten ways. The total per person, including tip and tax, was $90. I commented at the time that a similar meal back in Dallas, outside of the luxury hotel markup, would have probably cost $75-80, so not a bad premium. Please be advised that I'm pretty stingy on the five star ratings; this particular restaurant missed it because of some of the appetizers, limited menu and lack of an absolutely killer entree among the ones we ordered.
5	Stack was one of the most accommodating restaurants I have ever been to. There were seven of us and it was my bachelor party. We weren't obnoxious but there were still seven raging animals sitting at one table, drinking, reminiscing, and joneing on each other. Most wait staffs and restaurants would be pissed or hostile but stack and it's patrons were really understanding and played a long with us. We ran up a monster tab but who cares... I didn't pay :-)I think half of us got the surf and turf which is highly recommended. The menu is limited so I think we ordered mostly everything on it. Everything was delicous. One of my buddies almost took his pants off it was so good.We didn't plan to go here until the very last minute and I am glad that we did. I will definitely go back.
4	I've been to Stack so many times I've lost count.  While most Las Vegas restaurants are very poor imitations of the originals, Stack is consistently good.  They've also held their prices unlike other Vegas establishments that think for some reason they should charge more for a meal/drink, etc. out in the middle of the desert vs. LA, NYC, London.  Ok, enough of my dislike for Vegas (I'm so glad the economy has cut the arrogant developers, hoteliers, etc. down to size, and I pitty the fools that thought that real estate in that God forsaken place would EVER be worth anything).Every time I go to Stack I get the "pigs in a blanket", they are addictive.  I also LOVE the grilled cheese and tomato soup appetizer.  The steaks and sea bass are excellent, and make sure you get the "adult tater tots" as a side :) .
4	12 guys and a table of straight up man food.Not saying that women would not enjoy their time and the food here as well.  I'm just saying that if you're a dude, and you enjoy typical dude food with hot hostesses/bar wenches, this place will rock your world.The aforementioned hot hostess spotted our bachelor party from a mile away and the customer service began.  She sexily seduced (okay, she goaded us) into taking jager shots with her.  She had one of my boys wrapped around her little finger just by saying he's the cutest one out of us (he's so not).  Because of that, he went back to the bar and bought drinks from her TWICE throughout out meal.  Chumps you say?  Maybe.  But it was FUN.I must admit that I had VERY low expectations from this place.  I mean, it's not celebrity chef endorsed, never seen it on any Food Channel or Travel Channel shows, never even HEARD of this place until we decided to eat here.  Stack blew my expectations out of the water!Food:  30oz steak advertised in front for $60 for 2 people.  Some of us got that.  Some of us (ok, me) got the 24oz cowboy steak which was just a smaller version of the special.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  The two types of sauces (peppercorn and red wine) was insanely flavorful.  Adult tater tots were good.  But the highlight for me was the kobe chili that came with the chili cheese fries.  I think I must have had half of that by myself.  One guy got the sea bass and risotto dish and loved it.  Everyone else got meat and enjoyed it.Service during dinner was prompt and polite.  Everything came together (as it should) and piping hot.  And since they are owned by the same people, our waiter brought us line passes and VIP entry cards to Jet, the club at Mirage.  Overall, the food was classic with modern twist done right, service impeccable, and priced decently for what you get.
4	Me n the my girl had some time to kill before i flight left, and i remembered reading about the kobe burger here. We went right when it opened and sat at the bar. I ordered the kobe burger, and she ordered the chili fries which were actually really good. Get a glass of chimay with the burger.
3	We had less than an hour before a show in the Mirage Casino and wanted to eat quick. There are no places anywhere in that casino where you can eat for less than $30 a plate, Stack included. Food was good and fresh nevertheless and our server was quick and attentive.If you have time, do a research here or on TripAdvisor and select a restaurant with a better price/quality ratio.
4	stack is one of the all around best restaurants in LV. just  great menu awesome food and amazing service. when we arrived we were sat right away. i was dehydrated from hours of drinking and every second i turned around my water glass was filled. we all had the same thing tomato soup with little grilled cheese sandwiches and the surf and turf. the soup was very very good not to salty which most places tend to do. the surf and turf is the perfect size. some might say the lobster tail was small but to me it was perfect especially for the price. Stack is one of the restaurants i try to visit every time i go to Vegas.
2	I had the Kobe beef burger.  Very good and tasty.  Perhaps the best burger I had in a while.  Wife had the brooklyn fliet w/bone that was well made that came with two sauces.   As expected, this steakhouse is expensive, like most Vegas places but I left feeling ripped off.   Side dishes are extra on top of a $46 steak.  They serve you no bread while you wait.  The food was good but we only got two dishes and one drink and it was over $100.  If it wern't for that I'd give this place 4, maybe 5 stars.  I digg the atmosphere they created and the music is loud if that bothers you.  I probably won't come back until they at least add one sidedish included with your dinner and some dinner bread.
5	My favorite place for steak in Las Vegas. That is a big statement and every time I visit Stack I don't change my mind. (I would give 6 stars if they had the Kobe special every day). The rating is for the food and decor (which to me feels like the inside of a beehive). The wait staff on the other hand is just average. Typical Las Vegas attitudes. But I do need them to bring me my amazing food from the kitchen. ;)The steaks are great, cooked to perfection everytime. I also love their unique selection of appetizers from Chicken Parm Sticks to Hot Stone beef. Fun and tasty stuff for everyone.
4	I think Stack and Fix have very similar menus, and my dining experiences were very similar at both restaurants. Both restaurants have that dark yellow, almost orange glow to them. I do like the decor of both as well. We had a 9:00pm reservation, and the restaurant seemed about half full. For appetizers, we shared the miso cod lettuce cups and the lobster tacos. The lobster tacos were so cute...I almost didn't want to eat them, but I soon got over that! I got the kurbota pork chop and hubby got a steak. The pork chop was amazing! My husband thought the same as well. The adult tater tots were also very good. To end our evening we had the jelly doughnut munchin holes, and boy were these so good! I wasn't even hungry and I kept eating until they were all gone! I will up my rating to 4.5 stars because the food was spectacular and hit the spot!
4	On my annual birthday trip to Las Vegas, my family came here for dinner. It was also LV Restaurant Week so most of us decided to do the special menu.Hubby got the Hot Rocks appetizer, which are thin slices of beef that you cook at the table on a hot stone. It was fun to watch hubby try to cook with chop sticks! Regardless, he seemed to love it. My dad and I both got the Buffalo Rock Shrimp. They were breaded shrimp with buffalo sauce and blue cheese dip. I love all things buffalo so I gobbled them up!For dinner, hubby got lamb with potato gnocchi, mom got sea bass, and dad and I got short ribs with polenta. My short ribs were tender and delicious. The polenta was also delicious. Mom's sea bass was HUGE- she gave me a bite and it was perfectly cooked. The smartest person in our party, though, was hubby. His lamb was falling off of the bone and the gnocchi was amazing. His dish also had tons of mushrooms in it, which I LOVE. I was definitely jealous of hubby's dinner!For dessert, we had peanut butter and jelly chipwiches. They were peanut butter cookie ice cream sandwiches with peanut butter chips, jelly sauce, and chocolate sauce. I would eat these every day if possible!The ambience is really cool, although the music was a little too loud for my parents. The lighting is low and the interior is really "loungy." There are lots of really beautiful people both eating and working at Stack!I will go back to Stack the next time I'm in Vegas- and I hope that's sooner than later!
5	I've been to many steakhouses in Vegas and this is one of the best...Discovered it by waiting for "Love" show.  You must try their steak. The one I recommend is their Magnum 44 oz. porterhouse to share with someone.  Try it medium rare. It is so tender, and such a great cut, that we had leftovers and I never like taking leftovers. We ate the rest in the morning to cure the hangover and it was just as good. That's when you know you have quality beef...when you can eat it hours later and it's still as tender when served. Comes with potato gratin which is awesome but like other reviewers you must try the pigs in a blanket appetizer, or if you don't want an appetizer, go for the jelly filled donuts for dessert.  As for the price, you expect to pay more...it's Vegas you don't come here to save!!!!
4	My boyfriend and I went here before a show. It was more on a whim to go eat at Stack. My boyfriend had eaten there before and said great things about them.  The music playing was very hip, but the sound system felt like I was at a club. It wasn't as bad since we were seated closer to the entrance area.  We were quickly seated and requested: 1) Hot Rocks (thin slices of steak cooked on heated rocks)2) Caesar Salad 3) Cowboy steak (with a single potato chip)4) Twice baked potatoes3) Sea BassThe taste and presentation was great. Hot Rocks came first and then the Caesar Salad. These two items are pricey for what they are. Don't get me wrong, they were great to try, but I don't believe they were worth 30$. At the time we ate here, I was more of a fish fan, so I was not sure how that would go since it's more known for the steak. My Sea Bass was wonderful! Probably top three sea bass entrees I have had. When brought out, it was in some kind of soup/ broth. I don't usually finish my meals, and I was able to finish this one. My boyfriend's cowboy steak tasted great. I was able to try some, and it was very juicy. We also ordered a bottle of wine, which was excellent with the steak. Servers were extremely attentive and very friendly. But don't go there during playoffs (both for basketball and football). They won't be AS attentive. I would recommend to dress a little more chic (i.e. going out to a club).I felt that there was something missing though. It might have been the fact that it was a bit loud as far as atmosphere
2	As apart of the lightgroup, I had pretty high expectations for this restaurant and as such, I left pretty disappointed in my meal.  So much, that I can't really recommend going back there to any of my friends.  There is nothing that really differentiates it from all of the other restaurants on the strip.  After each of my meals, I left thinking, ehh, this is it.  Where is the flavor and the quality of food?  We didn't order any of the steak (so take it with a grain of salt if thats what you are looking for).What we ordered:BLT saladSesame chicken lettuce cupsSeabassLamb shankTater totsPros:I was attracted to this restaurant in what appeared to be an innovative menu.  The creativity that is shown really excited me about the potential food I was going to get.Cons:The food isn't bad.  It is food, and I did eat it.  However, its not anything to write home.  I really wanted it to taste better.  I had spent well over 3 hours researching restaurants, locations, and menus and I wanted this to work.  I guess I had too high of expectations for this to live up to.  Unfortunately, I won't be coming back and I won't be recommending it to anyone else that visits.  It left me wanting more for what I paid and in a place like Vegas, there are so many other things I could be doing or enjoying that this isn't going to cut it.
3	Came to Stack for dinner with a bunch of friends.  Stack is an upscale New American/Steakhouse restaurant located inside the MGM.  The two things I've noticed right off the back is that Stack is very stylish and also very dark.  Everyone at our table was complaining about how dark the place Stack is. We didn't have reservations but was still able to walk in on a Saturday Night at 8PM.  As mentioned before Stack is New American Cuisine with several steak options too.  Soe we are talking about Kobe Beef Burgers, Lobster Tacos, Steak Fries with Truffles, and Tater tots with Brie and bacon and the prices here reflect the high end items too.  Prices start at around $15 for most of their menu options and if you're looking for a steak here they start at $40.  Also, everything here is served ala carte, so you're going to have to pay extra for sides. Looking over the menu decided to get Grilled Meatball Pizza and other people got the Pork Chops, the Sirloin Steak, and the Kobe Beef Burger along with Mac & Cheese, Wings, Tater Tots, and Steak Fries as sides.  When we got the food, it came out in a reasonable amount of time and everything came out at once. My Pizza wasn't anything I expected.  It was a super thin crust pizza (we're talking about the thickness of a cracker) cut into about 8 2 inch squares with just one meatball (about the size of a sweedish meatball) in the center of each "slice".  The portion size was decent, the sauce had a nice bit of spice too, the kobe beef meatball was good and decently flavored, but I still can't get over the cracker they used as a crust.  Just not my thing and was thinking more of "pizza" crust than a Ritz Cracker crust. I tried all of the appetizers and by far the best was Steak Fries.  It wasn't the fries itself, but the sauce that came with it was excellent.  It was almost like a chipotle/mayo taste to it and was excellent.  The wings were good, but very small.  They were more like wing lollipops than your traditional wings.  The seasoning they used was good.  The mac and cheese was good, nothing mind blowing but good.  And finally the tater tots, to be honest they reminded me too much of what I had from the school cafeteria and while you did get hints of the brie and bacon, I just thought they were just ok. Comments from the table pretty much ranged in the just OK area whether it was the Burger, Sirloin, or even the other guy that ordered the Pizza.  The guy who ordered the Pork, didn't like it and thought it was overcooked and tough to eat. The service here is professional indifferent.  The waiter did spill water on me when trying to refill a glass and just kind of blew off as no big deal and of course on a scale of 1 - 10 I would rank it as a 4.  Yeah annoyed, but not pissed, probably would have been a two if the waiter wasn't so indifferent.  Also I noticed we didn't get bread and several other tables did, so not sure if you had to pay for it, or again the waiter being indifferent about it. My share of the food came out to be about $40.  I'm sure I put in more than others, but WTF.  As to recommendation, to be honest the food was good, but I was hardly blown away especially at the prices you pay at.  I guess I feel the same way about Stack as the waiter felt about us, indifferent.  You could do better, but you could also do worst in Vegas, take it or leave it and from a meh feeling, Stack gets a 3 star rating.
5	I am hard to please when it comes to steak, what I can say I just have never really been a fan until now. I love the steak at Stack's!!!MGM has hit the mark with this restaurant- It's sexy, modern, and very stylish.  For those of you that bitch about the prices- get over it, its Vegas. Plus you get what you paid for and it's good!  We have tried the NYC Sirloin, whipped potatoes, adult tator tots, and onion rings and loved it all. I can't wait to go back and try the pigs in a blanket.
5	My wife and I tried Stack for a special occasion on a trip to Las Vegas.  Most of the luxury hotels have their own steak restaurants, and I can't comment on those as I didn't try them.Both the wife and I tried the filet mignon and mashed potatoes.  Additionally I had a cocktail with my meal.  As stated in other reviews, everything is ordered a la carte.  The ambiance of the restaurant was fancy, though it was very dark as some have mentioned.  I didn't mind this, as tables are fairly close to one another and the darkness helps give a more private feel than could be achieved with more light given the tables proximity to one another. Service was top notch.  Drinks were refilled quickly, food brought out promptly, and everyone was professional and friendly.We both agreed that the steak was cooked perfectly.  Both steaks were extremely tender and flavorful.  We both order the steaks cooked medium and they came as expected with a warm, just slightly brown center.  Neither of us have had the opportunity to go to a lot of high end steak houses, but I have been to a couple, and this was in my opinion the best steak I have had. The mashed potatoes were also very good.  My wife is a huge starch fan and deemed them the best mashed potatoes she has ever had.The cocktail was a Long Island Iced Tea.  I am not a wine fan, which I am sure if you had the taste for it would have accompanied this meal nicely, but the cocktail was very well done and obviously made with premium liquors.All and all this place was great for a special occasion.  Prices reflect the service and quality of the food.  Don't go if you aren't willing to let yourself forget about the check for the night.  I don't see myself going back to Las Vegas anytime soon, but I would definitely go back if I found myself in the area.
4	I went here with some friends as part of a dinner/show package and was very impressed! We were all on the pre fix menu as part of said package and so were prepared to be underwhelmed as sometimes these limited menus don't really live up to expectations. We were all very wrong.The first item I had was a fancy version of a grilled cheese with tomato soup. WOW - this is amazing stuff. Creamy delicious soup paired with perfectly grilled cheese with the crust cut off just like mama did it. Had the 10oz steak for the second course - amazing. Well seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, and savory. For the money this was one of the better meals I have had in a long time!
4	My husband and I dined here this past weekend and were impressed with both the service and the food. I would give it 4.5 stars overall. We were thrilled to find one of our favorite wines by the glass, and their entire list and drink menu were great. Thanks to suggestions mentioned by previous reviews we ordered all the right things. Started with the caeser salad that our server split for us. My husband always says he can judge a restaurant by its caeser salad. He was not disappointed. We had to give the Hot Rock a try and it was not only fun but so delicous. We followed that with the Spicy Crab which wasnt too spicy. I found it a little salty but he didnt think so. The highlight was the Miso Black Cod lettuce cups. I still can't stop thinking about them. I have to find the recipe to the sauce so I can duplicate this at home. This is a must try! We then got the adult tator tots which have brie and bacon in them. They were like fried potato skins only better. We also had the kobe beef chili cheese fries. So amazing I could eat an entire bowl. We ended with the jelly donut holes that you dip into a cream anglaise sauce. The perfect finish. We left stuffed and satisifed. Our server Vince was superb, a polished professional that attended to our needs but did not hover. I would most definitely return and recommend to family and friends.
5	My husband and I really enjoyed our dinner at Stack.  It is a hip, casual restaurant with a funky but relaxed menu and delicious cocktails.  The hostesses were very friendly and greeted and seated us immediately.  Our waiter was extremely friendly and funny, and the service was really excellent.  He did a good job of being attentive without being annoying.The decor is pretty cool ... it is dim and looks a bit like a cavern inside.  I have seen reviews where some people complain that it is too dark in there to read the menu ... I really don't understand that.  It's dim, but we had no problem reading the menu or seeing our food -- if you do struggle, I suggest going to an optometrist. It also isn't nearly as overcrowded as reviews led me to expect ... yes, the tables are relatively close together, but it is absolutely NOT like dining with the people at the table next to you, or anything like that.  I felt the dimness and the layout made it actually kind of cozy.  The music was nice and not too loud, but not yawn-inducing either.The cocktails were delicious and nicely strong. The food was delicious!  We had hot rocks as the appetizer, and despite my klutziness trying to get the little pieces of steak onto the rock with my chopsticks, we had a lot of fun, and it was also really, really tasty steak with the marinade.  For dinner, my husband and I each had steak, and we shared an order of the adult tater tots as a side.  The steaks and the sauces they come with are amazing, and the tater tots were really delicious (bacon and brie in tater tots is a brilliant idea!).  For dessert, we had the jelly donut holes.  Maybe nothing super special, but it was a fun and tasty end to the meal.It is a bit pricey, but I think it is worth every penny.  If you want to have a fun, delicious meal, you can't go wrong with Stack!
4	Came here for a bachelorette party dinner so we had a pre fixe menu.  It was halloween night so the staff was in good spirits and dressed for the occassion.As soon as we placed our orders, champagne and appetizers quickly appeared at our table.  We had the hot rocks appetizer, spicy tuna appetizer, miso cod lettuce cups, and pigs in a blanket.  The hot rocks appetizer was fun since it was interactive.  All of them were very tasty.Just as quickly as our appetizer plates were cleared our dinner entrees arrived.  I had the pasta which was creamy, truffley and indulgent.  There was so much food I barely got through half of it.  My firends ordered the filet and they all were very happy with their order.  Sides of garlic spinach, mashed potatoes, and french fries were also brought to our table family style.  I snuck a few more veggies into my pasta dish by throwing in extra spinach.By now, our appetites had slowed down and so had our service.  For dessert, we had a mini desserts of pumpkin cheesecake, key lime tarts and raspberry filled doughnut holes.  The faves at the table were the cheesecake and especially the doughnut holes.  All at the table were impressed and pleasantly surprised with the food and service.  I wish I remember our servers name because he did a great job chatting us up and keeping the flow of dinner going smoothly.Definitely a great place for a larger group for dinner.
3	Five stars for the steaks, one star for the service.Me and my bud came here for dinner after a long day of traveling.  It was his first time to Vegas, my second, and we went for a quick walk and decided upon the Mirage, "just because."The hostess, a blonde babe that is a dime a dozen in this town, did smile at first, asking if we wanted to sit in the dining room or the bar, and me, being ever so charming, replied, "whichever is nicer."  And this ice cold facade came up on her part and she goes, "well, it's really up to you."  Come on! The Ritz in Paris, if you ask any member of the staff whether you should sit in the Ritz Bar, the Bar Vendome or the Bar Hemingway, you will automically get, " definitely the Bar Hemingway."  And honey, Stack at the Mirage aint no Paris Ritz!We chose the dining-room, which was dark, chic, upscale, etc.  It was half empty when we arrived, but the Ice Queen had the desire to sit us close to a group sitting nearby.  As the evening progressed, the restaurant filled up, not gradually, but almost all at once.  We got beers and figured that you'd have to expect some round of bitchiness in such a place. Our waitress was nice, yet she let the two other dudes do all the work, and didn't really seem concerned with our well being after we received our steaks, mashed potatoes and creamed spinach - it's very run of the mill steakhouse, yet the food was really good, but with the douchebag attitide, you feel like you should get what you paid for.  Right?
4	Big fan of Stack.  We had just ate at Cut the night before so we wanted to eat some great food other than steak and this place was perfect (they do have nice steaks as well).  We went to Beatles Love earlier in the night and decided to hit Stack at 10 before we continued on for the evening.  The vibe in this place was one of the best I have experienced in LV.  It's nothing over the top, just really cool design and fun.  You can tell when you get there, that this place is going to serve good booze and good food.  My wife and I split 3 small plates (Lobster Tacos, Spicy Hamachi, Lamb Sliders) and the waiter through in some Adult tater tots.  Each of the plates was amazing.  We felt the server at this restaurant did such a better job than our guy the night before.  The food is not as high end as some of the places on the strip, but for 1/3 of the cost, my wife and I had just as good of a time.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone stopping by the Mirage!!
1	Can you say RIP OFF! I sat at the bar and ordered the Lobster Tacos. Some say 2 bites...I say one. I don't even think there was any lobster in those tiny little things. $21 for NOTHING.  The roasted tomato soup was good and came with a  mini grilled cheese that was about as small as the tacos. And for $14,  they don't give you a cup or a bowl, but something in-between. Still very hungry,  I ordered the "adult tater tots" ($10) with Brie cheese. Funny...I didn't taste any brie cheese or any kind of cheese for that matter. Yet another rip-off. Thank God I didn't order an entree. I could only imagine what a disaster that would have been. Total bill for one with tip $60! I had to go get dinner after I left! Unless you like getting treated like a stupid tourist stay far away from this place!
4	Ate there Thanksgiving Day. I had the 26 oz cowboy steak with mashed potatos as my side. The streak was cooked perfect and was very flavorful worth the $44.My wife had the sirloin steak with Mack and cheese as her side. Sirloin was good but no where near as good as the cowboy steak. Both sides were wonderful. The service was good too water was kept filled. I rate this a 4.5 the only thing keeping it from getting a five is they don't offer any bread before the meal. The bill was $100.00 for two with no cocktails (we were drinking all day) I'd go back again.
3	I like the atmosphere and I loved the side dishes of MacNCheese w/ Bacon, and the Garlic Spinach.   I was a bit disappointed with the Seabass, especially given the price....I've had much better.   If I was a steak eater, maybe I'd like it better (my friend really enjoyed his 24 oz steak).  I liked the loud music, but one of my friends thought it was a bit too loud to enjoy the conversation.   I'd go back if others really wanted to, but I'd prefer to try someplace else next time.
4	Came here to bid our girlfriend adieu as she ventures off into married land. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I liked Stack a lot. I would definitely come back. To be fair, I should warn you that the prices are a bit on the steep side. But, it's Vegas isn't it? Of COURSE you're gonna spend some cash while you're here! The staff was great (minus the hostesses who appeared to have a slight stick up their ass), but the servers were awesome. The manager was nice too, checking to see how we were doing. Definitely recommend the "hot rocks" (kobe beef that you cook yourself on these steamed stones)....MMMM it practically melted in my mouth. The seabass was tasty with it's shellfish broth and lobster risotto. I'd definitely recommend paying a visit to Stack the next time you're in Sin City.
5	Great small plates e.g the hot rocks. Good service too.
4	Delicious!!! The appetizers were great. There were 4 of us and we tried several of the appetizers. The calamari was crispy and tasty. I ordered the Bone-In Fillet (Rare)... This was a great cut that left me wanting more. My friend ordered the Ribeye and that looked awesome! The only gripe i have was the service was a little slow, and we had a wobbly table that never really got fixed. I would definitely try this place again....It was a bit pricey but worth it.
3	We were looking for a decent place to grab dinner before KA, and everything at the MGM Grand was booked up (private parties on a fight night), we were staying at TI, and Stack had decent reviews next door at the Mirage. As one of the Mirage's "find dining" locations, I expected A LOT MORE. You are greeted by loud music and walk through the bar on your way to the table... hoping the club beats will abide as you move into a beautiful dining area. But it doesn't. I understand this is Vegas, and they want you to move from their restaurant into their club, but when spending ~$150/person on dinner I expect to be able to hear my date over the music. Our first server (I *think* we had two, not sure really because there was no continuity) talked very fast, and nervously. After he calmed down he was nice and courteous, but barely knowledgeable about the menu. The specials were rehearsed, not even sure if he knew exactly what they were. Food came fairly quickly after ordering, but service after that was scarce. We started off with the tuna, and it was overcooked in a sauce with little flavor. Topped with slices of Serrano peppers it was a unique presentation, but nothing I would order again. The steak was great, both of ours (NY strip & fillet) came out perfectly done and extremely flavorful. Two different steak sauces were served, one delicious red wine and a tasty peppercorn. The steaks are the only reason why Stack gets 3 stars instead of the 2 I'm inclined to give it. The side dishes were just OK, my baked mac n' cheese was acceptable, but nothing to go back for. My wife ordered the sauteed spinach, there's only so much you can expect out of that, but this could have been dropped from a can and microwaved. The wine list may have been long, but the selection and prices were horrible. We ended up with a Pine Ridge Merlot, ~$65 for a bottle we can by for $5 at the local grocery store. Other cellars and vintages that can be bought for $10 (Beringer, Red Diamond) rounded out their ~$100 categories. When I asked for some sort of bread to be served with dinner I felt like I was being a bother, and although I wasn't charged for it, when it did come out it was warm, but hard and tough as though it had been reheated. Overall I think it would be a great place to come with a group of friends or for a party. If you're looking to sit at a bar and grab some good drinks and food this would be a good stop, just stick with the mixed drinks and stay away from the wine. But if you're looking to sit down for a nice dinner I would recommend looking somewhere else. While I hate making comparisons, value and service wise, a place like Ruth's Chris Steakhouse would give you a much better experience for the same money.
4	Stack is one of my favorites. Great place for fun twists on old favorites. Fun atmosphere, great music, attentive service. Been dozens of times and only encountered one issue with a steak being undercooked. Server corrected it immediately and was very apologetic. I recommend the hot rocks, pigs in a blanket, the bone in steaks, the lamb, or pork, tater tots and twice baked potato.
1	My favorite thing about Stack you ask? The customer service! Such as when a server spilled pasta with truffle oil all over my brand new silk dress and instead of offering to have it dry cleaned, told me to go the Mirage gift shop for a Tide Stick. Wasn't even my pasta. Didn't even apologize. And of course this came after we left a 25% tip! Then when I contacted customer service to see if they would reimburse my dry cleaning expenses (had to have it cleaned three times to get the stain out), I got no response. On top of all this, I was hosting a big (& expensive) dinner event and nothing that was pre-arranged with the restaurant came into fruition. In other words, they dropped the ball (or the pasta) again and again. In terms of food, they are okay to good, but mostly mediocre given the quality and prices. The best items are the cheesy buttery ones, and what doesn't taste good with lots of cheese and butter? Needless to say, Stack does not stack up.
4	Good food and company go a long way.Appetizers were tasty -  i love the cod in a lettuce cup.  The hamachi with the jalepeno pepper was a good copy of nobu's.My bone in rib eye was amazing.  Me in love.Desserts - okay, can't remember what we had after all the drinking ha ha
5	Wow.  This place is just amazing.  I thought this place was just very good until my boyfriend received a card in the mail two weeks after we dined there.  Written by our server.  To thank us for coming.  WOW.The customer service here was amazing.  We had two servers at our table and a number of other people waiting on our table.  They brought out the food quickly, cleaned things up quickly, and changed our plates/utensils for the new dishes.  We came here without a reservation so the wait was 45 minutes on a Saturday night.  We spent the time walking around and playing a few things before going in so the wait really wasn't a big deal.  I had a prosecco at the bar which was not bad and my boyfriend had Black on THE ROCKS...like literally all rocks.  Not a big deal either.  Stack's menu is relatively simple and easy to navigate.  I liked that each dish was small so my boyfriend and I shared everything.  First we had the Hot Rocks which was amazing!!!!  They bring this hot black rock to your table and I think 7-8 slices of thinly sliced sirloin.  You're supposed to cook the sirloin just 1 minute on each side.  That might be overdoing it a bit too so it's really quick.  THen we had the Grilled Meat Ball Pizza.  Not your average pizza.  The bottom was a herby cracker and it had a sliver of meatball on each piece.  Not bad though.  This came with 8 pieces.  We had the lobster main plate which was quite delicious.  The lobster was a smaller lobster but it was cooked just right and very tender.  We had the adult tater tots which were amazing!!!!!!  They were hollow with bacon and melted brie inside.  I think there were 6 of these.  For veggies, we had the sauteed spinach which was nothing special but complimented the meal well.  Our meal was $120 but it was quite a significant tip for to thank them for the service.  I definitely want to come back here and I recommend it.  The food is probably a 4 I would say.
5	I picked Stack because it's owned by the same company that owns FIX (which was out of the world). Luckily I was able to make a reservation for the same day as the Love show. We started off with pigs in a blanket and the spicy Japanese crab, The pigs in a blanket were just like the ones you would get at any cocktail party - amazing! The spicy Japanese crab was just okay - I did not think it was bad per say, it was just not my taste. It was shredded crab on top of rice and lightly covered with a citrus soy sauce. For dinner I had the stacked Kobe beef burger with grown up tater tots. The Kobe beef burger was really good, but I didn't not care for the tater tots. They were stuffed with brie cheese and bacon. I think the bacon is what threw me off, I would have liked them if they were just filled with potato and brie cheese. I then had to have the jelly donut munchkins with vanilla dipping sauce for dessert. OMG!!!! They were amazing. When I bit into these I thought  I was in heaven. Just thinking about them makes my mouth water. Other than the food, the staff was outstanding, the decor is chic and the food presentation is very clever. For example when the jelly donuts came out, they were stacked in a mini cardboard box that said stack all over it (it looked like a DD munchkin box). I am so glad I was able to come here. I will defiantly be coming back the next time I am in Vegas!
5	I absolutely loved Stack, our experience couldn't have been better. Went with a group of girls and we split a bunch of sides and small plates. Everything was delicious - the mac and cheese and lettuce wraps were amazing - and it was fairly priced. We ended up only spending about $35 each for a glass of wine and food which I thought was pretty cheap given how nice the place is and how yummy the food was. The inside is really cool and the service was really fast (even though almost every table was full). It is definitely a good place for group - most tables had at least 6 people at them. Probably not the best place for a romantic meal, better for birthday celebrations, bachelorette parties, etc. Good looking, younger crowd.
2	Def. not one of my favorite places to dine in Vegas. Service was so slow. We ordered drinks and appetizers and it took them more than 30 minutes to bring them to us. Like how hard is it to pour red bull and vodka into a glass and fill up four shot glasses..? I'll tell you one thing, it takes about 30 seconds not 30 minutes. We had to remind the waiter several times and each time they said, "They are still preparing your drinks!" Horseshit! There was 50 of us in our party, so we had a bunch of appetizers and finger food. Spicy tuna roll (SO GOOD), buffalo wings, pigs in a blanket,  scallop lettuce cups, bread sticks, raw meat with hot rocks, and mini shrimp tacos. It was delicious food, but again service was extremely slow and half of us didn't get anything to eat. And what a random combination of food to bring us I thought. I don't eat meat at all, but was starving so just ate the fish entrees. Tasty. The only thing we had to worry about was the gratuity and the rest was on the company. They put stuff on our bill that we didn't even order like a Cesar Salad and Steak Fries. We told the waitress and she kept taking off appetizers and could never get it right. Dumb-ass! So we just left her $5 tip and bounced on out. She failed! I don't recommend going here at all.
4	We came here simply because we'd been eating like royalty the two nights prior, had a full day of vegas-ing, took a long time to get ready for our 3rd night out, had tickets to LOVE and didn't really have any preference on where we ate this night since our main focus was the show. We narrowed it down to somewhere in the mirage to help save time and this sounded the best to our husbands. Even upon our first step inside we were plesantly surprised. Very cool vibe and decor. Excellent reception, friendly attentive service from the very get go. The place was totally packed, loud but not annoyingly so. We had a few appetizers and it's been too long to remember all the details but they were all good. I remember nothing was healthy - but whatever we were celelbrating. The steaks were good, sauces yummy and drinks were strong. We had a very lovely evening which was cool because we honestly didn't have high, or even medium expectations for the place. Then a week later we got a hand written thank you note in the mail thanking us for our business. Very nice touch and nice way to bring back a reminder of a fun little weekend trip to vegas. If it was just a few percent cheaper I think it'd be perfect. We'd eaten and MIX the night before which is extremely elegant and amazing and no offense to STACK -but way out of their league and our bills were almost the same. But, that's vegas so we also weren't surprised. If I ever find myself back in the mirage
3	We went here last weekend with a bunch of friends, food was great and ambiance was good. Only reason I give it 3 stars is because it's not anything unique ... you can get the same "trendy steakhouse" experience a ton of other places as well. If you're staying at the Mirage, a good choice if you want to eat in the hotel.
2	9 of us had dinner here to celebrate a special occasion. Of our 9 mains, FOUR were overcooked. The steaks had a texture of shoe soles. The lamb looked like it had been braised with a flamethrower. I didn't want to be a bitch, but I told the waiter, who brought over the manager. The cuts of meat were good, and the sides were nice (the mac and cheese side was great) but I just wanted the guy to know that it seemed a little odd that FOUR of NINE MAINS were wrecked by the chef who doesn't seem to have a real handle on his grill.I was thinking we'd get one main comped, or SOMETHING, but the bill came and absolutely nothing was done about it. I called over the manager and he offered to buy us a couple glasses of wine - we're settling up, we've got our coats on, that seems a little trite. It kind of pissed me off and I stuck to my guns, said "we heard great things about this place, your man in the back destroyed 4 meals, there's got to be something you can do". He finally relented and comped us the lamb and bought us a couple shooters, which I appreciated, but it took a WHOLE LOT of discussion. I'd give this place a pass if you're in a big group - I don't know how 9 meals at the same time (when 6 of them were steaks!) possible overwhelmed the chef - the place was only half full - but be wary, whomever runs the grill here doesn't seem to fully comprehend its power.
5	Can't say enough about this place, the food is excellent! Hot Rocks, Chicken Wings, Calimari all are fantastic. The Peach Impeare'd martini is one of my favorite drinks in vegas.  The service is just okay however if you get Eddie as your waiter you wont be disapointed, I make sure anytime I go, to ask for him or not go in at all.  If the rest of the vegas restaurant staff were trained by him you wouldn't need any other star level except 5.  Well done Stack, keep it going.
2	The was my second meal in Vegas. The price point for this Restaurant is more than I originally thought after looking at the stats on here. The service was ok. We had three waiters, but some how drinks were not brought to the table until after dinner. When one of the girls told him they no longer wanted the drink because we were leaving dinner he still brought it out and charged us for it. LARGE GROUPS BEWARE they will NOT SPLIT CHECKS, which is a little awkward for the end of dinner when everyone has to pool together to pay. The food was alright. Not bad but not great. Two of the girls had to send back their steaks because they were WAY over cooked. It took the entire rest of the meal to get them back (they wanted rare steaks). And like I said for the price you are paying for these steaks they should be done correctly. The veggies were overcooked and not all that enjoyable. The Adult tater tots, mack and cheese, and mashed potatoes were good (they have the carbs down). Find another steak house if you want steak, I would even venture to say Ruth's Chris Steak out in Charlotte has better steaks.
1	Terrible service.  Our drinks, food, and service were all wrong.  They brought us food we didn't order.  The food is incredibly bland and overpriced even thought it's inside mirage.  I will never come here again.  We asked for grey gooose drinks and they tried to give is ketel1.  Lobster was tastless and not fresh, the filet was tastless and bland.. Completely unsatisfying even though I really haven't had much in the way of food in the past 36 hours.  Don't come here unless you're dying of starvation and want to pay handsomely for mediocre food.  You're better off at in n out or panda express.  DON'T EAT HERE UNLESS IT'S COMPED!
3	Not bad at all, Stack. Nice looking place with some creative twists. We ordered a couple drinks and apps after a show at the Mirage. Ended up sharing the lobster tacos and adult tator tots (stuffed with brie and bacon). Food was really good. Portions and prices, not so much. Like a lot of restaurants on the strip, over priced. But I certainly can't complain about the quality. The only other complaint I have on the place is that service was good, but somewhat confusing. The bartenders/waiters don't talk to each other at all. We had at least 3-4 different people trying to take our order in a 10 minute time period.
3	I went to Stack for dinner and ordered the $40 Prix Fixe which included 2 Lobster Tacos, 10 oz Prime Skirt Steak, and 3 Jelly Donut Munchkins Holes. The Lobster Taco were small, but delicious. I assume the regular appetizer comes with 4 tacos and I highly recommend them. The Skirt Steak was cook nicely at medium rare, and it is quite flavorful, but a little too overpowering by itself. Side orders must be ordered a la carte, and I had my steak with potato wedge French fries. Perhaps something lighter like mashed potatoes would have paired better with the steak. The Jelly Donut Munchkins Holes are super sweet, but too sweet for my liking.Atmosphere is nice, it's not too dark and not too loud. The servers were great, our food did take awhile to come out (about 45 minutes until the entree came out), but after asking if they could hurry up because we needed to go see a show, they were really helpful in speeding up the process. I would eat here again.Tip: Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 5-7 p.m. with a good selection of appetizers, but you have to eat in the bar/lounge area, not the dinner restaurant area.
3	I feel like the Light Group gets their crowds in here as part of the Bachelorette package, otherwise why would anyone go here? haha...anyway...so yes, we were surrounded by loud, obnoxious girls, mostly in tiny dresses, and lots of ladies with veils on their head...ayiyiParty of 4.  Apparently before Eric R. and I got here, our party (his relatives) had to argue with management for 20 minutes to get a round table in the middle of the restaurant (reserved for parties of 6 or more I guess?) - we didn't want a corner tiny table and we needed the round table for the food we got, glad that worked out.Too many servers...the waiter who took our appetizers was not the one who took entree orders.  Confusing!  We got hot rock with sirloin (barely any meat for the cost, tasty but not worth it), tuna tartare (good), Asian lettuce wraps (these come with pork, beef, and chicken skewers. None of us eat pork.  We asked for a sub.  Waiter says "We cannot compromise on this - no subs" - how hard is it to give us chicken skewer instead of pork?  We asked them to leave it off and they wouldn't hahahah)Drinks - I got a bellini...yummy.  Pellegrino for half table, flat water for other.  Glad I wasn't paying! We asked 2nd waiter for side of onion rings to be an appetizer.  Instead of agreeing and doing so, he goes and looks for first waiter, comes back and tells us we did not order onion rings as appetizer with first waiter...uh duh, we just did with you.  So he asks if we are sure...yes we are...oy!!Eric's relatives ordered the 40 oz steak for 2 and asked for spinach instead of 2nd mashed potatoes...that did not get computed and they got 2 potatoes, 2 spinaches....Eric ordered Brooklyn filet with scampi - asked for it medium, got it rare.  Had to send back but it was better the 2nd time.I got small shellfish stack - small lobster tail (gave to Eric), big crab legs that came out of shell nicely, 4 oysters, 2 tiger prawns, baby tabasco sauce, mignonette, on ice...pretty good and filling, nice presentation.  We were too full for dessert.Overall, relatively okay service but a little flighty and bizarre on the ordering, food was okay, atmosphere was too loud and too bachelorette-y, and I don't see a reason to return.  However, the food was tasty enough for 3 stars.
3	We came here for a quick bite to eat before seeing the Terry Fator show. We sat at the bar, ordered a couple drinks and two appetizers (both were half off because it was still happy hour). The Yellowtail Sashimi was forgettable. They were very thin slices of hamachi drowning in ponzu. The Hot Rocks dish, on the other hand, was very good. The thinly sliced beef was seasoned nicely and was delicious. And, it only takes a few seconds to cook them on the rocks. The service was solid but it took a while to get the check. This was the second restaurant I've visited operated by The Light Group (Yellowtail was the first and it was a disappointment) and I was pleasantly surprised. Whenever someone mentions them the first thing that pops into my head is "restaurants that are pricey with mediocre food that are more about the look and atmosphere of the place than quality dining." While I still think that description fits in regards to Stack, the menu does have some dishes I'd like to try. If you're looking for a mid-tier restaurant (not too cheap, not too expensive) on the strip this place is worth checking out.
3	How does Stack stack up?  A-OK (to coin a Yelpism).  We decided to partake in the half price apps and well drinks between 5-7pm.  We found a nice little table and took a seat.  We waited a little while for someone to take our app order, but they were quite busy.  Unfortunately, our first cocktail waitress was not friendly at all.  She was quite grumpy and didn't smile even once.  We placed our orders and waited for our cocktails.  When my drink was placed in front of me, I realized after she left that it was not what I ordered.  Try as we might, we could not get the waitress' attention.  Fortunately another cocktail server came by and quickly resolved the mistake.We both ordered the lobster tacos, which were really tiny and cute.  They tasted delicious.  I wish they would have been bigger!   I would have liked to have tried another app, but the lobster tacos were the most appetizing to me.  Would I return?  Perhaps.
3	Same group that owns the club Jet in the Mirage which is a big factor in my experience. Got there and immediately received very poor service. Another server picked up on what was happening and totally saved the day. Got us shots for free, 10% off the bill and escorted us to Jet where we got in for free and passed around 100-200 people standing in line. The cowboy ribeye was great, the hot rocks with thinly shaved beef (sirloin  i suppose) was more of a novelty then tasty. Personal tip is to try and talk your server into helping you get in the club if thats your thang shawty!
5	This is mouthwatering good! and the prices were awesome for the Strip! I had the lettuce cups, 3 skewers of pork ,chicken and beef perfect! Then i had a cowboy steak, perfectly seasoned and cooked, melt in your mouth! Sides were mac and cheese, adult tater tots, baby veggies all rave reviews from my table. I could not stomach dessert i was stuffed beyond belief but i will be back to try dessert and happy hour!
2	The review 'I've experienced better' is a perfect description of this pretty expensive restaurant. Every dish had extremely overpowering elements. The chefs in the back definitely have a heavy hand and a desire for putting truffle oil on everything (which after three or four bites becomes nauseating).  The pigs in a blanket were gleaming from the massive amount of butter, my surf and turf too salty, the fries loaded with pepper and mac and cheese tasted like cardboard soaked in truffle oil. I think the draw to this beehive styled Restaurant is the celebrity sightings. I saw a couple of D-listers and two LA Lakers basketball players during my visit. If you're into that I guess you can get past the bad food by hanging out at the bar and looking out into the dark dining room. It'll achieve your wish and save you from the sickening food.
5	I loved this restaurant!  I came here with 6 of my girlfriends for a bachelorette party.  The restaurant is in the Mirage, which I have always loved, but the restaurant itself is superb.  It was clean, spacious and airy.  It had people in it, but it was not too packed (we came on a Sunday night).  The food was delicious (I orders the petit fillet Mignon with sides of spinach and a baked potato & for dessert we had these yummy little raspberry filled donuts with this creamy dipping sauce), and the service was outstanding.  I have to say a big "thank you" to Doug, the manager, who was so helpful.  He told us about the club to go to on a Sunday night, and he even managed to call a friend and get us put on the guest list so that we did not have to stand in line.  We so appreciated the nice treatment in a town where if you do not pay $600 for bottle service at a club, they do not want to know you.  Overall, the food, ambiance and service of Stacks was topnotch!
5	With the dim lighting and "stacked" layers of wood, I feel like I'm eating inside a sculpture.  I love to just sit back and enjoy the atmosphere, but the macaroni and cheese with truffles put the awesome experience over the edge.
3	Came here for Happy Hour before the Cirque Du Soleil Love show and was satisfied with the food.  We had the Kobe Beef Chili Cheese Fries and Black Cod Lettuce Cups.  Both appetizers were absolutely delicious, and I would definitely back here for the food.  The restaurant itself is gorgeous with some type of contemporary wood paneling throughout.  The drink specials for happy hour, however, were not as impressive with only Skyy Vodka cocktails being half off.  Even so, for some reason Skyy w/ Red Bull was not included as part of the specials so we got charged $9 for the Red Bull in addition to the vodka...hmm......
4	Great decor...very cool vibe here!  We checked out the happy hour and it got pretty crowded...I guess $4 drinks in Vegas will do that!
3	We've been trying to get here for 6 months and finally late last night made it.  Was it worth the wait? Yes.  for the atmosphere alone.  dark & clubby.  The cavernous effect does have a downside, however.  Noise. We knew the table 3 rows away was from St. Louis just from being able to hear their convo.  Lets first say that we are not 20somethings living on mommy & daddy's dime and don't go places to be seen which is the vibe we both got from here.  I understand the Light group marketing concept which is have a bunch of hot chicks around and the men with money will show up.  Gotcha.  Makes for great people watching too.  Anyway, we just wanted to have some tapas like appetizers so we had the bacon/brie adult tater tots -- perfect except we needed 2 orders of them since we were fighting over the 3rd one.  Parm/chicken pops.  melt in the mouth delicious. And the main reason we went, the cooked on the hot rocks thin marinated stacked steaks.  Yum.  As our "main" course we had grilled cheese and tomato soup.  equally yum.  So why only 3 *** if the food was good.  The service is terrible.  Even with reservations we had to wait 20 minutes.  There is no separate area for the ongoing bachelorette party of 8 giggle girls at 1 table and 6 at another.  Once seated, we became invisible to the point where my dinner companion had to go hunt down someone to take our drink order after waiting at the table another 30 minutes.  If the 4 guys at the table next to us hadn't been so enthralling amusing trying to pick up at least 1 of the girls from table #2 of swingles, you can bet we'd of left.  The over all time from arrival to check signing was 1.9 hours.  For simple tapas & soup..way too long.  Even on a holiday weekend.  Coupled with the fact that 3 tables seated after us were gone by the time our main course came, didn't help my mood.  We even accounted for the fact that it was a holiday weekend and apparently since the economic downturn, Vegas waitstaff has lost it's ability to hustle.  We will try it again if for nothing else the tater tots and hot rock steak alone.  But we'll also make sure we have a book or at the iPad to keep us entertained.
4	Well this is a restaurant inside a casino on the strip, so obviously the decor/ambiance are awesome, the food is decent, and everything's overpriced (3 stars). However, we stopped in here before going to see Love, and I was pleasantly surprised by Stack. They run a happy hour Monday to Friday from 5-7 with $4 beers, $4 skyy cocktails (NOT including red bull of course), and half price appetizers (bonus star!). Even with half price, the appetizers still run $8-12, but I think they're pretty good. The chili cheese fries are very unique in a "gourmet" way, the lobster tacos were great, and I am a sucker for the "hot rock." Pigs in a blanket were pretty standard, as was the shrimp cocktail. The funny thing about the lobster tacos was they are tiny. I don't mean small, like a street-food style taco, I mean tiny like what you would make with a play-do play set as a kid. Or maybe the size of a gummy candy you get in the shape of a taco. Literally, they are each about 1.5" long. I would have really been pissed if I had to pay the $21 full price for them!It does get pretty noisy in here since it's open to the casino and it has a very bar/lounge-y vibe. Service was good and at 5:30, we were able to walk right in to a bar table without reservations. Again, it's inside a casino on the strip, so you have a varied crowd inside, from bachelorette parties to older couples. Overall, the food is good, ambiance is killer, and happy hour prices are awesome. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit Stack, but if you ever find yourself inside the Mirage on a week night, go for it.
4	very nice and romantic restaurant but food was ok
2	This is a difficult review to write.  I had the $39.99 prix fixe tasting menu about which the Mirage has been sending me emails for a few months.  All the food I had was excellent.  I had lobster tacos, the prime skirt steak, and the jelly donut munchkin holes for dessert.  These get high marks in my review.  The tacos were luscious--the guacamole served with them was excellent!  The skirt steak was served with two sauces that were also very well done.  The munchkin jelly donut holes were really tasty with or without the vanilla sauce that came with them.Now for the minuses.  I had no bread service.  Evidently, if you order from the prix fixe menu, there is no bread service.  I didn't notice this until I was almost finished with my steak, so I didn't bother to ask then.  The steak came with two thin waffle potato chips.  That's it--no side of any kind, not a carrot slice, one broccoli floret, nothing!  I found it amazing when the server suggested I might want to order a side so I had enough to eat.  I did order a side of mashed potatoes at $8.  That sort of negates the prix fixe of early dining.When I first arrived the waitress brought me a "new" prix fixe menu at $59.99 that I should consider as it would entail more food.  This is not on the Mirage website.  I did notice there was more food served including sides.  It seems to be a bait and switch scheme, but maybe no.I considered giving Stack a 2 rating but the food was all so good, I just couldn't.  I do know I won't be returning here.Edit:  You know, I have to give it a 2 star rating.  This just doesn't deserve 3 stars.  One star deleted.
4	Im trying to gather my memory here, but, unfortunately, when we ate at STACK, it was at the end of a week long business trade show and a half dozen cocktails. It's sketchy BUT:I split a 46 oz steak with my coworker.I had gourmet donut holes (holy hell were they good).The waiters fold your napkin when you get up to go the bathroom. Food is great, interior is beautiful, expensive as hell. That about wraps it up. Everything I'd expect from Vegas.
3	Energetic bar/pub style fare very high on the refinement scale. Even though the decor is very far from the typical pub with nice wood panels (stacks of wood, hence the name), menu is deliberately dominated by pub-like items like buffalo wings, onion rings and pigs in a blanket. Sharing is encouraged. They also offer steaks and other hearty main courses.They have an original appetizer called Hot Rock which is a carpaccio style piece of seasoned and oiled beef which the patron cooks on err... an hot rock. Great taste and original. However, the chef should really reconsider the practice of serving Heinz ketchup and yellow mustard to go along the finger food. At least home made laternatives should be proposed. Wine list is decent.
5	I'm giving Stack 5 stars just because of how yummy the food was!!  Take my advice & order the following (we shared this between 4 people:) *Hot Rocks*Japanese Spicy Crab Rolls (YUMMMMMY)*Calamari *Ultimate Steak *Sea Bass*Penne Pasta*Mini Key Lime Pie w/ the Margarita Sorbet Wine list was decent & we each ordered the wine tasting which included a white & 2 reds.  (They could have been a little more generous with the pour.)  Service:  Our server, Heidi, gets 5+ stars for guiding us through our dining experience and recommending all of the great food we stuffed ourselves with!!!  Steven, the manager, is a jerk & needs to adjust his snooty attitude.  I stopped by the following evening to see if Heidi was around so that I could thank her again, and was told "she is with guests right now and that is her main priority."  Uh, ok, dude - I was a guest last night, so where do I fall in that line of priorities?  Kind of rude, but I didn't let it ruin my great experience!
5	The food here is absolutely amazing!! Everything here is delicious from the bread to the lamb! Apparently you have to ask for bread (they don't bring it out even for dinner like many restaurants do). We went right as they opened for dinner so the service was great. We got the lettuce wraps for appetizer, small portion but very tasty! I had the sea bass with lobster risotto for dinner and my friend had the lamb...both of us agreed the food was the best we had on the strip...the food just melts in your mouth! We will definitely be going back here next time.
5	Was with a bunch of friends to get a great steak dinner and our concierge recommended Stacks.  She said it's more of a party atmosphere and fun, plus great beef.Boy was she was right.  Eating great steaks, filet mignons, lamb and some sushi as Kesha, Black Eyed Peas and other hip hop/pop music is playing, really made the place fun.But fun only lasts so far if the food isn't good and the food here is great!!  I had the cowboy steak (great texas, fatty deep flavor), a buddy had a petit filet (a less fatty more refined and restrained flavor) and a few other guys had a Brooklyn cut, lamb shanks etc.  Great meat, cooked really dead on. They offer a few sauces (wine reduction and I forgot the other one), not only did I mow through the meat, it tasted so great, not one sauce touched it until the very last pieces were going to be eaten.We had some great sides, spinach, the crunchy truffle fries, halibut sashimi, fries with cheese and a beefy chili on the side.  All very tasty and we all shared them family style. Plus their wine selection was on par and my friends who did drink put down two bottles and really enjoyed it.The service was very attentive and although they were short staffed as a bunch of new tables came in towards the end of the meal, we totally understood as our bill was slightly delayed.Definitely on my list of places to come back to when I head back to Vegas.
5	I was absolutely impressed with this place from an atmosphere and food point of view. As I walked up the warm wood curved ramp to the maitre d, I noticed the similar treatment that was done on the walls and ceilings. A warm and inviting yet mature setting that is elevated but not too serious. Even in the presentation of the food, they used mini cast iron casserole dishes for their side dishes and appetizers. Service was perfectly timed and excellently professional.Appetizers: Lobster Fries w/ truffle sauce, Pigs in a Blanket, Lobster Tacos w/ lime cream sauceEntree: Seabass w/ Lobster RisottoSides: Truffle Fries, Adult Tater Tots, Sauteed SpinachDessert: Sugar coated raspberry donut holes with vanilla bean sauceEverything we ordered was AMAZING. There wasn't anything that we ordered that tasted badly and I highly recommend everything I've listed in our list of ordered food. The main star of the evening though was the Sea Bass. I have never tasted such a perfectly cooked piece of great quality fish in my life. Paired with the lobster risotto (which was heavy on the lobster.... not a bad thing), the dish was definitely devoured in whole. The perfect way to end such a great meal thus far was when we ordered the raspberry jelly filled donut holes. They were warm, slightly crispy on the outside, but oh so good. They were like the fattier American style of French Beignets.Bottom-line: Amazing, amazing, amazing, and impressive food that surprised me and my taste buds of American classics.
3	Alrighty, here goes another review for another fine-dining experience. Appetizer -  Shellfish Stack (picture of this will be uploaded)Main course - Me and the date shared the 9 oz petit filet and sidesSides - Adult Tater Tots and Baked Mac & CheeseDessert - Banana Cream Pie bitesService was alright - nothing impeccable. They were there when we needed them, and came by once to refill drinks.I have to say I was SUPER disappointed that no bread was brought out to the table. I can't think of one "Fine-dining" experience where I haven't had something small set at the table prior to ordering - heck, even Outback Steakhouse, Olive Garden, and Lucille's smokehouse bring out something.Shellfish Stack looked fantastic.  If any restaurant wins for presentation, Stack should definitely be recognized as a nominee.  Great-looking food served uniquely.   It wasn't the best seafood I've had, but can't complain.Steak was tasty, but I've had better (Gallagher's at NYNY has some great meat!).I thought for sure that the Adult Tater Tots would taste fantastic according to reviews and the server's suggestion, but to my surprise they tasted a bit undercooked and as though they'd been sitting out for too long before being served.  But the baked mac & cheese was yummy!Dessert was also okay... and not too pricey.OVERALL - If you want to experience a restaurant with different presentation, try this.  If you want good food at a good price, try another restaurant.  Our bill was about $160 bucks (with only two mixed beverages).... even Morton's - which me and my date agreed is much better - isn't this expensive.
5	Stack is a very fancy place with wonderful atmosphere. Our group made reservations and had a pre-ordered 4 course dinner. I asked for no bacon on my BLT (I know it's only lettuce & tomato then), and the waiter then asked if I was vegetarian or something, because he wanted to make sure I knew my other course also had pork in it. He made sure to adjust it. :)Service was excellent throughout the meal and the food was delicious!
5	We purchased the Triple D package from vegas.com and paid a total of $130 for a fixe price menu four course meal and VIP club passes to JET for the two of us. At first they sat us down with a regular menu. The waiter saw me looking at my vegas.com confirmation and was all "hey, i think you're looking at something, let me take a look at that." OH! Vegas.com! OKAY let me get your menu. So they came out with the customized vegas.com menu to include a drink, appetizer, entree, etc etc. It was ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL. The food was phenomenal and the service was TOP NOTCH. I recommend to everyone and of course, the vegas.com package =)
5	wowwww!! Different!!!I started with the pineapple mojito, it was light but flavorful.  The drink was very decorative, with a piece of pineapple cut in a star shape sitting on the glass and a sugar cane cut as small as a straw hanging inside the glass with a big leave (I think from a lily flower) sitting inside the glass as well.  I chewed up the sugar cane and spit it out, the pineapple I saved for later, perhaps for dessert, I said.We started off with the Hot Rocks - They brought out a hot rock  and 6 thin pieces of sirloin we grilled on the rock for about 3 sec. each side. delicious for 21.00.  We also had the miso black cod, lobster tacos, Japanese spicy crab, ahi tuna tartare, all of these dishes were 19.00.  Due to such small portions we had to order two of each.  My favorite is between the lobster tacos and the spicy crab.  Oh I'm hating the fact that I have to write about it instead of being their eating it.OMG  and guess what, as I was leaving the Casino, I realized that I didn't eat the pineapple I saved for dessert.  Never save the best for last because you're either too full to enjoy it or you had forgotten about it because you had already stuffed your face.  :(
4	I've been to Vegas more than a few times in my life, but I can't say I've got my head wrapped around their food scene. What I can say about Stack is that the food was spot on. I ordered the surf and turf with butter poached lobster, both the steak and the seafood were flavorful and prepared perfectly. The ambiance wasn't what I would call inviting-- sort of dark, presumably to dim the glare of so many sequined dresses flitting about. The service was...hmmm...not great. I asked for steamed vegetables instead of sauteed and they couldn't figure that one out. Then I could hardly find someone after they forgot the sugar I ordered with my tea. I expected a better show. If this were in New York, it would never get over 3 stars, but for what it was, and where it was, I can say I enjoyed a thoroughly satisfying meal.
4	The Ultimate Porter House for two was amazing!  Steak was so flavorful you didn't even need the signature sides. The mashed potatoes were blah, and the deserts were good but nothing outstanding.
5	My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, this place was incredible. The prices are pretty high, but it was worth it. We shared a hot rocks appetizer, which was absolutely delicious, the stack seafood that had various shellfish, and adult tattertots. You honestly don't get very big portions, but the quality makes up for it. We got their first available reservation, so it wasn't very crowded. It took the restaurant about an hour to fill up. The service was superb. It was also my fiancee's birthday and they brought him out creme brulee with "Happy Birthday" on it and a candle. I got the chocolate lava cake... it was probably the best dessert I've ever had. I almost wish I didn't have to share!
2	Like an episode of Seinfeld - only 50x more expensive than the diner.We went for happy hour... four of us.  I believe it was 5-7pm?  Anyway, the selection consisted of kobe chili cheese fries, lettuce cups, buffalo style wings, and a few other things.  Roughly $8-9 each.  I couldn't imagine paying double for these.  Of course, sin city IS the most expensive place in the US to eat, now.  Regardless, we were seated at a very low-top table next to the casino floor which we liked.Now, have you seen the episode of Seinfeld where Elaine threatens the diner owner for all of his waitresses being "similar"?  Yeah, same concept here.  All looked to be Eastern European with black hair, tanned, and smokin' hot bodies.  Not that I'm complaining, but pretty odd.  Top that all off with the personality of a troll.  I'm sure it was due to the fact that we were there for a drink or two and apps, but if you want a tip, then do your damn job.  We waited about 10 minutes after our drinks came just to see a menu.  Finally ordered.  Two guys got the fries and wings, and I got the fries and lettuce cups.  Their food came out first, and she brought me the wrong french fry item.  I sent them back since I didn't want to pay $15 for some steak fries and some orange looking goo.  By the time they attempted to bring us three orders of lettuce cups (we ordered one), most everyone was done with their meal.  The 4th in our party actually ordered a non-happy hour item:  Mini lobster tacos.  Mini is such an overstatement with regards to these.  I think Micro is more suitable.  Anyway, we're talking $5 a BITE.  They were literally the size of my thumb, and he got 4 on his order.  Livid sums up how he felt after this.Anywway, is the food good?  Yes, what we ordered was good.  Was it worth even coming for happy hour or for the shit service we got?  Not even close.  Save your time and money and put some money on the over at the sports book.
4	The 4 star rating is for the food and service during dinner. It would have been a 5 star meal if the level pretentiousness was dialed down a bit from our server during Happy Hour and the Hostess staff.We had a 7pm reservation but arrived at 6 for appetizers and a couple of drinks during Happy Hour at Stack.  We had the yellow tail, steak and lettuce wraps along with a couple of beers to start off with.  The Happy Hour special beer was limited to Bud / Bud Light - we went for Chimay and paid $14/glass - ouch!  The appetizers were good, the yellow tail sashimi was fantastic.  Great sauce and very good cuts of fish.  The steak on the sizzling rocks - good, but I think people may be impressed more by the presentation.  The lettuce wraps were also very good - nice blend of flavors.  The only downside was that the waitress could have cared less about paying attention to us - she was more concerned with talking with the bartender.For dinner, we enjoyed items from the $40 Prix Fix menu - probably the best deal we could find.  This included an appetizer (all of us had the lobster tacos), a main course (steak, chicken or pasta), and dessert (either the mini doughnuts or the banana bon bon).  The food was very good - although the lobster taco appetizer was quite small, the accompanying guacamole sauce was excellent.  I had the chicken and grean beans for my main course and it was perfectly done.  Juicy and well prepared.  Our waiter was attentive, but not overbearing for dinner.I'd recommend Stack for a very good dinner - and with the set menu that is offered, it's a good deal for Las Vegas dining!
4	We just had drinks here which were great!  The bartender suggested I try the impeared if I am a fan of a pear taste and I am happy she suggested it.  Impeared is such an appropriate name for this martini.  So great!  One of the most interesting tasting martinis ever, very generous with alcohol but I couldn't tell by the taste.  The other I had was a chocolate martini which was pretty standard.  The atmosphere was nice but the place was way too busy.  We couldn't find a table.  I'd reccomend making reservations if you want to eat here, otherwise be prepared to come and rub elbows with randoms while you enjoy your drinks.  The service here was fast, very friendly, and trendy and I'd be back to try this place out again.  A very fun place in a fun casino.
1	Poor service.  Had to go to bar to get refill. Waitress was missing in action. Had to go to hostess get my tab. Won't return here.
4	I was really impressed with this place - the service, the food, ambiance, and all that a Vegas restaurant could offer. My friend and I had the special package where we got to choose an appetizer, soup, first entree, main entree, and dessert from a set menu. The lobster taco's were zesty and heaven in my mouth... and the hot rocks was just as yummy. I wished there were more pieces of beef for it. Those two are the only ones I remember now (this is from half a year ago), and I'm almost willing to pay full price to have them again. Pair your meal with a couple of Tatonga's or your choice of drinks and enjoy the mood.
3	Right off the bat I have to ask what is up with this Stepford Wives hostess staff?  Ok, rhetorical question time over.I haven't done an itemized pro/con review in while so here we go...Pros:Excellent portions of my surf & turf or lobster & filetWell prepared medium rare steakLobster was perfect and I am not a lobster fanVery good serving staff pairWell made drinks...martinis and chocolate cakesDark, intimate decor (clean-sporty executive clubhouse like)Cons:Intimate but noisy.  (I don't like to have to shout over dinner and I want to hear the specials the first time my server fires off with them)*One cocktail server in the bar/waiting area?  Ridiculous. (I literally batted my eyelashes at a girl I guessed was a cocktail server)Neither of our servers suggested wines with our steak or lambDidn't like where we were seated next to the server's station of clanking silverware and drawers....this added to the noise.If I ever come here again, I would probably just want to stick to the bar area where the full menu is served.  This is definitely good for groups.  For a date, not so much unless you text one another your conversation.  *One of the people in my party of 3 asked me how I had my steak prepared.  it was so loud, I used sign language to answer him 'M' 'R'.
5	I stayed at the Mirage over the weekend for a bachelor party and that saturday evening we had reservations at Stack. We had 30 people with us and the waiters did an excellent job of taking our drinks, taking food orders and making sure our requests were filled. I started with the lobster tacos which was small but tasty, shared the Ultimate steak which was cooked to perfection, our sides were also excellent. I ordered medium rare and it was cooked perfectly on both sides of the 40 oz porterhouse steak. We had a small army and everything went smoothly for dinner. Talk about attention to detail, I step out of my table and ordered a drink at the bar because I was meeting someone and it was automatically billed to my table. You couldn't even see my table from the bar. I felt like VIP. I would definately come here again for steak.
4	I would have given it 5 stars, but the "little" hostesses weren't very pleasant.They were mindless and without personalities. However, our server was great! We got the Triple D package for 2. It was a great price and the food was amazing. The hot rocks appetizer was so good and fun to do. I enjoyed everything from the sweet corn soup to that "Slap yo mama" good pasta. I wanted to take the pasta home with me, it was THAT good. I would recommend this place when your in Vegas. It has a sexy vibe. It is a little noisey, but the music was good, so I didn't mind.
2	I went to Stack in 2008, I did not enjoy it.  I ordered a burger well done, it came out rare, I didn't eat any of it, except for one bite.  I did let my server know that I was less than thrilled with my meal, he did not offer to fix it, or have a new one made and I was still charged for it.  Years later the experience is still stuck in my head, I am going back to Vegas next month, but I will not be going to Stack.
5	I've stayed @ Mirage many times and this is the first time trying Stack. And a big thanks to their neighbor, Japonais for telling me we needed to make a reservation to eat, and the earliest was @  9:00, 2 hours later. There was a hungry 10-year old with us. So I called the concierge and got a reservation right away @ Stack. Got the $59 fixed price deal and it was AWESOME! The hot rock was great, my filet was cooked to perfection and the dessert platter was a fine ending. Great staff. And I think the "Stepford" comment is odd cuz the girls were friendly and professional. Maybe the fact that they were all beautiful girls was why.
4	The food was perfect. The service was flawless. My girlfriend and I went on a date to Stack in the Mirage as it is her favorite steak house - although she isnt a huge steak 'fan' , I on the other hand can never get enough meat. Filet and Broccelini were awesome. The server even sent over drinks on the house. ;) WIN WIN.
1	Ok,  We didn't even eat here, because of how we were treated when we arrived (with a reservation), and the unbelievable noise level.Hostesses?  Gee, sorry to have bothered you by telling you we had a reservation.  Restaurant 1/2 full at 9 p.m. on a busy May Saturday night?  Gee, that's why you gave us a horrible table in Siberia?  Loud, loud music supposed to whet our appetites?  I couldn't even call another restaurant because the noise level FROM THE MUSIC (not from the other diners having a great time, not from the energy of a great fun restaurant) forced me to go into a loud, busy, noisy CASINO to make my call.This is a restaurant where dinner, wine, drinks would probably cost (had we stayed) no less than $100 a person.  We've got the money, we're not old farts (ok, we're 58 and 60, but we generally eat our dinner late and enjoy fine food, fine wine and terrifically fun restaurants, lol).  From the moment we walked in, we 'got it' that they could care less we were there, and left because we knew would could find another fine restaurant in town that had natural noise which was energetic, not sense numbing.  The food looked like it would be fine, but boy, if we're going to have a great experience on our anniversary (we were not in what seems to pass for 'dressing up' in Vegas these days, all ages, shorts, socks, sneakers on the guys, and about the same on the gals), we're not going to have it at a place where they could care less we came, and even less when we walked out before ordering.
4	Bar review onlyThe BF and I went here for a couple of drinks and a snack prior to seeing Love.  I got this cucumber martini type drink.  The garnish alone was so classy.  It was cherry tomatoes with cucumber.  The drink itself was so refreshing and good.  Too many times cucumber drinks just don't taste right - this one you could really taste the cucumber in it and it didn't taste artificial either.  We also got the crunchy fries with the truffle and Parmesan dipping sauce.  These were cooked perfectly - crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce was so good too - though I am sometimes partial to truffle oil - it just tastes so good!  Definitely a good place to grab a quick drink.
4	Stack was a great place to take out some clients while at a show at the Mirage!Since I don't eat beef, steakhouses are not really my first choice of restaurants, but they had something for everyone.The fries were thick cut and came with truffle aioli- the best!My Sea bass was served on lobster risotto with big chunks of lobster.  It was very rich, but the serving size was perfect.The guys I was with were all very impressed with the steak- one even said it was the best steak he had ever had!
4	My husband and I had 6pm reservations here on memorial day.  We were seated right a way.  Though the menu is small, there was a bunch of things we wanted to try.  I ordered the 9oz filet med well and he the pork chop med.  We got the whipped potatoes to share.  We defiantly could have gotten two of those.  The filet was perfect and just melted in your mouth.  The pork chop was a bit fatty, and it was hard to see that in the dim light.  But after he got through the fat he liked it. The staff was super nice.  A bit pricy though!  Would defiantly return and recommend.
2	This restaurant has a very cool atmosphere sporting a sleek dark decor and modern lounge music which was at an exhilarating volume without being too loud or obnoxious. The food was wonderful gastropub fare such as kobe chili cheese fries as well as normal steakhouse favorites like the 9 oz petit filet an a half lobster tail surf & turf. Of course, in true Vegas style, the prices are ridiculously high for any other market but pretty average in Sin City.The service was absolutely atrocious though and made the  entire experience unpalatable. When asked about sides, our server only said it was a la carte and the sides were enough for two people to share. After ordering almost $100 in sides, we soon found out that many of the entrees came with at least side. Drink refills were non-existent. We were trying to get to a club and, three hours into our meal, I practically had to beg for my check. Overall, the food and atmosphere would be worth the trip if the service wasn't the worst I've had in a very long time!
4	I think I may have fallen in love in Vegas. How cliched.Stack....Oh, Stack......How much do I love you? I'll keep this simple and sweet-exactly how love should be. Pineapple mojito is the hit. Possibly, the best mojito I've ever had.  Hot Roks is exquisite! The presentation is sexy and the taste! OMG. The lobster tacos were amazing, small bites with hints of mango. Refreshing and tasty. I'll be back and back again for more.
2	Seriously, the food was ok, overpriced, but it's Vegas. The service was quite slow, not sure if they just didn't like us or what. We got seated far away and water didn't come right away either. Got there around 5pm, not like it was super busy or anything except at the bar.I have to say the sauteed asparagus was quite delicious. The fish was alright as it was not very well seasoned with the mash potato. The beef was not too bad, but had better.The environment is quite nice, ambient, music is loud, etc, and it's well suited for happy hour or hanging out at the bar. In terms of food, it needs more variety and need to have quicker service.The next day, I went to an Indian restaurant and paid less than what I paid at FIX and the food was superb! It's not always the 'name' of the restaurant, it's the quality of the food.
5	Another great spot for fine dining.  The cucumber martini is one of the best drinks I have ever gotten.  The pigs in a blanket app is awesome and the steaks are fantastic.  This is a great place to eat atnwhen on vacation or celebrating something special.
3	I've been twice with my fiance and overall both times were a good experience. The 1st was a little better but it was after seeing LOVE so we were both in great moods. I had the corn soup which was awesome and the crab tacos (not as good). My fiance chose the pigs in a blanket and adult tater tots and loved both. The 2nd time wasn't quite as good. I had the chicken penne pasta which was average. She once again had the tots and PIBs. I would rate Stack as an above avg eatery with solid service and atmosphere. It's a good place for a light dinner and a couple of drinks.
2	So I'm giving it a 2 star because the price is jus too much! Food - too damn expensive! Calamari $19 - It wasn't even that much, but it was good. Kobe Chili Fries - I think it was $19 or maybe $15 - Chili was good but its like they only gave 10 fries!!!! Baked potatoe $11. Chicken w?string beans - $31 - it was pretty good tho. 9 oz Filet Mignon - I heard it was good but its soooo damn small and they put it on a big @ss plate! REALLY!!!!Drinks - Cadillac Margarita - $25 - WTF!!!! its strong as hell but damn $25! I can buy a bottle of sumthin with that!if u got money to blow and u aint that hungry then this would be a good spot for u! Not a place for kids to eat, especially teenage boys!
4	I had dinner here last weekend and I was impressed.  It's a well executed casino steak house. The atmosphere was laid back and the staff was efficient.  The food was quite good as well.  We started the with spicy crab and the lobster tacos both of which were fresh and flavorful.  Everyone else in my party had steak, but I opted for the seabass with lobster risotto.  The fish was fresh and the portion was surprisingly large, however, it needed salt.  The steaks were cooked to everyone's specification and were of good quality.  The sides dishes of were tasty and inventive.  The mac and cheese was rich and creamy with bits of ham.  The whipped potatoes were light and fluffy.
4	This place rocked. It was definitely pricey (normal for Vegas) and unfortunately I was at the end of my trip and finances, so I decided to go with a macaroni ball type appetizer as my main meal. Kind of embarrassing as none of my friends had flown into town, they just drove over from LA - BUT I truly enjoyed the meal. Best mac and cheese balls I'd ever had. I liked that the location was still intimate and not set up to be packed to the gills. After fighting your way through the clubs, streets and hotels it was a nice breather. Service was also excellent.
3	Did a prix-fix menu with my group and here's a quick review:Appetizer (these aren't the exact names):Lobster taco: so-soCod lettuce wrap: a little fishyStone beef (thin slices of beef cooked on a hot stone): goodHamachi: decentSausage in a blanket: good but oilyEntree:Filet Mignon: ordered medium and it was good and tender.Served with a peppercorn and some kind of wine sauce. I used the wine one.Side:Fries: has a kick but too saltyVeggies: too saltyDessert:Mini key lime pies: goodMini blueberry cheesecake: goodOverall: 3.5
4	Our group ended up doing the Prix Fix menu which was definitely worth it.  It is pricey but not unusual for Vegas.  Their appetizers were to fantastic.  The lobster tacos were great and made you want more.  The sizzling hot rocks were so good and on the fun side to eat.  The steak was made perfectly and was delicious.  Definitely use the wine sauces provided.  The chicken was on the saltier side, but not too shabby.  Their mint ice cream brownie dessert was delicious and different.  Instead of the artificial mint taste it had more of a mint taste that was similar to Thai basil.  Ambiance was typical for a steakhouse - easy to have a conversation and intimate.  Would definitely try again.
2	Our party of 7 had a very enjoyable dinner here.  This review would have been 4 or even 5 stars, had my delicious seabass entree not made me vomit for 12 hours and the restaurant been unresponsive (or maybe indifferent?) to my phone call the next day to let them know about it.
4	My girls and I were looking for a nice dinner before we saw the LOVE show at the Mirage. We made a reservation for STACK. We were hungry, but not starving and  didn't want to break the bank. We split appetizers , skipped the drinks and had a nice, reasonably priced, filling meal. The staff was extremely attentive and kind. Our food came out pretty quickly, we didn't have to wait long at all. However, I think when our waiter realized we were going to be an appetizer only, non drink table he kind of ignored us a lil' bit but that was okay. We had:lobster tacosmac&cheesechicken wingsGreen beansSauteed spinach The food was wonderfully prepared and flavorful. The portions served 4 girls perfectly. The atmosphere was very swanky, very "Vegas" and the restaurant was great for people watching.  tip - skip the lobster tacos, they were cute, but not worth the $
5	One word describes this place:YUM!!!This was one of my favorite restaurants for steaks!! I had some delicious lobster tacos as an appetizer. (I usually don't eat seafood but  I am glad I tried it because I ended up eating 2 tacos!)My steak was so good especially with the steak sauce they accompanied it.  My dessert was creme burlee and I would def. go back there again!!
3	Came here for dinner and we had the Hot Rocks, NYC Sirloin and Seabass. The hot rock was thinly sliced sirloin cooked on a sizzling hot rock which was an interesting experience since it was my first time trying it. The sirloin steak wasn't bad with their peppercorn sauce. Seabass was also alright, a bit too fishy tasting for me but the others in my group seemed to like it. The lighting was really dark during dinner so it's a perfect date night type of place.
4	This is a tough rating.  We'll go simple with Pros/Cons.Pros: Incredible steaks - truly, one of the best steaks I have ever had anywhere (filet mignon and my husband's new york strip were perfectly cooked).  The mac and cheese is to die for.  I was jealous I didn't order this myself after tasting it.  Huge side portions for a nice steakhouse.Cons: There really isn't anywhere to sit while waiting to be seated, except on the casino floor - kind of awkward.  Also, the music is way too loud.  I know I always sound like an old lady when I say that - but there were 8 of us here for dinner at a roundtable in the center of the restaurant and I could not hear what anyone said except for the people seated immediately to either side of me.Conclusion: if you are trendier than I am, don't want to talk to your friends for an hour or so, but enjoy a great steak - you'll want to give this a go
5	Why only 3.5 stars average?  Stack, you are a gem!  Although your prices may be a little high, they are normal for Vegas. More importantly, let me extol your virtues. You have food that actually tastes good!  I have gone to some of your brethern, fancy smancy restaurants, which are listed in guide books. No guide book told me about you!  I had to wander upon you in the middle of the night. Your kobe beef burger was so scrumptious. It was large. It had a juicy well cooked medium done center. You gave me onions. You gave me truffles. You gave me flavor! I love your inventiveness and use of quality ingredients. Even, the free fries that came with my burger were wholly appropriate. I had my fill for what I paid for. You satisfied my needs, where others failed to do so. For that, I'm indebited.
4	Went to Stack with a group of people who were going to see Love.  It was pleasant dining experience.  The food and service were good and they provided excellent directions to the Love theater so I could pick up the tickets.  Would definitely return!
3	Happy hour was slow. Took 10 min for someone to take our drink and 20 min to get it. Tasted like all soda water and NO vodka. They made no effort to compensate us.
4	Food - Good. I ate the $45 price fixe menu. The lobster tacos were great, the steak was good and the dessert (some kind of mint chocolate concoction) was delicious (best part of the meal)Service - Okay. We had to wait 10 minutes before we got seated even though we had a reservationPrice - On the pricey side (2 ppl food + bottle of wine will be $100ish)
2	It only gets a 2 because the girl tending bar was so great. Movie star quality looks and a very nice person to boot. I have eaten at STACK before and thoroughly enjoyed it. This time, 10/11/11, the placed was packed with conventioneers. I sat at the bar. I ordered the Surf and Turf from the full menu. The Surf was the size of my left forefinger and I do not have large fingers. It was way over cooked and was flavorless. The Turf was a hockey puck sized piece of beef, more like 5 oz. at best, tough and gristly with no discernible beef taste. I had the Adult Tater Tots on the side, which were regular Tater Tots with some cheese infused into them. Oh, there was some other thing on the plate which might have contained some potato product. The bill for this "feast" came to $74. I had one bottle of Stella Artois. I left a $10 tip only because this gorgeous lady bartender was so nice. The place WAS packed! The kitchen may have been overwhelmed, but that is no excuse for serving up a lousy meal. They had no problem taking my $84. I don't know right now if I can trust STACK enough to give them another try.
3	Great calamari, good garbage salad but difficult to eat (everything chopped into rubble-sized bits, needed a soup spoon).  Most memorable was our grumpy server who didn't want to give dressing on side.  "We just mix it at the table".  No problem, mix it, just don't put on salad Rusty.
1	This restaurant is a nightmare! Ordered 2 appetizers, both were so small it was a joke! (plus expensive) I ordered a steak, it came out raw, I had to send it back, then it came back charred to death. Waitress was rude, it was a complete waste of $$.
4	I'd recommend the pre fixe menu here, which was $69 for a three course meal.For the appetizer, we got to try the hot rocks, where you cook thinly sliced sirloin on a hot rock at your table.  It was delicious and entertaining.I had one of their steaks for the main course.  It was nothing too memorable.The highlight was dessert where they basically give you a sampler of 4-5 of their desserts.  My favorite was the jelly doughnut holes.And I ordered a side of adult tater tots, after reading all the good reviews on them.  I was rather disappointed...not sure what the big deal is.  Just tator tots stuffed with cheese and bacon.  Maybe it was because the tator tots weren't cooked very well, it was rather dry, it would've tasted better if it were cooked a little longer and with a little more oil to give it more of a crunch.
4	I was so excited to try this place. The food was excellent. I had the organic chicken w/ thin green beans. My husband and I split the mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. The chicken was good, a little salty for my liking but very good. The green beans were very tasty. My favorite thing however was the mashed potatoes and the mac n cheese. OMG it was good and as I write this review my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Our server was attentive but a little annoyed when I said I only wanted water to drink and we weren't interested in a appetizer. All in all a good dining experience. I would definitely go back next time I am in Vegas.
5	I have come here over and over again and Stack still has the best burger I have ever had.  The penne dish is great, too!
3	I wish I could give different ratings for different levels of feelings I have for this place. If I could break it down, I'd give 1-1/2 stars for service and 4-1/2 for food, so I guess three stars is the best I can do.Really, REALLY surprised that this place is as big of a hot mess as it is, considering it's not new. It's been around for a while, but you'd think it was the newest hottest restaurant on the strip - and without giving its staff proper training. The reason I'm complaining about this first and foremost is because I was here during CES - the Consumer Electronics Show - which is in Las Vegas every year. So, one would think the staff and management would be aware of this ~little annual trade show that brings in more than 100,000 people.First off - hostess. Wow, attitude much? Honey, if you can't handle all these guests in your restaurant with grace and aplomb, might I suggest another line of part-time work? And, blaming everything from being over-booked to OpenTable is NOT the way to make sure your potential guests feel good about choosing Stack over the other amazing restaurants in Vegas. I don't know, maybe talk to the manager of comping drinks for those of us who had reservations weeks ago...or something to make us feel welcome and that you're truly sorry about the craziness of the restaurant that night. But, that's just me...We finally - FINALLY - got seated after an hour-long wait...with no one checking to see if we're okay or wanted anything to snack on while waiting or even complimentary drinks. And nary an apology was in sight. That's just f**ked up. So, after getting seated, it took forever to get a waiter over to get our menus and drink orders. What was really confusing is that one waiter came over and gave us his name and the name of this "team" that would be serving us that night...then the head guy (or who I assumed was our lead waiter since he came up to us and introduced himself) disappeared. Yeah...completely. Some other guy, who did NOT seem like a happy camper was helping us...and I'm using the term "help" loosely here. Generally don't do this, but I asked for the manager first thing. I mean, from the way the hostess treated us to the ridiculous wait for a waiter... *sigh* The manager seems like a nice guy, but I don't think he's well-respected by his staff. Nothing much changed.Anyway...enough of that. Now about the food. I have to give the kitchen major props. Though, I should preface this by saying we were STARVING, so I don't know how biased I am about the food...The food is great. That pretty much sums it up. My part of eight ordered a variety of appetizers and sides as appetizers and wow. Portions are on the small side, but if you order a variety, your entire party can enjoy little bites and not ruin their appetites. From the garbage salad and tater-tots to the pigs-in-a-blanket and chicken wings...we pretty much finished everything on all these small plates. Entrees were good-sized portions, we had steaks to chicken to pasta - and everyone cleaned off their plates. No complaints...and considering we staved off our hunger with the appetizers, I think it's a good sign that the food was actually good.Dessert was as good as I've had in any restaurant...not too sickeningly sweet, but not so bland you wondered why you even bothered, The sampler dessert plate is the way to go for a little bit of everything for a larger party, especially if not everyone is into desserts.So, to sum up my ridiculously long rant? If you can get past the unprofessional front of the house staff and you don't go during a major trade show where there are a ton of people around...then I recommend Stack.
4	YUM and FUN! Everything is mini.- I had the smallest BLT sandwich ever, I could have eaten 5 of them!-Corn soup= awesome!-Adult tater tots are nothing special (hash browns formed around a cheese curd). -Lobster tacos are tiny but delicious.  -The meat cooked on a hot rock is weird. -The mini doughnuts with dipping sauce are amazing. I can't stop thinking about those doughnuts!!! Just go already!
5	I am giving my favorite steakhouse in Vegas 5 stars, but caution those who can get sticker shock when the bill arrives ,to order very carefully!!!  The beginning! Yellowtail Crunch and the Hot Rocks(sirloin you cook yourself) are a fantastic start. The Pan Seared Dumplings are good as well. If they have the crab sticks( i believe that was the name) order them! Amazing!!  Now to the salads. Love their garbage salad, very unique combinations of different favors. Their Caesar is good as well...VEry pricey on both $15-18 !  Now to the main course:  The ultimate steak for 2 is 40oz of incredible meat!! It comes with delicious Potatoes and 2 amazing sauces. Its a whopping $94. Their filet is very good! The Seabass has a very tasty broth over it and the Kobe Burger with Onion Rings is excellent as well. For dessert I have only tried the key lime pie and it was very good. In conclusion, the service is always excellent at Stack with attention to every detail. For large parties they have a curtained area in the back that can seat 20 or so. The prices are very expensive but the food is excellent and those steak sauces!!! mmmmmmmm!!  \
1	Ted THE BEST BARTENDER in VEGAS, we got screwed on the prix fix menu and reservations for New Years.  mgr compd drinks, waited for food, total bummer, food was 3/5...ted6/5, mgmt 0/5, organization 0/5.
4	Sunday night we had tickets to see the 9:30 Cirque du Soliel show at the Mirage, so we knew we'd be eating dinner there.  Earlier in the day we were walking that side of the strip (we were staying at Mandalay Bay) and stopped in to gamble a little and find a dinner option.We first made a reservation at Kokomos, but after seeing  the menu at Stack, changed our minds and transferred the reservation.  I've never eaten at Kokomos, but after eating at Stack, I'm happy with our decision.When we made the reservation we asked how long a typical dining experience is, as we had show tickets.  We were told an hour and a half, which is fine with me, I enjoy a leisurely meal.I ordered a glass of Prosecco, which the BF upgraded to a bottle and shared with me.  We had the spicy crab appetizer, which was we both really enjoyed, the textures, temperatures, and flavors were all perfect.The showpiece of our meal was definitely the "steak for two," a 40oz porterhouse, served with whipped potatoes and two sauces.  We figured, if we were both going to order a steak, it would be more cost effective to order the one.  We were right.  And it was delicious.  It came sliced, so we could grab one piece at a time instead of trying to share off of the same plate while cutting from the bone.  The sauces were both great, the BF thought the peppercorn sauce was good, but too sweet to be called peppercorn. We skipped dessert, even though the selections were all delicious looking.My only complaint about Stack is the seating.  We were sat in a corner booth, and I was looking directly at the table next to us, which was seated so close that we could hear their conversation.All in all, it was a delicious experience.
1	LOUD, overpriced and under portioned. Waste of money. Walk out the casino front door and cross the street and go to McDonalds. I'm so disappointed!
4	a good choice for a pre-show meal if you're watching Love at The Mirage -- bf's steak was decent (although a smidge overcooked) and my "garbage" salad (that's what it's called!) was perfection.and yes, i'm also a little embaressed that i ordered a SALAD, (i'm really not one of those girls that orders SALAD at dinner) but really it was what i wanted and it was good goshdarnit! so leave the judgment aside and move along...
5	Lets just say for our last dinner in Vegas this was "the" spot to end our perfect visit to sin city! Super sheek,great service, great vibe, feel is good and the menu..Wow!! We ordered off the restaurant week menu (love restaurant week) For my first course: King crab tacos perfect portion, Second course: Flank steak with mashed potatoes (which comes with a peppercorn steak sauce and a wine sauce I prefer peppercorn sauce) Third course: Doughnuts filled with raspberry sauce and vanilla dipping sauce (aaaaaamazing) of course you will have to force feed your self at this point because you are so stuffed, but want to finish these things. Wash it down with their pineapple mojito and you are golden. Restaurant week or not, I will certainly come back again. Lastly make sure to ask for bread which are "popovers" at this location all baked to order served with honey chives butter..Simply delicious!
2	The victim here is the culinary staff. Party of 3 and we ordered the penne pasta, the filet, and the tomahawk steak for entrees. Tater tots, gratin potatoes, and asparagus as sides. Jelly donuts for dessert. Everything was excellent. I mean delicious! Wish I could say the same for the front of the house. Checked in for an 8pm reservation and did not get seated until 8.15pm. I feel the reservation didn't do anything. When I made the reservation, I noted we were celebrating a birthday. Now I don't expect a free sundae like it's an Applebees or anything, but not a single person acknowledged the birthday.  We were sent to the bar after not getting seated for our 8pm reservation. It took them 15 minutes (up until the time we were seated) to get drinks. Then, there was a confusing 5 min conversation about transferring the charges to our table. My guess is they found 4 of the most attractive women they could find that never worked a day in food service, and hired 2 as hostesses and the other 2 as bartenders.  The service staff at the table was ok, but when the bill is $300 for 3 people, I expected more. All in all, 5 stars for food, minus 1 for price-to-quality ratio, minus 1 for blowing the reservation, minus 1 for not acknowledging the birthday.  Would not go back.
3	Hostess who was obviously a model.Too dark to see the menu.$19 cocktails.Ambient house music adding to the pretentious vibe.Yeeeeeah, I know it's Vegas, but "chic" doesn't have to mean "stick up ass."All of us ordered from the Restaurant Week menu, the steak on which was actually quite good. The champagne I ordered instead of a cocktail was also great, although they ran out after my bottle...mystere... Service was fine, though it took ages to get from one course to another. We sat for 2 hours before getting entrees.Unfortunately, one of my friends fell ill while we were there (not from the food, don't be scared!), so we couldn't stay to soak up the pretentiousness. Eh well. Can't say I'll come back.
2	The dinner started poorly as the hostesses could not find my reservation.  The experience was improved somewhat by the Hot Rocks small plate which included thinly sliced sirloin placed upon a heated rock to cook the meat.  Unfortunately the restaurant only provided a minimal amount of meat with the hot rock and as a growing Monkey a few slices clearly was not enough.  The 9 oz Petite Filet was uninspired at best.  If you are looking for steaks in Las Vegas then do not come here.  Mr Massie and the Light Group will need to improve this restaurant or they will continue their slide.
5	Food was EXCELLENT!!!  The atmosphere was great, employees were all friendly, and the hot rock appetizer was awesome!!  A must go on the strip!!!
1	I would not waste my time or money for this over priced dark place.  The price was way out of line of what you received.  The service was bad, the food was the smallest portion ever for a $50 dollar seafood platter and an $18 dollar salad.  The tables were wobbly and the wait staff seemed inconvenienced to fix them promptly. There are much better places in Vegas.  Not sure how this one stays in business in this town.
4	I have come here on my last two trips to Vegas for one reason only-the 2LB LOBSTER STUFFED WITH RITZ CRACKERS AND CRABMEAT.Seriously, enough said.
5	Out of all of the fine dining I've done in Vegas, Stack is probably my favorite, and is consistently fantastic.  Are there better places in town to get a steak? Seafood? Trendy appetizers? Yes, but Stack is one of the few places that offers all of these things on one menu, and it is all CONSISTENTLY good.  The bottom line: I've never had anything less than an exception meal from the 6 or 7 meals I've had at Stack. The menu is always being tweaked and added to, and seasonal, price-fixed, and event based menus are commonly available (such as for the rodeo), and can be very enticing if you catch a special menu that interests you.  All of the food I've had here is great and would recommend everything I've had.  The appetizers are wonderful, specificially the hibachi lettuce cups, the steaks are simple but executed perfectly, and the desserts are light and a perfect way to end the meal (I would suggest the mini donut holes).  The service is not the best here, but it always good - my only complains would be that 1) even with a reservation, I typically find myself waiting in the bar for up to 20 minutes waiting on a table, and 2) this place gets LOUD during peak hours on Friday and Saturday nights.  If you are looking for a nice, quiet, intimate meal with a lot of conversation, you might want to look elsewhere.
5	ABSOLUTE FAVORITE STEAK HOUSE OF ALL TIME!Amazing steaks! Extremly intresting and delicious appetizers and desserts!VERY EXPENSIVE!
3	Came here for a fancy dinner during a bachelorette party weekend. Had reservations for 12 ppl on a Saturday.  The interior is very inviting. The wall decor is unique. I can tell a lot of money was invested.  The menu was preset, so that was good that I didn't have to think of what to order.Shared appetizers: Hot rock slices of beef app was interesting. You cook thin slices of meat on this 600 degree rock.  Novelty at best.  Tuna tartare? on a cracker was good.Mini lamb gyros, delicious. But they brought out 8 pcs total. Uh...there are 12 of us?Entree:Filet mignon. It was better than your average steak, but not filet mignon status.  Had a pat of butter melting atop when served. Side dishes:Although tasty, here's where it gets ugly. 1 SMALL bowl each of mashed potatoes, broccolini and green beans, and french fries.  Really? There are 12 of us at this table!  We each got like 1 tablespoon potatoes, 3 strands of green beans and/or broccolini, and a few fries.  Ridiculous.Desserts:Mini key lime cheesecakes.  Very goodRasberry filled donut holes? with dipping sauce.  Also good. A plus that they were warm.I think our bill came out to $850.  Overpriced, but an overall nice experience.  I think we would've been better off at Ruth's Chris or the like.
5	Amazing doesn't even explain how incredible the food is here! Not only was the decor marvelous but the ambiance was terrific and the service excellent. The food was oh so delicious. This place has become my new favorite place in Vegas! Crabmeat tacos are a must try for anyone dining here- they are unbelievably delicious!!Came here for husband's birthday several days ago and we're still talking about how good everything was. The interior is unlike any other steakhouse and the presentation took our breaths away. Some of the reviews here say, overpriced, but look- this is a STEAKHOUSE. It's not a sterile, stuffy kind of steakhouse, it is trendy and fun. And it's not overpriced when compared to other steakhouses in vegas.For starts we ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for our table. After being seated we ordered cucumber martinis ($19) and the crab tacos for appetizer ($19). The crab tacos are wonderful but small so don't think it'll be enough for your meal. For the meal, I ordered the Pan Roasted Chicken ($28) with baby veggies instead of green beans which they were more than happy to change for me and my husband ordered the 24oz Tomahawk Rib Eye ($54) with a side of the Bacon and Brie Tator Tots ($10). The food Wowed us, everything that was brought out made me want to take a picture of it. The server Deena was super nice and the place couldn't have been more perfect plus they had real candles on the table which was the cherry on top. I highly recommend this for anyone celebrating a birthday or who just wants to have a great time at a superior steakhouse.
5	I don't even know where to start on this review. This was probably the best meal I have ever had in the last 10 years. Hands down. To start, the menu has a great selection of appetizers, courses, and sides that are easy to mix and match. Appetizers:Hot Rock: Thinly sliced layers of beef that you cook on a 600 degree rock. We actually ordered a second round, because the beef literally melts in your mouth. The rock also adds an element of danger, which we found quite exciting.Yellowtail Crunch: I'm not a raw fish person at all, and I loved this. Rock Shrimp: Not my favorite dish of the night, but the thai chili sauce was fantastic.Dinner:Garbage Salad: For my gluten free friend, we ordered the garbage salad. You could tell a lot of love went into this salad. Everything was chopped up and mixed to perfection. I was eyeing the hearts of palm and blue cheese crumbles.2 lb Maine Lobster: Yes, this was definitely my order. This could have been my last meal on earth and I would have been happy. The lobster was stuffed with a ritz cracker stuffing and had fresh drawn butter. I might even cry just remembering that part of the meal.Side Dishes:Adult Tator Tats: The cutest presentation. It came on one of those petite cast iron dishes with a mason type jar of ketchup. The tots were filled with bacon and brie. Amazing.Whipped Potatoes & Baked Mac & Cheese: The Mac and Cheese won this round. I would go back to Stack just for the Mac & Cheese. It had smoked ham, peas, and a crunchy topping. Adult junk food at its finest.Dessert:We were so full at this point, but I refused to leave without trying something, so we settled on the Banana Cream Pies with malted chocolate ice cream. Everything tasted homemade, and it rivaled even my favorite banana pudding at Magnolia's in New York. I wish we could have tried the jelly doughnuts or molten chocolate cake, but that gives us a good reason to go back.
3	We were in Vegas for a Bachelor/Bachelorette party, so we decided that the 20 of us would enjoy our first meal in Vegas  here. We waited a few minutes for our reservations and eventually were seated at a long table. We did have 2 split tables so about 10 at each one (the benefit of this was when the bill came).Everything on the menu looked good, but I knew I wanted to the crab and Jalapeno tacos. My friend and I decided to share 2 appetizers and a salad.So, about 10-15 minutes later one of our appetizers arrives! We look around our table and make sure it's ours and then start devouring it. About another 15 minutes later our 2nd appetizer arrives (which should be the tacos), but our appetizer is definitely not tacos.We tell the waiter that we should have recieved the tacos and he insists that we are the ones that are incorrect (how dare we accuse him for bringing the wrong appetizer). He says we probably ate the wrong 1st appetizer. He leaves for a few minutes and then says, yea you ate his food and he ate yours. Hmmm that's werid, because you guys put that food in front of US and not our friend who is 2-3 seats down. Both of the appetizers that we ordered had tuna, so had no idea we were eating the wrong appetizer. The only attempt at rectifying the situation was, "so would you like me to order you something else", no I'd rather not spend another $19 on appetizer that I should have been given, thanks anyway.What was even more crushing was the tacos were the one thing on the menu I was looking forward to eating. :(Anyway, despite the horrible server, I thought the food was good. We got the garbage salad and the portion was good enough the share and I thought it was delicious. Both of our tuna appetizers were also tasty, and I snuck half of a friends Tater tots and liked those!Oh make sure you order the popovers! And hopefully you get seated in a different area as we did...and if you didn't know this dining rule now you do: It is your responsibility to make sure you are eating the correct appetizer.
5	Make reservations!!! If you don't you might be able to eat at the bar.  The bar area waitresses might be a little slow but they look like they are models that serve.  The back restaurant sections has professional waitstaff. The food was excellent.  Great place if you are staying at the Mirage or going to one of the Mirage's clubs for a moderately priced really nice meal. Don't forget to make reservations!!
4	Our first time dining here. The hubs and I had an awesome meal, and we would definitely come back. Cool atmosphere, great food and customer service. We really liked our waitress (can't remember her name). We had:-garbage salad (yummy)-split a Brooklyn filet - so delicious, no need for salt, pepper or the two great sauces it comes with. Steak was perfectly cooked, and the filet...oMG, so tender. Can cook a better steak than craftsteak, and craftsteak is good, when they cook the meat right.-Mac and cheese (DEE-licious. Lots of flavor and nice visible pieces of bacon and peas). most mac and cheese in restaurants are bland. that is not an issue here.the only downside: the popovers. I read on Yelp to ask for them, because they don't automatically give them to you. So we asked for them, and the mgr (?) said sure - it's not something that they bring out normally, but there's no charge. Well they look good, but boy, I could have used them as doorstops. Ours were extremely over baked, dry and hard. We picked them apart and only ate the insides and left a crusty massacre in the basket; they probably thought, why did they ask for it if they weren't going to eat it ? Oh well that's okay, we had enough in our stomachs anyway. If they fix this popover situation, then all would be perfect.Probably just e's it's pricey but no more than the other steakhouses/nice joints in Vegas. We're glad we discovered this!
4	The portions here are very small, especially the "small plates" -  - it would definitely take 2 or 3 small plates to fill up a person.  Small plates are definitely over priced as well.
5	Stack is awesome!!!We ate here a few years ago and discovered the adult tater tots.  Oh.Em.Gee.  Wow, that just makes Ore Ida seem like a waste of a potato!  We made sure to order them again this time and once again, they had our eyes rolling back in our heads!!  So good!I ordered the pineapple mojito before I realized it was $20- yikes! But I'm glad I did b/c it was delicious!!!!!  Our entire meal was too for that matter.  -I went w/ the lamb ribs- they were extremely tender, super flavorful and the sauce that was all over them was rich and complimented the dish perfectly.-My husband got the filet and it was cooked absolutely perfectly and practically melted in your mouth.  Any steak that doesn't taste like this is a disservice to the cow!-My brother in law got the spaghetti w/ meat sauce and said it was wonderful- they didn't skimp on the meat sauce either, it looked rustic and tasty.-My sister in law got a medley of things- the gourmet pigs in a blanket, the tater tots, and the twice baked potatoes- all got two thumbs up from her as well.Everytime we've got there its half empty- and I have no idea why- this place is fantastic!  But its nice that we don't ever have to wait to get a table.
4	Stack was definitely not the steakhouse restaurant I was expecting. While the decor fit the restaurant theme- dim mood lighting and dark, rich wood walls- the menu was a bit more "fun" than your average steakhouse. We started with the following apps:Pigs in a blanket- FUN! Who has pigs in a blanket on the menu. Great lil smoky sausages wrapped in buttery flaky pastry served with a small carafe of BBQ sauce. Good stuff.Yellowtail Crunch- Mini "tostadas" of fresh diced yellowtail, mixed with a slightly spicy sauce and served a top a crispy won ton disk. Yum!Adult Tater Tots- Now I'm not a fan of Brie, but fry it up and mix it up with bacon, oh yeah, everything is better with bacon :) Great!!Pan Seared Dumplings- Steamed, pillowy soft clouds of a chicken/pork/veggie mix. Great crisp "crust" on the base from the sear served with a zingy soy dipping sauce. For my main dish, I chose the Petite Filet Mignon. A 9oz filet, tender and simply seasoned. Mm, mmm!We also got a few sides for our main courses:Crunchy Steakhouse Fries- Crispy, thick cut potatoes with truffle oil and parmesan. Yum!Baked Mac 'n' Cheese- This looked good, but truth be told as someone who doesn't do well with too much cheese, I passed on this one. Green Bean- we needed at least some green! Simply crisp steamed green beans. Because we hadn't indulged enough...we had to have dessert!Banana Cream Pie Bites- Petite mini bites of a smooth banana cream pie. Munchkin Jelly Donuts- Sugar coated puffs of jelly filled donuts.Service was prompt, friendly and efficient. Food came out well timed but quick. Refills provided and plates cleared promptly. A bit more of a casual steakhouse, with some fun, yummy offerings not normally found in other steakhouses. I really enjoyed my meal and the service was great. I would definitely return!
5	We came to STACK by accident as we missed our previous dinner reservations at Gordon Ramsey. But this accident was a blessing in disguise. I started the evening with a cucumber martini - dressed with tomatoes and a cucumber sliver - sexy, refreshing, sinful. To start we enjoyed some oysters - complemented with an onion vinegar dressing horseradish and cocktail sauce - they were mouthwatering. My boyfriend also started with the Bibb Wedge Salad - butter lettuce complemented with a savory blue cheese vinaigrette - wonderful. For our main we shared the 14oz Brooklyn Filet and King Crab and the Adult Tater Tots - the filet was like butter, the crab like silk on your tongue and the tots they left you breathless - a combination so stunning, it's like a little piece of heaven in your mouth. For dessert, we enjoyed the Bon Bons - the most amazing little bits of minty chocolate goodness. The service was phenomenal and the dining experience was superb. I would highly recommend going here for a wonderful culinary experience.
5	We have had the pleasure of eating great steaks from NYC to KC to LaJolla - Stack is as good as any of them!  We have the small filet and frankly, it may have been the most tender piece of meat we have had - really outstanding.We also enjoyed the 2 lb Maine lobster, thought it might be to much for our relatively small appetites but, it was just incredible
4	Great ambiance! Live DJ and dim lighting. The wait and bar staff are very good. The food is a little over priced for what they offer. Portions are typical of high end restraints, so I expected more flavor. Not as much bang for the buck. But if you are looking for a chill, classy spot to get a fun fruity drink, this is the spot!
5	Their Kobe burger was the best burger I have ever had on my time on this earth. Also, the waitresses are gorgeous.
5	I stay at the Mirage about twice year and have done so for about 4 years now.  You think in all that time I'd have tried STACK a few times.  Nope.  Let me explain why.If like me you frequent the Mirage, there are two perimeter choices that make more sense.  KOKOMOS is also a steak house, but with a nicer setting and ambiance.  KOKs is in the casino by the waterfalls and flora, which makes it feel 'outside' somehow, whereas STACK is one of the 'holes' in the resort's restaurant row.  So why pay through the eyeballs for steak at STACK where KOK's offers the same in a nicer spot?  Not that rolling wooden interior of STACK isn't pretty, but it could use windows above or on the sides or both to the real world.  Also, if you just want a beef fix, BLT BURGER offers burgers in a more informal open air location by the RHUMBAR and is FAR less expensive.This all sounds so critical, and yet you plainly see five stars.  Please be patient.  Give me time to explain my partner in crime is vegetarian and we needed quick eats.  So spying the menu we saw a tomato soup, a tuna tartar, and other quick munchies.  Were they quick?  Yes, but that's because we asked for speed and we were oh so early.  Were they inexpensive or even reasonable?  Umm... no.. but let me explain.Firstly, we ate in the bar area.  Our wait persons were lovely ladies.  They even bussed.  Think about that for a moment.  Models in those Vegas Baby short skirts... bussing the table.  Didn't expect that, right?  And they weren't sleazy party babes but classy young women.  This had an impact on the meal, since we were feeling... spoiled.Out comes this silly tomato soup and an extra bowl.  In that bowl is a butter (homemade?) and perhaps some seasoning (?).  The soup is poured in from a tiny metal pot the size of a coffee mug,  We stir, we swirl, we taste.  Ambrosia.  Perfect temperature to work slowly on but in minutes no hesitation was needed.  Beside these soups were two of the smallest grilled cheese fingerfood sandwiches ever.  Even the bread crust was removed.  And so you feel angry you must ration out bites between your sips of soup.  But it turns you don't have to.  The cheese is goat cheese and each bite is so rich it's like a slice of cheesecake.  Heaven. My tuna tartar seemed small but was so flavorfu; that it and the soup filled me.  (That's a healthy 'meal' for $30.)   My partner had a blue cheese wedge.  Not a merciless stiff chunk of iceberg but a butter lettuce bouguet anointed with cheese and nuts that was so beautiful we took a picture of it.  Really.What we realized just between three plates it that we've missed a fabulous restaurant hiding right before our eyes for years.  I've never seen a soul in the nearby Chinese restaurant, the Ondo is a pass , Kokomos should be a Houstons, and so it's TOO EASY to ignore STACK.  Don't.Don't ignore STACK.  We WILL return for an actual meal, even if that means eating in the dim but elegant dungeon within.  It's a romantic looking spot but I get a little claustraphobie without windows.TWO MAJOR CRITICISMS:  this place should either be open for lunch or willing to deliver affordable eats right to the pool.  Also:  no beer on tap?  Are you kidding?  That's what falls out of the back of a bull.  Make a deal with New Belgium beers and only serve their amazing brews.  Please.
5	we loved this place were pearl status M life card members. So we were able to eat here for free. Because of our free comps we received from gambling. the pigs in a blanket were exquisite. My soda was delicious and fit for a queen my husband enjoyed there beer selection. we both order the 2 pound lobster. it had ritz crackers and crab mixed in it. The way the flavors came together was amazing the salt from the crackers really infused this meal. If i went there again i would eat the same thing! the meal was filling and the service divine.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of food served here at stack. As always, nothing comes cheap at a restaurant like this. But ah, the food was great. and service went smoothly too. Ambience is dark, sleek, and intimate. So it makes for a pleasant dining experience. The dj is in the back drop playing various types of music. Nothing super loud.Started with the the dumplings appetizer. Main course was the 9 oz filet. With a baked potato side. Ended with chocolate lava cake dessert. No bread was offered, as others have stated. But no harm done. Its a legit restaurant. And I'd come back. I'd recomend a reservation just in case.
3	If you're a steakhouse in Vegas you need to do something different to stand out. STACK's solution to that challenge is to hire the most beautiful hostesses and bartenders in the city (really, these young women are gorgeous) and then not train for a single hour in their jobs. Me and my friend went here for a late-ish dinner after seeing LOVE at the Mirage on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was far from full. It has a very modern, minimalist, dimly lighted decor reminiscent of several of Vegas's new line of "chic" steak joins such as BOA and N9NE. The problem was that it took the hostesses almost 20 minutes to find us a table, a problem that was compounded when they didn't know how to transfer our drinks from the bar to the restaurant bill. Also the drinks here are overpriced, even by Vegas standards ($18-19 each) and the bartenders, albeit friendly and pretty, are far from noted mixologists. My friend's martini was made so sweet that it was undrinkable while mine was just flat and supremely forgettable. The best part of the menu are the appetizers; the Pigs in a Blanket are a fun dish not often found in similar venues and I enjoyed the adult tater odds. Me and my friend split the Chateubrand steak for 2 with whipped potatoes on the side and thought that it was a nice cut of meat but not in the same class as Delmenico's, PRIME, CUT, or the dearly departed Nero's. Yet you will be well fed and probably too full to try out desert. The restaurant seems to have a prix-fixe that goes for around 50-60 which I've heard good things about but the restaurant does a bad job advertising it. Finally, STACK wins the award for most unnecessary bathroom attendant on the Strip. A bathroom as clausterophic and cramped as STACK's is no place for a man in a tux to stand behind the door (and essentially sneak up on you when you try to wash your hands).
4	I wasn't sure if Stack was going to be hit with my group.  We arrived around 5:30 for dinner on Friday night.  Among a group of 4, we had the baby veggies, adult tater tots, seabass, garbage salad, tomahawk ribeye and the sirloin.  All of us were extremely happy with our dinners.  The service was very good (if a tad bit slow), and very friendly.  The only disappointment was with the adult tater tots, which seemed a bit hyped up.  The prices are a bit high for what you get, but the food was delicious, and it is Vegas.  I would highly recommend coming here if you're in the Mirage to stay or to see a show.
4	Beautiful!  Just Beautiful!  went here for dinner before we hit the Cirque show "Love"....I started with the Cucumber Martini and oh boy!...Dangerously good....smooth...For apps...Yellowtail Tartare was good, Tater Tots were tasty and fantastically crunchy..portions were a little small but i'm a big eater so if it's not slopping over my plate...it's considered a small portion.But the star of the night was my 24oz Bone in Ribeye.  Ordered rare...and it was cooked to perfection  with a slight char on the outside and extremely tender inside.A little pricey but definitely worth it....
5	Fantastic spot for a fun group dinner in Vegas! We had a table of 12 hungry girls but they easily accommodated our party. We did a prix fixe menu. We started with the "pigs in a blanket," Caesar salads and spicy chicken wings. Everything was delicious. You could taste the anchovy lightly in the caesar and the wings and 'pigs' were hard not to devour. Each came with wonderful dipping sauces! For our entrees we had the roast chicken, truffle penne with proscuitto and peas and mashed potatoes and broccoli. The mashed potatoes were the best I've had in a long time. Raspberry filled donuts came out for dessert with a vanilla dipping sauce... Yum! Great meal before a night out dancing!
5	Dining at the Mirage before our show proved to be one of the best ideas we had all week.  After going to quite a few steakhouses on the strip, this one may be one of my favorites.  Decent beer selection, cool flowy wood decor, dark and candlelit interior, awesome food, and nice presentation too (if you care about that stuff).  We ended up getting a Caesar Salad (Good...I especially liked the fresh ground pepper that gets whipped out of the special belts that the servers wear.  Ha.), the Bone-Out Petite Filet (Juicy and delicious!), and the Colorado Lamb Rack (OHMYGODHEAVENLY.  I don't know what was in that red wine jus but I was sopping up EVERY LAST DROP of it.).  For sides we also added on some Whipped Potatoes (Yes, they ARE actually better than Mom's.  Sorry, Mom.) and the Crunchy Steak House Fries (Nice and crispy with parmesan shreds sprinkled and baked on and a good mayo dipping sauce.  Only wish there was more truffle oil on these.).  I will definitely be back...although I will skip the stupid Beatles' Cirque afterwards...but that's another story.
2	This was our first dinner stop in Vegas and while it was good, it wasn't anything compared to most places I've eaten in that town. Cocktails were decent (the "Impeared" was delicious), so be sure to pick one of those out. The mini lamb gyros were pretty good. The adult tater tots (with brie and bacon inside!) were okay, although others in my group really liked them. They are extra-large and only go so far as an appetizer. I would skip on the little kabobs of meat, though. Absolutely nothing special at all. The service was just okay - also nothing special. They don't stay open late (the kitchen was closing at 10 on a Wednesday) and unless you enter the restaurant, it looks pretty empty even when it's pretty bustling.Final verdict: it's okay if you're looking for something inside Mirage, but keep in mind it's probably not even in my top 10 for Vegas.
4	What a GREAT place for a restaurant smack dab in the middle of the casino floor. Went there this past weekend and left feeling awesome about my meal and experience.It's a steak house - my companion is a voracious meat eater while I only eat seafood. Danger, right? WRONG. All steaks aged 28 days and the verdict on the 14 oz bone in filet was a thumbs up. My tuna tartare was insanely good, caesar salad was great too. We also went with sauteed veggies and the gratin potatoes. While we skipped dessert - we only did so because we were full. Cocktails and wine list were both great as well- try the cucumber martini! I would say if you're on the strip and looking for a great meal in a lively (sometimes loud) atmosphere - check it out. You won't be disappointed.
3	One of the 'coolest' restaurants in Vegas. The atmosphere is electrifying. The food is good and it is inside the Fabulous Mirage!
5	Great choice when you are on the strip   I got treated to Love show. We came here before. Nice variety of dishes to share to start. Crab with jalapeno tacos and tuna tartare were great. Very fresh. I was impressed by both the steak and seabass. Both were cooked well. All came at a good pace so we'd be on time for the show- priceless. My drink special was really good! We managed to fit in one dessert to share - donuts! Fun!
5	I've been here numerous times with a variety of dining partners/groups.  Stack delivers consistently good food and beverage with nice service.  The vibe is cool.  It's a bit more hipster than the Mirage casino, so don't rule it out entirely on its location.  I love the wavy wood thing going on with the ceiling.  The music is loud, so it's a good place for amping up for your night out.  The ambiance is a bit frenetic if you're looking for a romantic spot.This is a good place for small plates and sharing.  Things to order:  hot rocks (order the hot rocks!), shellfish tier (awesome sauces), steak fries, cucumber martini.  They used to have AWESOME kobe beef chili cheese fries but they took that off the menu.  Boo!  This is always a safe bet.  Sometimes, that's exactly what you need in Vegas.
4	Drinks were solid and the service was pretty good.
4	A girl's gotta fuel up before embarking on a long shopping expedition. Thank you, Stack, for providing the much needed fuel! I enjoyed a heavenly egg white omelette at Stack along with a soy latte (soy milk is a rare find in Vegas). The potatoes/home fries were prepared brilliantly; seasoned to perfection and not at all greasy or overwhelming. The cheese was delicately melt atop the omelette which I've never seen before. It made for the perfect distribution of cheese taste. The bartender/waiter (we had to sit at the bar) was attentive and thoughtful. He went in the back to dig up soy milk for me and provided us with to-go cups of ice water to withstand the rigors of our shopping trip in Ceasar's Forum. (He offered, we didn't ask).  Overall, it was a wonderful non-gourmet experience and by far superior to any other fast, American style restaurant we tried while in Vegas. Highly recommended!
4	went to stack with my wife and have to say we will be back..great food and service
5	I love the little wings here and the hot rocks and the pigs in a blanket. The seafood platter is amazing. We were there on a Friday and the live Dj added to the atmosphere. This is a good time for a group of girls looking to have fun in Vegas. I'll definitely be back!
5	We recently went to Las Vegas and ate at Stack which we loved. We went to Stack around 5:30 before seeing "Love". If you make an early reservation, you will receive excellent customer service like we did from Vince. He was extremely friendly and gave us some great recommendations. All four of our meals were super yummy. I also like the atmosphere of the restaurant, yes it's a little on the dark side but very cool.
5	Outstanding..The place itself is in the middle of the Mirage Resort. Ate there before the Beatles Love Cirque De Soliel show at the Mirage. Decor is awesome..dimly lit, candles on each table, dark stacked wood on the walls. We had reservations and got right in.Had steaks and pan roasted chicken that was juicy and thick. Long crispy green beans that were very tasty, along with Adult Tater Tots with Brie and Bacon. I am not a food reviewer, but it was very good.Pricy - about $175 for both us, but we had wine also - several glasses. Highly recommend this place for a classy night out.
2	I can't figure out what this place is trying to be. Is it a bar with bumping club music, or a fancy restaurant? The two don't mix well! Is it a steakhouse? I don't like a cheap thin tasteless cut up for me steak. Everything here was bad to mediocre, from the salad to the sides and definitely the "steak". It is difficult to have a conversation over your meal as well. The service was friendly and attentive, earning the extra star.
3	As with most reviews for this place, we ate prior to Beatles Love Cirque Du Soleil.  Not to start off as a sexist creep, but the skimpy skirts the waitresses had on were the reason I gave them 3 stars in lieu of 2.  Wow.  We had 7:00 reservations and arrived early to grab a drink at the bar.  Very cool bar area with plenty of casual seating in an upscale restaurant.  Prior to grabbing a drink at the bar, we checked in with the hostess to let her know we had arrived.  Despite reservations at 7:00, we weren't seated until a little after 7:30.  This reminded me of a Seinfeld episode ... they had no problem "taking" the reservation ... they just couldn't "hold" the reservation ... and that's the most important part!We were seated in the way back in a more private (and roomy) area, which was nice.  The server introduced himself and said he and another gentleman would be taking care of us.  What we didn't know was that "taking care" had a different meaning to them, I suppose.  We had terrible/slow service the entire night and at one point EVERY single glass at the table needed a refill (no exageration).  There were only 6 of us, but apparently the table of 10 next to us (and seated 10 minutes after we put in our order) had no problem getting their food before us.As for the food ... it was phenomenal.  This is where they made up for crummy service.  As a table, we had the big seafood tower appetizer, which was fantastic.  I had a bone-in ribeye that was cooked to perfection along with a twice-baked potato.  The place was pricey, but we knew that having looked at the menu ahead of time, so no big deal.  Our table of 6 probably spent somewhere in the $600 range.  Too bad for Stack they seated us 35 minutes late or else we would have had dessert, coffee, and after-dinner drinks as well (probably another $150).  Instead, we had to book it to Beatles Love.So ... the Quick and Dirty review:Atmosphere - Great (scantily clad waitresses, dimly lit restaurant, good music)Service - Poor (wasted reservation, lack of attention)Food - Fantastic (seafood tower, steak, and twice-baked potato were all delicioso)Summary - Service is more important than anything ... Stack disappointed in this area.  However, they make up for it in the menu and atmosphere.
4	Very good food and average price for Las Vegas.  Some interesting menu items and the big long island bar is a great place to eat for faster service, especially if you are with a large group.  They have a good wine selection.  A couple interesting selections including Adult Tater Tots with Brie and Bacon.  The parmesan truffled fries were actually too rich for even normal truffle fans.  The sea bass with lobster risotto was very good and other members of the group raved about their steaks.
5	I've been to Stack 3 times: 2007, 2009, & just last week (2012). I would consider the place is 'fine dining' because of the atmosphere, casino location, prices, & dining style. Food has wonderful taste, great service, & nice clean vibes. Calamari is crunchy. Buffalo chicken is okay. Jalapeno king crab tacos taste fresh. Hot rocks are tasty and fun. The stack burger is juicy and filling. Appetizers are very small portions but hey, they're appetizers & fancy places are always small portions. I recommend sharing a couple appetizers. I'll definitely be back! Come thirsty, looking pretty, & you got a nice date!
5	My boyfriend took me here for our 1-year anniversary, and it was fantastic.  We both love steak and were staying at the Mirage, which made getting dressed up to go out very easy!We knew it would be pricey, but I know for the perfect steak it is worth the price.  For every steakhouse I base my review on the cut of steak they started with, and how it is cooked.  Some places start out with a bad cut of meat and still cook it right, and other places have a beautiful slab of meat that they absolutely destroy.  And depending on the repuation of a place, I will order the rareness of my steak differently.  When we had dinner at Stack, I took the risk and ordered my ribeye steak medium.  It was called the Tomahawk steak with the bone in. When it came to the table, I was floored... it was a beautiful thick-cut ribeye still attached to the full bone, which extended impressively off the plate about 12" or more!  The presentation alone was magnificent.  And then the taste was spot on... they used a type of herbed butter, but it did not take away from the taste at all.  It was a perfect medium, not too rare and not overcooked.  It is places like this that make me want a steak dinner every day! My boyfriend ordered the fillet... and it was perfectly tender.... almost like butter! I am so glad he shared a bite with me.We also shared the asparagus with truffle hollandaise which complemented the steak perfectly.To finish it all off, we had the creme brulee with cherries... it was fantastic! Again, the presentation was so fanciful, as it came in a thin swirly dish in the shape of a slender "S."  They have a decent wine menu and are a must-go steakhouse for whenever we return to Vegas!
5	We were at the Mirage for the Tosh show and I was just looking for a place to eat at the resort. Stack was awesome, amazing food, good service, although a little confusion with three different waiters. The ambiance would have been great except for the electronic music that was too loud (maybe turn it down to six from eight), overall a great experience.
5	Stopped in for a few appetizers and had a nice time.  Bartender was very friendly and recommended the pigs in a blanket and wings.  Both were great!  Go for wings over pigs, if needed.  Nice portions for each.  Wings are done French style so they are soooo easy to eat.  I want all my wings like this for the future.
5	Where do I begin with this place.... Let's start with the apps we had! Hot Rocks, Crispy Rock Shrimp, Mini Lamb Gyros... oh and the cocktails!For an entree, I got the Seabass as I was already feeling full from all the apps! Everyone else got a juicy steak and said it melted in their mouths. We had a full wait staff helping us. There was one guy taking our food orders and another fulfilling our alcohol needs.Bottom line, you can't order a bad meal here and you won't leave hungry. Wouldn't recommend this place to vegetarians...
5	I had a great birthday dinner here the sea food tower for 5 was awesome!
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Stack.Seafood tower was very fresh. After all, it's the middle of the desert.Tacos very good. Only thing that didn't blow me away was hot rock beef. It was tasty, but I think it's more of a novelty.Great steak (fillet).  All sides, including mac and cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, and potato gratin were better than anticipated. Particularly liked the scalloped potatoes (gratin), but shrooms great - not overseasoned - just delicious. Nothing over, or under salted. Everything was really balanced and well prepared.I was really impressed.
1	We came here Thursday night, 12/27/12 right before the Beatles Love 930pm show around 815pm. We were seated right away since the place wasn't that busy. Then our waiter came and told us that he was one of three waiters who'll be helping us (huh?). My gf and I ordered our drinks (1 glass of wine and a Coke) a few minutes after we got settled and then waited about 15 minutes for one of the 3 waiters to take our order (1 appetizer and 1 side). Thinking about ordering an appetizer and a side didn't seem like it would take that long to prepare.  But by the time our food came, it was already 845pm (had to be in line by 9pm) and I still didn't get my drink (Coke) until I mentioned it to the waiter, again.The calamari was good but the Tater tots were not that good. The waiter service was terrible and the food was not that far behind. Overall: D+
2	I got food poising from the Kobe beef burger [that I had cooked well done]. Based on the meals I had that day and night, the burger was the only thing my friend didn't also eat, so...process of elimination points toward the burger. That being said, it tasted good going down...We also had the buffalo drumettes and the crab tacos. They're actually pretty small, so definitely treat them as appetizers unless you plan to have them to yourself. Stack also serves its condiments in cutesy jars, but they come with a spoon, as if you're supposed to spoon out the amount that you wish to consume each time.Lighting was a bit dim, but the decor was nice; wooden fixtures as if you were dining in a canyon. Service was so-so...the saving grace? The hostess consistently walking past our table to seat guests.
3	Excellent food. Warmly lit low light ambiance and good background music. Unfriendly hostess, but waitstaff was on point. Felt decadent to be there and we'll try it again.
2	Net: we only came in for drinks and a few light bites before heading to Love. We ordered enough food (three apps) to get a sense of this portion of the menu but can't speak for the full dinner experience.There are five of us here in Vegas for the weekend - two couples and an exchange student (high school). We had tickets for Love and needed a place to grab a quick bite before the show. We had dinner reservations elsewhere after the show. We jut needed a quick something to tide us over.When we arrived the first thing we noticed was that the hostess was kind of a bitch. Despite that fact we stuck around since it was close to the theater. It's also a beautiful space. We ordered drinks (a diet with lemon, glass of wine and two extra dirty martinis, straight up, with blue cheese stuffed olives) and three apps (yellowtail sashimi, hot rocks, pigs in blankets*). The drinks took a while to arrive but the martinis were well-worth the wait. Wow. With the extra time it took to bring the drinks one would think the lemon would have arrived with them but no such luck. The waitress remembered when handing them out and said, "lemon" but still had to be reminded when the food came. Eh.The sashimi brought in decent reviews from the fish eaters in our crowd. The presentation was beautiful but the portion was a little small - perfect for two or three, though. Keep that in mind if going in for snacks. The hot rocks are pure kitsch but seriously lack flavor. This may be because we got it gluten free so it was missing soy sauce but even so, steakums on a rock? Eh. The aforementioned, difficult to pluralize pigs in blankets were really good.Service was spotty, all the waitresses look exactly the same and if the attitude is part of the vibe Stack is going for they should reconsider. I don't need my waitress to be my friend but she should smile once in a while and check in. For a quick bite it'll do but my next trip to the Mirage will include trying another place. -----*Anyone know the proper way to pluralize this?
3	My friend and I went here to grab a drink and appetizer before the LOVE show.  The drinks were great, the scene was cool, and the service was good, but the food was not.  It wasn't terrible, but for the price of the food there wasn't much flavor or much there.
1	BEWARE: Wait staff tampers with receipts to give themselves larger tips!  Had a lovely time here at dinner, however when I checked my credit card statement I noticed $25+ dollars were added to my total.  I tried to call to talk to the restaurant and they transferred me to their credit card dispute department, and I was on hold for 31 minutes during their stated business hours.  I never got to speak with anyone, but took a photo of my hold time total because I couldn't believe how long I was waiting and I wasn't confident anyone would ever pick up.  I decided to email them and I received an automated response that they would get back to me in 7-10 business days.  It is day 11, and I haven't received any response.  I finally had to dispute it with my credit card company.  I was shocked at the lack of response and unavailability of the credit card disputes department.  This type of thing has never happened to me before.  You would think management would take theft pretty seriously, but from the lack of response they seem ok with it.Basically, I am saying - don't go here because someone on the wait staff steals.  If you go, make sure you pay cash.  I don't like writing bad reviews, but this type of behavior just isn't right and I felt the need to warn others to be careful.
1	We got a pre dinner meal before our circ de soliel show. The dinner tickets were $49 per person which didn't include drinks,  tax or gratuity...okay fine. But then we were brought the pre show menu which only included soup or salad, a pasta, chicken or skirt steak. No side dish. And desert was miniature Eskimo pies (3) on a toothpick or donut holes. The cheapest glass of wine was $17. Not even close to worth the price. Wouldn't recommend.
4	The food here was delicious! My steak was cooked perfectly medium rare and was one of the most tender cuts of meat I've ever had. The buffalo wings were tender and fell right off the bone. Crab tacos were also amazing. The server was very well-informed about food allergies and told me which ones were safe and unsafe. The only complaint I had was taking my food home. The fridge in our room was so small, a box would not fit. I asked for a piece of foil to wrap my meat in and they told me there was no foil in the kitchen (yeah right) but they would bring me something else. 15 minutes later, I asked a second waiter if I could get foil for my meat. 15 minutes later I had to ask the manager, and he IMMEDIATELY returned with foil for me. Service throughout the dinner however was prompt, it was a great dining experience.
2	This was our second time here.  We were pretty disappointed again. My husband ordered the lamb and it was over cooked and very tough to cut through and when he did get a chunk of meat off the bone he almost choked on a tiny thin little bone about 2" long, so he ended up just sending his entire dinner back. I had the sea bass (which is one of my favorite meals I order every where we go) and it was pretty dry.No complaints on the appetizers and the service was okay. I'm just not sure I would really recommend this restaurant.
3	I guess we shoud have known that we weren't going to be totally wowwed when we came in around 8 without reservations and didn't have to wait at all. I came with a group of 4 people.  My husband and I had just spent $45 on 2 large frozen drinks and were asked if we couldn "finish em up real quick".  Um, no.  I'd either have brain freeze for 3 hours or be too full to eat anything in your restaurant.  Compromise reached.  They allowed us to leave them at the hostess stand.  Cool.  The food was pretty good, if a little spendy ( I know, Vegas, whatever) but service was pretty bad.  I would be ok with that but they weren't even busy. So, there are too many other really good restaurants in such a small area to go to Stack and get bad service.
5	First timers to Stack.  Like other reviewers, we were there for a quick bite before Cirque du.  We couldn't understand why there weren't more people seated here (on a Sunday night)  but we didn't particularly care to ask either. It was quite refreshing to simply walk in off the street and simply be seated vs battling with crowds of people, waiting in long lines or generally getting hassled in order to get to eat. Good deal.  We had a very attentive and helpful server.  Our drinks and appy's arrived without too much of a wait.  The two of us had the gyro's, the yellowtail appy, the kabob's (chicken, beef & pork) and drinks. Both food and drinks (and they had a particular label of gin that no where else served, so my husband was very, very happy with that) were very good and fresh.  We were very happy with Stack and not only would be recommend it, but we'll certainly come back again the next time we are in Vegas....fersure.  Thanks Stack.
4	The service was impeccable ..the decor was really warm and inviting. The food was pretty tasty. Had the kobe beef burger and fries and it was really good and also tasted a friends pasta bolognese which was amazing.Minus 1 star because I asked for my burger medium and got medium rare but ate it anyway..im not picky and unless my burger is moo'ing then we have a problem. Only cause it was kobe I ate it because the taste is immaculate.
4	Our food was great and te service was very good.  I really like that they have bone-in steaks!  There were ten in our party, all the steaks were perfectly cooked, but one burger was under cooked.  they replaced it very quickly though.
5	Just took my daughter and her friend here for dinner Saturday night for their 21st birthdays.    The service was outstanding!!! Very professional, friendly and attentive.  Beautiful smiling hostess.  The manager comped us the hot rock steak appetizer which was really good.  All our dinners were awesome.   Great cocktails too.   Ya it's pricy but it's Vegas and here you get what you pay for.     Wish the Mirage would provide refrigerators to keep our leftovers in.   I will be back!!
2	Took two hours for a three course prix fix menu.  Waited an hour between salads and entrees.    Ordered the wedge salad, flank steak, and jelly doughnuts.  All tasted delicious, flank steak was cooked perfectly, but was not hot.  It was room temperature at best.  Unfortunately we had show tickets and could not wait to send it back to the kitchen.Small portions, and even with prix fix, I did to feel this was a good value, and overpriced.
4	We went here before watching he Beatles Show. I absolutely love this place. The decor is awesome and the service was perfect. They have really great signature drinks. Some of the come out smoking and that is really fun. My favorite is the berry martini (smoking). For appetizers, we had Yellowtail Crunch and Crispy Rock Shrimp. Both were delicious.For dinner we ordered 24 oz. Tomahawk Ribeye, Petite Filet, Sea Bass and the Penne Pasta. For sides we ordered Adult Tater Tots, Mac and Cheese and Baby Vegetables. Everyone enjoyed their food with no complaints. For dessert we ordered Mini Key Lime Pies and Jelly Doughnut "munchkin" Holes. Holy smokes the desserts were so good. This is a really fun place to go with great food and service.
3	It's pricy.  The menu here on yelp is outdated.  I guess every place in vegas is expensive.  However, this place is outrageous.  The food and service are good.  However, this place makes dining in Hawaii look cheap.
1	Returned here because the 1st time was so awesome.. Not this time.  The Service was horrible-- guy was slow - didnt tell us all the specials.  And they were not busy.  The lobster was gross..  Ordered a bottle of Champagne asked for it to be chilled and brought table side-- wouldnt do it..  Just bad all the way around.and Yes we left a tip that reflected the service and the waiter ran after us when we were already almost in the casino-- asked what the problem why the tip was so small - I said the service was horrible - his response can you be specific I said YOUR SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE.  Tacky--  I will give a hefty tip if the food is average --here both were horrible.
5	I went here also before watch LOVE the Beatles show and it was an amazing place! The service was great which is sometimes not so great at other restaurants. The drinks were awesome, I had a French 77 which is one of my favorite drinks! They have tapas type food which made sharing and the experience so great because it helped spark conversations with others in a crowd. I can't wait to visit in July!
4	I've eaten here twice now and both times the food was excellent.  Service the first time was five star, next time it was four.  I had a steak both times and both were top notch, I've had no better steak in San Diego.  Favorite thing on the menu are their mushrooms, not sure how they cook them but they are ridiculous.  I knocked one star off because of our dinner for two came to over $275 with tip, hey it's Vegas.
4	The food was excellent, great service and ambiance as well. A bit pricey for what you get however.  I put the quality on par with something like Fleming's or Morton's, but the prices are 30% higher. Don't get me wrong; it was good, just not what I would call reasonably priced. My son and I shared a 40 Oz. Porterhouse steak and a salad. It was delicious and was served with some nice sauces. I asked for creamed horseradish and it was way better than the sauces for my taste. The service was not as good as it should have been, but it wasn't terrible. They had a special that sounded awesome; a steak and crab combo that I was going to order until my son asked what the price was. The waiter said "a hundred". A HUNDRED? For a single serving special of the night? ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I suppose that's what you would expect in a hotel on the strip. It's located in The Mirage. I think next time, I will pay the cab fare, go off the strip and save way more than the cost of the cab ride for an equally good dinner elsewhere.
1	this place is a disrespect to fine dining, i have never been to a restaurant and felt so pressured into ordering a certain item because they have such a crapy and small selection that u have no choice but to order the $30 blant burger... service is not all that either, the only thing that was great was my beer (blue moon) but wait thats someone elses product... never again and the only reason they got a one star is because i couldnt give them a zero star...
4	Went here after the Terry Fator show which by the way is fabulous!!! Not too hungry so ordered appetizers. The roasted tomato soup was delish..comes with mini grilled cheese sandwiches. Great comfort food. Also had the short rib meatballs which were really good. Will definitely come back on our next trip and try the steak.
4	Stopped in for happy hour during my stay here and wasn't disappointed!Seafood tower was very fresh. After all, it's the middle of the desert.Great steak (fillet).  All sides, including mac and cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, and potato gratin were better than anticipated. Particularly liked the scalloped potatoes (gratin), but shrooms great - not overseasoned - just delicious. Nothing over, or under salted. Everything was really balanced and well prepared.I was really impressed with the service!
4	We split a burger, tater tot, and wing lollipops.  All were good - I especially liked the burger - tasty and well seasoned.  The tater tots were good but could have been crispier.  The wings were cool looking but not far off from Roosters when it comes to flavor.
5	I've got girlfriends in town and I need to show them a good time! We get set up for a comp dinner at Stack on Saturday night. The table is set for the six of us in the lounge area near the bar overlooking the casino. I was actually warned that the comp dinner here wasn't very good and that they were stingy with the food. WRONG. We had A LOT of food and unlimited well drinks and a special delicious shot made by the bartender. We had pigs in a blanket, roasted chicken, french fries, veggies, buffalo wings, Caesar salad, and this raw beef you cook on a hot stone. Everything was REALLY good, our server was awesome and most importantly my girls had an awesome evening!
3	My friend has raved about this place so much, so I was excited when she finally took me here. But sadly that night, they must have been off their game.We had reservations for a party of three and was quickly taken to our table, the restaurant was actually very empty. After we were seated a waiter came and brought us the drink menu on an iPad (very tech-y!) and we ordered drinks. I thought to myself, it was gonna be a good dinner because service was so quick, but I was really wrong. We ordered two appetizers, the hot rocks and the pigs in a blanket. The entrees we all got were the stack burger, caesar salad and the tomato soup. We got sides to share as well.Once we ordered we really waited FOREVER for our food. The appetizers came a good 20 minutes after we ordered. And we finished our appetizers and waited another 20 or so minutes for our entrees. They didn't even bring our side dishes, they must have forgotten or something. I was a little disappointed about their service because the restaurant was so empty, I would be much more understanding if the place was packed but it wasn't at all!The food was okay, my favorite was the hot rocks appetizer because the citrus ponzu sauce was delicious, but the serving size is so tiny. I would want to order 5 of them if I could! The rest of the food wasn't anything super special and I've had better in other restaurants.
4	Fantastic food! Everything was great. Some of their salads are boring but everything else is really-really delicious.
5	WOW FOOD, WOW VENUE AND OVERLY WOW SERVICE. Mgr Doug and our wonderful server made this out best meal yet in Vegas. Will be back soon. Love, team Atlanta
5	My friends and I had an awesome meal here while playing for the weekend in Vegas. The atmosphere is trendy, and the music was loud but good. The appetizers were amazing, with lots of cool bites to share. My buddy had the steak fillet, which he said was one of the best in town. I had the chicken, very juicy and tender. The side of Mac cheese and the cheesy potatoes were awesome. Manager was friendly and very accommodating.
4	I enjoyed my meal at Stack. It has beautiful decor and the food was tasty. I was very impressed by the service. Maybe a tad over priced. It was also VERY loud in there.
5	Was staying at the Mirage last weekend and wanted to have a nice meal for my husband and I since we rarely go anywhere "fancy" at home. I was gambling in the casino and saw Stack so I made reservations 4pm for 7:30pm. Got there about 7 minutes late but they seated us right away. Service was wonderful. We had two servers and both were knowledgeable and friendly. They use an iPad as a menu for drinks and desserts, which is pretty cool. Food was AMAZING! One of the best meals I have ever had. My husband and I both ordered a Petite Filet (mine medium rare and his medium well) and wow- that steak melted in your mouth. We shared the potatoes au gratin, which was also delicious. I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir, which was very nice. My husband ordered some mixed cocktail, which was also delicious.This place is pricey ($180 with tip- that's with my glass of wine being free) but it is worth every darn penny. I will be coming back no doubt about it.
5	Love the atmosphere & vibe. The drinks are great. The menu offers many choices - all are uniquely created and delicious. Portions are generous.  Great presentation. The staff is knowledgeable & friendly without hovering. A few times our party ordered martinis, 3-4 appetizers suggested by staff, and individual salads - perfect for a fun night.  Dinners are very good. Desserts are delicious.  Pricey but worth it. Highly suggest this place.
5	Delicious steaks and wonderful service! Upscale but yet we were still able to dress casual. I don't have a single complaint, would definitely dine here again.
2	Las Vegas is all about change. Favorites come and go. Some remain solid and by the time they bid farewell we are left saddened. Then, there are others that were once good, but those days have come and gone. I'm sad to say this happened with Stack at Mirage. Eight years ago it opened with Brian Massie at the helm. The space was beautiful, service was exceptional and the food was everything good ole American comfort food should be, and the playful twists made it fun. Over the years, we've dined at Stack more than any other fine dining restaurant. We loved the relaxed vibe, the stacked waitresses and the classic tunes. The hot rocks, pork chop and lamb shank were outstanding. The bacon cheddar bread? Oh my goodness, we couldn't get enough. We'd return for that alone. Over time, they no longer offered the bread. The classic rock was replaced by club beats and the prices climbed while quality sank. We noticed a decline about a year ago, and it was confirmed a few months back when we took my husband's cousin out for her birthday. My brother joined us, too, he was eager to try the lamb shank he's heard so much about. I even called beforehand to confirm it was still be served. You can imagine our disappointment when we couldn't locate it on the menu. We waived down our waiter and sure enough, it's been eliminated. This was likely the sign to leave, but we ignored it. We've always been pleased with the steak selection and everyone but me opted to go that route. I chose the halibut ($42). We started with hot rocks ($21) they were still excellent. The Spicy Crab ($21) was a new item and it didn't pack any punch. It left us pretty underwhelmed. We've enjoyed the porterhouse for two at Brand. We expected the same quality here at Stack but it fell a bit flat ($96). It was plenty for two to share, but it wasn't as flavorful or tender as we know it could be. We also shared tater tots ($11) and roasted mushrooms ($9). The tots used to have pieces of rich smoky bacon and cheese would ooze when you'd bite into eat tot. That's not the case anymore. This was my brother's first fine dining experience. he went all out and ordered the porterhouse ($62). I wish I could say he was able to reap the perks and find the value of a quality piece of meat. It was very average at best. He was disappointed and I was bummed for him.My halibut was the best dish of the evening, the exception being the hot rocks. The halibut was nicely prepared with a hard sear and it was very fresh.After finishing that meal, the warm comforting mahogany walls suddenly felt somber. A longtime favorite had faded. We knew we wouldn't be back. We suspect it would soon shutter. I didn't see it surviving long after the opening of Tom Colicchio's Heritage Steak. I haven't heard any news of it closing, but I certainly wouldn't be surprised if it did.
5	Absolutely love catching a bite to eat and having a #SparkPlug shot before starting my night
5	Everything we tried was outstanding.  One of the best steaks on the strip and the tater tots were a must.
5	Been to Vegas more than 20 times. One of the better restaurants I've experienced here.
5	My wife and I just walked into the restaurant without a reservation and were seated immediately by a very courteous Hostess.  Our Waitress was suburb and very friendly and made our experience more enjoyable.  On the the food, which was fantastic!  The steaks were unbelievable, better than any I've had.  I highly recommend this restaurant for all.  Price is high, however, I feel the meal was worth every penny!  5 Stars.
2	Needed a meal before seeing Love. The prices made me cringe but we gave it a go anyways. Hot rocks - wonderfully flavorful thin sheets of sirloin that you barbecue on a hot stone.  Spicy crab on crispy rice - meh.  The crab had a little too much mayonnaise and didn't taste fresh. Adult tater tots - underwhelming.  Tasted starchy.  The bacon bits were nowhere to be found. Kale salad - The bread crumbs and sea salt gave it a grainy texture.  Needed more red onion or fennel to balance the earthiness of the kale. Dessert sampler - the strawberry shortcake, blueberry tart and banana cream were nicely done. The "signature" mint chocolate chip ice cream lacked flavor. Overall, the food was underwhelming, and the prices are outrageous. At least $20+ per plate.  It especially perturbed me that most of the dishes only came with 5 pieces.  So impractical for sharing. Service was sub par. We told them we had a show to get to, but we constantly had to flag them down. And the place was only 1/4 full!!Will never go back.
4	Food was excellent! Our whole party of 4 enjoyed every dish we ordered.Loved cooking your own beef on the hot stone, meatballs were very flavorful. All of our meats were cooked to perfection and melty goodness. Tasty sides as well- tried the Tots, Mac n cheese, whipped potatoes and asparagus. Would've been 5 stars if it not were for the thumping bass/ club music. We did ask our server if they could turn it down, which they did, but I think the acoustics weren't built for hearing conversations.But would def recommend to friends.
4	Stopped here for a quick bite before show.  The place was very crowded but seats by the bar area open.  The food was excellent - seabass and asparagus appetizer.  Great atmosphere, by far a better experience than Japonaise!
2	This restaurant used to be good.  Host station with to much attitude.  Ordered surf and turf steak good but the two pound main lobster came out a one pounder with parts missing. Cmon guys at least give customer what they paid for.  I have 20 years in the business so my advice to management is look at customer service very carefully and be consistent with the food you offer.   Presentation and quality is key.  Will be frequenting the steak house at circus circus for a while. They got it together.
5	Bone in Brooklyn ribeye was, hands down, best steak experience I've ever had. Marbling; flavor; cooked to medium-rare perfection; amazing. Great customer service is impeccable. Highly recommend.
3	We went here after work for a quick meal. While we did make a reservation at 8pm, we didn't get seated until after 8:30 which was a bit frustrating. Other than that, the food was good and the service was quick. We ordered mac and cheese for the table and the brie and bacon tater tots...the mac and cheese I like but the tater tots were a bit tasteless. I had a salad and the hamburger for dinner. The salad was mainly lettuce but the hamburger was very good! Done just right for me (medium...not too much pink but just enough) and the sauce on it wasn't overwhelming but added great flavor. Overall, it was a good dinner. I liked the ambiance as well for Vegas, it was trendy and clean.
1	Bad service and food wasn't good. Never dining here again. Food wasn't as good as last year. I order the sea bass it wasn't worth the $42.
4	Went here after the Boys to Men concert. Great late night find. Had Apps only. Wings, Shrimp, and meatballs. ok Wine list. A bit loud. Service was excellent
5	I was happily surprised by this restaurant!Service was good.Drinks were EXCELLENT.Food ranged from okay to great:Hot rocks: very nommy, enjoyed this one a lotAdult tater tots: I was not a fan but my husband liked this. I liked the texture/crunch but thought it was rather bland.Caesar salad with a side of salmon: Salad was fresh and salmon was perfectly cookedChicken: VERY TASTY and moist. Probably the favorite. Dessert: Banana cream thingy, EXCELLENT!
5	We were unable to get into another steakhouse and decided to "just eat here" at the Mirage.  I am so glad that we did. We tried a lot of food and it all was outstanding. I especially liked the adult tater tots and the bone in ribeye. To tell you how much we liked it- the next evening we had  two couples were celebrating our anniversaries and wanted to eat somewhere special... we strongly considered going back to Stack.
5	This is my favorite restaurant. I come here often but have never used Yelp for review purposes. Some of my favorite apps are the Tuna Tartar, the NY Sirloin Hot Rocks, Yellowtail Sashimi,and the new Kale Salad all a must try. The Cucumber Martini is my go to cocktail - super light and refreshing. The staff is awesome. At the bat you have: Christy, Susan, Teddy (cute and single) Rob an Jaimie. The servers that have waited in me are Manny, Vince and Erin... I know their names because these guys are so out going and personable. Lauren Jessica and Tatiana work the lounge and they are awesome ladies as well. Hope this helps; trying to use Yelp more often.
5	Stack is a classy restaurant  located inside the Mirage. I had heard the name before but it really wasn't on my radar if I'm being honest. The decor is fabulous consisting of perfect dim lighting with a curvy wood design on the walls. This place makes you feel like you're eating where the big name celebs would eat....it's top notch and fancy.  The service is excellent. Our server was knowledgeable, friendly and honest.  Since I am still in search of the best steak in Vegas I chose the Tomahawk rib eye and I had to try the Adult tater tots just for their name. I broke out into laughter when they brought the Tomahawk to the table because there was a foot long bone sticking out of the 18 oz rib eye ( the bone is about 6oz by itself). It was pretty amazing. The steak was melt in your mouth tender with every bite fully marbleized. Portion sizes were designed more for a welterweight than a heavyweight......Sugar Ray not Tyson. Ok...maybe I'm dating myself with that one. So, I left feeling comfortable,not stuffed. I definitely had room for dessert and that's a good thing. Stack is definitely on my radar now and it should be on everyone else's too.
1	December 24,2013We went to dinner at Stacks in the Mirage. (Note...the 5 star reviews can not be from people that actually ate at Stacks recently.  We actually saw individuals sending food back or just not eating what they were served.  The couple at the table next to us (oh..the tables are so close together, you dine with other folks, even though the restaurant is virtually empty), had Mac & cheese.  Although the person that order it, didn't eat it..his partner sampled it...and picked up an ounce of cheese with a piece of pasta...and laughed. Do not go to this restaurant.... I do not want any person to waste their money.First...I saw that our wine glasses were dirty...sediment in the bottom and spotted. The manager Steve apologized and replaced the glasses .We were introduced to our "Waite Team". We saw one member of the team that poured our wine , then one took our order...and another delivered our meal in pieces...not together. Portions were warm, not hot.The food: chopped Cesar Salad a child could prepare. Chopped Romaine with lots of Parmesan Cheese. The Sea Bass was fishy and rubbery. The Twice Baked Potato, what a joke...it was a cored potato with over cooked, over mashed potato. with cheesemushrooms tasted like vinegar the 28 oz Rib eye steak...that had a 12 oz bone...was flavorful but fatty and cold Did we see a Waite person during dinner. No!Did someone pour our wine or water....No!Was our table cleared when we finished our meal. No!Steve, the manager listened to our concerns...and was sorryThe nicest person in the restaurant was Darian, the bus person. He was prompted when ask to pitch in for the "Team"So Stacks does not stack up to any restaurant in Las Vegas. Just say NO! WHEN THINKING ABOUT EATING AT STACKS at theMirage Las Vegas.The ambiance, service and food are a disgrace!
1	It is a terrible restaurant in every way from reception all the way thru chef (using that term very loosely) Food was being rejected all around us.  We told the manager that we were going yelp the place and he asked us not to and I wasn't going to but then I saw all obviously phony yelp submitted from the same night we were there....obviously the were running scared and placed them themselves....Please believe me....stay away from this place.  Truth has a ring to it...these 5 star reviews have a CLANG...that says they are not for real!!!!
5	I've been a regular at Stack for years. It is one of my fav places to eat in the city!!! They have such yummy food!! I'm obsessed with their chicken wings. Completely life changing. Also must always get the hot rock! Thinly sliced sirloin that is to die for!!! Great place to get a bunch of stuff and share, but also has an unbelievable burger and great steaks too. Try the tomahawk! Doug is an amazing manager and is running a must try spot!!
4	Came here before the Boys to Men concert. Had a plate of spaghetti, I have to admit I was really impressed.  I am very surprised with the negative reviews, the service was good, the food was great and my fiance enjoyed the environment.  Music was cool.I will probably not return, but that's simply because there are way too many places to eat in Vegas. I dropped $170 with with tip for two, and have no regrets.
5	Stack is one of my favorites! The food is amazing and the service is always excellent.  Definitely get the hot rocks to start. For my entree I usually go with a steak like the Brooklyn filet, and for sides you have to try the adult tater tots. End with some munchkin doughnuts and you won't be disappointed!
5	Great restaurant! Its modern, amazing food and the service is excellent! Try the hot rock for appetizer and the brooklyn filet is my favorite entry.
5	Stopped in briefly after a concert. Waiter was very impressive with her mixology. Served different drinks to us as all were made perfectly.Prices are fair and I would certainly go back.  Atmosphere is well put together. Not too dark and music selection is superb.
5	Stack is a great time, the atmosphere is fun and the fun is always on point. The lounge area is a cool spot to have a drink at before you go out and not a bad spot to check a game out at the bar.
5	Stack Restaurant and Bar is an amazing place to grab a bite to eat. I took my girlfriend here for a date night and was blown away by the quality of food and high level of service!  I was immediately excited by the intricate ceiling decoration and the modern vibe the DJ's tunes set (if a place looks good and sounds good its usual a good sign.) We were shown to a table and started off with an appetizer. The Hot Rock! I've been to places where you have table side preparation but nothing quite like this, it was amazing! Literally a huge hot stone and thinly marinated slices of sirloin which sear on both sides for 2 seconds! Simply Amazing! Great Steak too, I ordered the 20 oz bone in Tomahawk Steak! From the Preparation to the Sides absolutely delicious. great atmosphere, stunning decor, light new age appetizers, and mouth watering steaks. Great experience!
4	Came here on a recommendation from a friend of my beautiful wife.  I checked out the menu online and it looked like every other high end glitzy restaurant in Vegas. My expectations were low. It's been a while since we splurged so away we go. RESTAURANTThe bar is in front, so you have to cut through that to get to the restaurant. When its busy, you have to cut through people to get out. The restaurant is beautiful, dimly lit and cozy. Certainly a place for a romantic dinner. STAFFWe were greeted with a big warm smile from the hostess who promptly sat us. Our server was prompt, professional, charming, and made me wish I was server again. He touched on menu items, cocktails, and hit all the points of interest a new guest would want to know. MENUWe ordered a bottle of Chianti that was worth the $67 price tag. DOCG certified 90% sangiovese grapes. Their cocktails sounded interesting, but an average price of $18?I chuckled and thought that I must be missing out on something in the world of mixology being a mixologist for The Cosmopolitan and all. That is just nuts. Every time I heard someone from another table order a beverage I could swear I hear a little chi-ching sound in our servers pocket lol.The menu has a nice selection of starters, salads, steak & seafood items. It reminded me of Capital grill. The prices would make anyone a little intimidated for what you  are reading, but sometimes you have to have a little faith.I was totally indecisive but decided on the 16 OZ dry aged Strip. My wife got Seabass, and my Ma got the Spaghetti Bolognese (which was considered by all)We also started with the Hot rocks, Japanese Spicy Crab and shared a Ceasar salad.FOOD The Hot rocks, Japanese Spicy Crab came first. The Japanese Spicy Crab was attractive and tasty but nothing really special. The Hot rocks was brilliant. 6 thin slices of raw marinated beef you can cook to your liking on a 600 degree hot rock.Flavor was excellent. My recommendation is that you don't overcook it. 5 seconds on each side at the most. Caesar salad was next and it was good. Chilled bowl, homemade crispy croutons right amount of dressing. We split it and I waited to eat mine with my steak. It must have been a little weird for the bussers because they seemed confused when I thwarted their several attempts to take it away. Main courses The timing on all the food was spot on. I'm not a huge fan of waiting in between courses once I start eating. This exceeded my expectations.Presentation was simple, but you knew what the hero of each dish was. I took pictures of everything for you to see.As I began to separate the bone from my steak my excitement grew as pleasing sounds emitted from my wife and Ma. My steak was at least two inches in height, and cooked perfectly - and I mean perfectly. This was my first dry aged steak and I now understand why this process is desired by many. It adds a flavor that cannot be duplicated by using seasoning. The flavor was fantastic. Every bite was just a beautiful harmony between sips of my Italian wine. This totally exceeded my expectations. The Seabass was superb. The texture was as if God decided that we needed Lobsters and crabs to be one animal. I got only one bite as my usually generous wife decided this dish was not to be shared.  Spaghetti Bolognese Now I know what your thinking. $31 for a dish of pasta???? No WAY!!!!Yeah, that's what I thought too until I tried it. B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L!!!!!!It was, it really was. So tasty. So meaty, So very delicious. You get at least 8oz of the trio of meats they use to flavor this wonderful sauce. I love that they balance the tartness and acidity with some sugar (just like I do) My ma did not finish it, but I certainly will for lunch today. I may have this dish when I return. Definitely a cure for your pasta fix. Hands down one of the best pasta dishes I've had in a restaurant. We passed on dessert. It simply just was not needed as the euphoria of a great meal was slowly setting in. My take on STACK is this. I was a bit fearful of the prices because I've eaten at many places that have a similar price point that don't deliver. The menu seemed a bit basic in their descriptions then you look at the price and balk. The bottom line is that I have found a restaurant I will enjoy returning to with  excitement. To try something different or not, but knowing that whatever it is I order, its prepared by chef's with skill and passion for food exceptional. BRAVO!
5	We always have a great time here.I love the Mac and cheese and I'm a big fan of the Caesars salad. Very well done here. Also, do not miss the tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. Wonderful.They always have a nice drink selection.Service is always excellent.
5	I enjoyed a lovely kale salad, a delicious fish dish, and a free glass of wine thanks to checking in on yelp... ( although the bartenders were completely stupored by that last part... it never happened before?)  But in vegas service first so after a manager check it was granted...  Food was delicious... more importantly I walked in with barely an hour to spare before going to see boys 2 men at the theathre next door... I explained that I was in a hurry and they saw to it... Also the mushrooms in a cast iron skillet were tasty...
4	going through the menus of the places to choose form in the Mirage was not that hard to narrow down to Stack, it seemed to have some of our favorites and from what we could tell the food was well prepared and the place had decent ratings. We had Tickets to Beatles Love that night so we made reservations for 7:30 PM and when we arrived we walked right in. The decor of this place is pretty cool it is very modern, the lighting is kept dark which I'm sure is in an attempt to keep the mood intimate. Now for the important stuff, the food. We were having a date night so we went a little above the normal, we started off with the lobster taco appetizer ($21) this was delicious but definitely small, for our entree we ordered the surf and turf for 2 ($159) which was Huge and super delicious it came with 42oz of prime meat and a 2lb stuffed lobster that was stuffed with King crab and a Ritz cracker mixture, all I can say is wow.. The two sides ordered where the Adult tater tots which are an experience all in itself and then the ultimate let down that was ordered was the baked mac and cheese. Unlike most other steakhouses in Vegas that normally have a Truffle mac and cheese this was just very plain and dry and seemed like they really just threw some noodles in a dish and sprinkled some cheese on top and threw it in the oven. We also ordered the banana cream pie bites for dessert, those I have to add were absolutely amazing. With all of this our dinner ended up running about $300 and the question was, " was it worth it?" I would say yes in this case. The servers had a great handle on everything, our drinks never went empty, All of the questions we had were answered and I not one time got that overwhelming pretentious feel you sometimes get at some of the high end steakhouses here in town. Will I go back? Sure, would I do anything different? Yes, I would go for a seafood stack appetizer and stay away from the small bites appetizers since they definitely pay the bills with those.
5	Dining at stack was amazing, from hot rocks to the jake salad or just a great steak there is nothing on the menu that you would not enjoy. Having a concept of where everything is stacked on each other gives it a great name, it a must when dinning in Vegas.
5	The boyfriend and I loved this place!! Great decor, nice music (loud but it's Vegas..) The chicken wings are sooooo unique and delicious!!!!! Definitely worth trying!! He loved his steak and I enjoyed my edamame falafel!!! The service was quick and attentive! Nothing but great things to say about this wonderful place!
5	I have visited STACK many times over the years and every time I go back I feel it gets better! You will not find a better burger in Las Vegas! Their steak is unbelievable in quality and taste. Every dish you have is made with care and the staff is great. All staff is knowledgeable about everything they have on the menu including their specialty drinks (which are all good). I just came home after being in Las Vegas for a week and I ate at STACK three times while I was there. I can't wait to go back in July and visit again!
5	What great spot! The good thing was is we a variety of people in our group and everyone got what they wanted!I had the filet cooked medium rare. It was delicious. They amount of sides that we shares just put our bellies over the top.The appetizers are a great way to start the meal. You can get a couple different ones and make it a meal.All this food was great! I washed it down with a martini. Stack had many different drink selections.The donuts for dessert!!I recommend you go to Stack. A fun and upbeat restaurant!!!
4	I'm still stuffed.  Stopped by to visit an old friend who moved out to Vegas many years ago and ended up having dinner.  I took his recommendation to try the "Brooklyn Filet" which was like a two inch thick filet mignon served on the bone.  The steak was cooked to perfection (which, in my book, means "barely").  It was served with two different steak sauces, one was peppercorn based, the other was based on a red wine reduction.  I preceded the main course with an EXCELLENT mixed green salad, and I had the steak accompanied with their whipped potatoes.My ONLY complaint is a minor one.  Although I do expect to pay dearly at a premium steak house (and Stack qualifies as a premium steak house in my estimation), I do miss the days where one could eat economically in Las Vegas. On this trip I've learned that those days are LONG gone.  I guess the casinos are no longer bringing in the money the way they used to, and they have to make money SOME how.In any event, I do highly recommend Stack.  The prices seem consistent with the prices I've seen at other restaurants up and down the strip.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I was stuffed! Salmon was good! The atmosphere of the restaurant was dim lite, chic and chilled.....good option!
3	Service was meh.  I found myself straining my neck looking for our waiter frequently.  Food was for the most part delicious aside from the occasional over-salted bite. Cocktails were super good.
4	My husband is a potato lover and could literally eat a 20 course potato meal.  So we had to go to Stack for the adults tater tots.  And hence the minus one star.  It was a disappointment.  The brie overpowered even the bacon.  It was a disappointment.  And it's on the pricey side.  But read on cause I would still go back!!!!!But let's get to the good stuff.  Staff was extremely attentive and friendly.  I had a spicy crab mix on crispy rice that was seriously divine.  Every part of that appetizer was meant to be there and was so good that I was thinking about it for days.  I usually don't like any cooked sushi items.  Everything needs to be raw.  But this was just as good as any raw sushi plate I've ever had.  The lamb gyros were good.  But seriously, I ate it after the crab plate and it just couldn't compare.  My husband had the salmon and again everything on that plate was delish.  I would definitely go again... and again... and again.
4	I really like this place.  It is inside the Mirage and has a great ambiance, awesome choices (especially if you have a kid at heart aka picky eater with you) and good food.  A few favorites include:  bacon and brie tator tots (enough said right?), ahi, asparagus and just old fashioned fun would mean ordering the pigs in a blanket.  Overall everything I have had is good to great.  I've tried so many things that reviewing them is tough because I honestly I have enjoyed it all.  I feel like it is a place you can actually go and walk out without having paid an arm and a leg.  Prices are fair for the quality.  I highly recommend this spot!
4	Nice atmosphere and the waitstaff were pleasant and timely. We ordered the hot rocks which is kinda fun but pretty much an overpriced gimic - you get maybe an ounce of meat for $18. For entrees we both ordered the tomahawk ribeye and two sides to share.  They brought one of the wrong sides.  The steaks were ordered medium rare minus and medium well - both were a flat medium. So they cleared the table and brought everything fresh. Apparently the chef didn't like criticism because the steaks were now very rare and very well done. For the price ($200+ for a couple), there is far, far better. Can't say we'd return or recommend it to others.UPDATE:Second time around was a much better experience. We had mini lamb gyros and crunch shrimp calabrian for appetizers. The "gyros" were like mini Greek tacos and were delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the shrimp but hubby liked it. We tried a special salad they had that night. It was pretty good. The description included maple glazed bacon but it was more like pieces of pork belly, which I'm not a fan of but overall the salad was decent. We both had tomahawk ribeyes and this time they were perfectly cooked. The atmosphere is modern and lively. Overall an enjoyable dinner experience.
3	Great ambience and almost great service. The waiters were definitely nice but seemed a little distant or uninterested when we made conversation with them. Food: The steak appetizer was amazing - highlight of the dinner. I mean, who doesn't want to cook steak on a set of hot stones?! The rest of the food was good but I wouldn't give it 5 stars. Risotto a little too creamy and salty. Salmon was nice and crispy on the outside but again sometimes I felt a flavor was off - I don't know.. It could just be me..! Overall, if you're at the Mirage, I'd definitely check it out. However, I wouldn't say it's worth seeking out (compared to other high end restaurants on the strip) if you're looking to dine.
5	Stack is the best steakhouse in Vegas! I went here for dinner before going over to the Boyz to Men concert with a couple of girlfriends. We thought about going to Heritage but I heard this place was more lively. We got there around 6:30 to have a couple drinks before 7. The hostess was so lovely, she greeted us with a warm smile and didn't rush to seat us. We seat in the lounge at first in one of the circle tables in the front that overlooks the casino floor, the perfect spot for people-watching. A tall brunette waitress came over with a Ipad to show us the specialty cocktails. I tend to like vodka and sweet drinks so the cocktail witness suggested the raspberry sin which came with real cotton candy!!! We enjoyed our drinks and even took shots with the table of guys next to us! After finishing a round of drinks, we moved into the intricate dinning room which featured breathe-taking architecture. The room is lightly-dimmed and the walls look layered rocks. Our server was so delightful, he was very knowledgeable about the menu. We had a couple starters. They had a quirky appetizer where you cook raw meat on a hot stone right at the table! The yellowtail sashimi was fresh and light. I loved it so much,  I wish I ordered two. For my entree I got a petit filet was came out seasoned perfectly. I usually order my steak med-rare, more on the rare side but restaurants can never give me that. Stack actually listened to what I wanted and I loved it, made me feel extra special since it was my birthday. For the table, we ordered a number of sides which include mac and cheese and tator tots which both rocked. For dessert, we had these adorable banana creampies. I'll definitely make Stack a spot each vegas trip. Overall, the experience was quiet memorable. From the hostess to our server, I can't wait to come back. Hot spot for sure, I'll recommend it to anyone who is willing to listen to me lol
4	Alright. This place deserves 5 stars based on the exceptionally tasteful house music and the ridiculously delicious steaks. The waitresses,  while attractive, fell very short when asked questions about the menu and wine list. They also seemed to lack communication with the kitchen staff as there was general confusion about when our orders were going to be coming out. I would come back with a crew of buddies to dine before we roll out to the clubs.
3	When we walked in the music was thumping. I hoped it would stop as we left the bar area. Nope. I had to lean in across the table to hear my friends wife speak. Then our two seat table wobbled so bad the young man was folding a napkin in half to put under the base. The lobster was one of the best I've ever had. Great display. The steak was good but not great. I don't mind spending money but $19 for a cocktail is rediculous. With all the choices in Vegas I don't go back.
5	I've had a lot of steaks but this Filet was the most tender and tasteful one by far.  We also had the Chilean sea bass which was delicious and combined greatly with the lobster risotto. The service was great and there was perfect ambiance. Great date night spot!
3	My boyfriend and I made reservations at 8pm to eat here before seeing a show at the Mirage. I heard great things about the food so we were excited.  We show up, tell them our name and the hostess was very rude - told us it would be 15 minutes before our table was ready. Ok, fine - we get a drink - 8:15p comes around - we check in and she says it'll be another 15 minutes for a table. Why did we even make reservations if we didnt get seated for 30 minutes - finally seated at 8:35pm... we had to rush through our dinner to make it to the show on timeaside from that - the food was really delicious and our server was super friendly (the only saving graces)
1	http://brand.com/I just saw an ad for this "brand" company on television.  It concerns me that any establishment could change the poor reviews to positive.  From now on I will be cautious when reading Yelp reviews.  I will only look at reviews that individuals update.  A return to establishment means it wasn't that bad...and upgraded comments would mean the problems were addressed.
5	My sister and I stopped by the bar on a Sunday night to get some drinks and appetizers before our show. The bar had a very cool atmosphere, large and open, but the seating was arranged in a way to make it feel more intimate.  The lighting was great, and the music volume was perfect (maybe we got the more subdued Sunday evening mix).  We ordered the Yellowtail Sashimi and Ahi Tartar--both were delicious--clean and fresh.  My sister ordered a pear cocktail, which was quite good (though a little sweet for my taste), and the pour on my Lagavulin was generous.  Wait staff were professional and friendly. Yes, it's a bit pricey, but we went in knowing that and both felt it was the perfect meal before our show.
1	You are forewarned : 3 appetizers and 3 cocktails plus tip $ 156.00. Ridiculously expensive... I left starving. Hubby and I split everything. Seriously had a total of 7 BITES of food. The appetizer portions are minuscule .... What a joke. Efficient service, decent atmosphere and the couple mouthfuls were tasty but never again , what a rip even for Vegas.
3	Drinks are outrageously priced here. We got 3 martinis at the bar and it was almost $80!  We made an open table reservation and were late to be seated...which kind of sucked.When we finally sat we were famished and ordered right away.  We just shared a bunch of things:1-Adult Tator Tots- meh- sounded better than they tasted my 2nd least favorite thing2-Chicken Wings- I think there's something wrong w/ their little itty bitty chicken wings...they have to be seriously chicken little's as they are like the size of a child's pinky finger-least favorite thing3-Grilled Cheese and Tomato Soup- hell yes- this is the stuff dreams are made of4-Mac 'n Cheese- definitely the best thing we ordered behind the grilled cheeseThis is the second time I've eaten here, it's just OK, but what takes it down a notch is them not having the table ready on time....but if you have a hankering for comfort food and you are staying in the Mirage, I'd see if they do take out :)
2	For $32 the burgers were not heavily. Salty! Make sure to take your blood pressure meds with you for this one. Double Yuck since my parents both ordered it. The adult tots were meh- take 'em or leave 'em. Mac n cheese was just ok. I really don't know what the hoopla is about. I ordered tomato soup with grilled cheese.  Kids,  yes this is not the restaurant for you. How could anyone ruin a grilled cheese?  I'm not sure, but Stacked managed to. I love all cheese. I'm a grilled cheese con a suer. If salt is their secret ingredient,  then it isn't a secret anymore. Don't be expected to be blown away. You'll spend alot$ just to be dieing of thirst in the middle of the night.  The service-  well, you can imagine- the waiter wasn't super excited to see a kid at his table.
3	The drinks and appetizers were awesome. The prices were frightening considering the very small portions that they serve. We particularly liked the crab tacos, but four super miniature tacos for $24? Las Vegas hospitality and generosity is not what it used to be. Due to the price, we will not be returning.
5	Food was amazing! I got the butternut squash ravioli I and it was one of the tastiest meals I had in a long time. My partner got the Kobe beef burger and he said it was the best he has ever had. The place is elegant and very modern. I'd go back for another meal!
5	This steakhouse restaurant is absolutely distinctive and delicious!  My 9oz filet was so tender and tasty...the butter sauce on top made it special.  I added the shrimp scampi for $25.  Although you only get 3 large shrimp, they were delish in a wonderful parmesan/alfredo-like sauce.  Our appetizers were fantastic!  The oysters had a delicious layer of pesto-like seasoning on top.  The two lobster rolls were just the right size and served with seasoned chips (although I would have eaten many more if the plate came with more).  The whipped potatoes are "better than your mother's,"  and did come close to being better than my mom's!!  Try the creme brulee for dessert - you will be satisfied!
5	I've been watching my red meat intake but since we were in Vegas and on the tail end of our Grand Canyon RV trip we decided to treat ourselves to a good dinner.   It was myself, my wife, and two kids (8 and 11).   Most of the items are a la carte.  I think we picked 2-3 sides for the table and the wife and I got the porterhouse for two.  It was so f*cking delicious.  I don't know if it's because I haven't had a steak in a while or that it was really just that good.  It was probably a little bit of both, but I would totally go back and eat it again.   The presentation was really top notch as they delivered it pre-sliced with the bone in the center for you to gnaw on.   They also had a roasted garlic, of which I ate ever last clove.  I DGAF if it made me smell.  I'm a 40 year old dad and I'm allowed to smell.   I was totally into the parsley and thyme sprigs they used as garnish.  I ate every item that was edible.   Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water.Oh and because I checked in with yelp they brought us out a complimentary house shot.I need to figure out the best way to cook a porterhouse because I want to eat that tonight.
5	Wow!  I LOVED this restaurant!!  The ambiance is slightly dark and very simple chic.  We shared a reasonably priced bottle of wine.  We had two orders of the Hot Rocks appetizer.  Basically thinly sliced beef that you cook on these very hot rocks.  Sooooo good!!But...the main reason for my 5 stars.....i had the best sea bass i've ever had...and i've had a lot.  Sea Bass on top of perfectly cooked lobster risotto.  It was literally heavenly.Service was great....my friend is gluten challenged and she had lots of questions which the server was great with and had no problem asking the kitchen.  $250 bucks for 3 of us before tip, but that was with 2 appetizers and a bottle of wine.  If i could eat like this every week my life would be infinitely better.Highly, highly recommend!
5	All I can say is wow!  Normally when you eat in a hotel restaurant, you get what you get in spite of the fact they advertise a "celebrity Chef" and we all know that chef probably never sees the kitchen and relies on employees.  We ate there at the recommendation of several Mirage Hotel employees, there were five of us, and none of us were disappointed.  We started with a couple of appetizers to share, the hot rocks and crab rolls.  If you try nothing else, the hot rocks are amazing - marinated paper thin pieces of beef that we put on the hot rock and then ate.  Sure it was expensive but who cared.  The crab rolls had a bit too much bread and not enough filling but very tasty.Everyone but me had a steak which they said were cooked perfectly and tender.  All had the twice baked potatoes and they were presented in a different and appealing form, no one could eat all of them.  Of course I had to be different and had sea bass over lobster risotto.  Best sea bass I ever tasted.  The risotto was very good but to deem it lobster was a bit over kill.  I found one small piece of lobster so just tell me you cooked it in the water from the lobster and it'll be more believable.  One hint, if you want a salad, plan on sharing.  I ordered one as did my husband and I think we had enough to share with everyone.No one had room for dessert although we sure wanted to try.  We're going back again next month to Las Vegas and in October.  One of those times we'll go to Stack again.
4	My husband and I came to the Mirage on our honeymoon, and decided to eat at Stack before hitting up a Cirque show. The hostess asked if we were celebrating any special occasion, which I tought was nice. The server came over with a Champagne toast and one of the on site photographers came and got a couple nice shots of us. And probably one of the best steaks I've had in a long time!The food is extremely high priced, but worth it if you're willing to spend the extra dough. After all, it IS Vegas so why not?!
5	I never eat in hotel restaurants, but my crew had heard good things about this spot and we were staying in the hotel. We decided to indulge.Now granted, I was definitely under the influence of alcohol by our 8 p.m. reservation, but the large filet I consumed was literally the best streak I've ever eaten. Grilled to a perfect medium-rare, super tender and with a tasty, but faint sauce that really allowed the meat to shine.Don't get me wrong, it was fucking expensive. But it's Vegas, go big or go home.
4	good food with little wait; nice vibe.
1	I did not enjoy the food or service here. Not busy and they got my order wrong. Then it was poorly cooked when they did put the right dish together. Management is incompetent, I called the Stack group to complain and they were unreachable and unresponsive. Go somewhere else!
4	I'm ashamed to admit this, but I walked out of this place a few years ago while on vacation with a friend....hence, we are no longer friends.  She originally picked this place based on a martini she wanted on the menu.  We sat down, they said they no longer made that particular martini and for some reason the $50 steak we said we'd get for dinner was no longer what she wanted for dinner.  I told HER to tell our server we were leaving...she just didn't want to eat there.  Since then I HAVE wanted to go back because I always like a GOOD meal for my final night while visiting Vegas and I go every year.Fast forward to 2014, last week to be specific.  I already told my friends about my previous experience of not eating here and they were down for whatever.  I don't know how Stack compares to the other higher end restaurants in the Mirage but I was determined to eat here regardless.For starters, I was super impressed with the wine, drink, and dessert menu on an ipad...fancy schmancy!  Being my last night in Vegas I figured I had to split payment (cash/charge) for this meal and asked if we could get separate checks.  I must have asked our waiter too many questions because he kept his cool though I sensed I was getting a bit annoying...I did compensate him with a tip larger than 20% on my portion of the bill.I ordered the petite filet, adult tater tots, and a glass of cab.  YUM-O!!!! They were all amazing!!! Yes, expensive but you get what you pay for with good quality restaurants.  My friends loved their meals as well - one ordered steak and the other ordered salmon I believe...I'm not sure, I was too into my own meal throughout dinner.We couldn't decide on one thing for dessert so we got the dessert sampler and everything that came on there was amazing as well.Go here...really, just go!!!!!!!! ...and stay for your meal, too! :)
3	Stack was the spot to be 5 years ago. But frankly it hasn't aged well. The drinks were absurdly expensive ($19 each!) but they were indeed delicious. They were a good size, too. The food was overpriced as well - and amounted to pub fare. Their shrimp app was essentially fried shrimp of a Red Lobster quality. The lamb gyros were good and we had the burger for a main course. The burger was outstanding - but $34? Daniel Boulud has a $35 burger in NYC that is stuffed with Fois Gras - this was just a burger. Ambiance is awesome. Overall it is glorified, expensive bar food in a nice setting.
4	Great place.  Upscale and Very very pricey!  We went with my husbands boss and a coworker of his while in town for a conference. The food was great and the hostess and service staff we're friendly.  For the appetizers we ordered the hot rocks where you cook thin steaks on it.  Very cool. We also ordered the buffalo chicken wings, which had the right amount of kick and they were very easy to eat with only one bone sticking out.  The perfect sophisticated buffalo wings. I ordered the butternut squash ravioli with kale, and they were amazing.  The others at the table ordered steaks and were satisfied.  You do order your sides separate.  We had two orders of adult tater tots at the table and they were a big hit! The drinks were great too.I would highly recommend this place
2	Our experience at Stack was a cluster. I approached the hostess & told her I had a 6:00 res. She said "no, it's at 6:15". Then she answered the phone, got off the phone & asked my name. After telling her, she said "yes, for 6:00". Uh... what just happened? We were seated early, the restaurant was at about 1/4 capacity yet we were stuck in some awkward corner table, like we were in timeout. Being tall women in heels & our proximity to eachother, the table was quite uncomfortable. Already, my best friend is annoyed. Drink order taken & received with no problem, at which time we placed our food order: lobster rolls, lamb gyros, shortrib meatballs & gratin potatoes. Our waiter insisted we keep a menu, in case we wanted to order anything else. A retrospective quote from my best friend "make sure you hang on to a menu, because I won't be back!" Food came, food was delish. Although the lobster roll was fresh & flavorful, it's embarrassing what a ripoff it is. If I recall, it was $23. I'm all about paying for excellent food but there was maybe a tablespoon of the lobster mix. It was worth $7, at most. Our empty plates sat at our table for 20min. No drink refills ever, no check-up ever, no offer for a dessert menu (our most favorite part of dining somewhere we've never been before), no offer for our bill. Now, we're running close on time, because the Boyz II Men show that brought us to the Mirage starts at 7:30 & is on the other side of the casino. So, we're visually stalking the man who appears to be a manager, hoping we can get his attention & let him know about how badly we were neglected. But, his head was down at all times... straightening napkin rolls at empty tables. To the point where it became comical. Here's an idea, apply that attention to detail to the patrons! It was so bad that I actually told my friend that we should just walk out because nobody would notice. Finally, someone came to ask if we wanted dessert. I told him we were now running late & that we needed the bill asap. He brought it right away &, to be honest, we struggled with the tip. Generally 20-30% tippers, we barely were enthused about 15% but we were hoping that the ONE person who did pay us attention- the water boy- would get a cut. On the way out, I grabbed both managers' cards so I can send them an email about how the sh!tty service completely undermines the good grub. The ambiance is cool, the menu has the perfect variety of food & it's worth going back for. Unfortunately, though, we won't be.
5	Came here with my girls for a Bachelorette party. We all got the tasting menu and every single thing was so yummy. Each item they brought out was simple and delicious with a kick. The night got even better when our waitress brought out free (yelp check in) shots for all of us! Thank you so much! Love the service and the atmosphere. I'd recommend this place to people looking for good food, awesome service and a fun atmosphere.
5	I brought my best friend here for her birthday on Memorial Day Weekend Saturday which had the potential to be a disaster but it was excellent.  I highly recommend the yellowtail appetizer and the petite filet was cooked to perfection.Their menu has something for everyone, even those with dietary restrictions. I told the waiter that I needed gluten & dairy free options and he actually took the time to go thru the menu and point out everything that naturally fit my requirements or could be adjusted to.  He even went through all the sauces I needed to avoid and which menu items they came on. For someone who has had 5 star restaurants and resorts say they couldn't accommodate my diet this was spectacular!The manager Doug was amazing, we were sat right away despite being 15min late for our reservation (girls will be girls after all).  He stopped by the table several times to ensure our service and food met our expectations.  He even brought over a very nice bottle of champagne (not sparkling wine) for the birthday girl.This was, without question, one of the best dining experiences I have had in Vegas.  As locals we tend to expect poor service, even in the best restaurants, and Stack set a new bar for me.  I could not have asked for a better way to celebrate my friend's birthday.As an aside: We had a waiter (who was not ours) come to our rescue when a very intoxicated man came over to our table as we were enjoying the last of our champagne and tried to pick up my friend.  I wish I had gotten his name to extend a personal thank you for preserving our girls night!All in all this is a must try dining experience in Vegas!
4	For a special evening out to dinner, much like a birthday or anniversary celebration, this place is wonderful. There were next to zero variables from this place that dissatisfied me. For what I was looking for, a cool delicious and upscale place to celebrate a birthday, I found what worked well. It is a very hip atmosphere, dim amber lighting a contemporary canyon motif radiating with electronic music from a house DJ. The food, expensive as a given, was very good. Just prepare to spend a lot of money on what is definitely worth it for how special a place it really is. Service is also top-notch, we didn't have to ask for a thing and the waiter certainly earned his generous tip. (Plus the tender behind the bar mixing drinks was adept.)if I had one observation it would be that it wasn't very crowded, given we ate on a Tuesday night at 9:15. If you are looking for a very lively bar scene you might wanna find many of the thousands of hip bars in Vegas. However it was quiet and intimate which allowed me to focus on my party members.Eat here, you won't leave disapointed
5	Ended up here after the Daniel Tosh show on Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed every minute and every bite!! I ordered the petite filet which  was larger than The typical petite filet and cooked to perfection. They serve steaks with two sauces and the balsamic sauce was to die for. Also shared the steamed asparagus which were the largest asparagus I have ever seen along with the adult tater tots with my friend who got the seabass with risotto as her entree. Glad we ended up here instead of portofinos next store, pleasantly surprised with the quality of food and excellent service. Will definitely go back here next time I'm in vegas!
4	I came here for a company dinner for 10 and it was great! The only down side was that there wasn't a solid selection of vegetarian items, even though they had one or two entree's and the waiter helped out in selecting items for us he could make veggie which was great.  Granted I didn't expect a vase selection of vegetarian items but overall still great place to go and enjoy! Thanks for a good time!
4	Love everything about Stack!  Food and service are both amazing and it a great place to have dinner with your friends and not have to worry about being to loud.Some of my favorites:  Tatar Tots, Lobster Tacos, Seabass, Mint Chip bon bons, and Christys Raspberry Lemondrops!
4	Myself and two other girl friends celebrated one of their birthdays here.  Fun place for a night out.  Tried just about every appetizer on the menu.  Really great food and drinks... a bit pricey for the portions though.Recommended
5	This place is ammaaazzzeeballllss! I had the bone in filet mignon, to DIE for! The mac & cheese, pigs in blanket, Ahi and their beautiful beverages! Not a bad thing about this place for me, simply amazing. And the dessert! Oh my.. try the raspberry filled donuts, you will melt. highly recommend this place.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars, but only because they undercooked our steak. Honestly, other than that, the steak dinner for two was fantastic. My girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our 7th anniversary at this classy establishment.
5	Have eaten here 5+ times and have not one complaint. We have taken my nephew here for his 21st birthday and my cousin here for his birthday twice as well, both saying this was the BEST steak they have ever eaten (and, yes, we eat steak at nice places frequently). This is a must-go to restaurant when we are in town celebrating a special occasion. The Mac n Cheese is to die for and this time we also tried the mushroom side, and one of my cousins who does not even like mushrooms loved them! Like I said I have not ever had one thing bad here and no complaints over service either.
4	Had dinner here in July 2014.  The food, setting, and service were all good.  The food is pricey but we knew that going in.  We had a great corner booth and were attended to immediately.  We had the hot rocks which is cool but pricey for the amount of food.  We had the king crab mini tacos...awesome!  We split the stuffed lobster ($74, worth every penny).  We each had a couple Magic Hat #9 (love this beer, as we both grew up in VT).  Our waiter Manny did a great job.  The restaurant is dark, but has a romantic feel.
5	Food here is great! Ambiance is nice too. Love my spaghetti bolognese, my boyfriend got the maine lobster and it was really great! Two thumbs up!
2	The wait staff was slow and inattentive; the bone-in rib eye was mediocre at best; the atmosphere was way too loud for a nice sit down dinner.We arrived on time for our reservation and had to wait 30 minutes before they gave us a 4-person table for our party of 5. We kept having to flag down wait staff and bus boys passing by because there was always something missing. First there weren't enough place settings, then not enough forks, then not enough plates when we clearly stated the steak was to be shared. After we finished our food it took us 15 minutes before we could flag down someone to bring the check. It was such an underwhelming experience we didn't even ask to see a dessert menu, nor were we offered one.The presentation of the seafood tower was great and the seafood was very fresh, which is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1.
3	The food here was very good until I found a hair in the Mac and Cheese.  However, the manager was VERY accommodating and took a bunch of items off the meal, gave us shots, etc.  This definitely doesn't make up for a hair in the food but it was nice that they were so understanding.  If the hair incident didn't happen I'd probably give this 4 stars.
4	The food was awsome the service was slow our servers was great until they sat him a party 12 and waited it on it alone shame on management that table all had bottled water and 3 different bottles wine and appetizers  we were then ignored and forgot about  the fod was awsome the  flat iron was great  the the chicken was 2 huge breast  all food was seasoned and the sauses amazing our server forgot us and our little 30  to 40 dollar tip he forgot about  he was going for the 400 tip  hope he got it he did not get much from me  dinner for 2 will run u 200 but it is worth it
4	Service was amazing! Props to the Roasted Tomato Soup, it was fabulous!The appetizers were really fun, Pigs in a Blanket and Short Rib Meatballs were delish, Adult Tater Tots were a little rich but worth a try. Drinks: Pineapple Mojito was a little too sweet but the Chopin Shandy rocked!
4	I was in Vegas for the Star Trek convention... yes. at the Rio, but my hubby came to visit me and so we went to a fancy date night here at Stack in the Mirage.AMBIANCE:This place is dark. If you wanted to take photos of your friends interacting and such, don't do it here. It would require flash and blinding your friends. The place is chilly too, so bring a light coat. Very trendy,FOOD:I got the sea bass because everyone on Yelp said it was delicious... and it was pretty good. It was SMOOTH. The taste was great, but after awhile it became meh. It could had been because I was full but it was good if you're not full.Lobster - husband got the lobster and that was good. It wasn't spectacular but it was good. It better be for $80.Chicken Wings - my husband loves chicken wings, so we got this... and it was good. Very small - which was expected but really good.Adult Tater Tots - mehSERVICE:Very high end fancy so it was good. Standard.OVERALL: It was a good experience. Pricey but you get what you paid for. We wanted the nice lavish just for the date night in Vegas.
5	If you ever inside Mirage Hotel come check out Stack Restaurant. The food is amazing, great atmosphere with live Dj, or just stop by the bar great bartenders( Kristi, Susan) are fast and Courteous!!!  I have to say the food is a little pricey, it's worth every penny!  My favorite the chicken wings
5	Amazing service! Our servers Rob and Heidi were fantastic. Made our whole experience lovely! Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Came here for a B-day dinner. Thoroughly impressed with service. Rob and Heidi served us and it couldn't have been a better time. Very happy overall. Will recommend.
5	Rob and Heidi are my servers and they are Awesome! 6 out of five stars for sure. The 10 oz. flat iron was so good and the service was great. Not to mention the architecture in the restaurant was really cool. I recommend this place if you go to Vegas regardless of if you are staying in Mirage or not
5	went for dinner last night...everything we had was delicious!   we had the "Hot Rock" appetizer...it was really good and fun to cook the meat on the rock.   For dinner we both had the filet...so tender and full of flavor...I added the jumbo shrimp and my brother had the lobster tail!   we had the boston cream pie dessert...it was one of the nightly specials....the ginger ale sorbet that came with it was awesome and like nothing I have ever had!   The meal was wonderful and the service was top notch!  Don't forget to check in on Yelp....they give you a complementary shot from the bar when you do!
3	The food and ambiance at Stack were great, however where they excel in food, they lack in service. The 3 star rating is based purely on the food. When we were seated, it took the server a bit of time to greet us. When she approached the table, she seemed a lilttle overwhelmed. There was a quick introduction of herself and her partner. We ordered drinks and they took a while to get to us - our friends weren't drinking and only got soda and that seemed to take a while as well. Once we ordered our apps and meals, we didn't see the server for a while. We wanted another round of drinks, but since we never saw her, we weren't able to order a second round. She didn't even deliver our entrees, it was her partner along which another gentlemen. When my boyfriend received his steak, he commented on how large it was. Her partner (I wish I remembered his name) stated people usually don't expect it to be as big as it is. A few minutes later, the server approached the tabled and asked my boyfriend if he wanted the steak for a single or 2 people. Before he could answer, she stated she forgot to ask. I found this a bit odd. My boyfriend said he ordered the dry-rubbed steak and she immediately knew it was for a single, but it wasn't what she entered as the order. She simply shrugged her shoulders and walked away. When we received our check, we were charged for the steak for 2.  My boyfriend didn't want to make a big deal about it, so he went ahead and just paid the bill.  As her partner came to run our card, my friend was going to say something, but ended up stopping mid-sentence. Her partner, noticed there was some awkwardness and stated he knew what we were debating about and said he would fix it. He clearly read our cues and responded quickly. He ended up bringing the check back without charging us for my boyfriends steak on it and apologized for the inconvenience and mistake that took place. We thought it was a bit much, but he insisted. We were floored by his customer service for a mistake he didn't cause. As I was signing the check, the female server came back and said she was going to fix the check. When I stated her partner had already taken the initiative to fix the check, she stated that he didn't know what he was doing  and didn't know what was going on. She removed the check presenter and went back to charge us for the steak. Basically - threw her partner under the bus. Let me make it clear, we didn't care to have to pay for the steak, but the customer service aspect of this server was frustrating. Her partner was wonderful, but she just seemed to busy and overwhelmed the hostess should have probably stopped seating her. We still tipped 20%, but only to ensure her partner would get his fair cut. After the initial mistake, she never once apologized nor seemed to care that she made a mistake and failed to provide great service.
5	I've always had a great experience at Stack and often find myself craving their specialty wings.  I could eat those things until infinity.
5	Tried a trifecta of the adult tater tots, mini-gyros, and short rib meatballs.  Each was perfection. Those taters...
4	Tatter Tots.  'Nuff said.  Oh, and they're filled with bacon and cheese.  Fried perfectly.  Delicious!The ambiance was trendy, but as some of the other reviews state, definitely dark.  The portions were a nice size.  Wait staff was attentive and helpful when asking questions.  Great mixed cocktail selection as well.  Overall nice experience.
4	The only negative about this place was that my man joked about getting to keep the iPad (a portion of the menu was on it) and the waiter stated that we could, if we could get away with it. Obviously, we were joking, but he took the iPad away and I had to ask for it twice to browse through the cocktail and dessert menu. Seriously dude? I don't think we would be eating here if we couldn't afford an iPad. Anyway...We were able to place reservations with this restaurant same day and they were very prompt in seating us on a Saturday evening. The place was not packed. They took into consideration the fact that we had a concert to go to later that evening and served our food quickly. We skipped appetizers and got the Berrylicious cocktail, the braised Atlantic salmon, adult tater tots, mac & cheese, and the ultimate Kobe burger. All of it was good. The adult tater tots were unique and delicious. The salmon was perfectly cooked. Order the Kobe beef burger medium. I didn't get to try dessert, but their dessert menu had over 6+ items and were browsable through that iPad I mentioned earlier, you know, the one we were "trying" to steal.I think I would definitely come back here for a special occasion. It is somewhat pricey, with the Atlantic salmon be $39, but it was definitely good. Our bill totaled approximately $145 including tip. Hopefully, they don't think we are thieves next time!
5	Ate here with 12 other girls in July. Got the pre fixe menu... it was amazing... wish I had 2 stomachs to eat ALL the food. Can't wait to go back.
5	Went here for my birthday meal with my best girlfriends and was pleasantly surprised. Our server was friendly, attentive, full of smiles and good recommendations. I ordered the black sea bass which was cooked absolutely perfectly. By far, the best sea bass I've ever had. We also ordered steak, mushrooms, asparagus and a cheeseburger with hush puppies. The mushrooms....oh the mushrooms. I could eat a bowl of those everyday. The steak was obviously good too but comparable to most any other steak house. The only draw to this restaurant is it's extremely loud. Otherwise, the food is great and the price is fair for the quality.
4	the front desk girls nearly made me turn away from this place.  no smiles.  looked bored and annoyed.  the place was nearly empty and they asked that we stand to the side while they find us a table.  seriously?!  but once we were seated the tone changed.  the waitstaff was really friendly and very knowledgeable.  we had fun using the ipad to look up a bottle of wine to share and enjoyed looking at the beautiful dining area.  we asked who the architect was and the waiter said he couldn't remember but he went and found out for us which was really cool.we decided to get a bunch of small things instead of a meal.  the adult tater tots are amazing.  I suggest getting 2 orders.  the cheese is melty and amazing and the bacon flavor is strong and lovely.  the lobster rolls were a total disappointment.  the toasted bread was a waste and the lobster was small and uninteresting flavor.  the tuna tartare was a huge portion on a bed of avocado - I could have eaten the entire thing - insanely good!  and the rock shrimp were very good also.
5	Came here for a birthday dinner with a large group and had a very nice time. The place itself is beautifully designed and very chic. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the service was attentive but not distracting. Definitely a great place for a special dinner in Las Vegas!
4	Went here last night for dinner. Great decor but the music was too loud and did not fit the decor. Fabulous caesar salad and the sea bass was literally the best I have ever had. Twice baked potato was ehh. Yummy cocktails though and the fall trio dessert was killer. Service was spot on. They have an awesome pastry chef there.
4	This was our "big meal" for the Vegas trip (although we ate very well the entire time). The atmosphere is great - tiered wooden ceilings and a dark ambiance. I ordered the Tomahawk Rib eye ($62) and my wife ordered the tomato soup with grilled cheese and a Caesar salad (about $25). The steak was amazing! Incredible char with a bone that will interfere with those in close proximity. While we expected to pay quite a bit for the meal, we didn't count on a single Margarita being $25. A few things of note: the darkness makes it incredibly difficult to tell if your steak is done to your liking (I prefer medium, and mine was quite rare - thanks phone flashlight for coming to the rescue). Additionally, we wanted a little privacy and got a secluded booth in the back... Until they sat a party of 2 adults and 4 children (under 10) next to us.   In any case, it was a great meal. Expect to pay quite a bit (especially if you're drinking or like sides with your meal).
5	Stack is one of the most beautiful restaurants in Las Vegas, and most definitely the best steakhouse in town. I dined here for my mother's birthday and had the best experience from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out. The restaurant itself is gorgeous with luxurious African mahogany tables and wooden pannels tiered in a way that reminds me of the Antelope Canyon in Arizona. The lighting is dim and the music was up beat creating a fun yet intimate atmosphere.              To start off, the ladies at the door were very friendly and welcoming. Before we had time to approach the host stand we were already greeted with smiles. We were sat right away without waiting and the hostess wished my mom a Happy Birthday which was a very nice gesture that made her happy.        Our servers, Zach and Manny were very attentive and had menus ready to go for us as soon as we sat down. My mother was unable to eat meat that night so she ordered the Seabass that comes with a delicious Lobster Risotto that literally melts in your mouth. Being a steak lover I ordered the Petite Filet with a side of Truffle Mashed Potatoes that have a unique taste unlike the regular mashed potatoes. For appetizers we shared the infamous Hot Rocks which are thin slices of sirloin beef in a spicy zesty ponzu sauce. Not only were they delicious but it was also fun to get to fry the meat on a hot rock at the table. My mother and I also ordered the Pigs in a Blanket and the Yellowtail Sashimi; they were equally delicious as everything else. Zach, our server made suggestions for our wines and we did not regret it. Since my mother had the Seabass a cold glass of Sauvignon Blanc was a perfect wine to top it off and I had the Prisoner red blend that went perfect with my steak.            The manager sent out a dessert for us that said Happy Birthday on the plate. That was very kind of him and made my mother very happy! It was a delicious Warm Chocholate Cake with a scoop of ice cream. It was the perfect size because after such a heavenly dinner we barely had room for anything else.            Overall experience was one of the best I've had as a diner. Everyone was attentive, approachable, and welcoming. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting or living in Vegas. Stack is the place to be!
4	This place has nice location and a very hip bar scene. I don't really like sitting in the main dining room I love the bar scene. They have a wonderful selection of appetizers that make it great to munch on before a show or hitting the club. Also have a pretty tasty cocktail menu and a friendly staff. Must try their little wings and tatter tots stuffed with Brie and bacon. Mmmmm
1	We waited at least 20 minutes to get our drinks and over an hour to get our food. One of our group got the spaghetti bolognese and said that it tasted like it was from Denny's. The food was overpriced and mediocre at best. The service was terrible. We had to get up multiple times to ask for a server to be sent to the table. It took over two hours to have our meal and not because we were taking our time.
4	Fantastic bone in filet! Very nice ceasar salad and seafood tower appetizer. Very good service for our group of 20. Pricy but worth it!
3	Beautiful restaurant! Beautiful food presentation! Wait staff awesome! Food - meh - especially for the prices. Would only go if someone else way paying.The adult tater-tots were SO DISAPPOINTING! Boo!
2	Great atmosphere, good food but way over priced. My wife had a $34 hamburger if that gives you any idea.
5	We ate earlier this year for the first time and I thought well maybe it wasn't as good as I remembered.  It was just as good and maybe better.  We took the Pool Manager to dinner since she's been so helpful and this is her favorite place, well worth those feelings.  Started again with a couple of appetizers, had the hot rocks again, yum, and pigs in a blanket and wings.  All were absolutely amazing.The men of course had steak but not being a steak eater several of us opted for the vegetarian entree which were shells stuffed with spiced butternut squash and what I think was a cheese sauce.  Then there were sprinkles of crisp kale on the plate.  Believe me I could have licked the plate.Our guest said we needed to try the donut holes so of course even though we were so full we couldn't move we said ok.  there are I think six of them and they are hot from the oil and in the middle is some absolutely amazing jelly.  We each managed to eat one and even though we were full, worth every mouthful.Just one note - if two of you want salad - split them.  I always forget and get this huge salad and don't finish half of it.  We will make this our go to place every time we return to the Mirage which is usually four or five times a year.
3	Oysters good. Chicken was smelly. Adult tater tots good. Took our servicer for.ever. to split our checks. Mediocre across the board.
5	My husband & I ate here last night. We are still talking about our meal 14 hours later. We had no reservations but were seated immediately. The Ahi Avocado Tartar was to die for! The Tuna was fresh and melted like little cubes of butter in my mouth. We each had steak (omg heaven!) and a lobster tail. The lobster had a brie creme sauce that elicited an uncontrollable moan with every bite. We will eat at Stack every time we come to Vegas from now on!!! Service was great and the whiskey selection was amazing.
4	Great dinner!! The sea bass is a must!!
5	The steak. Indescribable. Absolutely perfect. Get the mushrooms too. Good wine, great service. Cucumber mojito is smooth too.
5	I would fly to Las Vegas just to go there again.The atmosphere was poppin.  Music on tilt.The dishes were very creative, imaginative.My wife's dish was carpaccio on the rocks and the yellowtail tiradito, the salmon.She cooked her own meat over the hot rocks: brilliant and entertaining. I had the burger.Perfectly executed, onion rings infused and all.Dessert was jelly filled donut with white dipping lava for our dipping pleasure = redic.We had the key lime too, highly recommended.Can't go wrong here gang.
5	Delicious and worth every penny. Great service and all a round great experience. A must try is the surf n turf. Will feed 2 with some for later. It was so worth my money.
5	Amazing food and service! Friendly staff!
4	This restaurant is a hidden gem inside mirage hotel and casino. There is a bar like vibe, so as soon as you walk in you'd expect it to be more like a bar than a restaurant.Upon being seated, you will have like 2-4 waiters constantly checking up on you. i ordered the tomahawk steak. it was around $60. Might I say, this was one of the most juciest and tender steaks ive ever had ~ it melts in your mouth. expensive though. The appetizers weren't that good. I tried the baked mac and cheese. Did not like it.
5	Shared the 40 OZ. Dry Aged  porter house along with a butter poached lobster tail.Service was top notch.  We'll be back in Feb. and we're for sure coming back for dinner.
4	The tomahawk ribeye is worth every penny! Melt in your mouth beef with a pat of herbed butter and two sauces: green peppercorn demi and a red wine reduction were a perfect match! I got the brie tater tots, but they were a bit on the rubbery side. I'd have preferred a crunchier texture, but the taste was very good. I also had the hamachi sashimi app, but that's not really worth talking about, tasted good, but very boring. I'd cut it from the menu if it were my place. It just doesn't match the rest of the menu very well and you can get a much better taste of hamachi at a sushi restaurant.
4	I'm probably rating this a little short.  But I normally reserve 5 stars for the complete surprises.  But Stack did really deliver on all levels.  The design was interesting yet somewhat romantic.  The DJ made it a little loud but unless that sort of thing bothers you it was fine.  Service was top notch and very attentive.  They even responded well to an oddity.  I was hit in the head by flying glass.  I think a drunken cowgirl (hey, it's rodeo week) at the next table over couldn't handle her cocktail.  The staff from bussers to manager changed out all our drinks and cleaned the glass around our table swiftly.  Nice response by all.  We had the pigs in a blanket for an app.  Nothing fancy but just the right size and surprisingly tasty.  The sea bass with lobster risotto and shellfish broth was excellent according to my better half.  I'm not a fish guy but had a taste and it was very good.  I hit up the special which was Bbq spare ribs with potato salad, okra, and corn bread.  Fell completely off the bone.  Excellent smokey flavor.  So good I didn't even want to use any of the extra bbq sauce provided.  But it was quite good in its own right.  Forced ourselves to split a dessert and glad we did.  Had the raspberry donut holes with vanilla sauce.  So good and a nice sweet finish to such a savory meal.  Not a cheap meal but hey, you're paying for the quality and service and they make it worth it.  There will definitely be return visits in my future.
5	Teddy is literally awesome! Best service beast attitude !!! Best drinks!!! ALL AROUND AMAZING would recommend any one other then him!!!
2	Made a reservation and ate as a group of five on Tuesday night.  Had originally gone over to Japonais next door but their dining room was closed, we chose not to eat in the lounge.  Upon being seated, we were immediately addressed and offered water.  That came quickly but after that it clllllll sloooooowed dowwwwnn.  Don't come here if you are in a rush.Server came back after a while to see if we were ready, it had been a fair amount of time.  Upon ordering it took even longer.  About 40 minutes.  The waiter never came back after being served to see how things were.....We all were done for a bit before our table was cleared.If this was Outback I would have no issue, but for the prices they charge, I would expect much much better.  I will give the fact with the Rodeo in town they were busy, but they had all day to prepare and make are they had enough wait help and they failed.The steaks were $55+, you expect to be served properly and this place did not do it.
3	I came to Stack on my 21st birthday upon my first visit to Vegas. We stayed at Mirage and bought a packaged deal which included entry to Jet club and dinner here. We ordered the Hot Rocks with thinly sliced sirloin, tuna poke tacos, yellow tail sashimi, we each ordered a piece of steak and the corn soup. I wish I could provide pictures because I must say, the corn soup was delicious! Probably the best soup I have ever had! It was just so creamy and perfectly cooked with the right amount of seasoning. Honestly, that was the dish that stood out to me the most at dinner haha Anyway, the ambiance of the restaurant itself is really nice. Lights dim and a tad orangey. Lots of seating and the servers are great. No complaints, they tended to us properly at dinner. They provided me with a complimentary cake because it was my birthday which was nice. We had also ordered small pieces of chocolate brownie that came with a side of vanilla ice cream. This restaurant isn't anything to rave about per se but it did feel elegant, good service and okay food.
4	My family & I came here for the Christmas holidays. We had an amazing server, Rob, who accommodated our party of 9. He was so attentive and continuously checked up on us. Despite how busy the entire restaurant was, he was still able to provide fast and efficient service. As soon as we were seated he provided us with drinks. He also helped us with the menu items. He had great recommendations. He was so sweet he even gave us a round of pineapple upside down shots!What we ordered: Tomahawk Ribeye -- My dad enjoyed this. Perfectly cooked (medium rare) & great flavor.Porterhouse -- If you're looking for a good amount of meat, this is a great choice. Brooklyn Filet -- Probably my FAVORITE of the bunch. Amazing texture & great flavor. Melt in your mouth deliciousness!!! Seabass -- Lobster risotto was amazing! Sauce was a bit on the salty side. Added a bit of lemon and it was perfect. Lobster curry -- Tasty, but I would recommend a steak. Wasn't worth it to get this dish here as there are other great dishes. Sides: Creamy mashed potatoes, Asparagus, Tater toes - all were DELICIOUS! If you're looking for a great steak restaurant I highly recommend this place. Only downside is the loud EDM music. My parents were not a fan. But overall great food and amazing service. If you ever come to stack ask for Rob. He's the best!!!
2	The curvy wood ambiance was very nice but the food was terribly overpriced. $34 for a burger?  Come on!  Between my husband and myself we had wings, adult tator tots, hot rocks and pigs in a blanket. The wings had great flavor and the steak in the hot rocks was good but you just get nothing for your money. Hostesses weren't very friendly and wait staff was nice. I wouldn't return.
2	I made reservation at this steak house because it was my son's bday and I wanted him to experience fine dining .When we arrived to the restaurant the hostess was very rude.  We were staying at the Mirage. We are VIP guests at the hotel.  We got to the lobby a bit early so we decided to get a drink at the bar. We asked the bartender if we are allowed to take our drinks to the restaurant and he said yes, for sure. The hostess at the restaurant rudely asked for our drinks .We stepped out of the restaurant to finish the drinks and went back to the hostess desk. She again asked  to have our glasses in a unfriendly approach. I was with my husband and 10 year old son. It took time for the waiter to come to the table. The waiters and bus boys were running back and forth without attending to us for about 10 minutes. The atmosphere made us uptight instead of feeling a relaxedatmosphere. We asked for bread and the only bread was with ham. We don't eat pork , So we passed. Then I started by ordering the Mac and cheese for my son and that too had ham.  The waiter said that he can whip up some pasta and butter for him. I ordered chicken and my husband ordered an Cesar's salad and a couple of appetizers. my husband asked to speak with the mgr. We explained the situation and experience we are having. He understood and apologized and asked if he can get us some plain bread from the other restaurant, and we said yes. The mgr said he was going to comp my glass of wine, I thanked him. The check arrived,i review'd the charges, they comped the drink and the two appetizers, (which I thought was very nice considering the experience). I saw they charged $33.00 for the pasta. That was suppose to replace the Mac and cheese at $14.00 and I questioned that with the waiter and he snapped at me and said "we comped your appetizers". So what that meant is they needed to make it up with an overcharge on the small plate of pasta and butter. I paid cash and will NEVER go back to the place to eat again. We were very disappointed .. FYI , it was my sons Birthday and I made everyone aware. The waiter didn't acknowledge him in anyway, which is soo unprofessional. I will spend my money elsewhere where they appreciate the customers.
4	This place is good! Service was attentive. The ambiance is good. And it's easy to find in the casino floor. I had the tomahawk steak and it was delicious. But eat it warm as it has a slight crisp on the outside even if it's rare on the inside. I wouldn't say its tender like butter the way others have described it here, but its still pretty good. However, there's literally a cut of butter on top of the steak so maybe that's what that reference is for. It's a fatty steak so you'll cut a bit off but thats common for this cut. We also had the kale salad and the seabass, both of which were also really delish. We had no problems with wait time as some others mentioned. We told our server ahead of time we were going to the Boyz II Men concert in the casino and they brought the food out surprisingly fast. It's not cheap but most good things in Vegas are not. But I'd pick this place over any of those overpriced buffets for sure.
4	Food was awesome. Great decor. And excellent service.
4	At Aquagrill the Oysters were fabulous and I enjoyed the Chilean Sea Bass. It is a must dining experience. Excellent service by Mark and the bartender made delicious pomegranate martinis.Ambience is lovely and it is a must destination for dining.
4	This is the best steak in the Las Vegas area, period!
4	Loved it. My wife had the Steak cooked perfectly and I had the most amazing Ricotta Gnocci. I grew up in an Italian home where gnocchi was my Grandma's special dish. And these.... well no disrespect were better. They melted in my mouth. The sauce. Awesome. On top of great food, the waiters were friendly, not arrogant and acted as though they truly loved working at this place. Their knowledge of the food was rich.
5	NV has an endless number of restaurants and I plan to try a few of them in each visit, but this one is just incredible, so from now on I will always include it in my trips to NV.   for the ricotta gnocchi, the sparkling cider, the desserts, the service. everything is just perfect.
4	Friends who travel to NV always make it a point to eat there. It is now on my list to return to next time I am in the city. Everyone in our party loved their dishes. I highly recommend the Eggs Norway (Eggs Benedict but with salmon).
4	The Room we sat in had the beautiful artwork. The food was great as was a wonderful Spanish wine that was inexpensive on an expansive and expensive list.
2	Stack did not "stack" up to what it should be for these two prime reasons:1) Unfriendly waiters.2) Extremely high priced for what it was. We spent the same $$ at Cleo in the SLS and the food was phenomenal.Next!
4	This one is a tough one to rate.  On one hand, the food is very good (not the best I've ever had but very good), the decor is REALLY cool,  and the hostesses were exceptional (and no, I'm not just talking about looks....but, they are pretty dang foxy).  On the other hand, the music is waaaaay too loud, the prices are absolutely outrageous, and the servers, while professional, were not all that friendly (seemed rushed and somewhat frantic even though the restaurant wasn't full).I hosted a business dinner, part of ten, we had no real complaints, but when you're laying out that kind of cash, you want the service and atmosphere to be through the roof awesome, and therefore, only four stars.
