4	Giant restaurant, two bars, gaming tables, and broiler right in the middle of the dining room. Very friendly service. Great liquor selection, but skip the $20 gin & tonic. Excited to go again and try other things.
5	Had the best most tender steak of my life at try bazaar meat.  Some kind of aged beef sent from heaven!
5	One of the best dinners I've ever had in my life. I frequent my favorite restaurant Mastro's very often and while I love it Bazaar has a total different kind of menu. You can't go wrong ordering anything from this place. The Vittore Carpaccio was amazing! Amazing service + ambiance as always (other locations).
4	The food, just like The Bazaar in Los Angeles, was absolutely delicious and our server Eddie was very personable & nice but because we were referred by a fellow SBE manager & employee, we expected management to be more courteous & attentive. We asked 3 different people to see the manager Kristen (someone referred us to her) and she neglected to show up. Overall the food and atmosphere made up for the lack. Get the chicken pot pie poppers ;)
5	No one on earth was waiting for this restaurant to open more than me. I was a regular at The Bazaar in Los Angeles. They treated me like a queen. They also treated everyone else like that, but who cares, because ME!I only went in for a tasty snack because I was alone and it's been a year and a half since I've been to the restaurant - I could wait no longer.The staff is so nice and accommodating that they would probably help you move to a new home.It feels like a thousand tiny hugs.My snacks were magical and there are a thousand new menu items that I can not wait to try- as this is a different concept restaurant. I love this restaurant. I would marry it if it were socially acceptable.
5	Goodness, I have to laugh at the two star review by someone who feels slighted because her presence wasn't acknowledged. Lol! That said, our experience was spectacular, and not only because the staff made us feel like royalty, but because the food and service was just about impeccable in spite of it just being day two of service! Our order included:ChicharronsCotton candy foie grasBeefsteak tomato tartareWaygu beef cheeksBlood sausage with uniClamsJamon De toroTortilla SacremonteRobuchon potatoesAnd few more plus a 10 pack of desserts to go.I had some wine while the bf sampled many of the specialty cocktails and beer. Table side cocktail service is quite a pleasant surprise too!We decided not to go with anything from the grill order for this first visit because we were just two people and wanted to taste as much as possible, but next visit (for my bday in November) we'll be a larger group and will definitely be heading in a meatier direction!
4	First, let me be clear.  We did not officially eat at the restaurant.  Instead we sat at the bar and ordered the various appetizers.   Some were amazing, others I could have done without.   So here is a break down.   The cotton candy foie gras was strange.  The idea was better than the execution.   However, it was a unique taste.   The sloppy Joe was also a bit of a miss.   It is basically meat on an open toasted bread.   It was just okay.   Not great, you can skip it.  A MUST SKIP is the shoe fries. Salty, salty, salty, salty.   We sent them back and they did a new order which were equally as salty, salty, salty.  AVOID the shoe fries unless you like salt.  Now, moving to the MUST TRY.  The baby corn was amazing.  Small baby corn each covered in mayo and chilly.  I thought it could use more spice, but it was great.   The ensalada Lucia is also a must try.   Little bite size Caesar salads.   Each bite is delicious.  Another must try is the suckling pig sandwich (open food, not on the bar menu: but ask for it).   The roast pig is perfect on the bread with a dash of mint.   It is an amazing sandwich and ten times better than the sloppy Joe.  Ask for the pig, not the slop.  Now, if you want to try something different.   It is sweet, salty, and buttery all at the same time its the foiffle waffle.   It is an expensive little desert-like dish.   The mix of salt and sugar is interesting.   It is an acquired taste and thus would leave it as a must try for those who like to experiment different flavors all at once.   Over all, I would have given them 5 stars, but the sloppy Joe and the shoe string fries lowers the rating to a 4.   Great atmosphere and will go back and try the restaurant in the near future.
5	While other restaurants market themselves as being different, Bazaar Meat delivers the goods. With a massive menu -- physically heavier than most and with more variety of items than other steakhouses -- this place really is unique. As soon as I learned their opening date I snagged reservations for our party of four. I'm typically weary of new restaurants, but as a fan of Jose Andres I had to give it a shot.From beginning to end our meal was outstanding. To start, a dozen oysters ($34) -- six medium sized, briny and meaty Paradise oysters and six small, more mild Kusshi oysters. There are four types of tartares on the menu. The classic ($24) is prepared tableside and served with parker house rolls. Don't be afraid to make yourself a steak tartare slider, I did and it was fantastic.The list of starters is where Andres' influence is most evident with items like cotton candy foie gras, tacos, chicharron, and croquetas. The dish that jumped out at me, though, was the s'mores ($30). Four to an order. Each with wafer thin graham crackers sandwiching slivers of chocolate, velvety smooth and rich foie, and torched and blistered hunks of marshmallow. Try to stay composed after eating one. It's impossible. They're so good you'll be banging the table or letting some expletives fly out of shear amazement. They are sweet, so next time I might consider getting them as a dessert.Side dishes are delicious as well. Andres takes a playful jab at Joel Robuchon's pomme puree with his own rendition of mashed potatoes ($15) with a menu description that reads, "butter, butter, more butter, some potatoes." On the lighter side are the Brussels sprouts petals ($12), served with grapes, apricots, lemon air, and lemon puree. My favorite side was the baby corn ($13). Grilled and topped with mayo, chile piquin, and popcorn powder it's the perfect combo of heat and sweetness.Our group shared the Spanish-style bone-in rib eye ($80/lb) from Washugyu Ranch, Oregon. It's cooked on their Josper grill (part oven, part grill. Google it. I had to and it looks cool.) using charcoal and grape leaves, giving it plenty of smokiness. It isn't cheap at $80 a pound. Our steak came in at 3.13 pounds, which equals an empty wallet at the end of the night. But, it's one of the best I've had in town. Desserts are on the small side. They're about the size of single serving buffet desserts.  We ordered ten ($25) consisting of five different types served in a cute bakery-style box. The order: dark chocolate and olive oil cream puff; dark chocolate and aged rum cake; caramelized puff pastry with bacon, strawberries and cream; milk chocolate peanut, and caramel tart; and caramelized puff pastry with chocolate, caramel and sea salt. All were great, particularly the dark chocolate cake and the bacon and strawberry puff pastry.Service was exceptional all night. Our server (formerly of L'Atelier) and busser offered great recommendations and checked in frequently to make sure all of our needs were met. The only negative is that their dessert menu didn't list all ingredients for the dishes. My friend, who has a nut allergy, reacted to hazelnuts in the dark chocolate and aged rum cake forcing her to rush home after dinner for allergy medicine. Luckily, she was fine and we had a fantastic meal. Bazaar Meat might be the new kid on the block, but in my book they're already one of the top three steak houses in Vegas.
5	Tony was the best waiter everrr!! Coming from LA, I'm used to Bazaar being a truly spectacular experience but this was above and beyond. The food was everything. The decor is strange and perfect.  And the cocktails...oh the cocktails! Perfect dining experience all around.
5	I go to the Bazaar in LA quite often, and Bazaar Meat is amazing! I'm glad they have the cotton candy foie gras since stupid CA banned it. Everything tasted great!!
5	Extremely happy The Bazaar has come to Las Vegas. I've missed the cotton candy fois gras dearly, and probably had a year's worth in one meal to make up for it. A few things are different, and there's an overwhelming amount of meat choices, which is wonderful. Not a big fan of the nori meat tacos, I think the anago cucumber ones in LA are better. Also, the Philly cheesesteaks are missing too, which was a bummer. But, the wagyu beef was on point, the wine list is solid, the patisserie tasty, and everything else was great. Glad the Magic Mojito made the cut too!
5	Four legged meat, or meat with fins; Bazaar meat has you covered.  If you've been to the Bazaar in LA, you might be thrown off a bit at first glance of the menu, but don't fret, it's still definitely all meant to be shared (or not if you come very hungry with a definite craving for a certain type of meat).From colonial murals to crocodile heads with jewelry, the decor is pretty SLS with the exception of mouth savoring meats on display across the 5 separate kitchen across the floor.  What they produce is mouth watering success.What we had:Cotton candy foie gras, Asian tacos, suckling pig sandwiches, 2lbs of the Harris ranch and mini corn.Everything was amazing and we're all dying to go back for the whole suckling pig with a larger group.The cotton candy foie gras is a great combination and awesome starter.  Asian tacos is Europe meets Asia and equally great.  The suckling pig sandwich is one of the larger appetizers but wow!  So juicy!  The steak was perfect and we all loved the shaved salt, or whatever it was, seasoning encrusting a perfectly cooked slab of meat.  And if you love corn, you have to try the mini corn with mayo and popcorn powder.  Out of this world!Bazaar meet doesn't stop there though.  The service is second to none, and our server, Tony, was spectacular and knocked the evening out of this park.  If you can sit in his section, you won't be disappointed.We can't wait to be back!
5	Another fantastic night at bazaarJose andres impresses me with the most flavorful, exotic dishesKristen the manager is on point with her servers and staffThe tuna tartare, asparagus, beef tartare, mushrooms, and crab are a must
3	I've eaten here twice since grand opening (oysters, smoked oysters, chataeubriand, ribeye, suckling pig, asparagus, roasted corn, wild boar sausage, au gratin potatoes, etc.) Here's the bottom line, the food is good but not great ESPECIALLY for the price ($150-200 / pp for 2-3 pieces of 2.5 lbs of ribeye between 6) and the service is very lacking. I will give you that it's the first week of operation but come on, you don't bring the entree literally 20 minutes before the sides and you don't replace some of the party's silverware and plate ware and not the other halfs.I will go again in a few months to see if things have improved but until then it's honestly 2 stars compared to it's competition. My bonafides: I've also eaten at most of the major steak places in Vegas as well as across the country. I've also eaten at Robuchon with Robuchon cooking for our table, Guy Savoy, Latalaier, Alex, Le Cirque, E', etc etc etc.UPDATE: I took Yassine, the GM, up on his offer for another meal for my friend's deployment going away party. The service was very good which is what you would expect if the GM is arranging your res and he kindly comped some of the meal. The chef sent out some apps: cotton candy, croquettes, chicharron, and we ordered the tartare. Shared the strip steak and pork loin for entrees with a variety of sides. Food again was hit or miss with the pork loin, for example, being very dry and while everyone was very nice, still had some service mishaps with the sides coming out well after the entrees, for example. I gave them another star (understanding that the GM personally invited us back) but they still have a ways to go to compete with others at their price point along the strip. I haven't totally written them off, though.
3	Cool place but can't eat dinner at the bar!!!!! Stick with STK at Cosmo. Great bartenders!
2	I don't know why I continue to waste hundreds of dollars at SBE restaurants when I've never liked a single one. I keep hoping they're going to live up to the hype and they never do. The only reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one is that for once, the server didn't act like we were privileged to be dining there like they do all ALL the SBE restaurants in LA. She was actually friendly and nice, not snooty.First, I called for a reservation 10 days in advance after seeing nothing available on the day we wanted (Friday 9/5) on Open Table. The girl on the phone said nothing was available until Tuesday 9/9. A few days later, I looked on Open Table and 8pm on Friday was available so I booked it.We get there on time and the place is 70% empty. I wonder if they just keep spaces open for walk-ins, yet they don't tell you that on the phone when you try to make a reservation. The place stayed empty until about 10pm when we left.We ordered the foie gras cotton candy, chicken croquettes, beef Carpaccio with parmesan, peanut fed serrano ham, flat iron steak with blue cheese, baby corn,  and Anna potatoes.The foie gras, croquettes, carpaccio, and ham were good, not amazing. The flat iron steak was bland, the anna potatoes were so saltly, they were inedible. I sent them back and they still came back covered in salt. They forgot the baby corn and the steak took so long, they sent out a free gazpacho, but that wasn't good either. I didn't realize that they forgot the baby corn until hours later, but at least they didn't charge us for it.Bottom line, go to Animal or Bestia in LA. You'll save a hundred dollars and have much better, creative dishes.
1	Went with five people and had a horrible experience.  We all ordered steaks and side dishes and one steak came after 30 minutes. Then after another 30 minutes another came. Then 15 minutes the rest of the meat came. After we were finished eating the steaks our four appetizers came.  Food was average and cost very expensive.  Would not go again.
5	Bazaar Meat may be the best meal that I have had yet in Vegas.  I came here on a Wednesday night last week without reservations.  The hostess was very nice and said that if we wanted to have a drink at the bar, she would try to sneak us into a table.  I was eating with my coworker, Mr. Riches.  Luckily, because itwas just two of us, she was able to get us a seat after about 20 minutes.We ordered a handful of items between the two of us.  Mr. Riches and myself started with the foie gras wrapped in cotton candy.  It was outrageously amazing.  Other highlights included the rib eye, the tartar, and the braised lamb neck.  We originally did order the suckling pig, but after about an hour, our waiter told us that they were out of it.  At first we were quite upset, but they did make up for it by bringing some croquettes, and cauliflower steak for free.  In addition, in the middle of the course, the waiter made some rum sorbet with liquid nitrogen that was just outrageous.  I don't think that this is normally free, but it was just a great surprise.In the middle of dinner, I also looked behind me, and saw that Mr. Jose Andres was sitting there himself eating.  I looked at what he was having, and it was suckling Pig!!!  I joked that Jose took the last of the suckling pig.  The waiter assured me that he didn't, but I still bet he did :-).  Regardless, I felt as though the restaurant made up for it, and it will be a reason to return.  I do wish that Jose made his round around the tables so I could have gotten a picture.  Instead, he just quietly sneaked in and sneaked out.Overall, this was a great meal, and I can hardly wait to go back!
4	Great dining experinece. Courteous and knowledgable staff, great decor and ambiance. Spectacular menu and some great unique cocktails on their cocktail list. The name of this place says it all MEAT. If you have a vegatarian or vegan in your group you may want to skip Bazaar Meat lol. Everything was excellent and  many of the cuts of meat you can order in whatever portion size/weight you want and are priced per ounce. It may be considered pricey for some but the quality of the the food and level of service warrants the price tag in my opinion. The only drawback to this place is that it is inside the SLS which is decent but over hyped and WAAAYYYY on the far north end of the strip. I think in the long run the location will hurt this place. I loved it but not even sure if I would return because I woukld never stay at the SLS again and being off the beaten path doesn't help.
3	It should really be called Bizarre Meat -- cuz no one with cheese nowadays is content to eat NORMAL meat. Nowadays, apparently, it's all about foie gras waffles and cotton candy foie gras and shit. Hello -- regular-ass old meat is SO 2008!!Anyway, you check your social conscience at the door when you go to a place like this. So I did, and it was a pretty good meal: beef carpaccio sliders, jellied/deconstructed olives, mini bagel ice-cream cones stuffed with lox/roe, ribeye, super-buttery mashed potatoes and mini-elotes. And then, the piece de resistance....and symbol of all things foodie frou-frou: the foieffle. (That's a foie-gras-waffle...pronounced "fwaffle," as in, "twatwaffle.") (As in, only a REAL asshole would order this!!!!) Yes, a waffle with foie gras baked into it, smothered in peanut butter and honey. Now, where I come from, we use peanut butter to mask the awful taste of psilocybin mushrooms. WHY would you forcefeed a poor helpless goose for ten years, only to bake its fatty liver and serve it to some asshole who can't stomach it, so masks it with peanut butter??! It's the ultimate insult!If you are a member of the 1%, afflicted with chronic ennui and unable to stomach anything that hasn't been jellied/truffled/deconstructed into submission...You will love this place!Enjoy, you supercilious motherfucker!!!!!
3	Had the 10 desserts chosen by the chef for $25. We were given 3 tarts, 3 truffles, and 3 cream puffs. 2 of the cream puffs were filled with chocolate. I was under the impression by the waitress that we were having 10 completely different desserts. I didn't end up taking a second bite of any of the desserts. They weren't bad but nothing pleased my palette. The cream puffs were dry and cream filling uninteresting. I don't remember the truffles other than the earl grey which was the best out of the 3. None of the tarts worked for me. I liked the passion fruit tart until I got to the banana strawberry tasting yogurt at the bottom. If it was filled with just passion fruit I would have liked it. Chocolate raspberry tart needed less raspberry and more chocolate. The dessert sampler is a good idea because of the variety it offers but each individual dessert is not good on it's own. The presentation of the desserts far exceeded the taste of the desserts.
5	Cotton candy foie gras, crispy and tasty chicarron, roasted iberico ham....fun and very flavorful all. The iberico ham with roasted apples was a great and flavorful dish. We shared 6 dishes and our server Chris was super friendly and helpful in our choices, oh and funny too. All his suggestions worked. Cotton candy foie gras with some crispy. I think it is bubu arare or something like that. But what is weird, is this works. They have all sorts and worth coming back to try the whole roasted suckling pig....
1	I have to say this Bazar is nothing compared to the Bazar in Beverly Hills. We came here expecting good food, class and great service. Unfortunately we were disappointed. Beverly Hills Bazar set our standards high. The Vegas one is not even close. The food was not good. It was a typical steak house. Service was mediocre. We got our oysters and side dishes after the steak. Don't go to this Bazaar expecting the great decor and class u will find in Beverly Hills.
4	First and foremost I just want to say we only sat at the bar for appetizers and drinks. I will update my review for when we actually have a sit down dinner here. I was slightly disappointed that this wasn't the same Bazaar concept as the one in Beverly Hills, CA. BUT Jose Andres can do no wrong in my eyes. The bar is absolutely beautiful very tall ceilings and huge! this bar could probably sit up to 50 people I'd say. Nicole was our bartender and boy was she a character. Very funny and sweet. I started out with a Pisco Sour (my favorite cocktail) and it was pretty damn good. Its so hard to find a bartender that can make a great Pisco Sour. Andy had a scotch drink but i cannot remember what it was called.We had a dozen oysters to start, wow they were amazing. we loved how small they were. It seems the smaller the oyster the more fresh they taste. Then we moved on to the Sloppy Joe sandwich. This was truly tasty, beef bolognese, fried straw potatoes, on a steamed bun. Cant go wrong with that! We finished our little snack with a few Tahitian Vanilla cream puffs. I will seriously come back for those. Amazing. All in all we had a great experience here and will be back for an actual dinner.
5	The new Vegas SLS itself is so-so, but this place redeems it and is off the charts AMAZING! Not sure where to start, but I am salivating just writing this. Bar scene is great. Service in the bar and the restaurant is A+ (Jeremy took great care of us for dinner), and not something you seem to see much anymore with that level of professionalism. Ambiance and the "open grill" kitchen (along with the aroma) are beyond words. I've been to Bazaar at the SLS in Beverly Hills, "E" by Jose Andre in the Como, and now here, and none of them disappoint. We'll definitely be back (hopefully soon...).
2	MEDIOCRE at it's finest! Fine dining without the fine dining experience! Let's talk about first the service: I didn't even know my servers name? He didn't introduce himself and he didn't even show up for a least 10 minutes when we sat down. Didn't give us a drink menu right away, sat there looking stupid because we didn't even get any recommendations all he said was "it's good" he was French I presumed with an accent.  We started with the beef carpaccio with the Parmesan sticks? It was good, but the sauce served with it was very salty. Tuna carpaccio was OK with a strong anchovy dressing.   Entrees: the Spanish seasoned rib eye wasYummy but did take an hour to arrive (he did mention to us that it would). The PULPO was my favorite (grilled octopus) just the way I remembered when in Barcelona. The side dishes sucked!! We sent back the babycorn with the popcorn season? Was too salty, the sweet red peppers also over seasoned, I guess the Delmonico potatoes were the best!   I will not return, if you want a good steakhouse try Jean George's at ARIA
5	I've been to The Bazaar three times now and while they had a rocky start during their opening, I can now say they are easily one of the best restaurants in Vegas.I was happy to find out that they had the Cotten Candy Mojito and the Liquid Nitrogen Cocktail there like they do in The Bazaar in Cali. And the Liquid Nitrogen Cocktail was actually better in Vegas.The Beef Carpaccio, Cotten Candy Foie Gras and I can't remember what it was called but the succulent pig sandwich was amazing.The most delicious thing I've probably ever had was the Jose Asian Tacos, served straight from god's serving tray. I was told why the meat was the best there is but I forgot. They're tiny but worth the splurge. There were also these small little carmel tarts that were phenomenal!   The service was spot on and our waiter, John, was very attentive. He had a lot of great recommendations and made sure we were taking care of. Can't wait to come back!
4	1 - The drinks: Manhattan was delicious. Served with an ice sphere (no cube). Gf had the Leatherette. It was smoky, flavorful, and strong. One of the tastiest cocktails I've imbibed. 2 - The foie gras wrapped in cotton candy: what???? That's a thing??? Single bite. Experience of flavors you don't expect. Sensory explosion. Delicious doesn't adequately describe the experience. 3 - Chefs selection meat plate - fresh, and you can really taste the meat. The pig tastes like pig, not pig and chemicals. It also tastes like acorn, peanuts, or whatever the animal was fed during its life. We thank it for allowing us to eat it. 4 - classic tartare: slightly acidic (in a great way) absurdly tender, and the perfect consistency (I hate watery tartar!). Served with "Parker Rolls" that are without question the most yummy rolls I've ever tasted with my mouth parts. Tiny, salty, buttery balls of goodness. Pro-tip: Make sandwiches with the tartar and rolls!5 - suckling pig sandwich: sizable portion. Carmelized onions, crisp pig skin with tender meat, buttery flakey delicious panini-style bread. Our favorite dish of the night. 6 - skirt steak: tasty, well cooked, whole grain mustard. Not "outstanding," but still very very good.7 - butter butter butter potatoes: essentially mashed potatoes (but don't call them that) that are incredibly creamy and well-seasoned. Oh so good. 8 - FORGOT: the chicken croquettes!!! These little buggers were terrific. Chicken and bechamel. Inside a fried croquette shell. And served in a LUCITE SNEAKER. Might be just me, but I think it tasted better that way...Very pricey. I suppose I have to dock a star for that, right?
5	I was very fortunate to have a reservation on my birthday (Sept. 9th) after having being open for only a couple of weeks and let me tell you that my experience was nothing "bizarre" at all.Everything that we had was amazing. Got sent some complimentary Cotton Candy w/ Foie Gras and that was the kick to a wonderful start. Then we went with the mini Foie Gras soup, tacos (Iberico Ham with smelt egg wrapped in seaweed), Bison Carpaccio (so tender topped with celery and blue cheese) and the Live Uni (probably the freshest I've tasted here in Vegas) for appetizers. All so amazing.The Uni was so good that we had to try the Live Uni (again) on top of Blood Sausage and THAT was divine. For entrees we decided to split the steak that was half wagyu and half angus (honestly forgot what it's called but it was too interesting to pass up) and the Suckling Pig Sandwich that was bursting with fatty flavor in each and every bite. I seriously have dreams about it. For sides we had the Baby Corn that was topped with popcorn dust. That didn't disappoint as well.Felt a bit more adventurous and ordered the Beer Tartare that was done table side and was very fresh and flavorful to the palate to balance out the fattyness from the previous sandwich. Seriously. I hope everyone orders this.On top of that, both my cocktails were done table side. The Cotton Candy Mojito consisted of an actual cotton candy fluff sitting on top of a martini glass then later diffused into liquid while pouring the liquor onto it. The Don't Be A Lemon was done with liquid nitrogen causing smokey sensations for necks to be turned throughout the restaurant. What an experience. And since it was my birthday, they were generous enough to send a birthday box full of different desserts in them- all were so good and nothing short of ordinary. Overall my experience is worthy of telling anyone to try to book a reservation at Bazaar for whatever reason. Don't pass this place up. It'll be sure to deliver towards your expectations 100%.
5	Incredible service and meal.Got two free dishes: old-fashioned/modern olives (bomb and I'm not an olive fan) and the bagel lox cone (raw dill was too overpowering)Here is what was paid for:-beef carpaccio-beef tartare-fois gras cotton candy-suckling pig sandwich-catalan spinach-delmonico potatoes-veal chopAll 5/5. Definitely ate too much but I wouldn't know which dish I wouldn't order.
5	Went to Bazaar Meat for the second time today.  Had to have the chateau briand again because it was so good the first time.  It did not disappoint.  The delmonico potatoes are excellent.  Creamy and rich and more delicious than you expect.  Definitely be prepared for an adventure - it's not your typical steakhouse.  Had the pigs in a blanket and the sloppy joe and they were both great.  Service is very professional and friendly.  The GM Yassine is charming and attentive.
4	I would give this place 3.5 stars, but because you can't, and the service, including the friendly kitchen staff, I have bumped this up to 4.  The Chicken crouquets were great.  As for the meat dishes, the quality of the meat was 5 stars.   The flavors were good but not great.  I came here with one other person but would recommend coming with a bigger group in order to sample more of the offerings.
5	The food here was excellent! The service was beyond expectations. YL, the general manager and his staff provided some of the best service I've experienced in many 5 star places I've been to. Natalie made me feel welcome as soon as I arrived and did an amazing job with menu recommendations and making sure orders were nothing less than the highest standards. I am a regular at the Bazaar in SLS Beverly Hills and I will definitely be coming back to this Bazaar every chance I have.
5	This review was so hard to write because it is very difficult to put this type of dining perfection into words.  I will say that this restaurant has not only earned a 5 star review, but it has become the standard that I measure other possible 5 star restaurants against.  Yes. It was that good.  First of all, this restaurant is stunningly beautiful. The place boasts four separate kitchens which take the "Open Kitchen" concept and put it on steroids.  The largest of the four kitchens, the meat kitchen, is in the center of the restaurant and offers 360 degree views of the meat being cooked.  The contraptions (seriously, I can't think of a better word to describe it) where the meats are being cooked are one of a kind and can be described as works of mechanical art.  The bar is beautiful and the hand crafted cocktails all look delicious.  I tried the cotton candy mojito (which is actually served up in a martini glass) and it was so good.  Perfect combination of sweet and tart! The food is second to none in this tapas/small plates style restaurant. I went with my husband and another couple. Here is what we ordered: Cotton Candy Foie GrasLucia SaladBison Buffalo Style CarpaccioBeef & Parmesan Grissini CarpaccioYellowfin Tuna CarpaccioSalmon TartarSuckling Pig SandwichHarris Ranch Black AngusBaby CarrotsGrilled AsparagusThe Lucia Salad are individual endive leaves filled with dressed parmesan and a small sliver of anchovy. This starter is super tasty and the anchovy is definitely the star here.  The carpaccios were absolutely outstanding.  I even liked the Bison which I normally do not care for.  The combination of blue cheese and pickle flavor combined with the Bison is both unique and excellent. The Yellowfin Tuna was the best that I have ever had.  My favorite, the Beef & Parmesan Grissini, was beef wrapped around grissini and served with a parmesan dip. I don't eat pork or foie gras but everyone at our table who tried the Cotton Candy Foie Gras and the Suckling Pig Sandwich said that they were both delicious.  My girlfriend said the pig was delicious but a touch on the rich side. Instead of these, I ordered the Salmon Tartar and I loved it.  The combination of the salmon and creamy avocado in this dish is so good, I hated to share it.   At this place you order your main dish first as the steaks can take up to an hour to prepare, as well as your sides.  Then you order several small plates to taste while you wait.  Our main dish was the Harris Ranch Black Angus Steak and the sides we chose were Baby Carrots and Grilled Asparagus.  Because of all of the small plates that we ordered, my party of four split one order of the Steak and one order of the sides.  The steak was perfectly seasoned and exceptionally well cooked.  I was pretty stuffed by the time it came to the table but make room for it I did :) I'll admit that I really don't remember much about the service. The food here just kind of overshadowed everything else about the place.  It must have been flawless as the food, and the drinks, seemed to be flowing. Speaking of the drinks, my husband really enjoyed the sommelier.  He said he was very knowledgeable and down to earth.  Based on the reviews, I was expecting this place to be much pricier than it was.  The four of us ate for under $600 and that included a bottle of red. Definitely would not call it inexpensive, but I have happily paid more for a meal of this caliber. I would absolutely recommend this spot and I can not wait to go back!
5	Went to Bazaar during a "staycation" First, the decor and environment are very enjoyable. Very interesting decorations, good music (not too loud), and comfortable seats. Second, the food was fantastic. We had: Chicken Croquettes, Fois Gras Cotton Candy, Tuna Tartar, Jose's Tacos, Oysters, Brussel sprouts, Veal Chop, Skirt Steak, Delmonico potatoes, and Robuchon potatoes. If it sounds like a lot of food, thats because it was. But everything was amazing. I left the restaurant full and happy. The skirt steak was the most tender steak I have ever eaten.Third (and probably most important); the service. The service was incredible. Our server Tony has a passion for what he does, and it shows. I have been to great restaurants that I hated because the service was terrible or the server was grumpy. In a nice restaurant, service can make or break the experience, and in this case, the service definitely MADE the experience. The manager Hien was fantastic. He repeatedly checked on us to make sure everything was to our liking. You can see the employees here pay attention to the details, which makes this place well worth every penny spent. I highly recommend!
5	Superb dinner. Made reservations early, based on Yelp reviews and our experience with Bazaar in Beverly Hills, as well as Jaleo (we love both. The one in Miami, not so much). Great evening all the way through. Not close to the strip (former Sahara? there is a monorail from MGM), but beautiful and whimsical atmosphere. We have brought a mixed crowd, including a preteen and a teen, as well as business associates. Some guests were late, but the restaurant did not rush us at all. All guests, both experienced foodies and not, loved it. Got a great table, and an excellent an knowledgeable server. He took time to make a separate presentation to those guests who were late and one for the pre-teen girl who was overwhelmed with unknown food choices (she loved the food after all). Take your time and hear all about the chef and the inspiration and the story behind the dishes. We had a slow tapas start (timing was perfect with each dish, giving us a chance to share, enjoy and discuss). The meat sharing idea is brilliant (got a couple of different steaks, chicken, etc.) to share. Presentation and quality outstanding. Throughout the night, never felt pressured. In fact, when we asked if we should order more entrees, the server advised that we had a great selection and that we would be fine. He was right. Absolute must to do in Las Vegas, not cheap but worth every penny for a truly special meal. Will definitely go back, think this will fit for any occasion, from a romantic meal to a business dinner. Perfect.
4	Awesome service, food was amazing. We ordered suckling pig but were out. Can't fault we ordered at 10:30 on a Friday night. Ordered cavier flight,  Spanish  ham and wagu steak = fabulous meal.
2	Highest highs and lowest lows.  The classic tartare was the best anyone at our table had ever had.  Soooo good.  Suckling pig Sammie's were off the charts. Truly delicious. Octopus was inedible.  An unchewable mess that we sent back.  Without a doubt the least flavorful and most disappointing 200$ steak I've ever had.  How do you not season what is obviously such a high level piece of meat.  The others dining w me felt it was undercooked. I felt if was under medium rare but that's neither here nor there.  It didn't taste good.  I can do better at home.  Why did we spend $850 on dinner?
5	Big big fan of this place!!!!! We had an amazing dinner last night, love the way the restaurant is set up... They have different station for chefs. Everything we ordered was delicious.....
5	Wow. Just wow. The suckling pig was amazing. My cocktails were fantastic as well.  The foie gras cotton candy made me laugh out loud. Too bad the sls isn't doing well, if this place can keep up this kind of quality this is an anchor property. Jose anders knows his stuff and not just an absentee celebrity chef. He comes in often. Kudus to the staff for an excellent well orchestrated 5 star experience.
5	Jose Andre's eateries are usually tapas style, and Bazaar Meat is not different... EXCEPT for the big meat dishes, which really required 4 people to eat if you also want to try the smaller plates, which are EXCELLENT. Some favorite small dishes include the epic foie gras cotton candy, and the foiefelle. The Waygu on a bread stick with espuma was also amazing, and the chicken croquettes are always tasty, but you can also get them at Jaleo. It's really missing the Philly Cheesesteak from the Beverly Hills locations to really make it the epic Bazaar location.The large meats are really big, like 2.5 to 3 lbs each. They have a roasted pig and 3 types of beef as the main large portions of meat options, including two Waygu options from the US. The large meats take 40-50 minutes to prepare, so you eat the tapas while you wait. If you're a fan of Jose Andres, GO ASAP!
5	Aside from a slow start (they forgot about us!) the experience was amazing. I forgot the name of our server but he was knowledgable, engaging, and funny. Everything was incredible. The croquetas de pollo were amazing. Nice crust, and warm perfect middle. My gf loved the cotton candy foie gras. We both agree the beef cheek was the best thing we had eaten in recent memory, I would go back just for the beef cheek  incredible experience, and absolute must in Vegas.
3	My wife and I came here with another couple.  The ambience was really unique, with hanging and fresh meats on display.Unfortunately our main course was a disappointment.We ordered a 2.5 lb ribeye and it literally had no taste. When you spend ~$50/lb for your steak, you have to expect exceptional taste, so needless to say we were disappointed.They ended up comping our desert, but when you spend $400 on a disappointing meal -getting $20 worth of deserts doesn't make the customer want to return.
5	Absolutely one of the best meal experiences I've had. Food was beyond great. Was exotic and delicious but still fair portions. Best part I enjoyed was the staff. All were very nice and helpful while keeping a fun approachable personality not common in a place such as this. Highly recommend for business get togethers. I look forward to when I next get to eat here.
5	Two items that you MUST ORDER:(1) Beef Rib Steak: Lindsay Ranch, OR, Washugyu/Angus 90/lb.(2) Robuchon (butter with potatoes -- SO MUCH BUTTER!)TIP: When you make reservations, make sure you don't get the communal table!
3	The food is nice and what you can expect from any Jose Andres restaurant. I recommend the classic tartare, it's yummi. The drinks are also very nice. The nitrogen rum (or sth like that) is wow. THOUGH the service has much much to improve. We didn't feel that we were treated as we should have for the money we spent... we are big big foodies but we are also service suckers. The food 5* the service 3* it is worth trying if you get the right service.
5	Crazy expensive but worth it. It's vegas. Splash out. Buttery mashed potatoes, dry aged meats from all sorts of animals, all delicious. cocktails are good, ice cube game on point. wine list was great but also spendy.
3	The Chicken Croquettes were very delicious and the service was great.Not so awesome on the vegetarian/vegan options though, really as implied by the name.
1	an awesome experience but i'm just not sure how to justify spending this much money for a dinner.  I had a total 5 adults that i hosted including myself.  The bar bill was likely right about $200............with that, i would assume that a NICE dinner for 5 (higher end) would run about $70-$80 per head (after all, how much can you eat)............wrong.My bill was $998.  We did not eat the finest meat, we had the mid range meat.  We did not order a whole pig, we ordered 1/4 pig and we did not order lobster for everyone.  We shared three vege side dishes and 2 potato side dishes........the food was excellent, the ambiance was inviting, service was "ok"........but the pricing at the end of the day is more than i can stand to pay.  you will see if you look at my profile that i eat at some decent, pricey places and don't mind paying for such.........but at some point I have to ask about value for the dollar. If you want a show and price is no object, you will enjoy JOse.If you just hit the lottery, or hit well at SLS Casino and looking to blow some money, Jose is the place.for the average working man or even executive, it's just too pricey.
3	Great experience and great food! It's on the pricey end so the food was up to par. I wasn't a big fan of their serving style and plating arrangements. We ordered two meats - rib eye and the suckling pig. Both were served on tall platters. It made it a little awkward not being able to see the person across the table. We kept ducking and giraffe necking to have conversations lol. Anyways, for appetizers, we got the dozen oysters, charcuterie plate with bread, and sea urchin. The sea urchin is a must! I've never had sea urchin that good!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it again.Our main course included the Rib steak (washugyu/angus). We ordered 2lbs, which included the bone, so as you can imagine... there wasn't very much meat. It came out pre-sliced but it was a little cold. Not very much flavor but still good. We also ordered the 1/4 suckling pig. It was amazing! Super crispy but fatty on the inside. I couldn't eat more than one piece though. For sides, I can't remember exactly what they were but there was an apple/salad plate, potato dish, and a brussels sprout dish. They were all pretty tasty and helped balance out all the meat.For dessert, we got an assortment of truffles, candy, creme puffs. Refer to the picture, can't remember what each of them were. I was a big fan of the hazelnut one. Tasted like a Ferrero Rocher creme puff!Oh and can't forget the cocktails! First one I had was the cotton candy mojito! It was good but a little too sweet for me. The second was a hit! New York Sour! Get it!!!
5	My wife and I visited the restaurant while we were staying at SLS Vegas.Overall, it was great experience.Every dish we ordered was great, service was excellence.If we get to visit Vegas again, we will definitely dine in again for a romantic night!
5	After my first dinner here and mediocre experience, Yassine the GM reached out to me to learn what had gone wrong and asked if we would come back to try bazaar meat again.  We decided to and am very glad we did. The service and food was impeccable last night as I suspected it would be.  We enjoyed gazpacho shots the massive and amazing chicharon some oysters the incredible roast pork sandwich all to start. Oh and the classic tartare again was off the charts.  A fabulous dish!   Then on to the star of the show... The 2.5 lb rib steak cooked to perfection at medium rare.  And that is what must happen at a steakhouse.  They need to take the beef I can't access as a consumer and use the kitchen tools (wood burning grill) I don't have to give me a unique dining experience.  Bravo.  Here's the deal.  When im spending the amount of money it takes to eat at a restaurant like this, I want it to be so good that I'm thinking about my friends or family rather than the price.  This was achieved last night.  Not everything was perfect but when something was wrong they used excellent service to make it right.  And that is why I would come back to this restaurant.  Thanks again.
5	Best steak I've ever eaten.  We tried the bone in ribeye and the Kobe beef.  It's served family style so everyone can try a little bit of everything.  Next time I'll try the pig.  They were out of the pig this time and it was only 9:00 pm which is early for Vegas. The geoduck and clams were excellent!!!
5	We started off with a tour of the meats and the wood fired grill. Elias our waiter explained how they temper the steak and why it takes so long to prepare. It is rare that I find someplace that cooks better than I do. Bazaar exceeded my expectations with an amazing 2.5 pound rib eye and sides! The service was also great, we had a fun night with lots of laughs and great food!I will be back next year for the SEMA show and Bazaar!
5	This place is located in the SLS hotel near the older end of the Strip, and boy is it worth the trip. Plan to spend a few hours here having some of the best food ever. I was with 6 people sharing a bunch of dishes, and on was good. The steak is outstanding, so are the lamb chops. The chicken is good, and the vegetable side dishes are wonderful. Most of the appetizer are tasty. This is not a cheap place, but in a place where you can lose $100 in 5 minutes at a casino, it is well worth its tariff. Make believe you lost 100 dollars gambling, and then think the meal is free. Whatever works. We spent about 3+ hours here - not rushed, with good friends and good food. Excellent service, too.
5	Hello. I'm a foie gras addict.Bazaar Meat in Las Vegas is a definite dining experience. My friend and I ordered anything that involved foie gras off the menu and was not disappointed. Although the cotton candy and s'mores foie gras bought tears to my eyes, the foie gras soup warmed my heart and my soul that night. Honestly, I didn't think foie gras in soup form could be life changing but it was. I can be cliche and say it was a "spiritual experience" to drive the point home. Dramatic, no? I don't mess around when it comes to foie gras.The meat, the pork, the chicken were all amazing as well.Make sure to come here with people who appreciate good food because otherwise, its wasted on someone who thinks McNuggets is food of the gods.
3	Tried to seat 6 people who made a reservation days before at the bar. Bad design decisions not knowing what direction it wants to go with 3 different design/ colors mixed thruout the restraunt. Menu was BIG  clunky and heavy, and did i mention big. Food was decent enough bit overpriced but poorly stocked, 3 of the items we wouldve liked to get were out. One entree was served after all others were finished duqe to being burnt the first time, Compensated with a few desserts. Server was awesome, one of the only exceptional things from what should be and exceptional restraunt. Will probably never go back. Paid bout 150 each person just if your wondering.
5	Wow, this place is top notch steak house. Probably one of the best I have ever been to, and believe me, I have seen some great spots all over the world. I did not want to leave. You can have any type of venue here and it will be 100% great. I really don't want to go into details much, I'll just post some photos.
4	Overall we had a great dining experience in that everything that we ordered was very good.  The issue is the layout of the menus and how you decipher what to order.  The six in our party reviewed the menus for a while and then decided to let someone, me, take charge of figuring it out.  There are several bite-sized items to order by the piece.  Then there are tartars, carpaccios, cured meats, and shellfish selections to choose from.  The main course selections are again sized and price to share as well.  And, don't forget to order a couple of sides.  All-in-all there are some very interesting and delicious selections but it all becomes a bit overwhelming to try to figure this out as a group.  The irony is that you want to go as a group so that you can sample various things.  Our waiter was helpful in the navigation of it all.
2	Maybe we went on an off night.The food, although delicious, was cold. Our service was too slow to the point I thought we were forgotten about.I would rather go somewhere else, knowing my hard earned money will be going to a delicious and cared for meal.It was worth a try, but we probably won't be back.
5	What an experience!!! Excellent food, excellent service! Our waiter, Eric - was one of the best waiters I have ever encountered in my life. He spoiled us to the max! Their Cotton Candy Mojito is amazing and so was it's presentation. And the desserts... Oh... Just magical. Definitely will be back again!
5	An extremely unique dining experience.  Before even booking the reservation we noticed sucking pig on the menu. A must-try .. tastes like a juicer, fattier pulled pork with a crispy skin.  Unbelievable!  Bison carpaccio lean and delicious.  Mashed potatoes literally melts in your mouth (kidding aside). Oysters fresh and sweet with 3 toppings to go with them. What I didn't like .. nothing!  Restaurant was beautiful and cleverly laid out as well. If you want the whole pig, must order a day early.  Steaks apparently require an hour to cook over the hickory smoked grill .. we'll try on our next visit .. can't wait
5	Ridiculously good. The food pushed my boundaries in all the right ways. The mundane salad was elevated. The "tacos" were like no taco I have ever had & amazing. The pigs in a blanket tasty. The sashimi, veal chop & strip steak perfect. The sausage out of this world. The roasted cauliflower was the most "normal" thing I ate there but even that was exquisite, likewise with the asparagus. The cocktails were unique but totally approachable.I think you get the point. Would I go back? Hell yes! A total recommend. Perhaps my new favorite restaurant, but I would have to try it a few more times. Also they did VERY good for food allergy folks. My husband can't do milk or cheese, which we stated in our reservation and he had a special menu created for him that included all the food items he could order and there were PLENTY of items to choose from.
3	Still a work in progress, but hope this place sticks aroundgroup of 4, started with cotton candy foie gras, foieffle, and giant chicharronnot quite sure if the foie gras appetizers were good or not....leaning towards notbut the chicharron was good, as is all fried pig skin!also had the greens salad, nothing specialwe had the black angus ribeyesteak came out spot on, medium rare as ordered, great cutaccompanied by Robuchon potatoes (mmmm....butter), grilled asparagus (just ok) and Delmonico potatoes (never made it to table, but we ordered second dish of Robuchon potatoes to replace)I have to say that I read some pretty good reviews of this place, and they tended to be generous is their opinions. I ordered the foie gras plates because of the reviews and was sorely left disappointed. I do enjoy foie gras, but the cotton candy one was just ok, I thought maybe the foie should have been seared first, would have brought out flavors better to go with sweet cotton candy. The foieffle was a bit overpowered by the peanut butter, so really can't say that creation was a hit either.I liked the open kitchen, as we were able to watch as food was preparedseating was prompt, even though this was SEMA convention week, that was nicewill have to give it another shot, the steak and potatoes earned another try!
3	The ambiance is mind blowing. I loved the inside grill and the delicious smell. The food was decent. I wasn't overly impressed. The presentation was great. I was more excited to be there than my tastebuds were. The $16 margarita tastes like a $3 margarita.  service was good and not great. It's worth going to once.
4	One of the best meals I've had in Las Vegas.  My only minus star is that if you walk in by yourself, there should be some kind of tasting menu for one person.  I really wanted to try everything and I think I was testing my waiter's patience.   5 Stars for Everyone in the Back of House being so polite and letting me taste a few things.  Sit at the bar if you are by yourself or just with a friend... for sure!   Get everything with Foie Gras in it!  I did that and every item was delicious.  My camera died and I couldn't take a picture of the Foiewaffle but IT WAS AMAZING and so was the cotton candy.Here a few pictures.  I wish I could go back tomorrow but I'm already back in the Bay Area where I live.
2	A Vegas worker recommended this place and for me it's a miss. The decor was super bazaar, however, for me it doesn't tie together well. It's like being in the forest and then hunting all at the same time. Ordered the quarter pig , it was good but not worth $140. I can get the same thing back home at an Asian store for less than $20. The slices of various meat combination plate for about $70 was totally not worth it. There was only one meat that was good, the rest tasted like dry salami or sausage. The cotton candy foie gras was ok, the candy was too overwhelming. The chicken croquetas shoe presentation was unique but that was it. Tasted like fried cheese ball. Oysters were fresh, but you can get that almost anywhere. The steak was dry, I'll pass.
5	WOW, I went on a Friday night 11/21/14 and this ranks in my top 5 of all time.  Everything was Perfect!  Atmosphere, presentation, food, and SERVICE!  I like to look for the best of the best and although other reviews read differently, the night we went was one of the best nights out I have had out. I went with 6 of my  friends on a guys weekend. I will say this is a meat lovers restaurant, if you're not into the fancy, the presentation or the expensive this is not your place. But if you look for the finest then check this place out.  With one bottle of wine we were at $250 a head.  My only complaint and not worth dinging them a star is their wine menu.  It was nice, but was over the top, over priced.  I have many of the bottles they offered in my cellar and I know I what they cost. Double or sometime Triple on high-end mark up is common, but I say 5x prices on some bottles.  I had to choose the cheapest at $160 so I could savor the meal, if I came back I'd bring my own bottle and pay the corkage. Presentation was great, portions were nice, uniqueness was great.Highly recommend.
5	Where do I begin! Like no other dining experience I've had in Las Vegas. Mark took great care of my party and I. He was attentive and his recommendations were spot on. DO NOT LEAVE without trying the smoked oysters, classic tartare, croquetas de pollo, cotton candy foie and the Robuchon potatoes. I had the pork on this occasion and it was fantastic. I've had the beef cheeks and the Harrison ribeye and all are phenomenal. Definitely a unique dining experience. Let the server guide your meal... You will not be disappointed!
2	Note to Bazaar patrons:  if you write a review while in Bazaar the manager will come over and try to passive- aggressively intimidate you at your own table.I would Iike to point out to anyone on yelp that it's ok to not be into a dish and to yelp about it, even if everyone else seems to like it. This is what the Internet is all about. This was actually my second time to Bazaar and I'm still not into it. Am I a bad person for this? Perhaps. But am I entitled to my own opinion. Hell, yes I am!My original review that upset the manager: "Salty blahness. Although I'm not a huge fan of Spanish/Catalan food, this didn't particularly elevate it. In general, if you serve me foie gras on a stick, I'm gonna pissed. Your cotton candy silliness around a little tiny bit of foie gras is an insult to those tiny lives that died for delishiousness. Hype. Hype. Hype. Best part is the music."I still stand by that review and no manager can help me change my mind.  I'm just not into your restaurant. Sorry. PS: staff was nice.
5	This was an amazing culinary journey. The food was perfect in preparation, presentation and taste. Highly recommend
4	What a cool restaurant! The ambiance is amazing and the service is superb. I came here by myself and the staff really made me feel like I was at home. I ordered quite a few things, but what stood out the most was the jamon iberico de bellota. It was outstanding and full of flavor. I also ordered 20 different desserts (yes 20) and I could only finish five. The options on the menu are plentiful and I really want to come back to try more!
5	We ate here on Saturday night at 8pm.  The restaurant was full but the staff and kitchen was not overwhelmed. This was definitely one of the best meals we have had in Vegas. We started with gazpacho shots and also the cotton candy foie gras.. Both very tasty. We had the wagyu/angus ribeye steak -- medium rare -- and the Robuchon potatos. Everything was excellent.  Oscar, our server, was attentive and pleasant without being overbearing. His suggestions were greatly appreciated. Chloe, the sommelier, was also very helpful. She recommended some excellent wines that paired nicely with our meal. We will definitely return to this restaurant so we can try more of the menu.
5	Just WOW. I've been to the restaurant 4 times in the last month and can't get enough. Everything I've had on the menu is outstanding. Chris is an excellent server and the whole F&B team is very welcoming and accommodating. Can't wait to go back! (See posted photos for some recommendations).
3	Being from LA, and a regular of the Bazaar at the SLS here, we were prepared for what should be a fabulous meal. However, I think they're still working their kinks out and learning how to properly prepare the meats as well. Jose Andres is such a great chef, that everything was great. Our only problem was that they kept trying to oversell us and cooked our steak wrong, never told us, but instead, just kept us waiting. and waiting and waiting. And Chateuabriand doesn't' take over an hour. If you've never been to a Jose Andres restaurant, you'll love the Bazaar Meat. the quality is superb and actually the meats are excellently prepared as they cuts are so great. Just give them time to work out the opening kinks and the waiters enough time to understand the menu and the diners. Must get is the cotton candy foie gras. like. MUST GET.
5	Bottom line...this is not a restaurant but a culinary experience. Oscar navigated us through the menu seamlessly.  A must do.
5	Just as delightful the second time around.  Staff is sincerely friendly and passionate about the menu - excellent service and the food was stellar.  This is how I wish every dining out experience could be.  Definitely will be back soon.
3	First time at SLS hotel and Bazaar Meat. I'm from LA and have been to Bazaar in LA so I was excited to try bazaar meat. The vibe was cool and the dinner started off good. Plate of cured meats, carpaccio, rib eye, robuchon potatoes... All good. Then we got the tuna belly steak and it was cooked not seared and it was all fat. We couldn't finish it. Bad ending and it was expensive. I'd check out once and stay away from tuna steak.
4	I'm a big fan of Spanish tapas and Jose Andres.  Also, the best server in Vegas transferred from Robuchon to here. We got to the restaurant 15 minutes before his shift started but we waited.Chicharron:Freshly cooked pork skin...so hot and fresh you can still here the fat sizzle.  Served with a yogurt dipping sauce on parchment paper and they break up the big chicharron into shareable pieces using a mallet. 5/5Jamon Croquetas:Hot breded and fried balls of savory jamon. 4/5Croquetas de Pollo:Served in a glass tennis shoe with a shoelace on even. Hot breaded and fried potatoes with chicken inside. 4/5Caipiranha:They bring a cart and you watch as liquid nitrogen quickly turns caipiranha into a slushy treat. 4.5/5Seta Al Ajillo:A nice side of mushrooms with garlic. I love garlic. 4/5Robuchon:Super buttery mashed potatoes similar to Joel Robuchon's, hence, the name. 5/5Beef Rib Steak:2lbs of steak that's tender, flavorful and juicy. They already slice it up into strips for you. 4.5/5We tried a few desserts: Chocolate Dome, Passion Fruit, Mango and Banana Tart, and Cream Puffs (in dark chocolate and olive oil, and chocolate and hazelnut).  It's hard for me to get excited over cream puffs but these were very good.Eddie was our server and was amazing as usual.  He made a few recommendations. The restaurant itself is quirky. Deer and bull heads, animals with sunglasses on on the back of chairs.
4	My boyfriend and I had made reservations to Bazaar Meat for our anniversary - but you definitely don't have to wait for a special occasion to enjoy this restaurant. I had wanted to try it since we are both fans of Jose Andres' other restaurants in town and did not think we could be disappointed by this one. Plus we hadn't checked out SLS since it had opened.Our reservation was for a Sunday night at 9pm. Before leaving, I had read other Yelp reviews to get an idea of what the must-try items were and what others had for suggestions, so I pretty much knew what I was going to get before we got there.We arrived to SLS about 45mins early to walk around the place and explore. The hotel was smaller than we had imagined (and pretty dead inside) so we had a ton of time to kill. We figured we'd try to check in early in hopes of getting sat a little before 9, but to our luck, they were pretty full and the hostess suggested we wait at the bar with a couple of cocktails, so we did. I ordered the New York Sour and my bf got the Salt-air Margarita. Both were good. We've had the Salt-Air margaritas before at China Poblano at the Cosmo, there was nothing spectacular about this one, but it was tasty.9pm came around and I was watching the hostess, hoping that our table would be next. She sat 2 other parties, that seemed to have arrived after us, before finally coming to get us around 9:15. I was a little peeved since we showed up early and the parties she sat before us showed up after. But who knows, maybe they were late for their 8:45 reservations. So whatev.We started with the Cotton Candy Froie Gras ($8) which is a MUST-TRY. Heck order 2... or 3 each, but save room for other stuff too. It was spectacular in my mouth. We also order the Bison Carpaccio ($26) which may have been the most memorable and unique *flavor-wise* dish that we had all night. I felt like the pickled celery, blue cheese and buffalo wing sauce went nicely with the bison meat. Not your average buffalo wing. I had to try the Jamon Iberico ham as well, but it didn't come cheap at a whopping $70 for a platter of about 10-12 pieces of ham. However, it may have been the most delicious cured meat ham I have ever had. And since it was a special night, we said 'what the heck?!' and went for it. For our main course, we decided to just get the Washugyu Ranch (OR) Flat Iron steak. My boyfriend chose that one because it had blue cheese on it, which was unfortunate considering it was possibly the WORST steak I've ever had in my life! I'm not sure if it was the cut of meat, or how it was prepared, but it was incredibly tough and chewy. I was even having very hard time cutting the steak with a knife. I would not recommend that anyone ever order the Flat Iron steak from here, unless you are wanting to eat beef jerky for dinner.Due to the season, the veggies were limited and the one I had originally planned on getting (the Grilled Baby Corn) was not in season, so the waitress had recommended the Roasted Cauliflower ($12) and we also order the Delmonico Potatoes ($15) and the Robuchon Butter ($15) mashed potatoes (I'd read amazing reviews on it) Both were delicious. My only criticism would be that perhaps the Robuchon potatoes were a little too rich for my taste, but it did say it was basically ALL butter. haha.After that, I was so full, that I couldn't even think of dessert, so I just ordered a coffee and watched my bf enjoy a Tiramisu cream puff and a bacon and strawberry thing.This restaurants only flaw was that awful flat iron, but I've heard the other steaks are killer, so we may have just ordered the wrong piece of meat. Next time, we'll know better.
3	I could be biased because I am not a meat connoisseur in any way (steak is steak to me) and I love The Bazaar in Beverly Hills so much.This restaurant is more of a rustic/Americana hipster kind of place- super fun but not the upscale vibe that I love about the Bazaar.Highlights:Pork skin with dipping sauce, grilled baby corn, skirt steak, carpaccio, creamy mashed potatoes.Most of my 3 star review is based mainly on the fact the waiter neglected us and kept forgetting dishes and drinks after we asked more than 3 times.   I'm sure it could have been an anomaly but either way I wasn't terribly impressed.
3	Went with five others for a Christmas party to Bazaar on Dec. 11.  Nice atmosphere, very noisy - we ordered Tuna steak, a rib steak (2-3 lbs) and 9-11 lb suckling pig, along with a large variety of appetizers. The food was excellent but not overwhelming - at least for $1200 (and limited alcohol consumption). The suckling pig was excellent, steak was okay (I've had better at Morton's, Delmonico's, Prime, - you get the picture). However, some of the appetizers (especially seafood) were outstanding - for instance the sea urchin (uni) was incredibly fresh, Desserts were nice but again not spectacular - there was a bit of a gimmick with sniffing vanilla bean, coffee bean and rum with a serving of vanilla ice cream that I wasn't overly impressed with. I'd go back once in a while - but it's not my favourite.
3	It's ok. They over embellished. Beautiful dining room, excellent service. Nick was our guy, nice beard. He made good recommendations but didn't oversell anything. Beef tartare was the best dish we had but unfortunately it was the appetizer. They have small rolls cut to make tartare sliders. We ordered also the carpaccio but it was ok. The salad was presented in a very strange confusing manner. They pulled the romaine lettuce leaves and stuck the stems in ice so the leaves stood up like quills. Then with your hands you dipped it in the salad dressing on the side. The suckling pig is their signature entree. Again ok. I think they need to spend less time focusing on the pomp and presentation and more time on the flavor. Check out China Poplano at the Cosmo, another Jose Andres property but the food is flavorful and fun and the foam maragarita refreshing.
5	"Everything sounds normal; prawns, scallops, uni, crab, beef, pork.  Nothing I haven't seen.  Is it your cooking techniques" begins my poker bud to the perplexed server."Uhhh, I'm sorry".  his replay"What makes your meats bizarre?" he asks, as I loose it.  OK maybe I should have corrected him as he misspoke the name the entire afternoon but...Bizarre it's not but a bazaar of flesh, yes.Begin the meal sampling some of Andres best creations from Bazaar LA.  Modernist cuisine treats that tease the senses and palate.  Top props to the famous cotton candy foie with its unadulterated sweetness that heightens the rich, livery, flavor of foie.  Also worthy, the Asian taco (iberico ham on nori with flying fish roe).  Great complexity starting with the nuttiness of the ham, quickly building with the briny, oceanic caviar and finishing with a huge umame punch.  The liquid olives and giant chicharrons are also great.The raw bar, different.  No shrimp cocktail here.  If in season, the lightly poached, head on spot prawn is to die for.  Uber sweet, it's flavor comes alive with the dusting of ginger salt.  Sucking the head fat, one of life's great pleasures.  The geuduck, candy from the sea.  Great texture, its natural sweetness well controlled by the addition of yuzu, soy, ginger and especially fresh lemon that brightens the dish.  Finally, an outstanding abalone.  Tender, served with a dashi gelee, and a lemon, soy  sauce.  Again, the strong citrus component and racy acidity brings out the natural sweetness.Worthy of mention is their vittore 1950 tenderloin carpaccio.  Very traditional preparation, the mildly sweet sherry "dressing" with its nutty overtones perfectly expresses the beef's flavor.  A classic beef tartare equally good with just the right amount of anchovies to bring out the umame finish on the beef.  A great selection of cured meats.  Stick to the imported jamon iberico de bellaota.  As perfect of an example of this great ham as any.  Beautiful pork flavor with the perfect nutty finish.Finally the beef.  Sold by the pound (the thicker the better, share).  All well trimmed, wood grilled, and tender, cooked to temp.  All lack long aging, and therefore the umame finish.  Three breeds of cattle.  The black angus, good "American" beef flavor.  The wagyu, sweeter and mildly beefy.  The hybrid washugyu, the best blend of beefy flavor and sweetness that pairs perfectly with the bitterness of the grill.  Sadly, the top steak (A4 Japanese rib eye from Hyogo prefecture) is just OK.   Seasoned with salt then over cooked (ordered blue, served mid rare).  The joy of eating beef of this quality is to allow the fat to melt in the mouth, not be released on the plate.  Seasoning each slice right before enjoying it is also a must.Very good, friendly service.Very good wine list.  Typical Vegas resort markup.A solid steakhouse that excels at non steak dishes.
5	The smokey aroma of the fire pit makes this place cozy and peaceful. Its sophisticated and innovative menu is full of succulent meats, seafood and extravagant sides (such as Brussels Sprouts we ordered, light, fluffy salad style side dish, which was an excellent compliment to the meats on the table). The raw dishes were out of this world good! The beef tartare and carpaccio both the best i've ever had! Portions are a little too large. Two appetizers, two entrees and one side would be a good dinner for 4. There were two of us so we sadly had to leave some of the delicious food behind.
5	One of my new favorite places in Las Vegas. Different concept then the one in Beverly Hills. If you love meet it does not get better then this. I had beef tartar for appetizer and some Spanish "jamon" (ham) . Then for the main course the "chateau briand" - one of my favorite cut of meat. The service was excellent as well. Overall an incredible dining experience.
5	If you want an eye-opening foodie experience in addition to a great meal, make sure Bazaar Meat is on your bucket list.  Even though our meal wasn't perfect, the stand-outs so outshined the not-great items that I still have to give Bazaar five stars.  First, a note about the service: unlike a previous review that mentioned an unevenly trained staff, we had well-informed staff across the board.  When a food runner came out with a dish and we had a question (which was almost every time), all the different food runners (think we had 4 over the course of the meal, hard to keep track) were able to answer every single question.  And our #1 server Joe was as competent and professional as you could ever hope for in a restaurant staffer.We ordered a heckuva lot of food, so here it goes:Cotton candy foie gras: super-cute idea, foie gras on a stick wrapped in cotton candy.  But it wasn't just a novelty, it was actually quite good. 5/5Fried oxtail steamed bun:  absolutely delicious!  super-tasty, but also super-expensive.  The bun is $13 and surprisingly small. Taste: 5/5, Value: 2/5Giant chicharron:  a huge piece of fried pork skin perfectly prepared - light and puffy yet not oily - but I wasn't crazy about the dipping sauce, some Greek yogurt thing. Chicharron itself: 5/5, dipping sauce: 2/5Foieffle:  one of those super-innovative dishes that you admire for its creativity, but you can't really say you love. It's a Belgian-style waffle(tte) with honey & peanut butter, covered in a foie gras sauce.  Good, but more artsy than tasty.  3/5Robuchon potatoes:  mashed potatoes with so much butter melted into them that you could almost sip them through a straw.  In order words, yes, it was almost other-wordly good.  5/5, but I'd give it six if the ratings went that high.Grilled lobster:  the lobster was sweet and buttery, grilled to perfection.  Be advised, however, that there's not that much meat in what was supposed to be a 2-lb lobster.  Taste: 5/5, value: 2/5Kobe beef:  fantastic, beautifully prepared, seasoned just right.  And at $100 for 4 ounces, it's probably the least expensive Kobe in Las Vegas.  Taste: 5/5, value: 4/5Roasted leeks:  yuck, the worst item we ordered all night.  The vegetables are made in a coal oven called a josper.  No, not charcoal, but coal.  The leeks were just too smoky and weird-tasting.  I love leeks, but this gets 1/5.Catalan spinach:  spinach cooked with pine nuts, apples, scallions, and raisins - 5/5.Yeah, that's a boatload of food. But wait, there's more!!  I haven't even gotten to our multiple dessert courses!  You have two options for dessert:  pick & choose from a large assortment of small bites, or a normal-sized ice cream, or do both like we did!Tocino:  a very heavy version of Spanish flan, delicious but a bit too heavy. 4/5Chantilly and vanilla/raspberry cream puff:  we ordered just the vanilla/raspberry but they goofed & brought out the Chantilly also, so we got to try both.  Neither/nor is anything to get excited over. A very tepid 3/5Chocolate salted peanut tart:  fantastic, a perfect blend of chocolate, caramel, peanuts, and salt. 4/5Lemon meringue:  a creamy lemon filling, the best lemon tart I've ever had. But it's literally one bite for $5. Taste 5/5, value 2/5Praline puff pastry:  very delicious, but a very small portion for $7.  Taste: 5/5, value 2/5.Salted caramels:  if you like salted caramels, you'll love these. 4/5Big dessert #1, the vanilla experience:  a 6-ounce serving of house-made vanilla ice cream, served with 3 snifters, 1 each of coffee beans, a vanilla bean, and aged rum.  You're supposed to savor the aroma of 1 of the snifters before and after eating the vanilla ice cream.  Not the transcendent experience that I think they're aiming for, but the rum was good sipping rum, and the vanilla ice cream was top-notch. 4/5Big dessert #2, salted caramel ice cream:  this is a WOW, way better than the actual salted caramels.  Our server Joe said it was his favorite dessert as well, not just here at Bazaar, but ever, in his whole foodie life.  Yeah, it's that good.  5/5 doesn't do this dish justice.And now for the moment of truth (cue Dragnet music) ... our tab (just food, because we only drank tap water), with tax and a 20% tip, came to $550 for 2 people *GULP*.  Bazaar is great, and I understand that a whole lot of work goes into the preparation of these itty bitty tapas dishes and desserts, but a word to the wise: you do have to keep an eye on how quickly all these small plates add up. Granted, we splurged because it was our Christmas dinner, but even if we had ordered less expensive items, a meal at Bazaar would still be a pretty penny.  That said, I'd gladly go back to Bazaar again and again.
4	We were really excited to try Jose's new restaurant because we are big fans of all his other ones, and this one was certainly on par with the rest. I started with the cotton candy cocktail, which was good but probably not worth the $. It was a really pretty and whimsical presentation though.We tried a variety of dishes, and our waiter was so kind in sending some samples from the kitchen: the cotton candy foie gras (same as what Bazzar in LA had before banning foie gras), the bagel and lox cone (not worth the $, save it for the main course!), the smoked and ice oysters (an unique take worth trying), and the Foieffle (A MUST).For the main course we had the Mishima Reserve (their steaks go by weight, I think ours was around 2 lbs. with plenty to take home), the mushrooms (an unique take different from your average roasted), and the Delmonico (very Joel Robuchon like). It was fantastic, and overall up there with my personal favorite, Craftsteak. I really do recommend coming with a large party so you can try lots of different things.We really wanted to try the suckling pig and our waiter recommended the sandwich version. I didn't find it particularly special, but maybe the real entree is more noteworthy. All in all, a great choice to dine, but of course one must make the trip all the way down to SLS!
5	Great service! Great food! Great experience! Try the foie gras cotton candy. Mmm. Love the atmosphere and presentation. Jose Andres always makes it fun. :)
3	The food here is amazing. Everything we had here was good, our waiter was good too. why the 3 stars?  first star lost for the 30+minute wait, even if we made a reservation. 2nd star lost for crappy hostess, no idea what they are doing. Ask me to wait at the bar but not around to take my drink order also don't know how to transfer my drinks to the table. I get better service in at McDonalds.
4	First, let me be clear that our night did NOT go perfectly. However, the management did a very very good job of recovering and the food was good enough to smooth things over. Mistakes happen and I think restaurants deserve credit for handling mistakes well. I can't give them a 5 but I will give them a 4 and will return in the future with high expectations. I would like to mention our waiter, Oscar, did good work. On to the food, it you know Jose Andres, you know that not everything is going to be straight-forward. To me, this is a big plus, to the group from Russia next to us at the bar, this might not have been, since they started flicking all the foam off their drinks. I have been to Mini-Bar, e, and Jaleo so I knew what to expect. Cocktails: We had the "Penecillin" a whiskey based drink misted with a extremely with a extremely smokey/peaty laphroaig scotch. Excellent, but it took 15 minutes to get it. We also had the Honey-Truffle drink (Bees and Honey? or something) which I didn't love by my wife liked so much she ordered them all night. At the very least it was an interesting combination of sweet and savory. Foie and Cotton candy bite; These are goofy, fun and really tasty. Worth getting. Spherized olives with whole olives: Always fun, but EXTREMELY potent. If you don't love olives and anchovies you wont love these. They totally blew out my taste buds, but I enjoyed them. Gazpacho Shots: Very tasty, and a great palate cleanser. Not totally necessary though. Smoked Oysters: My wife is a big oyster fan, but I can take or leave them. These, however, were really great. The smoke presentation is both a novelty and a compliment to flavored foam. I wished they would have loosened them as I had to dig around in the foam to get them to separate.Salmon Tartar: Ya, so this is totally excellent. The Salmon roe, however, isn't necessary and throws off the balance of the the dish. Just eat it separately as we did. The crispy seaweed crackers are great but so delicate. Need to be twice as thick. Steak Tartar "The classic": These guys KNOW tartar, wonderful I could just eat that all night. Its not classic though, its much better. Steak Carpacio Grissini: Served on a bread stick, it is pretty fun, but lets not kid ourselves, this dish is ALL about that parmigiana espuma. Dear god, I could just eat that with a spoon. Did I double and triple dip? Yes. Yes I did. Now, is it worth $26? Eh, probably not, you are paying for the wagyu which really isn't the star of the show. Giant Chicharron : Its  giant and delicious. It won't blow your mind, but it makes a great thing to nibble on between courses. Robuchon potatoes: Do you want to die young? And happy? Get these. Wagyu Beef Cheeks with Mojo rojo: Holy Crap, why is this stuck down in "other meats" ?  This should be front and center. I can get great steaks at a dozen other place in the city, but this dish is a standout and unique.  All-in-all I give this place a strong thumbs up. It is not as daring as E or as polished Rubechon but it is fun and tasty and we will be back soon. Notes for the restaurant: 1) Hand the women the menu first2) I would appreciate some assistance with sizing. The foie is a single bite, the olives are ten bites. How am I to know what a "small bites" means. 3) Your bar staff needs more staff. 4) It would be good if you could help smaller groups order the right amount of food. When two people are about to order too much, you should let us know.5) Your by-the-glass selections are kinda weak.
5	Perfect last meal of 2014! If you are an avid Jose Andres fan or Meat lover, this is your food heaven. You just know that dinner experience will be awesome when you are greeted by an enthusiastic server. Our awesome waiter, Chris kindly walked us  through the menu and we decided on the NYE prefix menu with A La cart. Bazaar has more or less traditional signature dish of jose with speciality on meat. Chef's selected cured meat was delicious but little too much for two people. ( Definitely suggested with group of 4+) I had to go for the cotton candy foie gras granted its banned in California for a good reason. I felt like a terrible human being trying it but decided not to think about it... #FOMO #YOLO.The prefix meal was pretty incredible. I suggest the restaurant to reduce the serving portion and dropping the price a little to make it more available to wider audience. Vegas is really foodie heaven, especially to those who don't drink like myself.We had the honor to try out their A8 Japanese Wagyu Kobe beef. It literally melts in your mouth and is worth every bite. There's less ridiculous props involved in this particular restaurant, but enough to make the experience triply bazaar and unique. It's worth deviating little further from the strip for the experience.
3	sommelier and wine list was fantastic.  Meat was great.  You do not get your money's worth for food.
3	second visit, pretty busy on a Saturday nighthad to get seats at table in bar areadecided against my better judgement to give the cotton candy foie gras and foieffle a second try....should have stuck with my gut feeling, they weren't any better this time around....I do appreciate sweet and savory, but think foie needs to be seared to truly bring out the best in it. Same with the foieffle, a bit on the salty side, may be better made with unsalted peanut butter?We had the ribeye again, and were not disappointed, they do know how to prepare a great steak, I have to give them that!of course we had to order the Robuchon potatoes, can't pass up the butter!tried the brussell sprouts, which were good, but lemon foam a bit strongwould suggest ordering dessert al la carte, as we picked the 10 piece? selection, which they put together for usagain, steak is their forte, so the sweets seemed to be an afterthoughtall in all, this is not a bad place, probably needs a bit more time to refine the menuif you live in vegas, would probably say their are a number of better choices for a steakhouse off strip. this one is worth a try though.....
3	SLS is one of the new casinos in Vegas. Only been less than 4 mos. We went on a Sunday night, weekend before the NYE. It was pretty empty, but the place had a very chic atmosphere. Our reservation was at 8:30pm for 4 ppl. We arrived shy of 8:30 and checked-in. We had to wait 30min more to be seated. I haven't waited 30min with reservation in a long time. 9pm we barely got seated, and still had to wait for service. Food:We ordered few things to try, first. I have mixed feelings about the tapas. Some were really salty and some were really bland. Nothing in between. Steak had no flavor to it and wasnt juicy. Brussle sprouts were really not good. Food presentation was so-so. Taste was so-so.
3	I was really looking forward to trying this place after hearing great reviews on the suckling pig! Even willing to pay $150 for 2 lbs of pig meat! We were all sadly disappointed! The pig was chewy and salty! It wasn't necessarily bad but not as good as I expected having tried many styles of pig meat. I think the typical Chinese roasted pig is tastier than what we got at Jose Andres. The skin of the pig should've been lightly crisp. Instead it was very chewy. We also ordered the white fish. Again disappointed. Absolutely no real flavor accept for salt and pepper. Needed more spices or herbs to make it special. The only dish we all enjoyed was the steak tartare. Served with delicate dinner rolls was very tasty. The rib eye was good but not worth $200 for 3lbs?? I don't mind paying $$$$ for exquisite food but I didn't taste it at Bazaar Meats. Besides the steak tartare, I wasn't very impressed by our meal. The service was wonderful, however. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and pleasant. But we will probably not return for the food unfortunately. If you want a good suckling pig, head down to Chinatown!
3	I dined here with a friend on New Years Day evening.  The restaurant has an unassuming and decidedly low key entrance which appears to be the theme of this SLS property.  As we had reservations we were seated immediately.  The restaurant was doing a brisk business however there were quite a few empty tables.Having dined a few times at The Bazaar in Beverly Hills our expectations were high. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and food preparation.  We opted for the Chateaubriand and were informed of the one hour prep time but we were fine with that as we ordered a few appetizers and wine to keep us busy.  The apps came out quickly.  We had the giant chicharron and chicken croquettes.  The chicharron was light and airy but a bit greasy and the linen napkins weren't that good for cleaning your hands.  Perhaps if they provided some lemon water and hand towels that would work better.  The croquettes were served in a smoked glass sneaker.  A very cool presentation!  We were taking our time as the main course and sides were an hour prep time.   Then while still eating one of the staff asks us if we would put our remaining croquettes on a plate because the kitchen needed the glass sneaker. WTF!  Really?  This was a very amateurish move so off one star.  Buy more glass sneakers restaurant mgmt. please. Then after an hour the sides came out and then languished on our table for another 30 minutes waiting for the main protein.   We watched as the Robuchon potatoes slowly congealed, the lemon foam dissipate off the Brussels sprout petals and the carrots laying in their sauce.  While the server was extremely apologetic something was off in the kitchen.The server had the now cold sides removed and promised new ones would show up with the meat which it did another 10 minutes later.  So the Chateaubriand actually took 1hr and 40 minutes to prepare and not the 1 hour as promised.  The food redeemed the poor service!  The meat was tender and succulent and cooked perfectly!  The Robuchon  potatoes were creamy and dreamy.The caramelized carrots were our least favorite as they lacked some seasoning however their base sauce was fantastic!  The Brussels Sprout petals were light and will make a sprout hater into a sprout lover.  For the rather sketchy service from the kitchen we were offered free dessert.  For this level of fine dining I thought the comp should have been more meaningful.  However, we had a selection of mini desserts which were beautiful, tasty and wonderfully presented.  This meal ended up being slightly under $360 after a generous tip as the server was wonderful just the kitchen didn't have her back.  The restaurant manager never came by our table to offer an apology for the bad service which was not classy but rather cheap.   Another star off.I would easily return for the food as it's top quality and I want to try some other items.  However they need to work on their service because you can't ride on the chef's name to cover service flaws.  P.S. It's a better deal here to order your wine by the bottle as their by the glass prices are slightly higher than other LV fine dining establishments.
3	The drinks here are yummy but the seafood isn't that great stick to the meats!!!Don't think I would come here again!!!
4	I was deciding between a 3 or a 4 but I've decided to give this place a 4. I think considering their quality of their meat products, I had to give it a 4. However, I would suggest you to only come in a party of 2-4 people or else you are just gonna be spending a lot and not getting full. The wagyu tartare was okay. It's probably the 2nd best I've had but still not comparable to the one I have at Craft Steak.The butter over butter over butter potato puree: ohh goodness, heart attack. It was like a fluff of cloud that you can just sleep on. Might be the best and deadliest potato puree I've had. I would like that plate to leave it spotless.Our waiter kept insisting we ordered the 1/4 pig and I think he might have overhyped it a bit too much. Yes, it was outstanding quality bc man they did cook it w/ perfection but it's like a roasted pig you would get at Asian restaurant where you paid 1/4 of the price. The skin was exactly like it but the meat were 8x better. I didn't know you can make a pork so juicy. However, I wouldn't recommend it. It was expensive and a lot of it were bones. The beef rib steak was literally top-notch quality. I had absolutely no problem eating the fat cause the meat was that great. Something you put in your mouth, and you didn't have to chew. They don't try to fancy you in anyway with their cooking method, they want you to taste their quality of the meat. Cauliflowers were also really good. Very meaty and the lemon went well w/ it.As I said, I really recommend coming w/ a small party. I wasn't anywhere near full. Oh the thing that bugged me the most about this place was the wait for the pig and the steak. I think we waited an hour for it and that was the thing that bugged me about this place. Expect to pay a lot, it's definitely fine-dining.
5	Great selection of meat and nicely grilled in the charcoal fire. foie gras cottoncandy - LOVE IT! explosion of foie gras as you bite into the cotton candy.CWagyu sirloin - med rare to perfection and very flavorfulcaliflower - nice presentation and was grilled in charcoarl fire which gave a roasted taste.Classic beef tartare - the beef and the ingredients were prepared at tableside. Nice presentation and was very delicious.The steaks and the suckling pig (avail to order 1/4 of the pig) would take about 1hour to prepare. FYI - if you have a concert or plans after the dinner, plan at least 2 hours ahead of time.There's is a great variety of seafood and meat on the menu. I will definitely return to try something different.
1	Terrible WARNING please don't waste your money our steak was 250 bucks tiny full of fat and ice cold GROSS !!! I can't believe a new restaurant would be soo disgusting !! Our server was a nice guy and gave us a discount but still it was nasty !!! Never again !! Soo many better spots togo to in Vegas for steak  !
4	We had an amazing experience. We sat at the bar and had tartar, carpaccio, and the olives. Everything was delicious. The cocktails were also great. Our staff was attentive and nice but a little awkward. Also there was a cocktail waitress directly next to us obviously ear hustling everything we said while wrapping silverware which was also awkward. The decor was IKEA. That was the only downfalls. The management staff was amazing as were the food servers. I want to go back and have s meal in the dining room.  Thank you Yaasine for a nice experience and for always being the most gracious host.
