3	If I were being asked to rate the beer only, which I am not, I would give VBGB a "5".  The beer selection is fun, the bartenders are super-knowledgeable and nice, and who doesn't like to drink giant quantities of beer out of big 'ol glass steins? However, the NC Music Factory is at the end of the earth (mine anyway) and VBGB is huge compared to the number of people that were there.  I think it would take quite a large crowd to fill that place, and so it seems a bit empty.  As for the food, the pretzels and beer cheese dip are to die for. The onion rings are great too. Everything else we had is standard "bar food."   I hope the new shuttle from South Blvd brings more people to this joint.  More energy is definitely needed!
5	While visiting some family in Charlotte I was brought to VBGB Uptown. This place is awesome. The beer selection speaks for itself, just about as good as it gets no matter what city you're in. Also, I'm always for drinking beer out of huge steins. The beer was stellar and ice cold as promised. I enjoyed a beautiful stein full of Bitburger. They also have an awesome ice beer rail which I've never seen before and I'm sure will catch on quick. Really knowledgeable bartenders and great service. PRETZEL AND BEER CHEESE! Incredible. the Wings are a must have as well, so tasty. The people I was with raved about the brats/dogs they had which came with pretzel buns (great idea). I agree with the previous review that it was a little empty but I have to assume that is a result of the place only being open for a few weeks (if that) because this place is great. Word will soon spread and hopefully it will start to fill up.
4	What a cool spot - walked right in to this pavilion-esque beer haven and took a seat on one of the many stools surrounding this very large  bar. I was impressed by the large selection of taps and went with a delicious orange blossom beer (mmm!). They have several cool mugs to choose from ranging in size.  While we were only able to stay for one drink- the bartender was so friendly and helpful we could have chatted with him the whole night. I cannot wait to go back and try a vanilla pilsner I was eying !Also, for all you Upstate New Yorkers they sell Dinosaur BBQ sauce - definitely different than Carolina style but super delicious!
4	Tucked away into this weird, completely out of the way, limited-access cop-road-block-breathilizer-worthy corner is a beer bar. It's a little metal and stone to be called a Biergarten, painted beech trees on black walls aside, especially since there's maybe two-three German ales on tap - but still, cool.Vegan's are going to have it a bit rough but there's plenty for the cheese loving set to scarf. Food prices are ridiculously low. And the pretzal....ah, the pretzal... is insane. Charred to black, sweet, yeasty, beer cheese skunky and mustardy. Fantastic with beer. Get it.Stay away from the latkes, meh, but the chips are good and crisp. And the burger, while veg and in no way healthy, was satisfying. Service was smiley and quick. There were many Affliction shirts stretched across many fake-tanned biceps on the night we went. Many crotch rockets parked in many annoying ways, all over the expansive lot. Both of those things scare me. Could've been Primus's fault, as they were playing next door. Fingers crossed.There isn't a TV in sight. I'm hoping this is deliberate, rather than "whoops, the semi stuffed with flatscreens hasn't made it to town yet".Prices are a bit high for CLT but not compared to surrounding establishments, so they'll do just fine at 6-7 average for a pint. There are many good brews to be had, but I wish for a few more exotics and high gravs. And surely, more German beers. C'mon now.
4	Do you like beer? I mean not in the casual, crack open a bottle on a hot day way. I mean do you really like beer? Because VBGB has is an they will sell it to you in a mug as big as your head (if you want).I must applaud that they do their best both to cover the spectrum of beer types, having at least a few wheats, ales, lagers and darks on tap at all times, but also to represent the local breweries. The house brew is by Four Friends and along with a few other FF offerings they have OMB, and Red Oak on the regular. Prices average around 5-7 for a Mittel which I imagine is a pint but feels so much more gratifying in a hearty glass mug. Most of their beers come in both a smaller and larger serving as well, with the exception of some of the high gravity business.The food is surprisingly good. Sure, its pretty standard bar fare (burgers, chicken wings, onion rings and the like) but its not phoned in. They use Dinosaur BBQ sauce which is near and dear to my heart and taste buds, but the clear winner is the soft pretzel with cheese. So freakin' delicious. I want to be eating one right now.You can't talk about VBGB without mentioning the patio.  They claim it's the biggest in CLT and if it isn't it's sure close.  There are plenty a picnic table & umbrella to sit under while you sip or sup and if you like a little sport with your brew they have cornhole boards and ladderball sets. You can even bring your furry friend. Add to that windows in to the bar so you don't have to go back in to refuel and you have to say they really know how to play the patio game.I like VBGB. I like it a lot, plain and simple and I'm fairly sure they have guaranteed that no one is going to spend their whole paycheck on 3 beers at a show again.
4	I went here on a Saturday night a few weeks back and was pleasantly surprised as to how nice the place was inside and how great the patio area was in the back.  But what really threw me was how dead the place was on a Saturday night. Atmosphere - Large, brick, concrete, pressurized wood, weird video on wall outside, cheerful,...empty. Service - Excellent. The staff was top notch and despite being slow they were not all "get out, your bothering us" they were like "Hey, what do you want to sample...I recommend this...try that..." They really made it a first rate experience. Beverages - I had two different types of beer and sampled a few others...but I forget the names...all were all tasty.  I suggest trying some samples to find the one that is best for you. Sorry, no commercial beers here (i.e. no Bud Light). Overall - Everyone, including myself, had a great time here. I just hope that based on the attendance of that night I will have the opportunity to go back there again.
4	We came here last night after seeing John Witherspoon at the Comedy Zone. We had heard a lot of good things about this place and weren't ready to end the night, so we stopped by to test their delicious looking pretzels I was drooling over on Yelp.The bar layout is large and takes up about half of the inside. It is basically in the shape of the letter W with lots of seating in and around it. Being our first time here I told our bartender that I like stouts, and to surprise me. He returned with a Blue Point Oatmeal Stout and it was crazy good. Samuel Smith still makes the best one I have ever had, but this one is right there behind it. Another great surprise was the ice block lane that lined the entire bar. Sit your mug on the ice lane, and it will stay cold between bites and sips. Only odd thing about this place is when you want to order some food, you have to get up, leave your spot at the bar, and walk over to the order window to place and pay for your order. They will then deliver the food to you at the bar so not a huge inconvenience, but if the place is packed then it adds another step between just sitting and drinking which could result in you waiting in line.The pretzel was amazing, right up there with The Flying Saucer's if not better. It comes with a homemade beer cheese sauce which we also used on our order of Wango Tango chicken bites. These were also very good. The Wango Tango sauce has a spicy BBQ taste, very similar to Midtown Sundries Barbalo flavor. They did charge a dollar for extra dipping sauce, which is lame, but seems to be the norm now a days. The beer and the bar food were both great.  It was to hot to care about the outdoor seating, but there was a lot of it.  The giant patio out back has more square feet than the inside. We will definitely be back, not a place we would drive all the way downtown to visit, but whatever event brings us to the NC Music Factory again this will be one of our stops while we are down there.
4	Very Cool!  Last night (Tuesday) I took a friend to this place I have been wanting to check out since I read Julia S's Excellent review 6-5-2011 Great design inside and out!  Modern Beer Hall look, "Street" Art on a few walls!  Looks Good!  Really liked the "Ice Bar": You can sit your drinks on it to keep them cool!  Huge outdoor eating/drinking area, with a stage.The food was good, the service was very good:  Here is my numerical rating: Pretzel (sprocket flying FANTASTIC) 5+, Chips 3.0, Kraut 4.0, Sweet Potato Fries 3.79, Pretzel Bun 3.2, Onion Rings 3.85, The Bratwurst was a HUGE letdown a disappointing 2.75 or less, "Street" Art Very cool 4.9, Service Speed 5+, Accuracy 5,  The girl at the counter told us how to get everything we wanted!!!  You will not get that kind of service modeled in many places!My concerns other than some of the food:  I did not get a Beer, my friend did and said it was good, though most of the Beer's he wanted to order they had run out of???  We were shocked, mostly because it is early Tuesday evening!We got the last parking place, so when we walked in we were surprised how small the "crowd was!  My friend said each person must have driven.  I was wondering if some people drove more than one car, because there was little parking left on the street! Music was Very Good, though now the do have TV, probably a lot of folks like TV, I think it's an unneeded distraction!  This was an enjoyable evening and I would (probably will) return when the weather is cooler.
4	Think I found a contender for where I will spend my Thursday nights!  Been on the search for a decent trivia place and found that VBGB has one on Thursdays.  We took a risk and it was a good experience, the questions were tough, but not too tough - and #1:  NO CHEATERS allowed.  There have been way too many places that let people just use their smart phones to look up answers - what's the point!?!  yes, you may win a gift certificate, but that's not in the true spirit of trivia.Though this place is in the NC Music Factory and a bit hard to use in a sentence, VBGB has a lot of potential.  The out door patio that is overlooked by the historic JFG coffee sign was great (that's where trivia took place).  There is no wait service, so you walk up to the bar windows and order...  pretty good system and it gets you up and out of your chairs for some mingling.  The food is the same way, there is a line to order and then they give you a number where they bring out your food once it's ready.I only ordered a pretzel, but it was pretty darn good.  I had a huge stein of beer though and that got me through the rest of the week (well, one more day).
4	Great Beer Selection!This is a nice place to visit while at the NC Music Factory complex (Time Warner Uptown Amphitheater) The beer selection is very good, the bartenders are very knowledgeable, and are very patient about explaining and suggesting different brews. Be warned though, this is not the place to go to get your cheap drink on before a show at the amphitheater- the beer is a little pricey- No dollar fifty PBR's here~VBGB is a pretty big place with a nice big bar that has the frozen ice rail to keep your beer cold- nice touch, if you can manage to get a seat at the bar - It was crowded the day we were here for a concert. The bar is in a "W" shape and when you first come in to the place it appears kind of chaotic. You can go to the side of the bar to order a beer, but then you can't see the chalk board menu over the bar...Oh well~VBGB does have a huge outdoor patio- However it needs some shade!!! It's a wide open space that gets cooking hot during the day!No critiquing of the food here, didn't get a chance to taste anything. Come to think of it, I didn't really see anybody else partaking of food either...
5	I really love this place. HUGE patio with picnic tables, ping pong & corn hole, great beer selection that actually changes and awesome German style food. If you only go once, you MUST have the soft pretzel. It has supposedly been voted best pretzel in Charlotte and I see no reason to argue! The pretzel is almost as big as my head, perfectly salted, chewy and warm off the grill. It comes with some pretty awesome beer cheese sauce for dipping too! Their Zwiegles are delicious too; although, I have only tried the original. I will actually be returning tomorrow so I may try something new.. but it's so hard to stray from the pretzel! VBGB is very unique and some may find it boring if you don't know what you are in for when hanging out here. There are only TWO tvs, and those were just added recently. VBGB is a beer garden (or as close as it gets here) in Charlotte and a lot of us Charlotteans are not familiar with the concept. This is not a sports bar, and it's not meant to be a super busy, noisy place. (Although, it does get VERY busy when there are concerts at The Music Factory.) Their menu is also not typical bar food; it's much better! This is a great place to bring friends, even doggie friends, to sit around, chat, eat and enjoy different beer. There is no entertainment but they do play music through their speakers. So, when you do visit, make sure it is with people who you don't mind actually TALKING to! :)Bottom Line: Try different brews, Eat the pretzel, Play ping-pong, Enjoy the patio while you can!!!
3	David and I have not yet been to VBGB's - however, we experienced a taste of their food last night at the Brewer's Ball to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.  First off, I think it was awesome for them to get involved in supporting a good cause. Second, kudos for them for being one of the only restuaruants serving something other than pork and beef at this event! I tried their pulled chicken slider and sampled their mac-n-cheese.  The pulled chicken was a little on the sweet side, but I did detect a bit of pepper that provided some balance.  Sadly, the mac & cheese was too dry and did not have much flavor.However, they were very nice and we are looking forward to visiting them to try some other menu items.
5	Great spot if you are heading to the NC music Factory for a show.  Great beer selection at a reasonable price.  Got a pitcher of blueberry beer that was delicious!  The bartender was very friendly and attentive and let us taste a few beers before we decided.  They have a chill strip to keep you beverage frosty - sweet!They have a large side and back porch with table tennis, bag-o boards, and tables with umbrellas.
4	This place is in the NC Music Factory so has plenty of parking across the street next to Mattie's Diner if there is no concert that night. For some reason, i avoid going to this part of town thinking it will be tough to park or something, but it's definitely not the case. Picnic table seating allows space for large groups with the opportunity to actually converse. Nice selection of beer. The ice rail around the bar is pretty cool and definitely unique. i think this place is a worthy destination to hang out with friends. They do actually have 2 tvs in the bar area now and according to twitter, they intend to get some tvs for the patio. Every day they have certain specials with something for $4, $3, $2, $1. i like it.  i regret not hitting up this place at all during the warmer months. Huge patio with several corn hole boards set up.
4	VBGB is probably my favorite part of that whole Seaboard Street complex.  The outdoor beer garden portion isn't going to win any design awards and is in sore need of some greenery, but otherwise, it's a great place.Fans of brats and potato pancakes will enjoy the menu.  But the pretzel is really the standout appetizer/snack.  Beer fans will love VBGB's interesting selection of high quality brews.  They had Green Man IPA on tap when I was there last, and that something you don't find many places in Charlotte.If I had to point out one shortcoming, it's that VB's is a bit on the pricey side.  But then again, it's a pretty unique place, and maybe that's worth the extra few bucks you're going to spend there.
5	This is an extremely cool beer hall/beer garden with very good food. As many have noted, the pretzel with beer cheese in a must-have, and I've also found the different brats and potato pancakes to be very tasty. VBGB has an incredible beer selection, and I also really enjoy the cider they have on tap. I've actually found it to be a great place to bring kids during off hours as the beer garden gives them lots of room to run around. Every time I've been to VGBG, there have also been other kids there, so you definitely get a family-friendly vibe here even though it is ostensibly a bar.  The owners are extremely friendly and always stop by to say a few nice words when we visit. I also love VBGB's location below the iconic JFG sign. In sum, I am a fan.
2	Last night was the first time I visited and while overall it was OK  there was one fatal flaw:  No real glasses on concert nights.  But didn't you choose to place your bar in NC Music Factory?  You put the bar next to multiple concert venues and then don't offer all the services of the bar on what will undoubtedly be the most crowded nights.  The bartender told me they only have two small dishwashers and that they wouldn't be able to keep up if they did offer glasses...oh well.I only tried the bratwurst and had it with sauerkraut and it was very good.   I will be going back and hope to have the option of trying bigger beers in actual glasses when I do.
3	Stopped by VBGB last night. Big selection of beers. I got the Pumpkin Spice. Really tasty. Didn't try any of the food. The place itself isn't much to look at. The "garden" is just a large patio area w/ ping pong tables & a few corn hole games. This place looks like it would be packed during big concerts at the NC Music Factory or during the summer (warmer months). Next time I go to a show over here, I'll definitely stop by again.
5	VBGB wins points for a number of very good reasons:1. The bar layout is awesome and promotes a good hang2. The ice trough on the bar keeps your drink cold - it's not exactly about how it functions, but more about elegant design3. Cornhole abounds! Best joint in Charlotte for cornhole.4. Introduced me to Flemish Sour Red, which is my number one obsession in the libation area5. Delicious grub that is probably awful for you, but who cares6. Designed after a beer garden in Astoria, Queens (the new one, not the old one) which happens to be one of my favorite places in my old 'hood 5 Stars!
3	Beer good. Oh and they have many, yes they do. Good selections, multiple sizes... Yah, so the frost trough may be described as gimmicky by many, but who cares? It keeps me beer cold, guys! BEER: No complaints. Though VBGB, if you're listening, I'll tack on another star if you would just let me get a Lambic in something other than a puny flute! (A pitcher would be nice. You know... just in case you decide that this is a marvelous idea.) Also, they do usually have wine specials, which I've seen people get and be happy with. FOOD: Haven't experienced too much, but the wings are good, and the sweet potato fries are great filler.SERVICE: Great! Lovely conversation, prompt service. Definitely a high point of this place.ATMOSPHERE: It definitely feels like a beer hall, and I like it. Beautiful murals. Great layout, very relaxed. Only complaint is that the benches could be a lot closer to the bar and tables. Not sure how legit this complaint is since I'm short, but it sure as hell is a detriment in my book.Overall, good hang out and I know I'll be back. Wish they had a little more going on in the specials department, but it's one of three places in Charlotte that I can get my favorite beer, so I'm a bit dependent. Great place to bring friends, that's for sure.
4	Groupon is what brought me into VBGB. While there I had a sandwich on a pretzel bun. It was fantastic! My groupon was for 25the dollars worth of food which is what it roughly costs to eat for 2. The prices were averge for alcoholic beverages. Enjoyed myself playing trivia. It can be intimidating to me to walk to a bartender and try and order something new especially in this setting. It was very busy and it felt like it was a "know your order before you come to the window" type of bar. The staff was nice but obviously busy. Parking can be quite difficult because of location, but most of the appeal is because of its location.
5	Great beer, great food and the best owners!
5	My new favorite place! I have been to VBGB twice in the last couple weeks. It is a beer snobs dream come true. A place finally that has more IPA's then American Lager's!!! VBGB is in the back of the music factory behind the Time Warner Cable Amphitheater. A big plus about VBGB is that they have their own parking lot and you do not have to park in the dirt lot across the street. Once you walk in VBGB your welcomed right away. It certainly does have the beer garden, concert concession feel to it. There are large picnic tables surrounding a large U shaped bar. There is a separate concession stand where you order your food. The bar itself has an ice top to keep your pint glass on to keep cold. The beer list is great. Unlike some of the other comments, I felt the prices were really fair for what you got. You can choose between multiple size glasses and almost everything can be purchased in a pitcher.The food there is what I would call concert concession food with a twist. We had the house made chips with the pretzels and beer cheese. It was the perfect food to go with the beer. Between the pretzel and the beer cheese it was rather filling. So much so that we considered it our dinner. From what I hear is that their Brats and hot dogs are wonderful as well.One of the great features about VBGB is there is plenty of fun either inside the bar or outside. There is a ping pong table inside  and out. There is also a few corn hole set ups outside. The big plus is that you do not have to go back inside to get your beer. There is a beer window to the bar from the outside. Don't worry there is also plenty of propane heaters outside to keep you warm in the winter.
4	I first visited VBGB with discount (Half Off-Charlotte), I had a wonderful experience, I even photographed the meal (chicken&Spinch Brat, yum) pototoe cakes were good to me, and for the first time Sunflower Beer and I am not a beer drinking, its light and clean with no after taste...and the bartender and cashier was awsome, since then back I went and tried another brat with sweet pototoes fries.  VBGB have weekly specials, which is great to let you experience tastes without filling the taste in your pocket.  ENJOY ALL
5	What a cool concept this place is. We went with some friends for my husbands birthday and had a blast! Great beers, great food, cool atmosphere. We can't wait to go back!
4	There are lots of choices for beer afficionados...and if you are not, like me, the "mixologist" can put something together that you will enjoy...that is still beer, but has flavor that can fool you to drink up. They also offer wines by the half or full carafe. They offer food too...but since we ate before coming here, I can't remember what they serve. The inside has plenty of seating and lots of tvs. Outside is filled with patio/park-like tables and there are plenty of patio heaters to keep you warm. For those who love some outdoor games, you can play "toss the bean bag into a little hole." Classic.
5	Not being a huge beer person, a casual observer at most, this place has done nothing but help broaden my horizons about what I do and don't like.  The bartenders are very knowlegdable when I walked up and said, "I drink this, tell me what I would like".  I have tried many of the brews, some amazing, some not to so good to my taste and I am happy that they are patient with trying to find a great beer for me to have.Now onto the food.  YUMMMMMM  Jumbo pretzel with beer cheese has no competition to any other beer place in the area.  I am a vegetarian and they have different options for me to try and are so good to you if you don't like something.I will be going back, ummmm, Tuesday of course.  Great place for friends, trivia nights on Thursday, they have random games to play (Connect Four and Jenga come to mind, when's the last time you played Jenga?)  I reccommend this place to everyone from the casual drinker like myself to the ultimate beer snob.
4	I was at first a little confused with the no waiter setup but honestly it works.  So you walk in, either grab a picnic table or sit at the bar.  When you get hungry you go order at a window and they will bring your food out to you.  Simple enough and reduces staffing thus reducing pricing for drinks and food in general.  I'm good with that.  They have $4, $3, $2, and $1 specials every day and specifically on Tuesday they have $2 pint beers.  You just can't beat that.  I'll be more excited to visit during the summer as the patio looks to be fantastic.
5	I really enjoy coming here! It's a casual hang out spot that is never too crowded. My fiance enjoys getting the liter beer and sipping on it all night. Where else can you do that? For me, I always look forward to the soft pretzel with beer cheese. I love how they have combined American and German food on their menu. Everything I've had was delicious. There are also games to keep us entertained, like corn hole or table tennis. If we don't feel like moving around, there is also Connect Four and Jenga. Overall, I would say this is my favorite bar in Charlotte.
5	A very cool place to drink and hang out with friends. Large indoor casual space plus a huge outdoor patio. With a draft beer selection that changes as the kegs empty, there is always something new to try. Just check out the chalk board listing over the bar. The owners are welcoming and the bartenders are quite helpful in guiding you to the right brew for you.  Food is simple but pretty good over all, especially the chicken/feta sausage.   Location is a bit remote, but worth the search. I only wish it was closer to my house!
4	Not sure what VBGB means, but I love it!And you know what, I'm not even a big fu-fu beer fan.  To me anything that's not "Bud," "Miller" or  "Michelob" are just confusing... yes, gasp, you can yell at me later :)But on a Tuesday $2 draft night, I'm more than happy to try that stuff... stuff I cannot pronounce, because apparently I like foreign wheat beer.  The bartenders (or beer consultants) also told me to stay away from IPA or anything that has the word pale in front of ale.  Hey, I'll listen to the experts.  So far so good.  They were even nice enough to keep letting me taste different stuffs and eventually mixed 2 together so they could get rid of me for the next 15 minutes.  It's just a nice, causal setting where you can just hang out at the picnic table (if you have a big group) or at the bar (completed with a little strip of icy area for the beer) and talk with your friends.  Yes, we can talk and hear each other!  They even offer games like Jenga and ping pong for a friendly game of rivalry.  They have a small kitchen area with small bites that are decently priced.  I tried the chicken nuggets which were ok as well as the pretzel... which was a little expensive for a pretzel but was nice and warm and did its job soaking up my beer.
4	This is one of the best places to go for craft beer in the Charlotte area.  Large chalkboards display what's available.  They have beers from almost every local brewery in addition to beers from everywhere.  If you're like me and have a hard time deciding or do not want to commit to a particular beer, you can a flight of four 5 ounce beers.  The full beers are served in German style glass mugs.  They also have ice rails on the bar in case you're drinking a crappy beer that needs to be enjoyed cold.  they serve food too - my friends said the pretzel was awesome.  They also have some games like Jenga as well as ping pong tables.  They have a small parking lot too (rare for the factory), plus one of the free lots is right across the street.
5	Totally amazing burgers and beer!  It's a very fun atmosphere and a joy to go to before a show at the Fillmore.  I plan to come back!
5	VBGB is a fantastic beer garden located at NC Music Factory.  It is technically within uptown as it lies within 277 but it would be a stretch to say it's walkable from most parts of uptown.  The location away from everything else in uptown is it's biggest drawback, but it means lots of free parking if you're driving.  Whoever designed this place nailed it, it's perfect.  The lighting, the benches, the bar, the signage, and the huge patio are exactly what I like to see in a beer garden.  Beer selection is excellent with some rotation.  VBGB also carries local breweries like NoDa and Old Mecklenburg.  VBGB has the best bar service I've seen in Charlotte.  They are happy to provide recommendations on beer and they cater to both those familiar with craft beer and those who are not without talking down to anyone.  Food from the kitchen is good but is a little pricey unless you catch something on the 4-3-2-1 specials.  The brawts are tasty and they have some electic items such as quinoa salad and edamame.  By far the best item on the menu is the pretzel with beer cheese, it's AMAZING.
4	I came here on a Saturday night, during no special event other than a brave group of people sat in my line of vision and decided to play a round of jumbo jenga. I was immediately roped in and gave a shout of cheer when it fell so I could take the wheel of my own thoughts again. I wasn't impressed with my choice of beer, Dogfish Head's Black&Red stout.. The flavor profile threw me way out of my orbit but I was a tropper and then the Catawba Valley White Zombie witbier brought me down to earth. I did think that the local beers should be at most $4, because of the proximity and to encourage ppl to drink local brews. Note: Don't make the mistake I did. If you order your beer before you go to the bathroom, make sure your co-evening partner takes it off the frozen bar strip.. Otherwise, you may spill your beer all over yourself trying to detach it :)Good experience, good dj, friendly bar staff, clean bathrooms, and outdoor patio!
4	Stopped in here to meet up with an old friend and of course down some beers.  Their selection of beers isn't too vast, but what they have is perfect.  It takes away from me reading the menu for an hour and randomly selecting a beer.  Now for the venue.  The inside is dark and pubby, but the outside is what shines.  It feels like you are at a backyard cookout.  Giant jenga blocks ( seriously 2x4's), giant chess, cornhole all over the place, and three ping pong tables. At first I was like they just took someone's back yard and put a bar with a window next to it.  After playing a few games, I realized this wasn't such a bad thing.  Its a great place to go especially during the afternoon.
4	We came here on a Saturday night.  The beer list and specials were great.  They have 4-3-2-1 specials that cover both food and beer options.  It was my lucky night because they had Son of a Peach on special, definitely my favorite summer beer.  The bartenders were awesome.  I overheard a couple people asking for recommendations in ear shot. He asked what they liked and immediately knew what type of beer to bring over, judging from the reactions his picks were pretty spot-on.  I was looking at the giant board they have behind the bar showing the different types of beer they offer and was pretty surprised at how good the prices were.  It is not out of the ordinary to be charged $7 or $8 for different types of craft beers, the prices here stayed around $4-$6.  The menu offerings were also very unique, everything from potato latkas to cinnamon pretzel twists...I'll definitely be ordering some small appetizers next time they come.  There is also a giant chest board on the back patio as well as different board games you can grab and play.  The DJ was great and had a good mix of old and new stuff.  I was expecting it to be slightly more crowded on a Saturday night.All and all there is good beer, good selections, great bartenders, and definitely a great atmosphere.
4	I dream about their pretzel rolls, pretzels and yummy yummy beer cheese dipping sauce. I hate nacho sauce. This is not nacho sauce. This is lick the cup it came in beer cheese sauce. Bonus- crushed ice area on the bar that you can set your drink in it to keep it cool. I don't know if it really helps but I was impressed. You order your food at a little window and enjoy at the bar or at picnic style tables. This place is large so a great location to start your night or gather a group of friends. Or just come for the beer cheese.
4	Calling all hipsters, this is your bar
4	One of the best bars in Charlotte. Great beer selection, had corn hole and big chess board out back, all in all a solid bar. And the ice strip on the bar, best.invention.ever I'm surprised I've never seen this before, perfect way to keep your beer at the ideal temperature. If you are going to a show at the Fillmore this is a must for a pre-game spot, hell post game too.
3	Buddy and I popped in here prior to a concert at the Fillmore. We were surprised at the large amount of seating, and the giant picnic tables are really awesome. Personally I was excited to see they had Ass Clown Brewery on tap because I had not tried them yet. So I got a pint of that and boy was it good! I paired it with a brat on pretzel roll. The brat itself was very bland, lacking almost any flavor. The pretzel roll it came on was amazing though, very warm and soft. I will probably come again if a band I want to see is playing and ill try something else for food. My friend said his burger was really good.
4	I've never been here before, I'll be back for sure.Meeting a Yelp friend (you know who you are) for a birthday party, I was impressed with the substantial beer selections and the unique pairings of proper beer food to go with it. I've posted a pic of the beer menu that is posted on the wall and they don't just sell pints - they offer smaller "taster" sizes if you really want to explore the offerings.As for the food impression, I liked it. Brats, pretzels, pretzel bites and more. One of the folks at the table had the full size pretzel and it was a massive thing with a decent sized pot of dipping cheese. It looked good. On the other hand, my brat with onions and peppers and sauerkraut was awesome. I had a side of the potato salad and was not disappointed. Served warm, with a vinegar tang and bits of bacon in there, it was excellent. Next time, I might just have the potato salad and be done.And then, my complaint. I am not a fan of bars that feel they need to set up entertainment. Whether it's bingo or trivia, when the speaker blasts so loud that you can't have a normal conversation even when screaming, I get up and go. And that's why I left VBGB after just the one beer even though I was having a good time up to then with new friends. Sorry, with this I had to drop a star.Parking is tight, especially when there is something going on at the Amphitheater next door.
4	Last night we went down to VBGB to meet a friend for a drink before heading over to Osso for dinner.  This is definitely a super casual hangout spot.  I like the little ice bar that keeps your suds nice and chilly while you are hanging out chatting with friends. Since we were heading to dinner, we didn't eat on this visit, but next time, we're  gonna have to give the beer cheese a try!
5	VBGB is one of my favorite places in the NC Music Factory. Both the indoor and outdoor seating are much to be envied by other bars. The bar has tons of local beers on draught. NoDa, Birdsong, OMB, Natty Greene's, and plenty of others. If the weather is poor, from rain or sweltering heat, take a seat at the bar and rest your frosty glass on the ice rail. Yes, it's like a gift from the beer-filled heavens. What an incredible and innovative idea. It keeps your beer icy and gives the kids something to play with!The food is grade A bar food. Grilled pretzels with beer cheese, brats, dogs, and wings. The best things we've had have been the hippie nachos. Complete with crumbled blackbean burgers and nacho cheese. The fried banana peppers are to die for and are great on everything you can get your beer-drinking hands on. The pretzels.....oh, sweet lord. Amazing. I've been hard pressed not to drink the cheese at times. Salty and perfect consistency. I love that this place is kid friendly. Sure, there's tons of booze flying by and it can draw a bit of a rougher crowd, but take the kids in for a hotdog on the patio at lunchtime and it's better than a ballpit. Tons of games for the kids to play out back and the staff is so friendly. The bartenders were giving the kids straws and other things to play with on the ice rail at the bar. How nice is that? Definitely a plus for those who have little ones and had to forgo a sitter. VBGB is a perfect afternoon spot for a beer and brat. Great to watch the game or have a patio lunch with the fam. High-fives all around!
4	I had a quick pint before heading over to Fillmore for Gogol Bordello.  We grabbed some food and enjoyed the BIG pretzel and the black bean burger (I think).  Anyway... good place... I really liked the place on the bar to keep your beer chilled.  Pretty slick.  If I'm ever back in North Carolina... I'd hit this place up.  Seems like a nice place to spend a couple of hours with some friends.
4	Dear VBGB,My bad, yo! While I was off over here thinking you were some college idiot infested bar, you're just hanging out at the NC Music Factory with your ample free parking, beautiful pitchers of beer, lots of taps, in a variety of beer styles, being a chill and relaxed destination right outside of Uptown. I'm sorry I assumed some things about you that weren't true - and you know assuming gets ya - it makes an ASS out of ME (and not really U).But seriously, your outdoor patio with adult Jenga and cornhole was really fun! The indoor/outdoor convenience of ordering, the long picnic tables that encourages people to talk to their neighbors/old friends/new friends and the DJ's on Saturday night was all really enjoyable. I didn't eat any of your food, but next time! We are definitely planning on coming back and hanging out with you soon - perhaps for another birthday party, maybe for a fun date, or a girl's night. No matter the occasion, I think you'd fit the bill pretty well!Thanks again for the fun night and good beers - may I never judge another nightlife establishment before testing it out again!Sincerely,Rachel
5	Favorite afternoon beer spot....actually, just my favorite beer spot period. Awesome, friendly bartenders and good food too. Total package, for sure!
4	I really like this beer garden.  It's located at The NC Music Factory in Charlotte.  It has an indoor & outdoor section, food, and games to play such as corn hole.  When down in Charlotte, make sure you check this place out
5	This is perhaps the perfect beer pub in the CLT. Whether you're here on a Saturday night enjoying a well-spun DJ mix indoors, or taking advantage of a crisp late spring night outdoors while watching folks enjoy several games of cornhole and a giant-sized chess board that would make the White Queen want to jump in and play. I love this place, and i'll go whenever I get the opportunity.Lots of local microbrews on tap - NoDa, OMB and Natty Brown, just to name a few - and segregated by type, but if you have a hard time figuring out what you want, especially if you're used to more mass-produced swill (I'm looking at you, Bud drinkers), one of the friendly and knowledgable barkeeps will ask the right questions and pour you a cold pint that you won't be disappointed with. I wish I could remember the name of the one barkeep I like, but if you see a bartender with a chrome-domed head and a set of wilderness-crazy mutton chops so awesome it would make Wolverine go all berserker-rage with envy, he's the guy you want pouring you a brew. The man is a Sherpa of beer-laden deliciousness. But the biggest draw for me is the food. If you want stale wings smothered in salty BBQ sauce, go look elsewhere. The black bean burger is the 2nd-best in town - sorry, but the Herban Legend's BBB kicks ass - but you can't leave a night at VBGB without enjoying a fresh-baked giant pretzel. Look, I'm from NYC, and the pretzel is about as ubiquitous there as an out-of-control yellow cab and tourists gawking at all the pretty lights in Times Square, but I had my feel of those doughy-assed twists of high-carb crap, so if you're gonna make me eat a pretzel, knock me on my ass. The pretzels don't knock me on my ass. They give me the proverbial foodie boner that can't be made to calm the hell down with a cold shower. Oh, and dip 'em in beer cheese, and...yeah, go crazy.It doesn't feel like an authentic German beer hall, but, hey, if you want authentic, buy your authenticity-seeking ass a plane ticket to Munich during Oktoberfest and get your damned fill, ya fuckin' snob. I don't care. I don't care if this is a Polish or Czech or Bolivian or Trafalgarmorian beer hall; the beer's awesome, the food even better, the atmosphere perfect and devoid of the kind of douchery that some of the trendy drinking spots on Tryon are infested with. Just go already, dammit. Have a pretzel, enjoy a NoDa, and play some cornhole, and have a nice time.
4	I have been here about half a dozen times now and it's a fun place to be with a group. Spacious inside with games and a patio outside. Think you can have your dog out there too. Cold beer that you can order inside and out and a walk up food window that has killer soft pretzels!
4	Neat spot, love taking people who have never been. The patio is great, love that they have board games and the frost rail is neat. Great beer selection and prices. I didnt eat this trip but have before and it was eh, seems the food always takes a very long amount of time to come out even when they are not busy.
4	I've never met a beer garden I didn't like, but I Love this place - indoor/outdoor options, corn hole, cool atmosphere overall, but most importantly, the food is way better than typical bar food in my opinion.  We had the pretzels, black bean burgers, homemade potato chips, boneless chicken nugget thingies and brats and everything was deeeeelicious.  The lines for food and drinks are long so order 2 drinks per person or pitchers of beer.
5	We bring out of towners here all the time because it has everything you need for a great low key afternoon/evening.  It's family and dog friendly so everyone can come and enjoy the oversized games and food while the beer lovers can enjoy their fantastic selection of brews.  Can't go wrong with VBGBs!
3	Bar as a whole is great.  I don't want to punish them for me being there on a busy night, but the service really should have been better.  Their tap selection is very good.
5	Tuesday two dollar beer night is much cooler than I expected. Every beer there counts for this discount wow! I had five fantastic beers for my first foray into VBGB how awesome! I didn't pay for any of them, even more awesome thanks wonderful drinking buddies!I'm going to list the beers I liked here, mostly so I can remember them for future purchases. My favorite of the night was a Lost Coast tangerine wheat ale that was deliciously citrusy! Second place goes to the Orange Blossome extra pale ale. Beers 3-5 were also very good but I cannot seem to have remembered anything by that point! Outside they have extra cool games and activities on the patio, oh yeah!As I was leaving for a late dinner I happened to spot the ice rail. What an ingenious idea to have a cooled platform to keep your beer glass cold! I shall be back next Tuesday and maybe even the Tuesday after that! Yeah that's right be ready to put up with me now that you've gotten me hooked.
5	This place is pretty awesome.  Every Tuesday night every bear is $2 - it is hard to beat that. The building has a fixed-up warehouse type of a feel with brick walls and concrete flooring.  The menu is one of many local and country wide micro-brewery beers.  There is a large outside area with corn hole and other games.The large pretzel is warm, buttery, salty with delicious beer cheese (whatever that is).  It perfectly pairs with the many different beers that you can select from.I will be here many a Tuesday night in the future!
4	My gah, 62 reviews already? This place is popular! Hip rather. It's like uber hipster hip. Banksy pieces on the walls, I mean, the epitome of hipster ala nerdcore hip hop. A massive collection of tasty, local, organic hipster beers. Pretzels, Cheeseburgers, sorry hipsters I cannot confirm if they are organic, free range, grass fed cows. But I can confirm that they have a big ass Connect Four and all kinds of other games. Cornhole for the frat boys and a sweet, I mean sweet ice bar to chill your drink and entice the cosmopolitan, metro crowd. Hipsters, Frat boys and Fraternity Girls, beer drinkers, this place ruleZ with a capital Z. The only people who might be turned off to VBGB are the OG new age hipster counterculture types who despises these kinds of commercialized LA hipster folk. VGBG, I like thee. You're hip, new and a breath of fresh air. Your cheeseburgers weren't too shabby either.
3	We went back again and this time sat outside. We grabbed a drink inside first but the service just wasn't up to par this time. the wait was very long and honestly service wasn't very personable. I asked whether a specific beer was sweet to which he assured me it wasn't.  It was almost sickeningly so (in my opinion), but he ran away so quickly and the line took so long that I just stuck with it..Also, much to my surprise he just assumed I wanted the large size so I was stuck with a bigger amount of it too. The place was busy but I felt like the bartenders had a tough time keeping up with the demand. Outside looks awesome but there were so many things to do (table tennis, large connect four, large chess, jenga etc.) that it took up the most room and there wasn't very much seating. I wouldn't have really cared about sitting so much but the large mugs are very heavy and it would have been nice to be able to set my drink down every so often. I know it sounds silly but those things were solid! We recently bought some sort of deal for this place so I am sure we'll be going back and I hope it was more like my first visit than my most recent. Fingers crossed....
5	I was reluctant to write a good review on this place because, i know this sounds terrible, but I don't want it to get too popular. but i think it's unfair to be greedy.This is my favorite bar. There, I've said it.  I have a lot of respect for the owners because they value the importance of a good product, and throw away marketing bs.  You won't see a single neon sign, posters, or crazy looking tap handles.  It's all about the beer.  That's it.  And VBGB's has a great selection, and it constantly changes.  I love how every single bartender there knows their beer.  Don't know what you want?  They can help you figure out if you're an IPA kinda drinker, or maybe a lighter hefe style brew.  Again, it's all about the beer.The food is surprisingly good as well.  It's a small menu of freshly made "bar" food.  The brats and the pretzels are delicious.  My favorite thing about this place?  You won't be able to find a Miller Light or a Bud Light to save your life.  I've seen people walk in, ask for that type of beer, and literally walk out.  As long as this place stays with that policy, I will continue to loyally support them.
4	VBGB has it all: a name the rhymes with heeby-jeeby, a frosty strip of bar to keep your beer cold, a wealth of beer from both local and national microbreweries on tap, 90s music, games out back, and a fabulous array of food. And with $2 beers on Tuesday nights, I defy you to find a reason not to go. Ok, the location at the Music Factory may be a little inconvenient, but that is the only negative that I see.The buttery pretzel is a requirement for anyone visiting, as it complements your beers nicely, as well as come with beer cheese (similar to the orange nacho cheese, but with a beer-twist). Adding further legitimacy, they offer the coarse-grain mustard that is a requirement for anything claiming to be a beer hall. Goes goes perfectly with anything from pretzels to sausages. I was a little less impressed with the sauerkraut, but that may be my spoiled eastern European heritage speaking.Long wooden communal tables and even a private room make this a great place for hanging out with groups as well. Hope to see you there!
4	I hate to degrade their rating, because the food and beer selection is top notch, but something has to be done about the children running around the place. Yes, I understand you're trying to cater to families. And yes, I appreciate that you have your own children and this is your dream, yada yada. But I ask you - who tends to buy more, spend more overall money, at a bar/restaurant? Families, who milk a beer or two and chicken fingers for the kids? Or a groups of 30-somethings who are there because they love beer? In striving to create a place that welcomes families who don't want to hire a babysitter for some reason, it has become a place where children are encouraged to run around and bother other guests seated at nearby tables. And when I commented on this to one of the bartenders, I was scolded for complaining. "This is a family spot" I was told. Really? Since when is being a family spot mean that there are zero rules or accountability about keeping one's children reined in?The truth is, we're less inclined to go there on Saturday afternoons now, and that's really too bad. Yet another great joint ruined by parents unwilling to, you know, parent their unruly children. And I'm not alone in this opinion - I've heard it said by others as I have gone around town. Better watch out -- that's the sort of bad word of mouth that can wreck a place.
2	Was very excited about trying this place when we first moved to CLT, but what a huge letdown. A great beer selection and spacious patio are about all VBGB has going for it -- not that those are bad things. The food, however, is altogether AWFUL. Greasy pretzels, overcooked bratwurst -- admittedly, I've had the real thing in Munich, so my bar's pretty high. Decent place to meet friends for a beer after work, but make sure you don't come hungry.
4	We rarely venture far out of the Lake Norman area, but a Groupon to a beer hall in the northern section of Charlotte was just too tempting to pass up. We headed out on a rainy Saturday, which is probably not the best weather to go in, but our Groupon was on the verge of expiring so it was now or never. Despite the ill weather we still had a great time at this beer hall.My first piece of advice regards parking...do not follow your GPS and attempt to park in the area around the building as it will undoubtedly be full and will be a pain to get out of. Instead park in the huge lot right across the street and then just walk over.  Once you enter VBGB you will be surrounding by a few things...long beer hall-esque tables, loud music, and loads of people. It's a fun place to go for a beer with buds, and everyone else seems to be of like mind since the place was packed already when we went at 5pm.  So the main point of attraction at VGBG is the beer. They offer about thirty or so taps and sell them in a variety of ounces. Most of the beers are craft and either local to NC or from other states. There's a little bit of everything and even the most picky beer drinker should be able to find something on draft to chug down. The bartenders were pretty quick, though the first one we spoke with could have been a bit more knowledgeable about the beer list. We started off with a 12oz for each of us then grabbed some appetizers and a seat.The kitchen is pretty convenient as you just walk up to a window, place your order, and then sit back and wait for them to deliver the food to you. We started with the fried pickles and potato latkes. I'm not a huge fan of pickles, but I would definitely eat these again. The fried outside really helps die down a little of the bitterness of the pickle and also gives it more crunch/ texture  than it would get on it's own...both good things in my book. The latkes were pretty decent, though a bit too flimsy for me. The shredded potato cakes were fresh from the fryer and had a great taste, especially when dolloped with sour cream. But they were flaky and fell apart easily, leaving some crumbs to fall to waste. I would have preferred a firmer potato cake but the taste was spot on.After we polished off our first beers, apps and a few rounds of Connect Four (there are a few boardgames that you can bring over to your table) we were ready to move on to the main course. I grabbed a flight of beers (four 5oz glasses) so that we could each try two more beers without committing to two more full glasses. Unfortunately the bar ran out of flight glasses and the tray so I was forced to carry back four soda glasses back to our table. Not only was it a pain for me to carry four glasses without a tray, but by the time I got back and settled the beers were all out of order, so the miss' and I ended up playing an impromtu game of Guess Who. For dinner I ordered the pork brat with sour kraut and the miss' ordered the chicken brat with peppers and onions, both on a pretzel bun. First off, the pretzel bun puts any other bun to shame. That thick, slightly hard exterior that yielded to a soft interior was far superior to any other hot dog/ brat/ sausage vessel you can find. The pork brat with sour kraut was the perfect combination, and the brat was extremely juicy and had that slight snap to it. The chicken brat was equally as good, and with the peppers and onions it gave it a great overall flavor. I personally preferred the pork to the chicken, but both were still pretty damn good.There is an outdoor patio area but we didn't venture out there due to the stormy weather. Overall VGBG's seems like a fun place to sit back and take a load off. A decent selection of beers, some great "beer food", games, live music and more make for a great hangout spot. My biggest criticism is that a lot of people agree, and the place can be a bit too packed for my taste (I all about personal space.) We will definitely be back in the future next time we want to take a few hours out of the day to hang out with good food and great drink.
5	Great service, beer selection, and food!
5	Ahhh VBGB--Long time visitor, first time reviewer. Better put your craft-beer pants on folks, because this place ain't serving pitchers of Bud Light. This place is exactly what Charlotte needed, and sits nestled directly in the heart of the Charlotte Music Factory. It's kind of a no-frills atmosphere, where everything is counter service; I think it works well, because whether you're indoors or out, there is always an opening to order a beer. Also, I think at this point in our city's maturity, unless you have a solid patio/rooftop/outdoor area, you're not quite as cool as everyone else...and wow, does VBGB have an excellent patio. Drinking games abound--ping pong, jenga, cornhole, you name it, they've got it. This place is also perrrrrrfect for the pre-show beer if you're going to either the Fillmore or the TW Amphitheater. A quick stop in for a Birdsong Higher Ground IPA, NoDa 10 Blocks South, or whatever local beer they've got on tap that night, and you'll get right in the groove prior to the show. Last but not least, don't underestimate the food! One of those big-ass Pretzels & some beer cheese?---as our friends from NY say, fahgettaboudit!
4	I have been to VBGB twice now.  Great experience both times!  Super chill atomosphere.  The first visit was wtih a large group.  We had no issues finding a space for all of us inside on a picnic table to watch the game.  We also were going inside and outside a bit to place games out on the patio.  Life size Connect-Four....how cool!My second visit was with my guy friend.  We just chilled at the bar and enjoyed a couple drafts.  I tried one of the pumpkin beers rimmed with cinnamon and sugar.  Yum!  On this visit I discovered the frozen strip at the bar to keep your beer super cold.  How cool!!!They have specials every day....called 4,3,2,1.  I think both days the $4 were of the wine variety and the 3&2 were of the beer family, with the 1 including free beer sauce or something.If you are a Rochester, NY native- THEY HAVE ZWEIGLES HOTDOGS here!  Lol....I couldn't even believe my eyes when I saw it on the menu, not realizing this place had NY roots.  I don't like hot dogs, but I like Zweigles!  They also use Dinosaur BBQ (another Upstate NY gem) products....I love feeling at home while living in (my new home) the Queen City!!!
5	This is one of my favorite places to drink beer in Charlotte.  I usually don't drive out to the Music Factory just to come here, but I am ALWAYS pre-gaming at this place before a show at the Fillmore or the amphitheater.  I get just as excited about coming here as I do about the actual concerts themselves....That's saying something!I can always count on VBGB offering up a beer on tap that I've never tried before.  It's always such an adventure!  It's all craft beer here folks.  The food is very basic, but I like that.  I'm not looking for an expensive meal when I'm trying to get my drink on, just something to keep me going.  If you try anything at all, go with the pretzel & beer cheese.  It's terrific.  A great munchie to keep you grounded after all those high gravity brews!
4	My first experience at VBGB was actually a "girls night out" event where we started the night at the Music Factory there.  Right off the bat, the vibe was very cool, laid back and fun.  I've been there several times since (definitely a great place to pre-game before a concert) and even threw one of my best friends' birthday parties in the private room they have (RESERVE IT---FOR FREE!!!!)  Besides the fact that they have an amazing assortment of beers (Tuesdays $2 drafts-an incredible deal!) AND fantastic food (the pretzel hot dog and beer cheese thought makes my mouth water as I'm typing), they also have a very knowledgeable and friendly staff and a ton of cool bar games!  Giant Jenga, Connect Four, cornhole....You cannot possibly get bored here!  I'm heading there tonight for Trivia at 8:30 and am sure I won't be disappointed.
5	This is a great place!  I have been there multiple times and never leave disappointed.   The beer selection is awesome, they have a large number of craft beers beers on tap and are constantly changing.  On top of the great beer selection there is a ton of this to do.. On the back patio they have ping-pong, corn hole, chess, connect four, and much more!!On top of all the fun activities and great beer, parking is never a problem as there is a giant parking lot across the street, and i have never had to pay a cover mo matter the day of the week!
4	VBGB is cool in its uniqueness.  There is simply no other bar like it in the Crown Town.  Here's what makes it unique...*The beeeeeeers, oh the beers they have.  As others have stated, this isn't the place for a bud lite.  The key vocabulary at VBGB is CRAFT, MICROBREW, and  SEASONAL.  If you don't know what to get, ask the bartenders, they are quick to recommend something to suit anyone's tastes.  *The food - Being a native of Rochester, NY I can truly appreciate the Zwiegle's hot dogs they serve here - simply nothing like 'em and they remind me of home.  The way in which you place and receive your food is also unique.  There is no waiter/waitress service, and there is no hostess.  You just kind of go up to the food window (located inside the VBGB) and order what you want.  Careful, the menu, tho tasty is somewhat limited.  They have onion rings, poppers, Beef kabobs, wings, nachos, and even a black bean burger for that vegetarian we all know.Patio - The outdoor patio area is also a big part of what makes VBGB unique.  They have everything from corn hole to human-checkers.  There are plenty of picnic benches and seating for all.  It definitely dies out a little in the the winter months however. Parking - Parking is somewhat limited in the immediate area surrounding VBGB, but fear not, there is plenty of free, well-lit parking in the parking lot just across the street by Mattie's diner.      I am not giving VBGB 5-stars for one reason - I think its hard to get a beer here.  I rarely am able to go to the window area (from the outside) or up the bar (on the inside)  and order a beer without some sort of wait.  I think part of the difficulty is due to the funky way the bar is set up and the fact that people sit around the bar -  hampering access to the bar tenders.  They might also be understaffed at times, I'm just sayin...Over all, VBGB is a great bar and is the perfect place to take an out-of-towner or the beer lover in all of us.  The crowd is cool, and the beers are colder.
4	I'd been wanting to try this place for some time, so when my wife said that several of her coworkers were getting together there for a little holiday get together I jumped at the chance. The place is interesting; you walk in to a good sized bar area with a nice U shaped bar with an ice rail to keep your beer cold. As you walk in the food ordering window is to the right, and the portion of the bar where you order your drinks is straight ahead. There are a couple of separate dining areas for large groups, and there is a nice patio with tons of super sized games. When we were there they had a large connect four game, 2ping pong tables, 3 or 4 corn hole set ups, a giant chess board, and 2 large jenga sets. There seems to be something for everyone, and the place was packed.The service was decent; there was no wait staff wandering around checking on people. If you want a beer you have to go to the bar, and if you want food you have to go to the window. Not a bad set up, but it can get backed up at times.The food was good, we got a little of all of the finger type foods so that everyone could try multiple things. Fried pickles, soft pretzels with beer cheese, hot wings, nachos, sweet potato fries, etc... Everything was good, the pretzels and beer cheese was great.Now, on to the most important part.... The beer. The beer selection seemed to be well thought out; a nice mixture of NC locals, southeast regionals, and nation craft beers. There was also a nice mixture of APA's, IPA's, Porters, Stouts, etc... Too often a craft beer bar will have 20-30 taps and more than half of them are IPA's, and big stouts, and other styles get left out to the dismay of casual beer drinkers that aren't into these styles. I spent most of the evening drinking Birdsong Jalapeno Pale, and Lagunitas Brown Sugga. All for a reasonable price.Overall,  I was impressed with this place and look forward to going back
4	I visited VBGB Beer Hall and Garden last Saturday night for a birthday party.  It's a great venue for large group gatherings.  The restaurant/bar is presumably modeled after German beer halls and gardens.Inside, there is a huge horseshoe-shaped bar with plenty of seating.  On the floor, there are several large picnic-style, communal tables (like a German beer garden would have).  Above, there are a handful of TV displays tuned to sports.Outside, there is big patio with more tables and many games.  Games include giant Jenga, giant Connect Four, giant chess, cornhole, and more.  Since it was cold outside, the patio was enclosed and heat lamps were brought out to provide a measure of warmth.Ample free parking is available in a paved parking lot directly outside the building.  I'm not sure when this place opened, but it feels relatively new.  A reservation was made for our party of 20+, so two tables were blocked off with signs for our group.You can get beer at the bar and there's a window by the kitchen where you can order food.  After placing your food order, you're given a number to place at your table and your food is brought out to you.  VBGB's food menu mainly consists of bar food such as fries, onion rings, wings, chicken tenders, and burgers.  I was told by the staff that their most popular items are their jumbo pretzels, bratwurst, and kabobs.  I like their affordable pricing -- not a single item over $10.I tried the following:Chicken bratwurst with spinach and feta ($6)Quinoa salad ($3) - black beans, corn, tomato, cilantro, lime vinaigrette, colored tortillasFried pickles ($3)Cinn-A-Yum pretzel ($5) - jumbo pretzel covered in cinnamon & sugar, w/ vanilla icing on the sideComplimentary sauerkraut and sauteed peppers and onions are available for any bratwurst or hot dog order upon request.  I had sauerkraut put on my chicken brat.  I also had it served in VBGB's housemade pretzel bun, so I ended up with a very unique brat.  It wasn't a pork brat and it wasn't served in a typical bun.It didn't take very long for the food to arrive from the kitchen.  The brat was freshly grilled and the bun was freshly toasted.  The brat was large, but I wouldn't consider it jumbo.  The meat was juicy and seasoned well.  I could taste the spinach and feta, but the flavors were subtle.  The sauerkraut wasn't bad.  As for the bun, it definitely tasted like and almost had the consistency of a pretzel.The quinoa salad was good.  It was served with a side of hard, colored tortillas.  I could have done without the tortillas and more quinoa.  The quinoa salad was healthy and refreshing.  It was served in a small paper tray.The fried pickles were served piping hot.  They came with a side of dipping sauce, which I didn't try.  The fried pickles were good enough on their own.  I recommend sharing this side as it's a bit greasy.The Cinn-A-Yum pretzel is the dessert spin on VBGB's jumbo pretzel.  The pretzel is indeed jumbo and they coat it in a thick layer of cinnamon and sugar.  It's expectedly sweet and you even have the option of having it coated with vanilla, chocolate, caramel, or raspberry icing.  I had the (vanilla) icing served on the side and used it as a dip.  Due to their sheer size, I recommend sharing these pretzels too.Jessica was our server and she seemed pretty cool.  Very friendly, as were many of the staff.Overall, I had a good time at VBGB.  It had a nice relaxed and casual atmosphere and proved to be a good meeting place for a big group of friends.Trivia: VBGB stands for Very Big German Beer.
4	I attended a welcome party/dinner here, a precursory celebration during a wedding weekend.  Which was pretty rad, so for anyone looking for a more laid back large group lunch/dinner - perhaps you want to consider VBGB?  The sad news, for me at least, is that there isn't much in terms if vegan food options.  However, the quinoa salad is in fact terrific (and I'm fine with consuming my calories in fermented liquid format, thank you very much).  Even if the quinoa wasn't the only item I could eat, I'm confident I would have still inhaled five cups (approximately?  sure felt like it afterwards, whoah) of the stuff.  Thankfully everyone else was busy stuffing their faces with pretzels and beer cheese, sliders, etc., so no one really missed the quinoa . . . The secluded side room (complete with a one-person restroom!) and patio are was reserved for us, but as the festivities ended, a dozen of us wandered into the large patio area chockfull of game such as Connect Four, cornhole, ping pong etc.  There was a laptop DJ as well and quite a large crowd.  The beers, they are impressive.  But there's also wine for those of us who try to abstain from beer.  I had a few whiskey sours that night as well as they were the "themed drink" named after the now wedded couple's dog.  I'm sure whatever you have a hankering for - VBGB has it.
4	Good selection of beers, great pretzels, fun environment.  Would be a good place to go back to when in town.  Bar, not a restaurant.
3	I am actually in love with this place because it reminds me of the beer gardens in Queens, NY where I grew up.  The atmosphere is chill and I love all the games they have that you can play from cornhole to ping pong to the giant connect four for those of you looking to rekindle your love of childhood board games.  The food is pretty good too.  The pretzel and beer cheese was right up my alley.My only disappointment is that I came on a Friday night after a concert at the Fillmore and the place was less than half full.  I can't figure out why because it seems to have all the makings of a great hangout spot.  I wonder if it was just an off night or just because summer hasn't started, so I'll be back and hopefully the scene will pick up more then.
4	This place is so much fun! They have larger than life chess and Jenga, as well as cornhole boards, and ping pong tables. It was a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon. We ordered the Crispin cider (which was a little over priced IMO), and the pretzel with beer cheese. The food is amazing. After even looking at our pretzel, there were other people in our party that ordered one. It was awesome! Can I please have that cheese in a cup to take home? I want to dip it with everything! We also had some wings and some sweet potato fries. I thought the fries were very good, but my husband fell in love with their honey mustard dipping sauce that comes with it. All in all we had a great time here. There was more than enough parking just across the street, we had good drinks, excellent food, and plenty to keep us entertained. A must go for people that have never been!**Just a side note, they used to be open every day but Mondays, but have recently decided to be open on Mondays too, another day to have fun!
5	I can't wait for summer and the beach volleyball courts!
3	This place is a pretty good contender for becoming an amazing beer garden like the ones in NYC. Jumbo-sized games (chess and Jenga) and spaces to play Cornhole Toss and ping-pong plus an amazing beer selection!It doesn't seem to attract a huge crowd (I wonder why?), but I think it's a great place to come with a group of friends just wanting to enjoy a chill night out in Charlotte.Maybe people only gather around here when the weather is warm? Hopefully I'll be able to go again this summer!
5	I think that by far this is one of the best places to hang out at the NC Music Factory! I've been coming to VBGB since it opened off and on. I've never had a bad experience. Everything this places advertises on it delivers. The bar is nice open and clean and the staff is warm and inviting even in times of high volume rushes. When you walk in you'll notice that this place doesn't look like you typical gastropub but has a nice laid back feel with long tables and a bar with an ice shelf. There is a large patio out back that is great for relaxing underneath this huge neon sign which adds to the ambiance of the patio. The last time I was there, the patio boasted a large chess/checker set.  There is a side room that an organization I belong to rented out that was very nice and private and at relatively low cost. It also has its own private outdoor patio. The menu selection here is great! The are food specials here almost every day. The fare here is a different kind of bar fodder with everything from burgers to edamame. This place is worth the try if you are looking for a young and hip spot for a rising young professional that needs a place to blow off some steam.
2	I love beer gardens, and I love beer.  I am giving this place a two star, because on the night I went, they had a DJ blasting crappy music in the tent.  The whole point of beer gardens with the bench seating is to enjoy good music, and more importantly, good company.Wihout the crap DJ, i'd give this place a 4 star.  I'll change my rating if I go and the ambience is better.
5	No compliants; good beer, good prices, good food. Great place for spring/summer when weather is nice. Fun for a relaxing night with friends!
4	After going to many a show at the NC Music Factory, I was embarrassed to say I had not tried VBGB.  I have finally remedied that and am very glad of it!  To the right of the entrance is the counter where you can place your order for food.  You order, take a number, and move along.  There are all kinds of things on the menu: burgers, pretzels, salads, wings, fried things, brats, and so on.  The prices are extremely reasonable.  If you're going to a show and not trying to break the bank for the evening on food/beverages, this is definitely the place to go.  Once you have your food ordered up, you can either take a seat at one of the long picnic tables and wait or make the wise decision and head on over to the bar to get your beer on.  All the local craft breweries have offerings, and there are other craft brews available from all over the place.  You can order all different sizes, from a 12 ounce cup to a jumbo-sized mug to a pitcher.  If it's busy, I recommend going the pitcher route so you don't have to keep going back and waiting in line.  Once you have your number for your food and your beer situation squared away, you can sit inside or outside.  Plenty of places to park it.  The staff brings the food out to you when it's ready and you're good to go.  The place was packed when we were there, but we had no problem finding a seat and the wait for the food was not bad at all.  This place seems to run pretty smoothly when things are busy, and you can get in and out in 30-45 minutes if you're in a rush to catch the opening act.  The food itself was pretty darn tasty.  I had a chicken brat and the lady went with quinoa salad.  We also got sweet potato fries.  Good stuff, and we spend about 16 bucks for the whole thing!  We will definitely be back!
4	Great "German Style Beer House" adjacent to the Downtown Amphitheater and The Fillmore. First time there and I'm definitely a fan. Great crowd for this particular show but could vary depending upon what band is playing. Fairly good selection of beers on tap that include some great local brews from NoDA Brewing and Birdsong Brewery. You walk up to order food at 'window' to the right immediately after you walk in and get a number that you take back to where ever you feel like sitting. Cozy up to a stranger and make friends! Simple food menu that works really well with beer. They even have sand volleyball courts outside. Look forward to my next visit before & after a concert.
5	Cool place.  A lot of beers to try.
4	Cool and unique place! There are games for kids to keep them entertained, lots of outdoor seating and beach volleyball courts.  A little something for everyone!  The food is really quite good and reasonably priced.  You order food from a walk-up counter, and then it is brought to your table.  And our food arrived amazingly fast which was great since we had kids with us.  It's a little rough around the edges (some of the picnic tables are sagging, games are getting worn out, etc.) but overall a fun place with great food.  We ordered the caprese salad skewers, quinoa salad, burger, sausage sandwich, pretzel, pulled chicken sandwich, chips and corn salad, chicken bites, etc.  Basically, we ordered the entire menu and it was delicious.  They have limited selection on non-alcholic drinks (no iced tea, or lemonade, etc.) and they should serve some sort of plates with the food as it is usually shared among more than one person.  Other than that, GREAT place!
4	VBGB is fun and a great environment for enjoying a beer before a concert with friends at NC Music Factory. They have a great beer selection featuring lots of local and North Carolina breweries and the food is decent enough (could be better in my opinion). I really like the layout of ordering food at the window, they just add it to your tab and bring it out to you. Still hungry after your pretzel, just go order something else! The pretzel is delicious but the beer cheese needs a little work - tastes like some kind of velvetta/American/nacho hybrid - cheddar would be better! Worth getting though, I definitely go for the beer and atmosphere. Lots of seating inside and outside too.
4	The bartenders are all very friendly and easy on the eyes. Don't order a mixed drink...it WILL be watered down, no matter how much you tell them you want it strong. Never in my life did I expect to play something called "Cornhole". It's just a sack of corn that you toss into a hole. Seems pretty boring, but after a few drinks in...it becomes fun cause you're trying to concentrate. The beer hall itself is nicely laid out, spacious...lots of seating... They have sand where you can play volleyball. That's a first! And ping pong tables, giant jenga, giant chess and giant connect 4.
4	Looooooove the beer selection here, and they are awesome because they will let me sample several before making my selection (I'm picky about beer). Tuesdays are especially awesome when they have great beer specials. Food is good; chicken spinach and feta brat with grilled onions and peppers is delicious as is the quinoa salad! Will definitely be back; it's a favorite.
4	This place is great. Gets really crowded before concerts and I swear the prices go up x2 but still a fun time.
4	Food amazing!  Beer good.  Beer prices are a bit rough, but worth it every now and again.  Fun environment as well.
3	A very good beer selection, but can get so crowded it can be off putting.  However, they have plenty of room and games in the back!
5	It's a beer garden. With an ice bar. That should be enough information for you to go. But in case you want a bit more to this review, here it is. Lets start with the best part - the brews. Since it's a beer garden, you won't find any Miller Lite, Bud Light options here (OK, there is PBR for those who want to drink cheap or just get back to a domestic style). We're looking at all craft brews including some from NC breweries and some from outside the state. But you can always appreciate a bar paying homage to the state. The beers are constantly being rotated out. Which gives you a new beer to try every time but also makes you want to type a : (  if a tasty selection is no longer available. And then there's the ice bar. That's right, a snow strip that travels around the bar that allows you to keep you beer chilled at all times. Why every bar doesn't have this is beyond me. The food deserves a nod of the cap as well. On Monday's, chef Matt creates his own burger, slathering on sauces and toppings of really whatever he wants to create that day and gives it to you for the event tastier price of $5. Then there's the boneless wings with the Dinosaur BBQ sauce. I highly recommend the Wango Tango sauce, giving you a slight kick and lots of flavor. Dip em in the blue cheese and thank me later. And of course, the VBGB pretzel. Iconic. Enough to split for a snack. And comes with beer cheese. Wait... wait... there's more. Best bar idea to me has always been hey, lets bring games into the bar. Here you'll find jenga, connect four, chess, cornhole and ping pong. An easy spot to stay at for hours. Great for big kids of all ages. Because lets face it. We all want to kick ass in connect four. Even better, I applaud owners Tom and Kara for an amazing staff. Having worked in the service industry for 6 years, I appreciate good service. And good, constant service every time you go in is something to recognize. Extra applause to Chris. Great bartender. And an extra note, go on Tuesdays - beers are only $3. Love VBGB but if you stay there too long, you'll rack up a nice bill since it's all higher priced crafts.
4	Stopped by prior to a show at the comedy zone - had the pretzel and fried pickle appetizers.  Pretzel was top notch - chewy on the inside, crusty on the outside, and the stone ground mustard dip made a nice pairing.  Fried pickles had a nice Cajun edge to them that worked well with the sharpness of the pickle and the smoothness of the ranch.Obviously a great selection of beer, nicely categorized with several local choices.  Unless you get once of the specials, you're paying a little premium for the cool atmosphere.All in all, a solid place to hang if you're in the uptown area.
5	This was by far one of the coolest and most fun bars I have been to. Between the great selection of craft beers from all over the place to the out door games its a great place to hang out. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to go out and do something different instead of sitting in a boring dark bar.
4	I am not the biggest beer drinker to be found. Not even by size - though I do seem to be getting there. But VBGB makes me want to drink beer, if for no other reason than to play with the awesome ice rail. More places need something like this, whether it is for beer or simply to entertain those with a short attention span.That alone would not keep you coming back, however. The staff behind the bar is excellent, even for those - like myself - who may not always know what they want, and can help get you pointed in the right direction, happily serving up a sample (or three) to help you along your way.While there is food to be had, and it isn't the best you will ever find, it's certainly far from the worst. On a good day, you can also partake of the outside fun and games too. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area. Be warned that you might not leave for a while.
5	I was never into beer, needless to say I was dragged here my first time but after my 4th visit last night I really like this place. It has a very diverse interesting crowd, I usually wear heels and dresses and I don't feel out of place. There is live music and the staff are very cool and nice. I looooove their beer pretzels and outdoor area where you can play giant Jinga, tic tac toe, battle it out at corn hole or strike up a conversation with the group next to you at their picnic table style seating area.  It's an all around good time :)
5	Amazing! Fun, awesome beer selection. Best pretz I'v ever had. The music district has great character. 5 stars!
4	Hot spot with old friends! First time going here, and went o meet up with the old crew. It is very spacious and I lie the way its set up. Plenty of seating. Bartender offered me a free beer for looking thirsty, so he got extra brownie points from the start. I am not a beer connoisseur by no means, in fact usually do not care for other flavors beside my Miller lite and New Castle. I really enjoyed the taste of this free beer that was handed to me. I was actually impressed. They support all of Charlotte's local breweries and craft beers as well as around the world. And trust me, if they can hand me a craft beer and I like it, there is something for everyone. They have a huge, tented patio for year round cover, while being able to enjoy the outside. The night I was there they had a volley ball tournament going on. Me personally I am not going to a bar to participate in a full fledge volley ball tournament but the fact this place can host something like that is cool. I also saw corn hole and table tennis. Not sure how corn hole got so huge, but hey it's popular and they have it. Too bad I was not able to taste some of the food, that will be next time. Looking at the menu, prices are pretty reasonable and affordable.  I would come here again. The service was great and the place was comfortable. Cant wait to try lunch or dinner soon.
4	Great beer selection. Giant sized versions of Connect Four and Jenga, along with cornhole and ping pong. What could be bad?!?Big ol' beer garden that I've heard about for 6 months since I've been here. Finally got here. Truthfully, I don't see any reason why, for what they are, I couldn't give it 5 stars....but I feel like 5 should be reserved for spectacular, so 4 it is!
5	This place has it all!Dozens of drafts beers, full liquor selection and an on-site short order grill. It boasts indoor and outdoor seating and has giant Jenga, bagg-o, giant chess and ping pong tables.
4	Great selection of microbrews (many of which are local). The food selection is generally bar food but a step up. Ive had the pretzel, grilled cheese, chicken bites and buffalo chicken egg rolls and would order all of them again. The venue also has a game area with chess, corn-hole, connect four, jenga, etc. Lastly, two dollar (drafts) Tuesday is always a good option. In summary, I'll be back.
4	Great place to hang out and drink cold ice bar beer.
4	Great hangout place for people of any clique. The staff is friendly too. Its a low key, relaxed, but fun atmosphere. I could wear sweat pants there and no one would care. The beer, food, and oversized board games are great. No entry fee, just present ID.
4	Cool spot and a large "outside" area with several game options.  It's a fun place to hang out if your over near the NC Factory.  If you go, be sure to get the pretzel.  You will thank me later.
5	We really enjoyed VBGB's!  When you walk in there are two windows to right of the place to order your food. You are given a number and they bring you your order. Then you can order your drinks at the huge, beautiful bar (which has an ice shelf!).  I was expecting more of a sit-down type restaurant but this place was still pretty awesome. It has a great vibe, quick and friendly service, not overly crowded, and the food is really good! We ordered the giant pretzel- the beer cheese is really good! I had the pork brat on the roll. I really enjoyed it, the roll was soft and not too hard or crunchy, like at some places.  My husband had the buffalo chicken tacos which were spicy and delicious.  Our friends ordered the fried pickle appetizer- they was really good too! They were chip not spear style.  The pickles had a light, crispy batter and had a bit of spice. I loved the ambiance of the place too, with hip music and decor. I love the overhead string lights as well.  This place was more biergarten-ish than I was expecting. They also have a back patio which could be fun come spring. I will definitelty be back to VBGB's next time I am in the area!
3	Between 3 and 4 stars...I liked the freshness of the food, beer selection, and the food/kitchen staff were great. Food itself was just average, seating is picnic bench-style (very uncomfortable). This is a "Beer Hall" so if you go with that expectation you won't be disappointed, but we were hoping for something more.
5	Sand volleyball, outdoor patio with games and occasionally live music, huge beer selection and the most amazing soft pretzels with homemade beer cheese...my favorite bar in Charlotte!!
3	Great place for a group of people, especially in the summer. Food is good, wash it down with the Brooklyn!
4	This place was a lot of fun! We went on a Saturday afternoon while we were in town for Alan engagement party and it wasn't too crowded. The beers were well priced, and the wings were delicious! The space is huge with lots of games including corn hole, giant chess and Jenga, and lots of board games.
4	Great vibe, cool set up and kick ass beer menu! What else do ya need?? Oh, did I mention the soft  pretzles, pretzel buns and legendary onion rings? He'll yes!Owner is from NY and had incorporated some NY culinary treasures in his menu like Dino BBQ sauce.Place has a really cool set up- beer hall feel and huge outdoor patio.We will def be returning !
5	Love this place from the food to the people it's a great place to go for something different and delicious!!! Great vegetarian options not so much for vegans.
5	This review is from the perspective of a large group.  We threw a surprise 40th birthday party at VBGB in February of this year.  It was great!!!  I cannot say enough good things about having the party here.  I worked with Maria throughout the process and she made it very easy.They let us reserve a private room inside the building, we were able to close the door off so the surprise guest could open the door and walk in. We were able to arrive early and decorate the room as we wanted.  We were also sent food options and were able to have a few appetizers set up upon our arrival.  This spot was great!!  From start to finish the service was great and everyone had a wonderful time.Even down to asking for trash bags to take some of the decorations home in they went out of their way to help us.  I cannot recommend this enough if you are looking for a spot for a group event.***Also do not forget to get the pretzels  = AMAZING!!***
4	Really good beer selection here. We had food from the catering menu. Wings were great, they had a lot of meat on them. Dinosaur sliders sound weird.... Eat them. Beer cheese and pretzels yum.
5	This is a great place to hang out in the warmer months on their HUGE patio.  They have lots of fun games - cornhole, giant connect four, giant jenga and giant chess.  This place is perfect to meet a group of friends as you don't have to worry about the whole "separate check" issue.  They have a walk up counter to order food so you just place your number right on your table for the food delivery.   Huge walkup bar inside and walkup windows for bar service on the patio.  TONS of beer selections, DUH, it is a "beer garden".  And lots of yummy food options too - don't miss the giant pretzels with beer cheese! Perfect meeting spot before a concert at the Fillmore!
4	I like a lot of things about this place.1. It is the only place that I can really stomach in the whole NC music factory complex. I like going here before the comedy zone.2. If you have friends with kids- this is a great place to go with children during the day. They have a giant chess set and some games. Kids can run around and get away with a lot. I once went here before some sort of Disney kids concert and it was packed with children dodging pints of beer.3. It is HUGE. This is good if you are meeting up for a birthday or with a large group. This is a pet peeve of mine- only some places can really handle a giant group. This place can handle it.4. It is corny- but I do love the rip off Banksy art work.5. The beer selection is solid. There are also non beer choices. It is priced well.6. POTATO LATKES ARE DELICIOUS. The pretzel and beer cheese is also fantastic. The menu isn't huge, but it is good bar food.7. If it is too hot- they have covered areas and fans. If it is too cold- they have heaters. The negative:WHY OH WHY do you not invest in more plants/flowers? Go to a local nursery or home depot. Blow $500 on plants and it would make a huge transformation. I cannot for the life of me understand why this hasn't happened. They put in a volley ball section- but still- the plants are just sad. Please add more plants. It needs it.
4	Came out here a recent afternoon to watch coworkers play their intramural games. Enjoyed lounging on the bench tables and sipping/snacking with folks after the vball.Moderately sized but respectable draft selection, cool-looking shack for canned beers, and solid small plates. The pretzel + beer cheese is solid, but the boneless wings were a bit chewy.
5	Love this place! 5 sand volleyball courts, great beer selection and delicious food! The outdoor patio is huge-- great for groups! There's oversized board games (jenga, checkers, etc.), a ping pong table and corn hole, too! Huge parking lot across the street.
5	Ate while on tour. Food was very good. No complaints. Had the burger with the potato latkes. Really tasty. And the beer selection was good. Cool vibe. Might go again tonight before we take off.
4	Lots of space you and your friends...monster sized bar and tasty treats equals a place to frequent. Not fussy. But works the casual rustic chic look quite well!
4	I went yesterday and had a really good time! The crowd is what you'd find at Common Market, but it's way bigger of a place so you're not rubbing up against hipsters all night. I had the Wedge salad which, while delicious, was difficult to eat because they put it bottom up, so I have to turn it over and hack at it. I got the dressing everywhere. Boyfriend had the nachos with beer cheese, which were really, really good!  There's giant versions of chess, connect four, and Jenga, along with normal versions. Dog friendly, and there's a volleyball court. It's definitely one of the better bars in Charlotte. I just wish I didn't live so far from it.
4	Easily one of the most unique places to hang out. The food was amazing ( I had the Black Bean burger) and they have a slew of board games as well as more active games, such as a life-size Connect Four. Highly relaxed environment for families and groups.
5	One of my hands down favorite places in Charlotte. Great food, great beer, great service. You must try the pulled chicken sandwich with dinosaur sauce and of course the famous pretzels with beer cheese. Wether you feel like sitting inside or outside you're bound to have a wonderful time. They've got life sized chess, connect four, jenga, plus a massive patio and volleyball courts outside. It's all around an awesome experience!
5	I could have spent my trip here with the dogs and been so happy! I wish we had a bar like this in columbus. They have so many activities other then drinking that things stay fun. Didn't try the food but had a Cabernet at $6. Which was cheap compared to everywhere else. People were playing corn hole and having a blast. We played the mega connect four and loved it. Open one in columbus Ohio!
1	The first time my family went here, we had an awesome time. Good time with good company. We played volleyball until midnight. We had such a good time, we came back the next night. But the 2nd time wasn't as charming. When we got there and all of the volleyball courts we taken so we were just waiting for one to clear up. Finally, when we got a chance to get on a court around 10:00. The lights turned off, which isn't a big deal because we played in the dark the first time. Then a blonde girl (not sure if she's apart of VBGB staff because she wasn't wearing uniform) barged on the courts and disrespectfully, kicked us off the court. Someone probably pissed in her cereal that morning because she had the biggest attitude. Which started to annoy us because she was so rude about. But not a big deal, we let it slide and got off the courts but we were confused because we were able to play volleyball on the courts until midnight the day before. But no, it doesn't end there. She went around to all of the servers, talking *excuse my language* shit about us. That's when lines have been crossed. This place has so much potential but unfortunately, staff members needs a lot of attitude adjustment. Rude service calls for rude customers. And for the blonde girl that disrespected my family, well I hope your day is at least a little better than your personality (:
1	I got to give this place 1 star. Bad customer service and rude ass attitude. We got disrespected by the whole  entire staff. That kind of service is a NO NO. Will never come back to this place.....
5	Love the seasonal beer, the friendly staff, great food...never have I gotten anything wrong, made poorly or nasty. Each time it's consistent which is hard to keep up. Love this place.
5	This place is fantastic. Its a great place for everyone to hang out, volleyball players or not. They have fun and competitive leagues during the week. After the lights are out, play is over, and that's that. The staff is super friendly! I've been going there for nearly 6 months now- awesome every time!
5	For anyone bitching about the service, take into consideration that they usually serve THOUSANDS of people people at any given time. I've been there when they're slammed and have never once seen a staff member been anything but informative, friendly and helpful. The place is a unique space to hang out in and the beer selection is out of this world. I've only had positive experiences here and will continue to go back. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go eat another giant pretzel.
4	This place is amaaaaazing! Love a great venue which have a lot of different activities. Like huge Jenna pieces, enormous chess board, humongous connect-4, corn hole, and I thought I saw a volleyball net.Place - Great place for a get together and hanging out with friends.  If you want to find a place where you want to actually do something, other than just mingling and drinking beer - this is the place.Price - I like to take shots, so the prices are a bit high, I went for the $5 specials.Venue - I really enjoyed the layout of the place.  Upon entering the establishment, the bar is straight aheade, and you can order your food items to your right.  If you enter through the right back, you will get to the game room section. Overall, I really enjoyed this place. It's different and fun.
4	Love that VGBG came to the music factory. Great place to grab a beer and meet friends before a show, watch the game, place a game of ping pong or beach volley ball... Yes they have beach volleyball courts!!Ever-changing menu of national and local beers at decent prices and above average german-inspired bar food. The pretzel is huge and the beer cheese is homemade and delicious. I was a little disappointed with the brats as they were small and a little under cooked. In addition, they wouldn't let us get a side of fries with a normal brats because they were "proportioned to the brat special" what?! Anyways, the fries were delicious though proportions were small.Love the chill rail on the bar and communal beer hall tables. Service always seems to be present and helpful. This place gets busy pre shows so get here early!
4	This was my first visit to VBGB for a friend's low key birthday party. It turned out to be the perfect combination of fun, food and drinks! They have tons of beers on tap and a very knowledgeable staff! You can sample any beet on tap to make sure you get exactly what your looking for and they also have a full bar. And let's not downplay the food! Burgers, pretzels and wings are just some of the goodies you'll find! And apparently they keep weekly specials! So check out their Facebook page for what's happening before you go! You should also check out the games in the patio! There's volleyball, corn hole and a giant chess set! Plenty of stuff for everyone to enjoy! Seriously just grab some friends and get out there! I'm looking forward to heading back soon!
5	One of the more fun bars I've been to on a Tuesday night, and here I am in Charlotte, NC.  A friend met me here for my 1 night in town, and she said she wanted to show me something different rather than a generic bar.  Glad she took me here.First off, they had a ton of beers on tap and for some reason it was $3 beer night.  I chatted with my bartender for a bit to help choose my first beer, but the 2nd and 3rd beers were all her doing.  I have no idea what I drank but all 3 were good, and my tab was $9 before tax and tip.  I've had single beers before that cost $9.The rest of place is just awesome if you want to be entertained.  Inside a big bar with World Series of Poker playing on the TV (oh hey, I made that show).  Outside there's a full volleyball court with sand.  WTF!?  Super-sized Connect 4 games.  Board games a plenty.  I played Battleship outside at midnight at a bar drinking a beer.  Pretty sure that's as good as it gets for a Tuesday!
4	This place is a blast. Love the ice rail to keep your beer cold, but the outdoor space is my favorite part!
4	I'm a big, BIG fan of this place. It's a completely unique experience from all the other bars around Charlotte. First of all, they have a huge patio, volleyball courts, ping pong, corn hole... you could basically stay there all day and have a great time. The beer selection is great, I've never been there and haven't found something new and different to try. They tend to stick with regional breweries with I like but have some pretty good micro brews from the entire US. Oh, if you are a bud lite person they have that too, though people might look at you funny. I think one of the best things about this place if that the food is LEGIT. German style plates that are delicious. If it's your first time, you cannot leave without their soft pretzel with beer cheese. I know some girls that would rather go out with this pretzel and beer cheese than their boyfriends... and vice-versa. Service is ok, one thing that annoys me (when not too busy) is that they take your beer as soon as you finish it.. sometimes even before your last sip... some people just call that a good way to keep your glass full... it's irritating at times. Whether you're going to the Fillmore or the NC Music Factory to catch a show or just going out for a couple of pints. This is a great place to begin and end your evening...
4	You come for the beer but you'll stay for the games and great food. The beer selection is top notch - many local beers from Birdsong, Triple C, Wicked Weed, and Noda. They usually carry a few of the staples from the local breweries but also have a nice variety of the lesser known brews as well. I've been here a few times now and have played corn hole, jenga, and connect four. Really fun - especially while having a few beers.  I've still yet to try the chess board and volleyball courts. All games are life sized and easy to play even if you're a newbie. The food is surprisingly good.  Our table ordered a bunch of food to share and it was all really good.  We ordered the black bean burger, sweet potato fries, chips and salsa, pretzel, Italian sausage, edamame, and potato latkes.  My favorite was probably the black bean burger and the potato latke's. The black bean burger comes on a pretzel bun and is one of the most flavorful veggie burgers I've had. The latkes were surprisingly good and are made with potatoes, onions, and chives. They are fried and come out in the shape of potato chips. A really great concept for those looking for more than just a bar atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend a visit for anyone looking to have a good time with friends.
1	If I'm paying you for event I damn well better have an options on music. The music sucks balls the owner is a total asshole times ten and the food wasn't all that great. Oh this was my First Lady and only visit I wish I never visited. Awesomeness
5	Great food, drinks, and atmosphere! We went here for dinner before our concert and enjoyed it so much we stopped by after the concert too.
4	This place is as cool as it gets in Charlotte, NC. Its a great spot to take people from out of town if you are going with a group of 10+ so they can meet people, play games like corn hole, giant Jenga, life sized chess, connect four, ping pong, etc. It is a great place to start the night off or finish a good night after a concert or dinner in the NC Music Factory. Lots of good beer on tap! In my opinion( i'm a burger guru) the food is pretty good just not amazing. I have had food that is good and food that is average. My friends have the same opinion so I know its not just me! Usually Friday and Saturday nights they have a DJ spinning a really good mix to contribute to the trendy atmosphere.
5	Fun spot... Even on a Monday. Bartenders are cool and sociable, food pairs well with the beer. Lastly, on the patio you can unwind, play games, drink, and watch others. Definitely somewhere I'll visit again, they have events posted often.
5	Eversince my husband found this place, we couldnt get enough of it. You would come for all kinds of beer and stay even longer for music, food ( chicken wings are awesome) and games. It is family friendly place and is great option for starting a great weekend in Charlotte.
5	Cornhole! Beer, cornhole, beer, cornhole. Beer. Amazing beer selection with an exceptional atmosphere for hanging out with friends and making them. Definitely a must go to!
4	Lots of great activities to do--big connect four, big jenga, and corn hole, outdoor beer garden area is great for warm nights--you can bring your pets there, too!Good for groups and hanging out!Beer is pretty good selection, wings are pretty good. I got the Wango Tango sauce which is a bit spicy. They've got great pretzels, the grilled cheese comes with bacon and is made with pretzels as the two slices.
3	Great place! The food was not great. I had the Pulled Chicken (was told it was pork when I ordered). It just didn't taste right. My hubby had the Zweigles hot dog! We are from Rochester,NY and he was so excited to have one. Definitely will go back and try again. Great place to hang out with friends!
5	Have been several times. Great beer selections and always enjoy the shots they have up on the board. The food is just what you want when you're out drinking. Pretty much have had everything offered on the menu, having nothing negative to say about any one of the items! Love that there are games, corn hole, etc. my boyfriend loves the frozen ice border on the bar that keeps your beer chilled. It's the little things. :) bar tenders always friendly, helpful, on top of it, and patient. This is one of our top spots for drinks and the environment is laid back and enjoyable.
4	We had the pulled chicken bbq sandwich and the black bean burger with a side of sweet potato fries.  And we liked it!My complaint as a non-dairy person is the sandwich bread and pretzel rolls are automatically griddled with butter so that is something for me to remember next time.  And they don't have iced tea.But the bathrooms are nice and clean and can handle the number of customers.  And you can play the many board games they have on a shelf by the bar.  They have seating outside for fresh air.  And guess what else?  Life size chess and giant connect four!
4	Great selection of beer on tap. Food very good as well. Well organized even on days there is an event going on at the Fillmore, uptown amphitheater or bc music factory. The larger lawn games are always a riot. Food use of space as several outdoor volleyball nets are set up and always packed. Overalls great place and must try when in town.
3	This place isn't anything special. My main problem is that the beer prices are outrageous. A 12 oz draft will cost you more than a pint of that same beer at any other bar. I think I paid an average of $6.00 per 12 oz pour.  17 oz pours averaged in around $7.50. Good draft selection and the atmosphere isn't bad. Again, nothing special. The food prices are reasonable and the fried fare we tried was good. The bar staff was nice, knowledgeable, and helpful. I just can't get over the beer prices.
4	This is the type of place I could dig in and make my regular place...if it weren't for a few drawbacks....What I love about the VBGB is that there's a huge selection of beers and a nice menu of things to eat.  The inside is dark and urban divebar chic.  The layout is nice and there are plenty of things to do for those that don't like eating pretzels and cheese at picnic tables.Cornhole...Ginormous Connect Four...etc...etc.Great beer selection...great food....things to do....what drawbacks?I don't want to use that word that is so commonly thrown around to disparage the PBR swilling, nerd glasses wearing, skinny jean donning, ear spacered...waxed mustachios we so often see.  Let's just say...the crowd here varies depending on the day of week and what time it is, but you'll definitely see people that, "did it before you, saw them before you, are more indie than you, know that band, are in a band, used to be into what you're into...but are so over it, have been drinking PBR before it was cool, blah blah blah."If you're coming here to mingle...you will most definitely run into this crowd.  The best way to experience VBGB is to come with a group and enjoy it free of the baloney.Try:  The Spaten Optimator with a brat and krautAvoid:  Swilling (there's alot of great beer on tap)
5	I love this place! I have been numerous times and I have had wonderful service and the FOOD is AWESOME! I highly recommend the pretzel and chicken wings! The atmosphere is always warm and welcoming!
4	This place is SO much fun.  Cheap, but great drinks, amazing food and an eclectic crowd combined with free parking make this my new favorite hangout!
5	This is one of my favourite bars in Charlotte. Their website boasts no Friday cover ever, but I have never known them to charge a cover (and I prickle at the practice of paying just to drink somewhere, especially if there isn't a band). The best deal they have is on Tuesday night, where almost any of their craft beer drafts are only $3 (let me take a moment to mourn over the fact that they used to only charge $2 on Tuesday). Their beer selection is excellent, and they continually swap out their inventory. This can lead to heartbreak when they no longer carry your favorite beer but makes room for you to discover a new favorite! The bartenders here are excellent and knowledgeable enough to help you navigate what can be an overwhelming selection for a novice beer drinker. They are also happy to hand out samples. This is also a great location to socialize. They have long tables for big groups, and plenty of board games in addition to life size chess and connect four.
5	We came with a group of people on Saturday night. There were a good amount of people, but not too packed. The beer selection was great as you would expect from a Beir Garden.  The atmosphere was casual, dimly lit to fit the laid-back mood, and fun. The other patrons were a mixture of people in their 20s and 30s. We played several board games that they had available for their guests. They also had ping pong tables, corn hole, and life size connect four/jenga. The bartenders were super nice and quick which added to the whole experience!
5	This beer garden is a gem in Charlotte's bar scene. It makes a great destination for a large group of friends to enjoy a night out as well as one or two people who would like to sit at the bar and chat... While enjoying the unique ice rail to keep your drink chilled. To start off, the beer selection is quite impressive. The beers are grouped by type so it makes it easy if you want to find a new IPA or Stout. They also have three sizes you can order - a small pint through large German beer mug size. Their food is quite delicious. From something to munch or a full fledged meal you can find something tasty. I recommend the sweet potato fries. They come w a delicious honey mustard sauce. Activities galore!  There are connect four games, giant chess, corn hole and in the summer volleyball too. The place is dog friendly which is much appreciated for us dog owners. All in all it's a great destination for a good time. Enjoy!
4	I have been here multiple times for multiple different occasions and I've never been let down.  I have hosted corporate party's here for both underage and of age people and had nothing but the best service. Long tables with ample seating. Great beer selection.  Been here for many different private party's which have also been a lot of fun.  Parking is rough in the tiny lot near VBGB but there is also ample parking in the lot across the street.There is volleyball nets, so its a lot of fun to go and watch games in the summer with a beer.  They also have a variety of games to play with a large group and make nights a little more fun!
5	This place is amazing. Great beer selectionRight next to the Fillmore Best pretzel I've ever had in my life Life sized connect 4 Candy landI think that sums it up :)
