3	So the name is like naming a place The Pizza or The Burger or The Taco. That said, The Sushi wins big points for the taste, but not for the portions or the price.Inside is nice and cozy, with a basketball-arena style four-screen TV in the middle.If price and portions were no object, this would be a five-star sushi bar as the care and taste of the sushi and sashimi can't be beat. The problem is the pricing is above many other sushi bars in the area. And the portions - especially when it comes to the teriyaki dishes - are more set for hamsters than people. The staff was cordial and offered hot tea or water to this guest waiting for a to-go order. All in all, a slight recommendation if price is no object and you're not THAT hungry.
2	As to the name of the place, I saw the sign being "The Sushi House" when it was under construction and when it opened, it was "The Sushi". To me it seems like they saved money on signage and left out the word "house". Weird.What really got me excited was the fact that it's really close to where I live and the fact that one of our favorite sushi places (Sushi Club) had just gone out of business, so this could have been our place for sushi.We had dinner there and were impressed with the atmosphere and decor. Very well done. The menu is impressive with plenty of choices. I too found the prices to be out of line for the location. Sushi was ok and I honestly can't remember anything we ate. It was good, but not good enough for us to return, sad to say.I can't emphasize this enough, but restaurants always needs to have their "A" game on so that the customer will keep coming back. I rarely go back to a place to see if they've gotten better. Oh well.
3	So I'm new to sushi this year, but I've now sampled from about 6 different restaurants in the Henderson, Las vegas area.  True, The Sushi is a good 10-15% more expensive then all the other places Ive been to (hence 4 stars instead of 5)  but its really good!  Check out the Davo, its a spicy roll with tuna, salmon, yellow tail , avocado and I think shrimp.  The hot factor comes from the minute shavings of jalapeno's on top mixed with some other stuff... not sure what... anyway I digress.  The staff is very friendly, the sushi chefs take care in preparing their dishes, they always look attractive , fresh and well made.
3	Definetly not a take out resturant...... Staff seemed confused when taking my order.... I also believe that they forgot to input my order.... 35 minutes sure is a long time..... However, they did offer me water or tea while i waited..... They also took 20% off the bill for their mistake....  Pleasently surprised with the interior of the resturant.... it has a nice cozy vibe to it.... very intimate.  Food was good.......will go back for a sit down meal.
1	Overpriced.. Less quality fish than it's price..small portion..Do Not waste your money and time to drive far to Henderson.
4	I gave a gift certificat to The Sushi to a friend and he loved it.  He was raving about how good the food is.FYI - restaurant.com has $25 gift certificates for $10 and if you get them on sale for only $2.
3	The rice was undercooked. It's sad, so sad, too, because their rolls were a little bit more creative and unique than other places that simply mimic I Love Sushi. I'll have to go back because maybe the crunchy rice was a fluke but, still, it's been a long time since a sushi restaurant served me bad rice.I suggest the Playboy, which you can see in my photos. It has spicy tempura shrimp on the inside with a little yum, yum sauce, salmon and avocado on the outside.The spicy roll also shown in one of my photos was really tasty, if it weren't for the texture of the rice.The cherry blossom tree painted on the back wall is really cool. Service was pretty good, not great. I'll return to The Sushi because their sauces and rolls had good flavor. The rice problem should be short lived.
5	By far the best sushi in Vegas....Everything as fresh as it gets...Everything here has a wow factor!  I have lived here in Vegas 14 years and this is the best Ive had.  Still trying to find one better! Have taken a few people here and they have agreed with me so far.
4	If you sit at the bar you seem to get taken care of better.  The tables seem to be less personalable.
2	Rice was too dry, service was slow at best and for what we got the price was way to high. The decor was nice though but I can get better sushi from albertsons for a fraction of the cost.
1	I don't know where to start with this place...when it opened we were super excited like everyone else because there are NO restaurants in this area of Henderson...so the first month it opened we just had to go...Service was sooooo bad I almost walked out...and I am a server so if MY patience had worn thin, imagine other diners...we wound up staying and wound up having an annoying night out and an underwhelming food experience...I vowed to NEVER go back....then I got a gift certificate as a gift for The Sushi....so I thought ok I'll give them another go....it was their first month open when I had visited last...maybe things were better...NOT THE CASE......the food was still just average...overpriced for sure....and the service was unbearably awful....my husband suggested we pay and leave...he was super irritated and it takes a lot to irritate him...as we were leaving the owner stops us to ask about our dinner....REALLY?! So I let her have it...and you know what she has the audacity to say to me? Oh...the service is only bad from 6-9...come back at 10 p.m. next time...no apology nothing...and why would you think I'd ever come back again....let alone at what time you tell me to come?! So very annoying...don't waste your time...or money...go to I Love Sushi on Eastern or Yummy Sushi on Marks Street..better food, prices, and service...this place is a joke...they know nothing about running a restaurant or any sort of business for that matter...
3	This place opened up in recent years, not too far from my house. I didn't get a chance to try it until a few weeks ago, but I am glad I finally got a chance to do so.Essentially, this place has 2 dining options - a sushi bar, or you can sit at "normal" tables and order food that way. I have sat at the "normal" tables during my visits, and from what I have seen the staff tend to be more attentive at the sushi bar. Granted, this isn't to be unexpected, given what the restaurant proudly proclaims in its name.The service tends to be a bit hit and miss. Sometimes I went for long periods of time with no one coming to check on me, and sometimes they did tend to get orders confused - last time I dined in there, the busboy put a lemon in my water even though I distinctly told him not to. Still, everyone is friendly, so they've got that going for them.The food itself that I have had there so far is good. I have mostly had chicken dishes, which have been quite tasty. If you've ever gone into one of the many teppanyaki restaurants in Vegas and eaten in their "normal" seats and not the cook tables, the food you can order here is pretty similar to that. So far I have tried the Chicken Teriyaki and the Chicken Katsu (hope I spelled that right), and both were very good. My big complaint with the food is that they cover the plate in garnish (onions, peppers, lettuce, etc.), and not enough of it with the actual food item. When I come into a Japanese restaurant and am actually able to FINISH my food, that's a telltale sign that the entree servings are too small. Still, what little I ate was quite tasty.Their menu is quite large and diverse - more so than I would have expected from a little "hole in the wall" place like this (and it's nicer in here than it looks from the outside!) Regardless of tastes I think you'll find something here you'll enjoy.And the quality of choices on the menu expands onto their dessert menu. They've got the traditional Japanese restaurant choices (mochi ice cream and the like) plus a variety of other unexpected things. This place isn't perfect, but it's still a nice addition to the neighborhood, and their food is quite good. It would be great to have them add in teppanyaki-style dining in the future, but until then, this will have to do - and that's all right with me. Long story short, if you live in the "old Henderson" area, it's worth checking out, but don't drive halfway across town to eat here.
5	Let me start off by saying that my favorite sushi place in Henderson is Osaka's but since this place is closer I go there often. I really enjoy the rolls and their service has always been perfect. The food is always super fresh & delicious.
4	I just went here tonight with the gf (Sunday at 7).We were able to be seated right away and it seemed somewhat slow with only 2 other groups there (though a few more came in as we ate).I wish I could find an online menu of theirs so that I could list the items that I had, but they were all quite delicious and fresh.I'm not sure why people are complaining about the size of the roll for the price, but they seem fairly standard $8-14 a roll with the more expensive ones generally being larger.  All rolls were a standard 8 pieces.The waiter was quite nice, they had a lot of unique rolls and other items.Also, giving a restaurant a lower rating because it's far away is stupid.Anyway, the wait staff were able to take care of us just fine, though I could see that if there was a sudden rush that the service may have gone done.The atmosphere seemed pretty standard for most sushi places with what sounded like the endings to various anime songs playing (I'm exaggerating).Overall the food was quite tasty, appropriately priced, and we will definitely come here again.
1	This sushi restaurant is sub par.  The rice in the sushi is not fresh.  I recommend sushi loca or sushi fever.
5	This place is great! I went there for dinner with my mom. The service was fantastic. The miso soup was a great appetizer. We ordered the Dragon, the Pearl, & the Snow Covered tuna. Each was DELICIOUS!!! The pearl was our favorite. We could have ordered a few of those & been content. The dessert was to die for. We ordered the mango sherbet covered in white chocolate! OMG!! I that the price was not asking too much. A lot of reviews complained of the price but I say it was worth it. I will DEFINITELY be returning there.
4	Really great sushi. Tastes like my ex-girlfriend a fave.
4	Sushi people! My second luv after pizza. Now this place is alright with me, its in a Minnie strip mall very unassuming,however , there sushi is very well prepared and the flavors are excellent. They have funny name for there rolls for example my favorite is I love my ass its topped with super white tuna and filled with an excellent Japanese salsa. Yum! If your in the area and  want sushi this place will satisfy your sushi hunger. It's also normally priced none all u can eat sushi place definitely two thumbs up for food. Service was a little suspect, but I mainly am a food jugde people! Happy eats my Yelpers!
5	Very nice inside decor.  Staff was friendly and the sushi roll called "Tastes Like My Ex-Girlfriend" was an explosion of flavor in my mouth...spicy, cool, crunch - delicious.
4	I decided to give this place a shot because I was craving sushi and too lazy to drive to I love sushi. Boy was I happily surprised. The quality of the fish was wonderful. The roll choices were all creative. I will be back for sure.
4	This might the sushi sleeper in Henderson.  I met a coworker for lunch here since it is near work, at her suggestion.  They have lunch specials, plenty of cooked options, and sushi.For my first time here, I figured the lunch special is a pretty good deal. $12.50 for 6 pieces of sushi or sashimi, 1 roll from a list, and miso soup plus salad.  There were also lunch bentos (pick 2 from a list) but all were cooked options.I opted for sushi, so I could try the rice.  After the soup and salad, I was presented with a very simple but beautiful plate...with generous cuts of nigiri and the roll.  I received 2 pieces each of maguro (very deep red, beautiful), nama sake, and hamachi.  They were arranged in a colorful pattern.  I also got the spicy yellowtail roll as my roll choice.I was surprised honestly - the quality was definitely decent for our landlocked region and the rice was good.  I also got a green iced tea, which was served in a large glass, limiting any need for a refill.  Our server was very nice and quick.  We were in and out in under 35 minutes!  It is quiet inside and there is a cherry blossom painted on the back wall.  The ambiance is nice.  This is a definitely a good lunch spot on this side of town.
4	Not a daring sushi eater.  I only eat cooked stuff but this place has some really good cooked rolls.  According to my person, they have really good tuna selections.
4	I won't go on and on about how this may be the best sushi place in town, cause let's face it, who has tried them all? If you are thinking to yourself that you have, you're a sushi-loving liar. A new one opens almost nightly!! This place is definitely high quality food. Super nice staff, fast service and a variety of seating options if you're with a big group or a loner that just had to kill that raw fish craving. My 2 favorite things about this place are the variety and the price. Most places that do all you can eat (this place does not) price their rolls so high they force you into getting it. The Sushi has reasonably priced rolls, where you can leave super full and still feel like you didn't get robbed because you didn't get it all for $27. I think we have even eaten more food here and paid less than when at their competitors. The variety is awesome. If you like some cooked fish mixed with a bit of raw, all raw, all cooked, they've got you covered. The sushi special is great, so is the candy cane and the put your hands up. Oh and when they warn about the spice it's not a joke. Great, now I'm in the mood for sushi.
4	Very good experience with fresh fish and friendly employees.  Found this establishment via a locals recommendation.  It hit my happy spot.
5	who's your daddy?!...     Love love!... the sushiTried every where else, nothing comes close to this place....Food is awesome!...
5	seriously, the BEST sushi ever!!!!!!!! i'm asian n i grew up in cali and this is BY FAR the best sushi ever!!!! :)
5	love the sushi! my co-worker recommended this place and the ambiance is nice, the names of the sushi are funny and awesome! appetizer: screaming o: delicious and has a bit of spicyness to it.                         tuna collar: delicious and my fav so far!! dinner: udon soup was fabulous, full of flavor and different meats and veggies.great customer service!!!
5	The Sushi is the bomb!! Their sushi rolls are fresh and extremely yummy!! Gotta mention their sushi name is one of the kind. Kiss of fire, taste like my ex girlfriend, don't touch her mustache and way more creative names. Their services are two thumbs up!! I don't think you could found a better sushi place in Henderson area!!
4	This place is tucked away in the corner and not visible from the main street on Horizon Ridge. I forgot there was a restaurant here till I had a random convo with some guy at the grocery store who recommended it.The minute I stepped foot inside I said to myself  "Ooo..I think I love this place already!"  The decor modern chic, clean and simple, earth tone colors, pretty cherry blossom mural at the back wall, lush green bamboo plants that lined the entryway gave the place a certain calmness. It simply won me over in the ambiance department. Came right before the dinner hours so it wasn't too busy at all. Just a few patrons at the sushi bar and 3 other families in dining area that surrounded the sushi bar.  My server was the one who greeted and seated me.  He was fantastic throughout the whole time, real pleasant as were the rest of the staff who either refilled my drinks or served my meal.  Had the Shrimp & Veggie Tempura and Yakitori Shrimp for my appys, Beef Teriyaki w/Miso Soup for my entree and Exotic Bomba Sorbet for dessert. The shrimp and veggies were lightly battered and decent size, Shrimp Yakitori was fresh and I like the asparagus with it, my entree, the sliced beef was a little tough and chewy, the teriyaki sauce was good, NOT the runny thin marinate kind, it was thicker so the flavors were more intense and sweet tasting.  I give my entree a "B+".  My dessert was the bomb!!  Exotic Bomba found here! It's a sorbet with mango,passion fruit and raspberry sorbet  in the middle, and covered by white chocolate. Decadent and refreshing at the same time.  The Sushi definitely has the WOW factor so far. I look forward to many more visits and trying out more dishes!
2	I don't plan on coming back as they don't have AYCE option, yet their sushi is very much AYCE quality. I can understand places like Miko's not having AYCE because their menu is extensive and fish consistently fresh. The nigiri at this place was just mush, the rolls we had kept falling apart and the prices were on the higher side.When we first walked in, the restaurant was empty. I noticed the decor was very lovely and modern and I had high hopes that we had found a nice go to sushi joint near the house. As we are sitting down, my butt has not even touched the seat, much less looked at the drink menu the server asks what would we like to drink. "Uhhh...guess I'll start with water " is all I could say. I then ask if they have AYCE..she almost scoffs and says no. I think to myself, either this will be some bomb ass sushi or this woman is a delusional witch. It turned out to be the latter. As we are looking through the menu in the span of FIVE minutes she comes by at least 3 times asking if we had decided, increasingly annoyed each time. NO PRESSURE. Eventually we opt for baked mussels (pretty good), nigiri sampler (eight pcs of mushy old fish for $19.99)..oh that comes with a miso soup which I imagine salty bath water would taste like. Ex girlfriend roll ($14.95 and fell apart) and Tiger roll ($12.95..confusing... 5 of the 8 pcs had salmon on top, one pc had half salmon half nothing and the remaining two had "white tuna"). It took forever to get our last roll.... we were checked on once where a different server asked if I'd like my water refilled. At least we got the check and got out of there as quickly as possible. $60 down the drain. I think this place gets rave reviews because a) this is hendertucky and b)there are no other sushi joints in the vicinity. Poor service, poor quality of fish, no AYCE, and stupid prices.
5	The staff is absolutely friendly. It's like home!!! The fish is very fresh and they can make anything you want. The selection of sake is pretty big, the price are not bad and you don't have to wait forever to get your food. I highly recommend.
2	I would suggest you don't dine at dinner time on friday or saturday, two sushi chefs is not enough when it's busy. There was a boxing match on TV and we ordered before the first round started and didn't get our first item until the 8th round! I could see people waiting at the other tables and the diners at the sushi bar hardly every got served. The sushi is good, but the long wait time took away from the experience. Really the parking lot was nearly full when we arrived, but you need more help so that people get their sushi without waiting for such a looong time. I ordered the Lake Mead as suggested, but for the price ($12) it was really disappointing. Also prepare the wasabi fresh, it wasn't as powerful as it should be and don't be so stingy on the ginger.
4	Oh, The Sushi, why do you not AYCE it?You are so close to where I live and I love sushi so much! But paying $10+ for a roll is not going to happen, especially since I will have to limit myself (well....more like my pocketbook will limit me).  I want to eat all the Yellowtail until my little heart is content, but at $4.50 per nigiri double , I would just have to settle for one order of yellowtail this time.But on a serious note, the sushi really is good, I had a screaming O, yellow tail nigiri, and some other roll that cost $13.50 (OUCH)  but I do not see a point to go to a restaurant that does not have AYCE....fatties unite!!!!!The decor was beautiful and the service was on point. But please, consider AYCE'ing it up and I'll be there more often. Come to think of it, there are no other AYCE sushi restaurants in the area....maybe it can be you?!?! *nudge nudge*
4	OK, so I discovered this place last week when a close friend recommended it to me.  Small restuarant, but big on taste.  I went on a slow night, so service was relatively quick.   Our server was very good, and made awesome suggestions based on what I told him I liked, right down to the texture of food I was looking for.I don't think the food was expensive at all, comparable to most places off the strip.  This is a casual place, so don't go Sunday best.   Nice atmostphere considering you're in Henderson.  Did I just say that?   I believe I did.
4	It is what it is.  A decently priced, decently performing sushi restaurant in a part of town that sushi places aren't seen it.  It's a stones throw away from most of my friends, so it ends up making a perfect place to eat on nights when AYCE seems too much, and other sushi joints seem too far.The service is friendly.  I generally order a tiger roll, some miso, and a nigiri or too.  I just stop in for a small meal, and I always seem to leave satisfied.  Lastly, and perhaps most importantly for a sushi place, their fish is fresh.You won't find all you can eat on the menu, but you will find great sushi at a decent price in the middle of upper Henderson.
5	I crave this place all the time. I've been to other sushi places around the valley and this is my favorite by far. The Megabucks is my Fav. You can't go wrong here. Nice first date spot if you plan an evening date. Cozy, comfortable atmosphere and knowledgeable very nice waitstaff. Go..now!
5	Wow. After our 2nd time eating at The Sushi this evening, our tastebuds were blown away..again. Tonight, we sat at the Sushi Bar, and ordered a DELICIOUS Grand Canyon Roll...man was that good. Get it. You wont regret it ;) Our waiter was nice and polite, although he did ask us as soon as we sat down what we wanted to drink...we had not even had a chance to glance at the menu. Overall great place. I would recommend it to a friend. The rolls were very well worth the average $7-$13 per roll price.
5	Good atmosphere, good miso soup. Great sushi, loved the spicy tuna!
5	Awesome Sushi place. Just as good as ILoveSushi.
1	We came here for lunch and though service was great, food was not.Both Earl and I got the sashimi lunch special which comes with 6 slices of assorted sashimi, a choice of spicy salmon, yellowtail, or tuna roll, soup and salad ($12.95 each)-The 6 slices of sashimi: thinly sliced and poorly cut.  Doesn't even look and taste like sashimi grade.-Earl got the spicy salmon and I got the spicy yellowtail roll.  Both rolls taste the same, except for the rice that covered the rolls.  Why? Because the rice that covered the spicy salmon tasted SPOILED!  It was Earl's pick so he didn't want to escalate the issue.  I would have.-Soup: standard miso soup-Salad: at least there were no wilted iceberg lettuce.Needless to say, I won't be returning.
4	The food was very fresh. The staff was gracious. Our waiter was genuine and did his job well. Only complaint was the sushi was a tad skimpy and a discount for my check in would have been nice. But not all restaurants do it anyway. However, that would have been a bonus for me.
4	GOOD Service Nice location. Chefs will make you whatever u want. Even "surprise me" works. If it wasn't so expensive, I would go more. But Sushi's NOT cheap. An ALL YOU CAN EAT for $25 WOULD BE NICE.  I will return regardless.
3	So happy to have an awesome little sushi restaurant so close to home!  This place is very cozy and decorated nicely.  I love how some of the tables are sectioned off and it feels like you have your own little room.  The Screaming O is AWESOME!  I get mine without the mayo (Yuck).  I've tried a few of their rolls and they are pretty good too.  The serving staff is nice and makes you feel comfortable as well.Although, I am a fan of the food, I must admit that I'm not a fan of some the roll's names.  The place looks a little upscale but then you open the menu you find some pretty gutter worthy names.  (Taste Like My Ex-Girlfriend, Something A**, and more)  Really?!  I would expect these poor taste names in a college dive bar but not in a neighborhood sushi restaurant in a family area.  The first time I ate here I had my 13 year old daughter and one of her friends with me and was very disappointed by the NC-17 sushi names.  I wish I had known before the kids were given menus!If it weren't for the trashy names of some of their rolls, I would have given this place 4 stars and a half stars, only because they are a little pricey and don't offer AYCE.  It really is a great little place that seems to be having identity issues...
5	The Sushi offers a great balance between classic and innovative options. My husband is really big on sushi, and says hands down theirs is the best he's had. I usually get the teriyaki, which is light and not at all greasy or overly salty. Service is excellent and we love the cozy ambiance. :)I'm not usually a dessert person, but the tempura cheesecake is amazing! A must order. As far as the AYCE option, it's not too close but they have another location is Summerlin that overs AYCE.
5	This is one of the better sushi places in Henderson. Their cucumber salad is really good. I seriously recommend the garlic tuna sashimi.
5	I have been here several times and I have not had a roll that I didn't love.  I've tried most places for sushi in Henderson, and this is the best one I've found.  I recommend the Pearl Special Roll and the Playboy Roll.  Both are fantastic.  I seriously can't think of one negative about this place, I am making it my regular sushi place.
2	The sushi here was very heavy. I am a fan of sushi that is fresh tasting, light, and bright. This sushi seemed like it was all deep fried, and no I didn't order tempura. The presentation was also a bit drab and unappealing. I will not go back. Not the worst, but not worth the price.
4	Sushi here is pretty good. The ambiance in the restaint is pretty nice for being right next to a gas station, you wouldn't expect it. The only thing I have to complain about is I went in to get some take out, and there was like one other customer in the restraunt and it took like 15 minutes for me to get my sushi. I ordered very simple rolls. So it was a little irritating it took so long. Other than that I would go back.
5	This place is by my house and I have went three times by myself and sat at the sushi bar.  I like it.  The sushi is good, I ordered a screaming o today and a soft shell crab roll.  The screaming o was yummy, the roll was spicy but that was noted in the menu.  The service is always great too.  I really like this place
5	Great sushi and great service, been there 5 times :)  Miso clam soup, the rolly katsu and the spicy edamame go good with the sushi.
5	This place is the best!!  If you haven't been here you need to go at least once, and then you'll be hooked!  The pearl special is my favorite!  Best sushi in henderson ;).
4	On an impromptu dinner, a coworker and I decided to try somewhere close to our houses. I'm always in the right mood for sushi, so I thought this place was going to work out just right. I'm glad we chose it, because I had a great time!The intersection this restaurant sits on is a busy one for the area. It's filled with grocery stores, shops, restaurants, gas stations and bars. Definitely a lively area for Henderson. When you walk in, you'll notice a very modern place. After the hostess station there are separated date night rooms to the right and another dining area to the left.  The big focal point in this restaurant is the sushi bar, taking up almost half the restaurant. Business signs, flat screen tvs and exposed ceiling air ducts bring out the modern look for sure. Along with the wall dividers and the sushi bar, bamboo plants are used to break out the room into smaller intimate dining areas. Our servers were really nice. They were accommodating and very attentive when they were around. At times, it was hard to flag one down as they would congregate on the far side of the restaurant, away from the guests. Also, there's a "head honcho" lady that works the hostess station.  I say head honco because she certainly acted like it. She walked around eating, speaking loudly, kind of a turn off. If she was meaning to let everyone know that she was the boss, she certainly did that with no shame. For starters, I got the White Truck pinot grigio wine for $7 a glass. It was light, crisp with a sweet ending. Super refreshing for my meal. For my starter, I got the Hamachi/Yellowtail collar for $8.95. I can't get enough of this stuff! Grilled yellowtail served with a ponzu sauce. Super flaky and marbleized. Grilled to perfection. One only piece of feedback: it came after my actual meal came. Speaking of, I decided on the chicken katsu for $12.50. Breaded chicken, deep fried and served with katsu (ketchup based) dipping sauce. The meal was served with miso soup and salad. The plate came with a scoop of rice and grilled veggies. I thought the chicken was light, the breading wasn't too heavy and super crispy. The sauce was a little to dark and strong from my "kastu" taste. Seemed to have a lot of Worcestershire sauce or similar. The veggies were sauteed in soy sauce and a little too salty but at least brought another element to the fried dish. All in all, I'd say it was pretty flavorful!I'm so glad to have discovered another sushi restaurant close to home! Sushi is something I can eat again and again. Although I had no sushi on this night, I really enjoyed myself and the company. If you're ever in the area and looking for a place to welcome you and your company, stop by The Sushi. It's a surprisingly great treat!
5	Excellent & fast service, every plate was delicious and quite affordable. Nice atmosphere and peaceful music. Chef was also positive & very friendly. I will return many times!
4	Love their rolls. Pearl and put your hands up are great.  Wish they had all you can eat but ala carte if worth it here.
4	Awesome local sushi spot. The inside is clean and the staff friendly. I love the names of their rolls and the Saki selection is decent. I had the #33 - Taste like my ex-girlfriend. I totally recommend it. My only complaint is the house salad dressing is sesame, while I prefer a ginger dress on my veggies.
3	I actually really liked The Sushi until lately as they took the crab out of their welcome salad and the servers have tried to upsell every chance they get. If you do go, the Pearl Special, Alaska Roll, I love Your Ass and 007 roles are the best. We usually sit up at the counter so we can watch the sushi chef in action. They are open seven days a week and are located right off the horizon ridge parkway entrance.
4	Since my daughters favorite food is sushi, this place has become a regular place for us. We've been coming here for a couple years now and love it. The staff is nice, and the food is good! The specials are almost always a welcome surprise! We can always count on getting a quick bite no matter what time.
3	Updated review is in order, so here goes. They are a refreshing sushi spot in Henderson, kind of on the outskirts off the 95 south and horizon ridge.The sushi quality is excellent, the customer service is decent, not super great, but ok. I say this because we come in as a party of 4, not really busy since it's kind of a early dinner at 6:30PM.You get the traditional "mushy mushy" or whatever it is they say when patrons arrive in the majority of sushi restaurants. Then the lady behind the desk and the single waitress continue with their conversation and leave us standing around until they finish whatever it is they are discussing, like come on seat the people first, then finish up whatever they are talking about. -1There is no all you can eat here and with just the 2 sushi men behind the bar, it just will not work. My previous review explains the situation when they are busy, but even our latest visit with just a few on the sushi bar and just our party of 4 on a table occupying the entire restaurant they still have a problem with timing. Here is the second and probably the biggest second -1 for their Yelp rating.We order our drinks, look at the menu and order our food choices.10 minutes later...1. My wife gets here sushi roll.2, 5 minutes later I get my sushi roll.3. 3 minutes later my Mom gets her roll.4. 5 more minutes later, my Dad gets his roll.The rolls are nice and well made tastes great and not too much sauce to destroy the sushi flavors, but the timing is just way off. Diner 1 gets served and then diner 4 gets served nearly 20 minutes later?Sure if they are busy it's understandable, but the busy meter read on the low side, almost a 1 or 2 on the busy scale. I am sure they would be in the weeds if they place gets busy and often they are as it was on our last visit one weekend. Good food, ok service, but the timing is really poor and can be an issue. The restaurant is a decent size and surely they have been doing well for quite sometime now, but maybe take a little hit on the payroll and get a third guy behind the counter and take care of business the proper way so patrons don't have to watch others in their party eat for a long time until they finally get their order.We would come back way more often if they would correct this flaw in their customer service. HIre another sushi chef, maybe offer "all you can eat"? They have the quality and technique down, just kick it up a notch.
5	This is for the yelp sushi lovers I am from mi and this is a great sushi dining . John treated us to fabulous diner which I was impressed with and will go back . The menu is hilarious to read the food was filling and tasty also fresh . I give it a four for my first time here .  Z
4	I tried it again and the food is still good but I have to say the servers are still on probation .  Need more training here . The third time should be a charm if not I'll go somewhere else and try again .
5	Love the chicken teriyaki here . Cute little booth set ups and love the bar set up . Husband love the beer and sushi .
4	Greated at the door , very friendly. .. seaweed salad and tempura zucchini cane promptly. Tried sarimi, sushi rolls and tempura fried cheesecake.... We enjoyed everything... Place is very clean and service came with a smile.
4	I went at lunch. It wasn't busy so had excellent ambiance. Was greeted at door. I tried the rainbow rolls and eel nigiri. Both were excellent and at a price level you would expect from a mid-line sushi restaurant. The hostess/ waitress was very attentive so I didn't feel abandoned to my own devices. Next time I'm in Vegas I shall definitely return.
5	I've been to Raw, Kaizen, Sushi on Trop, Sushi Twister, Yama Sushi and other all you can eat sushi places but for some reason this place is, hands down, one of the best sushi places that I've been to. Not to mention it's only a few minutes away from my house.The atmosphere is warm and cozy. The service is always fast and the sushi chef's are always friendly. Every time I come here, I order the dynamite. Other places can't compare to The Sushi's dynamite. Something about their baked delicious dish with white rice, scallops and mushrooms topped with their cheesy goodness and sauces is a MUST to try if you come here.
