4	I would say the Phoenix Hard Rock is pretty average as Hard Rock's go. We had a nice time and enjoyed a couple of their specialty drinks while we were there. If there is a sporting event downtown the Hard Rock is probably busier. However, most other times the downtown is a ghost town after 6. We had the place to ourself, but their wasn't much else to do in the area.
2	Sunday. 6:20pm. Downtown following another amazing Mercury victory.  Hungry.  Group includes toddler. We'd like to walk to food but it's warm so we can't walk far.  It's sad how few options actually presented themselves.  We tried Coach and Willy's first, but as of 6:10 their kitchen was closed.  So, we were led back to Hard Rock Cafe.I've been here several times after games and all for the same reasons.  It's close. We didn't feel like parking again. The food is ok.  Think Apple-bee's for a few bucks more.  But service unfortunately has been a regular issue.One of the last times we were there we advised our server that we needed to be out the door in 45 minutes.  We asked what food we could order to ensure that it would be fast.  To his credit he checked in the kitchen.  After immediately ordering a sandwich and salad, the food arrived 5 minutes before we were supposed to walk out the door with no apology (and a server who hid from us for most of that time). We were 15 minutes late leaving just trying to get to-go containers and our bill.  This time - our service was actually wonderful.  Our server was great.  Happy, conversational, refilled drinks much more than usual though the place was quite busy with post-game activity.  The problem came when she had to leave to move her car. You see, with D-Back and Merc games, parking was expensive and full so she had to park several blocks away where the gate closed promptly at 8pm, which we totally understood.  And even though we all saw her handing us off to the manager after handing us the check (she pointed to our table several times) no one came to our table.  Well, after flagging down a hostess, a bus boy and another server who all said they would look for the manager, and we did see them scurrying around looking for the manager, it took 25 minutes to find her and have her walk over to the table.  That's 25 extra minutes with a toddler who was getting tired. How much did we love that? Finally, as our waitress walked back into the building 30 minutes after she left, we were finally paying our bill and leaving the table.  She was so apologetic.   She was wonderful.  The fact that we heard from several folks there that waiting 20 minutes to FIND the manager was not out of the norm was scary. They have such an amazing location in the heart of the action after events.  Their food is decent enough that I'd be willing to grab something there again purely for convenience if only I knew what to expect when it came to the service.  But unfortunately - I can't.
2	Hard Rock Cafe is a cool place to go if you're in the area and want to kill time before a concert or a game, but destination bar it's not. The food is average and the drinks aren't anything out of the ordinary. Infact, there's nothing really unique about the Hard Rock aside from the fact that they jacked up the prices because you're dining and/or drinking at the HARD ROCK CAFE. I'm disappointed that it doesn't compare to others around the world and seems out of place in Phoenix. A Hard Rock Scottsdale would be way cooler.
3	I had lunch there today. It was alright. A friend of mine is always going there for drinks, since night life isn't really my thing, I thought a nice lunch would be more my pace.We went and the server was good. Except towards the end, she started hitting on my friend! I was like, "HELLO!! I'M RIGHT HERE!" She still persisted and he just smiled and wouldn't give up a bigger tip. After we ate, who I assumed was the manager, came up to our table and asked if everything was going well. We smiled and said yes. The decor was alright, everything you'd think of when you think Hard Rock. But nothing really stood out to me. It was like applebee's with more expensive wall art. The menu looked good, especially the drinks. I didn't try any of them. But they did sound good. Over all, it was alright. But $30 for a couple of sandwiches and sodas?!?! I don't know about that! And even then, I barely got a handful of fries!! It so wasn't worth it! It's a wonderful location and it is clean. That's a big deal to me! I'd go back, but I don't think I'd go before a game! I can see it getting really crowded really fast!
3	Hard Rock Cafe is one of those places where if you've been to one, you've basically been to them all.  I've visited better Hard Rocks as far as the famous trinkets go, but the service was better in Phoenix.  Tips:- Parking for this HRC leaves much to be desired.- Across the street from the arena where Phoenix Suns play, so good to catch some grub before a game, concert or other event at the arena.
4	There's an Autograph wall in the bar at this particular Hard Rock Cafe. For some reason, the only band I remember seeing was Sugar Ray. Wow. Go Phoenix! Way to bring in the big boys!Really though, it's a typical Hard Rock. The beer selection was fine, the tables were sturdy, and all the Rock n Roll memorabilia hanging from the walls were able to bring in the post-game crowd. It also shielded us from the crazy summer storm that was building up outside. Hallelujah.
3	Im in Phoenix for work and like to try local places, but gave in on my walk as I past the Hard Rock Cafe. It was around lunch time, 11ish and I decided to eat. It was pretty empty and a typical hard rock, but the selection was ok. I was craving a burger and got their burger. The night before, I was craving mac and cheese and when i saw it on the menu, I was so happy. I ordered a side. My server was great btw. The burger was ok, nothing special. It wasnt very juicy, and they didnt provide much more than a piece of lettuce tomato and mustard and ketchup. Overall pretty boring and non-cravable. The mac and cheese, however was great. It had red pepers with a little kick. It was a chain, been to one, you know what to expect.
4	We spent less than 2 full days in Phoenix, but when we discovered that there's a HRC here, we made it a point to go there for dinner.  We were blown away by the service--very courteous, friendly and fast.  Food was typical, & it really didn't matter because we were famished & everything tasted good.  Very impressed with this city.  Hope for a longer visit in the distant future.
2	I ate here a while back and walked away full. We had overpriced salads and hamburgers that were large and filling and tasted decent. This place is great for tourists staying downtown or going to an event, but there are so many better, local places you could choose from. The martinis were $15 but you got to keep the glass, and they were not strong. The service was good, but all in all this is just another chain that charges high prices for low quality food. do yourself a favor and go someplace else.
2	I've eaten here several times over the last couple of years for business lunches.   While the service is usually OK, the food has always been mediocre.    Today was the worst, though.  A friend and I ordered a glass of Glenlivet, neat (no rocks).   They served us something that was so watered-down it was unrecognizable.  The servers insisted there was no water added, and then the manager got involved and said the same thing.  Their arguments were insulting--the stuff was probably 50% water, no question about it.   Luckily all the lunches I've had at this place have been paid-for by someone else.  I wouldn't give a dime to this place when they rip you off with watered-down drinks and so-so food.
2	There's only one reason to go to a HRC - the decor.  There is no reason to go to the PHX HRC.We stopped by during All-Star game festivities to grab a drink and check out the memorabilia.  The service at the bar was meh, but the place was packed. I didn't have the food but one can assume that its like all HRC - a little better than Applebees at twice the price.  I was once at a HRC (Memphis?  Vegas?  Can't remember) where they had John Lennon's original hand written lyrics to Help!  I sat and stared for a good five minutes, contemplating the history of the thing, and what could have struck him to write those words down in that order.  I didn't mind my overpriced drink that visit.  Unfortunately I walked around the PHX HRC and thought 'They bothered to hang that up?'.  This location could use some Help! in more ways than one.
3	Hard Rock is just okay.  I have actually been to many many Hard Rocks, but not always to eat.  Usually we are only going to get a guitar pin from the different cities we visit because we know the food isn't that good.  The food is never bad, it's just never that good.Almost ever single time we go here, which I swear is too often, I order the Twisted Mac and Cheese.  I get this for two reasons.  One, I love mac and cheese, and two, I love cavatappi pasta.  HR's version of the classic cheesy pasta is a mildly spiced cheese sauce that lightly coats the curly pasta.  Don't expect to have a thick and creamy mac and cheese here.  You won't be getting that.  The pasta is then topped with the expected dry piece of blackened chicken.  Why expected?  It's expected because I have literally been to HR's all over the country, on both coasts, and every single one serves dry chicken.  I guess that's what they teach at the HR School of Cooking.  I guess they just put more focus on music than food.  Who knows.Why I gave HR three stars I will never know.  Why I keep going back is certainly beyond my capacity to understand.  Maybe they put crack in the mac.  That would explain why I order it time and time again.  If you haven't been, I suggest going just once.  It's fun to compare all the different HR's.
2	I'm a fan of Hard Rock Cafes.  I don't really know why.  I collect guitar pins from them and have been to 30 or so in my life.  I don't always eat there, but I always go in and check it out.  The Phoenix one is one of the worst I've been to.The old HRC on Camelback had a bit of personality.  I hated the location, but I loved how wide open it was.  Reminded me of the Honolulu one.  When they moved into downtown, I was excited to see them helping move downtown into the big time.  The location is great and it is a good place to grab a bite before a game.  The food is standard.  Never great, never bad.  Just across the board decent.My problems with this HRC start with the layout.  The circular design is really bad for traffic flow, seating, wait staff movement, and sound.  This HRC lacks a true performance space which is terribly lame.  The bar is off to the side instead of being in the middle like almost every other HRC.  The shop is way too small and the merchandise is pretty lame.  This HRC is always so loud that it is impossible to have a conversation with your group.  The other problem I have with this HRC stems from an incident where my wife and I went before a game.  She left her hat on the seat when we left and we remembered about 100 yards down the road.  Turned around, went back in, and told the hostess.  She said she would check and then she came back and said they didn't find anything.  I argued with her because we had JUST LEFT and finally went back to our table where it was still sitting in the bench.  Way to go idiot.
3	My coworkers and I wanted to eat before we went to the airport (as opposed to eating airport food - bleh!). Someone suggested this place, so we went for it. Appetizers: Jumbo Combo - Get it. It was pretty good as far as appetizer combos go. Spring Rolls (my fave), Chicken Wings, Onion Rings, Potato Skins and Chicken Tenders. Plenty of dipping sauces. Main Course: California Chicken Club Sandwich - wasn't bad! I don't remember finishing it, so I guess it was just OK. Drinks: I can't remember the drink. Possibly lemonade. However, the server gave me the option to upgrade with a souvenir HRC logo tall glass! I went for it! Love the glass (just used it today). Service: Seemed fine until she dropped a ramekin of jalapenos behind my chair. Had jalapeno juice on my shoe, pants and jacket! She said sorry, but that kinda sucked. Bathroom: Clean. A little dark, but clean (at least the areas I could see - LOL). Atmosphere: Just like every other HRC in the U.S. Nothing new.Next time, we'll skip this chain and just ask the locals where's a good place to eat.
3	I had a great time at the Hard Rock Cafe. The food was good - I had the Red, White & Bleu Burger which had some buffalo sauce and bleu cheese on it. I ate half of it and was fine. The french fries were very good. The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled. For dessert we had the begger bag (I think that is what it was called) - you know, the hot cookie and ice cream combo. It was very good! I don't venture inside many Hard Rocks, the only other one I can recall being in was in the Bahamas, but I don't have a reason to avoid it. It is a little higher priced for a burger than other places, but you are paying for the atmosphere as well.
2	I've never been one to gravitate toward theme/chain tourist trap establishments, though, for their memorabilia and crap, I can see the allure. Buy a beer, walk around and see some dead guys' guitars. Done. At least, that's what I observed might have been cool to do when I ended up there after the Depeche Mode concert across the street @ US Airways Center (I miss BOB, it made it so much more personable, but anyway).  So, DM let out about quarter til 11, and my group all decided to go grab one @ the Hard Rock, and maybe get something to eat. When we walked up, 2 blonde waitrons were at the door, holding it open for us, saying "Just so you know we just called last call, and aren't serving food. In fact, we should already be closed." CHARMED! So, a music-themed restaurant/bar, located directly across from an arena that frequently hosts ummm, CONCERTS, wouldn't plan to capitalize on the outflow of excited music fans and perhaps stay open  and make some monayyy? OK. As a bartender, I'd have insisted that it be so. This summer sucked for the service industry, and I found it so surprising that such an establishment wouldn't have been more malleable to perhaps retain and dare I say, boost the morale of their  staff by anticipating and catering to a late crowd of people who'd rather spend $5 (ok, $5.46) as opposed to $11 @ the arena for some post-concert frosty bevs. Have a little bump in their take-home scrilla for the night, and I dunno, fun? Meh.And there were about 15 other people in there at the bar, too. The only person there who was workin it was the bartendress, though, she too, seemed like she was a bit put-out that she had a bunch of customers come in last-minute. I do give her props for salting the rim of my pint glass and pouring a DosXX for me without having the salt volcano all the beer out of the glass. Maybe it's the corporate management bs that was in the way. Maybe not. Either way, they need to get it together on the hospitality tip.
4	After being let down by Karim and his cobbler deli..My friend and I walked to Hard Rock Cafe. Service was prompt and friendly..how could it not be.. there were only 4 tables occupied. The whole reason we ventured out was for cobbler (see review on Karim's Cobbler Shop & deli for debacle)and lo and behold Hard Rock was offering Apple Cobbler. The day was not wasted. I opted for the spicy chicken mac 'n cheese and I was not disappointed.. it had a kick to it. It is rare to experience true flavor at a chain so I was extremely pleased. They could have thrown in a bit more chicken but in their defense I did order the side not the meal. But the side was plenty filling. Onto dessert. oooh the fabulous cobbler crunchies....imagine me squeal with delight. Apple wouldnt  have been my first choice but it was damn good. Revenge is mine Karim! Thank you Hard Rock for saving the day.
3	This Hard Rock was ok. That is being generous considering when I went to Phoenix it eventually became a trip from hell. Downtown Phoenix has no character and apparently the rest of the city does not have any either and that is very sad considering how big the city is. I think the only reason Hard Rock decided to put a cafe here is because the city is so big but nothing really great culturally. You don't here about the great music scene this town has so this cafe seems to stick out like a sore thumb in retiree central. Still it is nice to go something familiar and get the signature T-shirt.
1	I don't know why I keep gravitating back to this HRC location because it's always been just blah at best. Last night's dinner was no different.Went with a party of 7 and we were smart to use their Please Excuse service found on the website so that we could cut to the front of the line before the Suns game. The place was busy and our server appeared capable, but looks can be deceiving. As it turns out, service was what it usually is, slow. We had a mixture of sodas, water, beer, and mixed drinks at our table and unless we ASKED for a refill, it wasn't coming. We would have spent more on alcohol if the server seemed remotely interested in serving us.Our appetizers took FOREVER to come out. Meanwhile glasses sat empty on the table. The appetizers finally came--we ordered the sampler tray and a chicken quesadilla. It was tasty. Nothing special. The potato skins were particularly notable though as they were perfectly done and NOT greasy. Refills FINALLY came after we had to ask twice for them. Dinner comes out before the appetizer dishes were cleared and we were starting to have an excessive amount of glasses and bottles on the table that the server didn't feel necessary to remove from the table. *sigh*Most of us had burgers and they were all just basic burgers. I had the california burger and it was a big sloppy mess. Someone had the bright idea of putting the guac on the burger before the cheese. The cheese is the glue and the guac goes on the bun. As soon as I attempted to pick it up to eat, everything slid all over and I ended up having to eat it with a fork and knife. The fries were bland. And we waited again and again for refills.It's conveniently located right across the street from the Suns arena and I think this is really the last time I"m going to subject myself to this place. I've been to MANY HRC's across the globe and this one is the worst one. Can't SOMEONE put a decent place in downtown Phoenix? PLEASE!
1	I went to the Phoenix Hard Rock Cafe for lunch on a Friday. It wasn't very busy, so I figured I would sit at the bar. The two servers/bartenders were super nice and friendly. So was management that I spoke with so I have nothing negative to say about the service. It was quick and friendly. But the menu! It sucks! It is way overpriced! And nothing I had was good. For $10 I got the worst plate of nachos I have ever had! Sure it was big and plenty to share and even more to throw out, but it was awful. Glad I didn't pay another $4 for meat because it was so bad that even meat could not improve it! The beans had no flavor, the jalapeno provided the only bit of flavor to the plate. The salsa was pure trash- more live crushed tomatoes and no flavor! You would think in the SW they could at least adapt and go with a better salsa! My other pick was potato skins, I love the things. The guy next to me ordered them, $9 for a half plate of the tiny-est potatoes I think anyone could skin! I think there were 6 halves but certainly not more than 8 halves, all the size of a child's palm! I had a frozen drink called a Pickled Tink $6.75. Awful! Did not come completely mixed and barely pink. Tasted overwhelmingly of the coconut flavor. It was frozen and slushy and weak enough to feed to a kid. If I had one with me I would have let him/her have it, seriously. It was my birthday as was maybe 4 other unfortunate souls to be eating there. They gave us each a Sundae with fudge on the whip cream and a small candle. They shouted at the patrons to to shoot Happy Birthday at each of us at separate times and clap. It was pretty weak by the third attempt to get participation. It was nice of my servers to surprise and acknowledge me. Though I was not looking for any handout or commotion. I had a few bites of the sundae and it was even awful! The ice cream was full of ice crystals! So over all I will have to disagree with others and say Applebee's food is much, much better and not as expensive! To Applebee's I'll return but to the HRC, this is my last visit. Years ago I went to the Phoenix HRC when it was on Camelback, if I remember the street correctly. The building & bar was more impressive as was the decor and so was the food. I went on a birthday then too, I wonder why they moved to this location? The entry is nothing eye catching or grand as it was then. In fact if the Light Rail driver had not announced it i would not have seen it as I had not seen it on previous trips to and pass the area. Before this stop at the HRC, I had been a fan of the place for years. Had once spent many evenings at the Boston HRC when I lived in MA and had fond memories of the old Phoenix location as well. But just as the music we call Rock has deteriorated so has this conglomeration! So long fair well HRC, I withdraw my support of you.
1	Boo:(.  My red, white & blue burger was good but I must say the $14 price tag was a tad outrageous.  Not to mention the fact that there is a $3 charge for an upgrade to onion rings when each person at my table had exactly 6 onion rings on their plate!  Yes, that's right 1 burger, with 6 onion rings= $17.00.  Lame!!  This Hardrock is wack in ambiance too!  It is small and boring inside.  The music was barely audible and what I could hear was some terrible pop music that I had never heard before.  The servers must love there job though, the tab suggests a tip of 20%, exactly what you should tip on your $17 burger with 6 onion rings.  The server seemed sweet until she tried twice to upsell us an overpriced dessert.  Save your money and find somewhere else to dine.  Seriously not worth the 30 min wait and messy restroom either!
1	If chain restaurants offer us consistency in service and quality, well, I never need to darken the door of Hard Rock.  Good.  20 people walk in on a Friday night.  There is only 1 table in the WHOLE place - and the highlight of the group was the 100 year old dude wearing suspenders.  The bartender acted as if the vandal hordes had just descended on her.  Seriously, I think she thought she was done for the night.  She got pissy with our multiple orders, couldn't remember 2 drinks at a time, and generally was a pain in the ass.None of the drinks stood out as anything fancy, so we started to pack up and leave.  While waiting for my friends to settle up, I stationed myself outside the door, and did some "in person Yelping"  - basically telling everyone thinking about walking in to run.  Well, I guess a drunk girl standing outside telling you not to enter is not a good deterrent for everyone.  Out of the 5 couples that came up (Conan O'Brian's show had just ended - go Team Coco!) 2 decided to try somewhere else on my words....smart people, they will go far in life.  The other 3 doubted my wisdom, and ventured inside.  All 3 walked out before the last of my friends did - every single one of them was stunned at how the single staff member working made them feel like they were intruding (I did exit polling) and decided that there must be another place in Downtown Phoenix on a Friday night that would like some money.
2	This Hard Rock is really nothing special. It is much smaller than most of them and doesn't have any really spectacular memorabilia in it. Still, it is a good place to get souvenirs that say Phoenix and very convenient to downtown sporting events. Food and service are OK.
4	Diego Pomona (that's me) loves the Hard Rock Cafe's.....at least the one's I've been to!I do agree with the reviews that say it's overpriced, because it kind of is....but you got to expect it.  It's downtown and it's the Hard Rock......ROCK ON!The nachos are spectacularly delicious and the burgers are so big that they are hard to finish.  They have a cool drink selection and it's always fun to buy the cup as a souvenir...it also helps justify the price of the cocktails.  I've been here a few times and the waiters/waitresses have always been fun and prompt.  It's definately not as big as some of the HRC's that I've been to but they got some got stuff hanging on the walls if you want to walk around and burn off your nachos while you wait for your burger. Rock over there!
3	I'm not normally a patron of chain restaurants, but I went to Hard Rock Cafe downtown last week to see a local band, Super Stereo, perform there.  And actually, up until I bought the tickets for the show, I didn't even know Hard Rock allowed local bands to perform there.  That's pretty cool of them, and I respect that.The beer selection was mediocre at best, the mushroom and swiss burger was tasty, and the server was kind and attentive.  I couldn't ask much more from Hard Rock so I won't.  If you're downtown and need a bite to eat, there are several better joints to check out.  However, if you have a specific reason to go to Hard Rock (like I did), go there and enjoy yourself.  You'll have a good time.Oh, and Super Stereo kicked butt!  Check them out!!
2	Overpriced and mediocre food at best.  The reason I gave this two stars  is because you can buy cool shirts.  Who doesn't want a Hard Rock Cafe Phoenix shirt? ...heh.I think the nostalgia has worn off on the Hard Rock Cafe after all these years.  It's no longer (not sure it ever has been) THE place to hang out at.  Two stars because it's still the Hard Rock Cafe.
5	When HRC was on Camelback, we frequented the bar for happy hour.  During that time, we befriended the bartenders, who are still there  They create a neighborhood feel to this international chain.  Phoenix HRC is different than the other ones I've been to because of this.  When they moved downtown we continued to frequent the bar.  Number 1 reason to drive downtown for happy hour - the bartenders Javier and Eddie.  They have incredible memories and pick up the conversation you ended with the last time you were there, and that could have been 8 months ago.  They are quick with the drinks and with their wit. The food is ok and over-priced, but that comes with the HRC name.  We have found the entire staff to be friendly and accommodating.  A neighborhood HRC bar...hmmmm.  Sure feels like it.
3	Family and I brought my mother here before we had to drop her off at the airport! Had a very nice waitress, who was very courteous to us. Wife and I shared a granny apple burger, It was nothing special! Could get a better burger elsewhere! Mother had their twisted mac and cheese. She claimed it was the best she ever had? Wife and daughter agreed it was very good. I don't like mac and cheese so I never tried it. Over all food was OK! Service was very good!
4	LOCATION:  Downtown Phoenix - walking distance from the stadiums! ATMOSPHERE:  Very lively with great energy for a Saturday afternoon!  There were several flat screen TVs with music videos playing...not too loud.  A couple of other screens along the wall had the local March Madness basketball games playing.  We were there three hours before the Lady Gaga concert, and the other patrons were fun and diverse!  FOOD:  We had the "Big Cheese Burger" and "Grilled Veggie Sandwich."  For drinks, we were excited to have a "Bahama Mama" and "Blackberry Smash!"  I was sad when I found out they were out of the Balsamic Tomato Bruschetta.  We ate every bite!!  There was not a crumb remaining!  VERY GOOD!PARKING:  There is a parking garage just a couple of blocks away.  We were staying at a hotel which included parking in the garage; therefore, I'm not sure of the garage rates.  I would recommend parking there when in the area.    PERKS:  Location, location, location!SERVICE:  The waitress was friendly and very efficient.  Even though it was getting busier each minute we were there, she was very responsive to our table!  VERY happy!CONCLUSION:  For event nights, DEFINITELY get there at 5 pm.  If you wait until 6 pm or later, it will be quite crowded.  The location alone makes this place perfect for dinner and drinks before attending games/concerts.  I will be back!
4	We were here to see KINCH play and they really did am outstanding job. We drove to Phoenix from California and it was worth it. We will definitely be seeing them when they are in a closer venue. OUTSTANDING!!
2	Long lines before/after sporting events. Limited beer selection. Mediocre food. I wasn't impressed. I can't tell you how many times I thought it would be a good idea to stop in for a drink or snack while in the area, only to find out that a baseball or basketball game was scheduled down the street and the wait would be an hour or longer. Not worth the wait.
3	I ended up coming here cause nothing else seemed open around the area and I was too tired to walk around looking for places to eat.I don't really have much to say about HRC, I use to think it was a cool place to hang out when I was a teenager but now it just seems eh. The autographs and memorabilia all over the walls seem outdated and makes me feel old now. Just doesn't feel clean.The food is ok -- really uneventful and overpriced.3 stars cause the people that worked there were really nice, service was fast, and the food was...edible?
3	RAWK! This is my preferred stop when walking from US Bank tower to Chase Field for Diamondbacks game. It's a long walk and I get thirsty. Don't judge me. The burgers at lunch are great but what I like best is how cold they keep their beer. You're thinking, "So the Hard Rock has cold beer, big whoop." Well think again, Sport. Undercooled (totally a word) draft beer is an epidemic, even more so during the summer months when cooling systems are working triple hard. I've been in this Hard Rock dozens of times but I never tire of the memorabilia, especially the Prince homage that stares you in the mug right when you walk in the door. The only thing I do tire of is the stale loop of videos that play on the monitors. I'm a music snob and Taking Back Sunday clips bore the crap out of me. The staff works really hard and can jive talk with the best of 'em. Stop in, say hello, and order a ice cold brew (if you're old enough... they'll check).
1	I asked the waiter what was gluten free on the menu and he didn't know. He asked the manager and still came back with a weird understanding of what I could order. It's strange that a huge chain like this would not have a gluten free menu or know what on their menu was ok to eat. It's the only restaurant that hasn't been accommodating to my gf lifestyle.
2	So, we were hungry after visiting the Heard Museum, and I had just found out I had $50 on my All Access card from the ridiculous amount of money we spend at the Honolulu Hard Rock a year and a half ago, so we decided to go.  It was a Sunday and downtown Phoenix was dead....as was the Hard Rock Cafe.  It just felt kind of depressing.  Service was a bit slow, my Margarita was blue and the food was so-so.  Then I found out the $50 on my card could not be used towards alcohol....which made up over 50% of our bill.  Oh well.  Had a lot more fun and the Honolulu one, but that's probably because we were on vacation.  :)
2	Can't remember the last time I was at a Hard Rock Cafe. This visit was only memorable for 1) Amanda Peachey's gorgeous face and voice 2) the jungle like humidity inside the place.Our servers were attentive. Our drinks were frequently refilled. But it's just not as "hard rock" when it's so family friendly. It's a very small space, and being in downtown Phoenix on a Saturday night in summer, it was sparsely populated as well. Maybe I'm missing the point, but overpriced drinks and signed guitars on the walls do not bang my shutters.
4	Food never disappoints - usually go before a Phoenix Mercury game.  Like their mac and cheese ! A little it expensive, but it is good.
4	Bar service excellent when I went into place my take-out order, including giving me a 15% military discount.  Disappointed that gift shop didn't have any XXL classic city T-shirts.  Salad and dessert were excellent.
1	I went to Hard Rock Cafe for the first time with a coupon for a $4 meal. (Legenary burger, fries, and soft drink) The only positive is that the food was alright. It was good for the $4 I paid, but not the $15+tax and tip it was normally.The cons:- The customer service was laughable. Our waiter come up to my guest and I, who both had empty drinks at the time, and said "Good? Good?" with thumbs up. My guest asked for a refill and specified that I needed one, too. Later in the meal when both of our drinks were totally empty again, I asked for a refill. He only brought one for me, so my guest and I shared my drink. He clearly couldn't care less. - The burger was dry, like it was previously frozen. It definitely didn't taste fresh.- The veggies on the side to put on the burger weren't crisp. I usually like lettuce on my burger, but not their wilted lettuce.- The fries weren't seasoned and they weren't anything special. I'd compare them to Wendy's fries. - The music videos they play are awful. For being the Hard Rock Cafe you'd think that they'd play some well known rock stuff. ...nope... my guest and I were there for almost two hours and there was only one song we recognized. While I'm not a music expert, my guest is. To top it off, their bad music is so loud that you have to yell to talk to someone across the table. I expected loud music at the Hard Rock Cafe, but not bad loud music.
3	Fun atmosphere and awesome appetizers. Our waitress was quick and it was a convenient location since we were taking in a Suns game after dinner.
3	I finally got to try out the Hardrock cafe in downtown Phoenix. My first impression is that it's smaller then I thought it would be, but it's still pretty roomy the way the tables are spaced out. This is a great place to go if you are going to attend a concert or basketball game at the US Airways center (directly across the street) or Chase Field where the Diamondback's play. Overall, it has a pretty neat atmosphere with everything being music related. Lot's of guitars and gold records along with pictures cover most of the walls. be prepared, it is very loud in there. Music videos will be playing. This does not bother me, but you may have to raise your voice to be heard.  Now, onto he food. My wife and I had already eaten, so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high, but it is geared towards being different and your probably paying  for that. I would go back again, but I would not just drive into Phoenix just to eat there on a whim. Maybe next time I go to a D'backs game or the Roger Waters concert in May.
1	if you like terrible service and overpriced food you've come to the right place.  If I knew before I went in there I would be paying $16.00 for macaroni and cheese, and had the pleasure of waiting around for an hour to get it, while my glass remained empty, I would've stayed away (which is what you should do).  Food wasn't awful, although 2 members of the party did cut up their mouths eating the hard as a "Rock" bread on their sandwiches. The mac n' cheese was nothing special.  The service was beyond poor.  First and last time I will eat at Hard Rock Cafe.
1	We got there and told them we had a party of 8 but wouldn't seat us until all 8 arrived or even take our name down. When the other 4 arrived they wanted to seat us separate like opposite sides of the restaurant. Told us 15 to 30 minutes and seated people they arrived AFTER us BEFORE us. After 40 minutes. We said something. Got us two tables not together. Finally. If it wasn't for our server it would have been horrible. Very disorganized and hostess couldn't even do their job. Won't come back. Only reason it actually got one star was due to the server.
3	I have never been to the Hard Rock Cafe before so I personally enjoyed the decor. Our waiter was hilarious and I loved my Granny Smith burger. The portions were big and I had a lot of fun.
4	-- Great little Hard Rock Cafe in Downtown!!****Service and food were pretty good.  They even had a small fashion show going on the night of the 26th. :) Very entertaining!!
3	Right across from US Airways Center in Downtown Phoenix. Nice place to go to if your in the area. Lot of signed stuff adorns the wall here, as is the case with all Hard Rock Cafe's. Nice bar, food and drinks get pricey however.
3	It's been awhile since I've been to a Hard Rock Cafe and this one is really nice! My friend and I stopped in for lunch yesterday while attending a convention and decided to give it a try. Our server was so good and super friendly and he constantly checked in on us. The food itself? Well I ordered the shrimp, pear and goat cheese salad with spiced pecans. There was barely any goat cheese and the shrimp was just okay... The picture in the menu looked really good but the actual was just okay. I was slightly saddened by this.. My friend's mahi burger seemed much better. I will definitely either order a burger, or something else next time because I was hoping for something more. On the upside, my Arnold Palmer drink was very refreshing and good!
3	It was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe, and I was really excited! I went with a party of 12, we made reservations before hand and the staff was accommodating with that.We ordered drinks, which ranged from lemondrops, margaritas, beer, wine, mojitos, you name it---and everyone was pleased with their drinks.I ordered the steak, which was delicious. Everyone is very attentive to our needs... I think it helped that the restaurant was relatively empty on a Wednesday evening... but then again, downtown Phoenix seems to be empty 24/7. It was noted by one of my friends that this was the first Hard Rock Cafe where she could actually hear herself talk... Although the staff, service, food, and drinks were awesome, and I have nothing to complain about, the atmosphere is dull and boring. If you're looking for a fun time---don't come here.
2	Other than the ambiance of being a  Rock & Roll restauarnt, this place isn't good.  The food sucks.I came in for a birthday party with 6 people, and not one of us actually enjoyed our food.  We had called ahead (2 weeks) to reserve a table before a game.  When we got there, the table had not even been set up.  We were 20 minutes later than planned getting to our table, and we missed 1 entire 1st inning and the top of the 2nd because it took so long to get our food.
4	I've been wanting to eat here since my last trip to Vegas. And I'm glad I did! It was just the same. I had the Twisted Mac N Cheese which was delicious and Darren had the fish n chips... Fantastic... The bruschetta was great... My salad I tried the pear dressing which was a bit odd but a bit good at the same time.. Good. Our server was very nice. I felt a tad rushed and think they need to wait a bit between apps and main course and not ask if I am done while I am eating lol but over all I'm glad we have one here in Phoenix! I also think they need cloth napkins.. The paper ones are kinda lame.
2	I think I got lost and ended up in "Soft Rock Lounge".Sure, the manufactured decorations are sleek, and the furniture is comfortable, but what do you really have to look forward to? A weak beer selection with the bar running out of the crafts? $14 burgers that don't look interesting? I guess it's cool to come here to say you've gone to one, but everyone I know says it's the worst they've been to in the US. I have nothing to compare it to just yet, but I should have listened. Two stars because they have a groovy sound system and seem to support local artists. But I get that at a lot of places with good food/drink and no bums lurking outside the front door.
2	Unpleasant hostess, out of the two items we wanted and then the overpriced food we got was mediocre! The server was nice, which is the only reason this review got 2 stars. Should have known better ...
3	We decided to stop here before the Suns vs Spurs basketball game. Pros: Location (its right across the street from the US Airways Center) + full stock bar with wide drink selections = 5 starsCons: Service was slow and a little unorganized. We didn't know who our waitress was since we were helped by multiple servers after flagging them down -1 star. Food was your typical greasy bar food. Very forgetful and not worth the price -1 more star. It's an OK spot if you're in the downtown area for standard bar food but if you are looking for something more, save your money and go elsewhere. There are tons of nearby restaurants to choose from.
3	I actually came here for a concert that was happening in the restaurant, so we decided to eat here as well out of convenience.I will say that the restaurant itself is pretty cool with its music theme, but if you are coming here to eat be prepared to be let down. It's definitely another one of those places that seemed like it had better food when I was a younger kid. The burger is very basic and unmemorable. My wife got the fajitas, which were actually kind of gross. We did enjoy the potato skins that we ordered as appetizers though, so the meal wasn't a complete waste. It is a nice place to see a show, but the food isn't really worth the price.
5	Great entertainment...Amanda went the extra mile for our thirst!!
2	Let me first say, I'm just not a big fan of these chain restaurants.  We came here only b'c a friend of ours is a huge fan.  The service was decent enough.  We had a rough start regarding seating but in the end it all worked out.We found a bug in one of our cocktails but the manager comp-ed my friend's and my drink.  That is decent enough.I got that "small" burger they have.  Meat was a step above over cooked.  Hubby got some kind of salad and he liked it.  My fries tasted like it was fried in really old oil.The whole experience wasn't terrible but I can't justify giving it 3 stars.  Nice location though.
3	Went here before a Dbacks game. Our server was nice, but the food was only mediocre. We got nachos and a bunch of wings: the nachos were a bit dry and overcooked. The wings were decent but not really justified in the price. I liked the tv's playing old music videos and the general Hard Rock Cafe feel. I would maybe go here again but I would not go out of my way to make it over here.
3	I went here because I was staying at the Sheraton and needed something to eat. I had heard of the Hard Rock because, well, everyone knows about the Hard Rock franchise. Upon entering, it looked nice enough, and the chairs were pretty comfy (especially after a day of walking). We had a big group (7 people) and were seated quickly (there weren't that many people there). The service was quick, but the food was only ok. Everything was so spicy! Even just the chicken tenders were spicy! LITERALLY EVERYTHING WE HAD WAS SPICY! It was a little disappointing when we left a little hungry and our mouths burning. The major pros was that it was clean, and that the food was alright aside from the spiciness in every bite.
1	Terrible service on a Saturday night!? Watch your check. They add 18% without asking and it is hidden in with the meal charges. Don't know how I caught it but will not be back-ever. Oh and the food was bad all around. Spend your money else where!
5	I went to hooters, then came here. I don't care how big hooters is, Hard Rock Cafe is in a hole mother league! You guys rock!!! Sorry about the shitty tip.
4	This is a beautiful location of the Hard Rock cafe. It is really nicely kept up. The service was good and I love their Haystack chicken salad.
4	Great service. The Local Legend was tasty and filled me up. Poplano pepper, pico, fried onion strips and a thick burger! The tomatillo sauce on the side was ok but not really my thing for a burger.Good location after a trip to US Airways Center across the street.
4	Cody did a great job. We got here right before a Suns game and the place was pretty busy. We were seated fairly quickly and ordered the sampler platter. Food was great and came in a timely manner, drinks as well. Shout out to Cody who was really personable and never stopped moving. When we do come back, he'll be the one we ask for.
4	We went here for nachos after the concert and of course we expected it to be busy but we got our drinks and food in a timely manner. Staff was friendly and fast! I will be returning! Oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious! Chips were nice and crispy!
4	We stopped in last night for an impromptu VDay dinner. We were in town for a hockey tournament.  My sweet husband knows how much I adore my metal bands- at least I used to many years ago- he can't stand it so I know it was true  love when the KISS tribute band took the stage.  Our kids were mortified. It was awesome.  Now to the food...If you like Moscow Mules you'd love the perfect storm. We got the huge sampler platter to start. Onion rings were great  so were the tater skins. Chicken tenders were kind of meh- same for the bean roll ups. Had the so Carolina sauce for my pulled chicken Sammie. It's tangy.  And really good and really messy.The guys liked their burgers. Our waitress was a doll.
3	Went on a Saturday night.  Can't say too much good about the place or anything bad about the place. Happy Hour really isn't a happy hour it's only a dollar off cocktail and draft. I ordered a burger my lady ordered the fajitas they were both okay. The workers were nice as well. The quality of food and drink you can get at a local chili restaurant for half the price. I wouldn't recommend this place to anybody or down the idea of going back if a group of friends wanted to go.. It was the ultimate so so experience
5	My bucket list is to attempt to visit all HRC locations!!  So, I'm now crossing off Phoenix location!Dined in and enjoyed all the memorabilia displayed. New location in downtown PHX next to the D-Backs stadium.  Seems to get a good amount of traffic during events but during the weekend it wasn't busy at all.  Sat at the bar ordered a sampler platter and food was pretty good.  Big fan of the restaurant and collected a new pin to add to my collection.
1	Went there last year after watching the Suns game. Terrible food. Terrible service. Really cool inside, they have some awesome stuff. Its clean and the musician was bada$$. But I ordered a burger well done with no pink. It came out so pink it was almost bloody. I complained and the waiter was arguing with me that its still good. I reminded him the customer is always right. He returned with a new burger just as bad. Also only had 1 refill the whole time I was there.
1	Just AWFUL!  Not only did we have to ask and get our own menus.... we had to get our own drinks and order our food at the bar.  No server to be found or that checked on us.  To top it off... the Mac and Cheese that I ate got me sick!!!! NEVER again.
5	Very fitting restaurant and atmosphere before our group of 21 enjoyed the Billy Joel ( and Gavin DeGraw opening right across the street at the US Airways Center) concert.  The food was awesome and served hot and promptly- the  grilled salmon was perfect and the mashed potatoes were to die for; ribs were huge and tasty. The chocolate cheesecake was delicious. The awesome Stephanie set this up for our large group of 21 and we had 2 large tables reserved and set up right smack in the middle of the main dining area. Our servers Catie and SaBeth were spectacular - on the ball, very caring and patient with this sometimes crazy and demanding group of ex NYers. It was a fun atmosphere with Billy Joel songs playing and the waitresses leading the guests in clapping, singing " Happy Birthday" to our friend Gail and just having fun. 5 stars all the way.
2	2 stars for just the food. In Phoenix, we are currently having an heat warning, so water would have been great. I understand things get busy, 10 minutes is a bit of a long wait with the heat. The waitress came as I was heading to the to get water from the bar. She got our order. I asked for a root beer and a burger with no onions. The root beer came late and the burger came with onions. It may have been the kitchen's fault and the food was still good. The, who I am assuming was the manager, refilled our waters because the waitress was too busy doing whatever in the back. Never got a refill on the root beer, the drink I actually spend money on. Got the bill, but the waitress went M.I.A. for 15 minutes. Finally got up to ask a bus boy where a register was so we could pay. The waitress showed up as we were talking to him. It was disappointing because we heard such great things, but we did not get a decent service.
2	Over priced. Horribly cooked burger. Bad layout of the main floor. You want a better burger? Go to the Tilted Kilt a block away. Better layout and timely service? Go to Arrogant Butcher. Restaurant closed at 10pm in the city! It has a bar! The drinks were decent...but nothing to make me stay there. Much better places to go within walking distance for the price.
2	Bartender and server were very friendly and helpful, very over priced, the Sandwich was extremely dry
5	Had an excellent lunch today. Spotless and good atmosphere. Food was terrific and Mallory couldn't have been better. My best Hard Rock visit among many locations!
5	Always a great place before a sports event of whatever downtown. We had a great server and the best way is to be a member so you get priority seating. On a DBack game night we waited 10 minutes maybe. The salmon is excellent and the drinks are to die for. They actually use alcohol. The hurricane was delish...I love hard rock
5	MK and Luis were simply amazing.... went to a Mercury game stopped to eat and our experience was incredible.  Management was hands on and we will be back.
4	I collect HRC Collector's Pins, so this review is based on the store only. We arrived around 10:30pm and the place was empty (I overheard that they had already stopped serving food, although the bar was still open for a couple more hours). The hostess came to the store area and was extremely friendly! She explained some of the pins and made sure that I saw all the options available. I found one for my collection and was pleased to find one honoring the Year of the Horse (on sale too!) for my brother. The transaction was quick and we were out in a just a few minutes. The location is conveniently located in Downtown Phoenix across the US Airways Center. There is street parking available. I'm not sure if there is a parking structure available.
5	It was the first time I'd ever been to a HRC and it was incredible. Went in with my daughter about noon on a Tuesday, restaurant was empty  and Cody was our server. He was very attentive and personable, I've honestly never had better service. My daughter and I shared the bruschetta, Mac and cheese (without the roasted red peppers) and the hot fudge sundae. Overall I have no complaints, it was a fantastic experience.
4	Good BBQ, I had the "duo" combo with ribs & brisket and my wife has the pulled pork sandwich. We were both pleased. Not as much memorabilia as other HRCs but still interesting, including Roy Orbison's motorcycle.
4	I was really impressed with the staff at the Hard Rock Cafe in Phoenix.  Our serve went out of his way to make our experience the best possible.  We had requested that he take our picture at the table for posterity.  However, he did more than that by having us do different poses and had us do pictures all around the place.  The food was pretty typical corporate type restaurant food, but it was pretty good.  The beer was great and we had a very good time.  I tip my hat to the staff at this place and highly recommend that you get your picture taken there along with ordering some great food & drink. (We were there in September of 2014.)
4	I stopped in just for souvenirs and was treated great! The person behind the counter was super friendly. There were two other people there complaining about the price of some of the items and asked if they could get a discount or anything and he politely explained no. He made some suggestions as to what I should purchase and I am completely satisfied with my purchase! Love visiting all of the Hard Rock Cafe's when we're out traveling!
4	I stopped in with a friend on a Sunday night while walking around the area and watching the ice skating. It wasn't crowded and our server showed up immediately. I ordered the colossal mushroom burger with onion rings. That thing was HUGE. I cut it in half and managed to stuff my face. It was delicious, but way more meat than this tummy can hold.
