5	Oh this place is fun if your doggie needs a haircut and or bath.  It's like a SALON FOR DOGS!  For real.... the groomers have the place set up like a real salon and they are chatting and cuting my dog's hair-- it's so flippin' cute!  Sophie, the Golden, loves this place and she likes Wag N Wash.I have not been to Smelly Dog in awhile though b/c we've been going to Wag N Wash.  I hope Smelly Dog is still open now that I think about it.
5	Our dogs love Smelly Dog. The guys that own it are fantastic. When our pups are a little nervous, they will offer them some chicken jerky. Their prices are great and their service is even better!
5	I will continue to support Smelly Dog over that Wag N Wash place, because the people at Smelly Dog just rock!  They are independent, and were established there first whereas Wag N Wash is a chain and moved in right down the street!  Boo!Seriously though the staff at Smelly Dog are just awesome, they really love our dogs and take very good care of them.  I can always get them down there at the last minute for a wash even if its just before they close.  One time a few years ago my dog Caesar ran away and when I found him he was covered in the most nasty, sticky, smelly garbage ever...I took him down to Smelly Dog and they had to wash him 3 times, but never charged me extra...I tipped big that day!Smelly Dog also has a doggie day care facility which is nice with sofas and tv's and a play area...and the staff plays with the dogs all day!  They also do a fundraiser every year to support bulletproof vests for police dogs.  These guys are awesome!Shame on you Nadia for going to Wag N Wash!  Who writes something like that in a review??Support local businesses!  Go to Smelly Dog!!
5	amazing staff and friendly environment make me return to smelly dog again and again. THey are always upbeat and get me in and out in a timely manner...I highly recommend smelly dog!!!
5	Above all, the staff goes beyond the ordinary social sine qua non and makes the customer, both quad- and bi-ped, feel outrageously comfortable in a typically unpredictable and potentially erratic situation that is the doggy salon.  We brought our American White Shepherd here for a much needed romp in the tub and she tends to get uneasy around other dogs who display anxiety emanating from their owners or handlers.  But here at Smelly Dog, the staff and owner immediately put her at ease by acknowledging her, giving her a playful pet, and giving the lovable "who's a smelly doggy?" act.  I was impressed by the sincerity of it all, as dogs can see right through all of that, but each and every animal responded enthusiastically to the playfulness.  They have self-wash stations set up for the owners to rinse, shampoo, condition, blow-dry, brush, and spritz their dog.  It took about 15 - 20 mins for a thorough cleansing, which is as refreshing to the owners (she's a bed and couch climber) as it is to the dog herself.  They even clipped her long nails for her.Total charge, $15 bones.  A freaking steal for a wash-and-go, without worrying about having to pick up the years of white fur that will be floating around in there long after we have gone.  So, thanks for that!
5	Anyone that has their four-legged friends groomed at any frequency knows that time is of the essence. It is not uncommon to be on a leash (pun intended) for up to six hours, awaiting that phone call for return pick-up.  But Smelly Dog has broken that standard! They actually schedule each grooming individually and give you a spot on pick up time when you drop off. This not only makes mommie happy, but Isabel is in a far better mood when I go to pick her up. And I can't say that I really blame her. Would I be happy being locked in a kennel for the better part of the afternoon?!! No kennelling at Smelly Dog. Each client is treated with respect and love.Remember to pick up your punch card and begin earning credits towards your free services (btw, they will also combine cards, if you have misplaced one).Head on down to Smelly Dog with the poochies and you will be waggin' your tongues all the way home!!!
5	Sigh. Love this place.My partner and I took our two puppies to Smelly Dog for the first time after a bout at the dog park (19th ave and maryland...off of bethany home) for a bath. The owner was super friendly and helpful. Steven who helped us with our dogs baths was also extremely nice and showed us our way around their facility and equipment. Not to mention that the price was beyond reasonable...$15/dog if you do it yourself. They provide the shampoo, conditioner, brushes, ear cleaner, blowdryer, and they clip their nails -- all for $15. That's a steal if you ask me. We also got really cute collars for the dogs at $3/piece. They didn't appear cheap and are holding up well thus far...and that's saying a lot if you saw how my dogs play with each other. We asked the owner how he is able to keep the prices so reasonable...and he said (what you hope every indy business owner is able to say) I was so sick of getting nickeled and dimed everytime I tried to take my dog somewhere, we just decided we would make it affordable and hope that would keep people coming back. And I'd have to say for me, that will definitely work.A super clean, friendly, local, and affordable business...I'll be back!
5	Smelly Dog is just wonderful. Our little Brady loves going here because he knows how hot he is and all the other dogs know it too. Seriously, though, the staff are beyond friendly. We've not been disappointed by any experience there.
5	Smelly Dog is the find of a century!  Our two standard poodles can become darn smelly dogs and this is just the most awesome place to make them look beautiful again.  I've had Standards for about 30 years now and I've never had my dogs look as good as they get them to look at Smelly Dog.The price is fantastic too!  I also like that the pups are never put into a kennel and they are much happier when I pick them up here as opposed to other groomers I've taken them to.We will NEVER go elsewhere...these people ROCK!
2	I took my pup to this place based on all the good reviews from this page and I was not so impressed. When arriving for the appointment, we weren't exactly greeted happily - it was very noisy already (not the doggies but the blow dryers!) and the person taking down our information as well as how we wanted our dog to be groomed was barely listening and definitely wanted to be somewhere else. And while I definitely understand that feeling...it's just hard to be confident when you leave your dog there that you're going to be happy when you see the end result! Unfortunately, my feelings were legitimate and our puppy was almost bald! He barely had any hair left at all (what I was afraid of)!!! Overall, I've definitely experienced happier people and have left with a happier dog!
3	Great for self-wash. Well, not washing ones self, that would be a bit messy and exhibitionist, but for self-washing the dog(s), Smelly Dog does not stink. The tub/water sprayer/implements setup is good, especially now that they have new nozzles with great water pressure (this was a problem before) and a choice of spray settings, The shampoo and conditioner provided are all-natural and low-suds. One of my dogs is extremely furry, and it's hard to get the low-suds shampoo into her coat, so I bring my own for her. The high powered dryers are great, and do a good job of blowing loose fur out of the coat. Sunday at opening time is the best time I've found on weekends for a relatively calm environment. Gets frenetic later on in the day. $15 per dog for self wash is a smoking deal - especially for a furry dog that costs extra at a groomer (most groomers charge $60 each for my dogs).
4	I disagree with the lower rated posts below. I find the new owner very friendly and very knowledgeable. It does seem some of the staff is new but they do make an effort. We bring our very energetic lab to day care almost weekly and she loves it. We love it too because she's thoroughly exhausted when she gets home. Rumor has it that they are working on a boarding facility by the end of the year. That will be the perfect combo for those of us that can't leave our pets at traditional kennels.
3	I have been going to Smelly Dog with my two dogs since it first opened. I adored the original owners and was skeptical when I found out they had sold. Both times since new ownership have been pleasingly good. The new owner has kept most of the staff, is friendly and tries really hard. I think that she may be new to retail though. The first time I did self-serve; the staff helped set up and did plenty of check-backs. The next time was for grooming and I was satisfied with the result. I know it was a tough groom because there was something sticky on the dog's front legs. I wasn't charged extra (though I tipped well) and it was clear that my shy dog was happy there. Give Smelly Dog a chance. They really love dogs, will take good care of them for a reasonable price, and will figure out the retail end of things pretty quickly.
1	Well, we took our two schnauzers to Smelly Dog based on some great reviews on Yelp and from a guy with his own schnauzer in our apartment complex.  We were moving, and our regular groomer is out in Mesa... we chose convenience over excellence. Big mistake. We were able to get in for an appointment in a reasonable amount of time, the staff seemed fairly friendly, and I was in and out in just a few minutes. So, what was the problem?  I am pretty specific about how I like my dogs groomed, and I was clear with the groomer EXACTLY how I wanted them done (I could go into specifics, but I wouldn't want to be boring... suffice it to say that my list of requests was only about 3 items long).  Basically, NONE of the directions I gave were followed.  Not one.Not only was my finickiness not satiated, but the basic schnauzer (and every other hairy dog) grooming items that should always be done without a specific request to do so were not done (ear plucking, anal glands expressed (yuck), shaved belly and between the foot pads).  I ended up doing these things myself over the course of the past few weeks. This does not please me, and it certainly doesn't please my dogs. In my almost 15 years of having a schnauzer groomed, I have never had a groomer blatantly ignore my requests AND give my dogs such a horrible basic groom.  I have never thought that my dogs were ugly before - but Smelly Dog managed to make them as ugly as two extremely cute dogs could possibly be.  I spent days literally crying about how awful they looked (these dogs are my babies). To add insult to injury, the groom cost $15 more per dog than my regular groomer. I will NEVER, EVER be going back to Smelly Dog. Ever. Ever. Ever. Instead, I will be tucking my tail between my legs and sheepishly returning to my regular groomer - Jennifer at Trim Time in Mesa.  She is the best groomer the pups have ever had. Worth the drive, worth the time, worth every penny.
5	We use Smelly Dog primarily for the doggy day care. Our Lab actually smiles when we ask her if she wants to spend the day there. It's the highlight of her week, and ours too as she comes completely exhausted. A tired Lab is a good Lab. We were a little worried when the original owners sold the store, but the new owner is great. She takes a personal interest in our dog and is always very friendly. The staff is also very responsive and gives us honest feedback about our dogs behavior. This place is the closest thing to heaven for a dog. The people are friendly and the place is always clean. Please support this local business!
4	Smelly Dog is, by far, the best value in doggie day care in the valley. Our pup goes to "camp" two days a week at Smelly Dog and she literally drools with joy as soon as we pull up and she realizes where we are.  The staff at Smelly Dog are incredibly friendly and they don't mind throwing the tennis ball to our retriever for hours and hours because they know it makes her happy. The large amount of play space (both indoor and outdoor) was very important to us when looking for daycare establishments, as was a cooling system in place for the hot summers.  Smelly Dog has both!There's no extra charge for them to feed your pup a mid-day meal if you bring their food in a bag, and the best part is seeing my little girl pass out from exhaustion at the end of the day from all of the fun that she had.  Thanks Smelly Dog for taking such good care of our pup every week!
3	Well, I tried going to the local, independent place first....but I'm going to have to give the competition a shot before going right back to Smelly Dog.The staff consisted of one super friendly clerk, and one indifferent.  The super friendly more than made up for the other person, as I never felt needy for human contact.   I got set up for the DIY wash after just a few minutes of prep time.The hardware and equipment was just okay.  When I asked, there wasn't any sort of rubber or nylon brush available to use during sudsing-up, only normal brushes for regular dry brushing either before or after.  Seems like a common item that others would also be asking for, so I consider that a 'missing staple'.The tub was elevated to waist height, which was good, but was made of plastic that was not as sturdy as I think it should be.  One of my dogs really wanted to lean against the side -- he was really pushing that plastic -- and almost managed to lift his leg over the side and topple down.  He's not that tall, either, so a larger dog would prob have a hard time in this tub ( I only saw one size available). The drain in the bottom of the tub was way too slow.  I saw another tub used by a DIY customer and one by a staff member with the same issue.  Dirty, stinky, hairy water was built up, and I had a really hard time getting a good suds going on my boys feet and inbetween the toes.  I did my best, but wasn't all that surprised to find dirty-wet-dog stink (way worse than we walked into the store with) eminating from their toes after we got home.~Smelly Dog, indeed~The only part that made paying someone else to wash my own dog worth the money was being able to use the superduper blow dryer.  It really blew a lot of water and hair out that I wouldn't have been able to at home.But for $15, I don't see what all the excitement is over that being such a great deal.  If the facility's equipment is better, then the $2 or so that it costs at the other place might be worth it.   (I saw pics of one that had larger stainless steel tubs with one full back wall -- might be less manueverable than being able to get around three sides like these plastic tubs, but might also not tip over or have dog step out of it!)If I check them out and find them comprable, then A-Ok is where the rating will stand, but if another establishment licks this DIY wash thing, then I'm going to have to move Smelly Dog to a Meh, I've had better.Otherwise I'm sticking with the DIY at home and just investing in a nice reversible wet/dry shop vac to deal with blowing out that wet hair.2.5 stars
3	I'm feeling extra nice today and they carry locally made dog food, so they get three stars instead of my intended two.  I'm still not done lamenting the loss of Oliver and Annie, but Smelly Dog has taken over the lines once stocked by O&A and came highly touted.  Well, okay, we will give it a shot.  We came in hoping to find the brand of dog food that we feed our Monstah, but they didn't carry it.  I didn't really expect them to because O&A never had it, but it was worth a shot.  There was one gal working there who was incredibly enthusiastic about explaining every aspect of the store to me.  She noticed me picking up a particular brand of dog food and came over to inform me that it was local.  I probably wouldn't have figured that out on my own.  Anyway, we decided to do some more research before switching food and we picked up a dog toy for a friend's dog.  Checkout was excruciatingly painful.  There were 3 people up front and one girl acting as cashier.  My husband stood there for about 5 minutes before it was his turn.  Then on his turn, some guy just cut in front of him to pay for his self wash and the girl didn't say anything about it despite the fact that she clearly noticed it.  Ugh.  Oh well.  We paid and left and unfortunately, we probably won't be back.  I need a bigger selection of doggie supplies and less of a grooming/washing shop.
2	I hate to review this place like a normal pet store when they are really just a low-budget dog groomer but if you are going to sell food, toys, and clothes too, you should really do it right.  Oh Smelly Dog.  For years I have driven by you and thought "Hmph, I wonder what that place is like" as I head over to my favorite dog wash down the street (Wag N Wash) or to my favorite dog accessory store up Camelback (Oliver & Annie).  Since O&A closed and the owner told us he was sending his supplies over to Smelly Dog, we figured we HAD to try it.We walk in and the place is a disaster.  Dog baths just out in the middle of the store with little yippie dogs all tied up near the door.  The floor was wet with pools of water which made it very slippery and dangerous.  The food selection is slim...like you have two choices.  I like that one of them is local but they could stand to carry a few others.  Their toy selection is okay but they could stand to carry WestPaw too.  They dog-clothing is pretty much limited to small dog stuff which is also too bad.The one girl who worked there was pretty enthusiastic and helpful but the checkout girl completely pissed me off when she allowed a wash customer to cut in front of me to pay after I had stood there for 5 minutes.This place has too many shortcomings to replace the wonderful Wag N Wash.  I'll be going to Noble Beast for accessories now.  Sorry...Smelly Dog is just too chaotic for me.
5	Took Duke for the first time today and he loved it!  Well, insofar as a dog who is like a cat around water can love a bath!  Tethers everywhere and loaner leashes to keep your dog behavin'.  And the accessories!  The Duke picked out a toy right away.  You simply cannot beat a bath and nail trim for $15!This place is so loved, we've implemented doggy dates once a month.
1	My dog got kennel cough at this place! He is a Yorkie and they always cut him to look like a chiuahuha! After giving this place 3 chances I am never going back, They don't follow grooming instuctions nor check to see if  dogs have had ther shots before boarding or grooming.
2	I didn't see any review that mentioned this, but sometime in 2008 (I believe), the store was sold to new owners.  The previous owners had a new endeavor to pursue and opened up the store Stupid Cupid right in the same plaza - it's a very cool home decor/accessory store, with great owners.However, Smelly Dog has been on the decline ever since this transition.  The only reason I continued going there is because they carried my dog's favorite treat.  They just stopped carrying it.I've never had them wash my dog, but I can say that the service is just not what it used to be at all.  I'm so sad that things changed, because I used to love coming here.
5	Smelly Dog is the best place in town for daycare and bath services. Everyone there is friendly and really care about the dogs. I have been taking my boxer, Marco, there since they opened. The transition was seamless between ownerships and the level of care is still the greatest. When my little guy is feeling blue, the mere mention of Smelly Dog elicits massive tail wagging!
5	My dogs and I love Smelly Dog. The store is so cute! Since the new owner has taken over, they have expanded to twice the size, and they now carry tons of food, toys and accessories for your pooch!We usually do the self-wash because our doggies are scaredy-cats, but the awesome staff will cut their nails for you if you can't!You can't beat the price, the environment, or the service!Smelly Dog gets 5 very big stars from me.
5	My stinky pooch loves this place!!  We come here somewhat regularly to get Pogo's nails trimmed and get him his healthy, hearty food.  It is a decent sized store with an in-house bakery and a beautiful case of freshly made treats!  We have actually seen someone cooking up doggie treats in this place.  They have a good selection of food, treats, clothes and collars - but I do wish they had more "boy" clothes. The other half of their property is a play area for their doggie daycare and big tubs where they do the grooming.  I think they have a self-wash area too. The staff has always been incredibly friendly and very knowledgeable about their products. I'm not sure what all the negative reviews are about - but it seems that this place is in new hands now.
5	I love this place. I've been bringing my Golden Retriever here for a few months and he's never looked better. They do a great job at a very good price. I paid way less that I ever did at Petsmart and they did a MUCH better job. I haven't tried the self wash yet, but since our irrigation service recently started, I have a feeling I'll be trying it soon!
5	You can not beat the Personalized service and the care our animals receive at this location  Our pups are treated like the Privileged pooches that they really are.  Thanks for being part of the family!
5	We love Smelly Dog! I take my dog there for daycare every now and then just to break up the routine. Once we turn south on 7th ave. he starts going crazy because he knows where we're going. He comes home happy and very tired...yeah!! They take great care of their "clients" and love what they do.
5	This place really is an excellent spot for doggie day care, washing your dog, or for quality dog food and treats.Even better? Its full of people that are excited to meet your dog. I have never seen a staff member unhappy. Every time I come in with my dog they greet him by name. Its really kinda cool to go to a place with happy dogs and people! The tubs raise and lower! That makes it so much easier to wash your dog! Its pretty awesome. Not the best location in the world, as far as dodging the homeless or trying to get home between 4 and 6 (stupid 7th Ave!). Nonetheless, we are going to try to use them as much as possible even though we are moving away from the area!
5	We take Mrs Beasley to Smelly Dog. They do a great job bathing her. And everyone is so friendly. Thanks Smelly Dog~
5	Yesterday as one family member was working in the front yard, she was alerted by our hyper-smart dog that they were being watched.  Turns out, on the sidewalk across the street sat a little scared ball of something staring at them.  My partner then came and told me about the little ball of something that "looked" at her and needed help.  So there we were, me in my PJ's and slippers with doggy treats in hand, my partner in gardening gloves we tryed to talk to the little ball of something.  With a little coaxing and eventual cornering managed to pick up what turned out to be a poodle sporting some serious dirt colored Bob Marley dreds and completely infested with ticks.  Well we all know that poodles should not try to channel Bob Marley or host ticks for dinner.  We then took the little pup to our home and gave her water and food and then made a few phone calls.  (By now we have decided that our 2 animal limit rule was safe as this is a tiny poodle and one of our 2 dogs is missing a leg).  While on the phone I was able to make arrangements for vaccinations and I made a couple of calls to see if someone could help with grooming.  That's how we ended up at Smelly Dog!We weren't certain anyone would help out Stella (yes we named her already) due to the tick infestation and just the poor poor condition she was in.  The folks at Smelly Dog did not bat an eye.  The groomer did an amazing job of trimming all of the horrible matted hair (remember, no dreds for poodles) and removing an amazing amount of gross blood sucking ticks.  They even sent us home with a pair of tick tweezers at no charge so we could continue the process at home. From beginning to end the staff was gracious and helpful. Thank you so much for your help!
5	This is a pretty multifaceted place: it's a natural bakery for pups, groomers are here to make your four-legged children look their best, they have extra washing tubs so that you may wash your dog, they have lots of natural dog foods/dog toys to chose from, they have some fun holiday toys in right now (repping Christmas and Chanukka!) they are super GLBTQ friendly, and they have a daycare in the back. I bring my pooch here on the regular for the doggy daycare...$13/5 hours or less and $20 for anything over 5 hours.  They are open til 7, so it's a nice treat for dogs with parents who work all day.  They also sell packages, so to speak, for the daycare ($90/five days, can be used randomly and not necessarily five days in a row, good for 3 months).  Friendly staff.  I wish I could remember her name, but the girl that is usually there when I drop of Mr. Man has black hair, glasses and a nose piercing and one above her upper lip (maybe it's Sammy?)...she's really cool and she always greets my dog like they're buds.  Rad.
5	As far as I know,my dog may never have been professionally groomed.I used to have access to a back yard and hose and would shampoo him myself.In looking around for someplace I could wash him since I no longer have a backyard or  a hose,I was a bit surprised to find local facilities being upwards of 15 clams just to wash a dog!I checked into Smelly Dog and found it wasn't that much more to have someone else not only wash,but clip dogface's toenails.I wander in at 9 am this morning.Was greeted cheerfully and put into their computer system.The lady was very nice and explained how things worked after asking about my dog.Unlike some of the other reviewers here who's dogs are accessory items,my hound is a working dog.He's a real dog.Not some fru fru tu tu wearing big eyed loud cat in a dog suit.He's a dogly dog.He could easily do an Old Spice for dogs commercial or be the Marlboro Dog or the Brawny Dog.He could even be a Dog of Finland dog.He just needed to be de-funked.I warned the lady who checked me in that I didn't know how'd he react in the situation,and she calmly assured me they're used to anything and everything.Off they go.I decided to just hang out there and wait.They have a cafe table with 2 chairs outside and it was a nice morning for it.When he was done,she came out to get me.He was un-funked,soft,and happy.She even went so far as to tell me how he did with some specific details so I would know next time!It was a great first experience and well worth the price and I will be happy to bring him back there next time he neads his nails clipped or needs another bath!
5	We love Smelly Dog. My dog Rider gets to go to day care once a week to hang with his pals. The minute we take the turn from Glendale onto 7th Av. he starts to go nuts. I can hardly get the door open when we get there before he comes bounding out. The gang at the smelly dog is professional and experienced in handling any dog situation. I fully trust them with Rider. On the way home, he falls asleep before we get home and life is good again!
5	I just took my dog to Smelly Dog for the first time today, May 6, 2012.  It was awesome.  Very helpful staff and the amenities to use for the bath (my son and I bathed her ourselves) were excellent.  There were a number of other dogs in there either with their owners bathing them or the staff grooming them and all were well cared for.  I will definitely be taking my girl back there and the price included one of the staff clipping her nails - nice bonus!Thank you Smelly Dog for making a chore into something much easier to do!
5	Wow, wow, wow! ...or maybe that should be BOW, WOW, WOW! My dog and I did the self-serve wash today and we are dedicated fans after only one visit! Leah at the front desk made us feel welcome and Tim in the wash bays was capable and personable. For fifteen dollars my large lab is no longer a smelly dog. The wash bays lower (great for older dogs with hurting hips...and super for their human parents who don't have to lift them) and raise to a comfortable height. They provide shampoo, warm water, cotton balls, ear solution, face wash, towels and a blow dryer! I'm home and done...no worrying about doing a load of laundry to wash the dog wash towels...no cleaning the tub, shower, or porch of copious amounts of dog fur...and no worrying that a wet dog will roll in the dirt and then jump on the couch! I love it! We'll definitely be back. Thanks so much. You all are wonderful!
5	After browsing Yelp! for a self wash for my two German Shepherds, I came across Wag N Wash. After reading the reviews, I was just about ready to load up my poochie until I read that the dogs must be lifted into the wash bins.  Me being a scrawny 125 pounds, I knew I'd nearly kill myself trying to lift my 85 and 100 pound dogs. I know I could have asked for assistance, but my dogs don't like being handled by anyone other than myself.  I then read that Smelly Dog had hydraulic wash tubs that could be lowered  to where the dogs could walk right in.  This alone made me switch my destination to Smelly Dog.Upon arrival, I was greeted by two friendly receptionists. I didn't have an appointment, and that wasn't an issue at all. They checked me in and immediately began setting up a tub for me. Once they finished, they attached a collar to my dog and  walked us back to the tub, which I'm assuming have been upgraded based off of other reviews. The tubs were metal and definitely durable. She then showed me how to work the remote for the tub, how to work the hose and explained the array of products/tools I was given (Apron, shampoo, conditioner, ear cleaner/cotton balls, a gentle face wash, towels, a few brushes/combs (one of which was a sudsing brush which was MIA in another review)  and blow dryer).As soon as my Yoshi girl entered the tub, we realized there was a problem. She is an awkward height, so when we attached her to the restraint, it was either too lax, which meant she could easily jump out, or it was too tight to where she could not stand up without having to keep her head down.  The receptionist helped me find a way to restrain her to provide her comfort and to also prevent her from flopping out of the tub. Wash Time! The hose was very easy to use and had many different settings. The pressure was good and the water temperature is controlled, so no need to tinker around with a "hot/cold" knob. The shampoo and conditioner are in what appears to be condiment bottles, which provides very easy application. The products are all natural and high quality that work and smell great! The dryer was also easy to use.  It has a high and low setting. Yoshi is very timid, so I used the low setting and she did fine.Once I finished, asked the staff if they would be able to make accommodations for my other German Shepherd, Ben. Ben is aggressive and does not like unfamiliar people at all, so I was nervous to bring him in. They assured me they've seen it all, and offered to set me up a tub in the far corner so the number of people passing by would be limited. I was also allowed to pre-pay for his wash to limit the amount of time he would have to be in the lobby.  By the time I dropped off Yoshi and returned with Ben, the tub was already set up. They allowed me to walk back to the tub and restrain him myself which is exactly what I wanted to do as this prevented any unnecessary barking or growling.After washing my Benny boy up (he did EXCELLENT by the way! Proud mama!), we returned to the lobby. I was approached by Jackie (owner/manager??) and she recommended an awesome oatmeal shampoo for my very itchy Jack Russell at home (already used it, he smells so yummy!), as well as some grain-free foods (all were reasonably priced too!). I was nervous because of  how close Jackie was standing to Ben, but much to my surprise, instead of barking at her like he does with nearly anyone who else who stands too close, he jumped up and licked her all over her face!! AMAZING! She obviously presented herself in a way that wasn't threatening. Major Plus!I'll definitely return! Awesome staff, very user-friendly equipment. Totally worth $15 bucks each. No more bathroom hair-ball explosions and accidental headbutts that result in split lips!
5	We take our two dogs here every week for daycare.  One of our dogs even gets his grooming done here as well!  I have to say I didn't know what to expect as this was our first venture into daycare for the pups, but it has changed our lives.  Our dogs love it so much they are practically out the door without me on the day that they go, and when we come home that night they are tired out for the next two days!The staff is always friendly and knows the dogs by name as soon as we walk in.  I have a French Bulldog who needs extra breaks during the summer, and they are more than happy to meet his needs.  Best of all the dogs are not locked up in individual kennels (like the creepy place down the street) before they go outside.  Great job Smelly Dog - I wish you offered boarding as well!
5	This is now my go to groomers...I used to spend a little penny getting my two dogs brushed, shampooed and dried...and to boot, they ended up sitting in a kennel for a few hours. Smelly Dog does not use kennels...which is a huge plus for me since my dogs aren't kenneled and dispise small spaces. The service is always good and the prices are very reasonable!! They have a self serve option and the equipment appears good and clean, but my experience has always been dropping the boys off and picking them up as soon as the staff call to tell me they are ready.  I would highly recommend this place!!
3	Some of the shine has worn off of Smelly Dog. Service is so hit and miss that I would actually rate this between a 3 and 4 now.  Some of the staff is uber friendly, while others are the polar opposite. I have had more than one awkward drop off / pick up resulting from mix ups in appointments. Once I was told that I had called and cancelled the appointment and the groomer had left for the day. I explained that since I lived alone, that it was unlikely that my dog had called and cancelled her own appointment. I've also had wildly inconsistent experiences when attempting to use my "frequent flyer" perks.That said, they still have a nice selection of goodies and the baked treats are tops in the eyes of my pooches.  The self-serve is nice as well since the have the auto-lift features on the tubs.I still recommend this place to people when they ask, I just do so now with a few cautions.
5	These guys do a great job I have always had a good experience with my puppies here. I wish I could be more specific, but the staff is very friendly my puppies are always comfortable when I drop them off here and they do a good job with the grooming, washing, nail clipping, etc. So kudos Smelly dog
5	One caveat: this is the first place I've ever taken my little 2-y/o Cavalier King Charles Spaniel to be groomed, so I don't have a huge basis for comparison. But I am completely happy with Smelly Dog--the facilities, the caring staff, and the service. They were booked weeks in advance but magically were able to accomodate me today (maybe since it's a Sunday, I don't know). Easy to find, very clean, and the staff were all super friendly. They listened to what kind of cut and concerns I had for my little dog. The groomer provided good suggestions about what they should do to ensure, for example, that he won't get foxtails and stiff grass caught in his soft under-ear fur. She repeated back what she was going to do in order to confirm that I was on board. Then when they took my little guy "backstage," he was still nervous and trembling, so the kind receptionist let me go back and pet him and stay with him until he (read: I--let's not kid ourselves) was calm and contented. They called me after two hours to come pick him up. When I arrived, he looked great--clean, fluffy, nicely trimmed--and was playing in the large pen with the other tidied-up beasties. I'm totally happy with how they treated my little dog. You can tell from talking to them that these staff are all dog-lovers, and that's important for this kind of establishment! We will DEFINITELY be back.
4	Unfortunately I'm a crazy dog mom. My dog is very much a part of my family and I kinda treat him like my furry son, but despite all that I HATE washing him. He's 75 pounds of crazy hyper canine and chasing a soapy dog around the yard gets old fast. Thank goodness for Smelly Dog. They wash him, they clean his ears, brush his teeth and clip his nails. I've only had issues with them missing a dew claw twice, but they had me bring him in to address that asap. An added bonus is that they're really nice to him and they even remember him and his weird blow dryer fear no matter how infrequently I bring him in.
4	I really like them! I was a bit worried bc my pup was very matted (thanks to my laziness) but they did a great job! a bit pricey ($57) but I have been to other groomers that are dirt cheap but soo not worth it! You definitely get what you pay for. The staff was super friendly and treated my gigi kindly...definitely will take her back again!
4	I like Smelly Dog a lot. I've used both the self wash and grooming service. The self wash is super easy and a there is always a full stock of supplies on hand and helpful wash-area staff. I've always been satisfied with the grooming of my shih tzu as well - the last groom was outstanding! There is a good selection of dog food, snacks and toys and the staff generally has a good understanding of the quality and ingredients in the brands of food they carry. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the sales are always pretty slow and there seems to be some confusion on customer service priorities - example, on one occasion when I was just trying to buy a bag of dog food (and I was the only one in the store) I waited for about four minutes for the counter sales staff to acknowledge me as I stood right in front of her as she talked on the phone about the comings and goings of the groomer, appointments, and other general, clearly non-emergency issues. When the clerk finally got off the phone she did apologize and then told me she was talking to the owner who wanted an update on the happenings of the store - I think the priority in this case should have been the customer standing in front of her. It would have been wiser to put the owner on hold and ring up a quick sale. It was only four minutes, I know, but it was kind of annoying and made me, a customer, feel like my business was not that important. Overall though, a good local place to get everything pup-related taken care of!
4	Smelly Dog is a staple in CenPho.  I've been taking my dogs here for several years.  Previously, I'd been very happy with the service that I had received.  Like other reviews, I've always gotten great smiling service and my dogs always looked great after grooming and tired as all get out after doggie day care.Recently, I got my little miniature schnauzer and thought "What a wonderful way to exhaust him... i'll take in him in for doggie day care.".  Never having actually looked at the facility where my little guy was going to be staying, I decided to ask for a tour.  Our request was granted (minus a few looks of concern from the staff) and we went back to the day care area.Almost immediately my stomach dropped.  You have to walk outside the storefront to what I can only describe as a converted old garage.  Walking through the gates we were met by a gentleman that reeked of last nights alcohol.  We were not allowed to walk through the facility, rather we were shown what we could see from the gated entrance.  Bleek, boring and not well maintained are the words I can use to describe what we saw.  Zero grass and and old dusty ground is all there was to lay in and they only break out the pool on "special days".  Long story short there just isn't much to stimulate.It is my opinion that a little bit of paint and some minor landscaping (fake astro turf even) and this place would be amazing.  I can only imagine my lack of excitement would be translated into a lackluster experience for my little guy.  Whenever possible I like to patronize local establishments before the big box stores.  Until a little bit of care is invested in the doggie day care facility we will not be back.  I really hope some consideration is given to updating the facility and hiring some more responsible staff for day care because we'd love to come back!!The boutique section and grooming are all great.  I look forward to continuing to use this part of the business.
5	They take great care of my dog for grooms here.  And they also do walk ins for just washes.  They're also one of the only places near downtown where i can buy frozen raw food for my dog.  Thanks Smellydog
5	This place is awesome! I took my dog here for her quarterly grooming appointment. You could tell they care about animals and treated her (she's not fond of baths nor trims) with patience and affection. If you're a pet owner - you can tell right away by the behavior your pet is expressing once you pick them up. Great five-star treatment, excellent customer service, store filled with accessories and gourmet food AND baked doggie biscuits? Gee, even my hair dresser doesn't come close to compare! Highly recommend!
4	I'm so surprised I haven't reviewed this place and thought I would be updating my review. My first two times here were bad experiences but since then we have taken our two dogs several times and I am very happy with the service. I have a long haired dog and a short haired dog and they both come back smelling amazing and so soft. We get them groomed, which isn't cheap but once in a while is fine. We always like picking up cookies for the dogs and right now, they do Thanksgiving dinner for pets. Really cool.
5	My Dog, Kasey, absolutely hates this place.  The Smelly dog staff get him wet and soap him down.  They clean his ears, teeth and cut his nails.  When they finish he smells so good (he thinks he smells disgusting) They brush and trim his fur to make him look like the proper little Pomerania that he is.  Kasey totally ignores the fact that the staff is excellent and treat him like their own.  All this pampering and the cost is very reasonable at around $40 Plus tip.
4	Smelly Dog really has the best prices in town for everything. The day care is affordable (however my dogs have not been there for it). They have inexpensive grooming prices I thought (however I take my dogs elsewhere). But the main thing is that they have the best prices of food that I have found! I also love their merch deals. Like Monday you get $5 off if you spend over a certain amount? This place is a one stop shop for all of your animal needs!
5	Brought my dogs in this morning and had a great experience.  Like the fact that the staff is friendly and didn't have to have an appointment.  I will definitely come back, keep doing a great job.  :)
5	What a great place to wash your dogs yourself. The staff is very helpful. Have been going there for a number of years. We love the wash tubs, easy on your back. Good value !
5	My little Chihuahua gets his mani-pedi here.. we love smelly dog!!!!!
5	andre' LOVES to get spiffed up at smelly dog....of course, it doesn't hurt that the toys are hanging at his level so he can just help himself.  i like that the friendly staff remembers his name when we walk in...he's quite the crowd pleaser, and loves all the attention he generates for himself, which he gets an abundance of by the staff.  we like the punch-card, as well....can't beat freebies once in a while.
4	great place, clean, lots of space for self dog wash, you can rise and lower the tubs, and they are big enough, I have a big dog, you can dry right there in the tub, without having to move your dog like in other places, and reasonably prices, I drive a good distance from Peoria, AZ since I haven't found one like this close by but it is worth it.
4	I brought Willow the pug in for a self clean and nail trim. She wasn't a fan of being tethered to the tub and was pretty afraid of the dryer, but all that aside we had a successful bathing experience. Wash Wednesday is only $10 and we had her nails trimmed for an additional $3. Afterwards we picked out some treats $1-2 each and were assisted in picking out a toy (her new favorite - though it's already on a path to complete destruction). Their food prices are higher than some other local stores, and the average toy price is $10+ but the service was great and she even got a treat for being extra cute. I'll definitely be coming back.
4	They have an awesome shop and clean place.   had to try them out. Heard about this shop before through a friend of mine who goes here and takes her dog. Will see just how good they are when I take my dog moe.
5	Great local dog grooming place thats super affordable and friendly.Just recently started taking my pup Henry here and it was his first experience ever at a groomers with professionals. When I got him back he was completely calm and not nervous or shaking at all which I totally expected from him and it being his first time, but showed that they definitely took good care of him and I could trust them with my little man so of course I went back.Wasn't that expensive either and completely reasonable, especially worth it to avoid mess and hassle of trying to do it yourself and having a ugly as shit dog anyways, so thank goodness these guys made my poor dude handsome again. Think I pay around $50 for a wash, cut, nail trim, shave his inside ears and paws, glands, and teeth brushing= awesome.
5	Great place. Super nice people and loved the self serve aspect of it. We were shown the basics and then allowed to scrub away. My only tiny concern was that the shampoo and conditioner seemed really really really watered down. Might have been good for small pups, but not my big dirty labs. Next time I will bring mine from home. We left fur everywhere and I offered to help clean up but they said that was part of their job. - just for that 5 stars plus!  Thanks so much. See you again after our next camping trip.
1	Today was the icing on the cake.  Aside from posting here I will be contacting the BBB to submit a complaint to them.  I took my dog in on July 1st for a grooming because my other groomer was booked up and a friend recommended Smelly Dog.I dropped Betty off a bit early because the movers were coming to move in my furniture to the new house and I had appointments with the gas company and alarm company.  Her appointment was for noon and they were happy to take her as early as 930 AM.  I was thrilled.  How ever at 3:30PM I had still not heard from them.  So I called to check on Betty.   The response I got was, "we called and left you a message."  No you did'nt because my phone did not ring and I have no messages.  "Well, we did and she is ready."  If that was not bad enough now it gets worse.  At 3:47 when I arrive to pick her up they bring me a dog that looks nothing like Betty.  Although also a Yorkie, the color was different, the dog had been bred, did not respond to her name, etc.  I told them this was not my dog.  The person then informed me it was and handed the dog to me.  I stated this was not my dog and they left me at the counter holding someone elses dog.  Three people returned out and started saying, " I called him from my cell.  I think this is the number."  No one even addressed me or took back this "other" dog.  Finally as they started dialing numbers on of the clerks said, "I am sorry, we asked him three times if it was his dog and he said yes."  So I asked where my dog was and they informed me another customer took her.  It was all I could do not to lose it.  They told me they would call me as soon as they had Betty back.20 minutes later I got a call to pick up my dog.  This time it was the correct dog.  This time they apologized and the owner came out.  She explained to me that in nine years this only happened twice. REALLY?  Once was not enough?  She then generously offered to comp my next visit back in....  WHY ON EARTH WOULD I RETURN?Later that night I found a tick on my dog.  Perhaps that would not have happened had my dog not gone home with a stranger or placed in a pen with some cleaned and yet to be cleaned dogs.Today I recieved a call to confirm my noon appointment...  I WILL NOT BE RETURNING.  I never scheduled a second appointment.  Why would I schedule an appointment on a day I am at work in the middle of the day?  I suspect the other Yorkie may have had an appointment today.  After blowing up on the clerk on the phone, the owner called to remind me that I have a free grooming coming to me...  I dont want it.  You should have not charged me for giving my dog away to someone else.
5	Not my first time here. Make an appointment, very accommodating and nice folks. Sweet to my dog, she is very excited to go and looks great when I pick her up. They have always been prompt in my experience.
5	The only place I have been that has taken Spumoni's tail seriously. I asked for it to be trimmed down and that is what I got. This was my first time here since I didn't like the other groomer we found in the area. This is definitely our new spot plus they have a good selection of natural based dog products, foods and treats.
5	Today was the day of my angel, Mio Angelo's first hair cut and I will be completely honest, I was close to tears dropping him off. The employees brought out the groomer and the groomer showed me what a cocker spaniel hair cut entailed and what I wanted. I let her know my specifications and she let me know she would take extra care to make sure he felt safe. As she eased my fears, she eased Mio's, and he sat on her lap.When Mio came out looking like Brad Pitt I was floored that this was my dog. He looked so handsome and perfect! I was planning on only getting him fully groomed every 6 months but now I'll be coming every 2 months!Thanks Wendy!P.S. The cow Ribbs are a crowd favoriteP.S.S. Yes, Mio Angelo is Italian for my Angel, my dogs name is my angel
5	Went here for the self service dog wash, it was awesome!  Friendly and very helpful service, all natural soaps, brushes, and even aprons (which were very helpful) the tub it's self was very cool because it is on a lift so the tub can actually lower onto ground for the dog to get in,  and they make sure the water temperature is good. We drove all the way from Glendale to go here and it was definitely worth it. After the bath we looked at the treats which were very cute and ended up buying Elk Antlers which were a very good price compared to Petco. We also bought this adorable collar, only $25 and it's great quality and made of leather. I will definitely come here again!  You can tell they really care about not only their human clientele, but the furry clientele as well.
4	Their self serve dog wash is perfect for our great dane german shepherd mix. The tubs have warm water, they supply brushes, towels and shampoo. The best part is the dryer for dogs with a undercoat. The staff is very polite and helpful. They have good prices on natural dog treats and bones.
4	We've had hit and miss here with groomers and them keeping tabs on groomer comments, one visit our dog was great, the next he's been having issues but we weren't told that in previous visits. Love the retail employees, super nice and accommodating. Great selection of stuff and treats. Can be a lil pricier than you chair pet stores, but why not support local owned!
5	New to AZ and was very satisfied with the end result. Our little dog looks great and they were very thorough in communication with me on what I wanted. Lots of great treats and retail to choose from too!! Definitely recommend.
1	THEY CUT MY PUPPY'S EARSI've taken my beagle/poodle mix and my Yorkie puppy to Smelly Dog half a dozen times. I like the vibe of the shop, and the people have been nice. On a trip in October I noticed my dog had a nick- an open little cut on her belly and her whole underside was irritated. My mistake- I brought both dogs in again and paid almost $50 for each dog to be groomed. Later, I noticed both the puppy's ears had SCABS on the very tips, where the hair had been trimmed down to the leather (which I did request). Scabs mean he had been CUT and BLED enough to leave wounds that are still healing 10 days later. This is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE . And I can't imagine the groomer did not notice she had clipped his skin on both ears to the point it BLED! i even tipped the groomer $15, because of course they ask for a tip before they hand over your dog. I emailed the shop and notified them of the cuts and informed them I would be leaving a negative review. They have not reached out to me.  It doesn't matter how nice your shop is if you're going to maim my dog!!
