3	This would have been a 5 star rating. The products are great, the prices are pretty good. Better than others.The problem is the service from the cashiers, they are crabby and treat you with disdain, the last one was the worst. When I finally, fed up, went to complain the man taking the complain was a smart aleck.One thing I hate as a customer is bad service, since I am the one paying their salary.We have stopped eating their pizza, their cheese makes us sick for some reason, it tasted good, and the price is right, but the pain comes right after.To avoid crowds go the earliest you can get in. We usually go at 9:30 on Saturdays, it seems like everyone gets there around 10:15 AM.
4	I went to Costco today to buy some Steaks and Wine. I was very happy to see that they have USDA Prime Steaks! Wow...at Costco...Prime Beef! Outstanding.
3	So why the 3-Stars? Well, I'm not knocking the Customer Service or the product availability, all those were up to par with what you expect at Costco... To compare to the other locations that I've been to, this location has horrible parking and the aisles are enough to trigger the claustrophobia hidden in me. It wouldn't be a big deal if it wasn't a busy as hell Saturday. Most of the clientele is elderly and I feel sorry for them as they are pushing their carts all the way to the boondocks where they parked. I am going to avoid this location unless it's a necessity, I prefer to visit the location in Summerlin.
3	I visit this Costco twice a month, usually. 4 years ago, when we joined, I used to spend LOTS more $$ here than I do now. I feel the product quality since then has gone really down.(clothes, especially) and is actually very junky-looking. Not as good as it used to be. I think that's also due to the fact that when I go, I don't see it looking very organized or clean.  I 95% of the time go on Monday afternoons. Depending on when the newest coupons take effect or expire, the place can be CRAZY busy, or slow.The book selection has gotten worse over the past few years, and the latest redesign of the store lessens the amount they used to carry. BOOOOO! Guess i'll be using Sam's Club for more and more things now.Yes, there are good to great deals to be had there, but not -all- the time. Yes, the $1.50 hotdog combo makes for a tasy and uuber-cheap lunch. Yes, the rotisserie chickens are great, but they seem smaller than before. Yes, the parking lot is one of the 7th layers of Dante's Hell. Yes, contacts are a good buy here, and the glasses/frames are actually quite great! Yes, gas is another good buy here, but a small tip: PURCHASE A GIFT-CARD inside the store, for say...$30. Use that for your gas purchases, instead of your credit card or debit card. Costco (Sam's club, too)  is notorious for holding $$$ on your card, ASIDE from the actual charges for your gas. Once, it was $300 for me! I learned this trick about the gift card, and life's been good ever since.I have a love/hate relationship with Costco. BTW: Old Pennsylvania Dutch eggnog they sell at the holidays is AWESOME and so chock full of booze, you'll be knocked over when you open the bottle. BEST BUY EVER.
4	Great for all your bulky needs!  The best part? THE FOOD COURT! polish sausages, pizza, chicken bakes, soft serve,smoothies each under $4! The only reason for the 4 stars is the fact that not all Costcos carry the same items.*they also have appetizer (samples) spread throughout the warehouse as well.
3	Get me outta here!!!Costco to me means two things: spending tons of dough and going aggo in the aisles.  Why is the hot dog combo so cheap?  Because there is NO WAY anyone can walk out of Costo doing less than 3 digits worth of damage.  The only upside to spending here?  I have enough toilet paper and bottled water on hand in case of a natural disaster.I really do like my Costco membership.  I love buying my steaks here, diapers and baby wipes are cheaper than nearly anywhere else, bottled water and soft drinks are ridiculously cheap and the prices on eggs just cannot be beat.I was going to give this place 4 stars, but after thinking about how painful it is to stand in register lines that are about 10 deep, I got to thinking about the cons.  For instance, the selection of software, books and videos have gone down.  Prices on the meats have increased markedly over the last 11 months.  The wine selection is just not up to par with the Summerlin location.  And. (personal rant coming) why is that people just have to park their carts in the middle of the aisle while they walk away to grab a sample?  Seriously, be considerate people and get outta my way; I've gotta get outta here!
5	best hot dogs ever!!!
3	Costco - I am so torn about you :( I want to just love you but....Ok.Pros:1) Free samples!2) They sell everything - from food to furniture3) Blueberries for only $4.49! My favorite Costco product!4) They have all kinds of yummy goodies - Costco Hotdogs :)Cons:1) They do not take Visa or Mastercard. WHAT? I am soooo confused. They only take debit or American Express. I don't know why this bothers me so much (ok, I get points on my Visa and when you always spend over a hundred dollars I want those points! LOL)2) I still have to stop by other stores to pick up things that you can't get at Costco so its not a one stop shop.Overall its a good place to LOAD up on goodies but remember to leave your Visa behind sistas!
4	Are you broke? If the answer is yes, then come here on the weekends because the sampling stations are like a mini buffet. If you can afford to pay for your food then you are in luck as well because Costco provides everything in bulk and who doesn't love that? Not I, sir, not I. If they were located closer to me then I would give up my Sam's Club membership in a heartbeat and join again. For some reason, Sam's Club has good items sporadically, but Costco is consistent. Make sure to double check expiration dates at the former, because they will sell expired foods. Costco is located over almost every continent and provides a few fares from those specific countries. If you buy a membership in Las Vegas, you are not limited to just here, nor Nevada, or America. You can use it ANYWHERE that has this mecca for gluttony and indulgence. This will sound lame, but when I was homesick, in Korea, I would travel two hours up to Seoul to walk around Costco and pick up my favorite foods. When I came back here I used it with my mom so that she could stock up on groceries. You will never be declined access as long as you pay your membership.Heads up, if you are in South Korea, and happen to go to the cafe, try a bulgogi bake. It is just as deadly as a chicken bake, but Asian style.
3	Since the Costco on MLK closed (now reopened since renovation, but is now dead to me), this has become THE Costco. You know what I'm talking about-the gas station is out of control, parking lot is always full and inside....take a valium before embarking on what is sure to be a PTSD-inducing experience. This is no fault of the staff here though which is for the most part friendly and helpful. Before I begin, take note that Costco takes Amex, Visa and cash. Do not argue with your cashier about this (I've seen people do it before). Costco will take what they take and right now it's Visa and Amex. The problem with this Costco is the Costco Shopper. Don't act like you don't know who I'm talking about. You might be one of them. There's the sample buzzard who stops what they're doing, leaves their cart in the middle of the aisle and sprints towards a freshly cooked tray of potstickers as if it's the first thing they've eaten weeks. There's also the casual shopper who meanders through Costco like they have nowhere to be in the next 15 hours and doesn't care if anyone else does either. So they wheel their cart up the middle of each aisle and you have the misfortune of running into every third aisle.I digress. There are so many types and facets to the Costco shopper that can make a trip for a cookbook or wheel of cheese the size of a tire, a trip that will send you straight to the bar post-shopping. Not to worry, Costco carries wine and liquor, so should you need to restore sanity immediately you have a fine selection of industrial sized, name brand liquors at a good price to choose from. Costco is great for cheap gas, a wide variety of bulk items that are great for large families or singletons like myself who like to save a buck and several trips to the market for things like toilet paper. I like the gas station at Costco because there is a clear order for traffic flow and none of the nonsense line cutting that I've often experienced at regular gas stations. That being said, the lines are LONG. My suggestion is to go on a week day evening right before closing or even on a weekend evening right before closing. Saturday midday? Forget it. You'll be in line for no less than 15 minutes and still be hating life once you get to the pump because let's face it, gas is outrageous. When you go to this Costco, go in the mind set that the lines will be long, the customers will be in various stages of food coma however the prices will be right!
5	I love Costco and I always have.  The only reason I'm reviewing it is because I love it quite a lot.  I'm not sure if I agree with reviewing stores but here I am.  As stated in other reviews the problem with Costco isn't the staff but the shoppers.  Before just letting anybody purchase a membership I think that Costco should have people take a cart-driving test.  If you stop in the middle of an aisle to go get a sample, no membership for you!  People are just plain stupid.  This place is great because of the prices.  I understand that for some people buying in bulk makes no sense.  Just do what I did, get married and get your wife pregnant.  Now I've found the perfect excuse to buy almost everything at Costco!!! I buy a number of things exclusively at Costco but especially Roses and Water.  If I run out of Costco water and need nothing else I will brave a Saturday crowd just to get three cases...of water.
5	Beautiful store with great service. Meat quality and produce are the best. Staff is excellent. Parking is tough though and is always busy. Pizza from there is delicious. Prices and quality are excellent. Lines to get gas are long also. Is 13 cents cheaper per gallon. Costco is far superior to SAMs club in every aspect. Costco is best store to get everything at for everybody.
5	Spoiler alert, I've been a big fan of Costco for a  long time.  I buy almost everything there.  Food, drinks, electronics, outdoor furnature, beer, booze, clothing and I am happy with all of it.  In the days of smartphones and endless internet reviews (just doing my part) and price comparing, Costco is the only place that I never take my phone out of my pocket to check a price.  I can be confidant that whatever product I am looking at, while not always the cheapest brand or model, will be the very best value hands down.  If you are single you may have trouble finding food and other items packaged small enough to suit your needs, but other than that the price really makes the difference.  Also, back to quality for a moment, as more and more Kirkland brand products are released, I am not worried at all about switching to them from my brand name favorites.  Good work Costco.  On a final note, it is the best place, without question, to buy beef.  With a huge selection of Choice and Prime cuts they are half as expensive as my local butcher for the same quality product.
2	This is mainly a critique of the food court.Look, I love the cheap bulk products and the samples in the warehouse. But let's not overlook that when I've already ordered and paid for my pizza, there should be an employee working the pick-up window so I don't have to wait 5 minutes just to find out that I needed the receipt in addition to the pizza tag with my name on it, which forces me to call my mom up when she's already gone out to the parking lot and has to come back in to give me my receipt.Oh, and please also don't ignore the poor 9-year-old child also waiting at the pick-up window, with his two parents standing patiently behind him, even if some woman proactively asks if her pizza is ready. You should be the proactive ones.
5	i really love costco. its much better then sams.
4	Costco deals can be pretty awesome, but I want to talk about their little snack bar. I *always* get the hot dog and soda deal when I come. But today I thought I would step outside the box an try their "Carne Asada Bake". No bueno. I'm going back in my little box and sticking to the yummy hot dogs!
4	I'll admit I go to Costco at least once a week for something. I have been to every one in the LV valley. Depends what I need, and how much time I have. Each locale has it's Pros and Cons.This Henderson locale is definitely the most crowded. Warehouse Staff are nice but busy and hard to find; most cashiers are aloof. Tire Dept guys are excellent.This locale needs some self checkout lanes like they have at  Summerlin.
4	Another Food Court Review:Great way to spend under $5.00 to feed two people. It cost us under $8.00 yesterday because I was hungry and got a third slice of pizza.It can be a long wait to order, for the price though, can't beat it.My main gripe about the pizza is how oily/greasy it is. We usually use at least a dozen napkins to soak up the orange grease on the top and bottom of the pizza. Flavorwise, it is good, not just for cheap pizza. Dominos is cheap and tastes horrible, the Costco pizza is almost always fresh out of the oven, generous amounts of cheese and tasty.
5	I love costco.  One of the only places I've seen where you can get REAL prime steaks.  Great price and great steaks fresh cut.  Threw some prime ribeyes up on the grill and they stood out and stood up against the choice stuff.  Plus I love the unneeded slice on the way out.
3	This is the closest Costco to my house.  I had not been in the last 5 years and back then the place was busy but not packed.  Now it is PACKED!!!  I parked in the lot next to Costco's because it was SO busy!  There was not another space to be had and people were driving around in circles looking for somewhere to park.  I went inside because I wanted to get a new membership.  The line initially looked super long but it was not a bad wait.  I got my new card.  I decided to look around but boy and I glad I did not buy anything.  By the time I got back to the front ALL but two registers were running and eat line had at least 5 customers waiting to be checked out at 3pm!  Wow!  Costco has a lot of nice things to say about it including the people that work there and the cheap eats but the sea of humanity can be tough to stomach.  The best time to go is during the weekday, according to an employee, and to avoid going when new coupons had just been released.  The employee said she thought that was why it seemed to be an extra busy Saturday.   Shop during the weekday if possible to skip the crowds!
4	hey it's costco....try to get out of their for less than a ben franklin. where else can you get a dog and a drink for $1.50.
5	I never pass down an opportunity for a trip to Costco. I love it there. It's quite a liberating experience in itself. Hungry? Awesome food court, fun sampling. Bored? Check out their books/gadgets/random crap. Big party? Don't bother going to walmart, buy in bulk at Costco and save of course. They always have fresh fish, the salmon is thick and tender.The optical department should be checked out as well. I usually bring in my prescription for some snazzy new frames that cost half of what eye doctor chains cost. You'll always leave with treasure/a great deal. I love Costco. It is a must-go. I even drag friends down here when they tell me they've never been.
5	Costco is great.  Is it busy... uh, yeah!!  It's Costco people!  How do you expect to go to a Costco and it NOT be busy??
4	We had a minor glitch with something we bought and took it back to Costco. They heard us out and asked us to contact the company directly. After understanding our problem properly, we were compensated with a full refund. The customer service rep offered to bring the manager to hear us out and the manager, Michael, did exactly that and issued us a refund...leaving us as happy customers and Costco fans!We go to costco specially for some things:big box of blueberrieseggs-24 for 1.89 I think..strawberrieshummustidepapertowelskirkland's green dish detergent-that smells great and lasts forever.sometimes they have yummy deseeded pomegranate at the cheapest price I have seen.I have however noticed that red onions and lemons sold in bags at costco are not always fresh.They also have free samples of some of their products on saturday, but I avoid that time as parking and the check out lines are a nightmare.And if you sign up for the american express costco credit card, you get cash back annually that can be redeemed for cash or cotsco dollars at the costco store.
3	This Costco is nice but not phenomenal.  They parking lot is very oddly designed and seems to be setup to create confusion.  The parking lot is very small compared to other Costco's I've been to and it never seems like anyone knows how to get in and out easily which creates a lot of traffic.  The inside of the store is nice but I'm learning that a lot of stuff Costco has in bulk isn't always cheaper than just buying a lot of the same thing individually.  The people there are nice but not a lot of staff walking around to help with things (I guess that's what makes it Costco and better prices).  The checkout staff always seem fresh and nice but they never seem to ask me anymore if I want my small stuff put in a box, or at least not at this one.  I miss that.   All in all it has a few things I really need but I don't know how much longer I'll keep my membership.  I'm moving to the other side of town to the Summerlin Costco so maybe it'll change my mind.
5	My girlfriend and I go back and forth on which is better... Sams Club or Costco. Needless to say, while there are fewer locations in town compared to Sam's Club, their selection of everything and anything one would need for their home, small business or zombie apocalypse. Personally my favorite parts are the $1.50 hot dog and drink or the uber tasty chicken bakes. One of the little gems hidden in Costco are the watches. They range from run of the mill Seikos to Cartier, Omega and even Patek Philippe. All of these can be had for dirt cheap prices relative to their normal retail values in jewelry stores or even malls.  Hell, they even have decent clothes when your in a pinch and need a dress shirt or board shorts, they have you covered.
5	how can you not love Costco?!! and i am an executive (black card) member! it's just more awesome! lol
4	I'm definitely a Costco fan. It's really great for the stuff you actually need in bulk (TP, paper towels, shampoo, snacks, etc). However, you have to watch yourself in two ways: one, you have to ask yourself if you really need 10 pounds of lasagna, if you can actually use 2 gallons of milk before they expire, if you're still going to love pretzels after eating half of a 5 pound bag. And two, you have to watch the prices! For example, we needed garlic bread. Since we were already at Costco, we went to go grab some. 3 loaves for 8.99. At Walmart, you can buy 1 loaf for about 2 dollars. In this case, Costco was very overpriced! Boyfriend really likes their button-down dress shirts. And the discount on gas is awesome. Just make sure you go in knowing what you really need, how much fridge/freezer/storage space you truly have and the general prices of items when bought at other stores. Don't expect to get out of Costco spending a normal amount of money. Also, if you're trying to prevent your ass from looking like a golfball, do not eat from the food court. Sooo many calories.Oh and one more tip! They accept Visa, MC and Amex, but not Discover.
4	This store is located on Marks which is the street just east of the Galleria Mall in Henderson off the 95 and Galleria exit.Parking is terrible and the parking lot is a mess because this store is always crazy busy.Costco is always has a lot of great products at good prices. I always like getting gift cards here at a discount. They don't have much variety but deals they have are good.Pretty good wine selection and seafood deals.They just announced losing a deal with capital one where members use to get good cd rates and extra bonus. No more special deal yuk. They need more benefits for members.They moved the lines pretty fast considering all the volume of people in lines.They have a Costco gas station but lines are always really long so I wouldn't waste my time for a few cents.All around really good store if you have the time to look and shop.
5	This is the best Costco in town. They have the best quality everything. Buying in bulk is the way to go if you want to save in the long run and this is where I like to do it plus a certain clientele shops at Costco vs Sam's Club. Let's just say a classier crowd.
4	I haven't stepped foot in a Costco in over 10 years until I decided to renew my membership this past weekend. This Costco is always a zoo with a packed to capacity parking lot and on my visit it was packed again. After getting past a rude and clueless person working the front door my wait to get a membership card was short and the service was friendly and fast. With my new card in hand off I went. And as I looked around I immediately started comparing prices. After being a Sams Club member for 29 years it was almost like instinct kicked in. Price wise Costco seemed higher but you have to look at quantities and unit pricing to catch the savings. And Costco on many things is right there with Sams Club on price. I also like the separate produce and dairy coolers, Sams has problems with produce quality. That was not an issue at Costco, I looked carefully and found no problems. In EVERY Las Vegas Sams Club I can find produce problems in under 90 seconds. The more I looked around the more I kinda liked Costco. My tastes are changing and while Sams Club has been very good to me, I'm not too happy with Sams Club / WalMart's corporate business practices. Also Sams club has "stale" product mixes for example in electronics while Costco seemed to have things small businesses can actually use. So while in some cases I may have to pay slightly more for items at Costco, at least my money is not going to Bentonville and to support things I disagree with. I see a lot more visits to Costco in my future. It's time for an upgrade...One last thing. The gas pumps may be the cheapest in town, but there's a hidden cost when you have to wait in a line. This ain't Russia, I don't do lines very well. They need more pumps, simple as that.
5	First things first, this Costco needs to sell popchips! For as busy as it gets here, I still always manage to find parking and a shopping cart, which is a major plus.Also, I don't know if its a Vegas thing for great hospitality but I forgot my Costco card once and the manager was like "Don't sweat it!" Put in her special key and kept going with whatever she was doing. I love that this place does whatever it takes to please the customer, 5 stars!
4	I don't like Costco since Erik Scott was murdered at the one in Sumerlin.  Besides, I don't need to buy in bulk.  But, my wife loves the place and has really turned me on to some of the stuff: sushi, snack mixes, etc.  This one is similar to the one in Summerlin.  Both are super busy and full of pushy customers.  I love to watch people get rude over the free samples.  If you are okay with all that, then it's a great place to get quality stuff at reasonable prices.
4	Sweet and liberal return policy, what else can you ask for?!Well, because you asked ...I will tell you! :)Did you know their electronics have a customer support line in case you have issues? They do because I called. And the were nice and helpful.Did you know they have baby romaine lettuce in their produce section and the romaine is grown hydroponically so it's clean, delicious, and soo cute. I also come here for my bulk size gummy vitamins, naked green monster juice, protein drinks, and soy milk. I get that it's hard to buy bulk and not waste but think about it this way...buying a lot and not wanting to waste forces you to eat healthy and at home (I guess that only works if you buy healthy)Oh yeah, they also have an amazing rotisserie chicken salad in the deli section.
5	My wife bought her new sprint cell from Doug at this Costco.  Doug was so helpful and we got the best deal in town from Costco.  Great Job Costco.
4	I always get sucked into this store! I come here expecting to buy one or two things but than before I know it I have a full shopping cart! This place is the best place to go if you want some free samples. My only complaint is the lines are so long because everyone wants to buy the whole store. other than that its a great place if you want to buy bulk.
2	Rudest. People. Ever. Not the employees - the customers!! I mean seriously, folks - shoving, slamming carts into e/o, cutting people off. Amazing. By the time I got back to my car, I was shaking. Jim almost had to pull me off of one lady - I was ready to take her down. Jesus, it's only a freakin' sample, get over yourself.Not that I would dock stars for the incredibly rude patrons. I'm still a little miffed that this is the second Costco I've gone to (after being sent by the first one) to get a product that they simply do not have. The stocker that we asked was kind enough to check for us (even though this took nearly 1/2 hour, while we waited in the isle being pushed and shoved by others with their brimming carts). Nearly an hour later, we left empty handed. Dread this place more than WalMart.
2	The food is ehh but I eat it when I waiting for my parents semi good food better than the caf. Food in my skyline college cafeteria good semi good quality.
4	We've been Sam's members for a few years now, and on a whim we tried out Costco. We are now believers. Costco has a MUCH  better selection of goods, and a wider variety of items, as well. I've never in my life seen a wholesale club handing out sushi samples until this day - and it was a wonderful day! We are juicers and were able to get a full week's worth of fruits & veggies plus some other household stuff for less than $50!! - plus you get that 2% cash back at the end of the year. Heck yeah.
5	Costco is great but don't go there on Saturday or Sunday. Quality of their products are above par. The cell phone kiosk.convenient, really quick and never had any issue. The food court has a great hot dog and drink combo for $1.50. The dog is cooked in hot water and the buns are steamed. They offer mustard, deli mustard, sweet relish, fresh onions and ketchup.
4	I love Costco!  Sam's Club stinks and you will never get me to convert!  People can be rude, but that is everywhere. The attitude nowadays is move out of my way, I am more important then you. I like to get there right when it opens and get the hell out before they set up the sample stations. You would swear that people come here to eat lunch or something, pushing around their shopping cart with one item so they don't look so obvious. I like that they give out samples but people need to respect the rules of the road and not park their shopping cart right in the middle and then proceed to grab ten samples. Their return policy is awesome!  You can return anything that isn't from the electronics department (abuse of the policy changed this) without a time limit. Unfortunately that translates to a return line that doesn't move while they search their database for the item. This is why I took off one star, it usually takes forever to return something. Do not go on a weekend and do not go on the first day of the coupon book. Your sanity will thank you!
5	This review is for the optical department. They are fantastic!  My son had to get glasses earlier this year and let me tell you their prices are awesome. The eye doctor wanted around $350 for the pair of glasses I picked out. No, they weren't name brand, but they did have transitions lenses. I sat in the parking lot looking for other places that would sell glasses so I called Costco to see if they had kids frames. They have about 20-25 frames, so not a huge selection but they do have some very cute frames, including those super bendy ones. I picked out two pairs and they were running a promo for $25 off if you buy two pairs. Two pairs of glasses(one of them was Guess brand), with transitions lenses, was $279!!!!!!  I thought this was a fantastic deal and will go here from now on. Every time we go to Costco it is no problem getting my sons glasses adjusted. We are working hard to remember to take our glasses off with two hands so hopefully we won't have to get them adjusted as often. The employees are always pleasant and helpful.
5	My husband had his prescription already so we went here for eyeglasses. The nicest lady named Ellie helped us find a great pair of glasses for him. It's the first time he has ever had to wear them and her help was extraordinary. I am going to bring my glasses in now for some new lenses. They had a pretty good selection and great prices. They took our Insurance VSP as well.We picked up the glasses a couple of days letter and they were great. They look good on my husband and he is very happy with them.
5	I love Costco!  Even as a single guy there is plenty of things I can stock-up on and save money off my grocery bill.  I come here to buy things you know you'll go through so paper products, contact solution, tooth paste, etc...Sometimes they even have decent brand named clothes for cheap.  Need a pair of jeans to do work in? They have them for under $15.My membership pays for itself with the free tire rotation you get when you purchase tires from the Costco Tire Center.  You first save money buying tires here, second you save on not paying for rotations and any flat repairs.  Totally makes the sting of the $45 membership fee disappear.You also gotta love the food court, $5 can buy you a stomach ache with $1.50 hot dog combos and giant slices of pizza!The only disadvantages is how crowded this place gets on the weekends and how they change products frequently, so if you like a certain product don't bank on it always being offered.
1	The store is great but it attracts the rudest people in Las Vegas. While walking down an aisle, I got shoved into the display, flipped off, and told to "f" off for walking too far in the middle and this was all said to me by a woman about my age. I wonder if she would have been so rude if I hadn't been alone & she hadn't had two men with her. Honestly, it's been a long time but I was very tempted to grab her by the shirt & teach her some courtesy.
4	Love going to Costco. I don't know if this is in part because I grew up as a "Sam's Club" kid, but the world of Costco, really does fascinate me. Their Kirkland brand really is one of those store brands that are almost always better than the national brand. They have great produce, products, and ready to go items. The only gripe is the masses of people that come here on the weekend. The lines can get a little hectic, and waiting 15 minutes to check out isin't all that uncommon here. I guess I wouldn't expect any less people, from a store where you buy 15 avocados, a Tag Heuer watch, toilet paper, and a year supply of contact solution all in one place. Stef
4	This is a business center Costco i wish The yelp listing would have mentioned that. Many more items than the one in Commerce. I really liked that, the verity of items was amazing from catering to vending. Also a Costco gas station too. It was a convienience to have it just far enough off the strip that it did not take too long to get to it. Aisles were wide and clean I only wish they would have had some pre cut steaks.
5	PURCHASING TOILET PAPER HAS NEVER BEEN THE SAMEOur friends once said that if you needed to know where to find the Yu-go chauffeur and myself. You probably would find us at a Costco somewhere.  And they were not far from the truth.  We first started before 1991 (on my membership card) by shopping at a Price Club and then it became a Costco-Price Club.  This Henderson store in particular was once located across the street where the prior building is now a furniture store for the time being.Amazingly Costco has keep the price of a hot dog/Polish sausage plus soda drink for  just $1.50 since the beginning of time. You can't replicate that deal anywhere in the USA.  Even at that price shameless people continue to find ways to cheat by bringing their recycled beverage cups for refills. It's almost as bad as saving yourself all day to use their restrooms to save water.I got my hot dog fix and my thirty rolls of Kirkland Bath Tissue. Sweet deals for both ends.
5	Surprised by the amount of people here on the weekend. Summerlin gets packed as well but it seems less busy maybe because the people flow better there. Noticed the emplo you ees were very nice even though the people shopping were pretty rude. Grown men and women fighting over samples can get entertaining but annoying as well. props to the employees for not getting sour about the idiots. This costco is a little bigger and has alot of stock. Produce looked great and I had no problem finding everything I needed. Definetly will be back even I have to deal with ignorant shoppers that get there tactics from tourists on the strip.
3	It's costco! Tried Sams for a year, and hated it. Now I'm back. Love the selection.This place is very busy, but the lines moved along nicely. Only problem is the constant nagging to try to get us to pay more for the more expensive membership. I was just about ready to walk out without buying anything. Man was I annoyed. It was all I could do not to go postal in the annoying employees
2	It is so crowded and the prices are high. And if you think that's bad, wait til you go to checkout. They had two lanes open, that's it. Never going back.
4	Costco vs. Sams...   I choose Costco.  I don't know what it is but their store feels cleaner, more organized and priced for better deals.   Costco is about $15 more per year for their membership but I feel I get my money's worth.   The employees here are also more friendly and smiley.   I guess that makes a difference in my book.   Food samples?  I could walk through and just about have enough for lunch with all of the delicious samples they have out.   This last visit samples included french bread, 6 types of cheeses, angus cheeseburgers, soup, Belvita crackers and a few more things.   Yes, I was full after my shopping! Food court experience would only include their ice cream sundae with fruit topping.   Ok.  I know I'm cheap sometimes. But where else can you get a humungous sundae for $1.29? I really couldn't finish a whole one by myself.  I'll share! It's really good too! The checkouts can sometimes get long especially on the weekends but they really seem to move the lines along quick and efficiently.  Love it!So I will probably keep up my membership here unless something drastic would happen here.   Thanks Costco!
3	I actually like wandering around Costco. I don't know why I like having certain things in bulk, but I don't like running out. While this Costco is good and fine in terms of needs, it is the busiest one I've been to. At this point I've been to all four in our valley and prefer Centennial or the business center. Definitely avoid the weekends when possible, or be prepared for your visit to take a little longer.
2	This place was absolutely packed in the middle of a weekday. Parking was a nightmare. Lines inside were ridiculous. I left without buying anything.  I'll stick to the N. Decatur location in the future.
3	This Costco is very nice and it has many lines opened up however it is completely sicko in here. There is only one costco in all of henderson and everybody comes here. Best advice come right when they open.
3	It's okay.I came here with my mom on black Friday...and if she wasn't her age, and I didn't need diapers... I wouldn't have went. Parking ( like always) was a freaking disaster. People come out of no where, and just leave their carts where ever they feel the need to dump them..... No employee ( in the good 45 minutes that we were there) had done a cart run. Staff was decent.
4	If you're gonna be in Vegas for a while you should stock up on some water bottles, snacks, and alcohol. it's your regular old Costco here. The workers were helpful when we had some questions. Easy peasy shopping here. Don't forget to grab a snack from the food stand while you're here. My only issue is their returns line. It's a little silly that the line goes through the little door.
1	Super fail! We're visiting my brother in law who lives out here and we come to Costco to pick a few things up. First off, their employees are super incompetent!. 2 employees were standing in the middle if a crowded busy walkway having a conversation that was not work related. We had to say excuse me for them to finally get the hint to move out of the way. They did, but with no urgency. I needed help finding baby formula so I asked. He directed me to the back of the store. Went there and no baby formula. Asked someone else and they directed me back to the front of the store (where I started at in the first place) finally found it. We waited in line to pay. The cashier had a smug look on her face the while time. There was no customer service whatsoever. After she finished scanning everything she tells us the total. We said, we would like to order food from the food court. We gave our order and then she gives us this stupid look and says we don't take food orders here. Then you should've said something sooner! Gosh! It makes me appreciate the Costco we have at home. The employees are all so nice and accommodating. Unlike here. Worst Costco experience ever. They get 1 star because I can't give anything less.
5	Costco is getting even better. They are now offering more Organic fruits and veggies and GMO free products. A great big coconut oil at a great price. Also, I have scored some cute baby clothes here. The return policy here is very fair, much like Nordstroms.  It makes shopping here relaxing!
1	Would award 0 stars if possible to the optical department.  No idea of what they are doing.  They do not have any regards for the customers.  Go someplace else
5	The Costco brand is synonymous with GREAT value. This store upholds the very high standards set at most Costco stores around the country.Pros:-It's Costco. You can buy with confidence knowing that they will stand behind their merchandise.- Very friendly and helpful staff(Very Minor) Con:- As with all Costcos, inventory is sporadic. An item may be here today, but may never be seen again. Not the worst problem to have, I guess.
5	Ah the promised land... people who aren't leaving five star reviews must have walked into a Sam's Club.Like all Costco's this location is massive and yes finding parking can be a challenge in itself but its worth it. What makes Costco great are their products and service. Everything sold here is an outstanding product, researched by the Costco retail division and offered at great prices. The prices on alcohol are outstanding. $40 for a 1.75L bottle of Grey Goose? $20 for 1.5L bottle of Captain? Sign me up. All of their electronics come with an extra one year extended warranty and a 90 day return policy. What makes it even better? The return policy. Other than electronics, you pretty much return anything anytime you want. You don't even need a receipt as everything you buy is logged an registered in their database. My friend once returned a year old half eaten box of fish sticks.  Costco can do no wrong.Come in before 4pm you can raid their free sample stations. The food court here features some of the cheapest eats in town.  $2 for a slice of pizza, $1.50 for a hot dog and soda. The employees here really go out their way to help you and the stores seem consistently cleaner and more organized than Sam's Club. Keep in mind the only credit card they accept is AMEX but you can use your debit card as well.
3	I am updating this review because I am now a member of Costco, not just a tag along.I got my membership for Christmas, and I like it so far.Be prepared for it to kind of have a "mall" theme.... Like the people at the kiosks who always want to ask you to see your hand, or how you do your hair.....Shortly after I walked in I was asked who my TV programming was through. Like, guy, I just want to get my stuff and get out of here. I don't need to be sold DirecTv, or a have a new phone, or have a new AC unit put in. Their Kirkland diapers are some of the best that my family and I have ever had (for my 1 year old) and they have decent quantities of produce, some even organic... Comes in handy, I make my own baby food, and my daughter can go through a full 2 liter blender in a day, so needless to say, she gobbles up produce!They also have a laundry detergent there that is all natural, called Boulder. It has this wonderful citrus scent, and cleans my clothes well. A jug that can do over 200 loads is $14. I'll take it.They do also have fresh baked breads, a large liquor space, and home goods, along with clothing, panties, shoes, etc.The prices are decent. There are some things that I can not imagine buying in bulk, but what other people buy is none of my business.That leaves me to my next topic. The people. OMG. The crowds that come here. The isles are not even big enough to handle it. Especially when there are samples being given out. No one likes to go to the samples, take one, and keep walking. They mingle there, and it's not like they are even speaking to the employee about the product... It just makes me want to sing that Ludacris song "MOVE, Get out the way". And the check out lines. Yowza. This makes the wait at the DMV look like nothing....Okay, so maybe not DMV bad, but pretty close. And everyone gets all hot and bothered about waiting in line, and everyone's trying to get around everyone else and their huge overstuffed carts. It makes it even more sucky when the checkout lines make it to the length of the isles, and it bottle necks and completely stops customer flow.Staff is decent when checking out though......Flustered, but nice.And if waiting in the lines to check out isn't confusing/frustrating enough, just wait trying to get out of there. It seems as if there are always people who have to stop in the middle of the pathway, and check their freaking receipt. Or text, or pick their nose. Combine that with the people trying to eat at the cafe thing, and you have another escape disaster on your hands.I do wish that they had their own parking/speed/stop sign enforcement though. There are too many bad/simply DO NOT CARE drivers in one spot. Going 40 miles an hour in a parking lot? Not cool. Mix the bad drivers, with the carts all over the place, and people trying to get to their cars/unload. Is an issue. Enough of my traffic safety rant....Bottom line, they have good products, and good prices. I like their selection more than Sam's Club.
1	Pharmacy staff is rude and has poor customer service. They wasted my time by misadvising me twice and costing me gas and time. Back to walgreens where you're treated like a person!
4	Is there anything that Costco doesn't sell? It's hard to find something they don't. I can easily spend hours here wandering up and down each aisle. But then, the crowd starts to get to me. And all I want to do is grab some necessities and get out fast. So yeah, it's a great store that can help you save some dough. But it's also a popular spot that can get so SO super crowded. The upside is that the staff are great - super efficient and friendly. The checkout lines move rather quickly, so don't let the insanely long lines scare you off. And Costoc has great hot dogs. For just a $1.50 you can get a hot dog and a soda. And since that constitutes a meal for me, I can definitely grab a super cheap lunch here. This particular location is good - ok sized parking lot, good sized store, and pretty much everything you would find at any other Costco location.
4	I am so happy Costco carries Oi-Ocha which is unsweetened Japanese greentea!  But I am wondering they dont have any more Bud Light.
3	Costco is located in a good location. There is a best buy, target near by and the galleria mall behind it. You can technically get anything you need within 1 mile radius. Costcos in Las Vegas/Henderson area are very far and few in-between, so expect to see a huge crowd on weekend. This parking is always crowded on Saturday. The lines are ridiculously long on weekends too. The is less busy during the weekdays. You will need $50/year membership to shop at this location and its not that bad if you are feeding a big family. Prices on big package items are pretty cheap compared to grocery stores and food is always fresh. Only issues is that I wish they were open on Sunday and I wish they had more healthy options for food. Overall, its a good place to shop for food and gas (which is $0.10 cheap), but the crowded store is always a hassle to go to.
4	Love Costco always, ...but if you happen to be in the this location, get your F words ready.  This place is always really really really crowed, people are rude, and swearing at each other.    Long lines seem to move pretty quickly but get ready for a wait.  Shelves are stocked well considering how many people are shopping.  Love the Hot Dogs but recently they changed from Coke to Lysol Water (Pepsi) so they ruined a good lunch!   Tables are never clean and the condiment/drink area is always dirty.  They let way too many people in there at one time.  They need to regulate in and out customers or open another location.  Since this serves Henderson, Green Valley and part of Las Vegas they definitely need another centrally located store to serve the people in this area.  The last several trips I have had problems at the check out with the box person, that helps the cashier.  They have made nasty remarks about large items left in the cart, well yes I do want to leave that large thing in my cart that won't fit on the belt anyway....and whining about wanting to use my own "bags" for cold foods.  the box person WILL NOT use your bags that you bring in, so don't try that, it just confused them and then they refused to help the cashier at all, I ended up putting my own groceries back in my cart.    Luckily on that trip I happen to catch the manager at the front of the store, and we had a nice discussion about an attitude adjustment for that particular young lady.  Their box people need to remember that I am the customer, and they need to make my life as easy as possible since I have been waiting in line for some time, I am not there to make their life any harder, but they shouldn't make mine hard either.
3	I love costco and I would give the company 5 stars but the people here at the specific store tend to be a little rude. I've been there several times and haven't had the friendliest experience.  Plus the parking is a nightmare. Costco members here are extremely rude and terrible drivers. Avoid parking close by if possible
4	Still hate the other shoppers here, but after letting our membership lapse and joining Sam's Club, we're back at Costco with smiles on our faces. Boy can you see the Walmart mentality there. They really don't have better prices, and their pet food selection sucks. We found ourselves reupping our membership here within a few months. Samples are plentiful and you can't beat the meat and dairy prices. I've had bad luck with produce here,  so I get that and gluten free bread at Trader Joe's. Now, I know I'll get blasted out of the water for saying this, but there is a particular type of sample shark that is really going to cause me to snap. If I get shoved, elbowed, stepped on, run over with a shopping cart, or plowed into one more time by another older Asian man, I'm going to shoulder in like a linebacker and take him out. I outweigh you by 100 pounds, grandpa, I will do some damage. And don't pretend you don't speak English, I saw your reaction to the words "bagel pizza" from the other side of the store.
3	I LOVE COSTCO!Costco has been consistent since I was small enough to sit in a shopping cart.  We always eat!  Everything is always satisfying.  From the hot dog, polish dog, Caesar salad, combo pizza, mocha freeze, latte freeze, berry smoothie we ordered it all!  It has tasted the same for years. Sampling the items is always awesome. I am always happy with the quality of meat. I like the pastries and wine selection.  THE SHOPPERS HERE ARE AWEFUL. starting in the parking lot all the way to the check out lines.  No patience, no manners, inconsiderate. It's costco, it's not that serious relax.
4	I love Costco for the savings but they need to build another warehouse, maybe in the Spring Mountain or Blue Diamond area. This store is always so crowded. Of course for some reason people have to stop in the middle of the aisles instead of to the side so getting around is frustrating. And parking is a nightmare. I just go straight to the parking spots by the gas station and make the hike to the store. It's quicker than trying to find a spot closer to the store. That being said, I've always had great service here. The cashiers are friendly and fast and the Member Services people have always been pleasant. I'm there once a week and have never had any problems with the service. Just with other shoppers.
5	This is a members only store. When it comes to buying in bulk, this is the place to shop and the membership fee is worth it with all the savings. Their products varies from home goods, outdoor hobbies, and food of course. They have a wide selection of good quality meat, fruits, and snacks in a reasonable price. Usually, they have samplers but not on weekdays. And with all the great deals, expect a line in the checkout line. Also, if you're in the mood to eat, their concession is cheap. For instance, a hotdog and soda is 1.50$.
5	A phenomenal company wish all the other companies would follow them as a role model amazing staff well organize very speedy no worlds to describe the quality of service they provide
1	I have been member in the past however after getting into a car accident in their jam packed parking lot I decided the membership wasnt worth the hassle. Fast forward several years to now after calling Costco said you did not have to be a member to have your glasses done there. I drove all the way to Henderson braved the still crazy hard to park very dangerous parking lot only to go inside and be told that yes you do have to be a member. I don't know what the problem was but Costco sucks
3	Love costco don't like the Henderson location. It is always busy and they never have enough lines open. I figured coming in the middle of the day and week I'd be golden I guess everyone else had the same idea.   I won't come back here any time soon.
4	Yes, yes, yesI am so happy I was recommended this placeIt is a lot cheaper and I can always find good deals
2	Food court review only.Nothing has changed in three years at the most pathetic pick up window in the world. The employees continue to ignore you even though you've waited in the ordering line, waited 20+ minutes for a pizza, and are continuing to wait because the employees at the front have tunnel vision and the employees in the back are screwing around.I was perhaps 3rd in the pick-up line, and it still felt like it took almost 10 minutes to get my pizza. They were ignoring people in front of me to use the pick-up window instead as a staging area for people who had just ordered. They let a woman cut in line in front of me instead of asking her to wait her turn because they could not care less about keeping track of the pick-up line, which had built to 5 or 6 people deep by the time I finally got my pizza.The pizza was good as usual. The service makes me want to hurl and is not worthy of a business that prides itself on taking care of their members.
4	Always a good vibe when coming here. People who work check out are very friendly and helpful. Also, everyone is very knowledgeable about what's in stock.
5	Costco Optical is fabulous! The ladies and men are pleasant and helpful. They allowed for more cost coverage for my glasses from my insurance than Walmart. Krystal was kind enough to call back my insurance co when the rep wasn't helpful but nasty to me. She was able to speak with someone else who knew what to do. My daughters contact order took one day. The cost to purchase contacts is much lower than Walmart. I'm pleased with the glasses and contacts.
4	I'm a big Costco fan but this location is insane!  Far too busy compared to others I've been to all over the southwest, including the other Vegas locations.  My strategy, I'm in line thirty minutes before opening or I go an hour before they close.  Costco needs to open a  blue diamond / mtn edge location to ease congestion here.
2	The wait in the eye glass department is terribly long. The ladies seem nice, which will make all the different in the world. There is only one wow man working. The other one is doing paper work.  This is not ok. There are 9 elderly people waiting and myself-! COSTCO EYE DEPARTMENT GET IT TOGETHER!!! Please!!!!
3	Great for cheap gas and a cheap meal, when the food court is open. Costco is always great if you buy in bulk or for some great deals on electronics and such. All these things are great but this place gets too crowded. If you go at noon or on the weekend you're screwed and will be waiting in one of the huge lines.
1	It's 10:16 am they just opened... The check out lines are long- elderly people scrambling to find a place to stand in a busy, unorganized Costco mess... Seriously management must awaken to a better effective way to care for their patrons.
2	After reading some of the reviews, I noticed most reviews mention the RUDE people who shop here!!!  This is the WORST store I have ever been to, where the people are VERY RUDE!!  I stopped going here on Saturdays and Sundays.  Almost got into fights with some of the worst people!!!  They should hire a security guard at this store!!!!  Oh I know, they won't do it, until one day, you are gonna hear about an incident or a fight at their store on the news, and THEN Costco will consider their customers safety and hire one!!  But unti then, NOTHING WILL CHANGE!!!  Its best to go near closing time, by then most of the rude people are home feeding their GREEDY faces!!!!
1	I WAS excited to join Costco for the first time BUT my initial interaction with Member Services was NOT a pleasant one. Sandy was very snobby and rude. We handed her our LivingSocial voucher and she looked at it with a confused face. I then said "it's a LivingSocial voucher" she interrupted and said "I KNOW WHAT IT IS!" She was unpleasant and seemingly annoyed. After we got our picture taken, she hands the card and walks away... Without even verifying the spelling on the card, which was wrong. Currently waiting in line to ask someone else to help us fix it bc SANDY just walked away and left us hanging.... Talk about bad Customer Service... I hope my future experiences will be better. I hope I can update this review for more  stars but right now I'm low on hope.
4	This Costco is just like any other Costco. However one thing that really sets it apart from the rest are the sample sizes. They are very generous with their proportions, as can be seen by my picture. The facilities are clean, and the workers are friendly. Not much else to add since it's pretty typical of Costco.
5	Tried to go shopping on a Saturday around noon. It was PACKED!!! I'm a regular Costco shopper, and I do not remember seeing lines this long on an October Saturday.  The gas station was also PACKED!!! I mention this in the hope that Costco will seriously consider opening another warehouse here in the Vegas valley--because the demand is obviously there. People know...Costco has GREAT value, and because they pay their workers a decent wage, I have always found the workers there to be very helpful and professional. Opening a new one either in East Las Vegas or in the Southwest would be really helpful.
3	I've always liked our Henderson Costco, however this past week I was in Irvine, Calif and went to their Costco. What a difference!!!  Their clothing sizes were in stacks by size, not all mixed together like ours having to dig, them piles fall over onto the floor. Which made looking at their clothes much more enjoyable there. Overall the Irvine Costco was much cleaner and and their checkout area where lines are formed was not all cramped because of so many aisles of products so close to check out that getting in line is a a bigger hassle than anything. I'm not complaining about lines, there no room for the lines. Hope someone from the Henderson store will read this and check out Irvine's Costco.
5	If you don't love Costco, I would consider it a personal problem.  Seriously, if you want the best quality items for the lowest prices, shop here.  That's all...if you're looking for something else, go somewhere else, like Walmart or something.If I have not much else to do I enjoy going to Costco "just because", and somehow manage to find hundreds of dollars of stuff I didn't even know I needed :-)The food court...what can be said.  It is so far away the best value in prepared food, nothing else is even close...nothing.  Oh and it's delicious too.It would be nice if they would open a second store in the Henderson, NV area, because the singular thing I don't like about our Costco is the fact it is ALWAYS crowded.  That actually is kind of a drag, but I just write it off as a price to be paid.  If there was a less crowded true alternative, I'm sure I would seriously consider it, but simply put, there isn't.
5	Visiting Vegas and went to COSTCO. (Were life timers).The floor layout was a little different and the Bill O'Riley book "Killing Patton" was $1.00 cheaper here!?!?!?!?.  Products were the same and lots of free samples.
2	Love everything but wish they had more people able to help you find things at the store
1	Angelica R was extremely rude when my partner and I went to go pay. I understand that it was his card that we were using, but him and I are a committed couple of 4 years and I decided I wanted to pay a part of the total using my debit card. As I proceeded to try and use my card she raised her voice at me with a belittling attitude and yelled that he HAD to pay because he had the member card. Like I said I do understand that if that were the case, but she did not have to continue to be obnoxiously rude with her hands folded and rolling her eyes constantly at me. I usually go to SAMs club, but my partner suggested Costco. I am very disappointed in the way she interacted with me and hope she does not encounter a customer that will actually report her to a manager.
3	This is pretty much a standard costco. The cashiers move as quickly as they can and are neutral. The people working at the membership desk have always been helpful and friendly to me. The store is clean and bright. This location would really be improved by having wider aisles to accommodate the large carts, as well as a better-organized area for queuing up to pay. //begin rant about this particular location that isn't actually the business's fault//Just thinking about coming to this Costco location is stressing me out. As a student, I am lucky to have the flexibility to try to come here at different times - weekend mornings, weekday afternoons, whenever - it doesn't matter. This place is always packed. There's never anywhere to park, and the patrons here seem to think that people turning have right-of-way over people going straight, and that the safest place to walk through the parking lot is right down the middle of the street. And they drive their shopping carts the same way they drive their cars. I tend to only ever buy one item at a time so I can avoid having to use a cart / can be more maneuverable, but even so, it's impossible to get around at any time of day. I don't know if people are rude or daft, entitled or oblivious, or what. Never, ever come here thinking you are safe from crowds because it is what should be an off time for shopping.
1	It's so ridiculous that a big company like Costco doesn't take credit cards unless it's American Express. Never again am I shopping at Costco. Fuck the bullshit
5	As always, my favorite place to do my food and household goods shopping. Cashiers are so quick that even long lines move swiftly.
4	I'll start by saying me and my husband got a gift card for a membership for Christmas.We went today to get our card and the lady who helped us was awesome!! Even let my husband put a funny nickname on the card. We are at the little shack they have and wow was it fast and delicious and CHEAP!! We both had full meals for $10 all together. Did not feel like shopping tonight but we wondered around and overall I don't think I'll be shopping a lot there. It's called "wholesale" but you are not paying wholesale at all.. Your paying bulk prices, aka not much cheaper than buying from Walmart. Either way it's a wonderful store, not sure I'll renew my membership tho.. Only because I don't buy in bulk a lot and don't enjoy store hopping.
