3	If you must dine on chain Chinese, you could do worse in Las Vegas. Then again, you could probably also do a whole lot better.
2	I like chinese food. Why is it that I can't like this place?
2	This place just doesn't do it for me.  The food isn't bad, but it's definitely forgettable.  I just don't like being there, either.
5	It may have just been the days of drinking, but this midnight Chinese food was the best ever!
5	It's Saturday night, 10:30pm, we just got out of a show and we're totally hungry and utterly dehydrated.  Both of these facts make perfect sense.  We're hungry since we haven't eaten in the last 12 hours.  We're extremely dehydrated because all we've ingested over the same 12 hours are cocktails, martinis, ketel one with diet rockstar, basically all kinds of chemicals that make you feel drunk and/or wired, but most certainly do not replenish the water content of your body at the cellular level.   Since we're staying at the Aladdin, we decide to eat at P.F. Chang's as it's convenient and always good.The wait for a table is 45 minutes so we opt to eat at the bar instead.  The bartender, Peter, and his assistant both totally rock and do a stellar job with impeccable service.  We start with drinks as I get yet another martini and my wife gets a pear mojito.  Before I ingest a drop of alcohol, though, I ask for a glass of ice water.  I then proceed to drink 7 glasses of water within the next 10 minutes before even touching my martini.  Clearly my basic bodily function have decided that my brain is too fucked up to make the right choice and the cells in my body decide that they need to unite against this tyrant who keeps feeding them alcohol instead of pure and rejuvenating water.   Thankfully, I'm not that stupid that I would fight such a primal urge, so I drink glass after glass after glass of H2O.   Although I get a quizzical look from the assistant behind the bar, she's happy to oblige and brings me glass after glass as fast as I drink them.We got the crab wontons and the Peking potstickers as appetizers.  I then had the Dan Dan Noodles and my wife had the crispy orange beef.   The best, said she, crispy orange beef she has ever had the pleasure to eat at P.F. Chang's.   Now we've been to Woodland Hills, San Diego, Thousand Oaks, Walnut Creek, and Emeryville locations, so we're not newbies.   Still, by far, she said this dish shined far above any other she has ever had.  I had the Dan Dan noodles, which were quite good and had a good spicy kick to 'em.   I gotta say though that after the 8 or 9 glasses of water that I drank and the crab wontons that I chomped on, I wasn't all that hungry at that point.  My eyes glazed over which typically means that I'll be snoring away within the next 15 minutes.   We took this as our cue to head back to the room for some well deserved sleep.
4	I'm not a super big fan of P.F. Chang's in general and would give 3.5 stars if I could, but I'll go with 4 this time. This location had some of the FRIENDLIEST, most helpful servers ever. We had a party of 22 and received NO attitude from the staff. We had a private room upstairs and were given the choice of 5 set menus OR ordering individually. (most restaurants wouldn't give the choice...it would be the set menu 4 sho for a group that large) They obviously wanted to keep us boozed up cuz they were amazing at the drink service. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the drinks were only $5.50 a piece....and were poured heavy. Nice! The food was AMPLE, with about 10 different plates to choose from. Even though the food was served "family style" they provided every section of the big-ass table with their own plate of each dish. For about 10 dishes it was approx $29 per person....not including drinks, tax & gratuity of course. (It ended up being $47 a person) We even had control of the music level....which was turned all the way down due to the crappiness of the music. (Maroon 5, Jennifer Lopez, Matchbox 20...typical Star 98.7 shiz) This place is great for a big party...or if you crave mediocre chinese food at 12am. (they're open until 1am on wknds)(fyi, it's located in the "Planet Hollywood Hotel"....formerly the "Aladin Hotel")
2	A haiku, Ode to the Chang:Waitress, bring me riceCheap utilitarian Wrong dish, take it back
5	I gave this place five stars because the price was great.  We got away with an excellent meal for only $25 each and that included a drink.  I thought this was pretty good for Vegas.The food was very good, and there was a ridiculously large amount of it, so nobody went hungry.The server was great, we had a reservation and got seated early, even on a Saturday night.All in all, much better than some of the places I've been to in Vegas.
4	I was in Vegas this past weekend for my cousin's Bachelorette Party and to thank us for coming, she treated us out to dinner at PF Chang's inside the Planet Hollywood. I already like PF Chang's to begin with, especially their sea bass (yum!!!), but I have to commend the staff at this location. They were all friendly and nice, especially the main guy helping us. Unfortunately, I don't remember his name (c'mon I was in Vegas! probably wasted already)--asian guy with glasses. And because, it took longer for them to seat us even with our reservation, they made it up us by comping us a couple of appetizers--chicken wraps! All in all, it was a great experience at the restaurant and a nice way to start the evening of debauchery!
3	For those who demand their Chinese authentic get some mao tai and a book of Li Po's poetry and drink with the moon and your shadow. For those who don't, have a nice Japanese Sapporo with your mixed Asian grille style. No complaints by me, this is pretty good fare for the weak of auricle and ventricle when it comes to Chinese. If I needed an MSG hit and couldn't find a good Cantonese place, this would do. Its like when you hit a city you don't know after riding cross country next to sweaty pock faced woman in gray sweats that say (ARMY) on them and suffer under her wheezing, sighing, and sneezing, not to mention guffawing at a People magazine. You need a safe home to eat dinner, some safe, relatively hygenic food. So you hit the Irish pub and rinse old scabface out of your mind with a few pints of Guinness and a shepherd's pie. PF Chang is sort of upscale comfort food.
4	went here with a group of 4, we ordered the lettuce wraps (yummm!!) but watch out for the spicy mustard, it's pretty hot. plus we each ordered our own entree. big mistake, there was soo much food leftover we would've been fine ordering just 2-3. (they serve each entree on a serving plate and everyone can eat from it) overall a good place to go as long as it's not too busy.
4	Great Chinese on a budget.  I prefer the higher end places like Pearl at the MGM, but PF Chang's can always be counted on for a good meal.  In any city, you can count on quality meals here.  The thing that stands out to me about PF Chang's is that they use very high end ingredients for a chain restaurant.  The menu lacks imagination, but the ingredients make up for it.
1	After finishing my junk meal I walked 50 feet and lost $200 at a craps table.  That was more fun than eating at PF Changs.  I wouldn't eat here again for all the tea in China.
1	Thank goodness this meal was paid for with the expense account because it was basically a sit down Panda Express with fancy cocktails. You know that taste you get in your mouth when you've eaten too much sweets... yeah, expect to get that after dinner here.
3	Ah,  P.F. Chang...I once knew a Chang, but that was a long time ago, and in Borneo, and she wasn't so loud...This, however, is far, far away from there.The food is wonderful, the drinks are also good, but, jeez, do something to make it quieter. We've been here a few times, and it keeps getting louder, and the one in Pasadena is following suit.Anyway, a good spot to eat, if the waiter can hear you.
2	I didn't know Panda Express served food in porcelain plates.
4	After Planet Dailies and Trader Vic's, I was soooooo happy to land at P F Chang's.  Good food, pretty good service, resonable prices.  Only a few minor negatives, but I much preferred P F Chang's.
2	Am i the only one for whom P.F. Chang's was ruined by one or more episodes of 'South Park'?  Actually, i'd never eaten at one until a recent trip to Vegas.  But all i could think of as i ate some chicken that attempted to make up for its lack of taste with absurdly unnecessary spiciness was what my couric output would be.  Disappointing in every regard.
2	My DH and I love PF Chang's! We got to the one in San Diego as well as visit any locations in cities we are visiting. We were excited to learn that there was a PF Chang's in the hotel we were staying!! I made reservations for Friday night (HIGHLY recommend reservations for the weekends)! The service was great as was their Pear Mojito, but the food was just okay. It didn't have the usual good flavor and only seemed to be luke warm. Also the garlic noodles were really on the rubbery side. I have to say we were pretty disappointed!
4	I've only been to PF Changs a few times, and try to support local businesses whenever possible. However, being vegan, in Vegas...my choices were a bit limited, so I ended up eating here twice.No wonder this place is one of PETA's top 5 Veg-Friendly Chains! Both times I was there, the servers were extremely knowledgeable about what menu items were options for me, and tweaked items to make them vegan. As previous reviewer said, there is no price mark-up here, which was a nice surprise. If you're vegan, or visiting Vegas with someone who is, put PF Changs on your list of food options.
3	Interior:98/10, Food: 8/10, Service: 7/10.Came here during a major convention in Vegas so of course this place was packed.Service was lacking due to the dinner rush. Seemed like they wanted to seat you, feed you, get you out for the next group waiting to be seated.Typical PF Chang food that's consistent with all the other locations.Would I go back? Probably not. Too many better restaurants in LV to try out.
4	Never heard of this place until a friend suggested we try it. I liked it. But make sure you make a reservation (call in early afternoon for an evening reservation) and still expect to wait 15 - 30 mins when you arrive (they always tell people 10 mins but it takes about 30 mins - just go outside and people watch). I ordered off the Gluten free menu and the food was fantastic.  Service was friendly. It's not expensive which in Vegas is a rare find and why I give it 4 stars (for value).
1	Okay last November me and my friends were in Vegas and we stayed at Imperial. We haven't been down the strip much yet so we decided to walk and tour the scrip and ended at PH. I really like PH and see a lot of younger crowds than other places. But anyways we were getting hungry so we though since we're here we can get PF Chang. So we went to PF Chang and had to wait about an hour before we got a table. The place is pretty nice with it's design and look very modern. There's an upstairs but I don't know if you're able to eat up there? Looks nice though.Okay so we got a table and we decided to start off with Dumpling since the Dumpling I had at another PF Chang was really good. Also we ordered Hot & Sour soup. The dumpling turn out to be average and the soup tasted like...nothing. After we finish with that, I was hoping the food would be better because we're hungry. We ordered Pepper Steak, and Chicken with black bean sauce. Okay so the food came out, we were hungry and began to eat. Then, we all looked at each other like wtf? The Pepper Steak has no flavor at all, and the only flavor was the taste those small black pepper that's you're chewing on. The chicken was bad, but it's not as close as the Pepper Steak. Chicken doesn't have much flavor at all but at least it's more edible. I can't believe they're in business, I swear this is the worst Chinese Food I'd ever ate. I've ate at PF Chang a few times before and it was decent so they either need a new chef or something because all of the food suck. You ever get that feeling after eating like not being satisfied and wondering if you even ate at all? That's how I felt leaving there like damn, I'm not satisfied and I'm not full. I would give it 2 stars because the place look nice and server was decent but the food is that bad I'm sorry.
4	Went here twice when vacationing in Las Vegas since I had a gift card here and it was conveniently located near Hard Rock Hotel. ATMOSPHERE: Clean, dim. Like other PF's I've been to. They stay pretty busy so it was crowded but not packed each time. FOOD: Even has a vegetarian section!  However, none of the soups are vegetarian as the broths are made from meat or the soup has meat in them. Here's what I had:1. Buddha's Feast - sounds like something filling BUT all this is is steamed veggies, tofu, and mushroom. Doesn't even have a sauce with it..... I guess I didn't read the menu description carefully. At least I had a sauce from the sauces they give with every meal and got to experiemnt some with it.  Definitely a good healthy choice but I can get steamed whatever anywhere even a cheap chinese place. 2. Asparagus side dish - with onion. Very good! A hint of spiciness and grilled almost to be crispy at edges. I really liked the spice on it. I wish they added a little less oil though. I wish they had this as a veggie entree mixed with tofu! I would definitely get it. PRICES: Expensive for what you get. Nothing impressive really. Portions are just right. I finished my entire entree which rarely happens. SERVICE: Even when not busy there was always a wait to be seated...both times! After being seated the service was pretty prompt and efficient. LOCATION: Miracle Mile shopping center - enter directly through the Planet Hollywood casino. Patio facing the strip.CONCLUSION: Okay, average food.... would go elsewhere in Vegas next time because I just want to try other places.
5	Came here on a Vegas trip back in late 2007 and the food was really, really good.  The sauces that they mix at the table is pretty cool and the food was just excellent.This was the first PF Changs Restaurant I'd ever been to and since then I have been back twice to the local one here in Houston.The staff was friendly and nice.  Couldn't be happier with this place.
2	Don't even know where to start with this place. Service isn't usually something that bothers me that much, I feel like the ambiance and the food are the most important factors. In this case, I just couldn't ignore the service (or lack there of). To begin, we had a reservation and still had to wait for a table (understandable, but still). We are finally seated, given menus, and order our drinks and the lettuce wraps since we know already we are going to want that. At this point we hadn't ordered our main dishes yet. So we browse the menu, and decide what we will have as main dish. Our waiter however, is no where to be seen. In fact, we couldn't even flag down another server to call our server. We wait and wait and wait, and he finally appears with our drinks. We order our main dishes, and one of the girls in our group asks for sugar. He leaves, and nothing. No sugar. He comes back a long time later with our lettuce wraps and when my friend asks again for the sugar he says coldly "It is already on its way- I asked for it already." Woah there, way to be friendly! He also explains they only have one kitchen for two floors and that is why the food is taking so long. I'm sorry, that is not an excuse in my book. There are way bigger restaurants in New York City that are able to accommodate a big space with a full house. Our food finally arrives, and our friend the waiter once again makes a snide remark when one of us ask for something. I understand you might be having a bad day, maybe lost your paycheck at the Blackjack table, but don't bring your problems to work, buddy! The food itself was really good, we had Singapore Noodles which I kept serving myself more and more of. We also had the orange beef which was good but not my favorite, was slightly chewy. The black bean chicken was fantastic-- delicious! And of course you cannot go wrong with the lettuce wraps though we made a huge mess. At the end, my lovely girlfriends had asked the waiter to bring out a Birthday Cake and even gave them candles they had previously purchased. Our dear friend walks out with the slice of cake with the candles, and proceeds to light the candles in front of our table and just drops it in front of us. The cake was pretty good, chocolate cake is my absolute fav, but the raspberry sauce was a bit too overpowering for me. I definitely recommend going to one of PF Chang's other locations. I had a great time at the Atlantic City branch, complete opposite experience to the experience I had here. Get it together, PF Chang's!!!
4	every time i go LV i stop in and get the lettuce wraps, great tasting, cheap and let the server make the sauce for you, a liitle soy sauce, mustard and hot,,,great mix...i love this stuff, try it, i bet you'll like them....
4	I do not like P.F. Chang's. Maybe it's the excitement of being on vacation, or the free booze from the casinos, or a mix of the two. But this location is awesome. Love the scallops and fried rice with shrimp here. Nice and spicy on the scallops. The interior is great too. Most PF Chang's feel too large and cavernous. This one feels 'just right.' Service is great here too. They have a huge wait staff and are very attentive. They totally messed up drink order once, and just gave us a bunch of free drinks. It says a lot about the management, if you ask me, to have a stand out restaurant from such a lousy chain. Their prices are ok. Kinda steep, but welcome to Vegas, right? The wait times can be absolutely a turn off. We were told one day it was about 90 minutes. Next! But if you get there right when they open and eat dinner at a senior citizen time, you're in luck. A surprisingly decent place, very unexpected. I wouldn't visit it in my home area, but here, not bad!
2	We had PF Chang's take out while we were staying at PH. I liked that you could call ahead of time and pick it up to go back to your room, but that's about all I liked. It took forever for them to make it. We went to pick it up like 10 min after it was supposed to be ready and ended up waiting another 20 or so. But to top it off, they got the order wrong. We called and they said they would make what we were supposed to have real quick an bring it up to us. After close to an hour, we had finished eating what we did have and called to check on our missing food. They told us it should be up to the room in 20. When we said to keep it and refund us, they got all hissy and basically asked us why did we ask them to remake it anyway. We said because you told us it would be up "real quick".. Over all, the food was blah to mediocre (i would have rather had panda versus pay the price of that crap) and the service was horrible. Spare yourself and go to Panda Express. Same thing but you'll be able to throw $15 extra on the tables .
4	PF Changs is one of the only good Chinese restaurants I've been to in a long time. It's a china bistro so it's nothing like your traditional corner restaurant with the buffet. Their food is good but I normally wouldn't come back to eat all the time if it wasn't for the lettuce wraps ::cue the heavenly angel singing::. I love their lettuce wraps and even though I could successfully mimic them at home I don't want to have to go through the mess of all the condiments to make the lettuce wrap sauce ::cue singing again::. They also give you the choice between brown rice and white rice. I bet that excites you huh? I know, I just like the idea of being able to go to a Chinese restaurant and eating a light meal that's good for you. Service is good and so is the rest of the food (which is family size portioned) but the only thing that I ever get are the lettuce wraps. They have a choice of chicken or veggie (I prefer the chicken but they are both just as good). I like it. I like it a lot.
4	Because of the heat in Vegas and because of our pure laziness, we had PF Chang's twice - while staying at the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. We ordered it togo one of the days and the other day we ordered it through the hotel's room service. It's seriously the perfect meal when you want decent food and it's pretty yummy. I have eaten at many PF Chang's - one of my bestie's used to manage one - so I know the menu pretty well. But this time I tried some different foods and now have new faves. I really enjoyed the Dan Dan Noodles - spicy and similar to Pad Thai - soba noodles served with sprouts and goodness, Crab Wontons and the Combination Lo Mein. Good times!We managed to order way too much food and had two meals with one order :) The restaurant itself gets packed since it's right on the strip so if you're staying at PH, go ahead and order to go and enjoy your american style chinese food. Cheers!
2	This particular location was not on par with other Chang's restaurants that I have eaten at. We ate here on a Thursday night about 9:30, busy but not unusually crowded. The service was extremely slow an disorganized (ex. Late arrival of setups, no appetizer dishes with appetizer, and entrees 45 minutes after seating).  My friend's Spicy Chicken was lukewarm and the rice cold, and my Citrus Soy Salmon was tough; all signs of food that had sat under heat lamps for too long. I suspect the restaurant's XO is not exactly on the ball about keeping large volumes of food moving quickly. On the positive side, our complaints were dealt with courteously, and new entrees delivered in 7 minutes. If it weren't for this handling I would have given this experience one star.
5	I don't care if this place is a chain  or serves americanized (aka not real) chinese food...i LOVE it!  PF Chang's is a little pricey for Chinese food, but hey...it tastes good!  Dishes are approximately $9-$14 (according to my memory).  I always order the dan dan noodles.  This is by far the best dish they have!  The mushu pork is also pretty tasty and the servers even put the pancake and pork together for you!  Now that's service! something you NEVER get in an authentic Chinese restaurant!  Also, every meat dish comes with rice!  (major points because Americanized Chinese places usually charge rice per person...lame!)
4	We ate here because Hawaiian Tropic wasn't serving dinner yet.  I dont go to Vegas to do what I can get in Florida.  But, I was starving at this point. The food was great....the service was great, except for some RUDE BLONDE HOSTESS!  Try the Japanese Spareribs on the appetizer menu.  They are to die for!  P.F. Chang's never disappoints...
3	The food was typical of any other PF Changs I've been too.  Prices were the same as any other location too, I was expecting them to be about double as are most other places in Vegas.  The service here wasn't very good.  We had to wait about 30 minutes for our lettuce wraps, which seemed a little ridiculous.  Our dinners took another 20 minutes.  The food was good and hot when it finally arrived.  The layout of the restaurant wasn't so great and servers had to constantly push through crowds of customers since the kitchen was on the other side of the waiting area.
4	The food was good, the service was professional, courteous and prompt. There's an option provided for those whose party consist of two, offering  soup, appetizer, entree and desset for two at $40. We dined in the patio and the atmosphere was very laid back and comfortable. Our wait was less than 30 minutes (more likely because we opted to eat in the patio area), if you prefer to eat in under the coolness of air conditioning, your wait may be longer. Overall it's a good place to eat.
5	I always love eating at PF Chang's!  For starters:  It has the greatest BIG bowl of Wonton soup!  It's huge!  Be prepared to share this bowl, since it's quite big!  The crab wonton/ragoon's are really awesome too, it's definitely a must!  I've had a few different entree's here, that are off the hook too!  This place is cheaper than the quality of the food is, it's unbelievable!  If you want a reasonably priced meal that is over the top, give this place a try!  I can't talk more highly about this place!
2	I was a little buzzed when i was at the restaurant with my friends but i remember a good amount of my experience here.The waitress was a little rude and seemed like she couldn't wait to get off work. I asked her about a the fried tofu to see if it was vegan and she just said no without any explanation or suggestions of any alternatives that are vegan. One of my friends wanted to know why it wasn't vegan so i asked and she replied with "because of the sugar." i looked at her confused and asked what she meant because sugar comes from sugar cane, a plant. she responded with a very condescending attitude as if i were stupid and said that the sugar came from animal bone. (Later on I looked up on my phone what she was talking about and they actually do use ingredients that are derived from bone char... gross) By this point i got really frustrated and changed my order to the buddha's feast which was truly vegan. The wait for our food was ridiculously long and i am not exaggerating because i had been drinking. My friends can also confirm that it took forever to receive our food. We were actually in a hurry to meet up with a friend to get into a club. Once the food arrived it was alright but it was literally steamed vegetables with small slices of tofu mixed in. I got bored of this very easily also. I had to order two sides of rice because steamed vegetables would not be enough for a long night of drinking and dancing..Try something else on the strip, you can get p f chang's anywhere! I didn't find it to be anything special.
5	Ok...I was so exhausted from the 6:30 am flight that I didnt want to walk around searching for food.  I ate here twice in one day...at the Planet Hollywood location.  LMAO!  We ordered Lettuce Wraps and the spareribs (WITH SAUCE) and Crab Rangoon.  All of it was quality food.  I also ordered an asian pear martini.  I was spectacular!  Ahhh...the joys of adult beverages.  On my second trip of the day, we were seated upstairs in the back.  Its a very intimate location.  I happen to like upstairs because it's not as noisy as the main dining area.  We ordered Wonton Soup, which comes in a bowl, big enough for 4, and Combination Fried rice.  That fried rice was the best I've ever had in all my years.  Damn, it was good!  I love P.F. Changs...with a passion.
4	The duck breast is pretty good, overall, this is a pretty good Chinese American restaurant.
4	-  Super lettuce wraps-  Awesome quantities of great foodFour stars is because even though the food rocks, it is kind of over priced.  Also they were reluctant to make stuff vegetarian / customize anything about the food.
4	It was by accident that we found PF Chang's in Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Our friend who was visiting from LA was supposed to meet her friend at the Palazzo. But, after hours of: a) traffic, b) looking for parking, and c) walking aimlessly around City Center, we were all too exhausted to drive to Palazzo! We ended up stopping by PH to get a quick drink, when my friend saw that there was a PF Chang's. She called her friend and made reservations at PF Chang's instead. It was a good decision!I love PF Chang's! No matter what you order, the quality of the food is excellent. What I also love is that they offer you brown rice instead of white rice.... I've never been disappointed. The 6 of us decided to order a variety of food - one poultry, one pork, one seafood, a salad and a noodle entree. YUM YUM for my tum tum! I was in heaven. My fav was the moo-shu and seafood entree.I would have given five stars had the wait been less than 2 hours. Mind you, we went there on New Year's day and on a Friday...Regardless, we all had a wonderful time! The waiter was very friendly, helpful and attentive. The wait for the food was not long at all.Delicious food. Great service. Good times with friends. Definitely would come back!
5	Chris our server was excellent.  We always hit PF Changs when we visit Vegas.  This location is way better.  Off the strip and no long waits.  Save room for dessert.
5	Manager named Garfield providedExcellent service, very hospitable and polite. He earned all 5 stars!
4	I'm a big fan of PF Changs...we had a group of 20 people. They have two private rooms with a pre-fix menu you can choose from...the food keeps coming! Felt as if it was never ending.Call ahead for big groups...talk to Darnella!
4	It's PF Chang's what could possibly be wrong right? Well, thank goodness for this location, nothing.Located conveniently on the strip, this PF Chang's is easy to find and easy to go to.  So beware the crowds and the potential long wait if you go during peak eating hours.The staff is usually friendly, as the people who may eventually annoy are  customers as well.If I can offer you one word of great advice for this location (not sure if they do it in another locations), order from the lunch plates...and go before 4pm.  The lunch plates offer you individual servings of varying dishes and come included with rice and either egg drop or sweet and sour soup.  You can easily have an entree, 2 drinks (non-alcoholic), and 2 of these lunch plates for $40 total.  Not bad considering the potential bill when dining family style and after 4pm.
4	i hadn't been to a P F Chang's before but have seen them all over Seattle and was excited when the bf suggested we try it. We went at 8pm on a Wednesday and was told that there was a 45 minute wait and so we happily took our buzzer and went and sat in the Planet Hollywood's Extra bar. Their drinks were fabulous and 30 minutes later, the buzzer was going off. We were seated on the top floor in the back and so it was nice and quiet, despite the 2 long tables of people in front of our booth.They have a 2-For-$40 deal that provides you with your choice of soup, one appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 mini desserts. Waaaayyyy too much food for 2 people but it allowed us to try all kinds of dishes. I started with a wine flight, that gives you 3 - 2.5 oz glasses of wine for $10. $10!!! Definitely took advantage of that as they have an extensive wine list. The bf had a beer as they were $3 and cheaper than anything you can buy on the strip. Bonus!For our soup course, we both had the Sweet and Sour and it was full of chicken, mushrooms, tofu, and egg ribbons. It was kinda spicy but a nice way to start the meal. Portions are huge and so I felt bad about only eating half but otherwise wouldn't have been able to get past the appetizer flight.For the appetizer, we had the Chicken Wraps. I had heard nothing but about how good these wraps are since we found the restaurant the night before. They lived up to their reputation though as everything from the lettuce to the little sauce that was customized for us, was wonderful. Again, the dish wasn't finished as you would have to stuff the lettuce leaves to capacity to get through all of the filling they provide you with.For entrees, we had the Mongolian Beef and Cantonese Shrimp. The beef was accompanied by long pieces of green onion and wasn't too gingery. The meat was nicely seared so the marinade formed a crunchy outside. Delish! The shrimp were in a light garlic sauce and the snow peas were perfectly cooked. We had brown rice on the side and there was definitely enough food for 4 people. Yikes but yummmm!For dessert, our fabulous waiter brought out a litle sample tray and explained each shot-glass sized dessert to us. We chose the Strawberry Cheesecake and S'more and while I was too full to try them, they were gone in about 30 seconds. The perfect end to a meal!If you get this deal, either expect to have multiple leftovers or make sure you have a large party to help share the feast!
2	I sort of felt ambivalent about this place immediately after eating. The food was okay but not extraordinary. Though I should mention I am vegan, so I only had so many options. But if you don't eat meat, this is probably a good option in las Vegas, where I've found, options are quite limited. The lettuce wraps have a delicious filling, but they'd be better on romaine (not iceburg). The ma po tofu is a really big portion of both broccoli and spicyish orange sauce on crispy tofu; it's good but kind of heavy to attack by oneself. Everything is priced okay, but still, I wouldn't have gone here if it weren't for the terrible vegan options in Las Vegas.
4	Ok call out order, they stay open later then the other pf Changs, The take out or was great! and we got free Lettuce wraps!!! Yum this is by far my favorite resturant chain or no chain! Great time in Vegas thanks to Changs!
4	Never been dissapointed at a P F Chang! Don't miss the chicken lettuce wraps. Love the Mongolian Beef. Always fresh and fast service although you may wait sometime without reservations. Mini desserts are great.
4	This was my first time eating here, and I have to say it was great. The food was very flavorful and the service was great. Will definately eat here again and soon.
5	How often can you go to Vegas, have a great meal and many drinks for cheap? I am so glad we decided to go to P F Chang's for dinner.  There where 4 of us, we each had two drinks, two appetizers, and all had entrees from under $100.00.  Unheard of in Vegas, right? All the food was excellent, and great service as well.
5	This location always nails it!Was there on Sunday and was very crowded around 6.....was taken to a booth after about 25 minutes.Had sweet sour chicken, almond/cashew chicken, and beef lo mein....all delicious!Mai tais were perfect and  a bargain for a casino bar ($6) and the waiter we had was the best!   Dave, I think, was his name!
3	2 hour wait on a Saturday night??  Not for us, baby.  We had reservations...Thank God!!!  We were seated in 10 minutes and the place was packed.  Look, this is a chain, and the food is not the best.  The waitress was ok, not the best.  However, we enjoyed the meal, the cocktails and all of the ambiance.  We stuck with the traditional chinese deep fried yumminess and were not left with empty bellies or empty wallets.  Good average stuff.
4	So, today at work, we had PF Chang for company lunch. The food was excellent. There was all sorts of food that took two tables.. I love Chinese food anyways, therefore, it was excellent. I had some steamed rice, shrimp, beef and broccoli, and much much more. I will definitely going there soon!!
2	What the eeF happened to this place!! Once upon a time it used to be good. Not so much anymore. Like Im never coming back anymore horrible. My food was soooo bad it was just hecka salty and soaked in soy. I made the waiter taste it and he damn near gagged. I gave this place another star just for the waiter being a trooper. be for warned tho. this PF changs is crap.
3	I never dined in but got take out when I worked in PH. This is not traditional Chinese, but it'll do when sometimes my other options didn't sound so great. Singapore Noodles, Dan Dan noodles, orange beef, honey chicken or shimp weren't bad and what I usually ordered.I appreciate the brown or white rice option. Also their ice teas are surprisingly pretty good- like their blackberry jasmine green.Now they have lunch specials- You have a few entree choices and you get hot& sour or egg drop soup.Lunch specials are not badly priced and glad it was introduced after PF Changs stopped giving a discount to people who work in Miracle Mile/PH. Boo- they make so much money...really they can't? I normally am not a stickler about a discount but all other smaller chains and non chains offered a discount in PH but the largest chain can't to employees? Went from 25% to 20% to 15% to none in a matter of like a year. They effed up my order a few times and it sucks having to run back and waste my lunch break. I had to get in the habit of checking everything before leaving as once it wasn't even my order, another time I only had half of what I ordered for me and the girls at work, and another I ordered sides of veggies and it wasnt in there. For that, I can't really give them much due to their mistakes. It always ruined my lunch break since I end up having to get my food, take a few bites and I'm SOL and have to clock back in and eat lunch for dinner. That's fucked up that it happened 4 times before I got smart to look. And yes, they made a mistake twice after that and I got charged twice one day. 2.5 stars for their mistakes and being discount stingy. 3.5 for the food as it usually was pretty big portions and tasty enough.
4	Actually got this via room service during our one night stay at Planet Hollywood Hotel.  I have to say I was surprised at how good the food was.  We ordered the general tso's chicken, fried rice, noodles, moo shu chicken, hot & sour soup.  All of the dishes were solid.  Yeah, it's american chinese food but pretty well made. Portions were smaller then I expected but for the 6 of us, we all had more then enough food! Totally worth ordering/stopping by the restaurant in Planet Hollywood!
4	The best chineese I have ever had! Really nice ambiance and atmosphere the lighting was perfect really set the mood to eat even though we had been eating all day since we were on vacation! I didn't know what to expect seeing as it was in the front of planet Hollywood but we didn't make reservations and we didn't have to wait to be seated. When we were seated they gave us a nice booth in the corner that was really private. Super good service we were attended to the whole time didn't have to ask for anything! We had the dinner for two which included a list of things to choose from I had gereral pao's chicken she had the Mongolian beef. We had hot and sour soup to start out with which was great since I've never tasted two hot and sour soups the same and it really varies on a scale of bad to great. They also brought out some chile sauce, vineger, and some Asian sauce( can't remember what it was called) which really heightened the taste of the soup and the lettece wraps we had as an appetizer. For desert we skipped the small shot glass deserts and went with the biggest piece of chocolate cake I have ever seen let alone eaten (yum) ! Really great food good service and just an overall nice fining experience! Have gone back there again but this time in Seattle still really good!
3	Had 2 meals here; one was take-out and one dined-in. The food was ok for a fusion chain in Vegas. Otherwise, it'd been below standard. The take out here was pretty quick and they had a separate window for take-out meals. It was fairly expensive for what it was.
4	Situated almost opposite the Bellagio Fountain show, we booked after the fountains had finished, strolled over the LV Boulevard, had a drink at the bar and then sat down at our table. Seamless on a Friday evening at 10pm in June.Food is very good for a chain restaurant and portions are huge. Good service and quick too. Ideal for eating but not a night out in itself.
4	Vinniy was great. Food delicious.
2	Rice was really dry so they brought out fresh rice, however they never should have served that awful rice in the first place. This one is not as good service as home in la/oc but what do you expect in Vegas
3	PF Chang's = Chinese food for non-chinese people. The last place I expected to finally try P.F. Chang's is in Las Vegas. My homie's gf wanted to go so I didn't protest. I decided to be safe and go for their famous lettuce wraps. I have to say the food was actually decent. The meat sauce wasn't too strong and the lettuce was very crispy. Portions weren't big but just enough to fill me up. At $8.50, it was the only reasonable value on the menu. What irks me is the rest of the menu. Almost everything else costs twice as much as it should. I realize the prices are gonna be high since Vegas Strip+chain restaurant=$$, but that doesn't make me feel any better about it.
5	Love this Place...you can't go wrong with PF Changs!  Had to wait a bit for a table but well worth it!
3	Came with a group of 7, and had a fantastic server that got our orders right, and got them out to us very fast! Love the honey glazed chicken.
1	I used to be a huge fan of PF Chang's, but after my most recent visit to the Planet Hollywood location my views have drastically changed. As most people probably skip or skim very lengthy reviews, I'll try my best not to be too long winded. In short: Skip this place unless you like RAW CHICKEN and poor service! The full story: A group of us we to lunch here while on a Vegas trip for my friend's 29th birthday. The meal started off ok until a friend noticed that her chicken was completely raw on the inside. Not just a little pink, but RAW! it was basically seared chicken covered and concealed in sauce. UNACCEPTABLE. To top if off, the manager was hardly accommodating. She did take a small percentage off of my friend's check, but in the end she was still charged for the inedible plate of raw chicken that she was served. As we tried to move on from the upset, our server seemed to completely give up on pleasing us in any way. He dropped silverware on multiple members of our party, brought out a dirty dessert spoon for my friends birthday dessert, and then tried to cover it up by saying he had mixed a sauce with it. I'm sorry ... what?? You mixed sauce with a spoon, then brought it out for my friend to eat her birthday dessert with? Then please explain why there is dried brown food stuck to the spoon that you supposedly just mixed raspberry sauce with. We weren't buying it at all. We left PF Chang's completely dissatisfied and praying that my friend would make it through the trip without getting sick from having eaten raw chicken. I'd give it NO stars if it were possible.No thanks to the staff at PF Chang's and despite our lunch celebration being ruined, my friend was ok. Thank goodness!
4	Ok - when my friends suggested we order some PF Changs after recovering from weekend shananigance in our hotel my reaction was "really?? ewww". I was forced to go to a work thing at PF Chang's in another state and the food was awful - so now you understand my reaction. Either way needless to say we ordered some "chinese food". We ordered:- Lemon Grass Prawns with Garlic Noodles: this was YUMMY and the prawns were huge. - Chicken Noodle Soup: this was fantastic- Chicken Chopped Salad + Sesame Vinaigrette: this was a good salad but I think b.c. it was delivery it was not as good as it would have been in the restaurant.- Crab Wontons: eh - nothing special and not very flavorful- Chicken Lettuce Wraps: good reviews of this staple item- Dynamite Shrimp: Good- Almond & Cashew Chicken: Yummy- Egg Drop Soup: Good as wellWhile all items were satisfying and between the four of us (yes all of that for only 4 people) we had crazy left overs. The best part about this PF Chang's is probably their customer service. They forgot the sesame dressing for the salad and we were able to convince them to deliver it to the room. To make up for this inconvenience the manager included a piece of their cheesecake and some kind of chocolate amazingness (was it a brownie? chocolate cake? a large chocolate candy situation? No idea). Aside from them being nice enough to bring us the dressing the desserts were out of this world. I'm going to say this and I'm hoping there won't be any backlash from cheesecake connoisseurs BUT this was one of the best, if not THE best cheesecakes I've ever had.
4	this is another resturant i like at planet hollywood inside the casino . both times i ate here  i ordered the tofu with broccolli . it comes with a bowl of rice.  the price is ok at $ 9.50 not including tax or tea which is $ 2.50 and both times was almost cold so i dont recomend the green tea. the service is ok and not to slow for lunch. its always crowded and noisy . but still a good choice for vegans. the tofu had to much salt and the broccoli is steamed and plain . but a healthy choice. i enjoyed what i ate because its a refreshing change from the all you can eat and puke buffets
2	Service was friendly. Noodles were overcooked. Seeing the kitchen workers slop food onto the prep plates like cafeteria workers was unappetizing. I think this kind of place should not have a view of the kitchen from outside while you're waiting for a table. Production line Chinese fusion done adequately.
1	PF Changs In Vegas Location: So the PF Changs where I live is absolutely GREAT! So you would think that all locations would posess the same state of mind when it comes to customer service!  WELL I thought absolutely wrong!! I have eaten at this location a few times in the past year but nothing compares to the experience I had here just this October.  We sat at the bar and it was early bout 2:00 and it was a lil busy but not overwhelming.  The bartender was sooo FREAKIN rude right from the start.  We sat there for literally 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged he would just walk right by us like we were ghosts! Not even a courtesy "I'll be right with you".  So were like watever right and then this couple walks in 20 mins later and sits right next to us and the same thing happenes to them, Well when the lady asked the bartender if she could just order a drink this is wat the rude bartender said "NO not right now...I'm only one person here!!"  I was shocked!!  And so was the lady!!  Of course I butt in and told him he shouldnt be so rude and then he just totally lost it.  I got up and went to speak with the manager but he didnt give a shit either!  I Love PF CHangs but I will NEVER step foot in this inconsiderate location again!!
3	Dock a star because i had called to make reservations and the guy had told me that its full and what BS!! So i told my friend Neil to call from our hotel room phone to make reservations and he was able to make a reservation... WTH!! After checking in our wait wasnt that long. We all wanted to get a booth but we got a table instead. The selection of food was delicious especially the cod. Sesame Chicken- It was ok.Kung pao Chicken- Delicious.Cod- Scrumptious, Melt in your mouth delicious!!crab rangood- goodasian chicken salad- very delicious!!Recommend making a reservations, it does get pack on a Friday night.
4	Came here with a group of people after seeing a concert in Planet Hollywood, and we sat down right away even though the place seemed pretty busy for almost midnight.The server made the whole experience. He was a pro at handling a bunch of drunk stumblers who think they are hilarious (myself included, ok it was just me). It was nice through out the whole time that we were here and made me actually want to go back to one of the PF's in my city. I refused to go because most of the servers are stuck up and they pretend like you can't get the same food at a cheaper faster price at Pei Wei.
4	This place has an awesome happy hour 7 days a week...which is not so easy to find in Vegas. And, on top of that, the food is really good. Pork dumplings and crab wontons were yummy! If you are staying in Planet Hollywood like we were than it is even better!
3	This is a pretty standard PF Chang's.  If you're looking for good, Americanized sweet Chinese food and don't mind eating at a chain, this is the right place.  You're never going to leave here thinking this is the best food ever, but you shouldn't leave disappointed either.We came for a very late lunch and mowed down a ton of food on the happy hour menu, which is a relatively good deal.  The one major knock on this location is the service was very mixed - our food came pretty quickly, but the waiter never made us sauce for our lettuce wraps, forgot my drink, and pretty much went AWOL half-way through our meal.
4	At the PF and this places really gets crowded. I guess it's a reliable relatively ow cost option among all of the big spends that surround it. At the end, we enjoyed good potstickers, great lettuce wraps, fried rice and moshu chicken.
4	Happy hour was awesome from 3-6. The chicken lettuce raps were amazing. Next time I will just get two order of these for us. Our drinks were bomb. They pear mojito was delicious. Go for happy hour. Nice to have in the hotel.
4	Food was yummmmy! I loved the almond chicken! One order is definetely big enough to share! My husband and I ended up sharing almond chicken and that lettuce wrap stuff... it was enough to fill us. Waiter was kinda... eh Okay. He wasnt that great, and took forever to bring us our check. We asked for our check and then 10 mins later... still no check! 20 mins later... still sitting there. Well, 30 mins later.. finally!! overall, good food!
3	Located in Planet Hollywood, very convenient to go to if you're staying in the hotel.  Gets really really crowded.. There was an hour and half wait, so we decided to order to-go and take it up to our room since that was only 10-15 minutes.. You can call ahead from your room too if you are staying at Planet Hollywood or their Towers.... Love their dan dan noodles, candied walnut shrimp, chicken noodle soup, hot and sour soup and their lettuce wrap... We order cashew chicken, lettuce wraps, dan dan noodles and hot and sour soup and it was a good portion... Prices are a little steep, especially for chinese food, but compared to other dining options in vegas, this is actually average, especially when you are able to do family style dining..
4	We just missed the happy hour that started at 3pm, which is my only regret about eating here. I had the coconut curry with tofu, and man, that was some of the best curry I've had...especially coming from a national chain joint. We had crispy wontons to start off, and I had to stop myself from overindulging in them. The staff was great at getting us everything we needed, and we had the perfect weather to take advantage of their outdoor seating.Tried to go back for happy hour a couple days later, but it was too packed to move. If you want to hit that, I'd get there right at 3.
2	I eat at the PF Chang's in The District at least once a month and am huge fan of the menu at this chain. The service is usually top notch, but my experience at this location was worth yelping about. The hostess decided to look at me after I stood in front of her for two minutes. She told me the wait would be 45 minutes. Since I was meeting a long time friend for a concert I didn't mind..... We waited, waited, and waited some more. We ended up waiting over an hour and fifteen minutes! The hostess was rude when we went up to check on it. She made us feel bad for asking. When we were finally taken to our seats we had to wait a while for our waiter. I'm getting used to all of this waiting by now even though I am starting to get hunger pains. No big deal. We order and the waiter comes out with the sauce. Don't they usually do the sauce spiel every time? Maybe I'm just spoiled and use to the good service at the GV location. Regardless, he just poured the sauce and left. When we got our food the rice was the exact opposite of sticky rice. In fact, it was hard and resembled uncooked rice! Unbelievable. The good news was that the Dan Dan Noodles were out of this world! The distinct flavor of the cucumber cut the heat from the chile paste perfectly. The waiter did not ask if we wanted them cut. The Mongolian Beef was also a big hit. The meal would not be complete without their famous lettuce wraps which were delicious as usual. Overall I was satisfied with the food and the presentation minus the uncooked rice. It's PF Changs, who doesn't enjoy the food? The staff, however was really rude and unprofessional and my guest and I were highly put off by this. Next time I am at this hotel I am going to the sandwich shop and sticking to my PF Changs in Green Valley.
2	Service was mediocre.  Asked for the dishes to come out as they're ready, because we were starving...but the dishes came out together and a few were lukewarm.  Since the temperature was off, they didn't taste that great. The interior is super-dark, in the afternoon, this was just annoying.  The only plus is that they offer mini-pastries.
3	Nothing new here, but still very consistent.  After a LONG day of conference and trade show, a group of colleagues and I wanted something simple and easy.  Changs is spot on for that.This Changs is much different than most.  680 seats - yes 680.  Two levels.  I bet they turn the tables here 4 times on a busy night.  It's right off the casino floor.  Food and service was typically good as it is at most PF Changs.  Great spot for business people and tourists wanting a great meal at a price that won't break your bank.
5	P.F. Chang's was delicious as usual. Instead of ordering their $44 lunch for two, we ordered what we wanted and it came out to be about the same price anyway. We had the lemongrass prawns & garlic noodles; sauteed spinach; spring rolls, and steamed dumplings.  That was more than enough for 2 for lunch.I had a Lucky Cat Martini. OMG super delicious. Justin, our server, was really nice, prompt, and funny, too, with the little jokes.I always return to P.F. Changs for consistent, quick, asian bistro food. Its delicious.
5	Came here on a Friday night with a large group.  PF Changs was one of the very few places that was still taking reservations at a decent dinner time.I figured things would be super slow since the place was totally packed.  But I was wrong.  Service was pretty good, and very fast.  Food was not only consistent, but actually better than PF Changs I've been to.Also given the fact it was probably one of the cheapest places on the strip for decent food: major awesomeness!
3	We walked over to Planet Hollywood, and for some reason our friends thought PF Chang's would be a great place to eat.  Now I say that because we have PF Chang's at home, and there are a zillion other places that are new to try.We had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  We waited outside in the casino area.  In the casino area, there is a window right into the kitchen.  Everyone thought it was unusually for not ONE Asian person to be working in the kitchen.Our pager went off, but when we got inside, they told us there were two people with the same name and they didn't know which one was the right person, and we would have to wait longer. After another 7-10 minutes, we were called again.We were sat, and ordered food very quickly.Everyone's food was correct, and we all enjoyed our dinner. There are plenty of other spots around Vegas that serve the same type of food, at less cost, and less wait.  If you are one of the people that loves to eat on the strip, then go for it, because a PF Chang's is the same throughout the country.
1	Everything was SALTY!!! hot and sour soup, beef and broccoli..and worst dish of all was the pan fried noodles w/ beef. YUCK!
4	Eating vegan in Las Vegas did prove challenging, but PF Chang's is there to help.  This location has the same menu as all the others and I don't even think the food was more expensive for being in Vegas - all the veggie dishes are under $10.  Ma Po Tofu is always my favorite, but I got a noodle dish this time, which was good as well.  They were pretty busy but we got a table in about 10 minutes and had plenty of attention from our waiter.
4	I worked at Planet Hollywood for four years, so I ate here at least three or four times a month, and every time it was great. I really never noticed a markup from other Changs that are located off of the strip. The noodles, rice, and egg drop soup are all fantastic, whether eating at the bar or at a table. Service is quick and good, I would definitely recommend... especially compared to some of the other insanely priced placed to eat on Las Vegas Blvd.
3	I have had PF Changs before at home. And I wasn't too impressed or even pleased with the taste. Too bland, too dry, too negative, And I wasn't looking to repeat the experience. Especially in Vegas. But I was staying at Planet Hollywood and my family wanted dinner. We decided to give PF Changs another try. And boy were we suprised and impressed. Their fried rice was excellent and their walnut prawns. Wow, that's just great right there. Thinking about checking out Palo Alto again just to see if it could live up to the potential that Vegas has given me.
5	Three cheers to PF Chang's!! Went there with 6 more friends last weekend. Sunny weather, outdoor seating, and a friendly waitress made our lunch extra special.With a hangover from Friday night partying, no breakfast, hundreds of people queuing up for hotel buffets, PF Chang's was a true savior.This was my second visit to this place at Planet Hollywood. While the first one was a dinner date with my husband, this one was a lunch with friends. Both experiences were equally great.With soups, starters, entrees, and desserts for 7 people (we had to get doggy packs too), the bill was under 100$!!!!Dishes to die for:Hot n sour soupChicken lettuce wrapDan dan noodlesDali chicken (for the spicy food lovers)Chocolate cake with raspberry syrup (I am not a chocolate fan but this was yum!!)Great service, good food, friendly staff, value for money, and above all NO WAITING on a weekend :).Highly recommended
5	this locations takes really good care  of big groups .... food is always consistant at PF Changs but the service here sets them apart of all others
4	We were so expecting to have to wait forever to get a table, but we were seated right away.  We chose the 2 for $44 which comes with soup, app, 2 entrees, and dessert.  We got the egg drop soup and it was fantastic.  Next we ordered the steamed pork dumplings (recommended by the waiter)...flavor was good but I have a feeling they would have been better fried.  We chose the Spicy Chicken and Kung Pao Chicken for the entrees.  The Spicy Chicken was excellent, but the Kung Pao was dry. It just seemed like it needed a sauce with it.  The dessert was good...nothing to rave about, but we enjoyed it.  I will come back here, not so much for the food, but the atmosphere.  The wait staff was wonderful, food came out super fast, and it was just a nice place to sit and relax.
4	I don't openly announce my affection for PF Chang's.  Growing up in the San Gabriel valley surrounded by real Chinese food I sometimes wonder if I'm allowed to enjoy this candy-like addicting concoction they serve here as food.  Proper or not, I like PF Chang's!  Although it's not the best food, it's tasty and it sure makes my mouth happy.I mentioned in my previous blog that mom was visiting from Korea.  We went to Vegas and stayed at Planet Hollywood.  While my hubby was playing poker, mom and I decided to eat at the PF Chang's located inside the hotel.  It is here that my mom's obsession with this restaurant starts all over again. We always order the Garlic Noodles.  We LOVE this dish.  We also ordered the Chicken Lettuce Wraps that we enjoy.  We sat out in the patio and blissfully soaked in the fair weather while munching happily on our lunch.  Even our strange & annoying server who kept complaining to us about her other table of customers and kept trying to overcharge us (I had to tell her to fix our bill twice) couldn't ruin our meal.
5	I have to give this place a big hand! They rock on service. I have very picky family members, they travel around the county and eat at the best restaurants and they know and expect great service. As soon as we sit down my mother in law gives very specific detail on what she wants. Our waitress listened and was very good. Everything down to the last detail. If it was not right she corrected it instantly and never batted an eye. Of course the food it always good too. You can't go wrong here, great service and great food.
4	Great food and even better drinks
2	I was pretty put off by PF Chang's on my last visit. I am very sensative to spicy dishes and seeing that so many of the options were spicy was disappointing to me personally. I will admit some fault, I asked if the lemon chicken could be prepare not spicy, the waitress said "Yes" however when my meal came, it was spicy. I commented about it to the waitress and her comment was "no it's not" and did not even offer to get me an alternative dish. I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service. I have been to PF Chang's before and while the food was good, I don't think it's better than most chinese food.
3	Honeslty, it deserves 3 stars because they excel 100% at a handful of dishes, but the rest are crap.The happy hour is pretty good. The flaming red dumplings are nice and spicy. However, any of the other steamed dumplings have a slight gummy feel to them.. especially when you are used to quality dim sum from the likes of Kon Chau or Tropical Chinese. The egg rolls need more meat, the spring rolls should be labeled vegetarian, and the Mongolian Beef is AWESOME as always. If it were not for the previously mentioned dish, you would never see my ugly face at this establishment.Okay Okay, their chicken soup is VERY good as well. Other than that though, I don't see the hype behind it. Their dumplings are marginal at best and their chicken dishes are horrible. i would HIGHLY recommend the Mongolian beef, the chicken soup, and the fried rice is pretty good as well. BTW, if you like the lettuce wraps at PF Changs, do yourself a favor and try the same dish at the Cheesecake Factory. You'll never want to try that horrible insult of a dish at PF again!!!
1	So, I went to this P.F Chang's for my birthday dinner this past Saturday with a group of seven people, including myself. I've been to a couple of different P.F Chang's around the valley and I always have a pretty good time. This time...not so good. Our reservation was for 8:00p and I'm not going to lie, I am notorious for being late. By some birthday miracle, I made it to the place about two minutes after 8. I know, late is late, but when my boyfriend made the reservation they told him that ours would be given away if we were 10-15 minutes late...a little confusing, but whatever. We got our table just fine. Food and drinks were good as well. Our waitress was nice, but she seemed aloof - which is not something I would hold against someone. What I did have a problem with is her whisking my food away that was barely touched. We were sitting in a U-shaped booth and I was turned to face the group to talk. I wasn't watching over my food(I didn't think I had to) and I had a couple of drinks, so I was definitely very into whatever I was talking about. I could understand that maybe she didn't want to interrupt me...personally, I would have preferred her doing that instead of just taking the food away without checking. My other friends weren't talking, so she could have asked them about it and they would have asked me. We spent $200 that night. That's a fortune to me and to leave with no leftovers when there was plenty....well, I consider THAT a dinner time atrocity. I know I should have said something then, but everyone was leaving so I didn't. I really should have because it's been bothering me! 9/10 times, I always eat my leftovers the next day. Wasting food is a huge pet peeve of mine...and in this situation it severely irks me because it was food that I was going to eat. Maybe a good solution would be to re-train that server and make sure all of the servers are on the same page.A warning to all who choose to dine at P.F Chang's in Planet Hollywood: Make sure to keep a steady eye on your meal if you are like me and want to get the most for your money by taking the leftovers home.
3	Can't believe I came all the way to Vegas to go to a PF Chang's but honestly, this one was good. A little more expensive than normal, but a group of us went for a super late dinner on a weeknight and the waitress was really cool and friendly and super accommodating. Wish I remembered her name...Anyway, the usual staples are good here: beef with broccoli, spicy green beans, sesame chicken, etc.
2	I have never been a big fan of PF Chang's but the one in Vegas used to be better then the rest, the food seemed to have more flavor. I know its a large restaurant chain and you should get the same product no matter where you go but this one USED to be better. We we were seated our waitress let us know that they have had allot of changes. The staff was all polite, and we were seated quickly because we had a reservation (45 min wait without one so call ahead. We after we ordered our food came quickly and looking forward to my meal i was disappointed because i learned what all the changes had been on my first bight. This PF Chang's was now just like the other PF Chang's that i had been to not much flavor in the food ( if you are going to put a warning on the menu the the food is spicy make it spicy not bland. If you like other PF Chang's you will enjoy this one too if you like flavor in you food this is not the place for you.  Overpriced for what you get.
3	Being from Vancouver where there's a lot of great Asian cuisine, my friend and I didn't see the need to dine at a place which serves Asian food. But after eating Caucasian food non stop since we landed, we decided to give this place a try. We were also intrigued by the line up outside the restaurant; and since we've never eaten here we thought we'd try this place. My first impression of the place was 'wow'. A huge and quite a classy place so I was impressed right off the bat. Right outside, people can be spectators and watch the busy kitchen as they scoop, portion, scale, deep fry, pan fry and prepare the food. I'm always fascinated by this because this looks really cool to me. Anyway, my friend and I waited around half an hour for our food, which I wasn't very happy about. Thank goodness I had something to watch for half an hour while they make my food. We ordered the Crab Wontons, Singapore Street Noodles, and the Shanghai Shrimp with Garlic Sauce. The wontons were nice and crispy, I LOVED the filling. The shrimp dish was pretty decent. I found the vegetables quite soft, which was surprising because Asian restaurants usually serve vegetables quite crisp. Well in Vancouver anyway. The noodle dish had a nice ,strong curry flavor. The shrimp was cooked well but the chicken was kinda tough and sinewy.Overall it was ok. I think the fact that I'm immersed in a wide variety of Asian cuisine here at home makes me more critical of Asian cuisine elsewhere. My friend best described it as "white man's version of Asian food". Which is actually very true. Good value for the price; I'm quite annoyed that I completely missed the dessert menu. I really wanted to try the Banana Spring Rolls, the Tres Leche Lemon Dream, the Apple Pie and the Carrot Cake. But really, I shouldn't be eating dessert while in Vegas. Just bad for my gut. There's also a gluten free menu for you guys and gals who can't have gluten.Would I come back? Maybe. It wouldn't be the first place I would think of visiting but I would consider it. It gets a 3.5/5 from me, but I think I'll kick it down to 3/5 stars. It could be a lot better.
1	Worst pf changs I have ever been to. Sat down and the sauces were all over the plates (dirty), then when the soup comes out my bowl was not clean, and lastly as my mother was eating our lo Mein she pulled out a piece of paper!! GROSS!! At least the manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but at the same time insinuated we had put the piece of paper there??? Who knows. Just don't go there!!!
5	We had great service, great food and great atmosphere.  Our waiter was really good.  If you can get a seat by the window its great!
3	I think this place is better then the ones located near where I live. The waiter always gives up water, ice tea, and coke without us asking a refill all the time. I think he was physic LOL because of it. My wait time was around 20 mins not bad. It was crowed during my visit there. The service I got was good. The food that came out was better then I expected if not better then the California locations.
3	It's a PF Changs... so obviously it wouldn't be anywhere near the top of my list when choosing a dining location in a city full of unique and ever-changing options. But for a quick happy hour snack at a restaurant conveniently located in our hotel? Yes, that's acceptable. I will say probably stay away from their specialty drinks. None of those went over too well in the group. But do go for the mini shot-glass desserts... and order one of each to pass around.
3	I really enjoy coming here... Their food is good not great but good, I mainly come here for the atmosphere and the good service. I've ordered everything from their Orange Chicken to their Broccoli & Beef to their Sesame Chicken and nothing is that spectacular but it's good food. I do like their appetizers such as their Egg Rolls and Crispy Green Beans very delicious. I also like their cocktails they have many to choose from. I like to get the Coconut Lemon Sour and the Dragon Martini very tasty. Overall I would come here again because I always have fun, it's very sheik and I enjoy the service and decor. FYI don't come here if your expecting great Chinese food like I said it's just good!
1	My wife  and  I have dinner here on my birthday.What a terrible food experience.The "beef with broccoli" was "extremely" SALTY and I had to tell tell the waitress. They took off  its cost of my bill.Both brown and white rice were very DRY !
4	Went out for a nice dinner date. We were asked if we wanted to sit upstairs and had to walk upstairs and wait halfway on the stairs for the hostess. One thing I thought was a little bad becase what of elderly people in the middle of the stairs?Anyways, we were seated very fast and our server Daisy was awesome. It took the drink person a while to get our drinks but Daisy was always there and made sure we were sattifsfied. We ordered 3 entree;s to share and about 10 margaritas lol the pomegranate margaritas were the BOMB!Price is fairly high, being on the strip and stuff... but oh well. it was GOOD
4	On our last day in Vegas, the b/f and I wanted to get a nice hearty lunch, so P.F. Chang's it was.  My first statement as we sat down was "we have to get the lettuce wraps."  And my statement to you if you've never had them is "you have to get the lettuce wraps."  They were just as good as usual.We had a nice time.  Our server was good but quite talkative.  I'm sure he was just trying to be sure we were having a nice stay but he just did a lot of talking when we wanted to have a nice lunch to ourselves.  So not really anything wrong, just too much.The boy got the beef and broccoli lunch portion and it was good.  I got my usual low mein with shrimp.  It's my favorite so why get anything else.  Alll in all, had a nice time here and the food was good like it is at other PF Chang's.  I should remind you...if you are looking for authentic, remember that this is a chain restaurant in America.  You get my point.
3	I heard about the happy hour specials and timed our visited in between 3-6PM and was glad there wasn't a wait either.  Yes, every time I visit PF Changs, I hope it's as good experience as my first few visits and then I usually leave a little disappointed. I ordered 3 items, and yes I know my eyes were bigger than my stomach but I wanted to try many items and they were on special.  I got the pork dumplings, 3 for $3.25, 6 crab wontons for $5, and lettuce wraps with chicken for $6.  I thought the dumplings were going to be like the ones at dim sum since they advertise it like that but it was they were more like potstickers steamed instead of fried.  The wontons were crispy and the filling was alright.  I did like the plum sauce that was served with the wontons.  There was a lot of chicken for the lettuce wraps.  I could barely finish 2, and was glad my husband was able to eat the rest of the chicken.The service was good and the atmosphere is not bad, a little dark, but comfortable.  I would probably give it 3.5 if I could.  Next time I'm in Vegas, I will likely try another restaurant for Chinese food.
4	I know what you're thinking. "You went all the way to Las Vegas just to eat at P.F. Chang's?!"  The answer is yes, but let me explain.My boyfriend and I were in town while my parents were also there. On some level I guess you could call them high rollers. That's different than being a baller. A baller would drop bills at a really fancy place. Not my parents, although they're not cheap either. Oh, and my grandmother was in Vegas too. She's cool, but simple. Nothing too flashy.That's where P.F. Chang's comes into the picture.  It's a nice balance of fancy decor and unscale-ish food.  This is a big restaurant with a second floor.  That's where we sat and it was nice to be above the din of the casino.The prix fixe menu is awesome. That's what Tyler and I chose. Two people get 4 courses for $45.  It turned into a lot of food and everything came out just as it should have (hot and well timed).  My only complaint would be about the batter on the shrimp, but I guess that's to be expected at a chain Chinese restaurant.
2	I've eaten at PF Chang's a few times and it is always a C-.  I really didn't like any of the dishes I had this time and I think I have to remind myself that even when desperate and starving, I should find somewhere else to go.
4	On a Sunday afternoon, we were buffeted out and Dennys was a long wait. Remembering positive P.F. Chang's experiences, we gave it another try.  The visit started off positive, when there was no wait to get in. We sat in an elevated booth, with a good view of the football game on TV.  I was satisfied with the shrimp lo mein, and shrimp fried rice. I had one gripe with the won ton soup. I felt that a bowl that serves three people was short on won ton.  In my opinion, this is a restaurant that is ideal for eating with others. It seems that popular Chinese food staples including fried rice and won ton soup are only served in family size portions. The visit ended off positive. One day we'll probably return here when my family is in town.
1	Placed a take out order, and I MUST say , Their sucked. Fried rice was mushy and tasteless, grilled salmon was dry. In general, their food was Tasteless and greasy. This is like the 2nd time I had this experience with this restaurant, different location. The 1st was in a New jersey location (that was a dine in), 2nd and LAST was this las Vegas.
5	Good food and good service.
4	The quality of food, service, and prices are all decent.
4	Why did we go to P.F. Chang's in LAS VEGAS, of all places? Let me explain.1. It's the only place which has a respectable vegetarian selection. Las Vegas is shockingly ill-equipped to handle vegetarians! 2. It's a good break from all the buffets and the mile long queues.3. It has decent food at decent prices, and its right on the strip.Enough said!
4	We went here for our 7th anniversary dinner. They had an awesome prix fix menu that included soup, appetizer, main course and dessert for only $44.95. What a deal for two people. The service was fine, even though it was packed. We were able to get a table on the heated patio immediately with our reservations. Great place to go for good food.
5	on 2/25 we hosted a 21st bday weekend for 16....the restaurant chosen for the bday dinner was P.F.Changs @ Planet Hollywood Hotel.  Everything was pre-arranged with Darnella, the manager. Private room was already booked so we were to be seated in main dining area. The table they set up was upstairs facing the "strip"; absolutely beautiful view. Our waiter, David, was fantastic; so attentive....  The food was good; as I expected.  I truly felt that our service was as if we were in a 5 star restaurant.  So impressed.  they brought out a huge; bday dessert (delicious choc cake) at the end of our meal to celebrate the special bday. I reluctantly chose P..F. Changs after the other asian fusion restaurant I selected had some issues.  I didn't want a "chain" restaurant, but I was running out of time to book.I would highly recommend anyone planning a large dinner party in Vegas; not overlook  this P.F. Chang's for the reasons I almost had.  I pre-ordered the food; which was a better value.
4	every time we come to vegas we stop by for happy hour and for the price the food is pretty darn good, the wines are good but the service is Excellent! every time we get great service-it amazes me how consistent they are, sit at the bar and you will get taken care of very well!
4	Always a good place anywhere you go.  It's a solid 4 stars.  I had another great meal here with some co-workers.
4	The best Chinese food chain around! Pricy but very good. Not one dish I haven't tried that I haven't Liked
4	Yes, of all places to eat in Vegas, I choose PF Changs. Wanted something assuredly gluten free. Sat at the bar so no wait. Server was impartial to me but at least knowledgeable of my gf requirements. Ordered lettuce wraps which were to my liking. $4 drinks for happy hour, yes please. 4 stars for being a reliable gluten free restaurant no matter what city I'm in.
1	Absolutely AWFUL service. We were originally told a wait time of 40 minutes, and this progressively grew throughout our wait. So after about 45 minutes of waiting, we asked again how much longer of a wait. At this point, we were told it would be about another fifteen minutes. 25 minutes after THAT, we asked again and were told it would be another 10-15 minutes. At this point, people that were JUST walking through the door were being told they had a 15 minute wait.... WAIT GUESS: 40 minWAIT TOTAL: about an hour and a halfOn top of this, the lady who was at the front desk should not be a front of house person, on top of having seriously bad time guessing skills (which is part of her job), she had horrid customer service skills.  The only positive was our waitress. She was great, very attentive!While I am usually a PF Changs fan, I would NEVER give my hard earned money to this poorly run establishment.
4	I am always a fan of PF Chang's, but the one in Las Vegas had a special menu where large groups can order by paying per person and get unlimited appetizers and entrees,  I think we paid $27pp and got two appetizers and 4 entrees along with white and brown rice.  If we ran out of anything, they would bring out more.  The food was good and the service was excellent.  The only downside was the excruciatingly long wait.  They said 45 minutes, but it ended up being a hour and a half!
5	I love this place.... the lettuce wraps, mangolian beef, chicken lomein... It was all tasty.  Plus it was kid friendly for a classier place to eat.  The staff was super nice. I will always come back. :)
2	PF Changs food is always good and consistant.  The lower rating was for the over crowded resturant with an extremely long wait.
3	Reasonably good, but mediocre by normal PF Changs standards. Service is pretty bad. ambiance not up to their usual standards.
4	Excellent service and delicious food. I even showed up pretty late before closing one night and the staff seemed to mind. I'm sorry for that by the way! The manager and our server both took amazing care of my party and dealt with our late night antics. Last night in Vegas and Redbulls.. I'm sure you get it. Thanks for everything! P.F. Changs in Vegas is the best!
3	This place is always good, and when you are in Vegas and want a "cheaper" option, this will do! There was a bit of a wait, but that's was ok with us, we just sat and gambled a bit! Once we got a seat, we were sat outside, which was so nice and warm out, BUT we were literally sat behind a big column thing, which blocked us from all views of the other patrons and it was VERY dark there! We asked for more candles or if we could be moved somewhere else, the staff tried to be accommodating but since the restaurant was really full...they couldn't move us, but gave us 2 candles...oh well..we were too hungry to care that much. They food was great, I ordered the schizuan (sp?) scallops...soo good and spicy!!! Yum!!! My sister had the beef with scallions? I seriously think there was maybe 7 pieces of steak, tiny pieces, and a bagillion scallions!! My sister was not too happy. They also forgot her order of calamari...
3	It was good. there were 7 of us. We ordered a table full of items and shared. Excellent lettuce wraps, egg rolls, etc. All in all it was consistent with P.F. Chang's.
1	Granted it was 11pm.  But come on this is The Strip.  The service was terrible, the lettuce cups were ok, but the noodles were over cooked and completely bland.  The Mango Chicken was decent, however nothing to write home about.  In fact the Mandarin Chicken from Trader Joes is better.  Ultimately, it all comes down to service.  We were pretty much ignored, however the couple behind us (From Wyoming) couldn't seem to shake him.  To top it off  the sauces weren't explained to us, so we had no idea how tame or spicy each thing was.  Sorry but I gave this experience a D-.
5	Went here for my birthday weekend in Vegas. We had a great time. The wait was about 45 minutes but it went by pretty fast since we were able to gamble while waiting. We ordered the honey chicken, egg drop soup, mongolian beef, and double pan friend noodles. Everything was great. They didnt sing happy birthday but they brought over a small dessert with a lit candle. It was really rich chocolate cake with some kind of raspberry bottom and chocolate frosting and chocolate chips on top.
3	One of my more decent meals in Vegas. But why is everything so salty? Not to the point that it's inedible but almost so. but comparably much better and priced more reasonably than the Asian fusion restaurant Dragon Noodle Co. in my hotel (Monte Carlo)
4	Make a reservation. We eat here almost every time we are in Vegas. Food is consistently good. Service is good most of the time. I like the sesame chicken, mongolian beef, and the fried rice. Dessert, the bananas, are very good. Watch your bar tab here, as most drinks add up pretty quickly, $9 margarita. Very good though....
2	I've most def had a better experience at other P.F. Chang's locations in CA. The service was bad, the waiter would forget about us. And the food was so hard to swallow mainly because it was so salty. It was a different taste than the ones here in LA, and I always order the same thing. The alcoholic drinks came fast, though. That's what earned them this extra star.
5	Best Chinese food I recommend reservating or  tipping was a big line feel sorry for the low ballers
4	I've been going to PF chang's for year's now.. and this place has never let me down.. I highly suggest the Sea Bass Fish , and the Ribs.. It is to die for! Also for starters order the lettuce wraps.. I normally dine at the District @ Green Valley Ranch but i just happen to be here at planet hollywood.. i would also suggest calling ahead for reservations so the wait isnt too long.. Place might be a bit noisey but who cares my grou group over powered the noise level and i think we were the noisey ones in the place! For dessert order the great wall of chocolate.. I msut say for those of you who wants authentic chinese food this is not the place to go.. keep in mind this is American style chinese food but still the bomb! hehe
5	Was staying at Planet Hollywood for the weekend and needed a quick, good dinner on a Saturday night. Decided to get take out from here because the wait for a table was ridiculous. The place was jacked. Placed an order at their take out window and sat down at the last seat on the end of the bar, which was three deep. As crowded as it was, the bartender noticed little ol' me and asked me if I needed anything. When I said I was just waiting for a to-go order, instead of asking me to give my seat up, he gave me a free coke. Got my food (spring rolls, sesame chicken and dan dan noodles) and took it back to my room. It was fresh, perfectly seasoned and just what the hangover doctor ordered. I thought all chain restaurants were basically the same, but this location had, but far, the best food I've ever had from a PF Chang's, and i've been to about five of them all over California.If you want really shitty PF Chang's, buried in salt with stale or undercooked rice, served by unapologetic waiters who bring you more of the same when you try to send you dish back, I recommend the one in downtown San Jose. Epically bad. How these two restaurants belong to the same company is one of life's mysteries.
4	Always try to go to PF Changs when I am on vacation and this one is my favorite. Great atmosphere, great service and great food. Only bad thing is that waiting area is located right where the servers come out with food and drinks, constantly have to watch not to hit them in the crammed small area right when you walk in.
2	This is more of a general review of the chain itself, having eaten at two separate P.F. Chang's chain restaurants. I think the food is so average that the prices are bizarre. Actually, some of it is below average, because it is so darn salty. I was with four other people, and we all ate the beef and broccoli, and it was so salty that we had to complain even though we didn't want to. The waitress insisted that that's how they normally make it and that we would have to inform them next time if we want it less salty. So, the waitress gave a newly cooked and less salty plate of beef and broccoli. You could barely taste the flavoring of all the dishes. I have had the kung pao shrimp twice, and it lacked any kind of spiciness. Not even a hint. The kung pao shrimp was also salty, as well as the sweet and sour soup. We did the dinner for two and for the amount of meat they give, the amount of rice is lacking. I guess the pricey has to do with the high end appearance and up keep of the restaurant itself. It is nice and the servers are nice, but I definitely would not go there again. It's overrated and expensive.
3	This place was an ok place.  I was not amuzed with the slow service.  There were 6 people working the front desk.... (you dont need that many people) We gave our names atleast 3 times to 3 different people who skipped over us and sat other parties that came in after us.  Ended up waiting for about 45 mins with a 10 min quoted time.  Our server was very good, but I noticed the people around us who had different servers ordered before us and got our food after us.Their mai tai's sucked.  Drinks were not strong, or atleast descent for restaurant quality.  Food was ok.  Portions are a lot smaller then the other PF Changs.  One thing I did like about this restaurant is that they are not over priced for being on the strip, its the same pricing as other PF Changs.
3	I was in Vegas for a conference in June and just happened I had some PF Chang gift cards (two adding up to $35 worth) that have been in my wallet for some time.  My friends and I walked over to PF Changs from MGM Grand - Very walkable distance and great spot on The Strip.  We had to wait for 20 minutes for our table, but we were given one of those vibrating, light-flashing coasters to let us know when our table was ready, so we went outside to wait and people watch until our table was ready.  Awesome dry desert heat, interesting people, and view.We got a great booth and the service was awesome.  I asked if I could apply both gift cards to our total bill and he said of course I could. Win! :) The meals were reasonably priced and took about 15-20 minutes to get to our table.  We all ordered something different and I was hankering for some noodles.  Not sure what I ordered but I think it was deep friend noodles that were then stir fried.  What was I thinking...Anyway, the sauce was thick and the meal sat heavy in my tummy.  The food wasn't super duper in my book, but then I've only had one dish there so far.  Nothing super spectacular about the food that we ordered but we loved the restaurant, location, and service.  You can't beat that!  Oops, wait.  My friend ordered a shrimp dish that was actually fresh and delicious looking.  I will definitely go to PF Changs again to give it another try and we have one here in Seattle.  Next time I will try something less fried.  It's definitely worth checking out if you are in Vegas for the experience, price, and decent menu.  I did love the iced tea, though. Very refreshing. :)
5	I went to this place because of the award that they recieved for best cocktail menu for chain restaurant.  I avoid chains.  This was good though.  I had the black tea gimlet.  It was nice.  You could taste the tea, elderflower, sage, and citrus.  I ate the lamb, the one with the cumin and mint.  The malbec went with it nice.  I like sheep.
4	I was a little irritated that I was eating at a chain restaurant while in Las Vegas, but it was my cousin's anniversary dinner so of course, she gets to pick.  After being grumbly about the situation, I actually REALLy enjoyed my meal.  I had just recently eaten at another PF Changs, but this experience was much better.  Because we had two couples we each ordered the meals for two and shared everything.  I had the egg drop soup and it was REALLY good.  I also had a taste of the wonton soup.  Also good, but I do love egg drop soup!  We had these yummy pan fried pork dumplings and chicken lettuce wraps to start and then we all shared the Pepper Steak, Crispy Honey Chicken, Crispy Honey Shrimp, and Mongolian beef.  My cousin also added a noodle dish.  OH MY GOSH!  Way too much food!  But it all tasted really good and we really enjoyed the meal.  There were two boxes of food to take home afterwards.The service was timely and attentive, even thought the restaurant was quite busy.  We had a reservation, so there was no wait to be seated.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to someone looking for Asian food at the Planet Hollywood.  It's a chain, but it is good, I admit it!WHAT CAN THEY DO TO GET FIVE STARS?~Not be a chain restaurant?  I don't think that's entirely fair, but for me what makes a five star restaurant is something unique.  I can eat at a PF Changs any time, anywhere, so that takes away a little something from the experience.
4	My facorite location, after a few days non stop drinking in Vegas, I really need salty food to absorb leftover alcohol in me to feel slightly better...I've always liked the decor and seatings here.The hangover cure food I usually like to order: Chang's vegetarian lettuce wraps, made with tofu: so yummy, no matter how hangover I am, I still need veggies ;p Hot & Sour soup, chicken, tofu, bamboo shoots, egg & mushrooms, balanced with hot white pepper and vinegar: this is a MUST for hangover! Always makes me much better.... Very deliciousPepper steak, marinated flank steak tossed with yellow onion, red & green peppers in a garlic and black pepper sauce: hubby's favoriteHunan-style hot fish, Crispy slices of tilapia in a tangy, spicy sauce with stir- fried vegetables: Spicy spicy spicy, only way for bad hangover! I like all those dishes with Taingtao beer, service is always good. Funny I like Americanized Chinese food much better than authentic Chinese food, I like salty sometime for some reasons, but never greasy and oily, P.F.Chang food is salty without greasy, just what I need & love sometime! ;p
5	WOOHOO - Shoutouts to the Mongolian Beef!!  We had never tried a PF Chang's before, and, were delightfully surprised!  Found out after they are new to Canada, and, have opened a location in Toronto (which we are going to try after our experience in Vegas).  Our waiting was cool - young kid from Oregon, working in Vegas.  The crowd there - eclectic.  A little bit of everything.   Our server made the PF Chang 'secret sauce' right at our table for our Spring Roll appetizer.  The 'piece de resistance' was the Mongolian Beef - our entree.  WOW!  Taste explosion!  (and apparently what they're known for)It's Americanised Chinese food - not authentic, but, still delicious.  Know this going in (for any food snobs - I like traditional Chinese food, as well).This was one of my favorite meals in Vegas, and, you don't have to break the bank.  Recommended!
5	Every trip to Vegas includes a meal at PF Changs. Great food and great service!
5	The food here is very good and since it's on the strip you'd think the food would be $$$$ but really it's very affordable especially during lunch time. All the lunch specials include a soup and appetizer and the serving is very generous for the price. They have a dining area on the 2nd floor and you have a great view of the Cosmopolitan and the Bellagio fountains from your window seat.
5	We love this place and go there every time we are in Vegas. This last time was especially pleasant and worthy of a glowing review. We had a group of 3 because one of our group was not a Chinese food fan, but he experienced a change of heart and decided to try it, so he joined us. Our waitress handled that expertly and did not seem annoyed by the extra order after we'd placed ours. Everything arrived at the same time with no delays. And everything was DELICIOUS as usual. Soup, drinks, entrees, all good! It always seems crowded when we are there but they seem to be able to handle it well. We love the view from the outdoor patio, too! Great people watching!
3	3.2 StarsHad a private room for dinner on New Years Eve with our group of 13 to avoid the crowds about two years ago. It was nice and big enough. Servers were really friendly too. The food was just alright, nothing special (this was my 1st of 2nd time at PF Changs). Dessert service was great though. The waiter or waitress (I can't remember) gave us visuals of the desserts so we could choose what we wanted. I had a Cheesecake and it was really good. We ended the night watching fireworks from part of our parties hotel room at New York, New York hotel.
3	Another chain. Not the biggest fan of chains as I say a million times.PF's was the only place open, that had reasonably priced food.It's not real chinese food, but a good attempt at trying to make it so.I've eaten at a few PF"s now, they are all the same, food taste the same, service is the same, and decor is always spectacular.It's a reliable place to get consistent food for sure.
3	I love this chain but you will most likely be disappointed with this particular restaurant.  Located at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino, and along the strip, it's easy enough to locate if you're in the mood.But with so many great restaurants all nearby, I'd skip this place.My main problem with this restaurant is it's poorly managed.  The food is as good as any PFChangs but the people don't seem to care and the manager doesn't follow instructions very well at all.A group of 40, we had done countless emails back and forth with directions on what we wanted and what time we'd be there.  Of course when we arrived, they weren't ready for us and on top of that, the menu was wrong.Tighten the screws people!
3	Went to P. F. Chang's during a recent trip to Vegas.  The restaurant is located inside  the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  I had eaten at a different P. F. Chang's before and had a comparable experience.  The food and service are consistently good, and the beer and wine selection is excellent (compared to other Chinese restaurants).  I would give this restaurant a solid 3.5 rating if you rate by half points.
5	WOW.  The service here is GREAT!!  I called for reservations for 5pm.  I got there at 5 pm.  And I was sitting at my table before 5:01 came.  The waitress was great.  The food came out in lighting fast fashion.  The food was great and the dessert was freshly made.  I definitely recommend this PF Changs.
2	Waited long time to be seated and they put us in the worst possible both just because we came with our 4 kids...it took the food hours to be served and there. We had the soup and after two bites i found a hair in mine...we told them to take it and they didn't even took it off the check at the end. The food consistency was poor - we ordered the same dish twice and one was really good while the other wasn't In short - expected more and was very disappointed
4	Our party of 9 arrived promptly at 7 for our reservation. We were seated immediately after the whole group arrived. We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps as an appetizer and it was delicious! It was a perfect mix of flavors and was very juicy. They didn't shorthand us on the meat either. For entrees, we ordered multiple items, but the one that stood out the most was the Mongolian Beef. It's my absolute favorite and I can eat a whole plate by myself! It has a great slight garlic flavor and the green onions are a good touch. There was only one problem, however. There were a set of twins who had a birthday and even though we didn't order any dessert, they charged for the two chocolate mousses that were "complimentary". We didn't realize until afterwards on the bill, and I wish I saw it before so that I could ask about it. Service was good, nothing memorable. He wasn't around too much, but was there when our glasses needed to be refilled. Overall, it was a good experience because of the people I was with. I would come back, of course, just for that Mongolian Beef!
3	So hungover, must replenish fluids with won-ton soup and green tea - Enter PF Changs. It is quick, cheap and will do the trick. I don't overly love it, there are a million places on the strip that I personally would rather go to for lunch but this PF's is a favourite of my other half. I swear if there were loyalty rewards for lifetime achievement of Hot & Sour soup consumption, he would win!  So, inevitably I end up here at least a few times a year. Here are the things on the menu I can recommend for your day after, tequila soaked tummy: Won ton soup, chicken lettuce wraps, Kung-Pow chicken and I do like the mango chicken even though the sauce resembles a colour not naturally found in nature. Oh there is a very extensive Gluten Free menu, so props to that. **Note none of these dishes are overly authentic. For a much better Asian nosh head across the street to Noodles in the Bellagio.  However, it will cost you double!
2	Normally, I'm a fan of PF Changs. This experience was quite mediocre. I guess it's because they will get tourists no matter if they're good or bad being on the strip. That is disappointing--I will highly recommend you go somewhere else. You have so many good restaurants in Las Vegas. Even Panda Express if you want Chinese-ish food down the street. If you have access to a car, head over to Chinatown for some good authentic food.A few unforgiveables here--my tea was lukewarm. That's awful for any restaurant. No one served our soup--another thing that servers do even in the ghetto-ist of Chinese restaurants.... Our server was kind of a ditz as well. Sigh... I know I will be back at PF Chang's. Just not this one.
4	My flight back to DC was at midnight two Sundays ago.  I still had my room at Planet Hollywood and it was dinner time and I was starving.  I was going to be eating by myself, something that I usually don't enjoy doing so I tried to be good and quell my hunger with a fabulously healthy and nutritious Strawberry Whirl (with Immunity boost.. god I don't want to get this flu!) which I got inside the millennium mall next door.  I was restless and alone and needed some fresh air so I took a walk outside in the cold air with my cold drink around the corner to see what was going on at Krave.  Krave is gone.  It closed in October of last year and will be opening downtown in a few months or so the nice valet for the tony looking Italian restaurant that abuts the former Krave location informed me.  I headed back around the corner into the bright lights of the strip.  My Jamba Juice cup was empty.  My hunger was coming back full force.  I felt light headed and in need of comfort.  I headed into PF Chang's and got a seat at the bar and ordered a Sapporo and some Sesame chicken and struck up a conversation with my neighbors at the bar who were drinking saki and having a good time.  The vibe was great here.  Tony, my server, gave me excellent quick  friendly up beat service.  After I was warmed up a bit with my food and friendly surroundings two beefy cowboys from Houston took the seats on the other side of me at the bar.  They ended up drinking saki too and we had a great time talking and I didn't feel like I was eating or drinking alone any more.   My other neighbors left, and needless to say my cowboy neighbors corrupted me into ordering saki as well and I dragged my meal out for a few hours just drinking and talking with them.  They seemed to appreciate my company as much as I did theirs, but when 10PM rolled around I had to pull myself away and get my luggage from my room (just steps away upstairs at PH) and jump in a cab to the airport.  I did get their numbers though.Thanks, PF Changs for delivering consistent good food and friendly service.  Wether it's Bentonville AK, Tyson's Corner VA, or even the strip in Las Vegas, NV.  You guys deliver and provide a nice atmosphere conducive to a relaxed good time.FYI.. The Large Saki I ordered was only $6.50 and packed a punch and I don't even think it was happy hour at the time since it was well after 8PM.. what a value!
3	Lord smite me now, cuz I never thought I'd see a day where I'd give L'Atelier Joel Robuchoun two stars and PF Chang's a three, but karma dictates that I follow up a crap review with a glowing one, which is what my review of PF Changs at Planet Hollywood on the Vegas Strip is all about.Now, I KNOW PF Chang's is about "fusion" (read - fake) Chinese/Asian food, and I KNOW they're a chain, but they have tasty (albeit really salty) food, at reasonable prices - even on the Vegas Strip.During our four-day stay, we dined here twice - once late night for some noodles and egg rolls; and the second for happy hour (3:30pm to 6:30pm).  The first experience, when we sat in the dining room on the main floor, was OK, but the second time, when we sat at the upstairs (YES, THERE'S AN UPSTAIRS BAR) with bartender Brandon, our server, was even better.Without a doubt, Brandon was the most sincere and professional service person we've met up on our Vegas trip.  Everywhere you go on the Strip, from the baristas at Starbucks to the guys hustling shows on the overpasses to the check-in clerks at your hotels - people are wanting something from you (ie. Tips) and you get fake, effusive service as a result.  Not Brandon.  He was swamped with drinks, being the only bartender for the entire two-floor restaurant, but kept his humor and gave us great service.  We had HH chicken lettuce wraps (always great), northern style spareribs (just ok), and egg rolls (just ok), as well as the Organic Agave Margaritas, which were great.  (And cheaper during HH!)  I'm so glad our last night in Vegas was spent at that bar with Brandon; he made the experience of being there a little more memorable.
4	Tasty Tasty! Just dont sit in the booth by the front door in the winter. You will freeze your booty off!
3	The food is okay. Nothing to write home about. If you have a craving for Chinese food then it will do the trick otherwise go somewhere else. The prices were a bit high too. You are getting fastfood quality with restaurant prices
4	Consistent. HIGHLY recommend reservation. Also, show up prior to reserved time. Somewhat chaotic. Food good with large portions. Reasonably priced for Vegas!
1	I made reservations for 7pm.  When I arrived the hostess rudely told me I didn't have a reservation. No apology. No smile. Our server stepped on my husbands shoes and didn't say excuse me. The calamari was so salty I had to return it!
4	Typical PF Changs. Hot and sour soup was so good. I had the Chilean sea bass. Which was really good.  We also had the dynamite shrimp which was good. My husband had the orange chicken which he liked but it wasn't what he expected he wanted it to be more on the sweet side but it was still tasty. We also had the salted caramel cake dessert and it was amazing. It was also kind of cool to sit outside you could seee the fountains across the street while you're eating.
4	Always so yummy!
5	On another trip to this fine restaurant, we were happy to see that the dedication to the customer experience is still in place. We were just off the plane and hungry, and our lunch was delivered very quickly! The manager on duty was checking on tables and greeting customers, and he was not above removing a used plate or two. Nice touch!
4	P.F. Change's top tips:-Make a reservation if you're going for dinner. -There is a gluten free menu section-Veggie-friendly-Yummy cocktails (my favorite was the coconut lemon sour)-Outdoor seating
4	Love the lettuce wraps for a light lunch option! Our server wasn't all warm and friendly, but he did well, our food came fast, very inexpensive, we were happy :)
3	This P/F Chang's is located on the casino floor of Plant Hollywood Hotel and Casino. I had never been to a P.F. Chang's before, and wanted to check it out before I left Vegas, so my bf and I had a quick bite to eat here after we checked out, and before we went to the airport.  The restaurant was pretty full, but there was plenty of space at the bar, so we sat there.  I ordered the lettuce wraps, and my date the pork dumplings.  These were both pretty good. For entree my bf ordered the Mongolian beef, and I had the dan-dan noodles.  My bf loved his beef, but it was waay too salty for me. I was excited for my dan-dan noodles to come out because that's my favorite food at my favorite  Chinese restaurant back home, but these did NOT deliver, and I was pretty damn sad. :(  I hardly ate any of my noodles.  Sadness.It's definitely an Americanized Chinese food place, but they have a wider selection of traditional Chinese dishes, which I appreciated.  I'll prob come back here if I'm staying at Plane Hollywood, but am going to avoid the Mongolian beef and unfortunately my beloved dan-dan noodles. :(
2	Horrible!  We waited for over an hour for 3 gluten free fried rice dishes and one other dish.  Finally had to ask to see the manager.  He was stunned we were waiting. Many, many other tables had come and gone.  Our waitress never once came to our table to talk about the wait.  The manager then claimed it was because we had gluten free.  We eat at PF Changs often. This was not a gluten free - takes an hour issue.  It was a bad waitress and cook staff issue!  Will not go back to this location ever!
5	What can I say?  I'm a sucker for americanized asian food.  I was surprised by how good the service was for our group of 5 considering this PF Chang's is inside the busy Planet Hollywood casino.  We were seated quickly for dinner in a large booth that comfortably fit all of us.  Our server was very good at making suggestions and making sure we didn't go dry.  I love Chang's spicy chicken and the fried rice.  If you've been buffeting it up for a while you'll probably want to share a meal with someone here because the portions are HUGE.  I also love the Kirin draft beer - I don't get to have this very often!  This is a great option on the strip if you're tired of buffets and overly expensive steakhouses.
5	This review is strictly for the upstairs bartender that was working on 4/13. So we had tickets that night for the Beatles LOVE show over at the Mirage, but we wanted to eat first. We tried a few places but they all had a two hour wait. We go over to PF Changs which had an hour wait so we put our name down. Out of nowhere a bartender comes downstairs and says there are seats at the upstairs bar we can sit at, and we wouldn't need to wait. SCORE!! That's what I call being in the right place at the right time.... We head upstairs and order our drinks plus our food. The bartender was very nice and had great customer service. We were able to have a few drinks, eat, and still make it to our show on time. I give this bartender 5 stars.... And we gave him a hefty tip! The flying kiss in my profile picture is for people like him.
2	It was okay I've been there before in California. I think this 1 is a little different for me sometimes depends on the location but I didn't really enjoy it Planet Hollywood. Get customer service but other than that I didn't really enjoy the food there. If it is a next time maybe I should try the 1 in Green Valley.
4	We always ask for gift cards to this place during Christmas for our Vegas trips. It's nestled inside Planet Hollywood Hotel, where you can see the slot machines and what not from the bar. We've only sat at the bar. So this review is for the bartenders, who are great! Hands down my favorite thing on the menu: Chicken or Vegetarian Lettuce Wraps. Pear Mojitos. And the steamed dumplings. They have a killer happy hour. Awesome service. Nice bartenders. Comfy chairs.
1	Service was NOT impressive! I asked for a corner table which was unoccupied, for my mom and myself, but the hostess said something about it not being available. The freaking row of tables there was empty!!After we were seated and placed our order. A couple came in and long and behold the hostess gave them the table I wanted! There was no reservation whatsoever at this place so WTF?????
2	GREAT WALL OF SALTWe came here late on a Saturday night, after a long day of work. We were starving and just needed food. PF Chang's would not have been my first choice but one of the guys in our group was vegetarian, so we had to play it safe. We decided to sit outside and do some people watching, while we were waiting for our food and drinks. There was a lot of crazy action on the strip.  Hey it is Vegas and every night is crazy.  The strange thing we noticed was that everyone stops to take a photo with the PF Chang Statue in front. Why? Those people aren't even eating here. Do they show there friends back home a photo of them standing on the strip in front of the PF Chang's Statue? Vegas tourists can be a little weird. Our waitress Kristina seemed to have a little attitude but then we found out she was originally from New York and that explained a lot. I know that sounds bad but I mean it as a compliment.  She was sassy and full of attitude but then after realizing she was from NY we knew she was actually being nice.I started my night out with the organic margarita. It is one of my favorites. In fact, I make these same drinks at home. Yes I stole the recipe from the PF Chang's in Mountain View, CA.  My coworkers all went with Mai Tai's. We totally needed drinks after our long day. See most people come to Vegas to have fun. For the last 20 years I have been coming here for work, so I really do not know what Vegas fun is anymore.  As you can tell because I am getting excited about an organic margarita. Look out Vegas I am on fire.We then decided to order a bunch of food. We started out with the two orders of the lettuce wraps...one chicken and one veggie. The tofu in the veggie lettuce wrap was disgusting.  We also got a tuna Tataki, which was really yummy. My favorite part was the jalepeno on top. I always like some spicy to my food.For dinner we decided to grab a variety of dishes. We ordered the shrimp, chicken & pork fried rice, Chang's spicy chicken, Tofu Pad Thai and the Kung Pao chicken extra spicy. Everything was edible but extremely salty.  We needed a couple of rounds of water to wash the salt down.  Honestly it was almost hard to eat but we were so hungry we just kept going. And I was not the only one at the table that made that comment, so I knew I was not being salt crazy.I would like to feel like I know authentic food.  One of the best things in my life was getting to work in Asia and actually getting to experience the amazing food. But the bad part about these experiences is that it ruins the taste of most of the Asian food available in America including chains like these. To recap my evening here: Our waitress was great. My drinks were delicious but the food was just okay. I can hardly believe, at one time, I was in love with PF Changs but I am just not in love with it anymore. I wish I could share more but I just wasn't that impressed.  I honestly don't have that much to say, which is strange for me.
3	I've eaten at this PF Changs 2 other times.  Reviews not written back then because they were all pre-Yelp.  One thing consistent with both experiences was the long wait.  And because Pei Wei (aka their baby cousin) taste pretty much the same, I never made my way back here. Well, my most recent visit was for a friend's wedding celebration.  Congratulations Jenny on wedding number #3.  I know we joke about it.  3 times a charm!!Couple of things to point out first;1.  We had the whole upper level to ourselves2.  The food was served buffet style3.  Great view of the strip from our dining areaI actually liked the fact that we had the whole upstairs to ourselves.  This meant we can all enjoy the celebration without worrying about other patrons.  I knew I was eating cake later and having a couple of drinks, so I didn't take full advantage of the buffet.  I kept it to one plate.  I had their chicken lettuce wraps and their beef with broccoli.  There was a bunch of other usual's at the buffet (i.e. noodles, meins, rice, and wontons).  The food here is always consistent. I'm still a fan of the food, just not a huge fan because the wait here always seems to take a long time.  I also spent some time at the bar catching up with friends. I had a few drinks.  The bartenders and waitresses were all efficient, at least with me.  One of my friends felt slided a little since her drinks always took forever or forgotten while mine were always right on.  All this did was just remind me about the service or lack of at the location.  But in the end, I'm not complaining because we were celebrating one of my closest friend's wedding, the food was free, and the drinks kept me happy.  PS:  Some of the other guests thought that the service was worth 2 stars and would have written a review if they Yelped.  While some thought it was a solid 4 stars.  I guess it comes down to the individual who's reviewing this place.  For me, I think 3 stars is just about right. Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Beef w/Broccoli:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=IKqfVSPfduTaIAjSDcli1A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQRum and Coke:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=38AfMKWwu7Vahz_gpDkwiQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQFortune Cookie:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=L1Dcml91sXP2wq5fRoWctQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQPF Chang's (Everyone had this):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=AJTLbeGVFpOWlKLLzsGwgg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQWedding Cake:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RU17fdP3odQM9hC_z5A9Kg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	We first tried soothing lettuce wraps at the Reno Air Races and loved them so we were pleased to get a chance to go to the restaurant it self. Figure if the food they make at an event is good the restaurant will be even better. So we visited for lunch while at CinemaCon this year. We were pleasantly surprised. Our waiter was very good. The food was just what I wanted. I can not say enough good things about our visit. Waiter (I wish I remembered his name, Has tattoos, used to have an old scooter in Reno) He did an excellent job! He recommended wine and cocktails for us, was friendly (hence how I heard he used to have a scooter, He commented on my scooter tattoo) and still very professional and attentive. We had a great time and can not wait to visit again.  Also please tell corporate we want PF Changs back at the races! We missed you in 2012!
4	This was a really great experience.Sitting outside watching the Strip turn into nightmode while dining on exquisite asian foods.The service was outstanding and the food just delicious.The Edamame's were a great starter and plentiful at that. Enough for two people.The ORANGE PEEL BEEF (Sichuan-style flank steak tossed witha mild chili sauce and fresh orangepeel ) was amazing my tastebuds into oblivion. What an awesome receipe. I just wondered why it was marked as hot, since it wasn't really that spicey. The server gave me a choice of white or brown rice which is easy enough to do, but most asian restaurants don't do.The CRAB FRIED RICE(Wok-fried ricewith lump crab meat, shiitake mushrooms, asparagus, egg, smoky bacon, zesty lemon and Sriracha) was a little bland. The asparagus was on the dot as were the other ingredients. The mixture made for an interesting taste, that might've been better with more spices.The prices were at app. $15 / main dish and average at that.
5	WOW. BEST. SERVICE. AND. SERVER. EVER.let me just say CHRIS was just AMAZING i wish i can present him award for being the best server ever! he was friendly, attentive, and just awesome. it's very rare to come across such great service. my boyfriend and i ordered shaking beef and we asked for extra onions and chris gave us a whole PLATE! we were soo amazed on how much they gave! we also ordered the scallop/ shrimp kung pao plate and loved every bite. he even brought me out a birthday cheesecake because he knew it was my 21st! i would come back just for chris as well as the food. chris is you're reading this thank you for your service and the great time.
4	awesome dumplings and delicious soup ! also i had the orange chicken and it tasted awesome! fast service great food, perfect lunch!
3	I like P.F. Chang's. I really do, however, there were a couple things that turned me off to this experience at Planet Hollywood. First off, I asked them to go light on the pepper flakes on my Kung Pao, since I am a baby when it comes to heat. And of course, it was loaded with pepper flakes. However, it didn't really  matter in the long run because our waitress's breath smelled like a dumpster and she kept breathing on me. Pop a mint, honey! I totally lost my appetite because her ass mouth and avoided conversation with her like the plague. Also, she was slower than cold tar, it took forever to get each course.
5	Perfect Service and good food
3	Food was okay. Seemed way more salty than visits to other locations. Service was okay. Typically busy because it's on the strip. Friday at 3pm. The only thing I enjoyed wass trying the new Ahi Crisp appetizer. Delicious!!!! I ordered Dan Dan Noodles and the noodles were so overcooked. The texture was not appetizing. Noodles were much different on other occasions.
4	Great location on the strip at Planet Hollywood. Sometimes it's nice to get food somewhere you know what to expect.  The food was just as great as home, which is what I was hoping for. Went for happy hour and sat at the bar. Brandon suggested a delicious white wine to pair with my meal. Perfect pairing. Thank you Brandon! Happy hour M-TR 3pm to 6 pm is nice if you are looking to try a couple appetizers and have a couple drinks for a reasonable price. Would come back next time in Vegas.
5	I love PF Changs and this location is great. Not much different from other locations but is a bit more pricey. Service is great and is in a great casino.
3	Slightly better than average is what i would say to describe the food here. The Chicken with Black bean sauce; good. The garlic noodles; good. The hot and sour soup; good. I got it to go so I can't comment on the service here, except for the person who gave us our food. She was nice. Seriously, it's just good.
4	For a chain restaurant, this place impresses. Great menu selection, quality food and if you like spicier dishes, the menu clearly identifies which dishes could be for you. If you're a dessert person, try the chocolate dome, it's a flourless mound of deliciousness.
4	I love PF and although every restaurant on the strip is constantly crowded and noisy, this restaurant when I visited it was not half bad with the noise. PF has amazing soup and their Mongolian beef is incredibly delicious/mouthwatering! Downtown on the strip check this place out!
2	Waited for 45 minutes on a weeknight before we got our table. Table view was amazing on the second floor but that was the only thing amazing during that night. Dynamite Shrimp had no kick at all, Dandan Noodles were soggy, Mongolian Beef was overcooked and chewy and our Calamari appetizer came AFTER our entrees were served. Our server was really efficient though, refilling our waters on point and following up on our calamari. But if i wanted asian/chinese food, i wouldn't go back to PF Changs.
5	Five stars.  I was drunk hey I was in Vegas.I had the chicken lettuce wraps.  So good.  Hubby had Salt and Pepper Calamari I think.  Really yummy too.  It was our first time at PF Changs  We had a blast thank you!  We were  at the bar the bartenders were great
2	Other locations are significantly better. This one sucks balls. Service was good, food was poor. Very dissapointed. Oh well, its Vegas this was just a bad bet.
5	Our waitress is awesome.. Dam awesome seevice
5	Great service and food was consistent just like the few other locations we have visited! Wish I knew our servers name..she was a doll! Favorite thing to order are the chicken lettuce wraps, Kung pow chicken, crispy honey chicken, crispy honey shrimp and dan dan noodles. Can't wait to go back!!
5	I had never been to a PF Chang's before eating there in Las Vegas but I was highly impressed with the experience. We ordered from the lunch menu which also came with a free soup. Julia D had tofu and brocoli and I had chicken fried rice. The portions for lunch were huge (I expected smaller) and I ended up taking the rice to eat as an afternoon snack. The combined spend for the two of us was only $30 which made it excellent value and I would happily recommend it to anyone in search of a hearty lunch in Vegas.
1	The setting and the view were very nice, but after coming here I will never come back to a PF changs. The prices are WAY to much for what you get, and it really pisses me off when I can go down the street to Henderson and get better Chinese or Thai for a quarter of the cost. I know they are in a prime location here but the food is the same price in all the locations even the ones that are not prime. And the restroom is a five minute walk away which was very annoying The server was one of the best servers I've ever had. Come here for the experience and great customer service but don't come here for the food because it sucks!!!!!!!!!
3	Not much to say, standard PFC food, pretty good, atmosphere might be a bit nicer than average, service was just ok on our visit.
3	Ok so this is the first time we have been here so not sure if all the locations are the same.   We started off with the egg rolls and they were the best egg rolls I've ever had.  Then came our entre, we ordered the shaking beef & pork lo mein for my husband and I to share.  My husband loved everything but I couldn't eat any of the meat because it was extremely salty, both the beef and the pork in the noodles were very salty so I just ate the noodles.  With that said I wouldn't take any one with high blood pressure to this place.  I don't have high blood pressure and I couldn't eat this meat.  If for some reason we decide to give this place a second chance I will have to order a vegetarian meal.
3	Yes, P.F. Chang's can be found pretty much anywhere.  I like to stay at PH, so this is always a convenient place to get some fake Chinese food.My only gripe is that I called in for a take-out order and eat in my room.  I phoned in and they said it'll be ready in 15-20 minutes.  I get there at the time they said and I paid.  I waited an extra 30 minutes.  Almost an hour to get my food.  What?And the best part?  I tried ordering a soda and the cashier for the take-out.  He still wanted to charge me almost 4 bucks for a soda.  No complimentary soda after standing in front of you for almost 30 minutes after the time they said my food would be ready?  Whatever.It's not like the take-out line was super busy either.I like this place out of convenience.  I think they deliver to your room too?  But I don't want to mess around with the service fees/taxes/every other fee they tack on.  Stop being lazy and pick it up and eat while you're getting ready for a night out!  Unless you want to eat there too.
5	I'm a big fan of PF Chang's food, and when you combine it with this great location, you just can't lose.  We were there recently and apparently some beauty pageant was going on because about 50 women wearing sashes with state names walked by as we were eating.  Needless to say, all the guys around were gawking.  That aside, the food was great as usual.  I really like everything here, but the one thing that always stands out for me is the flourless chocolate dome.  Please, save room for dessert.
5	This place has great Chinese food along with one of the best managers MIKE F! So thoughtful and such great customer service!!! Thank you!!!
2	Food is indistinguishable from any of the Chinese spots you can order by meal numbers.  Therefore, it's overpriced. I wouldn't mind paying what I did if it was a good meal but it wasn't memorable.
2	This was my first time eating at a P.F. Chang's restaurant and I was not impressed by their food. The flavors just weren't there!I eat at Chinese restaurants regularly in the Bay Area and I'm not a fan of non-authentic Chinese food but I thought we'd try ordering take-out and bringing it up to our room at PH. I do have to say their take-out counter is very convenient and is located next to the entrance.We ordered the shaking beef which was too salty.  I'm a fan of salt but this dish had way too much.  The Dan Dan Noodles were ok. It was a little mushy and lacking flavor. I've had Dan Dan noodles at a lot of other places but this one tasted different. Cheesecake was good but tell them to put the raspberry sauce on the side, it tastes gross.Overall, if you 're looking for some take-out, staying at PH, hungry for Chinese, and have enough points on your Total Rewards players card so you don't have to pay for your meal then order here and try different dishes.  P.F Chang's is just too overpriced and their food is just ok. Total price for shaking beef, Dan Dan noodles and cheesecake was $37. We could have eaten at Gordon Ramsey's BurGr again for the same price and had a good meal but were too lazy to sit down and eat at a restaurant in addition to BurGr being super busy.I suggest going to the Rio and eating at KJ Seafood and Dim Sum if you feel like Chinese. They have much better food!
5	P.F. Chang's is a staple in our annual Vegas vacation.  I know of all the places to eat in Vegas we stop here every year.  This year was a 5 star because of our waiter, Greg.  He was funny and on top of everything.  He started our night off great. As for the food P.F. Chang's food is always good but if you are a true Asian food connoisseur then this place is not for you.  In the end if want good food and drinks that are reasonably priced in Vegas. This is a great place.
5	I really enjoy PF Chang's, and this was just another great experience. It gave me solace in the vast disgusting Vegas wasteland of sadness and grime.
4	Who goes to Vegas & goes to PF Chang's? Rofl. Well, we were hungry, staying at Planet Hollywood & had been up since 5am. Sooooo, this is how we ended up here. PF Chang's is always great. No wait, service was good & the food was delicious! No complaints!
5	My first time eating at P.F. Changs.  It was fantastic and I'd highly recommend it.  It was packed but my group only had a 10 minute wait.  We ordered the honey chicken, pad Thai, Mongolian beef and fried rice.  We also had spring rolls and crab Rangoon for apps.  It all was great and some of the best fried rice I've ever had, which is an odd thing to say but it was delish so it's a must have on my list.  Our waiter was quick, friendly and he knew the menu well so he made great recommendations.
4	Excellent food and amazing service.  What a pleasant surprise.  We were a large group and the manager was able to accommodate us in a very short time.  His name is Chris Hodges - and PF Chang's has got a gem with this young man.  He is warm, friendly and funny.  We will definitely visit again.  Thank you Chris for making this such a wonderful experience.
4	Went here for lunch and the food was to our liking, as usual. We love the shrimp fried rice with plum sauce on the side. The ginger sauce on the mixer plate though, will clear your nasal way if you have any issues. It's that strong! Lol. We sat outside since it was such a nice day and had entertainment as people walked by the guy covered in gold paint, posing as a statue & scaring people. The little birds were flying around and eating rice that fell on the ground (cute but a bit annoying). Our server was decent and wait time was minimal. Overall, it was good and we are likely to return.
2	We always enjoy PF Chang's, but this is one (located in Planet Hollywood - Las Vegas) does not fall in line with the others.  Okay service, not so great food.  Would not recommend!
1	What a disgrace to the chain. I attempt to go there when they first open.  The doors are locked.  They are also dirty with dried saliva on the outside.  So when we are walking away, the man comes and opens the door.  We are greeted by the host who hasn't moved an inch because he is behind his counter with his iPhone in hand and drinking tea or soda....so I ignore that....we are seated outside.  The window that faces the strip had some dried substance that looked like mucus or something...ick!!  So we are moved....then we are looking at the menu prices...I don't wanna pay that much for food when I am surrounded by mucos and saliva with bad service...I picked up and left & probably won't return....shame on you!
4	Walked in for a salad. We met the friendly hosts. Very nice and funny. We had a supposed 10 min wait. We ended up waiting 6. Not bad. We ordered chick wraps and the chicken salad. Nicolas birdsaw was our waiter. I repeat Nicolas birdsaw was our waiter. He made sure with a smile of course we knew who he was. The food was good. Nicolas birdsaw actually originally wasn't our waiter but because we moved and no waiter came to serve us he took over. He was very friendly and had a dry sense of humor. But service was good and food was good. No complaints.  He took control like a manager would and made sure we had a good experience.  Thank you, Nicolas birdsaw.
5	My wife and I are huge fans of PF Changs, so we thought it was pretty cool there was one right on the strip. It was so convenient to our location that we ate there for lunch 3 times during our stay. The food was so fresh and flavorful!! One of the exciting experiences was sitting on the patio, enjoying a bottle of Hess Cab, all while people watching.  Tyler was our server and he treated us so well!  We even had one of the managers stop by to see how our meal was and just chat with us for a bit.  That made us feel special!  Her name was Kristi.  Kristi, Tyler, and the whole staff were so kind and friendly to us.  It was a great experience and definitely merits a fourth lunch visit in the near future.   Thank you PF Changs
5	There is not one thing bad about this place,the service was amazing as well as the food. Portions were very large and the prices were great.
5	We have a PF Chang's at home in the Seattle area, but you can never go wrong with PF Chang's, and we always seem to make this a stop when we go to Vegas.  This past weekend we were heading there for dinner and my cousin (who is diabetic) wasn't feeling so well.  We were seated immediately with no reservations and the manager was so sweet, she brought her a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice.  She came over several times during our visit and checked on us.  We had an awesome time (there were 7 of us).  We ended up finding out she was from Washington State and she even worked at the restaurant we frequent in WA.  Planet Hollywood PF Chang's is awesome!!  Thank you!
3	Worst hostess in the world. So rude! Inappropriate....no class. All the other staff is great but you might want to reconsider the rude front line. It's not the first time this has happened to me or friends of mine.
5	The dinner we had at P F Chang's was one of the best meals we had during our 5 day visit to Vegas. It was the first time any of the five people in our party had been to Chang's, and we weren't sure because it is a chain restaurant.  Everything we had from appetizers to dessert was great, but the best part was our server Jose.  To say he should be mentoring every server in Vegas, would be an understatement. Although he was quite busy, he made us feel like we were his only table.  We liked the food and service at Chang's so much, that we made a second trip before leaving town. For a really good, moderately priced dinner in Vegas, check out Chang's at Planet Hollywood.
5	This location is inside Planet Hollywood Casno.Always good service. I like to sit at the bar for a quick fix. Seasonal Menu is always worth a look along with the standard menu. Consistently open late.
4	We were recently here and enjoyed it immensely. My wife and I always have the lettuce wraps. These are to die for. We have yet to have a pleasant experience that any PF Changs. The staff particularly at this restaurant with very helpful in helping the tourist around Vegas. It is a tad smaller than your average Changs but it's a great place especially to get out of the heat. This is Steve justce getting lucky in Vegas. Signing off.
5	Very good and large portions!Nice inside out of the sun and heat.  Our waitress was able to find out some questions we had about the strip that she did not know so that was very nice.She also made a special sauce that was very good.
2	We have been to multiple PF Chang's throughout the US. This was the worst experience by far. Our server Mariam seemed to pay very little attention to our table. We literally had to call her every time we needed something. The food can be a lot better. I had to speak to the manager about the server. He was appreciative enough for our feedback. I hope we get a better experience the next time we visit since we love PF Chang overall.
5	The PF Changs here in Las Vegas is one of the better ones. You would think they would all be the same but they are not.  Very good food. A little pricey perhaps for some but if my husband likes it you know it's great. Pot stickers steamed for an appetizer and shrimp for dinner. Excellent.
2	Very disapointed with this location. Limited menu, lower quality food (dry rice) and super slow service. Not up to the high standards of the rest of the P.F. Chang chain.
4	There wasn't anything unique about the dishes, but it was satisfying. The service was excellent though. Our waiter was prompt, informative, and very friendly.
5	From start to finish our experience at PF Changs was amazing. We were seated as soon as we walked up, our drink order was taken and received within five minutes and our food arrived shortly after we ordered it.The waitress was amazing, she was attentive and checked on us often during our meal, never letting our glass go empty.The food was excellent, and the portions were big enough we even had some leftover for a late night snack!
4	Typical pj changes but huge. We waited forever in line. It was almost ridiculous. I had to go for a work adventure but everyone liked the food and the service was great. The servers are trained well here. We shared just about everything so I would have to say the food was really good
3	Obviously it's a fancy Panda Express. All Americanized but let's get to the point. When I walked in, the servers were unprofessional and ignored me for a minute. That reduces a star. The server also handed me the menu and didn't say anything. Although the waiter was kind, that's okay for now.Sesame cucumber- under was soy sauce.. Really salty...My entrees came and it tasted like the plates have been sitting there for seven minutes. Outside was warm/murky inside was a little hotter.I ordered lo mein (chicken fried noodles) and coconut veggie curry.Best was the curry but kinda salty and they give you a bowl of rice. With tips, Total was forty dollars. Blah.
5	This is a very busy location, but were super every time we went!  Gluten free done right at this location.  For being a very busy spot, the staff was very attentive and well trained.  They do have a walk up take out window as well if you want to just grab a bite and take it back to your room.
4	Well..another great meal in Vegas. .good value for money..4 starters..4 mains..1 rice..1 noodles and drinks for six people. . $140. Recommend the salt pepper calamari and barbecue ribs..honey  chicken and mongolian beef...(and no need to wait 2 hrs to eat a burger at Gordon Ramseys next door !! )
4	This is more of a three star review but I gave it an extra star because of how much of a sweet heart the waiter was. We had just gotten into Vegas and this location is not ideal because of all the people outside of P Hollywood trying to get u to join things and what not. We asked him how the hell can we get out of here and not pass the people out front? And he gave us directions to go out the side door Hahaha. Anyways, the food was so so. It's a PF changs. Not terrible but not great. Dan Dan noodles kind of watery. If you're hungry and have a coupon like we did it's worth stopping
4	Same great food, different location. Gave it an extra star cuz I was on vacation.
3	This location is in the Planet Hollywood casino so to get to it you have to go through the casino floor which means walking through clouds of cigarette smoke.We were with a large group (about 24 people) and the menu had already been chosen by the person holding the shindig.  The meal consisted of: vegetarian lettuce wraps, fried green beans, pork dumplings, lemongrass salad, Kung Pao scallops, honey chicken, mongolian beef, pork lo mein, and brown and white rice. Perhaps it was because of the size of the group, but everything (except the Mongolian beef) seemed really greasy.  Greasier than usual.  And the scallops were overly fried and greasy at the same time.  Still, I left with a full stomach and satisfied taste buds.Their Moscow Mule was fabulous, though.  The service was really slow because it was only one server for about half the meal.  Once he had backup, things went much better.
4	The curry was awesome.  We had some California rolls with this sauce that was good too.  Great for quick bite.
5	We ordered a california roll for an appetizer and the spicy chicken and beef for our entree. The food came out quickly. The white pear mojito was recommended by our waiter and it was delicious. The waiter was definitely on the ball.
4	The food was awesome and the service was very good. The northern ribs are great and  you should try the lettuce wraps... Now I am hungry again
3	Wedding rehearsal dinner..... Service was pretty good to start, dining area for a group was very nice.....you can fit 10+ easy....we are gonna eat here in a minute so j will update later.....Haven't eaten a of Chang's in a while so I will be interested in seeing how it goes....
4	Always a winner!  Nothing bad to say...Great service by Sarah!!!
3	I don't know... PF Chang's just doesn't do it for me. I love Asian food but I've had better at hole in the wall restaurants than I've had at PF Chang's. The pricing is a bit high, but I understand because it is a nicer atmosphere. People rave about their lemon chicken but I think it's a bit average. I don't know... I just don't get the hype.My coworkers and I went to this location for a dinner meeting and were sat in a very nice, private room. They only left 1 server to deal with all 20 with us, so both food and drink service was very slow. Orders were forgotten and it took over 3 hours for us to eat.
3	I have ate at the St Louis resturant a few times and was never dissatisfied. This is my first visit to the las vegas location and I was a little disappointed in the service and the food. So to start off we are waiting to be seated the hostess trys to stop one of the waitress to seat us and she mumbles something back in the lines of she is busy so the hostess starts to seat us and another waiter jumped in and seated us. It took about 10 mins before waitress came and took our drink and food order. We get our soup and i ask for the won ton strips takes almost 10 mins for that and us to get straws that we didnt get when we got our drinks. The servers says sorry about the wait on the strips were busy....now my husbamd and i look around and wonder how are they busy? Yjere was not a lot of people in the resturant at the time, maybe 7-10 at the most. After the soup and lettuce wrap which is hands down my favorite thing the resturant serves this dish is amazing the balance between the chicken and water chesnuts is perfect.  My husband got the shrimp fried rice which he enjoyed but he said it could of had a feew more shrimp in it bit overall grest dish. I ordered the pepper steak it was a little on the salty side and not hot like it just came off the stove asaid from that it was good. The desert was a fav of mine i order it from where ever serves it tiramisu, the portion wad small for it to be a shareable dessert we did the changs for 2 for 44.95 so its a good thing my husband does not eat dessert.  It took forever after i ordered it for it to come, my biggest complaint was the slow service, she told us 2 different times our food was on its way out and it never came til 15 mins after the first time she told us. Not my worst experience at a restaurant but not the best either
5	The manager went above and beyond and made my birthday dinner with my friends the best ever!! We had patio seating with a great view of the Strip and perfect weather!! Will definitely come back to this location.
5	I don't know what took me so long to write a review but here it is....What I can say about this place is that we love it!!!! My hubby and I come here every year on our wedding anniversary for lunch. (4 years total now). As soon as we land and check in to our hotel we come to P.F. Changs! The service is always pleasant and the place itself is wonderful. The decor is great and very clean. Here are some of our favorite dishes. Appetizers: The egg rolls are a must try. Very crispy and taste so good with the choices of sauces. We also enjoyed the pork dumpling and the chicken lettuce wraps. Oh let me not forget the northern style dry rub ribs which are absolutely delicious. Now for the main course. You must try the Mongolian Beef with pork fried rice. The beef is so tender you can't stop eating it. The drinks and beer are really good as well. I personally like the cosmopolitans. Trust me you won't be disappointed. They also have a happy hour where you can eat and drink for a great price. After you're done eating you can go right outside the doors into the Planet Hollywood Casino and have some fun. Overall this is one of our favorite places.
1	Usually PF Changs is a place with great service and food, this location lacked both. I came here with my family of seven on vacation in Las Vegas. We came around noon and at time, it wasn't busy.First off, our server lacked the intelligence to take our order. I wasn't sure if she didn't understand what we wanted to order or if she wanted us to buy the more expensive dishes in order to get a bigger tip. Either eat, it didn't seem like she cared of providing good service.The food was god awful. Everything was dry and had little to no flavor. The rice that came with the dishes were extremely dry. If I were blindfolded and eating their rice and bits of paper, I wouldn't have known the difference. We ordered the salmon and asked it to be cooked well. It came out with the inside still pink/slightly cooked. Overall, everything was poor. I enjoyed the restaurants decor. That's a plus.
2	I've invented an invisibility formula. Sort of. From now on whenever I don't want to be seen or talked to I'm going to go to the P. F. Chang's at Planet Hollywood in Vegas. My wife and I were shown to a table fairly quickly, which was good. But I was convinced that we were going to witness the second coming of Christ before a server approached our table. This was bad. We had just been book shopping before coming in here and I was thinking that maybe I had time to read my new book before we were waited on. I could have written one.A waiter, suddenly remembering that he had a job, finally came to our table and thanked us for our patience. There was no apology offered for our wait. Just an 'Atta boy' for hanging in there. He asked if he could start us off with some drinks but since we already had an eon to stare at the menu we were able to give our full order right away. I ordered the Chang's Spicy Chicken because there's nothing like sweet & spicy chili sauce when you're feeling ill-tempered. I didn't even bother to take a picture of my food to go along with this review. So if you've never seen what spicy chicken looks like - or a bottle of Budweiser, than I'm sorry to disappoint. But whenever I can't give you a picture - I WILL give you a thousand words.Everything started to proceed somewhat swimmingly from here -  and 'swimmingly' isn't a word I use very often so that's a testament to how much better things really were going. We got our food pretty quickly and it was good. The waiter even came by asking if he could get me another beer. He was probably trying to get me drunk in hopes that it would increase his chances of getting a decent tip (didn't happen).Then the invisibility formula kicked in again and we could no longer be seen or heard for another extended period of time. My wife asked if I wanted to get dessert but I was worried that might take another eight hours. I just wanted to pay the bill (or the 'check' as Americans so charmingly call it) and get out. We were finally able to get the waiter's attention and hand him our credit card. He disappeared without a trace for about ten minutes or so. I was starting to think that they truly didn't want us to leave. This must be how Henley and Frey felt when they wrote "Hotel California." And Don Felder too. A staff member eventually approached us and said that their credit card machine was down and that they were waiting for it to come back online. Later on it did. And we left - never to return."Hotel California" has always been a work of mystery with no one truly knowing what the lyrics are really about. I do. Me, P. F. Chang, and I suspect - H. G. Wells. Along with Henley and Frey, of course. And Don Felder too.
4	PFC usually has a cult following of which I'm not apart of lol....BUT... this was the best I have tasted of their food. You can't beat the location. Sitting outside for full view of the passerbys if you can handle the heat would be best. Our server gave us an extra umbrella for more shade. The portions were plentiful and had more than enough to bring back to our hotel.
3	lettuce wraps were great!(not chicken, tofu wrap was better)also eggplant was tastysalmon is not recomended..uncooked
5	I normally have to just "deal with" the overwhelming savory tastes of PF Chang's, but this location's food is just right! We normally get the Orange Chicken and Mongolian Beef and it was flavored just right, not over-salted. The appetizers came out quickly, the food was delicious, and the service was excellent. Even the front of the house manager was nice enough to check in on us right before dessert. We got to sit outside which provided some great people-watching! Big kudos to the team here at PF Chang's. You guys are awesome!
1	I would definitely not recommend it to anyone anymore. This is yet another time I faced horrible service. 1st off, waited for about an hour for the food to arrive and no one even cared to come and talk to us about it. Second, we ordered 3 drinks and given 4. We ordered 2 shrimp fried rice and 1 chicken. We did get 2 of the shrimp 1st and after waiting for another 20 mins, got the chicken one (for the person in our group who avoids shrimps), which had shrimp at the bottom. Ok mistakes might happen, but when we asked about this, the waiter simply waived it off saying "I ordered whatever you guys asked for, the kitchen messed it up, and it wasn't my fault". I wish I could get up and leave right away.I would have given a minus -1 star if that option was available. This was my second if not third (if I could remember correctly) with PF chang's.Please either shut down the customer service or improve for God's sake.
5	Always enjoyed their food here, we ordered chicken lettuce wrap, garlic shrimp with lobster sauce and Chilean sea bass everything is delicious! Our server Brandon was really nice and gave us free tiramisu because it's Christmas. It's a small portion but hey it's free! Love their tiramisu! Good ambience, right on the strip.
3	We love PF Changs but visit to this particular location was less than expected. We ordered our usual hot and sour soup and it came with less soup and more veggies. We were literally chewing the soup. Server denied that it could be fixed since it was big batch made by them and it was all the same.Other 2 items were OK. But overall experience was not good on such prominent location (The Strip).
4	First time ever we (my family and I) went there.  Place is really awesome place - very warm and welcoming.  Clean and awesome view of Las Vegas Strip.  We got seated by windows but right outside of kitchen door - was kind off HUUMMMM.... Staff was very understanding and happy to serve you.  We ordered vege noodles and lettuces wrap - food was just awesome!  We sure will come back for more....
