5	I JUST HAD THE BEST LUNCH EVER!!!! CARB-TASTIC!!!I almost feel I should leave this review in two parts.....one for a take-out experience and one later for a dine-in.Today is the Take-Out.So, on the suggestion of the Awesome Princess Crystal Dawn.....the conversation went kinda like this :Damon : I'm hungry.Crystal : Well, I have a cure for that?Damon : Oh really?Crystal : Yes, really, Siena.Damon :  Who's that?Crystal :  It's an AWESOME Italian Deli.....and history was made.  I clocked out for my lunch break eager to feed on something from anywhere new.   Walking into Siena is like walking into charm.  You are automatically surrounded by deli that could easily be a movie set.  I took a number.  Ordered the days special Fettuccine and Red Sauce with Chicken and Eggplant.   Oh, and  3 canolli.  The wait was a little long, but who cares, there was just so much to take in.  The hanging sausage, the cheeses, the baked goods tempting me at the front case.   Anything and everything you could possibly want and thought you could only find in NYC.I walk out the door lunch in hand.   As I'm driving back to work I realize I can't wait to partake of one of the canolli.   Now my roommate constantly touts the beauty of the canollli, but let me tell you, I've had a few,Vegas canolli aren't a beauty....at least until now.  All 3 found their way into my mouth before I parked my car.  Ummmm...WOW.  Why eat anything else EVER!!!  Why move on to the (what felt like 5lbs. of pasta) Fettuccine I had actually intended to be my lunch.   But I did it, and it was worth it. ( I can't believe I ate the WHOLE thing. )  Now my friends, I need a nap. Next time I'll stay and take more time.  Try that beautiful Sicilian pizza they had.  Until then  canolli wishes and spumoni dreams.Siena Deli - FOR THE FAMILY, BY THE FAMILY
5	Another awesome review for Siena.  I've been going there for years, and in those years I have never had a disappointing experience.  The character of the place, first of all, is fantastic.  The deli counter is lively and bustling, the market area, although small, is crammed full of interesting goodies that beg to be taken home and placed in your pantry, and the dining area with the red and white tablecloths all lend the place a homey feel - if your home happens to be Italy or even Little Italy.  The breads up front always tempt me with their fresh, crusty look and the cheese selection is dynamite, outta sight.Their lasagna is absolutely heavenly, their Sicilian pizza wins over everything else in town that tries to come close, and the garlic knots will make you unkissable for days but you won't even care because they're that tasty.  Their deli salads are all superb, apparently even the calamari salad. (I am not touching that with a ten foot pole though.)   The most amazing, splendiferous thing about Siena?  They are awesome, honest, just-plain-good people.  One day I lost my wallet there and spent hours panicking.  I called Siena and they hadn't seen it until later in the day someone was sweeping by the register and my wallet had been kicked under the cabinet that holds it.  They found my business card inside and called me at work.  My wallet was returned to me, all eight measly dollars, ATM cards, and identification accounted for.  Visit them NOW, they will rock your socks off.
5	This is what Las Vegas needs!!! Leave the supermarket mozzarella and macaroni salad, this place is the real deal!!!! Stop in for an espresso or full on shopping for dinner!! Where do I begin with this place!!! You can get lunch to go, the most amazing pizza squares or sammies, while your there pick up frozen tortellini and sauce and real Parmesan cheese for dinner. Not to mention fresh baked Italian bread every day. I cannot say enough how amazing this place is. Stop in on yore way home, take eastern instead of the freeway, and pick dinner up at the GEM of a place. I love going in and picking up real pasta and tomatoes from Italy, and getting a scoop of gelato and stuff for dinner. I always find something fantastic on the shelves that I must have and will always go back for a taste of real Italy and a friendly family counter experience!!! GO TO SIENNA!!!!!!
5	My cutie petutie is straight from NYC and he's the biggest deli snob ever.  If he doesn't feel good about the authenticity of a deli, it is not unheard of for us to walk out.  He takes one look and knows if its legit.Well, he loved this place.  The food tasted home cooked and the portions were huge... did I mention the reasonable prices?  I had the sausage and peppers special with a side of garlic knots.  I would definitely recommend... especially since it passed my boyfriend's sniff test.
5	Next time you are looking for something to do with your special lady on a sunny weekend, head to Siena and order the squingili salad, the mixed olives, broccoli raub, gelato, marinated mushrooms, stuffed artichokes, two Manhattan Specials, and a seeded round and have yourselves a nice picnic at Sunset Park, and then go play tag.
5	Never would've thought a place as great as this would be in such a crappy plaza/mall area but who cares?  This place rocks!  Picked up lunch here for the wife and I.  I went with the linguine fra diavolo with calamari and spinach...I'm always a sucker for squid!  My wife went with the fresh mozzarella sandwich caprese style and we got a slice of cheese to split.  All of the stuff was great.  The pasta dish was huge and the sicilian slice was a welcome change from the usual offerings of most Vegas pizza joints.  So much stuff I wanna try the next time we go back.  Can't wait!
5	AAAAAhhhhhhMAZING!!!!!!!!!so yummy we went there everyday we were in vegas except on sunday cause they are closed.Best cannoli I've ever had!best meatball sub....and I kinda consider myself to be a bit of a meatball sub connoisseur. However the homemade sausage pepper and onions sandwich defiantly rivaled the meatball.my brother really like their ravilois and the sicilian sandwich.great market with authentic italian fare.friendly service, fast and CHEAP!!!!!!sooooo good I want them to move to SF.
3	This place is off in the corner of Renaissance Plaza.  It's a small little deli located inside an Italian grocery market.  I'm giving it an ok rating because I didn't experience the best tasting food at the time.  I got an Italian sandwich.  The bread was a bit big, and the bread was a bit stale like it should be with that type of bread, but it cut the roof of my mouth.  The sandwich wasn't anything great in particular.  The stuffed calamari didn't really smell right, and it was cold when I ate it.  I took it to school, but there wasn't a microwave around so I had to eat it like that.  Not sure if it was supposed to be like that anyways.  The food is an ok price.  The worker was very friendly, but when I asked what was good, the only response was that "it's all good."   Haha I understand that, but usually I need a bit more help than that.  I'm going to give it another try and hopefully my second time around will be a bit better.
3	I went in assuming I'd eat dinner here.  The non-perishable merchandise on the shelves (canned/boxed grocery items) was a little sparse--not a good sign.  I dutifully checked out each shelf, then wandered over to the deli counter to consider an order.  Things were just too chaotic--and there weren't that many other customers in the place.  There couldn't have been more than three other people ordering meals/deli items.  The problem was the staff--they just didn't have it together.  I ended up leaving with nothing more than a day-old ciabatta loaf, which has been perfectly fine, and maybe some day when I'm in the mood for a dessert (the desserts did look good) I'll try again.  Maybe I just expected more, given the other reviews, although I don't know exactly what I expected.
4	Food like your mama makes...if your mama is Italian! The calabrese is the bomb. The cavateli, the best I ever had! Great bakery too!So why 4 instead of 5 stars? The side salads are pathetic. C'mon guys? Why insult us with such  lackluster, tasteless, bits of lettuce? If you're going to serve a side salad, make it worthwhile, or don't serve it at all.Also, the Italian sandwich is perfection at Cugina's. The one here is good, but somehow doesn't hit every note like Cugino's.But back to the good....best take out! And uh...the cookies! You must get cookies!
4	I will have to update this review after I dine at their restaurant, because I'm only able to review the deli and market side of Siena.  First off, Siena Deli is in the heart of the shopping center on Tropicana and Eastern and offers a real deal Italian ravioli's, cheese, and delicacies.
4	Siena Italian Deli-This place is as authentic as it gets..Fresh sliced REAL Italian meats and cheeses.Fresh made salads and stuffed vegetables and of course pizza,pasta and desserts served on site.A nice outdoor patio to eat plus indoor seating.This place gets busy so be patient it's a little pricy but worth it!!
5	A deli a true deli! I get pizza and cookies for the kids as we paruse the aisles getting the stuff you cannot get anywhere else. Sadly the Albertsons next door closed making it a special trip when I go, but worth it when I do. Excellent food , dessert, meats and cheeses. I love to get the garlic knots, prob the best thing ever. Trying to snag a man but can't cook ladies? Make a quick swing in and grab a few "homecooked" items and next thing you know yer pickin out curtains!
5	I was reluctant to give 5 stars to this wonderful deli... not because they didn't deserve it, but because I didn't want my first two reviews to be a 1 star and a 5 star. It looks like I am one extreme or the other -- but I was so impressed with this authentic Italian deli that 5 stars it is. Here's my story:I was hopping from one yard sale to the next with a friend when she wanted to take me to lunch. She asked if I had ever been to Sienna Deli, and I said that I never even heard of it. It was decided that I had to try their Italian Combo sandwich.Not quite a restaurant, this is more of an Italian Market than anything else. The deli counters are stocked full of meats and cheeses and more varieties of olives than I knew existed. There are rows of shelves stocked with grocery items -- presumably all imported directly from Italy. Sienna also features a dining area inside and an additional outside patio for diners.We ordered our sandwiches at the counter (Italian Combos) and were given a number card to take to our table. The food is delivered by a waiter; thus it is not fast food in my opinion. The sandwich was warm from the oven with flavorful fresh bread that was toasted to a crisp crunch! Generously layered with ham, salami and cheeses I consider this to be truly authentic cooking. On the table were olive oil, balsamic vinegar (my favorite) and assorted condiments to suit anyone's taste.The food was great... excellent even! I would recommend stopping in for lunch when you are in the neighborhood, as you will not be disappointed.As for the shelves stocked with Italian groceries, that is another story. I find it difficult to pay $3.79 for a can of tomatoes, especially when the exact same item is available at the 99 cent only store. Though the grocery prices were close to four times the available price I decided I was reviewing the food, thus the five star rating. My final thought is this: If you are planning on sitting out on the patio for lunch you might want to reconsider. It looks like it has been a long time since the tables and chairs were hosed down. Eat inside.
4	I love Siena Deli. It's a great lunch spot the Eggplant Parm and Sicilian are favorite sandwiches. The Sicilian pizzas are great, too. Especially love the spinach and ricotta.Lots of goodies to take home, as well.
3	More than a year later, and the staff still doesn't have it together.  I give up.
4	No you're not in Brooklyn your in the desert.  It's mostly all here in a boring strip mall - the older cashier from Sicily, the large selection of olive oil, the homemade cannoli, and the other Italian items one would expect.  It's like getting a big hug from your tough Italian Aunt.
1	The new Siena on West Sahara is decorated nicely but the food is bland and just average AND the service is terrible. The blond, older woman bartender brought us the menu with an icy stare and unfriendly demeanor. And acted as if she'd never seen us before while she asked for our I.D.'s (even though we've been in there 4 times recently) every time we've been in when she was working she always has an attitude. They used to have a nice, younger bartender working but we don't know what happened to her. The restaurant is new and not very busy. I would think that if they plan on staying in business they'd want that old crank to change her attitude or get out from behind the bar. I've been a bartender for 4 yrs and would never dream of acting like her while I'm working. We've decided not to go back.
4	This place is great. They have great hot and cold dishes. I had the eggplant parmisan, the cheese ravioli's. They even had delicious deserts that have peanuts on the outside and are chewy on the inside. This is also a great little grocery store where you can buy all sorts of staples. The deli looks good, I have been meaning to order some deli meat and prosciutto but have not yet. I will let you know how it is when I do, but this market and deli is amazingly perfect. They are planning to move soon which makes me sad. I think the owners are ethnic Italians. They have the Italian channel and sometimes you can even find an old Italian musician playing an accordion and singing from time to time. Truly the coolest Italian place I have found.
4	This has been my favorite Italian deli in Las Vegas since I have lived here.  The recent transition in ownership in the past few years had made it even better.  The quality of the food is still excellent, but they have really cleaned the place up and made it more enjoyable to stay and eat in a clean environment.Favorites include the Siena sandwich (chicken, spinach sauteed in garlic and oil, provolone), the Italian or Sicilian sandwich, their pizza, and their antipasto - all of it is excellent.  Desserts are also great too - cannoli, gelato, etc...Even had the pleasure of taking my family on our last visit and they had a lively older gentleman there who was playing the accordian and telling some great stories.Well worth a visit, and a great variety of deli options here.
3	I've dined here a couple times now. Service has been friendly and attentive. Food has been very good. Recently had an eggplant appetizer, rigatoni and cavatelli con salsiccia, a house specialty. The pasta dishes were wonderful. I'm looking forward to when the deli opens later this summer.
2	We went for lunch a few days ago. Nice and A/C's on a hot day. We stood waiting for attention at the counter for about 5-10 minutes before being acknowledged, but we got our order in, got some drinks paid and sat down to wait for the food, which came pretty quickly.The caesar was great. Our sandwich ( the Siena chicken cutlet) was bland but big. The Cavatelli with Ragout was just as flavorless but considering it was the signature pasta dish according to their posted menu, it was terrible. The Italian dude that served us was cool though and took care of our table. Groovy Italian music videos gave the dining space some ambiance. Prices have gone up since they posted their menu online. They seem like nice people and there were some potentially good choices in the deli cases, and we had high hopes after the glowing reviews, especially after getting into the caesar salad, but the experience took a nose-dive with the main dishes. $40 after a tip and a couple sodas for crummy food.  We probably won't make it back to try the pizza. Sorry boys.Overall I'd recommend Tivoli Gardens: It's right down the street, the prices are the same, the food is better and it's an actual restaurant where you're served at a nice linened table.
4	I stopped in to try the new deli over the weekend. It's been far too long since I consumed my favorite Italian eats. The sicilian and eggplant sandwiches were as good as ever before. It was great to have a fix. Pizza is still getting up and running so I'll have to make another visit soon for a slice of ricotta and spinach.
5	Been coming here for years, first the Trop location, now the Sahara location. It's my fave place in Vegas for Italian. I highly recommend the pesto gnocchi -yummo! Heaven in your mouth. We usually dine here on Friday nights, and the bar is always hopping. We've had the calamari, antipasti platters, gnocchi, pizza, ravioli, rigatoni and I'm sure we've tried more but it's escaping me at the moment. We always drink a bottle of Bolla Chianti - nice and simple!The owner is always there, greeting diners and ensuring that everyone's satisfied with their meals. After our tiramisu last night, he brought us glasses of limoncello - totally unexpected but completely appreciated.Oh and they have a deli next door to the restaurant that sells Italian products, and they have Caputo flour. For those of you who aren't familiar, Caputo flour (imported from Italy) is 00 flour that is used widely in Italy and is considered to be one of the best--if not the best--00 flour available anywhere. I love to make my own Napoletana pizza at home and will only use Caputo flour, but it's been difficult to locate it in Vegas. Until now!Yes, I have fallen madly in love with this place and can't wait to return next week!
5	Incredible!! My wife and I are so glad that Siena has come to the west side! We used to drive to the other end of town to shop at Siena's market and get a slice of pizza or some ravioli, now they're right in our backyard!   We were there this last Friday night for a birthday party and were fortunate enough to sample a number of dishes we hadn't ordered on previous visits. First and foremost on our last visit was the gnocchi with basil pesto. The gnocchi is far lighter than at most restaurants and the basil pesto was perfect. The pizza was also exellent! Thin, crisp crust made with double zero flour and charred to perfection. The antipasto platter is a great starter for any meal. Our meal ended with my favorite dessert, tiramisu and port!   Chef Giancarlo spent a great deal of time with us and made sure we all had a great time and an excellent meal. He even broke into his private stash of Lemoncello and had an after dinner drink with us. There aren't many places where the owner/ chef spend the time with the patrons that Chef Giancarlo does at Siena. If you like great Italian food and an all around cool spot, Siena is it!  BTW, the wine list is great and priced right.
3	We ate at the deli.  Their eggplant Parmesan sandwich was delicious, but only contained one thin layer of eggplant (perhaps one quarter of 1 inch thick).  For the price, it was poor value although quite tasty.
4	This used to be Bertolinis and the decor has not changed much.  I have eaten here with family on two busy Friday nights.  The service was great and the food was even better.  Our waitress worked quickly to correct an incorrect order being given to our table and the manager was very apologetic. The live music in the bar ranges from good oldies to more recent tunes and the manager can be found walking around to be sure all is running smooth.  Great for families or couples.
2	Review is for the store/market part of Siena. I used to come here for their great ricotta. Thought it was Polly-O. They have huge gallons of it you can buy. I just picked up a small deli container. Bring it home - its not Polly-O (wat?!?) flavorless, runny and nowhere as good as the ricotta I got from them at their eastside location. Not sure what's up with that, but from now on I'm getting my (Poly-O) ricotta from the Roma deli on Spring Mtn. Also picked up a, $8 ball of mozzarella. No flavor. What's up with the cheese situation here, Siena. Italian and their cheese are supposed to be top notch, no excuses. At least make your own mozzarella in-house. Come on.  I have ordered their grilled eggplant sammie before (again, from their eastside location) and it was great. Will report back at some point if its still quality on this side of town. Overall not too happy with my $$$ purchases from the fresh deli side of the house.
3	This review is for the Trattoria half of this business. I am a long time customer of the Siena Deli that was at Tropicana and Eastern. I used to eat lunch there whenever I was within 5 miles when I used to have my mobile computer repair business in Las Vegas. After I moved to Colorado I always ended my road trips to Vegas with a stop to get lunch and to purchase some sausage or other Italian meats to put in a cooler to take home with me. So when I heard that Siena closed my old favorite Deli and opened a Trattoria/Deli I couldn't wait to give it a try. Needless to say by my 3 stars that my first trip to the new place wasn't a good one, if it wasn't for the food I would have given them 1 or 2 stars and maybe my Italian anger is still too strong to write a fair review but here's what happened. My wife had received an anniversary coupon from their email club so when we were back home on a business trip celebrating our anniversary we drove all the way up the west end of Sahara. My wife ordered the Ravioli Burro E Salvia (Cheese Raviolis on Marinara with a butter sage reduction) and I ordered the Sausage pinwheel with a side of Broccoli Rape, I always knew this as Robbies, Broccoli Rabe or Rapini. My wife loved her Raviolis and I really enjoyed the Sausage. But when I asked the waiter if they had Broccoli Rabe thinking that it might be out of season and he said yes, I was excited as it's hard to find in Denver and I love Robbies. When my meal was delivered on my plate was Broccoletti or Broccotini, I told my waiter that this was not what I ordered but he insisted that what was on my plate was "Rapini". Then to try and convince me he called over another waiter and he also argued with me saying that the Broccoletti was Broccoli Rabe or Rapini. Now, I've been eating Broccoli Rabe my entire life and know the difference between the two and getting into an argument with 2 NON-Italian waiters over what I ordered made me very angry on a night I was trying to celebrate my anniversary. I told him to tell the chef that what he served me was not Broccoli Rabe. When I finished my Sausage the waiter returned saying that the chef apologizes and offered us a dessert compliments of the house. This started to make me feel better. He took away my plate with the Broccoletti that I didn't eat and brought us our dessert.....Spumoni. On their dessert menu they described the Spumoni as chocolate, pistachio and strawberry gelato with whipped cream. What he brought was only chocolate and pistachio gelato, no whipped cream but it was very good anyway. I wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth and was thankful for the free dessert. Then I got the bill. They charged me $2.00 for the Broccoletti that I did not order or eat! I waited for the manager to come to the table but I guess an unhappy customer wasn't worth his time. When I go to an "Italian Authentic Trattoria and Deli" I don't want to order something "Italian" from their menu and then told by two Spanish speaking waiters that I don't know what I ordered. I predict that Sienna will go out of business if they don't hire better waiters that know about Italian foods and what is on their menu. Arguing with Italian customers in an Italian restaurant over Italian food is just plain stupid. If I wasn't with my wife I might have reacted a bit differently and the manager wouldn't have had a choice but to intervene.
5	Still wonderful food! Make sure you go during happy hour as their bottles of wine are half price. We just had lobster ravioli and it was to die for!
1	I used to be a fan of the deli, but not anymore. While the food is good, the service is just idiotic and completely disrespectful. You'll wait at the counter for 15 minutes while 3 employees ignore you and are too busy catching up on their tasks, forgetting that a customer is not a disturbance, but the reason for their job. A bad experience could turn into a positive one with one and only small gesture: Let me know it will take a while or take 1 minute to take my order, so that I know you're not just wasting my time. What makes other's order so much more important than mine that you cannot even talk to me???This is not the first time that this happened... it just gets worse each time... enough to scratch it off my list of good places. I'll just go down the street a few blocks to Roma Deli instead.
5	We had dinner here for our daughter's birthday. The best pesto I've ever  had and this from a person who married into an Italian family. The service is excellent and the staff extremely warm and personable. The attached deli is heaven and we went back a few days later to buy ingredients for a family dinner. While there Todd came out to greet us. I was amazed he remembered us. Great place.
5	They moved to the other side of town. Was worth the drive. Love this place.
4	We've gone here 2 years in a row for a party, and it's been enjoyable both times.  They've got a very nice party room on the side for just such an occasion.The service is great, and the food is good. There are also a number of vegetarian options, good for the 4 vegetarians in my group.
2	I went here for dinner with my family and was disappointed.  We got gnocchi, fish of the day (tuna), and the seafood platter.  The food just wasn't great, and for the prices I would expect higher quality.
3	Before reading my review, take note: I didn't order anything Itaian! Went here for a business lunch meeting. I ordered one of the lunch specials,  ahi tuna, which was served with seared asparagus. Very good. Generous portion. My lunch oompanion ordered the salad with crab, which looked really good. I was impressed with the adjacent market/deli as well.  Many of the regular items on the menu seemed a bit pricey to me, but I enjoyed the atmosphere and my food was excellent.  No problem when I asked for butter sauce on the side.
5	I have been to Siena twice since they opened in the Lakes. I didn't know much about them and had no idea they had a location anywhere else in Las Vegas. So, I went with a frame of reference based on Italian restaurants and deli's I have eaten at back home in Texas. I took my fiance there for a nice Sunday lunch and at first I was bit intimidated by the atmosphere because it seemed a bit pretentious but once our waiter arrived, he put us at ease. They had different specials and they all sounded so tasty. We ended up getting 2 appetizers-The Burrata and the Buongustaio. I also got an entree -Penne alla Vodka- Prosciutto Sauteed with Vodka in a Creamy Tomato Sauce. I was stuffed beyond belief. My second visit to Siena was again on a Sunday but this time I went into the deli to order a sandwich. Well I ended up ordering The Sicilian Sub and Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella platter doused with olive oil. OMG! This is the food of the God's! Comfort food, but on a higher scale. I wish I could make this food at home but I'm pretty sure it wouldn't turn out the same. That is why I will defer to the experts at Siena. This classic Sicilian cuisine with a relaxed atmosphere and they treat you like you are sitting around the family table. Totally worth the money!
2	Service was very poor. We sat in the bar area and had to wait long time for anybody to come to the table and even longer for the waiter, who was also attending the bar,  to come back, despite very few people in the restaurant that evening.  Food was standard Italian-nothing interested or particularly tasty. Ambience was Ok, again standard restaurant. Prices high for the quality of the food and even higher for the quality of the service. Not good value. There are many better Italian restaurants in Las Vegas.
5	I saw this place while my husband and I were driving in Sahara. We gave it a try. And we've been there 3x as of this writing. On our first visit, I ordered the shrimp scampi and my husband got a salmon sandwich. Both orders were delicious. And that's why we came back again. On our second visit, we ordered shrimp scampi (again for me!) and lasagna. We were again left smiling with the food. On our third visit, my husband ordered the eggplant parmesan and a lobster ravioli. The eggplant parmesan was good and we love the lobster ravioli. Their bread pudding is delicious. It's a nice local italian place. We will definitely come back. And btw, service is good as well.
5	Giancarlo has done an amazing job expanding the restaurant, the menu, the deli - don't miss the most fantastic Italian food in Las Vegas!  Enjoy 1/2 price happy hour specials paired with live entertainment, a casual meal, a special occasion - or take out.  All of his breads, pastries and sausages are homemade on premises!  Schedule your holiday parties here and now; or allow them to cater your next event.  Buon Apetito!
5	This place is unbelievable. One of the top two Italian restaurants I've ever eaten in, and I'm pretty sure I lived in Italy in a previous life that's how often I eat Italian.I don't like giving five stars out so I searched and searched for some reason to take away a star.  All I could come up with was the fact that one of the waiters felt the need to stand right next to my table and have a conversation with the hostess completely berating women. He was a complete chauvinist, which was incredibly ballsy since he was talking to an older woman and my mom and I were the only two people in the place. But he wasn't my waiter and the food was too damn good to take a star away.I had the Ravioli Burro E Salvia and it was to die for! It was topped with a butter sage reduction that completely made the dish. My mouth is watering as I write this review.  I had the mixed salad to start, I'm not a fan of the dark leafy purple type lettuce and that's what it was, but I still ended up eating the majority of it.  The bread they brought in the beginning was delicious and warm, the dipping "sauce" they brought with it looked a little skeptical, but I tried it anyway and to my surprise, it was quite tasty.The price was fantastic and blows away what you will spend at Nove or any of the strip restaurants. It's about on par with Maggiano's as far as price goes.I live less than a mile from this place, which is awesome because I will be back many, many times!
5	This is the type of find that YELP was invented for.  The type of place you can't wait to review once you get back from your vacation.  The type of Italian restaurant that's worth a 20 or so minute drive off the strip to enjoy the next time I'm in town.  Yes, it's WORTH that inconvenience, providing you already have a car.I grew up Italian and so it's one of the few foods I'm an expert on.  When you know a cuisine and visit a Italian restaurant, you can -- if you desire -- order the deal breaker dishes.  The men from the boys dishes, if you will.  When they hit the table, you'll know if you've found a gem.  I didn't mean to do this with Siena.  It just sorta happened by accident.  My partner ordered a sun dried tomato angel hair pasta because she is vegetarian.  Believe it or not, there are two deal breakers there.  One, can Siena serve a vegetarian dish that a meat eater will not only sample but possibly order in the future.  Answer:  yes.  It was delicious without being over buttered, cheesed, or whatever.  Clean but crisp flavors, and yet with warmer undertones like a perfect cologne.  Two, angel hair pasta isn't worth ordering because most restaurants overcook it into a baseball of stringy goo.   Or they cook it okay, but it continues cooking on the dishes and dies before you finish it.  Nope.  Siena nailed this dish.I ordered a chicken marsala.  Now this dish is relatively easy to prepare.  Even bad marsala is still good marsala.   But excellent marsala leaves the chicken terribly juicy and tasty, and this dish didn't disappoint.  The men from the boys situation was ---- the side dish.  Firstly, Siena allowed me to substitute my mashed potatoes for pesto gnocchi.  I had to pay two additional dollars but it still only came out to something like $18.  On the strip this same meal would have been $28 and no substitutions thank you.  Secondly, Gnocchi comes two ways:  frozen factory (garbage) or handmade on the premises (heaven).  It's super easy to tell the difference, and this gnocchi was homemade.  You won't make this dish right at home, and so Siena gives you the chance to visit Italian heaven.  Do it.  If you have two couples, order as an appetizer to split.  With a salad.But testing this restaurant wasn't over yet.  My partner ordered ricotta cheesecake.  Another item that's usually not worth ordering these days.  For anyone who doesn't know this:  the cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory is lame and unacceptable.  Siena's cheesecake was not only the real McCoy, but had almondine and liqueur touches which closed the deal.Siena is the best Italian food Restaurant I've had so far in Vegas.  It should replace the Onda in the Mirage.  It's not as classy and innovative as Olive's in Bellagio, but Siena simply serves better Italian food while not being too classic and boring... for a third of the price.  (You read that right.)  My favorite strip Italian (so far) is Rao's in Caesars, but Rao's has a hit or miss menu.  And they stopped serving real gnocchi a year or so ago to maximize profits.  Corporate, corporate, corporate.(In my first draft of this review, I neglected to mention how solid the service was from Justin.  A week has passed since he served us and I still remember his name.  That doesn't happen often for me.)But since I'm a born critic, I've got to say something bad about Siena.  Okay --1.  The location blows unless you're a local.   I'm talking about the location being off strip, not the building itself.  But speaking of which --2. -- the interior is nice (reminds me of a HOUSTONS), but the exterior is bland suburban stripmall tan stucco YUCCO.  The good news there is that the remainder of suburban Vegas is identically wretched and so they don't stand out in that way.  However --3.  -- the restaurant's name and logo are too long and hard to remember.  THIS CAN KILL A PLACE.  How can you recommend something if you can't remember what it's called.  SIENA is nice and neat.  They should even consider SIENA ON SAHARA, which tells strip visitors WHERE it is and infers there will be more locations.  If you want advice on how to make the sign better, hire the guy who did FIREFLY next door.  Siena's exterior look and signage screamed 'local mistake' and yet the interior and food scream "You'll be back."Give it a try, Yelpers.  And Siena owners -- open a second location as close to the strip as possible.  Inside a property if you can manage it.
4	We went here for dinner a couple of weeks ago and had a really lovely dinner.  Very authentic and fantastic service.  My husband had the Ravioli and I had the Penna ala Vodka.  Both amazing choices.  I also loved that I asked the waitress for a wine recommendation based on what we had a taste for and she came up with an affordable complimentary wine choice.  Would definitely go back and recommend it for anyone looking for a GREAT italian meal!
2	I made a dinner reservation for a moderate size party for Christmas Eve and specifically told them that I did not want the banquet room.  However when we arrived and were seated in a somewhat isolated room away from the dinning room, I inquired about if we were in the banquet room, which our waiter denied. (the reason it annoyed me was because I was also informed that there was no "special" menu, which it WAS!) My family is a big fan of eggplant parm and they would not accommodate either. Overall, the food was 6/10, the service staff were fairly personable. I was building this place up for my friends & family and instead all I heard was an earful about their experience. We still had a Merry Christmas nonetheless. Prob won't go back.
5	Went in today for dinner since it's national spaghetti day. I had plain old fashion spaghetti and meatballs and it was fantastic. The sauce is delicious and the meatballs were great. I genuinely love this place.
4	Great neighborhood Italian place. I always get the Cavatelli Con Salsiccia. Always great service and love the assortment bread they bring out.
5	I have had some of the best Italian food ever living near Little Italy in Cleveland, Ohio. Now I have found home here in Las Vegas finally! The Siena Italian Authentic Trattoria and Deli is like visiting Italy itself! Our waiter Todd was very personable and knowledgeable about the menu. His suggestions were top notch and he really helped make the experience the best possible. The spinach salad was so divine, and the deserts were exceptional. But, the pasta was the most amazing thing ever! We each got something different off the menu and we all tasted each others meals... they each were a different type of sauce and pasta and made your taste buds explode with flavor that was just divine and made you want more. I can't wait to go back. Well worth the 20 minute drive from Henderson!
2	We came here for a family dinner and while it wasn't a complete disaster, it wasn't good enough to warrant a return visit. The wife's raviolis were probably frozen because the insides were still cold. The presentation of my lasagna was nice -- sitting in a little sauce pan -- but the sauce was a little bland and there wasn't much meat in the lasagna. They don't have a kids menu but they suggested a slice of pizza from their deli instead of a regular sized pizza. We thought it was a good idea since he doesn't eat much, but after seeing the quality of the "pizza" they brought out we regretted the decision. First of all, they forgot the order and we had to remind them. It finally arrived well after the wife and I got our meals. What they brought out was a square pizza that looked like it was made that morning or earlier. They just tossed some cheese on top and reheated it. The quality of it was awful.We did flag down a manager and voiced our concerns. She was nice enough and apologized, even taking the pizza off the check. They offered to comp dessert but we declined.The restaurant was packed with plenty of older Summerlin folk. That's neither a compliment nor a condemnation, just an observation. It may be popular with some people, but not with us.
4	We went there on Friday night.. The restaurant was pretty empty around 9 pm.. They had live music gong and a few people were dancing near the bar,, the restaurant is a great neighborhood spot just minutes from boca park and red rock casino..We ordered the vegan healthy pasta. I must say the pasta was absolutely fabulous,, we had asked for extra vegetables. The restaurants charged $3 extra per plate for the extra veges. I would have thought it would have been prudent for the waiter to let us know of the extra charge but this was not the case.. Also, since they had to open a brand new pasta box for the whole wheat penne, they asked if we want to take the remaining pasta home at a charge of $3.. We ended up paying about $20 per pasta plate.. Granted the pasta was really well done, I am not sure if $20 per pasta plate for a neighborhood restaurant is worth it..The service was good.. Our waiter was extremely friendly..While we may go back to the restaurant sometime in the distant future, I think there are a lot of other neighborhood restaurants serving similar or better Italian  food at a more reasonable price point,..
4	Love the store!  They had plenty of frozen gnocchi for sale.  Tasty & saved me time!  Bread is awesome, too!
4	Pasta was excellent . Chicken Parma was ok. Dessert Torta di Nonna was fair!  Zuppa Reale (seafood stew) was to die for!
4	The food at Siena is its strong point, and the service is always stellar. Love the lasagna, especially, but everything's good. The only fault I can find is the live music. It's a tad too loud, and not especially good. Luckily, you can sit outside! Great bread. Great cocktails. Great salads. A very enjoyable culinary experience, but the live music has got to go. It's the only reason we wouldn't go again (in the winter it'll be too cold to sit inside!). Love this joint!
5	Amazing fettucine, melt in your mouth noodles, creamy Alfredo sauce, excellent service, definitely recommend a visit, you won't be disappointed! Plus they are current with the times- i.e. wifi, yelp deals, opentable, etc.5 Stars isn't enough to tell you how impressed I was with this restaurant.... I LOVED it. GO THERE NOW!
5	Wonderful atmosphere, food and service. Went for lunch and we will definitely be back!
4	I have been frequenting the bar at Siena often recenly and have thoroughly enjoyed every visit (especially the live music and the very kind Russian waitress).  Tried dinner last night.  The food was fine, but our waitress was just awful.  We had to request water four times. There was also a major snafu with the check.  In any event, I plan to stick to happy hour and bar visits here.
5	It's my birthday and we were out for dinner.  Were should we go?  We decided to try something new and this was our choice.  We have passed by many times, but never really noticed this place.  So walking in, we were surprised by the deli.  The display cases full of sweets and other treats including wonderful sausages and fresh made pastas. They also serve cooked items, for a take home meal.  And of course there are loaded shelves with various grocery items.  After a lingering walk through, we made into an almost empty restaurant.  I think we may have been the second table.  It was early evening but I was still a bit concern with no dinner crowd.Our server came right away and we made a couple of appetizer selections.  I tried the polenta sauteed porcini.  Loaded with mushrooms and assorted seafood on top of grilled polenta.   It was very savory good. They had just cooked off some homemade sausages and brought us a "wheel" gratis.  I love sausage, so this was a wonderful addition to the meal.For my entree I got the "zuppa reale" which is a bouillabaisse with seafood, in fish broth and chopped tomatoes.   It was a bit spicy and very good especially with the assortment of breads to soak up the broth.  The server and the assistants were quick on service, kept our tea glasses full and promptly removed our empty plates.  We admit that it was really good meal, and we do want to return soon.  One of the menu items that might entice us to come again, is the high protein meal, called Misto Carne Alla Griglia, marinated grilled homemade sausages, pork ribs, chicken and steak.  When we are low "carbing", this would make a great meal!
5	We went to the Deli, the cappucino was delicious. I had the eggplant sandwich and the sauce was out of this world. My husband had the sausage and peppers, a perfect dish for a hungry man. Very friendly and efficient staff. A welcoming place for breakfast or lunch, I'd love to try the beautiful dining room for dinner.
4	I came to Siena for something other than your typical Lasagna ... I wanted something different.  I took a look at their chef's specials and found something I think I could love! It was risotto with chunks of calamari in a cream sauce. How could I go wrong! While I was waiting in anticipation I sampled some bread and crackers the waiter brought out. It's always a plus when a restaurant brings out something to munch on before the meal whether it's a sample of their offerings, chips, bread. I love it all! When the Calamari Risotto came out I gave it a nice squeeze of lemon all over. I think lemon juice makes seafood dishes pop with flavor. It was already flavorful but I love dishes with some zing! It was a nice healthy serving so I brought some of it home. I had to reserve room for some dessert. I didn't know what to order so I had the sampler that had 4 slices of cake on it. I knew one was Tiramisu but the rest I wasn't familiar with but they were still delicious! The slices were pretty big for a sampler so it was cool I had someone to share this delectable dessert with. The service was great we were always asked if everything was okay and our glasses were never empty. The atmosphere in Siena is very relaxing with dark wood and candlelight. They also have a deli attached to the restaurant if you don't have time for a sit down meal. I wouldn't mind trying that next!
3	Siena is a prefectly ok suburban italian restaurant.  Service is usually very good and the atmosphere is nice.  The food can be spotty.  The bruscetta would benefit from less quantity, more quality.  I've had it a couple times and the tomatoes lack flavor.  The bread is also pre-toasted and then left to sit.  For entrees i've had veal with mushrooms.  It was pretty good but nothing too memorable.  The pastas are good (you can buy many of the ingredients at their store next to the restaurant).  Espresso is good.  Worth a visit if you're stuck on that side of town.
1	Ive tried to like this place, really! Ive put in a solid effort but time after time I'm just so disappointed. 1st time- I sat at the bar for lunch. After waiting almost 15 minutes for the bartender to show up, I ordered a glass of Cab and the Carpaccio. The carpaccio came out 20 minutes later, and it was room temperature. Now after working in Italian restaurants for most of my life I know carpaccio is supposed to be cold, due to being raw meat. When i confronted the bartender about this all she said was "that's how its served here" I ordered another glass of wine and didn't touch my meal. When i got the bill i noticed i was charged for two glasses of Merlot. at $16 each & she didn't take the carpaccio off my bill even though it was untouched and I voiced my concern about it. When I asked her why the Merlot she said "Oh well that's what i poured you, and you drank it" I laughed paid the bill and vowed to never return.2nd time- Firefly was too busy and my friends all talked me into giving this place another try so I did. It was a disaster. Bartender obviously had friends at the bar so we were ignored the majority of the time, and when we got our bill their were drinks on their that were obviously not ours... but couldn't help but notice the bartenders friends were drinking what was on our bill. Nice dude.. real nice.3rd time- Came in here last night for the live music. And once again... 100% pure disappointment. We were seating in the lounge area and it was absolutely impossible to get service. The little Russian server was not only rude but we kept having to go up to the bartender for drinks because she was no where to be found.All i have left to say now is... 3 STRIKES YOUR OUT.
4	Always a wonderful meal and experience when we visit Sienna.  The staff is very attentive.
4	Wonderful outdoor seating in beautiful Summerlin!!SUPER GOOD!!!We used a Yelp Coupon, which we were told is for the restaurant side only, but they would let us use in the deli.Dinner consisted of 2 Italian Sandwiches (Under $7?!?!?!?!?!?!), juices and a shared slice of cake. (We also had an over priced, not too good piece of lasagna - $10?!?!. But I am not going to hold that against the place)The women behind the counter were very helpful and friendly.The cakes... OMG, the cakes!!! We had the Mocha, Chocolate Coffee Cake.Siena is prime to become out new stop for sandwiches and meats.They have an interesting wine selection and a comfortable set up... TRY IT!!
4	Two of us ordered pastas.. I loved the pasta I ordered with tomato creamy sauce. Both were good tasting and good portion.. They have piano & bass live-music.. It's a good place to have a small date.. The service was just fine.. They have Happy Hour menu too (approx. $7-$10) but it's not as valuable as other restaurants' such as Yardhouse or Kona Grill..
3	Pretty standard for an Italian place. The food was good but not super amazing. The service was okay too, our waiter was really rushed and would walk away before we were done talking to him. The prices were a little high for what you actually get but not outrageous or anything. Overall the it's has a nice atmosphere and a consistent taste so I'd definitely give it another try.
3	Went for a late dinner, the dining room was closed, but there was plenty of room in the bar area. There was live music, that was targeted for a little older crowd. The food was tasty, but not delicious. Comfortable atmosphere and good service.
4	So first off, the only side of this 2 sided joint I am reviewing is the deli side, I have not dined in the main dining room as of yet.This is a great place that my wife and I go to for fresh deli sandwiches. The service is always quick and pleasant every time I venture in here. All of the meats and cheeses are fresh making the selection of sandwich variations endless and very good.The pasta salad and the cucumber are our favorite sides and a great refreshing add on during the hot summer months.Hopefully I will be able to return and sample the dining side to update this review fully.
3	As far as the deli is concerned, this place appears to have it all, pasta, cheeses, deli meats, sauces, bread, etc. We ventured here for lunch on a weekday and surprisingly it was completely empty. The 4 of us ordered from the lunch specials and received the complimentary bread and olive tapenade. The server was very friendly and super attentive, yet again we were the only ones there for the first 30 minutes. I ordered the ciabatta steak sandwich lunch special which came with fried fingerling potatoes. The potatoes were quite tasty, a mix of purple, red, golden and sweet potatoes. The sandwich however, left a lot to be desired. The description was a thinly sliced steak sandwich. What I received was a skirt steak with absolutely no flavor and way too thick to just take a bite of. My first bite extracted the whole slice of meat from the bread so I resorted to cutting the steak piece by piece and eating the bread separately. I wouldn't have minded having to do this if the sandwich had more flavor but it was just blah and boring. The sandwich itself was very large and I was only able to finish one half of it. My friends had the cold cut sandwich, the vegetarian sandwich and the pear salad. They all enjoyed their dishes without complaint. For dessert we all ordered the gelato. It redeemed the meal for me! I had the spumoni flavor and it was creamy and fresh. If I ever return I would definitely order one of the pasta dishes next time.
3	Ok we were craving Italian food and wanted some hearty dishes! We decided to try Siena out! The moment we walked in the hostess was on her iPhone. I totally get that places get boring but she was not wanting to give the time of day! The place was packed and the first thing I noticed was the decor.. It was very....blah. The deli was amazing, our waitress was great and the food was so-so. I believe in second chances so I'm willing to go back and hope to be won over :)
2	For 25 years since I've lived in Las Vegas I always went to Siena Deli on Trop & Eastern for the "Best Fresh Hot Italian Sausage" and finally I get the chance to get over to the fancy new location on West Sahara to get out fix.  The Siena deli is now by far much more organized, lavished and beautiful.  However, their sausage is now a whopping $7 bucks a pound (it use to be $4-5 per pound)........but no biggie, everything has gone up.  I was so excited to taste it, so I get home, my hubby makes his sauce opens up the bag to add the sausage and first thing I notice is the sausage has no color (hot is usually red from the pepper and spice) and just by the look we can tell it is not the same quality and not to our surprise the flavor is not the same either.  The new product is mediocre, boring, and basically tasteless....total bummer and a big disappointment.  If you step it up & spice it up, we may be back but for 7 bucks a pound it better be made with kurobuta pork.  Too bad, it is so sad to see that another good ole Vegas establishment gone bad.  Adios to the good ole Siena that once was:(
1	Do NOT believe the hype. I have been here four times.  Each time something worse happens. I'm not sure who is to blame for the poorly behaved and badly trained wait staff, but one thing I can say for sure, after the fourth visit, is that the poor service and way below average food quality are definitely consistent!My last (and final) visit to this restaurant included:  frozen, reheated crab cakes, that were disgusting; an 11.00 spinach salad that consisted exactly of spinach, six raw walnuts, and 5 pieces of artichoke hearts;  and then there was the entree.  The entree was our final knife in the gut and pocket book.  We ordered the lobster and steak special.  We specifically asked the waiter for a filet cut of steak.  He served us a small piece of grisly meat that my giant, sharp, steak knife, literally could not cut through!  When we told him it was not filet, he was condescending and rude and acted like we didn't know what we were talking about!  Grrr!  We were highly insulted that they would pass this horrible quality and poorly made menu items off as authentic Italian cuisine. If that is authentic Italian cuisine, no one would ever lay claim to it!The manager half heartedly apologized, although she seemed more worried about upsetting the condescending waiter than she was concerned about our horrible experience, and she removed the uneaten special from our bill.  I have not ever wrote a bad restaurant review, however, they should not be able to get away with this in a city filled with amazing restaurant options.   I hope that they can address their issues and be an asset to our community in the future.
2	Nice selection of deli items, but would not recommend the breakfast service!  A side order was not delivered until after we finished the meal and it took some time to adjust the bill even though we were the only diners at the time
5	Haven't been to the restaurant but the deli is top-notch with fresh sliced italian meats. Always great service and great sandwiches. Kids love the spaghetti & meatballs too! They also have a really nice Italian market.
4	Beautiful food and great service! Had the surf n turf and husband had the osso buco.  Food was good, service excellent, prices very reasonable,  and the place is beautifully designed and comfortable.  We will definitely go back!  Make a reservation if you go on a weekend.
4	Excellent greeting from Carolina. Service overall was fantastic. We had the cheese pizza which was very tasty. Overall, I would return.
4	I love this place the food is good, ask for easy sauce on all pastas though. A bit dissapointed with not seeing my regular boys Todd and Todd - it seems theres been some staff changes. Appies and mains are great - but never had an amazing dessert.
1	So me and the wife went there on a Friday night for dinner. It was kind of late and the place was empty except for the bar area.So we got seated the waiter came over took out drink order, got the drinks asked about the soups and was told that the soup we ordered had no meat on it got the soup and what do you know it had pork in it asked the waiter and his response was I didn't know there was any meat in there. Ok I know it happens once in a while so he took back the soup and got a different soup which had no meat in it.On the main entree since it was late we decided to share the steak dish. The waiter takes our order not asking how we want it cooked. Steak comes out looks good and that was about it. Had the first piece which was chewy as gum. Then  took the knife to the second piece and the rest of it was so rare that it was purple inside. Called the waiter over and notified him about this tells us ok I will put it back on the grill to cook a little more. Wow! What put it back on the grill! After we touched it. We were both appalled at this so we asked for the manager.Manager comes over tell her what the waiter was going to do and just side tracked and said oh we can get you a new dish. No I'm sorry, no the waiter said that by mistake! Nothing. Don't want to know what goes on in that kitchen!By that time I was already turned off told her just give us the damn check!One star in for the soup and salad we had otherwise no stars for this place!This place is CUT!
2	I went there for Happy Hour last week.  Good deal on the wine prices and I was happy to hear that they have Happy Hour drink prices all day on Sundays.  However, the inside bar is very limited on space.   They had an outside patio that is enclosed with a/c and the bar extends onto the patio but the furniture out there it mismatched and it has a feel of being a bit rundown on the patio.  I would like to back and hear the live music (no music during happy hour).   The happy hour bar snacks were pretty good but not outstanding.
5	This is an authentic Italian deli and restaurant. I'm married to an Italian beauty and she loved it so much we went back twice.
4	We first came here as we read about the highly-rated Deli in the LVRJ, which by the way, is fantastic and offers a plethora of goods directly from Italy. They have it all; a fresh deli case filled with pancetta, mortadella, homemade Italian sausage, olive bar and cheeses to a freezer filled with home-made pasta and a hot entree bar. They offer dry goods that range from jars and cans of imported tomatoes, sauce, bruschetta, peppers and outstanding dry pasta. And they have home-made gelato in your typical Italian flavors... highlighted by the spumoni and pistachio! And don't forget about the bread case... from chibiatta to round, yummy loaves of goodness crispy on the outside and soft inside! A little imported olive oil and you're done! You can eat in the casual deli... or  the restaurant which is comfortable and unassuming. We came back for the restaurant and were not disappointed. Everything our party ordered was fresh and authentic.  We stared with a different and delicious Ruchetta salad containing arugula tossed with figs and dry ricotta, Champagne vinagrette & figs glace. The cream sauce of the fettachini alfredo was outstanding.  Try the Cavatelli con Salsiccia, a rustic dish filled with a spicy sausage ragout, fresh herbs, tomato sauce & Pecorino Cheese. If you're in the mood for Italian... definitely come here!
4	We hadn't been back to Siena Trattoria for more than a year because last time we were there we weren't really impressed. Today was our 5 year anniversary and we decided to give it another shot. First thing I noticed upon entering was that they had undergone a nice remodel! Everything looked fresh and clean with modern cool colors. We chose to sit in the bar area as Happy Hour was going on and we wanted to take advantage of the special pricing. However, it was eerily quiet, as there was no ambient music playing and it was very easy to hear everyone's conversations as the tables are very close together. We found a table easily and were greeted quickly by Todd, who was very knowledgeable about the menu and happy hour offerings. We ordered some wine (a pinot noir and nero d'avola which were both delicious and about $6 each on the happy hour) and some appetizers right away. We were quickly and efficiently served water, a bread basket (which comes with a very nice olive tapenade for dipping) and our wine. Our food arrived quickly as well. My boyfriend ordered the beef carpaccio and cannelloni. I had the eggplant parmesan. I am a vegetarian and the happy hour menu was slightly lacking in vegetarian options so I also ordered  a pesto penne primavera from the regular menu. Everything was delicious but the eggplant was simply OUTSTANDING. The best I've ever had. it was thinly sliced and lightly battered and topped with mozzarella and just the right amount of marinara. Being a vegetarian, I've had a lot of eggplant but this was simply the best. The BF really enjoyed his dishes as well and my pasta was quite good also. I think they may have overhauled the menu as well during the remodel as it was way better than I remember from last year. The service was excellent, we were offered more wine, our waters refilled and dishes cleared in a timely manner. Everyone was friendly and knowledgable. Our food and wine were incredibly tasty. I docked one star for lack of ambience (no music at all! Not even for background) and I think they are kind of over priced in general but the happy hour pricing makes up for that. I wish we would have had room for dessert, they looked amazing! But we were so full we just settled for espresso which was delightful! We will definitely be back! During happy hour of course :)
4	We went here for the Italian car show and also to try out the food. I was starving so we passed by the beautiful cars and ate first. There's a casual deli area and a nicer dining area. A live band was playing. What caught my attention was the flyer for F1 which I'm crazy about. Ferrari, F1 and food...I was in a very happy place.After the bread service with olives, we got 4 different cheeses (Fontina, Fontinella, Locatelli and Pecorino), gnocchi al pesto and lasagna. I wanted carboncino but they were out. We ordered the Pecorino with truffles but was given pecorino pepato instead. I knew there was nothing that tasted like truffles on that cheese plate we got.Gnocchi al Pesto:I love gnocchi and pesto so it was an easy decision to get this. Huge serving and lots of sauce. We were using bread to get rid of the excess pesto. The gnocchi was tasty and soft and the sauce was quite good. I don't know of any other places in Vegas that has gnocchi in pesto. 4/5Lasagna:Their version brings back great childhood memories when we'd go to this small restaurant that serves good lasagna after going to a funeral or the airport. Tasty. The outside was hot but the middle wasn't. 3.5/5We ended our meal by admiring and taking pictures of cars at the parking lot. Ferrari, Lamborghini, Maserati, Alfa Romeo and few Fiats. Who needs dessert?
4	Im going to miss being able to walk here.  I come here mostly for the deli which serves fresh bread, sausage in and out of the casing, fresh sauces and homemade pasta at reasonable prices.  Fed three people lobster ravioli with alfredo sauce, a baguette, a half pound of sausage(out of casing) and had plenty of leftover sauce.  In the restaurant the food is very good.  I have never had any meal that I could say was a disappointment.  What keeps it from a 5th star is that I have also never had a meal that knocked my socks off.  The staff is always friendly, helpful with the menu and suggestions, and on top of the water and bread baskets.  The seating could be a little more on the comfort side of things but the no frills approach probably keeps the prices from escalating out of control.  I enjoy coming here with the family and it is a good date spot as well.
4	I had only been in the deli and market before. The restaurant is very nice. I really like the look of it. The booths are very comfortable. They start you out with delicious crusty Italian bread, with a tasty olive spread. That alone will keep me coming back. My husband enjoyed his frutti de mare. There was not a morsel of food left in his plate. My friend had  the stuffed rigatoni. She said the flavor was the best she has had in a very long time.I had the special. The Pecchari. I liked it it was just a little under seasoned. We were too full for desserts. We stopped in the deli and picked up some items, including the olive spread. We will be back here, beautiful place, great service, good prices. Very good food.
3	Solid Italian food...good, just not great.  The atmosphere is nice, and they had live music playing in the background on this Sunday afternoon.Started off with the Formaggiere ($12.75): Carboncino, Pecorino Pepato, Fontina, and Fontinella cheeses. They were all pretty good, and the portions were fair since we had about 3-4 pieces of each.Also tried the Gnocchi al Pesto ($13.75): Homemade Potato & Ricotta Dumpling in Pesto. This was pretty good! A little more starchy than I've had, but the pesto sauce was fantastic.  This was the highlight of meal for me.Lasagna ($13.75): Meat Sauce, Ricotta, Parmesan, & Mozzarella Cheese. This was good overall, but the inside was a little cooler than the rest.  The hot parts weren't very mentionable either...I'd skip this one personally.  Overall, I don't think you can go WRONG...it's just difficult when I compare it to my other favorites in Vegas.Pics :
3	We were in last night as still looking for great Italian in Vegas.  This restaurant is very nice, food was good.  Nothing spectacular.  We went into the deli/bakery to grab a couple of macaroons.  They were VERY dry and could tell they had been sitting there for a few days.  Not overly impressed with this place as the management should ensure better quality, but will give it another try to see if this was just an off night.
4	This review is for the deli.I had been wanting to try this place and was surprised to find out they have a deli and restaurant! From the front of the building, the deli is on the right and the restaurant is on the left. I ordered a "Sicilian Sandwich" priced at $6.99 and a "Meatball Parmigiana Sandwich" also priced at $6.99 for hubby since he was lost looking at the bread loaves they had for sale. The girl behind the counter gave me a receipt and said I needed to pay the girl at the front. Heading towards the front I noticed some yummy looking desserts and decided to get a slice of "Pecan Cheesecake" priced at $4 per slice. Hubby picked out a focaccia loaf that cost $1.90 and we were set. The Sicilian sandwich was really good! It didn't look like there was much to it, but it packed a lot of flavor. Half way through our sandwiches, hubby and I decided to switch and the meatball sandwich was cheesy, delicious and something I would order again, but I liked mine better. I had the pecan cheesecake later for dessert and it was much better than other places around put out. The focaccia loaf however wasn't fresh. To be fair, we did come in just after 8 pm, so the bread was maybe baked earlier in the day, but they should mark the baked goods down after a certain point. I enjoyed the sandwiches and dessert enough to return! Inside was clean and the employees were very friendly and helpful.
4	I had no idea they had a nicer resaurant side and a deli & bakery on another. Now that I do, I will be stopping in more for lunch. I always see the parking lot packed with cars when driving by so my wife and I decided to check it out. The deli & bakery side has glass cases of breads, cakes, cookies etc. I originally wanted a sausage sandwich (the sausage is made fresh at the restaurant) but they were out for the day so we ordered a meatball and Sicilian sandwich. Both were good and affordable. The meatball sandwich was cheesy and the sauce had a good taste. I don't know how many meatballs are supposed to come on it but they weren't shy with them at all. The Sicilian sandwich had a lot of flavor for not looking like much. There was either an Italian dressing or maybe oil and vinegar on it but whatever it was I liked it. The bread on the sandwiches was good but I picked out a loaf of bread from the bakery and it wasn't as soft and fresh tasting as I hoped for. I will pick out a different kind next time and give it a try. Good to know there is another solid sandwich in town.
1	We went early on Saturday  night, I had a taste for bouillabaisse. First, I ordered a calamari appetizer, it was hot but very tough.   When  the soup arrived, I was truly disappointed. The stock was poor, the calamari was tough, it was bland overall. The waiter did not ask how I liked my food. Overall, it was an experience I won't be repeating. What's the deal here? They want you to think this is a good restaurant and serve lousy food with indifferent service. Too bad, I loved the place over on the east side.
3	Great place for italian food. Price point is excellent. You can choose from the deli side or the sit down restaurant.  Bar has Great happy hour. Service was average. Linguini clams are great and pasta carbonara.  Yummy. Will definitely go back.
1	Bad experience night before thanksgiving. Car got keyed by front door. Credit card info swiped. And worse of all, osso bucco bad.
4	Ok!  I love this place.  But there are signs- no pictures?  The sign says no pictures.  This is so much better than what I am used to. But... besides the spaghetti with sausage was burnt.  You have have an in incredible egg plant parmasean. Yes I lived back east-all I want is a good egg plant parmasean sandwich.But if I can't take pictures of the store to tell my friends & and visitors how great this place is-never mind?  I don't always send pictures but I  wanted to show friends.  I am sorry you have this attitude.  I just was going to buy pasta for myself, and make baskets to mail out.  I was so happy to find this place.I have never seen this sign in NYC,  but you are better?  Even North Beach in San Francisco, Philly, and Little Italy in San Diego  don't have this sign up, but are you better? Really like the store but  not the attitude!And the sasauge was burnt with my my spaghetti!
4	Very nice bar area & dining room. The deli was nice also pick'd up some goodies for later in the week~   Started off with prosciutto & mozzarella very pretty presentation and quite tasty too! Followed up with a really salad of baby greens, walnuts, apples & blue cheese. Very nice light champagne vinegar dressing .     Ordered pizza  which was good, but not great~thin crust which was nice, topped with olives, artichoke hearts &  proscuitto. The sauce was not to flavorful~    Out server was nice & attentive. SUMMERLIN is a bit far for us, however if in the area I would DEFINATLY try Sienna again and go for the pasta
4	Hadn't been here in years - beautiful new decor ! Food much better too and good service . Wish lunch special prices were less and we would lunch there more !
4	The food is good. Their menu has lots of options. The cheese sampler is awesome. You can try a variety of Italian cheeses you may never have heard of, hard and soft. So good, much better than Brio and God forbid, Olive Garden.
4	Was craving a sub and saw all the Sicilian sub pictures on here so I decided to give it a try. Siena's is a nice restaurant with a deli attached to the side. I was really surprised by the selection of food at the deli. There was also gelato and lots of cold foods but I played it safe and went with the Sicilian. Cashier was was very friendly and the service was fast. I would probably give this sub a 4/5. It was a delicious sub but I've had better. The bread was really good and it wasn't messy like other subs that I've had that are just prone to falling apart. I just really love that there's a freaking deli attached to this restaurant! I was expecting the sandwich to be pricey but it wasn't bad ($7.50 including tax). This may be my new place to go when I get the munchies while studying at the Sahara library.
2	The food was good but rather blah.  Service however left a lot to be desired.  We ordered 5 different appetizers to try the menu and had to ask for fresh plates with each serving and were never given clean utensils.  We won't be back.  The prosciutto though was *awesome* and we will going to the Deli to buy some.
5	The restaurant was absolutely lovely to eat at. Both the quality of service and food was stupendous! I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for top quality and authentic cuisine.
5	Their deli meats are imported, top notch quality & will make your mouth water if you're used to Italian home made cooking. I'm from Rhode Island we're all either Italian or Portuguese & this place reminds me of home.
5	I came here very excited.  I had been wanting to try this place for  forever. We were greeted by a wonderful older gentleman. Who sat us and was our server  He made us feel like family the whole time.  5 star service.  The food was excellent.  My sister got the lasagna and I ordered the chicken marsala.  She said the lasagna was excellent and I thought the chicken Marcella was fantastic as well. Our server made me feel very confident about what I had ordered because his eyes rolled up and he said that it's amazing and that he would actually have that for lunch himself that day as well.  The service was very attentive, the food was excellent  the decore is excellent ,the vibe is excellent and I would definitely go back here again.  After we were finished we went to the deli side of the restaurant and ordered sandwiches and desserts and meats to go. I have tried a little bit of all of them in again excellent quality.  The Sicilian sandwich is one to order and also the tiramisu is no joke.
5	UNREAL happy hour menu at the bar (check out the photos I posted)!  All the items are full sized and yummy. Had the calamari and the eggplant Parmesan as an appetizer. Both were huge and darn near enough for a small entree. For main course got the penne a la vodka and added scallops... Fantastic!  Also had the seafood special risotto. Really good as well. If Julio is working the bar, he won't lead you wrong. This is now my "go to" Sunday dinner spot when in Vegas. Check it out. You won't be sorry.
5	Really good italian food. Good service.  No chicken parm on menu but they made it for me. Can you say 5 stars on seamless?
3	Decent food. Portion size is a little small for the price. The clams were definitely not fresh. A few of them had sand in them. The Alfredo tasted like they didn't drain the pasta well.  Great variety of cheese and appetizers. Service was mediocre. I will try the deli next time but probably won't be going back for pasta.
5	Great italian food great service been here before and will come again plus all my favorite deli meats right in the same place awesome delicious
4	The restaurant was absolutely wonderful to eat at. Both the service and food were fantastic! I would definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a great meal.
4	Siena definitely has a great selection of food. My boyfriend and I always try to go during their happy hour, the menu is priced great! Although sometimes when sitting at the bar, the service isn't always as great as it could be. But love the food and the live music.
2	Went to check out the recent remodel with friends for happy hour on a Friday evening.  The food was delicious as usual, but the service was atrocious. We had two equally  poor waitresses.  In fact, it was bad enough that we were embarrassed to have chosen Siena as the place to treat our friends that evening.  With so many wonderful choices within a 10-minute drive, I'm afraid that was our last visit.  The bar was pretty dead for a Friday night, too so I suspect others have been driven away as well.  How sad, because the remodel is beautiful.
5	I am writing this review to thank the staff for giving my daughter and her friends an amazing dinner for their Senior Prom.  With large group of 12 they were having a hard time deciding where to go for dinner.  Others in the group had suggested going to  Brio but my daughter wanted to make her senior prom the most special one yet.  I had been to Siena a few years ago so I took her to check it out.  She LOVED it!!  It really took some convincing of her friends but she really wanted to get her way....she wasn't going anywhere else but here.They all had a great time.  She said the staff was so great.  The checks were all split up as needed with no problems, they never had to ask for refills and the ambiance was beautiful.  She said everyone loved their orders with one exception.  The vodka sauce, calamari, other seafood dishes were amazing, but the the lasagna was the only dish that wasn't loved.  I had been nervous sending a large group of teenagers to a nice restaurant.  I was afraid they wouldn't be treated as well as maybe a group of adults would.  I am so pleased that this was not the case!  Thank you thank you thank you!!
3	Well the service was five stars. The bread with the olive paste really good. Ehhhh I think that is where it stops. The calamari was bland and too salty the sauce was spicy and decent. I ordered the pesto gnocchi it was mediocre like chef boyardi with green sauce. My partner had the steak and it just had way too too much pepper and the Alfredo sauce for the pasta well let's just say it made Olive Garden look like Ruth Chris steakhouse. The dessert was good. So dessert and bread yes, but food heck no. The portions were also very large just wished I likes my food.
1	Literally was on the table five minutes after ordering. Seems positive except the food taste about as good as 5 minute food can taste. Simple lemonade taste like flavored water which ranked about the same as for blandness of food.  Should have gone to Buca.
5	Took two good friends for a birthday celebration and they didn't disappoint. Our server (we're pretty sure it was Tom) was brilliant from the apps through the main course to the dessert. He had great suggestions, up sells, and was on top of beverages even after a party of 12 came in. Food was incredible and the portions were huge. We'll definitely be back for another evening.
4	I first came to know of this deli last year thanks to Yelp. When you first walk in through the doors your eyes just get so big from all the goodies they have. We decided to order two latte's and two Sicilian sandwiches. Well first of, let me just say, that latte?!, well OMG!, that was some damn good strong coffee, had to drink 3, haha. As for the Sicilian sandwich, well that was damn good too!. Nice to know you can find a good Italian sandwich here in Vegas. Usually I got to Santa Monica when I'm craving a good sandwich and coffee. Since then I've been hooked on this Deli. Now I come here for my coffee and sandwich and all my other Italian needs like my deli meats, cheeses, pasta and of course my ladyfinger's.
4	When you walk into this place it's kind of intimidating with all the pasta and sauces and olives to purchase but after about five seconds you learn how wonderful it is to have a place like this.   The people are always nice and helpful with all the choices. Now, I've only had lunch here but if the diner is as good as the lunch, I bet its spectacular! I always get the Sicilian Sandwich and it's on the mark, I can't understand how this simple sandwich is so good but I could never get my sandwiches to taste that good. The bread is fresh and the meat well is from the deli so its awesome.   My only complaint would be not having a soda fountain in the deli/lunch area but they do have bottled soda and water   I'm a huge cannoli fan so when I can get one to try I do, they have three sizes sm. med, large so went for the Med not knowing the size difference. I should have went for the large cause the med seemed small. They have a lot of deserts to try and I look forward to trying more. All the frozen pasta I've bought and cooked at home has been wonderful. So, If you want a good sandwich go for the Sicilian or chicken parmesan they are outstanding.
3	This review is for the restaurant!The decor is pleasant, very nice atmosphere and great service. We ordered the carpaccio which was very good, however, this one had horseradish which makes some bites a bit overwhelming. I ordered the pesce plate and it was horrible! The pieces of fish were lacking flavor. In addition, the fish was charred so i was not a big fan of the flavor. Even the vegetables were not very good! It's hard to write a review for a place that has nice ambiance and great customer service but the food was not up to par.
5	Las Vegas has roughly 5000 delis- this one is the best of them all.Half of the building is an upscale restaurant and half is a grocery/deli you can dine in- immediately turn to your right upon entering to to to this section. The other half is basically for upscale dinner-quality dates.The bakery-deli-grocery has everything you could possibly need from fresh pastas to calamari salad to real canned peeled San Marzano tomatoes for authentic kitchen adventures and more marinated artichokes, olives, and peppers than you can shake a stick at.Order at the back counter for takeout or dine-in: the first sandwich listed on the "hot" page is what you want to get. It's a chicken cutlet with spinach, fresh cheese, and God only knows what else, and it's frickin' amazing.Runner up is the Sicilian sandwich, the first listed on the "cold" page, with ham, Genoa, and mortadella with mozzarella- get it with everything on it. Fresh crunchy veggies, complementary spices and oil, and the freshest and most flavorful meats and cheeses I've yet encountered. And both sandwiches are made with the freshest, most delightful french roll bread. Oh, and they're frickin' huge. Like half of a single sandwich is an entire meal, huge.If that's not enough for you, there are two cases of desserts- refrigerated and non, with everything from sliced Napoleon cakes to tiramisu and macarons, with a refrigerated case of beverages from Orangina to Perrier. And to top it all off, the service is phenomenal- be sure to get the guy with the thick black-framed glasses, he's delightful! And they have both regular happy hours (3-7PM, daily) and reverse (Mon, Tues, Thurs, 9PM to close) with half price drinks and apps.
4	I didn't know I was in the mood for Italian until we got here! Keep in mind, this review is for the restaurant not the deli. From the moment we walked in & greeted by the Hostess, we were having fun! The Hostess was very warm, welcoming & funny. Our Server was quick, prompt & very pleasant. As for the food, the calamari was delicious, the lasagna was great! My Partner ordered the Surf & Turf, and he felt it was just ok however the Mushroom tortellini that came with it was delish! They have a great wine storage in the middle of the  restaurant that acts as a divider to the deli.
5	I'm having trouble putting into words the fantastic experience that just happened in my mouth. I had the spicy chicken sandwich. The chicken was perfectly flavored, perfectly tender and perfectly crispy. The garlic aioli was just the right amount of spicy. Then, add the crisp just right tomato and thick slice of cold mozzarella. This sandwich phenomenally delicious! And the steamed multi color potatoes were the perfect side to this sandwich. New favorite lunch spot? Maybe so!
4	very happy with everything we had to eat and drink last night.  The service was excellent. The Happy Hour selection is great. I had Lamb Chops, Crab Cake and Carpaccio all items on the Happy Hour menu. The atmosphere is very nice, Seems like places without gambling tend to be much nicer than those that have with the exception of The bar LV.  Will definitely be back for another round
4	Great Italian sandwiches on fresh in-house baked bread! Nice supply of Italian pasta and canned goods.
1	Ok, so I see that they've got eggplant parm sandwiches & I think, "Wow, that sounds good". But it wasn't. I wouldn't serve it to my family & I'm sure they wouldn't serve it to theirs.I was tasty, but it was basically a marinara sandwich. They start with paper thin slices of eggplant & bread it on both sides more than tripling it's thickness. A few slices of that & a negligible amount of cheese & they call it am eggplant parm sandwich.Not for nothin' you guys but I think Broadway Pizza on Rancho makes a much better sandwich!
1	Saturday we went to the bar for a few beers plus fried calamari and crab cakes. The bar was empty except for a small group of regulars. The bartender ignored us for a while. He finally took our order. Got our beers. It took forever to get his attention so we could order our food. It finally came. I again had to get his attention to ask for a basket of bread. Then the same thing to get some butter. Then had to flag him down to get another beer for each of us. My husband finished his 2nd beer. The bartender took away the empty bottle, but never asked if he wanted another. We had to flag him down again get another beer. He finally came back and took our empty plates. He then immediately gave us our bill! He never even asked if I wanted another beer! The vibe of the place was very strange. The bartender had a dead pan expression that never changed. He stayed at the far end of the bar the whole time. Only checked on the regulars once in a whole to see if anyone wanted another drink. During our stay, a man walked up to the bar and was furious because he was at a table in the bar area with friends, but even though they saw them there, no one came over to wait on them. The service was unfriendly and awful. The food was not good at all. We will not be back.
5	Awesome Italian Deli with so many choices! Beautiful desserts made by their very own pastry chef. Clean, fast and friendly service. I love this place!
1	This place is a joke worst service 3 out 4 dinners sent back 2 dinners still wrong the second time, manager doesn't even come back to check ruined our evening and still paid 125 for garbage you want good food go to Parma, this place is over priced over rated and the service and manager dont even care!!!!!!!
2	Good food. Poor service.  Under staffed during lunch.  Servers are trying their best to take care of too many people. Bar was unmanned for the majority of the time I was there.Simply put... poorly managed
2	Any restaurant that gives out 4 different menus to order from has a problem. I had the lamb chops which were over cooked. The Quiche was microwaved. The cheesecake topping was so hard from sitting around it was literally tough to cut.News 3 mentioned if you order brunch you get a comp mimosa. Partial truth. Only one per table.  What a joke. The fact that it was dead should have been our indication to go elsewhere
2	I visited Siena on Tuesday with a bridal shower party of 16. The private room we were given was beautiful, but that was the end to the perks of the restaurant. The bread service had pita chips and bread with an olive tapenade. It comes in ramekins that hold 1 tablespoon of tapenade, and given to share among 4 people. So, we were pretty much all able to have 1 slice of bread with tapenade on it. Wonderful!We split an aragula salad which was actually very tasty. It had figs and some tasty cheese, but a tad too much dressing. That was the best part of my meal. My mother-in-law next to me ordered the penne (I think) and the pasta looked homemade. I suppose that's the one up-side of this place. Several of the pasta dishes looked like it was homemade pasta, but me, wanting to be healthy, opted for something low-carb. When it came to ordering, I opted for the salmon with a side of asparagus (4 stalks). My friend next to me ordered the same thing, and we were both incredibly disappointed. The salmon looks like it was butterflied in half so that we each got about 3 oz. of salmon that was incredibly thin. Mine was over-cooked to say the least, but hers was burned. The whole outside was black and charred... Unfortunately, the salmon which came highly praised by the waiter (whom I only saw one time when he took my order), was so small that I ended up starving and eating a bunch of bread just to fill up. So much for low carb. Since our party was so large, there was an automatic 20% gratuity attached onto it, which would be fine, if I ever got a refill on my water glass. I was so thirsty, I almost drank my friend's water. Sorry, but I will never be back. I think most of the people at my table shared this sentiment. My total for half a of a salad, very poorly cooked, thin salmon, and 4 stalks of asparagus with 20% gratuity was $36. I think I could have purchased a weeks worth of wild salmon and cooked it better myself.
2	Met a date for dinner.....Ordered the pad Thai. The dish was so poor tasting. very disappointed.I didn't let the waiter know because I was on a date.The service was good.Food....not so good.
5	Authentic Italian food.The Pork belly and roasted rosemary chicken are so good!! I totally recommend it.
1	We visited Siena in the past on two occasions and thought it would be a great location to celebrate a birthday - made a reservation in advance just in case since there are 7 of us all-together.  The table was waiting for us on arrival so that was great to not have to wait. While waiting for everyone to arrive, we decided to order a bottle of wine and some appetizers.  Did not realize that all the advertisements for Happy Hour only apply to the Bar area - not to the main dining room.  Either way, we ordered the charcuterie board and some fried calamari and a bottle of wine. The bread service came with a small amount of sliced bread and a large amount of 'lavosh' and a small ramekin of olive tapenade.  Not enough bread, especially with the meat and cheese platter we ordered.  Had to ask for more as well as some oil and vinegar - this would normally be brought out with the meat platter automatically.  Not the case.Once the rest of our party arrived, we proceeded to order some salads and main courses.  The burratta appetizer/salad had a good size portion with a few small sliced heirloom tomatoes and olives.  The other salads were nothing to write home about - the Caesar had a large amount of croutons and very little dressing as well as Ruchetta which was a very small portion (although we did order the small) and again, little dressing.  Our dinners came out just as we took our last bites of salad.  One guest had the Linguine Vongole - this was the absolute worst "linguine and clams" I have ever experienced.  There was no seasoning/herbs present in the broth and all of the clams that were on top for garnish, had NO clams inside!  No amount of salt and pepper could save this dish.  The Cavatelli con Salsiccia looked extremely dry with very little tomato sauce.  We tried rescuing it with some leftover sauce from the calamari.  It actually looked as if it had been sitting under a heat lamp waiting for the rest of the dishes. The other dishes (Rigatoni, Gnocci, Penne Vodka, Ravioli, Lasagna) were all just OK.  The server did come back and ask how everything was so I can say the service was good; however it was not worth sending the dishes back as we were not confident in anything being better.Being that it was a birthday, I had asked if they could bring out a cannoli with a candle - no problem receiving this however it was the worst cannoli we have ever had.  We could not determine what was in the filling (there was a distinct alcohol taste that we could not figure out).  We asked the server what the filling was made with and were told "ricotta and cream".  NO WAY!  My guess, amaretto of some sort.Overall, what we thought was going to be a great family dinner turned out to be just a sub-par dinner with good company. I can say for sure that we will NOT return.  Clue to a bad dinner:  when you walk out from a $300 meal and need to hit the closest In-and-Out drive thru!!!
5	Great set up with a bar section, table dining and a deli. Good solid food and great atmosphere for either of the three you are looking for!Great Owner....Check this place out!
5	I am un believably happy with this restaurant the food is amazing. I ordered the pesce misto. Yum! Yum! My partner ordered the salmon, awesome. These guys know how to cook Italian. I highly recommend this restaurant.  Christina was our server she was professional and super cute too!!
4	Went for a late dinner Friday night. Had no trouble getting a table and the layout is nice. Service was ok (server was knowledgeable but a little cold, he seemed to just want to get out of there). Pricing for some of the entrees is a little steep, but I had to change my order when our server came back because the specials menu didn't say which were entrees and which were appetizers. I was a little bummed, but the salmon was very good.
3	Well the service was five stars. The bread with the olive paste really good. Ehhhh I think that is where it stops. The calamari was bland and too salty the sauce was spicy and decent. I ordered the pesto gnocchi it was mediocre like chef boyardi with green sauce. My partner had the steak and it just had way too too much pepper and the Alfredo sauce for the pasta well let's just say it made Olive Garden look like Ruth Chris steakhouse. The dessert was good. So dessert and bread yes, but food heck no. The portions were also very large just wished I likes my food....
3	Giving three stars because the food was good as usual and normally the service is good. This is the first time the service was very bad. It took a long time to have our order taken and even though a glass of wine was ordered during the initial drink request she didn't bring it out until the food came out and it had to be asked for twice.   My tea glass sit empty, we were only checked on once and we were not asked if we wanted desert or coffee. We were very surprised at the service this time as it is usually perfect.
5	Went this evening for dinner with my boyfriend, our 5 year old daughter, and a friend. We checked out the deli first before dinner. It reminded me of my favorite deli back home with all the fresh meats, cheeses, pastas, and desserts. AH-MAZING!  We then headed into the restaurant and were seated right away. Our server was professional, friendly, and attentive (I think her name was Gloria). Food was awesome! We ordered calamari, a small Caesar salad, rigatoni bolognese, fettucine alfredo, a cheese pizza for our daughter, and some crazy pasta with scallops, lobster, and shrimp. Everything tasted fresh with the right amount of seasoning, and it was all hot! We were expecting to pay around $13 for the pizza as that was the price listed on the menu, but were very surprised to see our server only charged $5 for a kids pizza. Thanks!  We then went to the deli and ordered desserts to take home. We just finished dessert and everything was (surprise) delicious! Everything was fantastic and we'll definitely be back!
5	We ordered 25 cheese and meat trays from this place.  They accommodated our short time frame and the trays looked superb!  I will defiantly be using them in the future for all party platters.
1	My husband and a few of his close friends tried this place for lunch one day and had a great lunch! He was so pleased with his experience he wanted to take me there for dinner. We started with calamari which was so greasy we could hardly eat it. The pieces were literally dripping with grease. For main course I ordered the special of the day which was seared ahi tuna. It was charred and totally cooked thru. It was more like a tough steak than a piece of fish. I sent it back and ordered the salmon instead. The salmon was burned as well and so salty it was inedible. Needless to say we left and had to eat elsewhere. The bright light is the service. Friendly and attentive! The staff made an awful dining experience somewhat tolerable. Needless to say I won't be dining again here unless things really change in the kitchen!
