5	Hands down the meatiest, flavoured smoked pork ribs outside of Texas! The rub is unique.In their previous 'life' they have won BBQ contests & were smoking at the Saturdays Phoenix Public Market now they are in this pristine facility (with spacious outdoor seating) where food is the focus. As you may have gathered 'my thing' is pork ribs although the brisket is excellent as well. I have not tried everything on the menu YET!
5	Stopped in on their opening day where they had a limited menu and brisket was still to be had at 1 pm. I had the brisket, a pork rib and the only side available, Jalapeno cheese grits. The brisket was superb and melted in my mouth and the pork rib was just what I wanted, a well seasoned and perfectly moist and cooked rib. I liked everything I tried but while the grits tasted great, they were mushy being the reason for only 4 stars. It was opening day and I changed, giving them 5 stars on the brisket and ribs plus their service is superb, I can't hold the grits against them as the tasted great but slightly off on texture this day. I have tried their grits at the Farmers market and know it was just an off day with their quiet grand opening.  I love this place and know they will get all 5 stars from me on my future visits but I had to be honest on opening night. I highly recommend Little Miss Bbq and can't wait to try their other sides as well as the beef short ribs. Most that follow me on Yelp know I tell the truth and don't sugar coat my reviews, This place is legit and screams great Texas BBQ. Let me know your thoughts on your visit.
5	They've served food at this location 2 days so far and I've been here 2 days now. Everything on the menu is great. 6 of us from the office went there today and picked up a little of each meat, a couple sides, and some drinks. The brisket is amazing and the best you will see in Arizona. Beef ribs were unreal. The pork ribs were perfectly cooked, well flavored, and very meaty. I wasn't going to try the turkey but after getting a small sample, we ordered a few slices. The sausage was probably the best smoked sausage I've had. The grits were good. They have bottled coke. Service is friendly. About as perfect of an opening I've seen for any restaurant. Of course, they've been practicing quite a bit at farmers markets and various other places where I've had their BBQ too. Great people, great place. Highly recommended.
5	Without exaggeration this is the most killer brisket I have ever eaten. You can tell the people that work here truly care about their food. I can't decide if the fact that this place is walking distance from my work is a good thing or not. One thing is for sure, I will be back.
5	Finally, "REAL" Texas BBQ has come to the Valley.  As a certified BBQ judge with KCBS I am very particular about my BBQ.  This is the must stop place!  Do not leave without ordering the brisket.  The brisket was moist with bark that was packed with flavor and just the right amount of smoke.  No sauce needed!  Ribs are the best in town.  Can't wait to get back to do the beef ribs on a Friday or Saturday, but if they are anything like the ones they served down at the Farmer's Market, it will be my favorite of the bunch.
5	Food was phenomenal! The brisket was great, and I absolutely loved the jalapeno cheese grits. There is seating indoors and outdoors, we chose to sit outside and it was perfect. They offer 3 different kinds of sauce and we tried the house sauce which was great and the mustard based sauce was just as good. We will definitely be going back!
5	I literally created this account so I can give them a 5 star rating after trying their brisket at lunch today. I'm a bit of a BBQ freak and this was by far the best I have ever had and the super friendly and great service just made it THAT much better. Will definitely be back..maybe even tomorrow!
5	Both the brisket and  the garlic sausage was excellent ..I plan to return for the spare ribs asap. well worth the stop, great people too
5	This little gem just opened and we are always on the lookout for new places to go, especially barbecue. Well we tried a couple times before they were officially open and Scott the owner was extremely friendly and welcoming. When we came back after their official opening they gave us samples of their award winning brisket. We were hooked. It's a small outfit and it's really simple. In. Out. Full. They smoke everything outside in a smoker using real wood. The smoke rings are ridiculous on their meats. Reasonably priced compared to other barbecue joints in the area. This is the best barbecue that I have had. Watch out Barbecue Company.
5	To pile on to all the brisket rave reviews, seriously.  Go get some of their brisket!  All of the meats are delicious but it's my favorite.And while the meat shone on its own and definitely didn't need it, the mustard sauce is very tasty.Loved the outdoor patio with the picnic tables.  Plenty of parking. Super friendly staff too - it's obvious that they love what they do and love sharing it with everyone.Definite repeat customer here :)
5	Little Miss BBQ is in a weird location. It's close to what looks like industrial junk yards and there are a few seedy strip clubs. But get over it and go get some BBQ because this place is serving up some serious meat!It's a small place and the counter is right there when you walk in the door so don't be surprised if you see what looks like a line out the door. There are tables out back so there's actually a decent amount of room for dining in despite the small building. I walked in and the owner hands me a chunk of brisket. Fatty, juicy, meaty, yummy. Sold. I ordered the brisket. For sides - cheddar jalapeno grits and beans.The meat is by far the star of the show here. This was some of the best brisket I've ever had. The bark on the brisket is smoky perfection and the inside is so juicy and flavorful, you really don't even need sauce. That said, their sauce is really good. It's more sweet than spice, although they do have a spicy option if that's your thing.  The grits were good too, could have used a little more cheddar and it would be nice to have an option without jalapenos.The beans were a disappointment. I really didn't like the flavor. Just not my thing I guess. If they could get some better sides and some dessert this place would be even more awesome.We ended up talking to the owners for a little after our meal. Super nice people. I love it when local businesses have good stuff and the people behind it are good as well. I will definitely be returning to Little Miss.
5	If I could I would give this place 6 stars! Just for the Brisket alone! Sides are all good and portions great for the price.  Would eat here for lunch every day if it wouldn't drive my doctor crazy! Give it a try if your in the area!  Will be a regular lunch customer for sure.
5	WOW! This place is just amazing. The brisket is where they truly exceed, but all of their offerings are delicious. The brisket, though. Holy shnikes. Tender. Moist. Just enough smoke and seasoning. This stuff does not need sauce, at all. Their sausage is a work in progress, but was pretty good considering they are still changing it and improving.Beware! This place sells out pretty fast, but seems a little slower on Saturdays. I went around noon and was able to have my pick of the place before it started picking up. I can't wait to go again...maybe Saturday!
5	I am acquainted with Scott and Bekke (and Travis) from the BBQ competitions here in AZ so I was anxious to try their new place.  Being that they trounced just about everyone, including my team, I was really wondering what style they'd be serving.  The meat is very true to Texas style, simply seasoned and perfectly smoked.  You can tell that great care went into the preparation of the meat, and great BBQ is ALL about the 24 hours prior to the meat hitting your plate.I cannot recommend this spot highly enough, the first real step to putting Arizona on the Q map.
5	Yummy!!!!! I love a good BBQ. I went here with my friends because I heard the rave reviews. She got a two meat plate and I got a 2 meat plate. We shared and picked off of each others plates. I literally rolled out of there and could not eat another bite all day. The style is Texas BBQ. Ms. NY ( no, "Get A Rope" comments please)  and Az gal here was not sure I knew what that meant 100% but I found out it meant "YUMMY!" (with a capitol Y) and a slice of white bread on the side.  I was not sure I got the whole white bread thing but my friend said they do that in Texas. I was like, "seriously, white bread huh, no wheat? Brawha! Anyway, the food is very good. The sausages are DA BOMB!!!!!! The brisket, was delicious as well. I know this is going to sound weird but they have the best Grits. They stuff them with cheese and Jalapenos. I could have just eaten a plate of those all day. YUMMERS! The sides were all standard yummy sides like Potato Salad, Beans, and Cole Slaw.  Of course don't forget about those grits too. I dream of those grits. (who knew this NY'er had some southern gal in her) The chili chocolate pudding was so delish too. I am getting into this new craze of chili's in chocolate. Well, maybe not so new since the tradition has been around for thousands of years. However, the way foodies are experimenting with the idea is so much fun! We literally cleaned the bowls out. And when I say, "clean," we meant it. No need to wash those bowls. They are Throw Aways so no fear. We have no shame.  All in all, if you love good BBQ stop by. Come early though since they sell out.Oh yeah, the owners and the staff are the nicest people EVA. They love what they do and it shows. Another benefit, "BUY LOCAL!"
5	If eating the best BBQ in Phoenix is on your bucket list, you must visit Little Miss BBQ. My best analogy is professional sports. We all love watching the best athletes in the world perform. Yet despite their amazing talent, there will always be a small elite group of pro athletes who stand head and shoulders above the rest. The hall of famers. So you can find dozens of BBQ restaurants in Phoenix. Some are fairly good. Little Miss BBQ is alone, as the premier BBQ establishment in the valley. They are the standard by which the others will be judged. My wife and I have been lucky enough to have visited a dozen award winning BBQ restaurants in Central Texas. Coopers in Llano stood out the most. They serve perfectly slow cooked and smoked brisket, pork ribs, beef ribs, sausage, and turkey. Scott, Bekke, and Travis have been competing in BBQ competitions over the years in order to learn the secrets of creating perfect BBQ. They have succeeded and opened Little Miss BBQ in order to share their love and passion for BBQ. My wife and I drive down from Flagstaff just to indulge ourselves in their brisket and ribs. For me, Scott's beef ribs, which he serves on Friday and Saturday only, are my favorite. Nobody in Arizona has been able to prepare beef short ribs like he has. My wife is addicted to their brisket and we buy an extra pound to take home and enjoy for a couple days. Bring your friends, bring your family. You will be talking about the experience for years. We are so happy we don't have to drive to Texas again, to experience perfectly prepared BBQ. The Mecca for BBQ in the southwest is Little Miss BBQ. See you there.
5	Trying a few BBQ places in phoenix, some are good most are eh.  But When read about this place in phx new times, it seemed a little too good to be true.  Luckily it isn't far from work, so I headed there on a thursday for lunch.  Small place in an industrial area.  Big smoker out back and a line out the door.  Well it is a small place so more than 4 people and it is out the door.  They will need some shade in a week or two when it gets really hot out.  So i opted for the two meat plate.  Brisket, rib with my sides, potato salad and jalapeno cheddar grits.  Brisket was superb!  I was given a taste of the fatty brisket and it melted in my mouth.  I opted for both fatty and lean on my brisket plate.  By far the best BBQ i have had In AZ.  I am originally from Texas so this keeps on par with the good Texas BBQ.  I enjoyed all of it.  The potato salad was good not great, next time I think i'll try the beans.  Oh and they have Mexican Coke in a bottle!  Love that!  Their BBQ sauces are very good but not really needed.  The flavors in the meats are extremely good!  I did use a little sauce after half of my meat was done just to try it out. Look forward to going again soon.One more thing...the people working there are the nicest people serving food I have come across in any memory I have.  Kudos to them for being so great to their customers!
5	Don't go here.  I repeat do not go.  This is the best BBQ in AZ and I want you to stay away.  Seriously.  If you go messing up my secret BBQ spot I'm gonna be seriously mad.  If you do go, do not try the brisket, the pork ribs, the beef ribs, the sausage, the turkey, or the pulled pork.  Just have like pickles and bread or something.  If you do you're gonna come back and mess up my secret BBQ spot in AZ.  Also don't talk to the owners.  They're really nice people and you'll like them and want to promote their business because it's ridiculous BBQ run by ridiculously nice people.  Then you'll tell all of your friends and they'll ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ.  So what I'm really saying is I already hate you all for making me wait in line for hours a few months down the road once you don't listen to me and ruin my secret BBQ spot in AZ.
5	Well...the search is over.  After many miles and years of travel...the tastiest bbq in The Valley of the Sun...dare I say...the Southwest? Well, it's here.I have to say, before I go on...do not plan on going after 1:00pm...you may not get to try it all!  This place is the epitome of Texas style BBQ.  The brisket is smoked to absolute perfection, the sausage is seasoned cooked to that just right "bite".  The jalapeno cheese grits...well, just eat them and expect to be craving them in the middle of the night!  They have pork, ribs, brisket, sausage, turkey, tater salad, BOTTLED COCA COLA...and...what makes it the cream of the crop...SMILES on their faces as they serve up all of this absolute goodness.  These guys really know what they are doing...no doubt!  The fact that nothing is sauced is what drew me in.  I prefer to sauce my own meat.  (I went there!) and the 3...yes only 3 sauces are ALL delicious! I COMMAND you to try the mustard based sauce...holy amazeballs!  Glorious!We even got a mini tour of the 850 gallon smoker that they use and got a peek inside of the next day's offerings.  Let's be honest...I could go on for hours about how amazing this place is.  But I will let you decide for yourself...get back to me!  Oh...and if you go...tell Travis that Ella sent you.  However, even though my name is pronounced like Ella Fitzgerald's name...say it as in the spanish word "ella" (A-ya"  He'll get a kick out of it!) I think??
5	Opened at 11 am arrived at 11:10 and the line was out the door and for good reason.  The brisket was beyond belief.  Didn't bother with the sides just ordered over a lb of brisket and the three of us devoured it.  I understand that they close after they are sold out so don't wait, go early.  Located in the middle of industrial nowhere it draws customers from all over Maricopa County.  We came from North Scottsdale.  As for the sauce, it doesn't need it however get a slice of white bread and taste all three, regular, spicy and mustard.  My grandson wants them to sell it by ;the bottle it is so good.
4	GREAT BBQ! I just moved back to AZ from Austin, TX and this is the first BBQ that I have had that can compare to what I have had in Texas. I would say this is on par with "Franklin" in Austin which is pretty famous now.The only negative I can think of is the wait to get in the door. As good as the food was I don't think I will be willing to stand in line when the summer heat arrives.Very friendly service!!! Give them a try!
1	For 53 years I have searched for a BBQ restaurant that has brisket that tastes like BBQ.This place had gummy buns and flavorless meat. Not a smoke ring and no smoky taste whatsoever. Evidently it has succumbed to the fad of rubs which makes a brisket taste like lighter fluid. The only seasoning used by BBQ experts is salt and pepper and smoked slowly using a wood like hickory. One sauce was one step above catsup, watery and no smoke. One was super hot which masks other flavors and the other one was to be used on pork mustardy which is the domain of east coast pork. I was very disappointed in the sides too. The pinto beans were watery and very spicy. The coleslaw was flavorless. When oh when. Do I have to travel to Kreuz in Texas?
5	Prepare to be schooled on what BBQ really is and what it always should be when you step into Little Miss BBQ.  Smoked with real wood.  Salt and pepper.  Simple sides. Low heat.  Your search for the real thing outside of Texas will finally be over!  It is true central Texas style BBQ right in the middle of Arizona.  Forget Famous Dave's and even Bobby Q's.  Don't be fooled by the quirky location because it is an oasis in the middle of an industrial area and seedy strip joints.  Scott and Bekke (and Travis, their assistant pitmaster) have really created a place where everything about the BBQ community come together.  They took their expertise from traveling around Austin and several of their famous BBQ spots, like Franklin's, and brought it smack dab to the middle of a place that needed it. I've been 3 times now and it gets better with every visit.  Get there between 11-11:30 so you won't miss out on anything.  On each visit, they have been making more and more food though.  But you know what?...there's just something about getting there early and lining up for what I can guarantee will be well worth your time. Plus?  The line moves fast anyway! LMB are the nicest set of people and love what they do.  Ask them anything and they'll gladly give you the time of day.  Good service and delicious food?!  Yes please!!  Buy it by the pound or get yourself a two-meat plate, or the El Jefe (brisket, sausage, coleslaw, house sauce sandwich).Here's a run down of what I've shoveled into my mouth:Brisket - Scott lets you choose the lean or fatty side of the brisket and you will get a melt-in-your-mouth sample too!  Has an insane smoke ring on it.  Bark is flavorful.Pork Ribs - Nice and peppery...Includes the short rib too!Pork - Mild smokey flavor and the perfect combination of juicy and tenderSausage - Made in-house with a slight kick and perfectly juicy too.  Did I mention I usually hate sausage?  I couldn't get enough of this!  Beef Belly - LMB's special on Wednesdays, beefy and tender.  Definitely try it out.Jalapeno Cheese Grits - creamy, cheesy, and the right kind of kick...never have I EVER wanted to touch grits before, but these come highly recommended by LMB, so I tried it and brought home a pint during this last visit.  Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood!Coleslaw - Best I've ever had...this has a tang to it and is nothing like the icky mayonnaise-based stuff served everywhere elsePotato Salad - Red potatoes and the right amount of everything.  Complete opposite of the mushy stuff you get at delisBeans - Includes brisket.  Did you hear me?  It has brisket in it!!  Spicy and oh so delicious with a smoky taste to it.  No clue what is in it, but does it even matter?!  Get some!If you aren't wiping drool off your little iPhone or keyboard right now, then perhaps knowing they also have pastrami on Thursdays, beef short ribs (of the Flintstone variety) on Fridays and Saturdays, and even Pot de Creme on occasion for dessert will make your salivary glands realize what they are missing out on!Go. Get. You. Some!!!!
5	Visited 1st time today at lunch. Why fly to Austin when Little Miss BBQ does it up just right here in Phoenix? Looking forward to my next visit. GET HERE EARLY, don't delay or you will miss out!
5	So i took the short drive from ASU over to Little Miss BBQ during my lunch break and i must say this is absolutely the best BBQ in Phoenix hands down. Plus you know its good if theres a line out the door 10 minutes to 11am, something you only read about happening in TX! The place is small limited seating inside but for the most part if the weather is nice there's a patio everyone gathers at. The place hasn't been opened long i believe late Feb 2014 or early March. I ordered the 2 meat plate w brisket and sausage w beans(WITH BRISKET) and potato salad, the brisket is cut to your liking and you even get a sample while they're cutting and was cooked to perfection, from the taste of it these guys i think nailed it! Holy cow! This could be in my opinion better then some joints in Texas! I spent a few seconds talking to Scott and he said it's cooked in a custom smoker by R&O in Granbury TX. spending time in Austin was the key to successful BBQ here in AZ. Visiting places such as John Mueller, La BBQ, Franklins helped craft his own take on Texas style BBQ. Don't be scared of the surrounding area its a little trashy industrial park / strip clubs but trust me its worth the stop, the bbq that is! Five stars all the way & get there early!
5	Amazing BBQ. Best brisket I've had since I moved from Texas. Get there early. They close when they run out of meat. Served correctly with sauce optional/on the side. Sold by the pound or 1 or 2 meat plate and 3 sides. Priced right at $13-17 per pound.
2	After reading all of the positive reviews, I really expected more. I really wanted to love this place, but the food is average at best. I had a two meat plate (moist brisket and pulled pork) with beans and slaw. Considering that this is "central Texas style," I wanted the brisket to be the star of the show. The problem was that nothing on my plate was the star of anything. The brisket was nothing special. It tasted like fatty roast beef. I know that brisket is supposed to have that strong beef flavor, but it shouldn't remind you of deli meat, which is what I tasted.  In my opinion both Rudy's and Texas BBQ House have much better brisket than does Little Miss BBQ. The pulled pork was worse than the brisket. It was completely bland. There was no smoke flavor to it, and the pork flavor was virtually nonexistent. I'm not exactly sure how pork lacks pork flavor, but there was absolutely nothing memorable about this piece of meat.The sides were okay. Slaw is slaw, and the beans were unusual but good. However, the selection of beverages was somewhat annoying: They didn't have any freshly brewed iced tea (sweet or unsweetened). Fresh iced tea goes hand-in-hand with BBQ. It's dang-near sacrilege to serve bottled iced tea at a BBQ place.Maybe I should return and try some different things on the menu. The ribs looked pretty good. But, after my experience today, I'm reluctant to return. That's not to say the food here is complete crap. Little Miss BBQ is certainly better than somewhere like Famous Dave's, but it certainly doesn't live up to the hype or the praises of the Yelp community.
5	Great food, great people!The owners, husband/wife team have a great product and down home service. The owner's father(in-law) is on hand as well to offer help as well as schmooze. A great, simple place...better BBQ then I've had anywhere else in the world and that includes Texas.
5	Ok, they have been open 1 month and I have been back 4 times! The Brisket is always the star but they also now have the Jalapeno Cheese Grits dialed in to a nice creamy texture with  fantastic flavor. The Pork ribs don't need sauce which is the way I like them. The house made sausage changes a bit but all I have tried were great. Little Miss BBQ has the best Brisket in the Valley! Keep up the good work.
5	This place BLOWS!!!! the others out of the water. Do I have your attention now.  Please do not go here and get the great tasting BBQ, please don't wait in the fairly short line as it will grow longer as the word gets out about this fabulous hidden gem. Ok in all seriousness.... The food was very and I stress VERY GOOD! I have eaten BBQ in Hill country (TX), Memphis, Kansas, North Carolina and Oklahoma. All good in their own respect. This place is a must. I really don't want to talk this place up as how nice the owners are, the pit-master taking you on the tour of the outdoor smoker or the owners slicing the meat in front of you for a tasty free sample. BBQ should not be fancy.. and this place is not, you are encouraged to eat with your hands. Several items of the day our written down on butcher paper and hung on the wall as you enter the tiny area watching the owner slice down the meats. He is very friendly and gets "it" on how to work the show, feed your patrons on a decent size freebie and get them hooked! Yes he totally understands! Had the brisket which was fork tender and very flavorful. It was loaded with a decent amount of spice. Also tried the sausage of the day... Beef and Garlic. A little on the heavy side and spicy (overall good). I did try the beans and it was lacking maybe a little sauce. No big deal and definitely not a deal breaker, however if it keeps you away and the line short for me well.... No go try this place it is a must. It is in an area of auto body shops which makes it fun to hunt for. The owners really have hit a homerun here. I hope they don't get the itch to expand or fancy the place up. True BBQ comes from those who take pride in the craft, love to feed and interact with all humans and provide you with a very good meal. It is hard for small businesses this days to compete against the chains. I really don't care if I have to wait a long time in line, it just means that these owners have done something correct in this day in age. If you have read my entire review you should really consider trying this place and support this mom and pop Q!
5	Best BBQ I've tasted hands down! Brisket was juicy, flavorful, and you don't need the BBQ sauce! I usually don't like anyone's BBQ except my moms lol. But this place is ridiculously BOMB! Pork ribs...fall off the bone. Tender, juicy and great spice rub! The spicy BBQ sauce was awesome not spicy at all for me bt it was really good! I don't eat grits bt they have this jalepino cheddar grits SO GOOD! Anyone here in phoenix NEEDS to go try this place! So happy my brother took me here!
5	Best BBQ I've ever had.  Owners are great people.  Very welcoming and friendly.  5+ stars!!!
5	I've been eating here since just a week or so after they opened, and I gotta say I'm hooked. I really have to hold myself back from eating here more often, because it's really the best thing in this area. Everyone who works here is super friendly and quite cool. My advice when you stop by for the first time: make sure your hands are free, because when you walk in and they hand you a piece of meat they just cut, you don't want anything standing in your way. So far I've had the brisket, sausage, and a taste of the turkey. No complaints yet. My wishes: Mac n Cheese and cornbread for sides, but really the meats speak for themselves.
5	Love the name.  Love the place.   In my head, I call them Little Miss Sunshine.  They are a bright spot in a really industrial part of town.   They are a shining star for BBQ, in Arizona and Texas.Yelp fans raved about the brisket.  I tried the brisket and was not especially pleased.  But I'm not really a brisket kind of a guy.  Give me the pork ribs.   Those ribs are delicious with the right amount of peppery taste.  Didn't require sauce but I tried it any way.  I think that if we poured the sauce on eggplant (I hate eggplant), eggplant would be my favorite food.This is a Coke establishment  (yay!) with limited seating (just a handful of tables).   I really wish they would add a mac & cheese option for a side.I'm definitely bringing my Texas in-laws here to try it out.   Last December we went on a small tour of Texas BBQs and Little Miss BBQ can stand toe to toe against any of them.   So really this is more of a 4.5 star place but I'm going to round up for the super friendly service.
5	This place is seriously awesome. I'm a BBQ lover and I'm pretty critical of BBQ places. (I'm sure I have a few reviews complaining about bad BBQ lol). However, with this place, I tried long and hard to find something they could improve and couldn't find it. The brisket is amazing, probably the best brisket you can get at a restaurant in Arizona. Seriously, go try this place now because it's going to be on the Food Network someday and you can then brag to your friends that you've already been there. It's pretty busy, so be ready for a line. Also, be careful not to get there too late, because they sell out just about every day. Just do it, it's worth the wait. Trust me! Try the brisket if it's available. However, I've heard everything is good there. I honestly can't wait to find time to go back and try something else!
5	By far, this is the best BBQ restaurant I have tried in The Valley.  I go here mainly because of the outstanding brisket.  It is amazing.  I look forward to many trips back and look forward to trying the turkey, chicken, and pulled pork next time I stop in.  You need to get here as early as you can because they often sell out.  The food is always fresh and the customer service is impeccable.  The spicy and regular bbq sauce is awesome as well.The only thing I don't care for is the side dishes...but the brisket makes up for everything!
5	Just simply amazing BBQ meats.  No reservations, no "buts," this is just the best BBQ meat I've had anywhere in the country, including Texas and all of the South.  Show up early, they keep selling out by shortly after noon, as more and more people figure out how good it is.  The brisket can be cut with the side of a plastic fork, and they give you the option to select fatty, drier, or burnt end if there are any left.  You can't go wrong with a mix of all of them.On top of that, they are super-friendly and inviting.  They treat everyone like family and like the valued customers that they are.  The "restaurant" is just a simple dining area and some picnic tables outside.  You're not here for the atmosphere, you're hear for the smoked meats.I also haven't tried the sides at all yet.  I just order meat.  Why bother with anything else?This review is short because it's simple--awesome food with awesome service.  Just go there.
5	The first step to recovery is indulgence, right? I've been trying to free myself of some nasty BBQ cravings for some time now (by eating it constantly, of course), but I swear the hankerings get stronger by the day.Maybe if Little Miss BBQ wasn't capable of giving dead meat more life than when it used to be an animal, I'd have gotten it out of my system by now.Seriously, I've had BBQ from at least a six places in the last month, and (dirty, saucy, smoky) hands down... Little Miss takes the cake. And then throws the cake out the window and replaces it with some epic BBQ. You didn't even want cake.From the brisket, to the pulled pork, to the sauce drippin' down this slaw, all us fans yee-haw. Or make whatever noise is necessary to get more food. The turkey was the best I've ever had - so savory and magnificent - sorry every Thanksgiving ever. The fatty brisket was essentially a chocolate truffle in cow form. I want to try all the creations, and since samples were kindly offered, I'm on my way to achieving that goal.I ended up getting both the lean brisket and the turkey with heaps of glorious cole slaw and drowning it all in a harmonious yin yang of sweet and tangy mustard and BBQ sauce. I also "helped" my friend out with her pulled pork sandwich. Every bite was better than the last, and then it was gone. As soon as I find stomach space, round II is on.
5	I recently moved from California bay area to Phoenix and my office is very close to this palce. Seeing the big BBQ sign i decided to give it a shot. Parking lot area is small so im glad i got here somewhat early before a lunch rush. The place is small. They have cute picnic tables out front along with there smokers. It smells heavenly outside while waiting to order.I ordered there 2 meat place. I chose brisket & pork ribs and the 2 sides were beans and potatoe salad. They give you a choice of lean or fatty brisket and i chose fatty. OH MAN IT WAS AMAZING! The brisket was smoked to perfection, so tender and juicy and bursting with flavor. It was the best brisket i have ever tried. The pork ribs were also very good, alot of flavor and super tender practically fell off the bone. The sides were equally as tasty but i wished the beans were traditional baked bean which was what i was expecting.. just my personal preference. The only reason i gave this place 4 starts instead of 5 is because it cost me $33.00 for my lunch. I am not sure if this was a mistake by the girl who rang me up or it really is that expensive... but if it is i dont think i would regularirly eat here for lunch while the food was excellent and portion size was good thats pretty expensive for 1 persons lunch.Overall i really liked the place brisket was my fav. I would recommend it. I would however like to know if i was over charged.. maybe one of you regulars on here could tell me the price of a 2 meat plate?***UPDATE FROM MY ABOVE POST***Turns out there was a mistake and i was double charged. Scott the owner messaged me on here extreamly fast and apologized for the mistake he fully refunded me the money and hand delivered it to my work with in an hour of my post! I have to say I am very impressed by his level of customer service. That to me is going above and beyond to keep good buisness and doing the right thing. I will def. be a repeat customer here :)
5	So I've been hearing about this place from every possible avenue and how good it is. We finally went last week. The food is amazing and the people are friendly! Right when you walk in the door you are greeted and offered a sample of heaven. By heaven I mean the best brisket I've ever had, it honestly just melts in your mouth!! I've had a lot of BBQ here in Arizona and this is by far the best I've ever had. I had the Brisket Sandwich which was quite a large serving and I could have easily split it with someone. I can't wait to go on a Friday or Saturday and try the beef short ribs!
5	You don't get better barbecue then this!! WOW! Everything they serve here is done with attention to detail and you can definitely taste the love!  Family ran business!  If you want phenomenal central Texas style barbecue, you need to come here!  Worth the trip wherever you are in Phoenix.  Don't bother going to other spots in Phoenix for BBQ. I've been to them and they just don't stand up to the quality and prices this place delivers!
5	Great tasting BBQ at a reasonable price!! The brisket I ordered was incredibly tender, as well as flavorful. For my sides I ordered potato salad and beans which were amazing. Also the staff was extremely friendly, you could tell customer service was just as important as the quality of the food. I would also like to say Denny gives the best tours! If you're ever in the area you must try this place just get there early because they will sell out.
5	Had the fatty brisket and sausage and grits and beans.   Fantastic!   Get ready to wait in line.  Ownership is very friendly.  Even got to go on a tour of the smoker
5	This place is great.  I visited at 2 in the afternoon, fortunately they still had a little brisket left, and let me tell you it was some of the best I have run into in a while.
5	Whoa. Best BBQ ever and I mean it. And a whole experience. Everyone chats in line, we got a tour of the smokers.... So cool. The brisket is from the heavens...this is the church of BBQ. Well done guys!
5	Many folks say that your first impression is usually the correct one. However, this appears not to be the case with my assessment of Little Miss BBQ. It appears that my first evaluation of their BBQ was wrong, dang wrong. Today, I decided to go back and give it another shot. I'm glad I did because it was nothing short of fantastic.I wanted to give their pork ribs a try, but they were sold out of them when I got there (I came later in the afternoon). So, I decided to give their brisket a second shot. I told the gentlemen who was slicing the brisket to give me whatever he wanted. He gave me some really nice thick cuts of the "moist" brisket near the tip. The meat was incredibly moist and had a perfect smoke to beef flavor balance. The rub compliments the brisket without over-powering and actually compliments the beef flavor. None of my criticisms in my first review were present today. It was absolutely fantastic. One the way out, the gentleman tending the pit offered to give me a "tour." They really have a top-notch indirect smoker, and after speaking with him for a few minutes, it's obvious these guys know what they are doing. So, after going back to Little Miss BBQ a second time, I would definitely recommend this place. I definitely will be back to try other things on the menu and to have the brisket again. So to the pit master and the folks that work there: I've changed my mind; you guys have won me over. Maybe my first time I just got a bad cut of brisket, or maybe my drawers were in a bunch that day. I'm guessing that it was that latter of the two. In any event, I was wrong! Keep up the good work.
5	Best BBQ I've ever had, and I've had lots of BBQ.  Brisket is the main attraction (splurge on the fatty brisket) but the pork ribs are amazing too. Super awesome staff too!
5	This little piece of heaven is a hidden gem and should stay hidden...so I don't have to wait on line so long! Just kidding because I do not mind waiting on line for this joint. I am not a BBQ expert, but definitely well versed in culinary arts and this is not just the best BBQ place in the country, but one of the best places to eat, period. The meat is so tender, juicy and flavorful, you don't need any sauce or extras to make it taste good. From brisket, to short ribs, to pulled pork, I have never had BBQ like this in my life. I believe they only serve lunch and when the meat runs out, that's it. They only have a few tables so the line grows quickly and there is a wait. They are located in an industrial area and the scenery is not the best, but none of this matters because of the quality of the food. The staff is very friendly and they do it right. The place if very clean including their handling of the food. I would give myself a good hour the next time I go back. And, waiting in line next to the giant smoker, with that sweet smell of smoked meats wafting by, makes the wait in line seem well worth it and definitely part of the experience! Can't wait to go back!
5	Tried a little of everything. Pork, great flavor, enough smoke, enough juiceBeef, nice crust nice juice, a tad bit too much pepper for me.Turkey, good but not my thingLink, hmm...great flavors in here. sauces were all great tooService was awesome, even toured the smoker when I was done. I give 4.5 star based on price as it can add up quickly.
5	Best bbq I've ever been too. Do yourself, and your mouth, a favor and go. Best brisket I've ever had.
5	Great brisket!!!  Wonderful people!!!!  Get there early as they sold out today before 1pm.
5	If you have not  been to Little Miss BBQ yet, you need to drop everything and go now! I am not a BBQ expert by far, but this place has the best BBQ I have ever had in my life! I am partial to the brisket but have had tried several of their other tasty treasures, (still need to get there for the short ribs). The brisket is melt in your mouth tender, ribs have the perfect texture and bit. The sides include cheesy jalapeno grits are creamy and delicious with the right amount of heat. Baked beans, WOW beans have never tasted so good, they add brisket to them! I like the coleslaw but if I'm going to eat BBQ I will choose the grits and beans first. There is a reason this place sells out everyday.
5	5 stars for the BBQ, which you purchase by the pound. From top to bottom I would rate the brisket (best), beef ribs, pork ribs, turkey, sausage. The meat is all so tender and flavorful with or without the sauces you can add. Only thing that was lacking were the sides. Ordered them all but they lacked real flavor. Would definitely come back just for the BBQ!
5	BBQ HAS JUST GOT BETTER THAN TEXAS HERE IN THE AZ. Food was great. Location the best. Customer Service Excellet.  Can't wait to try the ribs . Brisket and Pulled Pork with beans and potatoe salad was the best I have tasted in years since JD Hogg was open. They sale it by the weight so don't let your eyes be bigger than your belly  .  Enjoy.
5	This place is amazing 5 stars all the way! Got a nice tour of the smoker and how they prepare and cook there food feels good knowing that someone takes so much pride in preparing your food. The service was just as good as the food. Tried a little of everything turkey, pastrami, sausage, and brisket. This will defiantly be on the weekly rotation going forward. Come early as when this meat is gone it is gone. Best BBQ I have had and I lived in Texas the last two years of my life salt lick has nothing on this!
5	Easily the best BBQ in Phoenix.  They deserve every 5 star review.  Brisket is good as the best in Texas.  Ribs were excellent.  Just everything about the place.  I would give them $10 just to smell.Meat by the pound.  One minor quibble.  I like whole ring hot links. But the beans were spectacular.  I was in BBQ coma land for the rest of the afternoon.  Oh, get the pastrami on Thursdays.  It's silly good.
5	This is hands down the best BBQ in Phoenix! Amazing flavors and fantastic people. My husband and I have been meaning to come here for a while, and we're really sorry we didn't try it sooner!! We had The Jefe sandwich with a side of potato salad (awesome!) and the two meat plate with pork ribs and pulled pork, which comes with two sides. We had the beans and jalapeno grits. It's truly worth waiting in line for a fantastic meal.
5	We decided to try Little Miss BBQ on a tip from another Yelper whose taste in food is comparable to my own.  It did not disappoint.  We arrived at about 1030 and the cars were beginning to pile in.  There was a line of about 20-25 people once it opened.  The line does move slowly because the owner cuts the meat himself and often gives those waiting in line samples of things they have never tried before.  We ordered the fatty and lean brisket (both of which melt in your mouth), the sausage, and the pork ribs.  We were going to order the beef ribs which they only have on the weekend, but when the owner cut one for the person in front of us, we realized that none of us had an appetite as huge as one of those ribs!  There were at least 4" inches thick of meat on those bones!!   The pork rib meat fell right off the bone and was super flavorful and juicy.  The sausage is made in house.  We also ordered the potato salad which is made of chunks of red potato, jalapeno cheddar grits (amazing), and cole slaw.  All were equally amazing.  I especially loved the half liter Mexican Coke bottles that they sell to wash down the BBQ.  The staff is super friendly and accommodating.  You'll want to be in the front of the line though, because there are only about 6 tables in the inside dining room.  It's not fun to eat hot BBQ outside in the AZ summer!
5	I don't often believe the hype on yelp, but the reviewers for Little Miss BBQ have been pretty spot on.  My wife is a brisket snob having spent years in Austin.  Seeing reviewers say this place is better than the Salt Lick had her sarcastically turning her eyes... so good thing she agreed to try this place!The Best: The brisket is definitely their signature piece.  The meat was perfectly tender, and the dry rub gave the meat a delicious smoky flavor.  And here's the real test for tenderness - even after the meat was cold, it was still juicy and tender (some other places tend to dry out quickly).One of the owners (Scott?) was also extremely friendly and a great small business owner.  Someone in front of us asked how the sausage was today, and he readily admitted that the day's batch was mediocre - a bit mealy.  He even gave the guy a sample to make sure he still wanted it.  The Good: The pork ribs were pretty good - solid smokey flavor, and very tender.  Ultimately, it was not "award winning" tasty.  That said, these ribs would've been deemed very good had we not already been influenced by the amazing brisket.The Eh:Pulled pork was good, but lacking flavor.  They have some very good barbecue sauce - I believe home made - on the tables that work very well with the pulled pork.  However, my personal test for barbecue is always how it tastes without sauce, so the lower rating.  That said, the pulled pork was still very tender.Parking - we got there first thing in the morning on a Tuesday, and I'm guessing many people had a hankering given their closed Sunday and Monday.  I had to circle around for a while to get parking - but the parking opened up just before noon.Overall - definitely a 5-star place given how amazing their brisket is.  The price is a little higher thank most places, but the quality is definitely way better than anything else around here (including the Salt Lick!)
5	I got off of work on Friday a little early and I've heard about this place on Yelp before and had to give it a try for myself. Man, right when I pulled up to the parking lot there was at least 20 people in line already. Fortunate enough to get a parking spot without any hassle. While I was waiting in line they even demonstrated how they cook and where they store their meat. I think I've been waiting for about 30 min. in line and one  of the employee comes out and shouts, "We've got almost a lit bit of everything left and might run out. The faces on most of mine and the people that were waiting we priceless becaue we've been waiting so long, lol.Luckily, I made it, but they basically ran out of everything except pulled pork, some brisket, beans, and grits. I don't really like grits, but these were really worth the try! The customer serice was awesome and on point. The rest of us even got a drink on the house for waiting. So, the only downside is that they do run out of food. So, I suggest that if anyone is going to give this little place a try to go early because it's probably one of the best BBQ spots in AZ. I'll definitely be back.
5	Trust me it's worth the wait! We arrived about 10 minutes before they even opened and there was a line of at least 20 people. The parking lot was slam packed before they were even open for 15 minutes. It took us about 45 minutes to get food. People were ordering whole briskets to go. Between three of us, we ordered one of every item on the menu. Everything was amazing! I personally was a big fan of the grits and brisket with a slice of white bread.  The sausage was perfect!! Coming from Atlanta, we've had great BBQ- this is the best BBQ we've found in Arizona. I'm a fan of Joes too, but this is a different experience. I wish they had a dessert! :)
5	Joes BBQ, Honey Bears, pfff! Those places are a joke compared to Little Miss. My only gripe, is location location location. These guys will do just fine because there are enough BBQ nuts to keep it alive and going strong. But it takes a lot for me to wait in line for anything, except maybe for a .... Anyhow, if you don't mind getting there early and waiting, you'll love the result. These guys should, and I'm sure will, find a bigger more accessible space.
5	Words cannot describe Little Miss BBQ.  Get there before it opens, there will be a small line but I promise that it is completely worth it.  The smells alone could cause you to give up being a vegetarian.  My wife was a week and a half through a two week juice fast when we met some friends for lunch there (I was intentionally tempting her...I'm a a bad husband sometimes).  One smell and she had to have a taste.  One taste and she ordered a platter.  She was just going to have a few small pieces and then give me the rest.  That is not how it played out though...I was lucky not to lose a finger when I tried to take a piece off her platter.  In the end, she ate all of her platter and half the sausage that I ordered.  I love this place!!!  There is nothing like it in AZ.
5	Eat your heart out Texas.  This is as good as barbecue gets.  The brisket melts in your mouth and, much as I want to venture into our things on the menu I keep coming back to it because it's just that good.  Others I have dined with rave about the pulled pork, and the pieces of sausage that I've sampled while waiting in line are in their own league.Speaking of waiting on line, expect to do it unless you get there well before they open.  Everyone takes it in stride and the food makes the wait worthwhile.  This place blows away any other BBQ place in the Phoenix area.
5	We were stuck at PHX, famished.  We conned our way onto a parking lot shuttle and walked from there to this majestic oasis of yum.The folks behind the counter were so friendly and the food is beyond reason amazing.  We're currently listening to Johnny Cash cover John Lennon while the owner checks on the potato salad recipe for us.I'm telling you.  Little Miss.
5	Its about time Phoenix had a real barbeque spot rivaling the best in the nation.BOTTOM LINE: Get in line. Its worth it!
5	If they can get people in Phoenix to wait 30 minutes outside for food you know it is something special.For sure the best Brisket I've ever had. Been dreaming about it. Atmosphere is great/ family run. They give tours of their smoker area so you can see perfection in progress.Everything was delicious, homemade sausages are friggin goanna kill me they are so good. Can't stress it enough that you must try it.Support your local business!Just get there early before they sell out! Worth the wait.
5	Best brisket outside of Texas.  Be prepared to wait 25 - 30 minutes in line. When food is this good word spreads.  The brisket is well worth the wait.  The staff is really friendly. There's not much space to eat either.  If you are eating outside make sure to grab utensils and napkins. There's no way to come back in. Once you step outside. Unless you are making the line again.  Lots of inconveniences but the brisket is worth all of it.  Oh and it's not cheap either.  20 for lunch.
5	Small humble place, with a 20/30 min line to just order if you get there at opening time. Parking can be a challenge too. But once your there and had their BBQ, worth the wait! They often close before the stated closing time due to running out of food. It's smoked to perfection daily so they can't stock up for an unpredictable crowd. Just plan your lunch time to allow for the wait and enjoy the food when it's your turn. It's worth it.  Yummy BBQ and it's operated by the owner who's competed nationally in BBQ cook offs for over a decade.  It shows!
5	Store opens at 11. Came at 1pm.  Sold out. Came back next day at 11 am. Waited 45 mins in 108 degree weather. Worth it. The owners are beyond friendly. Got a tour of the smoker and how the owner started his business. Was told his brisket won west place in state. I didn't know beef could taste like what I had today. I tried every type of meat. My boyfriend was a huge fan of their turkey. My favorite was brisket and pork ribs.
5	I would kill for this brisket and then request it for my final meal on death row. In fact, I would kill myself if I found out the good Lord above served this in heaven. The cheesy, jalepeno grits are also incredible.
5	If you love great BBQ then you have to eat here. Bar non this is some of the best bbq anywhere!  Make sure you come early and prepare to wait in line because they are always packed. This is a can't pass up experience!  5 stars!
5	This BBQ is the best I have ever had. I am from Fort Worth Texas and until today Railhead was my number one place. Sorry FTW hombres.  This is a passion for Scott and you can tell. Get there early as they run out fast. Also, the grits are a must!!!!  A quiet and non descript building but full on down home seriousness awaits you inside. Have fun and enjoy!!!!!
5	Man what can I say about this place that will convince you fellow yelpers to try it and not be steered off by the line. It is absolutely incredible. Got there about 11:30 on Saturday and parking lot was jammed. Line was wrapped around the building but I was preppared having read the reviews before going. it moved pretty fast. Got to the door in about 25 min. Once I got close to the door they announced they were running out and had only briscuit and sausages. I came here for the ribs but was still determined to get my hands on something. Got the briscuit with jalapeno cheese grits and bbq beans. Let me just say the food is amazing and well worth the wait. Meat was smokey and juicy. Best briscuit I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and get the ribs, I realize I have to get in line just before they open to get what I want now. Definately will be back. You are short changing yourself if you don't try this
3	I want to be clear.  My review is not about the barbecue. The 'que is great.  When you can get it.  The first time I stopped by I stood in line in the heat for 20+ minutes.  Was glad to finally get inside and get my 'que and sides and I really enjoyed them all.  Probably some of the best 'que in town.  The problem is..they run out.  And you never know when they are going to run out.  You could drive over there and the 'sold out' sign is already hung on the front gate.  That's what happened the 2nd time I went by.  A hour after they opened, they're out?  I've eaten a lot of great barbecue, all throughout Texas, the south, the midwest...All seem to be able to have plenty of quality meats and sides available during open hours.  Most restaurants seem to manage their food that way.  Running out is the exception rather than the daily pattern.  This food is good.  The thing is I'm just not willing to drive over there again on the hope there might be some meat still available that day. It's not that good.  It's like playing barbecue roulette. This ultimately may damage their business model. Nobody continues to go to any restaurant where in your mind your already know they might be out of what you're looking for. Ultimately consumers faced again and again with that situation will got someplace where they know there will be food and they can sit down and have their meal. I'll settle for some pretty great 'cue at some other places around town...that always manage to have plenty no matter when I get there.
3	Maybe I had my hopes too high going into this place due to the glowing reviews, but this place was just ok to me. We got there right at 11 when they open and there was a hefty line. Why is the line so long and moves so slowly? The owner individually cuts meat for each person...this is nice and all... but maybe during the summer he may want to consider streamlining the process? Just a thought. And yes, the owner's dad was charming and took us on the tour of the smoker... which we enjoyed, but caused a little stress as our spots in line inched towards the door... we had been waiting in the heat for a long time and didn't want to lose our spot. Anyway, we made it back to our spots as we entered the door. Great. We sampled the brisket.. it was very tasty and tender. Get up to the counter... Our plan was that we would get a 2 meat plate and a sandwich to share with our two meats being the brisket and the (special) beef short rib. Ordered and was informed that the beef short rib didn't come on the plates.... umm, maybe you should disclose this prior? Maybe I missed it, I dunno. The owner said 'Look how big this is, it can't go on the plate!' I guess, but most of its bulk was the bone... the actual amount of meat was not that large. Regardless, we ended up getting the two meat plate with pork rib and brisket (sides: grits and beans), the pulled pork Jefe sandwich (pulled pork, sausage, pickles... we got it without slaw), and a beef short rib (that's why we came, right?). The total? 40$! Whoa... that's some expensive BBQ. Some of the food was very good and others did not live up to expectation. The short rib was good, but had a bit of a burnt flavor. The pork ribs were pretty boring... no sauce... the sauce they have on the table was not very flavorful and the meat didn't fall off the bone... kind of a meh dish. The brisket was good, as previously stated, very tender, but a bit peppery. The grits were gluey and not spicy enough for being billed as 'jalapeno' and the beans were nothing special either. The sandwich was the stand out dish. The pulled pork was very good, I didn't love the sausage, but the pork and the pickles with some sauce made for a tasty sandwich. I don't know that I would be back anytime soon, but if I did, I would get the pork sandwich and be done. PS I ate so much meat at this place, I'm pretty sure I got the meat sweats, so be careful! Haha. Happy eating Yelpers!PPS - I got this response from the owner here, which I think is really awesome. Nice to know some owners can look at their business and make small changes to improve! Thanks Scott!'Thanks for coming in to check out our little barbecue place and for posting a Yelp review. I'll be honest, three stars isn't what I like to see but after reading your review I get it and we are going to change a few things. This week we are going to make sure that it's easy to see on the menu that the beef rib isn't included with the plate. I wish we could add them to the plates but my cost on each one is around $12. I'm also going to tweak my cooking method tonight to hopefully not have them get that burnt taste. For some reason, they took forever to cook and I think it dried out the meat a little and gave them too much smoke.  Right now we have tons of people ordering very large orders right when we open and the line stands still while that happens. We are adding another smoker in the next two months and will advertise that we take bulk meat to go orders for pick up prior to open. Our hope is that it will alleviate the wait when we are putting together those orders. I'm sorry about the grits, every now and then they get a little dry and become gummy. We now have a little cup of water nearby to make sure that that doesn't happen.  Once again, thanks for coming in and thanks for your input. It has been beneficial.'
5	Love Little Miss BBQ!!  This is the smoky, tender, fatty goodness of my dreams.  I have eaten in and taken it home in massive quantities and either way it's amazing.  2 pork ribs is enough to fill up a linebacker, add some beans loaded with meat, some slaw and white bread to soak up the juice.  In addition to the ribs we've had brisket and turkey, they ran out of the beef belly just as I got through the door but it didn't matter since nothing here disappoints.  I thought I'd get there when they open to avoid the crowds...wrong, that's when it's most crowded with BBQ addicts.  Later in the day wasn't so bad but perhaps you risk not getting what you want.  Follow them on FB and you'll know when they are "sold out" each day.
5	It was amazing. I am from Tennessee and always looking for good BBQ in Arizona. I now have found it. Some of the best brisket ever. I can't say enough good things. The slaw is awesome. The portions are great. I love the house sauce. Definitely going back and taking the family.
5	Where's that darn bandwagon?  Oh, there it is.... wait wait... hold on, wait for me!  I am getting on it!... slow that wagon down so I can jump right on it... ok.. there. I'm on it.. I'm taking a seat... whoopie... I'm enjoying the ride.There is not much more I can add to the mountain of 5-star reviews.  This is THE best BBQ in Phoenix.  It just is.  I knew this from first taste.  The owner's dad confirmed it when he told me about how many awards they have won in BBQ competitions. FYI:#1 LMB posts on their Facebook page when they've sold out.  You can also call to see if they are sold out before you come.  This place cooks the meat for 12 hours!  This is not something you can decide to cook at 9am and it be ready at 2pm.  Call them.  They are so nice when you call on the phone.  They understand, you want BBQ... they want to sell BBQ to you and they want you to be happy.  CALL!  Check Facebook,.... I have done these things.#2. I want to point out that ribs that are cooked properly DO NOT FALL off the bone.  They will pull off cleanly, but won't fall off.   Trust me on this.  I love the fact that ALL of their meat is served dry and without sauce.  Their sauces are delicious.  Add your sauce if you like it, but if you don't like sauce, like me, then you can enjoy flavorful meat and not have to complain about a sauced meat (which is usually using sauce to cover up a lack of flavor in the dry meat).  I may be misquoting the owner on this, but they intend to specialize in absolutely delicious generic BBQ - meaning..... you can eat it with or without sauce and still enjoy.  #3. I have tried EVERYTHING they cook here.  My top 3 favorites are.Fatty BrisketSausagePulled PorkLean BrisketBeef Rib (more like a Flintstone sized piece of meat.  You get this on Fri/Sat ONLY)Sorry LMB, my dad still makes the absolute best BBQ pork ribs I've had in my life.  But LMB makes the best brisket I've ever tasted.Ok, So that was five.  But you get the point.Go here... EARLY.  There will likely be a line.  Be prepared.  Enjoy.
3	First off the food was good...I ordered a 2-meat platter with Brisket and Pastrami.  The pastrami was a bit over fattened yet the brisket was fall-apart cooked.  Served cafeteria style you would think the line would move quickly.  We go there at 1030am for 11am opening and the line was already 25 people deep.  Some 45 minutes later we were up to the serving counter.  The question is whether it was worth the wait...I dont know, I probably wouldnt dedicate that much time to a line again as there are almost as good Que nearby without the lines outside.  Why did we go so early?  They have a small smoker so they sell-out everyday often not making it through lunch.So decent Que but take away the fatty pastrami and the long lines I think there's better places.
4	Been here 5 times now 3 times were really good and couple times the meat was off a little but that's the way it goes with bbq. I have lived in Austin so I have been able to have some of the best bbq in the country.  This place isnt quit Franklin BBQ but seems to be following the same business model. Even the sauces are in the same type containers. Summer will tell for this place as I would not want to wait in the heat that long. The owners seems to be very social media savvy, and are very nice and friendly. I would suggest that they not let people hold tabels without having food. I was there one day and some older lady sat at a table and her husband was about 20 deep outisde the building. If you go there and they are sold out try Texas BBQ House, they have very good Q too and you dont have to wait outside.
5	Recently opened BBQ joint... and very delicious.Lines are long, so get there early!Between the 2 of us, we ordered the following:- Pastrami- Beef Brisket- Pork RibsEnough for another meal.  Delicious!
4	The folks that work here are awesome and really make this an experience. Don't come if you're expecting a quick lunch. I arrived around 11:10 on a weekday and waited about 45 minutes to order. They let you sample all the different cuts before you make a decision.  Most of the bbq was pretty good, but didn't reach "my eyes rolling back in their sockets" amazing which is what I expected after these reviews.  The pastrami was very dry and salty. Fatty brisket was the best cut for me followed by the sausage of all things. The sides tasted like they had been cooked and were sitting out for a while - not impressed. Overall, Little Miss is worth checking out at least once. For me, it wasn't above and beyond some other local offerings....and definitely pales in the nationwide bbq hunt.  Seems like they've got a good following though so my chip in the reviews shouldn't hurt too much.
2	If you like expensive, fatty BBQ, then is the place for you. After reading all of the gushing reviews for Little Miss, we decided to give it a try. We were third in line and the 25 minute wait wasn't bad. When we got inside the place, my wife looked at the menu board and went "Oh No". The prices were quite high, a two meat plate with tax was over 16 bucks $16.00+. We both ordered lean brisket and a rib plus 2 sides. To be fair, both the brisket and rib was tender but since they wrap the brisket and ribs in either butchers paper or aluminum foil and put them in a warming oven before carving, a leather boot would be tender. Both cuts were loaded with fat. I do not mind some marbling on my BBQ but this was over the top with fat. The meat itself was bland. No slight flavor from the dry rub or the hardwood.  Personally, a bit of crusty bark on "Q" does a lot for the flavor.Little Miss is a step above, Rudy's, Honey Bears, Dave's and Can't Stop Smokin BBQ but price wise any of those places are a better money value.Would I return to Little Miss BBQ? No!
4	I got lucky to get my beef rib which they ran out right after I got my order. What a luck. This place has become one of my favorite places. Absolute changed my mind about BBQ after visiting Little Miss BBQ. The meat was so juicy, just the way I wanted it to be. When I got here it was a little crowded, even though I arrived by 10:30 I had to wait like 20 minutes. That is pretty much a long wait, however reading others reviews I think I'm just OK with my wait time. Feel really sorry for those who waited more than 40 minutes. I'd rather cook my own BBQ at home. Make your own conclusion on when to arrive, but the food is absolutely amazing. Worth the wait time though..
5	First time here. My boss recommended this place and raved about the reviews. As a backyard BBQ participant I appreciate the art. Some might not be a fan of waiting in line and an ending amount of food but I get it. If it's right, good, and prepared properly who cares if if runs out!  Get here early and get it fresh!  The brisket is the bomb!  Some of the best I've had. Great mixture of heat and salt with every bite melting in your mouth. No dryness or tough chew. Well done pitmaster. Good choices of sauces on the table but my favorite is the mustard sauce. I'm a sucker for it. Although several choices of the menu were unavailable upon my arrival, if they are half as good as what the brisket and beans were the line should be twice as long. Get down here Phoenicians and taste real BBQ.
5	Best BBQ I have had in Phoenix!  Great hole in the wall place with awesome, friendly owners. The brisket fell apart, the pulled pork and homemade sausage were outstanding and the sauce out of this world. This is a must visit place!
5	The place to go to! Hands down the best BBQ in the Valley. Be prepared to wait a good 20min but it's totally worth it. Food is killer!
5	Simply the best in Phoenix.  End of argument.  Now, I'll qualify that statement by saying that I grew up in Texas and have had some good BBQ along the way.  Little Miss would easily be able to hold her own in my home state.Their brisket is worth the wait, no matter how hot. The ribs are a close second. I haven't tried the pulled pork or the short ribs, but I'm told they're awesome.Warning: Go before 1:00 PM if you want a full selection b/c they will run out of meat given the popularity of the food.  If you get there and they are sold out, don't give up.  Just come a little earlier next time. You won't be disappointed.Full disclosure: I'm not in love with the sides, but I'm certain they'll get that right over time.  It's hardly a reason to avoid the place. Meat, pickels, onions, bread, something cold to drink...what else do you really need.  Enjoy and save me a spot in line!
5	They are so deserving of 5 stars...I have had the Salt Lick BBQ Driftwood TX, Tom's in Gilbert, Can't Stop Smokin' Chandler, Rudy's (Chandler, El Paso, Austin) and many more across the country and I can honestly say that I have NEVER, NEVER, NEVER had a brisket as absolutely delicious as what I had for lunch today.  The cheddar grits are mouthwatering.  I am already planning my next visit.  So glad that my company's office is located a few blocks from this place so I can visit often.
5	Having driven by Little Miss nearly every day on my way to work I finally made good on the promise I made to myself that I would eat there.  Of course It wasn't a secret by that time with a ton of great reviews already on Yelp.  Still, I feel the need to say that it was pretty much the best brisket I've found in my time in the Phoenix area.  Tender.  Tender.  Tender.For just under $12 I got a healthy-sized sandwich of delicious smoked meats, a bottle of Mexican coke and a side of potato salad.  I don't remember ever having barbeque as satisfying as this for less money.
5	I reiterate "Simply the best BBQ in Phoenix...end of discussion". I have taken several people to LMBBQ, and each one, with no prompting or set up, has said basically the same thing when Scott (the proprietor) gives them a sample of brisket. They have said either "Oh my" or "Oh my God", without exception. Happened again today. That is remarkable and a better review than all the flowery language one can muster. This is great Q. Keeping smokin' that delicious meat Scott.
5	Wow my second visit and just as amazing. BRISKET oh the brisket they do it low and slow. Meat has a 1/4 inch smoke ring. Pulled pork is amazing one day I will get in early enough to have some ribs. Thank you thank you pitmaster. Get there early they sell out most days by 1:30 it's that good. I do know good bbq Oklahoma Joes, Arthur Bryants, Kruez market; Louie Mueller, Salt Lick, Rendezvous, interstate bbq the list goes on and on lil Miss bbq your up in the top echelon of bbq. Thank you for serving your cue.
5	I am hesitant to write another glowing review because there is already a 30 minute wait to eat here but the owners and their family were so nice that I feel compelled to spread the word. I have eaten at many (many) BBQ joints throughout the US and nothing has come close to the brilliance that is the fatty brisket at Little Miss BBQ. The pulled pork was also delicious and the turkey was moist and flavorful. I highly recommend both in addition to the heavenly brisket. The only negative I could find is the high prices but you get what you pay for here - absolutely wonderful BBQ!
5	Best damn BBQ in AZ! The brisket was awesome. The beef ribs was awesome! The pulled pork was awesome! The sausage was awesome! The sauces were awesome! Can't wait to go back and try the pork ribs!
5	I hate when this place is closed. This is the best BBQ I have ever had from a commercial establishment. Using commercial lightly because the staff working there are phenomenal, they're kind, talkative, respectful and can toss around a few jokes if you are willing. EVERYTIME I come in here I leave with a smile in anticipation for what my taste buds will endure. The parking can be tight but the service is fast and I've never had a problem getting in and out. The only think I hate about this place is the hours. Tuesday-SAT 11-4 i'm at work. And the days I want you the the most they are closed. I guess that is a good thing, otherwise I wouldn't be eating so great. I feel bad for the people that work near here and have to smell that goodness everytime they fire up those grills!Bravo little Miss BBQ, now I can't get satisfying ribs without walking through your door.
5	The owner actually sold me a smoker in his previous life. I didn't even know this was his place. I didn't recognize him. At the end of meal he remembered my name.. I told him this was the first restaurant in Arizona that makes better bbq than my backyard smoker. They do well in competition bbq circuit and their rubs sauces and meat is out of this world. I came in before we realized we knew each other and he forced me to try everything they had left...which wasn't much late in the day. Everything was so good but after the sampling I went with the brisket.  Bark flavorful. Nice smokering. Nice moisture.  You aren't going to find better bbq in arizona and I know bbq. They need to setup other places valley wide and start dinner service...I would never smoke my own meat again. Very friendly staff and great vibe. selfishly I want this to remain a secret but it's clearly not anymore and I wish the nice owners all the success in the world.
5	Holy mole is this place good!  A group of us from work went to try this place out since I kept reading some awesome reviews about it.  And it's everything it states it will be plus more!  We got there around noon and waited about an hour to place our order.  The nice part was they gave us cold water bottles while we waited in line and gave us a tour of the smoker so we could learn how they cooked the meats and why it was so good.  Once inside the guys are super nice and let you try the meat if you ask for a sample.  Since we didn't get in the door until close to 1 they ran out of fatty brisket and turkey.  But I had a lean brisket sandwich and it was still so moist!  Also had the potato salad and I'm already craving it for the next time.  The other tip I learned while there is Tuesday is their slower day so maybe only a 30 min wait?  Everything was awesome!
4	This is really good BBQ. Is it the best in Phoenix? NO. But it's DAAAAMN good.The Good: Brisket done rightAwesome Mustard BBQ sauceGrits as a sideGreat Pulled PorkFriendly owner and StaffThe BAD:The Ribs. Not great. Better than a place like Rudys but can't touch a place like Texas BBQ HouseThe Wait- 30 min standing in line in 105 degree weather. Not fun. Thats 10 mins after they open.The price. This is probably the most expensive BBQ in town. $17lb for Brisket? Holy crap.The regular SauceAll in all a really great BBQ place that is the only thing that has come close to touching Texas BBQ House. I would say their Brisket is def on par, their Pulled Pork is better and their Ribs are not even close. TBH will still be the go to. Then this place.In order of best BBQ in town....well.....there are only 2 worth a dang as far as im concerned1. Texas BBQ House2. Little Miss BBQ3.......meh......I guess Rudys but only for everything other than Ribs.
5	The owners Dad was babysitting the slow smoked meats outside during lunchtime, and we were lucky enough to get to sit and chat with him during our visit. Throughout our conversation we learned that this little BBQ joint is a labor of love, not profits. They want to put the best product out there. Their joy, comes from our joy, as we sink our teeth into their melt in your mouth meats. When we entered they asked if it was our first time. They welcomed us and thanked us for patronizing them and then they gave us a bit of fatty and non fatty brisket to sample. Our faces lit up when we bit into that brisket. The brisket was ridiculously tender. Go with the fatty cut! If you are trying to eat healthy this is not the time to do it. Save those calories for later. The fatty cut had so much more depth. It was a party in the mouth whereas the lean cut was just a nice intimate gathering of friends. Both were good, but the fatty cut was outstanding! We were also lucky enough to get a sample of their house made sausage. It was one of the juiciest sausages I've ever sunk my teeth into and the seasoning level was spot on. There is room for improvement with the side dishes. You can tell that the meat products are the specialty and the side dishes are a project in the works. We were expecting an explosion of depth and flavor with the beans when we discovered that leftover bits of brisket were placed in the pot to stew with them but, alas, they greatly disappointed.Come for the meats! Smoked with oak, prepared with care. It's a family affair and they will welcome you with open arms.
5	The hype is real, and it's worth standing in line.LMB staff are some of the nicest and hard working people you'll meet.The fatty brisket is world-class, but I've never had a bad meat there. The beans and grits are incredible, and the jalapeno cheese grits aren't too hot.What else can you write for a place that has over 100 reviews and a 5-star rating!
5	Hands down the best bbq I ever ate. The sausage and brisket are out of this world.  Only complaints is the long wait and the potato salad waant great but I had to get it since they were sold out of beans. Will be back
5	Ignore the wait. Ignore the fact they sell out of food. Ignore the short hours. This place is worth every second in line, it is worth chancing that what you want is sold out. It is worth hanging out at to get BBQ this good.Free samples? Check.Free smells? Check.Extremely friendly owners and staff? Check.Value? Check.We both got the Jefe. SO F'N GOOD. The brisket mixed with sausage hit the spot, and the slaw was some of the best. Reminded us of our own home made slaw, which we prefer over most places... so of course we loved it.I also managed to try my friends ribs, they were delicious. Moist and meaty. Perfectly seasoned.The beans were sold out, I was looking forward to those. The grits were very good, but the potato salad was REALLY good. This isn't some store bought slop, it is tasty & chunky home-made salad and it is delicious.I wouldn't stand in line every hot day (they at least had shade... and when it wasn't enough, pulled out another tent and added more), but this needs to be a place I go to regularly. I will absolutely be back to try more.
5	So if one comes when they open on a cloudy Friday - be prepared to wait. But the wait is oh-so-incredibly worth it. This is, by far, the very best BBQ I have ever had in my entire life. Sure it isn't cheap, nor should it be - you pay for meat, dedication, patience, meat and effort. And meat.I got the short tour while waiting from some knowledgeable gentleman. It was interesting. I will just go by what I tasted. * Lean brisket - very very good. * Fat brisket - absolutely amazing. (And I don't like fat meats)* Sausage - tasty* Beans - quite good* Potato salad - meh, my moms blows this potato salad out of the water* Grits - I didn't have the guts to try it. Next time. * House BBQ sauce - very nice* House Hot BBQ sauce - nice w a strange kick to it.It is all outside, yet shaded seating. Most people seem to take theirs to go though. These guys have changed the way I view BBQ from now on. I am a changed man. Their product (meat) is fantastic, their business approach could be improved. But I am only here to rate the best BBQ I have ever tasted to date in my life. There is nothing more to say. 7 stars for the meat, -2 for the wait and the basics of everything.
5	Awesome BBQ shop. It opens at 11 am and I was there around 10:58 and there was already a line of 30 people. It took about 30 min to get inside and get my food, but it was well worth the wait. While ordering my food I got to try sausage and brisket (the best brisket of my life) and I ordered a pork sandwich. Also amazing. I want to go back and try more BBQ options! The staff was amazing, a man welcomed me with a bottled water while I waited in line and he went out of his way to ask me how it was after I was finished eating.
5	My first taste of LIttle Miss was picked up and brought to me, and I had to check it out for myself.  If I could give 4.5 stars I would, but I will round up.  I had the brisket both times, because it is so highly recommended and because I don't eat pigs.  Both times, awesome.  It's juicy, tender and full of flavor.  The owner, Scott, gives samples when you make it in the door.  I get it on a sandwich with a side of house BBQ sauce.The shop is very small, with indoor and outdoor seating.  There's room for not much besides the line that passes by the counter where Scott will personally slice your meat.  The smoker out back is about as large as the shop, and Scott's father is happy to give a tour of it!Everybody there (all 4 employees) were very hospitable.  They clearly love what they do and have fun coming to work.  They're also GREAT at it, as evidenced by the delicious food and BBQ awards they have won.The only downside (the half star, if I could) is the line.  There's a little bit of a trendy, scarcity thing going on here that seems to attract people, rather than scare them off.  It seems that the reason for the long wait is primarily the fact that Scott prepares the meat for each order himself, which is great.  But perhaps an apprentice of sorts could help keep things moving a little speedier?  Scott's dad handing out bottled water is the only reason some of us survived the line out in the Phoenix heat.  To sum up: Absolutely come give this place a try, but know what you're walking in to!  Bring a friend and extra time for the line.
4	I would give this place a 4.5/5 it is definitely one of the best BBQ places in the Phoenix area. I had the Jefe which is perfect if you want a little bit of everything. The sausage has great flavor, the brisket is tender and not overly seasoned, and the cold slaw adds that little something extra to the sandwich. Next time I plan on getting the Brisket and hopefully the Pastrami (only made on Thursday and they sold out within 30 min of opening).The people working there are great and all they want to do is please the customer. One of the guys there (I assume was the owner) was giving out free water for people standing in line outside and showing us the different meat in the smoker. Inside on of the employees was giving us samples of the brisket (always love samples). I do wish the had Macaroni and Cheese as a side, but the potato salad was good with added BBQ sauce to it. Great place to try out if you have a little bit of time.
5	Absolutely phenomenal... You can smell the greatness once you open your car door.  Brisket was flavorful, tender and the sausage was fantastic  too.  The sides were on point.Employees were extremely friendly and offered samples while standing in line.
5	My boyfriend & I were on a long layover in Phoenix so we wanted to get out & get some good food and fresh air. We stumbled upon this little place. The food was delicious and the atmosphere is casual. The service is as friendly as you can get, and one of the workers gave us a tour of the BBQ pit. This place definitely deserves 5 stars for authentic delicious BBQ and wonderful customer service.
5	Really terrific BBQ experience. I will return every time I'm in Phoenix. I was the first in line. By opening time the line was long. When I entered, the owner handed me a chunk of brisket. WOW! I was hooked. I ordered burnt ends and they were just incredible. Also had some terrific sausage but the brisket is the shining star. I would go back and order 2 lbs of the brisket if I could.
5	worth the wait....very fair prices great service good energy.Got there around 11:30 got the last parking spot in lot food in hand by 12:15 eating at home by 12:30. For those who aren't familiar with bbq pricing if you are not ordering a meal(meat sides drink etc) you pay by the pound. The prices here were very reasonable. Saturday Special is Beef Short Rib 18.99 a pound. I got a pound of that a pound of pulled pork 13.99 a pound  1 pork rib forget price and beef brisket 18.99 lb. On top of that the guy in front me ended up getting just the pork short rib meat so he let me have the bone to give to Charlie.(great bday present for the boy!) I know it was overkill but I don't know the next time i'll be able to go so I had to try it all. Next time I need to try the smoked turkey the sausage and the sides. 3 out of the items I loved. 1 liked. The pulled pork was good but not as flavorful as the others. The  in house bbq sauces made up for that. My favorite was the spicy so I bought a bottle $8 . The honey mustard one was good but too sweet to eat a lot of it. While waiting in line one of the employees was passing out water. There was misters while in line and a tent for shading a portion of the line as well. He saw me taking pictures of the smoker and walked up said sometimes they give tours of it but nothing to show today since they did all the cooking last night. Inside the staff was very friendly butcher was passing out samples making jokes checkout was quick too.      sidenote I had there gelato they are currently serving at Gelato Spot and it was pretty good as well. Smoked banana caramel something or other...Spots near 44th Street and University.
4	Okay.  I've heard some very good things about this place and have been itching to give it a try.  Unfortunately, Phoenix BBQ has been a string of disappointments for me so I'm always hopeful that some place will come along to fill the massive BBQ void here.  Could this be "the one"?I arrived at 10:45 a.m. on a Saturday and there was already a line.  Word-of-mouth has definitely spread about this place and customer traffic has gained good traction as a result.  Always promising to have people line up for your food right?  The folks at Little Miss BBQ are very hospitable and they start that while you are in line.  There was a gentleman handing out bottled waters and helping people organize their vehicles in the parking lot.  They also had misters going to help the would-be patrons stay cool in this ridiculous Arizona heat.  The doors opened at 11 a.m. and the line moved along nicely.  I ordered the 2 meat plate with Jalapeno Cheddar Grits and Beans.  As usual, I picked beef brisket and ribs.  See pictures below.  I was happy to see sliced brisket and was getting pretty excited at this point.  Indoor seating filled up pretty quick since the space is limited, but I had no problem finding a spot at one of the benches outside.  The meat was seasoned well, moist and tasted good.  I would describe the flavor profile as tangy and peppery.  I sampled some of their sauces and they tasted pretty good.  The sides were flavorful as well.Overall, I was happy with the flavor of the food.  I did feel like the food was a little overcooked, but it was not bad.  There were no deal-breakers for me, but in the end, I just wasn't blown away with the experience.  I was glad I made the trip and may go back if I'm in the area.  In closing, you should definitely give Little Miss BBQ a shot.  It is some of the better BBQ that I've had in Phoenix.
5	Amazing. Best brisket I've ever had. Ribs and sausage were great too. Only thing missing was beer. Plan to wait in line outside for about 20 min. They have shade and misters which really help. Super nice people too. Love this place. A must!
5	This place has amazing BBQ!! My husband brought me the lunch with turkey and pulled pork.  So delicious!  Get there by 1030 since they open at 11 and there will be a line for this place. Worth the wait!
5	Just flew in from Austin and headed straight here after reading about it online. Let me tell you, this is authentic Texas BBQ and their sauce is unreal. I will warn you once you go Texas BBQ you will never go back.Can't wait till I am back in town to have it again.
5	The best BBQ out West?  Yes...yes indeed.  Head and shoulders above anything else! After a semi disappointing BBQ meal on Thursday night, I needed some redemption.  I decided to drive down here on Friday morning.  I arrived at around 10:40 and there was already a line of about 15 people deep.  I grabbed a seat on the bench in the shade and waited patiently until they opened.  During this time, one of the owners/employees was showing the smoker to some folks and handing out bottled water and directing traffic all at the same time.  Good man!  They opened the doors right at 11 and everyone got excited!  Right around 11:30, I was in the door and ready to order.  I got up to the counter and was handed some fatty brisket chunks (burnt ends). Melt in your mouth tender!  It was a great sample!  I then placed my order.  I ordered one beef rib, 2 pork ribs, 1/4lb of fatty brisket and a sausage.  The guy busts out this rack of 3 beef ribs.  He asks me which one I want and I tell him to pick.  He cuts me the center rib!  He then slices up my brisket, ribs and sausage.  They weigh everything out, put it on butcher paper on a tray, you pay and then go eat. My total was $37.00.  A tad steep for one person for one meal but it was totally worth it.  Next time I would order things different, but this time I had no regrets.   Here are how the meats stacked up.....................................Fatty Brisket-($18.00 lb)  Whenever I eat brisket, I am never too impressed.  It always tastes like pot roast and is just ok.  You know why that is?  Because I have continually tried shitty brisket.  This brisket here at Little Miss BBQ is PROPER brisket and is exactly how brisket SHOULD taste!  I loved it!  You could see the smoke ring, the honeycomb pattern, the nice thick bark etc.  These slices of brisket were beautiful to look at and a pleasure to eat.  I wish I had ordered more of it.  It was melt in your mouth tender.  It was SO DAMN GOOD!Beef Rib- ($18.95 lb)  This thing was a beast!  He cut me off the center rib and it weighed something like 1.3lbs!  That is why my meal was so expensive.  This rib alone was probably close to $25.00.  This thing was so huge, it was scary.  This rib was fatty, rich and decadent.  I just kept pulling it apart with my fingers and digging in.  They are only available on Friday and Saturdays.  I probably would not get one again though just because of the cost factor.  I would rather have a pound and and a half of brisket rather that one beef rib.  Don't get me wrong, the thing was amazing, but for $20-25, I would rather get some of their other delicious meats.Pork Ribs- ($16.00 lb..I think?)  I got 2 of these.  They are St. Louis style ribs.  Smoked perfect, seasoned well.  I have had better pork ribs, but these were still killer and I would definitely get them again.  The meat came off with a little tug and it was chewy yet tender at the same time.  Sausage- ($3.75 a link)  The sausage was fantastic!  It was a coarser grind than most sausages I am used to but it worked.  It had a little spice to it and a lot of garlic/onion taste.  The texture in your mouth was fantastic and I loved every bite of it.  I would definitely get it again!This BBQ was so damned good!  By far the best brisket I have ever had, the beef rib was awesome, the pork ribs were delicious and the sausage was great too!  No complaints at all!  The only thing that will keep me away are the lines.  Get there early, or be prepared to wait for a long long time!  Even if you have to wait, it is still totally worth it.  You can't get much better BBQ than this!
5	A little slice of heaven. First of all, this is the best BBQ'd meat I've ever had and I've tasted a lot from NC, KC, TX, and Chicago and everywhere in between. Their fatty brisket is my favorite but the pastrami (only on Thursdays), pork, sausage, ribs, and even turkey are outstanding. Because the food is so good you will find that they will frequently run out of some things (or everything) before their 4pm closing time. I suggest going before 2pm. Expect to wait in line and because the indoor seating is limited you might have to sit at an outdoor picnic table. However, the tables are under a tent and they have misters going on hot summer days. I can't say enough about the food and staff. This is one of my favorite places to go in the Phoenix area. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Five stars. Would give six if possible.  I have to warn you though, a trip to Little Miss BBQ can be frustrating...parking woes, long lines, long waits, running out of certain meats, a small dining area...but those aren't really the owners' problems. It's caused by the high demand for the best BBQ I've had in Arizona.  I've now tried all of their meats and the only one I found to be less than the best was the turkey--and who eats turkey when there's incredible brisket, ribs, pork, and sausage to be had? Come on. I've heard they're expanding production sometime soon which is great--at least, your chances of waiting for a while then learning they're out of brisket are reduced.  Still, despite the hassle it can present, check this place out immediately.  Best way to avoid it is get there at 10:30, before the doors open. Plenty of parking then and you might be around tenth in line. If you get there closer to 11 or later, well, I hope you brought some reading material because it's gonna be quite a wait. Worth it nonetheless.
5	Perfect barbeque. Super friendly. I can't believe this place is for real. I feel like I stumbled upon a secret.
5	Hands down, this is the best BBQ I have ever had. Always go really early or wait until after 12:30 (although you risk there being less selection.) The brisket is amazing and I could eat my weight in jalapeno cheese grits (that's a lot of grits.) I kind of want to tell everyone this place sucks just so there's more for me.
4	A family operation that knows what barbecue is all about. I've eaten here on a number of occasions and have yet to have a bad meal. The elder statesman will be outside conducting tours of the smoker and handing out bottles of water to patrons standing in line. The young pitmaster is inside carving and serving up some of the best Texas barbecue to be had outside of Austin or Longview; not to mention this is the friendliest service I've seen in a long time.The Upside: The food is phenomenal. Absolutely the best Texas-style barbecue in Phoenix bar none. You need to get here early because Scott only smokes so much and he usually sells out by 1:30pm. But, the beef ribs, when offered, are usually gone by 12;30...For pork ribs, the meat just falls off the bone. For beef ribs, the cracked pepper rub is the best. The brisket has a nice bark and a smoke flavor that's just outstanding, Having eaten here on several occasions, none of the meats have been dry or anything other than top notch. The sauces are all made in-house. The sides are also excellent. My favorites are the cole slaw and the barbecue beans. They've recently started offering a pecan pie baked off in the smoker. I can't wait to try this new item. Sorry, guys, I'm not a fan of cheese grits -- no matter what!! (LOL!!) Drinks? Canned and bottled Coke products are offered. The Downside: They open at 11:00am. If you arrive after 11:30, you'll spend more time waiting on line than you will ordering/eating. Recently, I arrived just before noon and didn't get done eating until almost 2:00pm. The line outside the door, a testament to the quality of the food, is also the real enemy of this place.  If you're handicapped, you're S.O.L. Plan accordingly.I would have given Little Miss BBQ five stars, but have to knock them down half a star because if you're handicapped or simply can't stand in line for almost an hour it's practically impossible to eat here. There are no phone orders (I tried.) -- unless you order more than five lbs of meat and place your order 48 hrs in advance. However, if you;re willing (or able) to stand in line, it's the best bbq around.
5	I have been all over Phx area trying BBQ and this place is by far the best BBQ in Phx. That said the sauce was a lil to sweet for me but who needs sauce anyway. Get there early very limited parking. This is my new spot.HZWeekend BBQ'r
5	Though I've lived most of my life in Hawaii and then Phoenix my family, for several generations, is from Texas - and thus, we are enamored of good Texas BBQ even though none us have lived there for about three decades. Lucky for me, I've found an amazing example of Central Texas style BBQ - which is a product of German cooking styles and Texas raised beef - and generally homemade sausage that is heavy on the black pepper - and of course, brisket in slices versus say, chopped. like they do in East Texas.Little Miss BBQ knocks the Central Texas style of BBQ out of the park - I had a taste of their house made sausage and I was transported back to the Texas BBQs of my childhood - smokey, greasy, black peppery goodness! In addition, the brisket, both lean and fatty, literally falls apart and has that wonderful smoke ring and dry rubbed goodness that are classic characteristics of Texas style brisket. For those of you not into red meat the smoked turkey is also delicious - I haven't tried the potato salad but the cheesy grits were good and helped offset the spicy nature of the beans, chock full of BBQ bits and black pepper - you can also get a tray or to-go plate with white bread, onions, pickles and jalapeno slices -  they do have seating outside and a few seats inside but easiest to get your BBQ and go, at least until the weather gets a bit cooler. In summation, no need to go to Texas to get good German inspired Central Texas BBQ, it is right here in Tempe - love it!
5	I wrote a review back in Feb. and been enjoying consistently great BBQ. So why am I authoring another review well not surprisingly there is an added menu course - dessert! While there are no choices I want "Bekke's" pecan pie. Yes it sells out just like everything at Little Miss! What a tasty not too sweet house made treat - try it!FYI recall Bekke is Scott's 'bride'!
4	Really good food if your willing to wait in line! Staff was super friendly and parking pretty much sucked. We got there at 10;45 and they don't open till 11, so we had a decent place in line and the ordering process is such that it takes a little longer at the door to first order and then be seated ( very limited seating) and the food cutter at the door is giving out samples that are quite scrumptious, but I have to wonder if you can ever do lunch in 1 hour here. I will for sure  go back when I have time, but it's one of those deals where even if you get there early you still have to wait. Only downfall on this place- is the wait line- food was awesome.
5	The best BBQ I've had - and I lived in Texas for a bit.  Tender and delicious meat and the best potato salad.  Just delicious!
5	Wow.Just...WOW.I have been meaning to go here, but each time I try they are too busy or almost sold out. My teammate and I stopped by and were in heaven at about 1:30 in the afternoon...read on~Fud~I had the Smoked Turkey. It was the best turkey I have ever had. They smoke their turkey for hours, and make this option available to someone like me who is simply not too keen for the traditional BBQ dishes places like this produce. The Turkey came dry with a basic rub it went into the oven with, and two sides. I chose Cheese grits and some coleslaw. The cheese grits are to die for, you have to try them next time you get a plate folks.The rest of the menu is equally amazing. The brisket which my teammate had was juicy, and her sides also complemented the dish. The prices were not too radical either, given the time and effort they went into making everything. Everything is made from scratch...EVERYTHING.~Ambiance/Service~A small eating area is available to most who want to chow down and hang. It gets hot in here quickly, with the sun and airflow not helping much. It doesn't matter, its a fun little spot to kick it and enjoy killer BBQ. The staff was so kind and helpful, coming up to myself and my coworker to ensure we were happy...they apologized like 4 times about the lack of options, since they were near sold out. We got everything we wanted and more, amazing service.~Extraz/Rating~Try the turkey folks. It was juicy, barely any fat and it mixes so well with the sides they offer. The staff is down to like....about 6 people it looks like. Thats right, they literally have less than 10 employees I think. The menu changes daily, and they do cater, ask for a card if you want them to help you out. Also, they have an item on the menu called The Jefe. Not really anything else to point out, just thought I would mention they have a special, and it is properly named and spelled correct. Sploosh5 stars. 3 stars for the Best BBQ I have had out here, one star for the cheese grits, and another for kick ass service.. Truly a small operation that is all hand crafted..Come here and enjoy a new tradition in South Phoenix/Tempe-land!
5	Best BBQ ever. Hands down amazing. The line is long because they cut the meat and chat with you. Make sure you got time. It's totally worth the line.
5	This is the best BBQ I've ever had. Period.This was just one of those chance happenings upon. We were in Phoenix for business and Yelped a place to eat. We saw Little Miss BBQ and thought we'd give it a shot. There was a line out the door and everyone in line had great things to say about the place. They were right. I ordered the fatty brisket, pulled pork, sausage, jalepeno grits, coleslaw, and a bottled coke. If you ask me, that was about as close to a perfect meal as it gets. This BBQ really reminds me of Franklin's in Austin. Just a salt and pepper rub. Smoked simply and perfectly. Nice people. Little place to sit. All in all a perfect BBQ experience. Anytime I'm in Phoenix I will be returning.
5	Most amazing BBQ ever. The beef brisket was to die for. The pulled pork was the best I have ever eaten - tremendous flavor, low fat, and very tender. So good I could eat there every day.
5	Words cannot explain how amazing this place is... The brisket literally falls to pieces and does not need any sauce but the sauce is just as delicious! The pork ribs are something that the gods have gifted to us meer humans... This BBQ had changed my standards of BBQ! The beans, potato salad and pecan pie dessert are seriously the most delicious thing ever. This place is LIFE changing. Period.
5	Best BBQ ever!!! Great customer service. Well worth the 30 minute wait. I gota brisket sando and cheesy grits ask for cole slaw on the sandwich and 2 lbs of fatty brisket to go.  Love, love, love this place
5	This place is awesome!   Not a full restaurant but the food is outstanding.  If they decide to open a full place I'm sure they would be millionaires!   Keep it up boys.
5	Had to go get my windshield replaced in the area, it was around lunch time so we got on yelp and came across this place it was really close by so we decided to go.  So glad we did! From the moment we stepped out of the car the smell was so deliciously intoxicating, dare I say orgasmic :-) Best bbq I've had in a long time,  everyone there is also very nice they let us sample their different meats all were mouth watering. We will definitely be going back and suggesting this place to our family and friends :-D
5	After I missed my chance the first time and went to wrong University location in the east valley instead of the airport area, I finally experienced what everyone has been raving about.  I got there a little after 11AM, line was already formed and parking lot was full. Luckily, there was only one parking space left.  Thanks to the owner's dad guiding the traffic and handed out bottle water for people as they waited. The line moved slowly, but once inside you get to sample the different meats while the owner, Scott takes out from the warmer and craves them. We ordered the brisket, house made sausage, pork spare ribs, turkey breast, and potato salad. All the meats were so tender, falls off the bone, and so well seasoned. No bbq sauce needed the flavor is in the meat.  I think that's the way BBQ should be done. Seating: There aren't many tables inside. Expect to wait for one if you want inside a/c. They do have outside seating with shade. Note: they usually sell out fast.  If you arrived after 1PM on the weekend, most of the good stuff are gone.  As other Yelpers indicated, go early!We had a chance to chat with the owner's wife and dad.  They have been competing in the BBQ circuit for a long time.  They also won numerous top awards nationally.  I am really glad they decided to stop competing and settle in Arizona.  Go support this mom & pop place.  Great little place,definitely worth a visit!
5	Just my kinda place...plunked down in the middle of an industrial area just south of the airport.  Grease monkeys across the street, plumbing supply next door.  Dad's in the back tending the smoker, parking cars, chatting up customers, and handing out bottles of water from a Yeti to those in line.Took a half hour to get in, but I finally get there and the dude's behind the counter slicing up these handsome sides of smoked meat and passing out samples of homemade sausage.  I love my veggies, yes, I do, but this is why I'll never be a vegetarian.I was flanked front and back by 30-year-old tech geeks and I totally "out-meated" them.  Stand back, men!  Gimme a pound each of the beef brisket and pulled pork and a half dozen of them sausages...plus a pint each of all of those sides.  Jalapeno cheddar grits (grit-tastic!), husband-pleasin' beans, cole slaw and potato salad...how will I ever make it home?Eat in their 3-table dining room, on the picnic tables in the parking lot, or at home.  And, frankly, why would anyone want to shame themselves by wolfing down every last juicy shred in public?  I'm happier at home, armed with a roll of paper towels and my Tide pen.When it's done, it's done.  Pity the fool who doesn't respect the fact that good meat takes time...a lot of time.I've already sampled everything and it's as good as it gets!  Husband better get home...soon...
4	WOW!!! This was the best brisket I have ever had!!!! This place knows how to make/smoke their meat. I had the pulled pork, the fatty brisket, and a buddy was nice enough to let me try some of his turkey as well. All of the meats here at TOP KNOTCH! The owner and his dad were super nice, and awesome people in general. All that being said, there are several reasons why I think this is a four star place rather then a five star. First of all it is just over priced. The sides are nothing special, and the beans had more kick to them then I was looking for. Second, the place is super small! 90% of the seating is outside and even with the misters, you can't ignore the fact that it is 105 degrees outside. No matter how good the food is, it doesn't taste as good as it could when you are uncomfortable. Third, there are no fountain  drinks or fresh brewed iced tea. How can you have a BBQ place with out fresh ice tea? Answesr: it can't be done right. All there drinks are in cans or bottles. This is kind of related to problem number one with the overall price. You end up paying a $1.50 for a .25 cent can of soda.Last but not least, and the thing that may have upset me the most is the system to get in. This is a place that once they sell out they are closed. They use a line system like the rest of the world but the line does not matter. Several groups set one person early to get in line, then had random people show up and cut in line as we continued to actually get pushed to the back of the line. Look, I don't care if your friend is in front, you get your butt to the back of the line. We had a group of 8 that was split into 3 groups because that was the order we got there. That is how a line works! When you show up, you go to the back! If I did not have people there telling me to calm down it would have come to blows! I was there 10 minutes before it opened and because of cutters it took me 35 minutes after it opened to even place my order. There is just no accountability for doing the right thing anymore. The food was so good that I will go back, however next time I will get there 30 minutes before it opens, and just start inviting random people who just showed up to cut in front of you.
4	We showed up on a Saturday around lunch time. I was surprised it was still open for the day. Bonus! We were expecting it to be closed. The line wasn't super long but it was hot and muggy out. A very nice older gentleman was milling around though, offering water and lighthearted conversation while we waited under the Easy-Up with misters installed. All in all it took us about 20 minutes to get into the building. They really do their best to make your wait as comfortable as possible. Thank you LMB!We finally made it indoors (thank god) to find a small counter and small eating area. Another gentleman who I assume is the owner was at the helm offering up samples and suggestions. We ordered the brisket and pulled pork, cheese grits, beans, and potato salad. Oink! Gladly paid with a debit card as a lot of mom/pop places only seem to take cash. Nice surprise. Made our way to an indoor table and chowed down. The brisket was really good. I'm sad though that 1/3 of my portion was mostly fat. I know a lot of meat fans are into that but it creeps me out. So I usually cut it off and hand it over to the BF. This stuff was so tender I literally had to use a spoon to eat it. I couldn't keep it on my fork! The pulled pork was very delicious. Not much flavor, but subtle. Not a dry piece of meat on our plate (we shared). Their sauces are the best I've tasted, I tried all three that were on the table. Grits were great, beans undercooked for my liking but great flavor, and the potato salad was my favorite. This isn't a place I'd frequent in the summer months. By the time we got to our table I was a sweaty miserable mess. Indoors is only slightly cooler than outside. The tables and sauce bottles were filthy and everything felt grease covered. I've never ate anywhere that made me immediately want to go home and shower before I continued with the rest of my day. I think the temperature is something I personally have an issue with, I don't blame LMB. So really, the only complaints would be that things need to be wiped down more often. The sauce bottles were just caked in half dried/half sticky sauce. It was gross. Also I feel it's a little overpriced for the portion but not so much that I wouldn't return. Just not as often as I'd prefer. A solid BBQ place with really great people working it.
5	Came back today and ordered a few things.  I got here at 10:30 and was still about 15th in line.  I got my food and was eating by 11:20 though.  I ordered a 1/2lb of fatty brisket, a 1/4 lb of turkey and a sausage link.  All of this came out to a little over $20.00.The sausage was the best part of the meal today.  I will always get a link whenever I come here.  The brisket today was just a tad off. It had a little weird aftertaste to it that I did not encounter last time.   Still very good and better than anywhere else around, but it wasn't as good/tasty as the first time I came here.  I think it could have been cooked/smoked just a little longer.  The bark was not as prevalent  and the fat in the brisket did not render down completely.  I had more than a few bites of gelatinous fat where as the last time I came here, it was PERFECT!  Hopefully it was just a one off.  I will try, try try again lol.   I also ordered and tried out their turkey for the first time.  It was great!  It was moist, smoked properly and sliced perfectly.  I would definitely get it again.  The only thing I haven't tried out is the pulled pork.  I will try that out next time I come.   Service was friendly as always.  No complaints there.  I just hope the fatty brisket comes out a smidge better next time.
5	BBQ is my favorite type of food so I've tried nearly every notable BBQ joint in town, Lil miss definitely takes the crown of best BBQ in the Phx MSA!!!
5	Best BBQ in town. The Brisket is mouthwatering and melts in your mouth. Can't say enough. You will not be disappointed. Be prepared for long lines and usually a 25-30 minute wait but it's all worth it.
5	Excellent food! Better than any BBQ I tried in California
5	Talk about DELICIOUS! The brisket here is to dead for! Trust me when I say this the line is definitely worth the wait! The staff is super friendly, a very down to earth feel. The cute and courteous ol man delegating the parking situation is so sweet offering us water while we waited in the car. Well deserved 5star!
5	Best BBQ in Phoenix no joke.... Waited 20 minutes in line  and the owners are super nice.... We got the brisket, pulled pork and sausge AMAZING THATS ALL I CAN SAY...Im comin back to try the ribs next time since they ran out....
5	Yes!  Yes!  Yes!   I gave them 5 stars!  That rarely happens!Ok, here is the scoop ---Other reviewers might complain about the wait -  I got there at 10:45a and was 10th in line.  They opened promptly at 11a.  I ordered my food at 11:10am.  This is consistent with the 1 to 1-1.5 minute weight per person.  It was 104 and sunny today and I am sooooo happy that I waited. I had a 2 meat platter with brisket and ribs.  I selected grits and slaw for my sides.  --- DELISH!I also tried the sausage and shredded pork.  Both outstanding!To top it all of I tried the pecan pie.  Fantastic!!!!Worth the wait!!!!!
5	Well, someone better go pull the car 'round, my knees have buckled. Too much flavor. Make sure you sit down when you try this. I don't even think I have had true BBQ until today. My life has been a lie. My friend J and I must have gotten there just in time (around 10:40 on Saturday) because there was a good sized line already and it kept growing and growing. We walked right up to what we thought was the back of the line and were questioned by a couple guys if this was our first time while everyone else just stared. Turns out that was the front of the line... To the back we go! Note: the line starts by all of the outdoor seating (southside). Anyway, we waited for what seemed to be about 40 minutes with our hunger growing exponentially by the minute. We finally found ourselves standing outside of that little plastic curtain that separates the desperate from the confident. We could finally see meat. Hell we have been smelling delicious smoked goodness for the past 40 min, WE COULD FINALLY SEE THE MEAT! The line moved forward and we were finally in. We made it. The owner was behind the counter cutting meat like a mad man with surgical precision. You are not paying for fat and other shit. You pay for the real thing here. So much meat. So much variety. Although the owner was busy trimming away, he had plenty of time to entertain and jest with the customers. He had this almost sarcastic sense of humor about him that kept things lively in there. It was cool to see someone that involved in their passion and business. Waiting in line can make people grumpy, that is why the owner likes to hand out samples! What the hell is this "fatty brisket" that I keep hearing about? Boom. Here is my opportunity. This is it. Here we go. ***Please excuse me while I have the first BBQ induced seizure ever recorded*** There was no sauce. It didn't need sauce. What the hell kind of BBQ doesn't need sauce!? Why did it just melt like that? I hardly even had to chew it. What the fuck is going on?! That was easily one of the top 10 things I have ever put in my mouth. I don't think this is BBQ, people. This is something else. Either every "BBQ" meal I have ever had has been completely wrong, or this place is just selling something superior and calling it "BBQ". Either way this place is way out of the league. It is not fair for other BBQ places. It is the equivalent of a teenager beating up a five year old. But hey, I'm not complaining!I digress though, I ended up getting the pulled pork sandwich and have no regrets. I will be back. I will get more. This place is clean, well-run, and the BBQ is dripping with passion and love. Come see for yourself.Note: The shade can be spotty at times so be sure to wear sunscreen or bring an umbrella if you are sensitive to the sun. Camping chairs are great to have too if it is before 11.
5	This is the place to go to satisfy your BBQ needs. Everything is spot on and delicious. Get here early or count on not having everything you want
5	This place was awesome!  Have seen raves about it on Yelp for awhile now and had to try it out.  Had the brisket sandwich with the house sauce on top, perfect for a 2:30pm on a Friday.  Recommend getting there early as I heard someone say the place opens at 11am and line starts at 10.
5	I guess if Jesus ate Brisket he might eat it here.We arrived at 10:50am that's 10 minutes before they opened and the lot was packed I thought we'd have to leave but they have someone directing traffic and told us were we could park. We decided we'd wait in the long line that wrapped around the outside and behind the small area of out door picnic tables. During out wait in line people were passing out bottles of water so you didn't pass out in the heat. A woman in line in front of us kept raving about the pecan pie from 20 some minutes straight so I thought I had to try it too. We waited ABOUT AN HOUR till we were in the door to order. We finally get in the door to order. The meat is hand cut to order and the person doing it is fast, friendly and efficient and also gives out samples to people who aren't sure on what they are ordering. Between my plate and my husbands plate we had the Moist Brisket (they also have lean) Turkey Breast, Pulled Pork, House Made Sausage and all four sides Meaty Beans (from all the meat scraps, Cheesy Grits, Potato Salad and Cole Slaw.All the meats were very good but on the day we were here the Moist Brisket really stood out above the rest. It was so succulent with just the right amounts of careful smoking and spice. The ends of the pieces were a little too fatty for me but my husband likes them that way so it worked out for sharing. For me some things were less than stellar such as the slightly dry and bland potato salad and the too sweet and too gooey pecan pie but I don't think I need to remove them a whole star when the meats and hospitality was so high.Really a 4.5 mostly because of casual and limited table option atmosphere, and the long wait in line. It's sort of like being at the Pizzeria Bianco of BBQ and you just have to wait....4.5 Stars
5	This place is the real deal for BBQ!My buddy and I headed down there last week on a Thursday for lunch.  Fortunately we were in line by 10:45 and only had about 10 people ahead of us.  Cars streamed into the parking lot soon afterwards and the line became pretty long.We decided to try as many different things as possible and share or orders.  The lean brisket, fatty brisket, pulled pork and sausage were all amazing.  Even though the meat was so good and didn't need any sauce their house sauce was delicious and I put a little bit on each bite.The side dishes were just OK.  Grits, beans, cole slaw and potato salad and a few slices of white bread rounded out the meal.The owner and other employyees were very friendly and I'll definitely come back another time.
5	Gotta love places that are just good. Just plain good. No pretentious prattling or deconstruction crap.  This is definitely one of those places.  You just know it's different when the smoker is outside next to the parking with covered picnic tables and water misters going.  Walk in the nondescript door and I'm greeted by the meat carver and served the best bbq dish in ages.  Read all the other reviews for the food.  They are spot on but the service blew me away.
5	Insert every cliche to describe how amazing the BBQ is here. No matter the line, wait. It'll be worth it!
5	I have eaten BBQ all over the states and I can truly die a happy man that I have finally had the best BBQ in the world. I feel like I have somehow cheated on my Kansas city people and roots but OMG this was just a delight and even though I waited an hour in line it was worth every minute. Wow
5	I love barbecue.OK, let me restate that.I love this barbecue, because this is what barbecue should be.  When I was a kid, we would go visit my grandparents in Alabama, and one night, they would get what they called "barbecue" (say it with a think southern accent to get the real feeling of the story) which consisted of a huge helping of pulled pork, hamburger buns and hot sauce.  It wasn't until today that I experienced anything close to that childhood food heaven.All other barbecue restaurants should require their entire staff to take a field trip to this place so they can see how it's done.  Seriously.The setup is pretty crazy.  Sort of like the Soup Nazi or Artichokes in Manhattan.  My friend was ready to bail when he saw the line in front.  But I knew it would be worth it.  176 reviews on yelp and 5 stars?  Come on...And we waited quite a while, as you probably will too, but trust me it's worth it.We were given samples of the sausage by the owner, which were excellent.We both ordered the two meat plates with pulled pork and brisket.  Apparently, they also have beef short ribs on Fridays, but by 12:30 they were sold out (I'm planning to arrive earlier next time aka next week).For sides, I got cole slaw and potato salad, and both were excellent.  They had 3 sauces on each table, each more delicious than the next.Not only is this the best barbecue restaurant in Phoenix, it is one of the best barbecue restaurants I have been to in my life.  When I left I promised them that they would have a new regular - and I plan to keep that promise.
5	Outstanding! Tried everything but the beef short ribs-the brisket does melt in your mouth! The sausage is wonderfully spiced and not at all heavy in texture. Absolutely incredible-worth the wait. The staff is very nice too and it's very cool to see you meats get cut right in front of you. Wish they had a recycle bin. ;) a must try!!!
5	Woo hoo is right!  We were finally able to check this place out on our lunch break after a few failed attempts.  Our wait was roughly 20 minutes which wasn't bad considering the number of people that were lined up when we left.  We had a warm greeting by the guys and were offered a mind blowing sample of the brisket and sausage.  SOLD!  My mind was made up with my order, brisket and sausage with a side of the jalapeno grits and beans.  Good-bye low carb days and hellllllo flavorful lunch.  Worth every bite.  Cute, clean and comfortable little joint with Johnny Cash blasting out of the speakers and a few tasty sauce options on the table.  Staff was friendly and engaging, customer service sure does make the food taste better.  I just had to get some pecan pie to go so I'm anxious to try it after my stomach makes some room.  Highly recommend going here when you do... or don't have the time. Will Anthony Bourdain or Guy Fieri make it here first?
5	This place is incredible and lives up to the hype. We went over the weekend at 2PM and we only had to wait about 15 minutes. The guy behind the counter chats it up with everyone and that's part of the reason there is a wait. They're efficient the the meat is amazing and he was handing out samples. We got a big side of potato salad, a small side of coleslaw, 2 cokes, one enormous piece of brisket that my gf couldn't finish and I got pulled pork and it came out to $50. I didn't eat again until like 9PM. The price may shock you, but for the amount of food it's worth it. Definitely the best BBQ around.
4	I got really hungry when I take all the awesome reviews here about "BBQ"! So I set a date and came here with my friends here to taste the goodness of the smoked meat. And no doubt, brisket sandwich and Pastrami Brisket Grits are all good! I can't wait for the next visit so I can eat all in the menu list.
4	DELISH. If you want real, quality BBQ this is your place. The only reason why I do not rate this a 5 Star is because of the inventory available. I arrived 30 minutes after they opened, waited in line for 30 minutes, and when it was my time to order no pork ribs left. {stab to my heart} I will say the owner was very kind about it and gave me some other items for free ... But still didn't taste the pork ribs. I ordered small tastes of everything else, literally everything else. And it was all wonderful. Everything else about this restaurant is true and authentic. Real BBQ not drowning in sauce, you can do that on your own with sauce options. Potato salad was great. One of the owners stands outside, directs traffic, greets people, offers free bottled water. If I had to venture a guess, this business didn't think they would grow this quickly.  I am confident they are here to stay in the Phoenix area and will do what it takes to expand appropriately.
5	Can not rave enough about the good BBQ here.
5	This is the best BBQ I've had in my whole life. It's absolutely amazing. The brisket is so ridic
5	This food is better than sex. Even further astounding than the product is the customer service (Even though it's an extraordinarily overrated aspect and I'd gladly supply a five star ranking if they just shipped out the food without any emotion). This will be the new barometer I gauge all other establishments off of
5	Sometimes you just get plain lucky and stumble into a place that's damn good and only once your there do you look at there yelp rating and realize that the food gods led you there with divine guidance.  This place isn't fancy, but it's got a 5 star rating and pushing 200 reviews for a reason. It's only a matter of time before I turn on some food TV show and see them being featured.  Yeah, it's that good. Then I won't be able to get near the place.  For now I could almost miss the joint when driving by but don't, just don't.  The staff was fun and friendly and genuinely cared about our experience.  Yeah, like that's not refreshing.  So get in there.  Eat up. Enjoy!!!
5	I feel like most of this has been said before...but there is nothing like watching a friend try the brisket from Little Miss BBQ the first time. Meat butter.I ordered a 5lb brisket and 5lb pork shoulder for a birthday party. When I showed up at Little Miss, they sliced it fresh for me, had all of the fixings boxed up and ready and of course gave me a couple sample tastes. On my walk out the owner gave me a tour of the smoker and a couple or serving tips. Fortunately I ate a slice as I set up for the party because that was the last I saw of the brisket that night. I saw a friend going for his third trip through and asked if his wife had one plate yet...his response, "this is too good to share." The food stands up on it's own but the overall vibe of the place and the owner's attention to detail (and customer service) could make you overlook a 4.5 star meal, but after a couple of visits there, I'm not sure they are even capable of putting out anything below five starts.
5	Amazing brisket! Best in phoenix, seriously in a league of their own. I had half lean and half fatty brisket, both were melt in your mouth delicious but the fatty had more flavor. The jalapeno grits and pecan pie are a must as well. Some of the meats are only available on certain days like the beef ribs and pastrami, check their website. During lunch hour they are packed, expect to wait 20 minutes but if you show up at 2pm it should be a lot quicker, either way it's worth it. Another option is to pre-order for pickup between 10:15am and 10:45am but i think there is a minimum of 5lbs and need to order 48hrs in advance; great way to cater your next family or work get together :)Tuesday - Saturday 11:00 am - 4:00 pm or until sold outhttp://www.littlemissbbq.com/
5	I literally can't even with this place.  There are no words to describe how incredible the food is here.  I won't recommend anything because it's not fair to even think about discrediting anything on the menu.  If you aren't religious and don't believe in a higher being, then come here and experience the closest place to heaven on earth you'll ever be.
5	Yes, the hype is true. Best bbq that I have had.  Brisket is amazing and melts in your mouth.  Pork ribs were juicy and full of meat.  The sides were jalapeno grits and baked beans.  They were both up to snuff as well.Get there as soon as you can but be ready for a wait.  It is worth it though.
5	Amazing! This is the best bbq I have ever had. If you are a foody or a bbq lover you have to check out this spot. You need to come early because it is a small establishments that fills up fast. But totally worth the wait. Different days have an added special so check put their page to se what day they ate cooking your favorite.
5	Get there early because when they run out they are done for the day.  Brisket was good as well as the turkey.  Real Texas style BBQ.  Sauces on the table are good but not really needed.  Sides were plentiful. We probably had a 25 minute wait on Saturday which wasnt too bad.
5	this place is amazing, the only place i'd compare to franklin bbq. if you looked at  plates of brisket/ribs/sausage from both places, it'd be tough to tell them apart. there's definitely a bit aaron franklin's influence going on around here. the meats are all seasoned with the same central texas style, smoked with oak (pretty sure), and sliced to order at the counter by the pit master himself; both places even use the same glass bbq sauce bottles with the black screw on caps. i came in around 2 PM on a friday hoping to avoid the lines, but by the time i got there with my friend they were just about to run out of brisket. we ordered the two meat plate with brisket and pulled pork, and were given the smaller parts of the brisket that normally aren't desirable because they were too small after the rest of the cut was served. the pit master/owner offered us samples of it before serving it to us, and it was still amazing so we were fine with it. both meats were cooked perfectly and my side of baked beans was delicious. i usually don't care for the sweetness of baked beans, but the beans here have some kind of tanginess that compliments everything else really well, and they also have shredded brisket in them. best bbq place in phoenix by far.oh yea, and we saw carson palmer and drew stanton there =)
5	Alright Phoenix, waiting in line for an hour, an hour and a half and then getting to the front and getting the bad news of them running out is NOT uncommon at a great BBQ joint. I've waited in long lines in Texas for great bbq, Little Miss bbq is well worth the wait! I had the brisket, sausage and a few ribs on the side. Brisket had perfect bark, sausage was spicy. The ribs were very good but needed a bit more smoke put to them. Over all, it's about time Phoenix got it self a great bbq joint and Little Miss bbq is that place. See ya in line!
5	The jalapeno grits are fantastic, and the ribs (since they had already run out of brisket) were so tender and  delicious. I don't even care for bbq that much and I'll go out of my way to come back.
4	Hmm, lil miss virgin & just not seeing the hype. VERY good, but not all excited like most reviews.  Disclaimer, was late saturday, so maybe it wasn't 1000% like normal.  Of course out of both ribs that I was anxious to try, but no worry.  Got a sample of turkey, was AMAZING, ended up getting a lil bit.  Now... the brisket.  Was ok... didn't wet my pants or anything else like most people gush on here.  Maybe my expectations were super high from all the reviews, but didn't taste the hype.  Don't get me wrong, it was VERY good, but I put it in par with Rudy's (which I think is good).  Now... I had a dry part of the brisket & I prefer a lil fat/juice/flavor, so maybe that's where I'm not seeing it.  Not a bbq crazy, just love good smoke.  Would definitely return, but sorry, wouldn't wait an hour or two in august!
5	I have had bbq from a number of the best places in Texas. Little Miss makes brisket as good as the best.  Order the fatty brisket- well worth the extra calories.  We also enjoyed the sausages, pork ribs, and grits. The place has the Franklin feel as people line up before the open.
5	I ate everything on the menus and the one I love the most is the fat brisket the best I have eaten in phoenix ..
5	As I write this review, I am eating a leftover beef short rib that I purchased last Friday (4 days ago). It is still tender, juicy, and delicious. This is the best barbecue that I've ever had in my life and I eat barbecue. My family owns a barbecue restaurant in East Texas so I grew up on barbecue to say the least. Until I came to Little Miss Barbecue, my favorite all-time brisket was Franklin's in Austin, TX. Little Miss Barbecue has changed my life.
4	I love barbecue and probably prefer Texas style over all the others (if I had to pick).  I finally got here to try what everyobne had been talking about.  Its good.  Really good.  But I didn't like it enough to wait an hour and twenty minutes for it again.  The Fatty Brisket has just the right amount of smoke on it and it melts in your mouth.  The lean brisket was too dry for my liking.  The sausage was great - house made, nice balance of spice and smoke.  The St. Louis Ribs also a winner.  I had potato salad and slaw as sides.  Didn't really blow my mind at all...could do without them in the future.  Next time, I think the fatty brisket sandwich will be the way to go....as long as I don't have to wait.
5	No need for a long review.  Best BBQ Phoenix has or will ever see.  Hell, best BBQ I have ever had and I've had it in Memphis, Texas, KC, etc.  Ribs and outstanding but if you have to have one thing, go for the brisket as it will change your life!
5	Waited like 2 hours in line.That's a first, I never wait in any lines.They gave bottles of water and everyone was really nice.The beef brisket was amazing!!!I'mReally full, and really tired.  How many calories are burned standing for 2 hours (2,000-3,000?)?Either way, the food is delicious but I'll have get here at like 10:30 am to avoid a ridiculous wait.  The DMV is faster.....I think with the quick rise of their success, they will have to hire more counter help, speed the line up a bit.  Hand out more samples to people waiting 2 hours, I was ready to eat the person's hand in front of me by the time I finally go to the counter.Yeah, they have the Matt's Big Breakfast Syndrome, they def. going to have to relocate to a bigger place sooner than later.....***Update: 2 days later***Forgot to mention, I bought a pound of brisket when I was there and warmed it up for dinner.  SOOOOOOOOOOO damn good.  New strategies to be employed to never, ever wait that long again.
5	The wait sucked, and I left my wife and uncle in line and went to Jack in the Box down the street. I brought back a burger to eat while we waited on the slowest moving line ever. Once we finally got to the front of the line, the hospitality and service was excellent. They hand cut fresh every serving of brisket, ribs, etc. The food was fantastic. We had pork ribs, brisket, turkey, sausage and the beans as a side dish. Everything was great except the wait. I definitely want the food again, but I think I'll just get there around 2:00pm and eat whatever's left.
5	Been going to LMBBQ for a few months now, and from now on this is my only BBQ stop, I won't go anywhere else in Arizona. Hands down the best TX style BBQ outside of Texas. And yes I've been to Franklins, LA Barbeque, Louie Mueller's, Luling City Market, Black's, Killen's, Corkscrew, etc, etc. So take it from me that LMBBQ is just about as good as any of those, and in some ways even better, no kidding! So if you haven't been there yet then you've just got to try it, it's the real deal Texas BBQ experience!First of all their meat quality & sides are of very high quality, ***MUCH*** better than either Rudy's or the Texas BBQ House. (And I don't even bother with those places anymore, I'm totally spoiled by LMBBQ).Brisket - A+ brisket, whether lean or moist it's tender, juicy and like eating a slice of warm chocolate cake.Turkey - A+ excellent, moist turkey, worth skipping Thanksgiving dinner for, sorry grandma!Pulled Pork - A+ excellent porky flavor, no sauce added but still moist, not too fatty, not too salty and often has little bits of delicious bark mixed in.Pork Ribs - Very meaty & tender with very little fat. That's how you know a true pit master knows his trade when the fat melts into the meat and in turn the meat melts in your mouth.Beef Rib (Saturday's Only) Very good and worth the extravagant price once in a while! Very beefy flavor, lot's of peppery bark and not too greasy.Sausage - Very good, not at all greasy, not too garlicky and made with a medium-coarse grind, nice.Beans A+ They're a meal in itself with almost more meat than beans, no kidding. A little on the peppery side, though that suits me just fine. However a bit of there good BBQ sauce can be added in to sweeten them up. Either way very good.Coleslaw - Homemade goodness, fresh made and not too dressed, just right.Grits - Excellent, sublime even. Very creamy with just the right hint of cheddar cheese flavor.Sauces - Homemade, 3 choices, all of them interesting, especially the sweet & tangy mustard version is great on the pulled pork and definitely on the Thursday only pastrami. As far as the smokey flavor of the meat is concerned, it's on the light side. Personally the smokier the better for me, but hey this is Arizona, not Texas and I doubt that the average desert dweller would enjoy overly smoked meat. So it is what it is but still dynamite.You will have to stand in line for lunch, no way around it, though at least they have some shade to stand under and a mister system that really helps. And the inside is tiny with the few tables filling up quick, so it's either take-out or eat under the shade of their picnic tables. However it's worth a taking a chance waiting until after 1:00, usually the lines are gone and they still have many of their menu items available.And it's a family operation and you will get to meet them all. Super nice people and I'm sure that eventually they'll grow into a larger establishment. Until then I'll see you in line!
5	Get here early as they do sell out and there will be a line. With that out of the way, this is hands down the best BBQ in the valley. Moist smoked brisket is exceptional, and the love and dedication to their craft shows through with each cut of meat. This is destined to become a valley legend, and its accolades are well deserved.
5	Found this place on Yelp while in Phoenix on business, decided to give it a try for lunch. I was,at least initially, a little put off by the REALLY long line. I'm NOT a guy that waits at restaurants. If I can't get in right away, I'll come back some other time. When I'm hungry, I'm hungry NOW, and if I have to wait, I just get hungrier and increasingly grumpy. I'm just weird like that. But, for whatever reason, my coworker and I said what the heck, we're here, let's check it out and see what all the fuss is about. I mean, with a line that long, there's got to be something pretty good going on in there, right?So we get in the line, which is probably 40 or 50 people deep. Luckily, the line is under a covered patio area, complete with misting devices to relieve the heat, and they're playing some old school country-- lots of Waylon and Willie and the like. This is a huge plus for me. When my dad and I would go fishing when I was a kid, back in the 70's, he only had 3 eight-track tapes in his car, and they were Waylon, Willie, and Kristofferson. It was a long drive, so I'd learned all those songs by heart before I was nine years old.  But I digress.So the line moves VERY SLOWLY, which is normally something that would tick me off and I'd leave after about 5 minutes. But for some reason, maybe the smell, we stayed. For over an hour. And I wasn't even pissed, which is really, really weird. At some point, you cross a line where it's like "we've been here THIS long, we may as well wait it out or it was all for nothing." So we stayed, and stayed, and stayed. The good tunes continued, and a nice lady, who was the owner's sister I think, came around and passed out complimentary bottles of water, which was nice. And then...disaster struck.After an hour in line, the owner comes out and says they're fresh out of brisket (the signature dish) and ribs, but there will still be pulled pork, sausage, and turkey.Dude.  Now I'm getting pissed.  But we stay, because we'd already been there for so long. And I can't get THAT pissed, because honestly, if this guy's business is doing so well that people stand in line for hours at lunchtime and he sells out of his wares, then God bless him, that's truly frickin' awesome. Finally, we make it in the door. It's not impressive at all in there, which is part of its charm. It's small. There's a counter where you order, and 4, maybe 5, small tables, pretty close together. And of course they're full. Your best bet here is get your food to go, or go sit outside on the patio,where there are some picnic tables. Your odds of getting a table inside during lunch are pretty long, so don't go there with that in mind. Consider it a fortuitous turn of events if it happens.We got turkey, sausage, and pulled pork, plus the cheese grits and the beans as sides. And even though they weren't the signature dish, they were amazing. Seriously. Listen, I'm a fat dude from the south that travels extensively for a living, and loves to stuff my face, and I've had BBQ in every small town in Texas, and all over Louisiana, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, and the Carolinas (not crazy about the Carolina BBQ, but that's just me). This was top notch BBQ, folks.So we resolved to go back the next day, a lot earlier, so we could get the brisket. And we did. We got there at 10:30am. The place opens at 11.  There was already a line when we got there, and we waited for over an hour AGAIN. Seriously. But I was on a mission. I was getting some damn brisket, one way or another. And I did.Best. Brisket. EVER.  Seriously.  Every bit as good as anything you'll get at any BBQ competition in Texas.  And, it turns out, that's because the owner used to do BBQ competitions in Texas. And win them.  Now it's all making sense! Dude... are you still reading this? I mean, it's really, really, long. Anyway, the brisket melts in your mouth, and it's incredibly flavorful. You have to have some.  Really.  You must. So here's what you need to know:  They open at 11, and they sell until they sell out. If you want the brisket (and you do, trust me), you get there by 10:30 or 10:45, or they'll sell out before you get to the front of the line. You're going to wait a LONG time. Be ready for that, there's no way around it. You're going to want to get it to go, or sit outside at the picnic tables under the patio, because there are 4 or 5 small tables inside and a bazillion people there, so you do the math. We ate outside. It's kinda fun because the picnic tables are by the people in line, and they're all drooling over your food, and you can tell them how amazing it is, maybe even make a lot of exaggerated yummy sounds and BBQ ecstasy faces, just to irk them a little bit more. If, you know, you're that kind of person, and I'm not suggesting that you are.  I mean, you might be. Not that there's anything wrong with that.So anyway, that's the review. Go there. Eat the brisket. It rocks.
4	The wait is 1 hour at least (they distribute water in the line) but the meat is worth it even though eaten with plasticware. The place is also small but there are tables outside
5	Great food! This is the best BBQ place in the valley. It's incredible, and worth the 1.5 hour wait!
3	What is hear is the place is amazing . But every time I go the line is over an hour long. I hear they cater so next time we have a company party we cave a company party we will look them up
5	This place IS THE REAL DEAL.  Many bbq places come and go, many try to "wow" you with fancy tables or crazy drinks... LITTLE MISS BBQ will wow you with their bbq.  They don't have a massive location, but the food, the food is amazing!  The food will have you high-fiving your friends and giving yourself a pat on the back for going to such a stellar place.This place has an incredible following, similar to an iPhone release, this happens daily.  Foodies wait in massive lines for the chance before they sell out!  Yes, I said it. Be prepared to wait but rest assured, this journey is worth the drive.
5	Easily one of the best, if not the best BBQ I've ever had the pleasure of eating. My wife and I had a pound of the fatty brisket and some of the pork ribs. Both were excellent. The sides were decent, but the BBQ meat more than made up for the sides not being excellent as well. The only caveat is that you probably need to invest around 1 hour in line before you can even get in the door and order.
2	After waiting in line for an hour on Wednesday at 11 a.m., I finally ate the brisket, pork ribs, and beans. The beans were great! The brisket was full of fat and tough to eat, even with the so-so bbq sauce.  Ribs were the same. How disappointing and a waste of $15.00!  Why do people think this is the best BBQ?  If there wasn't such a long wait, I'd come back for the beans only. BTW, it was nice to get a free bottled water while I waited in line. Friendly staff.
4	This was my first visit to Little Miss BBQ... and certainly NOT my last. I arrived 45 minutes before closing time, and the food was fresh and fantastic!!! I had a combo plate with ribs, brisket, beans, and potato salad. Loved it!!! The meat was of excellent quality and cooked to perfection. Hats off to the owners. An acquaintance told me about Little Miss BBQ, and I decided to stop by on a whim. I'm so glad I did.The staff was friendly, accommodating, fun, and personable. If you're looking for some good "Q".... I recommend Little Miss BBQ. Don't let the modest location and zip code deter you, the establishment is nice.
5	Now this is real barbecue!! Companion and I arrived at 10:30 and got into the line that had already formed. At 11:30 we made our way to the counter. It was well worth the wait.While in line we got to smell the wonderful smell of real Texas style barbecue, and the rumbling of our stomachs told us in advance that it was going to be good. Two huge smokers were busy smoking our lunch meats.You can order a sandwich or you can order by the fraction of a pound. We chose to order by the fraction of a pound, and the cutter brought out a tray with a piece of butcher paper on it. This is the same way you will get your cue in Texas. First up was some fatty brisket. It looked wonderful. Because this was a Thursday, they also had Pastrami available. Some sausage and some turkey as well as 2 ribs also found its way onto my tray. For sides I had the cole slaw and the beans. Each item is weighed as it is put onto your tray and you pay the per pound price for each cut. White bread is available as are assorted condiments and pickles.We found a free table and proceeded to feast. The brisket was beautifully tender with a nice smoke ring and good flavor from the rub. I probably should have stopped there, but next up was the pastrami. I should mention that I love pastrami and haven't had really good stuff since my last visit to New York. My craving has now been satisfied. Wonderfully tender and flavorful pastrami. Next was some turkey. I don't know how they accomplished it, but the breast meat was juicy and tender as well as full flavored. Next came the sausage. It was a bit spicy, but had lots of juice coming out of it. Last of the meats was the ribs. This for me was my only disappointment because the meat was about falling off the bones. I prefer my ribs to have a bit of tooth to them so that there is something to chew one. The cole slaw as about average, but the beans were dynamite! Probably the very best beans I have ever eaten in my life. They were flavored with big hunks of yesterdays brisket. Companions only complaint was that I never shared any of the beans  or even came up for air.While they serve all types of drinks, I opted for a bottle of ice cold water which went perfectly with the food. For those who are not purists, home made sauces were available on the table, but I must confess that I didn't even bother to taste them because the cue was so good.Good cue is made from fine meat, and is not cheap. You should expect to pay at least $15 per person for your food, and for a big tray like I had expect to pay around $35, but it is well worth it and can be shared between 2 people.Perhaps the only drawback is that the place is so small, but I understand they will be looking for a second location soon. Parking can be a little rough, but with a member of the family directing traffic I was amazed how many cars they managed to park. It doesn't get any better than this. 5 stars
5	Food was great. The family running it is incredibly welcoming. Nice music. Thanks for putting up the tents and misters for us waiting in the line outside. The owner and chief is very picky about what he serves you. His sister says they feel it has to be just right, every serving, every time.
4	Been there many times and have not been disappointed by the BBQ. Only been open for a short time but has won many awards and "best of" contests. Travel Channel has already spotlighted them! Be prepared to wait in line. The quickest I have made it through getting my food is about 40 minutes. Despite the wait, it is still a 5 star join.
5	At the risk of sounding redundant w most of the reviews for little miss, it is amazing.  The side dishes are often overlooked in BBQ restaurants, however, not here.  The beans have so much pulled pork in them it's crazy. So delicious. The fatty brisket is certainly the star, but the lean is worth the wait if you get there too late. This past visit, I tried the turkey too- it was moist, flavorful and perfect.  I will be ordering one for Christmas. A little known secret about little miss, you can call in and order to go, a day ahead and skip the line. One small catch - 5lb min.
5	WORTH THE WAIT: Perhaps the sense of growing impatience while waiting in line with your mouth watering makes the meat at Lil' Miss  all the more delectable. If you're expecting a pristine white table cloth experience, you're at the wrong joint. Follow the wafting, smoky cloud of heavy salt and pepper to the counter and order your pound of pleasure: a black-rub-coated silky and tender brisket that will outrank any other you've tried in the Phoenix area. Plan to buy this when you're impressing friends from out of town, or in charge of bringing the beef to a get-together with friends and family. This is not just food. It's an experience.
5	I've been to all the bbq joints in the valley, and do a ton of bbq smoking on my own.  This is hands down the best.  ENJOY!
5	Phoenix now takes the crown for best BBQ in the land.  Texas, Carolinas, Alabama and anywhere else that prides themselves on good BBQ needs to take note.Don't let the location or appearance fool you.  Awesome and I will be back next time I am on town!
5	35 min early, 8th person in line! Everyone brought there Starbucks today. Bring a friend to talk to while you wait, or look like a phone creep! Like me! Looks like the crowd really shows up at 10:45, so get here atleast 30 minutes early to get a good spot in line and a parking spot in the lot. Never been here, but anxiously waiting to pound down some brisket. Tuesday is supposedly the lightest day for them, so come on Tuesdays!
5	You've read the reviews, so now you ask yourself if it's worth checking this place out. If you like BBQ, I would highly recommend that you do. I've never had brisket or pastrami this moist and flavorful anywhere else in my life. I have only come one time, but we arrived at 10:30, and the parking lot filled up shortly after that. The owner's father does a great job serving as ambassador for the restaurant. He will direct you to parking spots, offer you cold water, and make you feel like a valued customer. On our visit, we did indeed have to wait an hour in line to get our food (see prior comment that we arrived at 10:30) but the food was worth the wait. There is a small amount of indoor seating, and a couple of picnic benches outside. You will notice however, that perhaps the reason for the long wait in line is because tons of people appear to be the errand mule for their office staffs. These workers (who apparently drew the short straw) wait in line, then order several pounds of meat to take back to work. It really slows the line down, so it would be great if the restaurant could ever create a separate line for those who want to get their food to go. As I sat in the dining area eating my sublime BBQ and listening to Johnny Cash sing "Personal Jesus" (by Depeche Mode) I knew I had crossed over into an alternate universe. Try it out! I think you'll love it here.
5	How do I describe the experience at  Little Miss BBQ to everyone I come in contact with?  It's like waiting in line for the best ride at an amusement park, and once you step through the door your feet away from the ride, the smell and excitement is immense, and you've already forgotten about the wait, Scott mercifully give tasty bites of heaven to those waiting to order, then you get to order get your sides and checkout. If this is your first time you're probably limited to just sounds and utterances of joy with a big grin on your face. By the time your all done you'd happily do it over and over again.  It's breath takingly  good!!
5	There are few truly 5 star places but I'll just reiterate what everyone has said. Tasty stuff with incredibly nice people. Multiple people asked if it was my first time, how my meal was and if there's anything they could do.Do yourself a favor and go with someone else and order two plates with two meats. Try all four sides and all the meats. Brisket is certainly the highlight but the pulled pork is excellent and the turkey is very tender yet still very moist. Grits are great as are the beans. Potato salad and slaw are standard and could use a little tweaking to be great but are certainly a refreshing break from the rest of the food. All and all, some of the best BBQ I've had (I've done Texas, Memphis...though not the famed Oklahoma Joes). Enjoy!
5	Meat Coma... Amazing meat comas... Beef ribs are expensive but a must-have at least once, fatty brisket is jaw dropping and sausage is moist and full of flavor. Stop reading and go (arrive before 11-noon!)
5	Most fantastic BBQ I have ever had! The fatty beef brisket is melt in your mouth perfect.  We showed up at 11:30 ( they open at 11am) and we waited for over an hour to place our order, but it was worth every minute in line! The pulled pork is also perfection and the sausage was amazing! The beans and potato salad left something to be desired but were delicious all the same! It was a little pricy but again worth it! I ordered a pound of brisket and a pound of pulled pork to take home it was so good.  Be sure that you show up early as they run out of food frequently and you may miss out on the good stuff! The whole thing is more of an experience than just a meal
4	This is the best BBQ I have ever had. If you think that you've had better I challenge you to give it a try! Also I have to say that the service is amazing? The folks that run it understand its all about repeat business and word of mouth. I bring new people there every chance I get. Go early because they do run out!
5	Amazing. Waited awhile but free water provided and worth the wait. Come early if you want good selection...they ran out of beef ribs on the guy in front of me. Heartbreaking. Didn't care for cheese grits but all else was incredible. The sauce was the best I've had ever.
5	This place is so yummy!!! But make sure you allow time, becasue everyone else likes it too and the line gets long.
5	What isn't good about this place? Here is a list of the best they have to offer:1. Family style service. Everyone there is somehow connected to the other, the family is invested to be part of this business! The FIL even took time to show us around the place, seeing the smokers, the meat, and give us an inside schoop on the place!2. First time? Get a hand on what you're ordering when they give you a taste of what you could be getting!3. Both of their smokers are locally made. That's right, it's actually a gas tank and works great!4. The meat doesn't need a knife to be eaten. Everything is carefully watched and timed so that your meat is done right the first time. Forks are optional.5. Need Sauce-options? There's two-three sauces house-made to choose from on each table. It's OK to share if your neighbor runs out, they'll bring you more. 6. Seating is limited at the right times. You know that it's good when you have to stand to eat. Each day there could be 20 people standing in line to order, walking out with their meals in hand, and you're only really in a pickle if they run out of meat that day because everyone got there before you. Good thing, they'll be open tomorrow. 7. You come hungry and leave a glutton. The portions are amazing. Two people could eat one plate easily, but then you'd have to share that savory goodness with someone else and that might be a deal-breaker.8. Can't seem to shake the need to sweeten the savory meal? No worries, they've got you covered with their homemade Pecan pie. Or if you're trying to avoid the nuts, they serve up local soda or pop to refresh your palate. Enjoy the savory goodness of Southern sass and BBQ class!
5	Wow....I couldn't feel my legs after I ate the fatty brisket...it was awesome ...I can only eat there on a Friday because I'm full for the next few days...I dream about it...not so weird, after you've been there ...
4	This place is so popular you'll have to come during the weekday, and before the lunch crowd. This place is so loved that I had to wait in a line an hour and a half, and it was worth it. In fact, the line ended up being a joyous social event. We all simply chatted and shared our stories and smart phone pics. Once you get your meal, you will be delighted. I had the maoist brisket, the kind with more fat on it, and it was so perfectly snow cooked that it basically melted in my mouth, and I chewed only a little bit. Maybe three or four chews per mouthful. I only come here for the moist brisket, but that's just me. I love it so. The grits are just right in texture and taste too. You can't come here without having their grits. It's a must. This is very casual and has outdoor seating. It is in a no frills urban industrial area, which makes it even further what it is - an urban delight. This is on top of my list of places to eat worldwide.
4	awesome, but expensive....averages out to $20.00 per LB expect to spend anywhere from $30.00 to $100.00 each visit.  I would say the fatty brisket was the best, also try the pork ribs and sausage.  The sides are nothing to write home about. The lines are long expect to wait over an hour, TIP get there early, if ordering five LBS or more (which is very easy to do) you can pre order and avoid the lines all together. (see web site)TIP:  Park across the street and walk over. The parking lot is small and they cram cars anywhere they fit, the car next to mine put a big dent in my door! Wanted to beat him with a rib bone LOL just kidding
5	Easiest the best brisket and beef ribs I ever had.Went on a Sat.  Got in line at 10:50am before opening at 11am.  Able to order at 12noon.  Very long line.  Ordered beef ribs, brisket, pulled pork, sausage and pork ribs.Pulled pork, Sausage and porks ribs are pretty good but the stars are beef ribs and brisket.So come early and get inline.
4	The parking and long wait, mentioned by many, is worth your time if you love Texas style BBQ. The resemblance to Franklin BBQ in Austin is uncanny in quality and concept. Only suckers show up at the longest line at 11:00am, come after the rush at 1:30pm to wait in a shorter line.
5	Get the fatty brisket....you will not regret it!Best BBQ in AZ by far.
4	This is the best BBQ I have ever had. If you think that you've had better I challenge you to give it a try! Also I have to say that the service is amazing? The folks that run it understand its all about repeat business and word of mouth. I bring new people there every chance I get. Go early because they do run out!
4	Been coming here for quite awhile now, and this is by far the best BBQ place in the area. I fight anyone who wants to go elsewhere. The meat quality is excellent, and are considerably better than other restaurants. The sauce are all very interesting, and I'm a personal fan of the sweet & tangy mustard. FYI they get busy during lunch, as well they should!
5	Just eat here, there are no words to explain how amazing this place is. I seriously drink the juice off the plate. Most tender fatty brisket ever. Their sauces are amazing, don't skip dessert the pecan pie is so good. I tried everything on the menu and not a single thing was bad. All amazing. Plus the hospitality was incredible free water if you wait in line, a personal tour of the smoking area, and a real love for what they do is apparent.
3	Tried little miss bbq today and have to say it wasn't too bad. The three stars is for the over an hour wait to get to order. I arrived just about 10:50am and there was a line out the door with about 40 people ahead of us. The food was a little bland for how great the smoke from the smokers smelled. I like the smoky flavor of bbq and don't like to add bbq sauce for the flavor. It was awesome though that one of the guys who serves people jumped out of line to see what I thought. He mentioned that the flavoring was a little off on the sausage which makes sense cause it was very bland. He said that they were going to be making a spicy sausage but never stated when. Overall this bbq blows away other places that claim to make bbq. Being a Texan I've had my fair share of bbq and know when I'm getting meat and when I am getting bbq. The price was not bad but the wait was not worth visiting again. If they ever expand where there is not traffic on the road and where you don't have to stand for an hour then I may be back but I don't see that happening.
5	Hott Damn - Well worth the drive and the wait - Best BBQ this side of Lockhart TX
5	Real deal BBQ with no equal in the Valley. By now I have tried every meat and side combination possible. If you have to prioritize a two meat platter, here's what you get: 1. Fatty brisket. Embrace the flavor. Embrace the fat. Ask for a sample while waiting in line and let it melt in your mouth.2. Pulled pork. While the fatty brisket is best without sauce, the smoky pork is the perfect conduit for their spicy BBQ on the table. Plus it's perfect for making little sammiches with the complimentary white bread, onions, and pickles. Get it on the rib if you prefer to gnaw on the bone. 3. Jalapeno cheddar grits. How grits should be done! Creamy with the perfect texture and just enough heat and cheese to keep it interesting. 4. Those beans. Swimming in sauce flavored with the cast offs from the brisket scrap basket. Peppery perfection. Wild cards: Pecan pie, pastrami (Thursday, runs out quick), and big ole beef ribs (Friday and Saturday, not available on two meat platter).Been, done that, no reason to stand in line for 30 mins to get it again: Smoked turkey (boring), lean brisket (no comparison to fatty brisket), homemade sausage (good, not great), potato salad (nothing special), cole slaw (totally forgettable).GET IT.
5	Don't let the industrial location throw you, this is some mighty fine eats! Probably the best BBQ I've ever had. And the sweet and tangy sauce I had with my brisket was to die for. The crew was friendly and helpful.  This place is a tiny hole in the wall joint that is a gold mine. Go early.
