5	This is a one-car train built in the 1800s that goes up a large hillside in P-burg. Although not the highlight of our trip, it was fun for a couple bucks. Really nice views of the city. Great spot to stop for a date.
5	According to reliable sources, Duquesne Incline on Mount Washington has the best vantage point of Pittsburgh you can get. There's a 180 degree view of Three Rivers intersection, where the Ohio, Monongahela, and Allegheny Rivers meet. You can see Heinz Field, where the Steelers play, and PNC Park, where the Pirates play, nestled between the skyscrapers of downtown and the bridges that span the rivers.It's actually a tiny museum with historical memorabilia and pictures of early 1900's Pittsburgh when the smoke from the steel mills was so heavy that it looked like night 24 hours a day. There's also a cable car that takes you down the side of the mountain. Duquesne Incline is a free and awesome way to get introduced to the city of Pittsburgh.
5	A must do when visiting ... the views from up on top of Mt. Washington are great.
5	I was very impressed I must say. The views from atop Mt. Washington are just stunning. I was lucky cause the sun had come out after raining all day, could see much farther and clearer. Didn't take the cable car ride. Still the views were totally worth it.
5	You simply can't beat the view of Pittsburgh's Golden Triangle (city skyline where the three rivers meet) from the observation platform at the top of Mt. Washington and the best way to get there is the Duquesne Incline.Park for free at the station near the base of the Incline across from West Carson Street (a hop skip and jump from Station Square and the Monongahela Incline) and enjoy a slow cruise to the top of Mt. Washington.  You'll be able to see the northshore stadiums, Point State Park, many of the bridges downtown is known for, and more.If you can make it there on a warm, clear night with someone special to canoodle with, by all means do so.  Plenty of romantic dining in the immediate area with spectacular views of their own. *swoon*
5	If you are visiting or a local and have never been up on the cable cars, this view will take your breath away. The slow ride up the side of Mt. Washington gives you one of the best urban views in the United States, especially right before dusk if it has been a sunny day.
5	Yay I still love riding the Inclines, especially to go drink :D. Not the intended purpose of going to and from work. Always good for the "what if the cable breaks" debates. hahaq
5	The view from the top is breath-taking. We parked at the top (1220 Grandivew) and took the ride to the bottom anyway. I don't think it was necessarily worth the trip but we were tourists and did it anyway. Go for the view.
5	Really great views and an awesome way for a newcomer to get a grip on the layout of the city. I went on Easter Sunday, and it was my first time being around a large number of Pittsburgh residents (Pittsburghers? Really?). Y'all are all so very nice!I wish I had known to park down at the bottom and ride up. I started at the top, so the ride was not as dramatic as it would have been from the other way. :)All in all, it was a super experience for a Pittsburgh newcomer.
5	Nothing less than terrifying if you're as afraid of heights as I am, but well worth the palm-sweating and hyperventilating.  At the top, a gorgeous view of the triangle where the rivers meet and of the entire city, and a mini-museum of pictures of the incline over the years.  An inexpensive and leisurely way to get to know Pittsburgh a bit.
5	Thanks to US Airways, my very first (and already short) trip to Pittsburgh was cut down to little more than 24 hours. What to do?The Duquesne Incline! Like Stefanie, I'm a bit skerred of heights so the shaky rides up and down the incline were mildly terrifying. But a great choice for a visitor like myself! From the top, I got to see a great view of the city skyline, the stadium, the ball park, the rivers and their renowned bridges. It was the perfect choice since I was short on time!
4	Before heading to lunch Andy suggested we try out the Duquesne Incline - a train track that scales the side of Mt. Washington on Pittsburgh's South Side. On the way we passed the Monongahela Incline - hearing that the view from Duquesne emcompasses more of the city and rivers. We parked at the bottom (which was across the street) climbed some stairs to the road, then went up and over the road on a pedestrian walkway. We even saw wild turkeys.It's $2 per person per trip - so a round trip for one (up then down or down then up) is $4. Not a great price but also not too much.After about 1 minute of waiting for the car, we got on and rode up. The contraption is pretty cool and the view got better and better as we rose up the incline. The trolley itself is not temperature controlled so whatever it is outside - it'll be that on the inside. At the top is a small gift shop and various museum and informational items. I was happy to see two penny presses (as I casually collect those) and spent a few minutes occupied with that activity. Outside of this small building is an observational area with viewing stations. Overall a very cool experience and if you're in Pittsburgh you should do it at least once. I plan to try again in the summer.
5	This is Pittsburgh.I'd also like to settle the debate about which Incline is better. It's this one. For locals, this is great transportation up to Mount Washington and all the restaurants up there. For out-of-towners, the view from the Duquesne Incline surpasses the view from the Monongahela Incline. ***Tip for passengers waiting for a connection in Pittsburgh for more than a few hours. Take the 28X bus towards downtown and get off at the base of the incline (the stop's right there, but ask the driver!). Take the incline up, eat and drink something, take the incline down, get back on the 28X and back to the airport. The whole thing can be done in about 3 hours, eat/drink time included, if you're smart.
4	Since I wrote about the the Monongahela Incline yesterday, I thought I'd give the Duquesne Incline equal time.  It's not as conveniently located for me, so I've made far fewer trips on this one.  Unlike the Mon Incline, it doesn't connect with the rail system.  It does, however, connect with several bus routes going between Downtown and the West End at its lower station.  There's also a large parking lot at the lower station.Unlike the Mon Incline, whose cars are very austere looking, the Duquesne's cars are very ornate.  They are still the original cars from 1877, made out of cherry-wood.  They really creak while en-route!  Also unlike the Mon Incline, the Duquesne Incline is operated by a non-profit preservation society and receives no subsidies.  You can, however, use Port Authority Transit passes and transfers on it (The society does get re-imbursed by PAT for this).So here's a suggested itinerary.  Park your car at the lower station.  Ride up the Duquense Incline.  Use the overlook.  Then walk east on Grandview Avenue (beware, there are a couple of wicked hills).  Stop at the overlooks near the Mon Incline, and head back down the Mon Incline.  You can then browse through Station Square and walk through their parking lot to get back to the Duquesne Incline.  Or, you can do the reverse and begin at Station Square.  My now husband and I did so on one of our earliest dates.
5	Unique (well, there's the Mon one), kitchey, functional (locals grumbled as our tour of PIT trolleys made its final stop, and hampered their uphill commute home...). Come on it's only $2, and the view from the top is spectacular. Our guys had to be pryed outa the machinery room, but that's just the Society for Industrial Archeology...
4	The Duquesne Incline really does deserve its reputation as one of the must-do activities in Pittsburgh.  Bring your camera, and you too can have pictures of the iconic Golden Triangle--no need to buy postcards!I love the old-fashioned cars and stations (particularly the upper station).  My one complaint is the pay system--only the lower station collects fares.  It can get chaotic and confusing when people are trying to pay to go up at the same time people are paying after they come down.  (But I guess the pay system isn't all that different from the PAT bus system--so maybe it's just Pittsburgh-style).  You can pay for a round trip if you start at the bottom, so I'm assuming all the people paying after they come down started at the top.I'm with all the reviewers who recommend starting from the bottom and going up.  The upper station has more going on, with photographs on the walls, penny presses, the small gift shop, and the self-guided tour of all the gears and cables, If you exit the upper station and walk west, there's a grassy stretch where you can get some more good pictures.  The restaurants on Grandview are the pricey steak/seafood kind of establishments, so eat before you come if you want more affordable grub.
5	What an amazing place to come and get a bird's eye view of the city. It was gorgeous here! Came here the first night I was in town, and wow, breath taking views of the city. Of course I had to get over the whole "I'm afraid of heights" thing that I deal with, but once I did, I really loved it up here! Came up in a little trolley car, and when I reached the top, amazing. Took great pictures at dusk, so they're a little dark, but seriously, AMAZING view! (I wonder how many people propose up here!?) Anyway, worth the trip, especially if you're a first timer to Pittsburgh!
3	some friends from indy came into town and i figured this would be the tourist portion of their trip.  it's $4 round trip and we were pleasantly surprized that there was no line (it was 4th of July weekend).  the ride was short and the views up top weren't as incredible as i'd hoped for.  i think i set my expectations too high with the yelp.com reviews.  i just thought it would be quicker, easier, funner, cheaper to hike up the hill instead of taking this thing.  parking was also a joke.  the lot across the street was charging $20.  the reason for this $20 may have been due to it being the 4th of July and people were coming out to see the fireworks.  i'm not sure.  i refused to pay the $20 and backed up stopping traffic in both directions.  the lady in the truck behind me who was also entering the parking lot yelled "what's wrong"  i yelled "it's $20"  she said "what's the problem"  i said "IT'S $20 FREAK'N BUCKS!  BACK UP!!!!  I'M COMING OUT!!!!!!!!!
5	"Great history lesson" is what I wrote in the guest book.  As spectacular as the view is, I equally enjoyed the informational displays in the station house at the top.  They pack a lot into a small space--photographs, newspapers and facsimiles, old letters, various writeups, a handful of artifacts.  I'm a native Pennsylvanian (from further east) but I had never heard of some of the events depicted, such as the St Patrick's Day flood of 1936.  I enjoyed reading the history of the incline as well as some of the lighter touches, such as a photo from January 1995 of the two cars as they pass each other--one reading "DEEE" and the other "FENSE."  Another neat item are two displays of postcards from around the world of other funiculars, mountain trams, cable lifts, and the like.And then there's the view.  Our weather was perfect; hopefully yours will be too.  I was always aware that Pittsburgh is a very attractive city (I mean now, not in the 80s) but seeing it from up here really emphasizes it and cements one singular, representative image in my mind.  One of the items inside is an article from February 2009 from the USA Today travel section, listing the Duquesne Incline as one of the top ten places in the world to view a city skyline.So $4 round trip is money well spent for just the view OR the museum; for both it's a great deal.
5	Classic Pittsburgh.  The hill is super steep and the view from the top is fantastic.  It was a bit pricier than I was expecting, but I'll happily pay the $4 per person for a round trip just to make sure this landmark stays around.
4	The Duquesne Incline is quintessential Pittsburgh.  It's a fun little ride up and down the hill on the vintage cars, almost like an old roller coaster.  Absolutely spectacular views of the city from the observation deck and the top.  The station house has so much character, it's truly one of a kind.  I really love that Pittsburgh is a modern city, but they keep the past well preserved.  Bring your camera well, you will absolutely regret it if you don't.
4	Do NOT plug the 1220 Grandview Ave address into your GPS and expect to get there.  Yes, that's exactly what I did and was lead up the mountain.  Use 1197 West Carson Street, Pittsburgh PA 15219 instead.  The view is nice, but I'm not so sure about "the second most beautiful view in America" title.  Definitely worth the 2.75 RT ride.
5	A ride up an incline on a trip to Pittsburgh is a must.  It's a great way to experience a birds eye view of the city and take in some post card scenery.  You'll also breathe in some history and step back into time as it feels like the ride hasn't changed in many many years.Not many other places can you get to enjoy a downtown overlook like this.  I suggest riding to the top and enjoying one of the several restaurants on Mt Washington.  And here's a few tips: don't be scared as it may look a little intimidating for a first timer, and bring cash because it hasn't joined the 21st century of debit/credit.
5	The Incline was so much fun to ride when I was a student back in good ole Pittsburgh. It's free with a Pitt ID and the views up there are just spectacular. If you're visiting Pittsburgh from out-of-town, this a must. This is also a romantic place to take a significant other on a date as well! We always came up here after special events or with a bunch of people after hanging out in Station Square. I miss the Incline!!
4	My son and I were visiting Pittsburgh recently and took advantage of some extra time to take the Incline. This was really cool, even for a 17 year old boy. Tremendous view, price is right, lots of restaurant to eat in when you get to the top.Definitely recommend to anyone visting.
3	Warning for full disclosure.  This review probably isn't fair.  I'm afraid of heights.  I stayed in the middle of the car and spent half of the time with my eyes closed muttering, 'breath, breath, breath,' under my breath.But, from the reactions from everyone else in the car, they had a great time!  We went in the evening and everything was so lovely lit up.  I think I would have done better if it had been stationary because once we were at the top and stopped, it was much better for me and I could catch all the lights and a great view of the city.There's a lot of great history here, and I got to listen to my uncle (who grew up in the are) talk about riding this as a kid and how much the city has changed.A great trip to enjoy, but if you're afraid of heights, remember to breath...
5	Not that this is some ridiculously magical experience or anything, especially since I spent 4 years in Pittsburgh, but if you're from out of town or want to show visitors something interesting, this incline is a must see!I also do love the wonderful food at the top. Don't miss out if you haven't already checked it out!
5	I highly recommend a trip on the incline during Pittsburgh's "Light up Night," usually in November each year.  Sure, it's freezing, but the city lights up the entire skyline and it's really gorgeous.  Coming from a non-Pittsburgh fan, this is something that I wish I could make a yearly tradition!
5	Just to continue what most others are saying, the view at the top is amazing! We went this past 4th of July weekend and the weather couldn't have been better. You could see for miles, I have yet been to a city that has a better view. As for the ride up the incline, phew it's a bit of a white knuckler for someone like myself who hates heights, going up is muuuuch worse than going down. I found myself questioning the maintenance of the track and cable haha. But I'm glad I did it, well worth the $4 round trip fare. As someone who appreciates history, the incline is a little slice of the American past that is truly Pittsburgh.
4	I love the fact that it's a part of the Port Authority system... so if you're busing it everywhere anyway, you can fork over for the transfer and it works up here. (Essentially, I spend $2.75 to get on the G2 from Oakland and transfer up Duquesne. Sounds pretty good.)The ride up itself is only a tad rickety, but maintained pretty well, it seems. It's a little hard to take pictures of the view because of the glass and screens (because, you know, they're trying to protect you and your possessions and all)... but it's pretty nice on the way up. Just wait, though.... because you'll have a good shot of downtown Pittsburgh once you get to the top. They have a gated outlook (so you don't step over too far) from which you can take pics. Most people stop by here, but there's never too many peeps, really, to get your shot in.(Btw, There's another outlook a little farther up the road.)It's also interesting that they post the history of the Incline at the entrance on both ends. Quite the tourist stop for Pitt visitors. I likes it.Next time I go up, though... It'll be with a tripod.
5	Very cool way to see the city.It only costs 2 bucks, but it's worth every penny.  I loved the old fashioned cars and stations.  Only regret is that the journey is too fast!  don't miss it!
5	It's $4 for round trip and doesn't charge extra during rush hour like the Mon Incline.  If you're visiting, there's free parking at the bottom and you can cross over Carson Street.  The 2 cars go in tandem so when 1 is going up, the other is going down so they always cross each other right in the middle.You only pay at the bottom.  So if you park and want to ride up, you pay before you get on.  If you come from the top, you pay when you leave or show your pass there.  The staff is nice and help you out if you're new.  It's being taken care of by a non-profit organization rather than any local government entity.The night view is good since you can see the skyline and it's pretty empty so you just relax.  The street is pretty empty on top so you can take some good pictures when you're on top without much background distraction.  There are some old pictures and a small museum on top.  No bathroom.  I went in the morning as well and it was a little bit hazy.  There were several commuters in the car and they took the bus at the bottom.  Overall, a great ride and view!
3	Nice views at the top during the day.  Saw two wedding parties take pictures up there.  Not much to explore up top except the overlooks.  There is some stuff on Shiloh street (coffee, ice cream, etc) but not really a place to relax and enjoy the view.   Free parking is also a little tough to find because of narrow side streets and most are dedicated permit parking.   Incline ride is $2one way.  Would come back to see the view at night.
5	let's not over analyze this.it's a cool, old-fashioned inclined cable car that takes you to one of the highest points in pittsburgh, and provides a great view.you can't have a killer facebook album without an amazing cover shot, now can you?
5	We were passing through Pittsburgh this weekend and I demanded we stop and ride the incline. Everytime I hear someone talk about Pittsburgh they talk about how the incline is the one thing that makes Pittsburgh unique. As others have said it's a $4 round trip ticket to ride up and back, cash only and exact fare. You can park (for free) at the bottom of the Duquesne Incline and walk up to the station. Once up at the top you can pay another .50 to walk under the station platform and see all of the equipment. We spent a while down here watching as the cars came up and went back down. I am a bit of an engineering nerd so I probably could have watched for hours. Or you can for free walk down the hallway on the right to an observation deck, which also has those 25 cent telescopes to look through. Unfortunately, it was rainy and cloudy when we went this weekend, but even with that the view was incredible. I can't wait to go back when the weather is better!
5	This is the Pittsburgh tourist thing to do.  I think it is the better of the two inclines, with a better view from the top.  It's $2 up and $2 down.  You'll most likely want to do both.  There is plenty of parking, but be sure to turn onto West Station Square Drive to find the lower station parking lot, or else you will find yourself making a big loop around, crossing several bridges, to find your way back (as I did).  There are great views from the Mt. Washington at the top.  You can see the down town area, Point Park, and the rivers.  Interesting observation: the Allegheny River and Monongahela River are actually two different slightly different colors and you can see the colors diffusing into one another when the two rivers form the Ohio.  The trees on the hill are beautiful shades of red, orange, and yellow in the fall.  There are no restrooms at the top, but we found a nearby restaurant that allowed us to use their restrooms free of purchasing anything.  There are a number of nearby restaurants to stop and grab something to eat.  It's definitely worth the visit, especially if you have friends visiting from out of town.
5	If you've never been to Pittsburgh, you should check this out. For a whopping $4, you get a million dollar view of Pittsburgh. Yes, the cars are rickety and you get the feeling you are not entirely safe, but that is part of the charm. The view at the top is gorgeous and you really get an appreciation of how the city is laid out. I really loved being able to see how all the bridges connect the city.
5	Its a classic pittsburgh institution! Go up to Mt. Washington, take pictures of yourself on an overlook and then take the incline down to Station Square! It gives you an excellent view of the city and you can see how pretty the skyline really is!! Its cheap, about 5 bucks and the cars can sit a few people at a time.
3	You park at the bottom. You pay at the bottom. You ride to the top. You come back down.I honestly believe $4 roundtrip is too much. The ideal situation would be $2 roundtrip and a free hot dog. I'd go everyday.Going up, I was scared for my life. The car seemed hesitant especially at the top drop off point. I must admit that the highlight was taking pictures. It was too cold to walk around, but I may take advantage of this site in the summer with or without the hot dog deal. (I hope with.)On the way down, the car was jam-packed and so very awkward. We saw a proposal occurring in the opposite car, which caused a couple to bicker. Now that's true romance.
5	What an old-school blast! I really don't think you can visit the 'Burgh without going on one of the inclines at least one time. I mean, seriously--these things are packed with history! I'm afraid of heights, but once I got over the initial shock I was squirming around this thing looking for the best view to capture. Holy cow. Pittsburgh is already a gorgeous and fascinating city, but seeing it from the incline is incredible. You can almost picture it in the hustle and bustle of history. I loved that it was cheap and informational. $4 to ride up and down was more than fair, plus you get to head out to the overlook and really soak in the view of the city. You can see the rivers coming together, the fountain at the point and the bridges all up and down the city. Ahhhhhh... touristy, yes. Corny? Nope. Essential? Definitely.
5	When I was a student at Pitt I never went on the inclines. Even when I would come back to visit friends I never went and did this sort of "touristy" thing. I finally got to go on the incline when I was in town for Superbowl weekend. I'm so glad I went!!The price is "wicked cheap" as we say in New England. I think it was less than $5 for the round-trip ticket plus the museum admission at the top of the slope. The view from the top is pretty nice, but seeing the old pictures of Pittsburgh and the inner workings of the incline pulley system were really what made it.
4	This has the more classic Pittsburgh view than the Monongahela Incline, also has lots of pictures and memorabilia of Pittsburgh and how it's changed inside the building. For a small fee, you can see the inner workings of the machinery - this process of paying the additional amount feels like that of a sideshow at a carnival. Which inclines view I prefer is hard to decide - Pittsburgh is beautiful from many standpoints. I might even prefer the views from the streets. This  experience, however, is worth its price of a bus ride. It's a tourist attraction, the kind I bet most Pittsburghers haven't enjoyed. I'd check it out though, at least once.
3	So those pictures on yelp of the view from grandview? I snapped those exact same ones using my own camera. For a grand total of $9 + 2.75 atm fee. Bring exact change.
2	I'm glad hubby and I did the touristy thing and rode the incline, but it sure looked better than it was.  Maybe it didn't help that we went on an overcast, wintry day.  Or that on the way back down we were sandwiched in amongst a tour group with a guide whose inane and seemly never-before-rehearsed remarks actually subtracted from our knowledge of Pittsburgh.  I don't know how long I thought the trip would take, but for $4.50 apiece round trip, I certainly expected it to be more than 2.5 minutes each way.Still, I'm glad I can say I did it.
5	I don't really have a favorite incline, the Monogahela one is wonderful too. This is just such a great way to experience Pittsburgh. It's cheap, only takes a few minutes, but the view is just spectacular, then you can walk around up on Mt. Washington and enjoy a truly beautiful city (sad that so many people still think it is a gritty steeltown). There's neat churches and neighborhoods to explore up there too. If it's your first time to Pittsburgh, you HAVE to ride the incline, touristy or not. Sometimes there's a good reason all the tourists do the same thing.
5	Aside from the super sassy old lady working the booth at the lower station (and let's face it: her saltiness actually *lent* to the overall experience), husband and I loved our little jaunt up the Duquesne Incline.We arrived early enough on a Sunday morning to avoid the tourist crowds, parked our car in the convenient free lot on W. Carson, and took the pedestrian bridge up to Lower Station.  When we discovered the $2.25 fare was exact change and cash only, we found ourselves fumbling through wallets and pockets looking for the right coinage.  [Enter Sassafras]Sass: "There's a change machine *right* there." [jabbing with her thumb]Husband: "I only have a ten."Sass: [snorting] "It'll change a *ten.*"Husband: "Yes, but it only gives dollar coins, and I need quarters." [to me]: "I need to run back to the car for quarters." [exits lower station]Sass: "Where is he *going*?  There's a change machine *right* there!"Me: "He's getting quarters from the car."Sass: [snorting again] "What's the point of *that*?  You could just get change at the gift shop at the top." [to the custodian vacuuming the floor]: "Can you believe people would run back to their *cars*?!"  [laughing judgmentally with custodian]Me: [scratching head, wholly confused] "But...the sign says...must pay in advance....?"Sass: "Yeah?  And?"Me: "So...how does getting change at the top work?"Sass: [some rambling and convoluted explanation about the gift shop operating on the level of the IMF]Me: [shrugging]When we finally got to board the Duquesne trolly (is that what they're called?), we enjoyed how cute and festive the little cars looked -- cherry red and bright yellow, and looking inside like San Francisco cable cars.  The car slowly ascended Mount Washington where we were afforded some beautiful views of downtown, Point State Park, Heinz Field, PNC Park, Brunots Island, and the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers.  At the top we perused the little museum and observation deck for more wonderful views of the city, then walked the mile or so along Grandview Avenue to ride the Mon Incline back down Mount Washington.  Another quintessentially Pittsburgh experience we were happy we added to our itinerary.
5	Few things in life are this cheap anymore. For 3.50 round trip, you get a short ride with an amazing view. Yeah, it might be stuffy. Yeah, some of your fellow passengers might get some hot breath going on. But with a little planning and maybe waiting out a different car, you're going to have a neat, historical ride to the top and back on the cheap.Stick around on the top and check out some more awesome views and some shopping. There's a map right across from the station highlighting the local stores and restaurants and if you're still confused, everyone we ran into was super friendly and willing to help.
4	It's a cute place and you get a pretty nice view of the city once you get to the top.  It's a nice place to visit if you want to explore Pittsburgh.
4	For a flatlander like myself, the ride on this funicular is its own adventure. Add 3 flatlander babes and climbing up a mountain while watching Heinz Field shrink is even more exciting (or terrifying, depending on your outlook).
5	What a cheap and cool way to see the panoramic view of Pittsburgh! I was a little taken aback by the need for exact change, but I did manage to find it and had a great time on the old funicular (I love that word). Beautiful from the top. I'd love to get dinner at one of the nice restaurants up there the next time I visit!
4	Absolutely worth doing this while in Pittsburgh. The view at the top of Mt Washington can not be beat.The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is the woman who sits behind the glass and does nothing at the bottom station was one of the most unpleasant people I've ever had the chance to meet. Plus the fact that you need exact change is kind of weird. They have a change machine if you need to break some larger bills. Why not just replace the surly woman with a machine?In spite of that, do not miss an opportunity to check this out.
4	It's worth a trip up, the view is amazing. I wish I would have checked out one of the restaurants on the top as well. Great spot to take some amazing pictures of the city. The $4 trip for up and back was a little pricey, but hey what tourist attraction isn't expensive. They really need to ditch the exact change thing though. Fine if you want people to pay cash only, but in change only too, weird. But, why staff a both if you are going to send people to a change machine anyway? Guy at the booth was very grumpy.
5	Scenic way to get to the great restaurants on Mt Washington.
4	We really liked the Duquesne Incline and found that it provided a wonderful view of Pittsburgh.  You can't beat the price, either.  We Chicagoans would definitely come back again.I wish that I could give it 3.5 stars instead of 4, because the station does not have a bathroom.  Two of my four children had to go really badly, even after we went before traveling.  There's no signage regarding lack of bathrooms.  They do have a port-a-potty at the bottom of the incline, back behind the station building, in a gravel lot.  Would have been great to know that there is not potty at the top (which is what we were banking on when we went up) and there's only a port-a-potty at the bottom (in a very scary area).We ended up cutting our time at the top short as we frantically looked for a place to pee.
4	Historical?  Yes.  Incredible views?  Absolutely.  One of a kind?  Pretty much.I'm glad I did this on my tour through Pittsburgh a few weeks ago, as the views were incredible.  I started my trip at the top though, so I had already taken a ton of photos prior to boarding the trolley.  I didn't really get any shots that were much better than what I had seen from the top, except for the requisite "Looking up from the bottom of the line" photo.  This seems like one of those attractions that is worth going to once and then marking it off your list.  It's a fairly fast ride up/down the hill and was actually very smooth considering the age of the attraction.  While we were here, the new Batman movie was being filmed across the river at Heinz Field, so we did get an interesting viewpoint to see that.
4	We stopped immediately upon arriving in Pittsburgh, and it was the perfect introduction to the city.  We parked at the top and took the incline down, which was the way to go -- there is really nothing at the bottom.  The history posted in the station is really interesting, and I'd recommend everyone to pay the 50 cents to tour the engine room.  It's fascinating to watch as the cars make their journey.
4	This is a must-see when you are visiting Pittsburgh.  The Duquesne incline is regarded as one of the top 10 city line views in the world, accordingly to USA Today.You have two options to check out the incline, either park at the parking lot at the bottom of the incline on West Carson street or park at the top of the incline.  During the summer season, parking at the top of the incline can be bleak.  There is a private parking lot right across the incline that charges $10/day.Inside the incline, there is a cute little museum where you get a bit of the history of the incline also you can see the 'inards' of the mechanical room.  The view is pretty awesome from the top.Do not forget your camera!
3	Exact change only, change machines provided. No bathrooms.Cool views of Pittsburgh, try not to be too obnoxious because the incline is also a mode of transport for locals, if you are with a large group please let the locals through the line.Awesome views, but there are not many things to do at the top of the incline.
5	What a gorgeous view.We decided to opt out of riding the trolley and drove up instead. It was gorgeous.With the sun setting, it's a great view of Pittsburgh. We literally saw all of Pittsburgh...and I didn't realize the number of bridges the city had. Holy crap, what a great view. Just a word of advice- we parked in a spot....thinking it was okay, since others were illegally parked...and ended up with quite the pricey parking ticket. Eek. Should have sucked it up and paid the 10 dollar parking lot fee.Nonetheless, a great day, with a great view of Pitt. Pitt, you really did surprise me!
4	"You raise me up, so I can stand on mount washington"This was a lot of fun.  I mean its not a heart pounding ride but if you appreciate some ridiculous views of Pittsburgh and experiencing a piece of history then come on down.  Although you can freak yourself out thinking about what if the cord snapped and you went plummeting down the incline toward the water. Its a slow ride to the top so those with fears of heights might wanna sit down...or drive up.Recommend riding this during the day to the top and then heading back down at night after a couple cocktails and some dinner when the city is lit up. (we ate at Monterey Bay Fish Grotto...review to follow)If you are so inclined on the incline there is a little tour of the inner workings of the machinery and tons of pictures etc in the pavilion at the top.  I am a dork, so I found it fascinating.As other reviews have stated bring exact change as I did not and I ended up with pocket full of quarters and dollar coins.  Not a good look.
5	this incline--and i imagine the other too (monongahela)--is a blast. my first honest impression.  am i glad my wife Claire brought me to her hometownoldtime columnist Ernie Pyle wrote about this city as "being laid out by mountain goats".  no kidding.  the inclines are a way to deal with thatsomebody like myself could spend hours not necessarily riding it but down in the public machinery viewing room, for an extra 50 cents scrutinizing and understanding the methods beneath powering it all, including safety measuresin the riding car it's such a joy to witness young children claiming the front seats, either going up or down, and assuming it's their first time trip too they invariably exclaim aloud as the cable begins pulling-- THIS IS GREAT!!!the view at the top should make you return, not forgetting the binoculars next time.  the only negative is the restaurants up there were so hoidy-toidy as claiming no seating available for the commonfolk like us(this incline glimpsed briefly in movie The Next 3 Days)
4	There just isn't any experience like the Incline. My first trip up, I was as happy as a kid at a theme park. I really enjoyed the ride, and the friendly lady up at the top of the mountain who directed us to some spots not-to-be-missed. I really have to insist that you take the ride at night at least once. The views of the city at night are stunning! There's something about the light reflecting out into the night sky that gets me every time.
4	We rode from the top to bottom then back up to the top...kinda scary looking down the incline!  We had a lot of fun...really beautiful views.  Price isn't bad either....$10 parking when we were only there for about 30 minutes was a little annoying, but whatever.  Only reason I'm knocking off a star isn't even for the exact change policy...it's because there were no bathrooms!  We had to go down the street to a fancy restaurant and ask to use their bathrooms.I've always wanted to ride a funicular, and when I'm back in Pittsburgh I'll probably do it again :)
5	The Duquesne Incline provides great glimpses of Pittsburgh history and a really nice and helpful staff. Overall it's a much better experience than riding the Monongahela Incline.
5	Great place to take in the view :)
4	Was a great view from the top and on the incline.  The incline is historic; loved the picture display at the top (like a mini-museum).  There is free parking at the bottom in a gravel lot.  At the top there is a parking lot that is $10 flat-rate to park in or street parking in the area (some metered, some free).  Their system for collecting fares is abysmal and the process (especially at the bottom where they collect fares) is quite poor.  First of all, it's cash only and exact change (they have a change machine that spits out dollar coins).  This is ridiculous.  Why can't they just get a cash register and credit card reader for the person at the window?  Also, this is a major tourist attraction, but there was no public restroom to be found anywhere.  Couldn't they at least afford to put a couple port-a-johns in the parking lot at the bottom?  Not sure if things were so busy because of the dual sporting events happening on the same day (two Philly-Pittsburgh games), but there got to be a bit of a line when we were on our way back up (after riding down).  We got there pretty early on Saturday morning and traffic was low... but things really picked up steam just a little bit later.  This location isn't that far from the Monongahela incline; the view from here is a bit more of the point; otherwise, I think they are fairly similar... wonder if the crowds are less at the Monongahela incline...?  The inclines are definitely worth a visit if you go to Pittsburgh.
4	I can spell Duquesne without looking. Really, I can!  I vaguely remember my grandfather trying to teach me how to spell it. (He was from this area.)The Incline was pretty neat. It opened in 1877. Wow! Supposedly, it's one of the last remaining inclines in the country. Why do we get rid of such cool stuff?! You may not get a better view of Pittsburgh than this. Check out the interior of the upper station. There are some great old photos of Pittsburgh and maps and souvenirs. Don't worry, it's not like riding a rollercoaster. It's a pretty smooth ride. I didn't feel even ONE bump or anything to make me even slightly nervous. Only downside would be their archaic "exact change" system.
2	The incline is attractive, but the staff were universally rude and treated the customers much like cattle.
5	Best value for the tourist in me (and you)!I highly recommend the Duquesne Incline, especially to new-comers or visitors.  It was just the ticket to get my bearings and know where I had been and where I wanted to go next in downtown Pittsburgh.  At the time of this post, the fee was a mere $4.50 for an adult for a roundrip ticket aboard the cable car to the top of the Mt. Washington neighborhood.  It was another 50 cents for a self-guided tour of the inner workings of the cables that work the cars.  The best part?  The views!  Specatular views of downtown are to be had so click away taking all those photos to post on FaceBook.  An added bonus?  Get all the free brochures together in the shop at the top and you'll find a jewel of a map of the city from the bicycle rental company.  You'll be able to locate items on the map to match what you're looking at.  While you're at the top, don't pass the chance to dine at one of the restaurants with a view.  Check out my review for the Grandview Saloon nearby which has an outdoor deck.Note also there's a free parking lot for the Incline but also note it contains quite a few steps to the loading deck in case that's of significance to you.
5	This was really cool. From reading the other reviews I've seen various prices given so here is an update - as of 3/8/12. It is $5 return and then 50cents for the ability to walk through the engine room which is located at the top leve (NOTE: quarters only which can be obtained from a change machine at the lower level). At the top level the view is great. Good pictures can be taken from the observation deck at the too level - better than from in the car itself owing to the screens on the low windows. I went in the daytime would like to go again at dark - and with the free parking down on the lower deck (Station Sq lot A) you can't beat it. I haven't checked out the other incline but I heard from a Burgh and Bites tour guide that this is the better one. NOTE: No credit cards. Exact change required. Change machine in lower level.
4	I was actually seriously terrified to go on the incline, but as we walked up to get inside, there was a huge spider, and my fear of spiders overruled my fear of heights. The cable car was super old school. Exact change only. But the ride was smooth and beautiful.The view of the city at night, at the top of the incline, was amazing. Overlooking the river, and all the lights, it was amazing. I'm glad the experience is over, because now I don't have to go ever again, but it was beautiful none the less.
3	Exact change only, if you don't have the right amount of money prepair to leave a juicy tip.It was a nice but short ride, truthfully I was expecting more.You cannot see that well through the windows and due how they pack it the view is nice but not pictureworthy.It is really old school, running since the early 1900's, worth a trip for sure.It gets full, expect to wiat in line but due to two trains running at all times, early morning till past midnight and the ride only going 5 minutes you will not wait long.The best views are from the upper platform, if you want to save your money just go up there and take some pictures, I think it is about $3 per person one way.
5	The family had a great time on this quick ride.  We went in the middle of the day, so it wasn't too packed.  In fact, on the ride down, it was just the 6 of us going down.  Yes, its old and rickety, but that's its charm.View from the platform is very nice. Traffic getting there is a bit rough at the rush hour, but be bold and you can get through it without too much trouble.
5	Fantastic, charming, enchanting landmark incline train!  Ran up the long way to the top and rode down for the shortcut back.  Incredible views of Pittsburgh and restaurants at the top.  Monkey recommends to take time to view all the pictures and examine its history.  Wonderful technology of the past that still holds well today.  $2.50 collected at bottom.  Exact change only!
5	We managed to make it up the incline just fine, despite it being over 100 years old. The platform offers great views of the city and inside there are several pictures of the city throughout the years. The incline doesn't get any help from the government as far as funding or subsidies go, so the $5 ticket was well worth it. I'd definitely recommend to anyone visiting the area.
4	Beautiful view from the top! I counted 16 bridges! Well worth the price of admission. Bring cash in small bills.~Christine ZellersCEO, LBDC
4	To make the ride up the incline extra fun, be sure to travel with a person who enjoys frantically grabbing you while hissing in your ear, "My God, what is that sound? Is that the cable breaking?" Oh that funny, funny man. Have exact round-trip fare ($5) for your classic old wooden cable car ride up one of the oldest remaining inclines in the country, and have 50 cents in your pocket too if you want to treat yourself to the self-guided tour up top that includes a close-up view of the cables working and the machinery inside. Also interesting are the many old photos of Pittsburgh and the incline throughout the years.  The best part is the beautiful view from the top observation deck: Pittsburgh all in lights reflecting on the rivers at night, and about a gazillion bridges.
5	Great view from the top, well worth the $5 round trip ticket.
5	I flew into Pittsburgh on a Monday, immediately fell in love with it, and decided to ride up the side of a mountain to get a good look at the city and its brown rivers.The funicular going up the side of the mountain was amusing, mainly in part because my companion is terrified of heights and spent the ride staring at the cable, convinced this would be our final destination. Once you reach the top, you step into a building that smells of rotten wood, mold and termites. I happen to love the smell of old, scary places, so it intrigued me. Outside is a terrace where you get a beautiful view of Pittsburgh. Seriously, this view goes on for miles. We stayed for a while taking crappy pictures with our crappy iPhone cameras before the wind forced us down.It was on the way down that we met a chatty local who told us many people in the city use this thing to get from the street above to the street far below. This isn't just amusement, folks, but public transportation. Hearing that eased my height-fearing friend who had previously likened it to an unsafe carnival ride.A cool way to blow 30 minutes for only $5 a piece. Bring cash only or face the wrath of the ancient ATM.
5	The views from this attraction were incredible! We went at night and seeing Pittsburgh light up was breathtaking.
4	fantastic!!! Pittsburgh is just like Rio de Janeiro , well without the palmtrees, warm sunny climate, gorgeous beaches, and gorgeous Brazilian women .. but otherwise the same, both cities are hilly and have a funicular. OK in Rio it goes up a huge mountain bigger than any in the eastern US, but hey u gotta live with what u got!!  this is actually a very nice way to commute up and down , much easier, faster, and less stressful then driving; as the drive up to the top or down is very roundabout and takes a long time..  $2.50 each way or you can buy roundtrip ticket $5 cash only.
5	Fun tourist attraction!  Love the built in museum!
5	Beautiful view and convenient ride for cheap
4	You'll get anxiety if you have fear of heights, but a cool experience.  Very shaky and clanky which ups the anxiety.  Great view of the city.  And you're contributing to historical preservation.
5	One of best deals and things to do in Pittsburgh. For that price I felt like a Steal-er. Basically you park for free at the bottom of the hill, and ride the incline up the mount for wonderful views of the Pittsburgh skyline. When you are on top, there are places nearby you can grab a beer or some grub and continue to take in the view before your descent down the hill. Apparently it is the same trains that were featured on Mr. Rogers Neighborhood, who was from Pittsburgh.
5	Well worth the $5 round trip to get to the top.  If you have vertigo, this is a good place to face your fear.  After a short, harrowing ride to the top, you are treated to spectacular views of downtown Pittsburgh and the river confluence at Point Park.  Absolutely worth every penny, with historical displays at the top.  Highly recommended to go at night.  It runs late, with trips past midnight.   Don't forget your camera, or at least your phone.
5	The Duquesne Incline is an inclined trolley service (the track is quite steep, so the unusual trolley car is not parallel with the rails) on the south side of Pittsburgh.The Duquesne Incline wins 5 stars for: novelty, fun for kids, the view from the top and history. Most people take the incline just for the ride (there is parking at the bottom). Photographers have a marvelous opportunity to be creative, and not just with the view from above.
5	The Duquesne Incline is fantastic!Knowing little about Pittsburgh, we were a bit lost in determining what to see in order to get a true feel for the city. I had been doing my searching of Pittsburgh attractions and multiple times I came across Mount Washington and the Inclines. And it was when we were aimlessly driving around the city that we stumbled upon a sign for The Duquesne Incline. We pulled over, parked down the hill, and made the short hike up to the starting point of what looked like a sort of tram that travels up the hillside overlooking the city. Sure enough, this place was perfect and exactly what we were looking for. After paying a modest fee, we shuffled into the little cart and it soon began to make its ascent up the side of the hill. Immediately the cart's windows exposed a surreal view of downtown Pittsburgh at the trail head of the famous three rivers. It was definitely a beautiful sight and warranted loads of picture-taking. Once we made it up the hill, we discovered a visitor center/"gift shop" and a sign pointing outside for a scenic overlook of downtown. We followed the sign and ventured out to the patio/balcony area and were amazed by the beauty of it all - the blend of metropolis and green space was a sight to see and definitely swayed our former opinions on the Steel City. This is a must see/do when you're in Pittsburgh!
4	Great, quick, inexpensive, unique.  I would recommend the incline to anyone as something different and memorable.  No kidding about all the others warning about the exact change!  Absolutely no wavering there --no change (and no smile at the bottom, either).  Also, really poor signage( read: none) to pull into the hidden parking lot.  We blew rightist it even though we were looking for it and had Siri going and everything. Otherwise, terrific!    Highly recommend it!
5	Must visit if in Pittsburgh. Great view from the observation deck and trolley. Fun, nostalgic, inexpensive. I dare say best view of the three river area without outerspace imagery...
5	Most major cities have some way of experiencing the skyline whether its by boat, or a major building.  Pittsburgh is unique as they have the Duquesne Incline to shuttle folks up and down the hill to see the city at its finest.I recently was in Pittsburgh with a friend and we decided to check this out as we saw it from the road.  After parking the car and making our up the stairs, we found ourselves in the station.  We paid the fee ($5.00 round trip) and waited a few minutes while the tram which would take us up, was on its way down.  Eventually we got on the tram and went up...once at the top, one finds a gift shop, observation deck (with a cool view of the city), and even a little museum which tells of the history of Pittsburgh and the incline.  Great way to catch a glimpse of the city and a must visit if you are into checking out skylines.
5	So far I've lived in three cities in the is: NYC, Philly and Pittsburgh. (Among these three, pittsburgh is my fav) These inclines are something so unique to Pittsburgh. Every guest we've had found them amusing. Well worth $5 round trip fare. Wish they sell coffee at the top.
3	Historic and scenic however short the trip was. Like other's have said it's a unique experience and relatively cheap. The shop at the top wasn't open when I was there so I couldn't get my postcard which was kind of a bummer. The station at the top is pretty small but had some interesting pictures of the history. Doesn't take long to experience this attraction.
5	Who doesn't love a ride up a steep hill on a box with wheels? You can't spell funicular without fun! A short walk from Point State Park and a few bucks ($5) gets you a ride to a great view of Pittsburgh. My tour guide (i.e. my friend) mentioned that some people actually use this as part of their commute. And surely, it's a short walk to downtown from here, but probably a good 40 minutes total. Highly recommend, especially if any part of you is shutterbug.
4	I had a short trip to Pitsburgh this fall and this was one of my must-do activities.  It was easy to hop on the train and you get to see a great view at the top.  I will admit I was a bit awkward being the only single person riding up (I was surrounded by couples and families, lol) but still a great view from the top! I will admit I had to take "selfies" up there since I didn't have a photo friend!
5	Wow.  This 'tourist attraction' hits it all.  Cheap ($5 round trip I believe, cash), great views, historical, fun, just awesome!  I'm a photographer so I wanted to get up Mt. Washington because this is THE place for skyline views.  I ended up going at the perfect time, just when the sun was going down.  It was such a wonderful experience.  If I lived there, I'd go up there to eat often or just simply sit and write or shoot (my camera).The Duquesne Incline (dew-kayn) is an inclined plane railroad that scales Mt. Washington at a 30 degree angle. Designed by Samuel Diescher, the incline was completed in 1877. Originally steam powered, the Duquesne Incline was built to carry cargo up and down Mt. Washington in the late 19th century. It later carried passengers, particularly Mt. Washington residents who were tired of walking up footpaths to the top. Inclines were then being built all over Mt. Washington. But as more roads were built on "Coal Hill" most of the other inclines were closed. By the end of the 1960s, only the Monongahela Incline and the Duquesne Incline remained.When we got to the top, there were pictures all over the wall and postcards/souvenirs for sale. And when you step out and walk along the street, there are several restaurants (had a very nice dinner (Pittsburgh style chicken salad) and drinks at the Grandview Saloon overlooking the beautiful view) and another great lookout area at Point of View Park just a half mile down.  THERE ARE NO PUBLIC RESTROOMS.  You must order a drink or something to use the ones in the restaurants (or sneak in like we did).Turns out I was in Pittsburgh at a very special time. A friendly, floating, four-story-high Rubber Duck had arrived.  The duck has been on display in Amsterdam, Lommel (Belgium), Osaka, Sydney Harbour, Sao Paulo and Hong Kong and arrived in the US for the first time in Pittsburgh on Sept. 27 at the Allegheny River. It was an art installment with this point: The Rubber Duck knows no frontiers, it doesn't discriminate and doesn't have a political connotation. Visitors from across the country and Canada to see the duck, shining like a beacon on Pittsburgh's water. And it generated tens of millions of dollars for the economy.***Please note that when I visited, my original plan was to start at the Mono incline but it wasn't operating.  This was a big deal for many because this is more than just a tourist attraction. It's locals ride to and from work/home.  So if this is something you really, really want to see (and you should), leave a little wiggle room in case you show up and it is closed. Fortunately, I went on down to the Duquesne which was operation.
5	Hey yinz people visiting Pittsburgh .....Welcome n'at.  In addition to eating a Primantis sandwich, seeing PNC park, or whatever reason you're in our fair city, yinz have to take some time to check out the Duquesne incline.  It's super cool, a little thrilling, and affords yinz the best view of da Burgh you will get anywhere else.  So don't be a jagoff, check this ride out.
5	Gorgeous view. Way better than the other incline. Was able to check it off my bucket list. Win!
3	Great view at night.  A tiny bit scary.
5	This is a must do.  Awesome?  Yes.  Best view of the city?  Yes.  Was I the ultimate tourist when visiting Pittsburgh last fall?  Yes. You have to make time to do the Duquesne Incline.  I mean look at all the great reviews and spectacular pictures.  I'm sure most of the locals have done this at least once but whether you are a native or visitor, you need to go on this joy ride.  The fares are fair and the views are worth every penny.  You've gotta do this!
5	I've taken the Duquesne Incline to work for many years.  No matter how many times you take it, it never gets old.  At different times if the day, mostly around dawn and dusk, we would see a large herd of deer about halfway down where it levels off.  There are also wild turkeys.  It's a beautiful sight to see when the sun rises in the east with the city skyline in the background, while riding down the incline!  It's a great place to take out-of-town guests.  I definitely like this incline better than the Mongahela Incline.
5	A point of note - this isn't JUST a tourist attraction, but actually part of Pittsburgh's port authority (i.e. Public transit).  I take this regularly to get downtown (I live nearby) and the experience never gets old.  It always amuses me to watch first time riders on this admittedly creaky incline train (think old wooden roller coaster sound with doors that shut loudly & abruptly).  There are the beautiful views out the window of course, but make sure to look up as there both cars have really cool old light fixtures as well.  Cash (exact change) or connect card (port authority's reloadable fare card)
5	MUST DO!  If you are visiting Pittsburgh and want to experience something unique you must try an incline. Inclines were numerous in Pittsburgh decades ago but only two remain. Little exist in the US so grab this opportunity while you can. It is cheap and a great opportunity to experience Pittsburgh.
3	Employees are not friendly but the view makes up for it.  It is a short ride to the top of Mt Washington for one of the best views in the city
5	$10 round trip for two people might seem like a bit much, but the Duquesne Incline, wrapped in so much history and legend, receives no funds from any municipal body, so it relies on ticket sales and souvenirs to stay afloat.So if it takes that from me to keep this thing going strong from 1877-now, then so be it.BUT, I almost knocked off a star for charging for parking. Sure, it's only $1, but it's $1 on an unmaintained dirt lot. It'd also be nice if credit cards were accepted for Incline tickets, but cash-only is sort of the nature of the beast with places like this. We're just lucky some folks with cash were kind enough to give us the few dollars we needed and have us Venmo them the amount on the spot. Thank heaven for Venmo.You can't beat the view. The whole thing is touristy, but who cares, right?
3	Bring cash and small bills. There is a change machine that will give you back coins. They will change it out for bills in the gift shop, but avoid the hassle.
1	We got turned away at the door because they only accept EXACT CASH for a ride...they literally won't even give you change...AND they give you attitude about it because how dare someone ask for change?  Even public buses will give you change but they won't. To top it off, when we were digging through our purses trying to find cash, an employee told us to move because we were in the way.AND we wasted money on non-refundable parking just to leave 2 minutes later. That's probably how they make their money because how do they make any when they turn customers away? Also the only bathroom is a Mr. John port-a-potty. In the end we just drove up the hill ourselves....at least we saved those $15.
4	This was definitely one of the highlights of the trip.  And old trolley car takes you to the top of a hill to see beautiful views of Pittsburgh.  Reminded me of the skylifts in Gatlinburg.  I would have given 5 stars except that they do not accept debit/credit cards and there is no ATM available.  We had to walk back down to our car to get cash to pay for the trolley.  B+
5	We rode the incline at dusk and watched downtown Pittsburgh light up. It was a great show. The Incline is totally cool. Old timey tech. A great mini-museum at the top. The gear works at the top is worth the visit to see a technical history and explanation of how it works. OK, I'm and engineer. I geek out on this stuff. Worth the price of the ticket to keep this place in operation and open so the public can see the technology that progressed our country into technical leadership. Oh yeah! there's smashed pennies to be had. Excellent!
2	$5 for a round trip which took less than 2 min each way.  If I were to do it again, i will just drive up the hill and go to Mount Washington.  Seniors are free but I have found out that Canadian Seniors are not counted as seniors and my father in law as showing his Canadian driver license, the person who sells ticket would not honor the free ride for seniors.  However, the pricing billboard did not mention about the discount that it is straightly for US seniors.
4	Very cheap for such a great view and ride. Loved how quickly the car moved and the museum at the top that had some history
5	I just moved to Greensburg, PA for school, so it seems appropriate to give my 600th review to the only attraction I know in Pittsburgh!First point: it turns out Pittsburgh is gorgeous.  I had no idea that this was the case the first time I visited Pennsylvania, but all of the rivers and bridges are pretty cool.Second point: the view from the Duquesne Incline is awesome!  From the top, you have a spectacular view of all three rivers in the city, downtown, and miles around downtown.  You can also get some insight into the history of the place, which is really interesting, as well as the mechanics of how the Incline actually works.Third point: the address listed is for the bottom of the Incline, assuming you want to ride up.  We accidentally had the GPS take us to the mailing address (1220 Grandview Avenue) at the top.  Since we were already where we wanted to take pictures, we opted to not actually ride the Incline down and back, but it was still a fun visit.Fourth point:  the Incline is actually part of the public transit system.  As a result, it's pretty cheap to ride, even if it is cash only, which is a pleasant change from most cities' pricey scenic viewpoints.I'm most definitely not a Pittsburgh expert yet, but I'm still wholeheartedly recommending the Duquesne Incline!
4	It is a cheap thrill to go up the incline. There is so much history. It is a great experience that doesn't take too much time (unless to spend a lot of time at the top of Mt. Washington taking pictures). It's perfect for locals and tourists to see the Pittsburgh skyline. It is an amazing sight!
4	Too highlights and lowlights1) cheap! Only $5 per person round trip2) great views from the top3) service wasn't very friendlyA co-worker and I decided to take a trip on the incline while on a business trip in Pittsburgh. The incline is about a 3 minute drive from downtown so very convenient if you are staying in the area. You have to pay to park, but it's not super pricy - $2 for the first hour and $1 per hour after that. The incline round trip ride is $5 per person round trip and they only take cash!!The service wasn't very friendly and the attendants seemed a little annoyed that the visitors (mostly tourists) didn't know what they were doing. However, the service is totally worth bearing through as the views from the top are incredible! There is plenty of room for photo ops outside, and some historical info about the incline in the entry building at the top.There are a few restaurants nearby at the top as well. We had lunch up there and the views were stunning! Overall, definitely a bucket list item for anyone who lives in or is visiting the Pittsburgh area.
5	If you go to Pittsburgh, you must must must do this! The view is spectacular! Well worth the $5...also, there are some nice restaurants up top if you want to eat.
5	This is a must do thing in pittsburgh. The cars that bring you up are the original 1870s cars. It is a really cool attraction is pittsburgh.
4	I'd rate this a five for the views, but feel like they could do more with this; part of this is this is more than just a tourist attraction but a functioning transit service. The parking is inconvenient at the bottom station; down by the river and kind of meh. You have to climb up stairs to an overpass over the road, then down some steps to the waiting area, which is very cramped. There's really no organization to the setup there. You have to pay exact change into a bus-like fare box; the attendant does not provide change; there are change machines but you'll get a lot of dollar coins. It's two fares; one up and one down. The top station has nice displays on the history, and a small gift shop, as well as a scenic lookout with incredible views of downtown Pittsburgh and the "Three Rivers". No attendant at the top; you pay all fares at the bottom.
2	"Exact change only" sneers the individual behind the glass.  I slide my precise denomination under the window to then be corrected that the proper placement is in the glass container to my left. You should know, when riding down, payment is taken at the bottom only. The ride is smooth and slow with nice views, but there's nothing to do at the bottom but get back on line to ride up (unless you parked at the bottom). $15 round trip for 3. Check it off the list of tourist attractions.
1	$2.50 each way, pay at the bottom though and really no one managing who pays and who doesn't.  Lady at payment window says "Exact payment." Not $3 not $5, $2.50 exactly! If you don't have exact, then your screwed.  Then you go to give her your exact change and she yells at you to put it in an "Exact Change" box outside the window.  *Sigh*When you get to the bottom there is absolutely NOTHING to do whatsoever.  So save yourself the walk and turn back around and get on the 30 minute line to ride back up...this is if you parked at the top. Very poorly managed.  Nice views but that's it, so as long as you don't mind spending money for ride and parking just for a 2 min ride to enjoy a view.
5	Just beautiful! Awesome view of the city and river! I highly recommend if you visit Pittsburg!
5	I mean, this is another quintessential Pittsburgh treat. It's great to take a weekend morning up, coupled with many photo taking opportunities- as well as to get out to the museum and lastly the beautiful view at the top. I went up the incline during my interview weekend for my position and immediately fell in love with the city. As I continue to do it now and then, it makes me realize how cool the city actually is.
5	Simply breathtaking. As a California native, rarely do I get bird's eye views of cities. The fare to ride the trolley isn't that bad, and the self guided tour of the machinery behind the scenes was great. If you're in town, you should totally check out this piece of history.
2	Overhyped but glad I did it.First impressions are the age.  There's some very cool construction and architecture and you get a real feeling of a time way way gone by. I'm not surprised that the operator at the bottom doesn't touch money.  It wouldn't be too much to ask for someone to make change.  If you ever want a stereotype of a long term public union employee, the woman at the bottom is it.  No apparent skills needed for the job, no help whatsoever, and really would rather you not bother her.  If you're not with the program, you're an idiot.  I'm sure her career is long, profitable, and she'll have a lavish retirement and bless her for her fortune.  The view from the top is awesome and it 's worth the hassle at the bottom.  I've checked off my things to do list and will now move on.
5	It doesn't get much better than the view of the city of Pittsburgh! Especially at night when the sky is dark and the buildings are all lit up. Coming from a small town, the view (to me) was probably one of the best I've ever seen in my life. Also, when I went, Will Smith and Alec Baldwin were shooting a movie so if you go up this incline you might stumble upon a movie set like my family and I!
4	For a quick family-friendly and affordable experience with a great view, this is it. Doesn't take long and is very pleasant. I took my wife, 9 year old daughter, and 7 year old son to the top and back. We all enjoyed it.
5	Definitely something everyone has to do at least once. A great little outing for the family.  Nostalgia for a few dollars!! Worth the trip
4	Very unique tourist attraction in Pittsburgh that everyone should see at least once.  The city skyline is actually beautiful and something that I didn't actually much expect to see, so that was a definite plus.  We started at the bottom, which I guess is technically "the wrong way", but whatever.  Parking is across the street and it's fairly cheap - but be warned, if you go at any other time than the early morning, you may have difficulty finding a spot.  It's busy, too - there'll be a line, but it moves fairly fast. Thanks to reading Yelp reviews, we were prepared for the "exact change" system - make sure you have it, because it's so busy here that they don't really have time to guide you along.  You can't get on here without a ticket, and they do check, so... make sure you have it.Riding up made me VERY nervous, I won't lie.  The car creaked and squeaked like that thing was going to fall apart at any second.  The ride back down wasn't as bad.The only thing that I didn't like about my experience here is that there were so many people up at the top with phones and cameras flashing everywhere that I nearly got shoved over the fence in the mad rush of people wanting "selfies".  Really?  We went at night, so maybe this doesn't happen during the day, but I was seriously annoyed by the rudeness.Anyhow, this is definitely something that everyone who visits ought to try out.  If you're coming from the bottom like we did, it's kind of hard to find, so make sure you get a good GPS.Not bad.
4	A unique rail system that is still in working condition and used as part of the public transportation system! As we were driving around, we couldn't help notice this contraption going up and down through the trees. its a cash only system, so double check to make sure what the prices are for going up and down, and to have exact change.  The address will take you to the bottom base, you can park there for free (when we went, it was free). I'm not going to lie, it was a bit scary getting on to this thing, but once you're in, it is actually pretty neat. When you arrive at the top, you get nice views of the park and the city of Pittsburgh. They have pictures that show the history of it as well.  There is a self guided tour you can also take for less than a dollar, the gift shop can give you change if you don't have coins, i think it was 50 or 75 cents, but just have exact change in case the gift shop won't change anything.
