4	Five and D!!!!! What a great spot. It's always open. Always. And things there manage to be pretty consistent, which must be tough with a revolving staff both inside the kitchen and out.As a late night scene, it is a fantastic place to pick up a milkshake and some cheese fries (If you're daring, go for the chili cheese fries). It always gets a crazy mix of people at those hours so even just observing is pretty hysterical. What many people don't know is that it's also a great breakfast spot. Omelettes, waffles, toast, and pancakes are all present and tasty.And lastly, it is a pretty darn good lunch and dinner joint. I'm a big fan of the Surf City sandwich but the Teriyaki Pineapple Burger has lately become my numero uno.  Phoenix would not be the same without Five and Diner.
4	This was always our after the bar, the movie or something that lets out after 9pm kind of spot when we wanted something a bit "classier" than Denny's.  Growing up in N. Phoenix, getting here was enough of a drive that it became it's own adventure.  I'm totally down w/ their shakes.  I love the Diner feel.  I love that you can sit outside on a good night.  Heck, I love the tiny booths with the jukebox - even though everyone knows there are SO many requests ahead of you, you won't get to hear your song you have to put in a quarter and do it anyway.  But I just got through going by there at about 7pm on a THURSDAY and the parking lot was packed!  PACKED!  I don't get it.  It's good.  I will never take anything away from that - but packed at 7 on a Thursday?  Wow.
3	Oh 5 & Diner.  We used to live in the neighborhood so we ate here a lot.  Not so much now, it was just really convenient. They do have great shakes and I always loved my biscuit with honey on the weekend mornings. I also like that it was open 24 hours and that the juke box has my two favorite oldies songs!
5	It's the '50's all over again!Great fun!  The food's authentic to the period.  Service is good. Prices are reasonable.   Jukebox at the table [awesome cool!].
3	When you have a craving for a milkshake or sundae, this it the place!  They have many different flavors and will make one up for you if you ask.The waistaff is always friendly and happy to chat.I like that at this location there is outdoor seating and you can have meetings with groups.They have a Blue Moon burger with bleu cheese that's really good, too!
4	The wait staff from the late, lamented Ed Devebic's [I know that's not spelled right!!] landed on their feet at 5 & Diner!! Yep, you can still dine with Pebbles, Minnie Mouse and Grocho at this stainless steel and mirrored tribute to the 1950s. Yummmm! We were just there again last night for sliders and iced tea. The shakes are also the thing here, not many tables but there's usually a place at the counter, the prices are great and it's just a lot of fun. But the tableside jukebox didn't work last time...sigh. Other than that it's a fun fab place for 24-hour dining!!
2	We've been twice now, and nothing we have had has been very good. The ice cream and cake were mediocre, the onion rings were crispy-initially, the burgers were WAY overdone and made from cheap beef. Ask the bone chip in my husband's burger. The mushrooms were the canned pieces and stems variety, and the fries were crispy but heavy. The cole-slaw was excessively sweet and completely limp. The service has ranged from complete disinterest- no greeting, no eye-contact, and I had to beg for refills- to interactions between employees so uncomfortable that I wanted to say something. It's great if you have rapport, but the customers don't need to see you slap each other around and overhear you gossiping about each other- even in play. Or, if you hate your job at 5 & Diner, please find another one and stop throwing the dishes around at a volume that hurts my ears and ruins my experience. Management needs to intervene before this Phoenix institution falls apart.
4	The Groovy P. and I ventured to his old stomping grounds for lunch today.  The '5 and Diner' on 16th St and Colter left me with little to ask for.  Before coming here I had a preconceived notion that 5 & Diners were dirty and nasty. Not the case at all.We walk in and let the waitress know we want to sit outside (since it's so nice and they had misters).  We get two different servers bringing us stuff (talk about service) and I ask the one waitress for recommendations.  I didn't listen to her, of course, and ordered the Southwestern Burger w/ coleslaw and started with a nice stack of rings.The Onion Rings were perfectly cooked.  They looked like they were prepackaged, but they were very crispy and I could actually bite through the onion without pulling the entire thing out (don't you hate that?!!!)The Southwestern Burger was order Medium Rare and was cooked accordingly.  Soft, juicy, and pink with a nice crispy browned outer layer that can only be achieved on a well used grill.  The creaminess of the chipotle mayo paired beautifully with the green chiles.  Unfortunately, because I ate too many onion rings, I couldn't finish my burger.  What a shame!The Coleslaw was just how I like it.  It's hard to find a really good coleslaw.  I prefer mine to be slightly sweet, not sour.  Too much vinegar in slaw ruins it in my opinion.  This slaw had the perfect marriage of mayo, vinegar, and sugar. Not to mention carrots...My experience here was great!  The servers were top notch and kept my water full the entire time and actually chatted with us for a few minutes.There is an artist guy named Ross who has been there every day for 5393 days straight. No, not an employee.  He goes there and does his art! He hasn't missed a SINGLE day!!! That's like... 15 years! So if you wanna seem to be 'in the know' ask where Ross is... They'll be able to tell you.Time for a nap!
4	I've been going to this place since it first opened over 20 years ago.  I still make it a point to get there for a shake every time I make it back home.  It's great for that and for chilling to the oldies.  I can't say I ever had any idea that the place would still be going strong, as I remember it was originally only a temporary setup, awaiting the inevitable displacement from the planned freeway down Colter (which never ended up materializing).  Imagine my shock when I drove past one in Las Vegas a few years ago.  Long live the 5 & Diner.
5	i have vomited in the bathroom here at least a dozen times, not from the food. it's always good to have a greasy burger after a night of drinking. i usually throw up before i eat so i don't waste all the greasy goodness that is 5&Diner.as far as diners go in phoenix, this is one of the better options. it's a real diner as opposed to Denny's or ugh, whats left..most of the others are all long closed.5 stars for the sympathy for my vomit bursts, 3-4 for the food, 4 for the fun atmosphere after dark. yay.PS. i'm sorry cleaning staff. :(
3	My biggest pet peeve is a cold restaurant. I hate being cold and uncomfortable when I'm eating. This place is cold. I have been to this 5 and Diner probably 5 or 6 times. Pretty much the same as any other 5&D you have ever been to. This location has pretty average service. They have great milkshakes, but mediocre food. I normally only eat breakfast here. My dining party seemed to enjoy their food. They do have comfy booths which allow for a nice nap, if you are narcoleptic like me.
4	Reliably good breakfast that is a step up quality-wise from the average greasy spoon, more flavorful than Denny's et al, and has good service.Yes, it is a diner and a chain, but when I'm looking for a good, uncomplicated, non-fancyschmancy breakfast, this is where I go.  No waiting in lines forever for the newest trendy breakfast spot, we get seated here almost immediately because we sit outside.  I like the skillets, the omelets, and an uncomplicated egg breakfast.  I've also come here later in the day and enjoyed their burgers, while my friends have tried the meatloaf and other entrees without complaint.  This isn't fancy cuisine, it's diner food, and for diner food I have yet to be disappointed.
2	Goddamn I wanted a french dip tonight. Meaty, juicy shavings of meat in a soft roll with a warm au jus. That's all I wanted.5 & Diner gave me a prime rib dip, which didn't quite satisfy. The bread was great, but the meager spat of buttery prime rib with slimy onions wasn't what I was hoping for. While the au just was tasty, I expected something more. Seemed like it was missing a spice.French fries were great and the chocolate shake was EXCELLENT. I'd go again in hopes I just picked a bad night, but it was pretty pricey, so if I'm a disappointed again, they're done.
4	If you're a Tarantino fan or have seen Pulp Fiction an embarrassing number of times then you know what Jack Rabbit Slim's is. If Jack Rabbit Slim's existed, this would basically be the Phoenix franchise of it. No, it's not a wax museum with a pulse, it's just a great place to go to after a long night of drinking/smoking/etc. with friends. The music is great and the food is good no matter what your level of intoxication is. Now I'm not using that as a jab at all, that's part of the reason I love this place. Where else could you stuff down a greasy burger at 3 AM, gulp down a massive shake, listen to the wailing of Buddy Holly, have a waiter named McFly, and enjoy being trashed all at the same time? Sure it's not the cleanest nor does it have the best service, but who cares?If you go at the right hour late at night you'll see people that you are convinced could not be out in sunlight. Be sure to look for the guy that looks like a hermit Santa outside with the wildlife scenes he hand painted on his van. Again, I'm not knocking this place because it's part of the experience. If it's not for you, wear your paper hat and go pick up your order at In-N-Out's drive thru.
3	I wanted a diner to remind me of the east coast Greek family owned mega-cafeterias that are reliable, completely vast in their offerings, and somehow always ready with dessert.  I found the Five and Diner.  And although it cannot actually compare to all the Diners on HWY 1, the effort is found in the food, the price, and the throw back to the fifties.Good for that time when all you really want is breakfast food at midnight and a milkshake.  You could bring a date here...but just keep in mind that the name of the place will either let that person know you are frugal or not yet stimulated by the economic injection by our new leadership.
2	overpriced for "beep-beep-beep" everything, but some of the table jukeboxes work!--omelet was too perfectly formed to be freshly made, ew. where did it come from?--they must have silenced the microwaves, or the beeping from the "kitchen" would have drowned out the music.--not much food prepared here, just reheat, serve, and charge a bundle for itThe recent availability of mostly-ready-to-serve food provided by Shamrock and its local competitors is mostly just scary. Don't have a grill? No problem, we can make your eggs benedict for you, almost-ready-to-serve. No toaster? No problem. We can deliver it pre-toasted. [stepping down...ok i'm done now]I loved being able to select diner tunes from the table's mini-juke. It worked too! Note: some of the tables' jukes are possessed by demons and may suddenly start, or not work at all. Take your chances when dropping your two-bits.I love the vibe, just not the food. Unfortunately, that's what I go to a restaurant for, THE FOOD.
3	I guess I'm supposed to hate this place; its a chain, its usually crowded, the juke boxes are stupid. But, I feel comfortable there and I enjoy the food. What can I say? Its better than Denny's. I like it.
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm........................ Just thinking about this place makes my mouth water!!! The Atmosphere just puts me in another time ... the interior/exterior.... the staffing attire... the music.... uh its great... the service is nice... they are very nice, out going and attentive... but give you your space... its perfect.... the food was awesome!!! i had a burger... OMG i couldn't even finish it, it almost felt criminal...it was sooo good! and their fries are yummy too... i have this insane obsession of eating almost everything with BBQ sauce and usually i would pass on ordering it in most places because... well it always tastes funny or really watery... but in case you looove BBQ sauce to... it was great! lol The pricing on their menu is a pricier than Denny's.... but not by much, and the shake up in our reg Dennys routine is defiantly worth it :)
4	This quaint little diner is a delight at a great price. I had their burgers which are large and their breakfast which is great.It's a good size meal of a moderate price. Just don't put money in the juke box at the table. It doesn't work.
4	Mmmmmm My roommate and i showed up around 8pm.... it was pretty busy.... but we were seated right away.. and our waitress.. Barbie Doll (according to her name tag) was so nice! my roommate had a pumpkin shake... AMAZING!!!! also had the biscuits and gravy with eggs and bacon... she didn't like it all to much.. (shes a very picky eater) the B&G would have tasted better to me if they didn't put paprika over if... I had their Hound Dog... a pretty nice sized hot dog, the bun toasted... and you could add on chili, cheese or sour kraut!!! I had extra sour kraut and mustard on it! :) mmmm hit the spot... and their Fri's are sooo yummy!! and their BBQ sauce is super good too :) we both decided to have a slice of their cheesecake.... I had strawberry topping.. it was alright.. i wish they had had cherry toppings... mmm.. but this cheesecake was amazing!!!!!!!!! so creamy and a really nice sized piece ... i cannot wait to have it again!! :) Barbie Doll was very attentive and helpful... no where near annoying... at all!! i loved it... and all the other waiters that passed by were lovely as well.. all smiles.. but not the fake kinds... i liked it..
4	The Fifties, the Food, The MusicService 1 of five starsCleanliness .8 of 1 starDecor 1 of 1 starFood 1.3 of 2 stars9/10/2009If you want a rock and roll feeling with your burger, fries and shake, come on by. Reading some of the other reviews, I see some people have not liked 5 and Diner. It is open 24 hours, the menu is freshly upgraded with two or three new items and prices to keep the place in business. There are  more of this chain in the Phoenix area, but this is our favorite and has been here many years. Or weekends, various kinds of hotrodders bring their cars by for a visit, there is indoor and outdoor seating.   The strawberry shakes, enough for two has lots or real strawberry mixed in.  Bring your quarters and dollars, load up the jukebox, meet Minnie Mouse the waitress, or Dagwood the waiter and enjoy your eating and people-watching 5 and Diner experienceMore pics:http://local.yahoo.com/info-19995192-5-diner-phoenix;_ylt=AvHXiPh7vWIpRsQHvFwjAGaHNcIF;_ylv=3?csz=Phoenix%2C+AZ
4	Good food, attentive service. I had the waffle breakfast and it was delicious, really delicious. Everything on my plate was cooked to perfection and I felt all warm and fuzzy inside. My partner in eating crime went for the chicken fried steak - and was very pleased. I stole a bite or two and it was really good, the gravy was top notch - and isn't that what life is really all about?!
4	The employees at this location are sooo nice! Even when it's super busy they are still very friendly. My favorite thing about this place is it's open 24 hours! If you want breakfast for dinner or a milkshake at midnight you can have it! My fiancee enjoys their french dip sandwich whereas I always try something different. I just had dental work and have been eating like a senior citizen, so I opted for the mac n cheese. It was warm and gooey with a crunchy cheese topping- a great comfort food. Late at night this place is especially fun because of the people watching.
5	We stopped by here after a meeting with a business client:What I liked:- great teriyaki chicken sandwich!!! had it with a cherry Coke and seasoned fries!-coworker had a sandwich, easily substituted with veggie patty, very helpful.-great server, very friendly, she referred to us as "big wigs", probably cuz I was wearing a sportcoat.Reminds me of Mel's or Ruby's, but larger menu. Would definitely come back here, the fries are addictive!!!
3	I've only been there at lunch time and it takes forever to get a seat, but the food is good.  The waitresses look like they have more work and tables than they should have and are always 'hurried'.  Darn good BLTs though!
4	Arriving gives the overall feeling of an amusement park, there in the, not too far, distance is a playground of food items, wrapped in a costumed, stainless steel, 50's style "shell". The Eggs-Benedict was good (better then my recipe), i know i'm on vacation, even for the day, when i'm eating eggs-benedict ! Hash browns were crispy (not always easy in short order) the staff calls them out verbally to kitchen so there can keep up as well as put out a fast, "impeccable spud". Our server's name was Elly-Mae, and I think I believe her name tag, but the uniform requirements make it tenuous. Milkshake-exceptional, service -good to great, Building/Diner- awesome, bathroom-tiny (but a must see)and follow-thru on theme-thorough .
5	I have always had a good meal and service here never a complant.BUT right now their speical of the day is Chapolie Eggs Benidict They really need to add this to the regular menu THE best benidict I have ever ate hands down..I love sunday mornings out on their patio its great and the service can't be beat.
5	Great place to go when everything else is closed. The food was a thumbs up, my omelet was very small but a great tasting. I also tried some of my dads waffle and it was the best. that's not all, my mom's biscut & gravy was definitely the best!!!!  And on top of that the waiter was very nice plus he gave us comment on my dad's rocky shirt and said " this man still got it " and he made sure we were happy by coming by when we were served asking us to have a malt but we were fine and we loved it anyways without a malt . I highly recommend this dinner to friends & family even the press
1	Ordered Chicken Fried Steak for my free birthday meal. That probably shows my foodie ignorance, as who knows what meat is tucked in that fried, breaded coating with gravy. The whole plate was worse than I remember chow hall food when I was in the military. I sent the iced tea (probably another poor choice) back."How was everything?" the cashier asked when I left. "Free," I said."Oh good, glad you enjoyed it." I let it go.
3	Earlier this month I was in Phoenix visiting my brother-in-law.  In trying to find a decent place for breakfast, he recommended 5 and Diner, saying it is as close to an old school diner out west.  While the food there, wasn't bad, it wasn't great either.  Adding to the mediocre food was the incredibly slow service.  All in all, it is an okay place for breakfast, but that is about it.
4	Good milkshakes! Real ice cream. Serving size good enough for two.
3	After a concert my friend and I went here for a late night bite.  The atmosphere was fun and I liked the 50s themed box car decor.The service was nice and friendly and we both thoroughly enjoyed our milkshakes.  He ordered the macaroni and cheese which came with a side salad and I ordered a chicken sandwich.  The portions were generous and the quality of the food was about standard diner fare.I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a quaint sit down place with decent food that is open 24 hours.
1	Ok, so the reason why i am giving this place such a low score is mainly because they take themselves for granted waaaay too much. I was looking for a diner for a long time and when i saw it from the road i thought: oh this should be fun!!. oh well, 45 dollars for 2 entrees is waaay too much. plus the food was not fantastic, the service was soo arogant and the overall feel was like the were all saing: come on, you know you love it.. which immediately turned my off...hope you have a better experiencegood luck
2	Service was great. It seems like everything was marinated in oil then deep fried. Kinda turned my stomach. Then topping it all off with a chocolate and strawberry shake wasn't the smartest idea. I like how the waitresses dress in their cute 60's dresses and that the diner is in one big RV. I guess that made up for the mediocre food.
4	The food quality is just above Denny's IMO.  The burgers are cooked to order, so that's a nice touch.  And the onion rings are awesome.  So are the milk shakes.  Ambiance won the 4th star - very retro diner.  Wait staff was oustanding also, careful to keep our sodas topped off and quick to get us what we needed.  And, yes, for a Sunday morning, the joint was beyond busy.  A little on the pricey side for a family of 5 plus 1 visitor; the $4 milkshakes didn't help with that at all.  We'd consider visiting again, if only because they're open 24 hours.
3	Ate here with my people for lunch a couple of weeks ago.   They were slammed, but a table opened up just as we walked in so we were seated immediately.  I had an albacore tuna melt with fries and a lemonade, and my wife had a burger with onion rings and a cherry coke.  The food was very good, hot, and served quickly.  Our waiter was prompt & friendly.  Cute 50's atmosphere, but it interested me how many security cameras are mounted throughout the place.  It's not a large joint, but there are 4 or 5 video cameras in there for some reason.  My only complaint is the pricing. I was expecting a burger in a "5 & Diner" to be $5 or $6.  It was $9.  This is greasy comfort food -- and good greasy comfort food at that -- but that's just too pricey for greasy comfort food, especially in this type of setting.I would have given this place 4 stars if we hadn't ended up spending over $40 for lunch for 2 (2 sandwiches with fries/rings, 2 drinks + a milkshake to go for my wife).  This lunch was worth $25.  No more.
4	The chipotle eggs benedict was EXCELLENT. If I had a bigger stomach, I would have eaten all of it.  The sauce was amazing, and it had cilantro.Everything is better with cilantro.Service was good and friendly. This place seemed a little more cramped than other locations I've been to.  Getting to the bathroom and getting out of the bathroom here is like an obstacle course.
4	I definitely found my next fav restaurant! I came here last week with my friend and I was already excited before I entered, they had apple pie on the menu so that was a plus for me!I enjoyed the decor of the restaurant. It had a 1950s theme and the waiters even dressed up to go along with it. We started out by having southwestern egg rolls, which was delicious! The dip that came with it was great too.Our waiter was very quirky, which made our experience interesting in a good way. I ordered their sloppy joe meal that was their special of the day. I must admit that it was a good quality sloppy joe, even if that seems like an oxymoron. Afterwards I had apple pie a la mode that was good and flaky. I will be visiting again and again, 5 & Diner has won me over!
2	Maybe I'm ordering the wrong stuff, but I've *always* been disappointed in the grub at 5&Diner... The service was STELLAR and I really do like the ability to dine Al-Fresco at 3am, but does everything need to be soaked in butter flavored crisco??? ughghg.
4	Whenever I find myself hungry at 2am (which happens more often than I'd care to admit), my first inclination is to head here.  If you can hit it before the after-bar crowd gets there, it's a much better scene. Anything minus loud drunk people being obnoxious is a plus in my opinion.The 50s style is fun and fabulous in its own way (jukeboxes - sweet!), the staff and clientele are decidedly queer (which is good because so am I) and there's no lack of personality.  There seems to be one ornery waitress who has no problem telling folks where they can go, but perhaps that's her being "in character" ... or something.  Happily our favorite server "Spinner" usually scoops us up when we come in and takes very good care of us. Drinks never go empty and my dining companion's cherry Mr. Pibb always gets extra cherry just the way he likes it (and Spinner's been known to bring 2 because he finishes them quickly) and new black tea gets brewed when I walk in.  It really is the little things and being remembered that make the difference between good and great.The food is hearty and portions are decent, though it's a tad bit pricey, but at 2am it's worth it to not have to do it myself.  Their meatloaf sandwich is awesome (minus the garlic mushrooms for me, but I don't eat mushrooms) and the Hot Pastrami and Reuben are equally tasty. Even the turkey dinner hit the spot one night (despite the mushrooms in the stuffing - and for me that's saying something). My late-night dining companion (who was born in the wrong era and should have been a "greaser") raves about the eggs bennedict.  He has tried several different variations on this including the chipotle style and liked them all. He is also huge on the shakes - the orange creamsicle is his favorite. We have literally come here just for a shake - they're that good. They even have a PB&J shake. Not sure that's for me, but it sure is interesting that it's an option. Thick and delicious and served with the metal cup on the side with the extras - 2 straws upon request, just like it used to be when life was (supposedly) simpler. Almost makes me want a poodle skirt and a pair of saddle shoes (and my virginity back ... well  maybe not).Since this late night experience is a fun outing or field trip for me, the speed of service is inconsequential. The atmosphere is fun and the service is consistently great (Thanks Spinner!). Not much to be done about loud obnoxious drunk people except to avoid the post-bar rush if possible. But who can blame the barflies - 5 & Diner is the best place open at that hour. Period.I have to say I've never visited in daylight hours, but the dog-friendly patio is a nice touch - not that I have a dog, but I'm an animal lover in general and I think there should be places where dogs are welcomed.
1	I hadn't eaten here in 8 years or more (since my days of bar closing~), but I decided to again, on a Monday night @ 9:30 pm.  Just AWFUL.  Waited more than 30 minutes for our food, then my salad came out WITH our dinners.  Chicken friend steak ok, but smothered in bad gravy...mashed potatoes might have been okay, but also ruined with a lot of BAD gravy.  The corn was crunchy-mushy.  I chose the fish & chips, which I feel should only be advertised with big window paint, if it's edible, I literally couldn't eat it...but the fries weren't bad.  The waitress said sorry for the wait, only one cook & he was slammed, but we were terribly disappointed.  I can't believe this place is still open, with so many good resturants holding on & stil more, popping up.
4	There isn't very many places open in Phoenix past 10pm for a bite to eat. This diner is open 24 hours and I've been here twice so far. It's a great place to go to get a snack or dessert after the movies or going out. I've only tried a few things here so far and liked everything. I've tried the hot fudge brownie sundae, chili cheese fries, and the appetizer sampler plate. All there were pretty good. It hit the spot when I was craving dessert and something greasy. yum! I've heard that the wet fries are pretty good too. It sounds gross but I've heard from two different people that I should give it a try. So, maybe next time!
2	This place is nothing to write home about. It is about as good as Denny's. Fries are not so great. Burger was ok.
4	This cute food joint is one of many 5 & Diner locations in the Phoenix area, though I understand this is the original location, and the only location open 24 hours. It has a cute 50s-motif going on, from the booths to the bar to the music to the little jukeboxes on some tables to the waitresses' poodle skirts. The menu has breakfast items, entrees, a burger/sandwich section and salads. The BLT was pretty awesome for such a staple item. Prices are very affordable. The outside patio has umbrellas and cool mist!
2	So you already know it's a 50's diner with outdoor seating, and we're in the time of year now where sitting outside late night is nice especially after the club. I've come here a lot with friends late night, and the food was always scrumptious and service excellent, but after last night I MUST PROTEST.I ordered the Bourbon BBQ Wings, a promising title appealing to my tastes exactly. They arrive with a generous bowl of ranch and a few stalks of celery. I know most people don't eat the celery, maybe that's why, so I guess carrots were out of the question.THE WINGS WERE FROM BABY CHICKENS!!!I was shocked. some of them (both sections) were not 1.5 inches long, I swear. The sauce was yummy BUT I'M ANGRY ABOUT THE WING SIZE!!!! Come on 5& Diner, you're better than Long Wong's, ACT LIKE IT and serve up goodness on all fronts!(See my scathing review on them as well.) I want so much to write a glowing review here but NO.So my friend got the Southwestern eggrolls. They were sliced open diagonally and nicely presented on the plate. I tried one, and eventually my friend let me have the last 2. They were hard and irritating to eat, and tasted fine for tourists as it reminded me of Rubio's or Arriba's standard. I think Jack In The Box could've put out a better product overall.Another friend got the chicken quesedilla.Although I didn't taste it, presentation looked nice with the pico and guac on the side. The quesedillas were a good size and thickness. My friend took half of it home.I can recommend the burgers, onion rings, and breakfasts.Prices went up a couple of years ago to an average $9.49 for a burger plate, and slightly less for appetizers and other things. Service is always good, but don't go if you're in a hurry and the place is packed.BOTTOM LINE.... choose wisely. Last night I chose.... POORLY.
4	Stopped into this noisy, screwy rail car (style?) diner this morning, for my first ever 5 & Diner experience.  The car sides are all decked out with '50s photos & other memorabilia, & you request matching jukebox music to play along, from the tableside extension (remote) at your booth.So "5" here was busy, even though it should have been the slow, late morning hour.  I ordered a "Frank's Jack Burger" ($8.99) & a salad ($.99).  My table service from "Pebbles" was excellent, & my BIG, delicious salad arrived pretty soon.  Then at the appropriate time, here came my burger.  OMG, it was HUGE!!  This feast on a bun was easily the biggest hamburger I've ever eaten, loaded up with a half pound of great-tasting hamburger, plus jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, bacon, cole slaw, mayo, & barbecue sauce!This theme restaurant is loud & kitschy, unless you dine outside in the popular patio area, with its umbrella covered tables.  I'm an inside diner, & prefer a slightly more peaceful atmosphere, so Black Bear Diner, for example, beats this one by a little bit for me.  With that said, you'll find good service here & big delicious meals, so go ahead & jump in your '57 Nomad & whip over here, 'cause you might just find this place TOTALLY BITCHEN!!     :-))
1	Worst diner ever! The food is subpar, my wife got a blt and the lettuce was literally rotten, not a little discolored but ROTTEN! I ordered coffee and I dunno I expect my coffee at the beginning of the meal, the waitress didn't bother to bring it until she brought the food. Tried to her flag down for a refill I must have been invisible because she was ignoring us like a french waiter. So I had to go inside and get my own coffee. Dont waste your time at this shithole, they stay open on name recognition alone. I know many people will say best malts ever, good food but I will venture to say they are wrapped up in the nostalgia. Waste of money, waste of time, waste of space. Burn it down and build a parking lot, or a dennys at least I could get a cup of coffee. I will not go back, ever.
4	We bring the dogs on the patio and the servers are great and friendly with the dogs, and they seem to like us humans too.  Service is always kind and friendly, always get compliments on the dogs from other customers.  This is a really nice place for breakfast.I like the Eggs Benedict, the dogs highly recommend the double smoked ham!
4	Foid is great. Service is great. Love this place. Will be back often.
5	Good service good food beautiful weather to enjoy outside =)
2	Yeah, that was a $15 breakfast, that felt like a 6.99 breakfast. I have nostalgic feelings toward 5 & diner, so I'll probably still go here from time to time, but really it's not that good. I got an omelet that wasn't very memorable, the juke box ate our quarters.
4	Our family LOVES 5 & Diner.  I have two little boys who are 5 and 7 and they get so excited to go to 5 & Diner and put quarters in the miniature jukebox at the table and wear the paper 5 & Diner caps they get with their color-on menu and crayons.  I love the service and the ambience.  It's easy to imagine I'm transported back to the 1950's when my own parents were in high school and times seemed simpler...even though I doubt they were actually any simpler.I remember coming to 5 & Diner in the wee hours of the night after my friends and I left the nightclubs back in the early 1990's.  We'd sit in the booth wearing our black leather jackets and fashionable club attire, and pound down cigarettes (you could still smoke in there then, but not now...THANK GOODNESS) and drink cup after cup of hot coffee while devouring plates of strawberry covered waffles and heaps of bacon.  (Those were the days.)  Anyway, I took the family last weekend and was surprised that they recently changed their menu and the dinner entree I was looking forward to ordering was gone.  (Major bummer.)   It looked like they changed the whole menu since my last visit and I'm still not sure I love the new menu, it'll take a couple of more visits before I have a verdict on that...I know for sure if they got rid of their eggs benedict I'll be scarred for life!You need to go to 5 & Diner if you are into nostalgia, it's a wonderful place with great service that makes me wistful for a time that came and went a full 20 years before I was even born.  Now lets just see if the new menu sucks or not...
3	I love old timey diners, and 5 & Diner definitely fit the bill. They had classic '50's decor, jukeboxes on all the tables, and all the servers wore uniforms. I came in for dessert one night, not wanting to go back to my hotel room. I debated between a few options, but went with the Diner Split. The fried banana sold me. The split also had strawberries, chocolate, vanilla and strawberry ice creams, whipped cream, and was topped with a marachino cherry. There was no way I could eat the whole thing (it would be great for 2 or 3 people to share). So I enjoyed as much as I could, making sure I got ALL of the banana.
4	Visited this place with a friend. i used a entertainment coupon for buy one menu item with two drinks and get 1 menu item free. I got the Guacamole Burger with fries. $9.99... The burger tasted much better than the Carl's Jr. Guacamole burger. The female servers looked good in their 50's style dresses. very hot looking. :) Fast service and good food. Try this restaurant, you will enjoy the food and the view of the female servers. lol
4	Who doesn't like greasy diner food after a night of drinking! I know I do!! Friend and I wound up down at the 5 & Diner off 16th st, and man it was like close to 2am and this place was popping, people sitting outside, people on the inside made me think what the heck are all the folks doing up this late, then just shrugged my shoulders and found a table to sit at. I ordered a steak bombsomethinganother omelet, which was a steak omelet that had peppers, onions, cheese and eggs served with hash browns and English muffin, man I love English muffins!  The omelet was good, I of course loaded it with hot sauce cuz it needed heat. But it was good diner food and just what I wanted!The staff was friendly, service was fast and the entire time I was there, there was a steady flow of people coming and going, I guess this 5 & Diner is the spot to go!Yes I had a fun Friday night.......i do love my weekends!
5	Omg this place is so fun they have great food and shakes i wanted to shimmy to the music
5	All 5 & Diners are not equal. This location is one of my favorites--they just seem to go the extra mile. It doesn't matter what time of day I stop in...middle of a weekday, after midnight on a weekend...the place is friendly and busy. There is another closer to my house, but this location wins my heart every time. Another bonus? Their table side jukeboxes actually work. Our most recent visit  was for post-fireworks dessert. We finally tried the new menu. The Waffle Wonder was a hit. Half a waffle (by the way this location's waffles are superior to all others) covered in cinnamon sugar, vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, and caramel. It tasted like a supercharged churro. So yummy. My friend got the Diner Split which might seem run-of-the-mill, but it had a large scoop each of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry ice cream, with all the requisite sauces plus a deep fried banana. Yep, you heard right, deep-fried freakin' banana. I had a chocolate malted and could not have been happier.Next time you need a great way to cap off a late downtown night, check this place out.
5	Great 50's diner! We went for breakfast this morning before our roadtrip back to CA. It was packed (as expected). We were sat in 15 min. Service was fast, friendly and this staff WORKS! Everyone was constantly on the move. Food was served quickly! We ordered the Cali omelet and the French toast. Both were flavorful and completely devoured!It's cute, kitschy, and your typical 50's diner. However their tabletop juke box selection is more extensive than I've seen anywhere else.I'd love to come back again sometime for that middle-of-the-night belly bomb! Stay tuned...
4	I have friends that I meet there once a month for a delicious greasy spoon breakfast and these guys never disappoint.  I am a breakfast maven so love their hash browns most of all.  If I'm feeling a little decadent, I order a side of gravy with them.  It's really nice to sit outside during the cooler months and have some fries and a shake too!
1	I have been to this 5 & Diner three times. The first time I ordered the French Toast breakfast plate and I must say it was outstanding. The second time around I tried their Hot Wings traditional style with no sauce and they could compete for the worst wings I had in my life award but I gave them a break because it was 3am (even though they are open 24hrs), the wings were very small, over cooked, and just fried  plain then had seasoning salt threw over them. Anyway I gave this place another shot, but this time around I chose to stick with breakfast and ordered the Strawberry and Whipped Cream Pancakes while my date ordered Chicken Fried Steak with a side of Fresh Fruit. As my Pancakes arrived they just seemed as if they were not freshly made so it took a minute for me to dig into them and I wasn't really in the mood to complain so I just went with them. So in between time me and my date are conversing and she had already started in on her fruit bowl. Then she politely shows me this HUGE FLY resting in peace on here chunk of Honey-Dew Melon. NEVER AGAIN!!!
1	*Businesses do have bad days, I'm very aware of that* experienced Saturday Morning 9/22/12 approx 11aI already felt weird meeting my date at a 50s diner, being black, because back then blks/whts didn't even sit together, but I quickly got over that LOLThe design of the restaurant is pretty neat, a pink trailer. & inside, the booths are pretty retro. The menu is more extensive than one might think. I was overwhelmed by the choices.I went with lunch during breakfast time. Ordered a chicken fried chicken w/mashed potatoes and a bowl of fruit.I ordered apple juice, at first they told me the machine was broken so I took cranberry juice as a substitute but before I could drink that, they brought me the apple juice and swiftly took the cranberry away. This was odd to me because if the cranberry juice is already poured, and I've put my straw in it, are you just taking it and throwing it down the sink? & if you're doing that, you should just leave it for me, but whatever I was happy they had the apple juice.The waitresses that I encountered were nice enough. I was glad they had some color in the establishment, just makes me feel more comfortable (hispanic-descent waitress).My order came, just as I ordered it and it looked good. I always start with my fruit, as I'm eating it and enjoying it, I get to a cantaloupe piece and WHOOMP! There It Is!! There's a dead fly in my fruit cup. I showed my date and he swiftly decided we were leaving. By this time, we'd both enjoyed some sips of our drinks and our food had just been delivered and he was waiting on some butter for his pancakes. I was a little reluctant to leave because I was just so hungry.But you can't give business to an establishment when there is a bug on your plate.We showed the waitress who apologized and discarded my plate, however when they noticed we were leaving, they said have a great day! I mean, I don't know what else they could've said. It's not like we would've accepted a voucher to return or something because we wouldn't. But it's not the waitresses' fault, whoever prepared the fruit should've rinsed it, problem averted. I'm sure it's a nice place, however I had a bad experience so it's doomsday. They won't lose sleep over it, I wouldn't have been a regular anyway
1	A heaping scoop of cold mashed potatoes slathered with LAME sauce is how I would classify this dinner!I've read some of the other reviews on this particular establishment, and will agree with the one that says that businesses sometimes have bad days.  It would appear that this business is having more than their fair share these days.There were 5 of us, including one fairly easy to please 10 year old.  First it took the server the better part of a half an hour to acknowledge that we were sitting on the patio in high 80 degree weather with no beverages.... IN THE DESERT!!!  C'mon.  Once we ordered I just assumed that everything would remedy itself.  It was only the beginning.When the food was delivered (along with the appetizer that we ordered) it was cold and not even close to what we ordered.  Picture it... a "hot" roast beef open faced sandwich, which I asked for a substitution of french fries for the mashed potatoes (not a major request) and the bread was cold and soggy because it sat in the window forever.  When I asked to have it made to it's menu specifications AKA HOT, they took it back and threw it in the microwave and returned the plate to me as I sent it back to the kitchen.  How do I know that?  Well, you know what happens when you put bread in the microwave?  It's gets hard and stale, a texture that once you experience you won't soon forget.When we told the waitress that "tonight isn't a good night for us here I guess".  Her response was "It is for me too".  Server Rule #1 - NEVER MAKE YOUR PROBLEM, THEIR PROBLEM!Enter the "Manager".  I do have to give points for the manager standing in front of us and taking her lumps.  I have to take away points for never making an offer to take anything off the bill.  You have to remember that I sent my food back and declined an offer for anything else.If any of the restaurant staff reads this review, please take one thing away from it... You can work wonders by L-I-S-T-E-N-I-N-G and NOT MAKING EXCUSES!!  If the kitchen truly was the problem, they needed to step it up!!  If the waitress couldn't handle the number of people she was waiting on, you should have replaced her or reduced her section.  I only say this because we noted that she was waiting on a huge party of 15 people, us and several others (and I don't think she was experienced enough to even handle two tables).Ready for dessert?  One of the waitresses was wearing a cute black skirt uniform dress.  Apparently she was having issues with her shoes or socks because she bent over to readjust them.  I bet you know what's coming next.... What's rule #1 when wearing a skirt ladies??  Don't bend over in your skirt when your standing three steps above the people below you, because they will surely see whatch-yo Mama gave ya!!In closing, do I think this was meant to be four star dining? NO.  Do I think that we deserved as much attention as anyone else there tonight? ABSOLUTELY.  Did we catch them on a bad night?  PROBABLY.  Will I go back and give them a second and final opportunity to improve upon this bad experience?  YOU BETCHYA!!Good luck here, and I hope your experience is better than ours was.
5	Very cool place Great food...Great Breakfast...just a nice place to hand out at night...Old school Diner....:)))
2	About the only thing I can eat is the potatoes.  That said, I've tried other there while "cheating" like their omelettes.  I am not impressed.  How can anyone be impressed with processed cheese and greasy gobs of hash browns???  ick.  Next time, I'm lobbying for Waffle House.  Plus, the last time I was there, I was recovering from surgery and in a wheelchair.  The person at the front taking names and seating people was downright rude.  Yes, she was young and ignorant, but she still acted badly.
1	Not only was the food mediocre, but the staff was slow, unknowledgeable and incompetent (although very nice, so sorry about that guys). First of all, I have celiac or in lamens terms, I can't eat anything with gluten (wheat, oats, rye, barley) in it. So here I am at this kinda cute (kinda dumpy) diner with my boyfriend and I ask to see the allergen menu. So they come out with a packet with like 8 point font after a about a long wait, lovely. Then, our server takes about 15 minutes to ask us what we want...I ordered my meal, and substituded mashed potatoes for a side in order to keep gluten free. Just to be sure however, I asked our server if the potatoes are freshly made, she said YES. Well, I eat one bite of mashed potatoes and minutes later I am sick. So I went to the front to ask somebody, and three of the staff members sit there and argue about wether or not the potatoes are fresh and the kitchen is literally RIGHT BEHIND THEM! Hello, just turn around and ask! Finally, as I'm about to puke (sorry if that's TMI) one of them says "there's our manager go ask her." Uh, rude. So I do and she informs me that they are in fact not freshly made, they come in a package and probably do contain wheat contrary to the gluten free menu. So of course, my boyfriend and I pack up our food really quick, I tell her they basically just poisoned me and her response was to pay at the front. Awesome. Needless to say I will not be going back there ever again. What can I say that's positive about this place...(honeslty I'm not typically a negative person!) Well, they do look 50's, I'm sure it would be great place to take kids, and although I have a bad taste in my mouth about them not giving a crap that I just ate something I'm basically allergic to, they are friendly. So there, hope you enjoyed a small ray of sunlight in this negative review...
3	They're food used to be excellent, now it's just good.  What made it excellent was the hashbrowns, they were these huge freshly cut pieces and were AMAZING!  The hashbrowns and the toast were the reason my wife and I kept coming back.  But recently they started using some packaged hashbrowns, and they're just awful.  Bring back the old hashbrowns!
4	Burgers are great (except for the turkey burger, that was pretty bad), waffles are great, pancakes are so-so at best.Easy and fun atmosphere.
4	This place is great, Always clean and busy. They work as a team to take care of their guest. We enjoy coming here, mostly early sunday mornings before the crowd truly hits. Have the sunday special! Trust me its a must have chipotle egg benedicts, also if you do a rewards card it will keep you coming back and you'll save a couple bucks. We only come for breakfast, so it will be interesting to try late night...I guess on Fridays they have like old historic cars come in and stuff...lol its a neat place. We dig it.. :)
4	Always am waited on right away and the food comes out fast. This place is ALWAYS open, so I give them props. I even came here and ate at 5am when I couldnt sleep and the servers were not grumpy at all like at other places. Decent food, cute atmosphere. They sometimes show old movies on a projector screen in the parking lot and you can bring your dog if you eat outside.
3	4 for service3 for food4 for being open 24 hours
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! open 24/7 great menu and amazing shakes!!!!!!!!!! love the theme always amazing service
5	Seriously, who can complain about 24hour milkshakes and a full menu?! Great service, even at all hours of the night! Ive been coming to this location for over 10yrs and its never a disappointment! After a long absence, my boyfriend and I stopped in the other night. Sahra (sp?) was awesome! Food came in a timely manner, even though it was packed and 2am in the morning!! Service great and food was excellent!! We got a bread pudding to go and left full and happy! Love this location!! Perfect for middle of the night munchies! And the service makes it worth the extra couple of bucks! And the drive! Tip accordingly people!!
3	A nice diner; better than Denny's.Can't go wrong.Good service service.
4	Always a good place. Customer service is top notch and they always check up on you even if you are sitting outside. It's a step up from Denny's to be sure. Around the same price too! This is the only 24 hr location that I know of.
3	i so badly want to like the 5 & Diner, since i live so close.  i like the car shows, and i LOVE that it is 24 hours (i dont understand why more places in phx arnt 24 hours, especially in the summer).  Anyway, my 2 complaints is that the food is ok, and the price is not ok.  I can take ok food if its cheap, but every time i go, the bill is always in the $15 dollar neighborhood after tip.  For one person.  So my advice is either better food or cheaper prices.....i mean, i can go to Dennys and get stuffed for under $10 bucks (with tip) and the food is much better.
2	Food - not so good.I've eaten here twice for breakfast.  The first time I got a basic eggs, potatoes, meat dish and it was okay.  The second time I got california eggs benedict - big mistake.  The Hollandaise sauce was disgusting, and did not look like Hollandaise.  It looked more like cheeze whiz.  I scraped it off.I wouldn't say run like the hills if you're hungry, but I also won't eat there again unless I have to.
5	Great menu and even better drinks! What else can I say just go and see
1	Terrible in that my overpriced grilled cheese had 2 small pieces of cheese.  The bread was showing in many places and it would not even stay together with the melted cheese!!  When I spoke to the manager she said she would have to tell the cooperate chef??  She offered to make me another one but I was not interested.  I told her that I felt like we had been short changed on it and she just said she was sorry.  The senior menu had it with ham for $5.99 - I told the waiter that I just wanted the regular grilled cheese and he said ok.  On the bill it was $6.99!!! for two pieces of bread and 2 small pieces of cheese! ... We will not return!!
3	The last time I ate here, the service so bad that I walked out. So here's my attempt to see if they got any better:FOOD: A-OK. Nothing special, but certainly not bad at all. I could see the kitchen from my booth, and let me tell you: The guys scrambling around in the tiny cook/prep area are cranking out the food! They move around like a blur. I rarely see such productivity any more. Thumbs up to the kitchen staff; you guys rock it out! SERVICE: Barely courteous. I think our server made eye contact once. The server was quick and attentive, which is probably more than you can expect, especially for a place like this. I will say this: The servers at this location take a lot of crap from the customers. I see and hear them too. In our server's defense we did arrive just as the Sunday church crowd was abating. I know how AWFUL the church crowd are. And I know they are usually terrible tippers. Our waiter was probably worn out by the time we got there. Will we be back? Maybe. I'm still in love with The Stand. But 5 & Diner isn't all that bad. We'll see.
3	Fulfills expectation of a diner. The reuben sandwich was pretty good. Onions rings were a little lukewarm but the fries were very fresh, hot and delicious. For a small kitchen, they really cranked out the food fast and the service was not bad.
5	Let me start by saying this place is 24 hours! Skip Denny's and go here, the food is soooo much better.I love their first Friday's every month with live rockabilly, or country, or 50's era inspired bands. There is such a mix of ages there dancing and hula hooping it is a blast! My daughter is 5 and loves going to listen to the music, dance, and hula hoop. People drive their classic cars out, I've even seen a vintage trailer there. (The Scottsdale location does this on the 3rd Friday of the month too.) The staff here is always super nice and friendly. I have always had the best service. For a date night try splitting the turkey club sandwich (this sandwich is huge btw) and a milkshake, it will fill you both up and only cost you about $15! For the kids they are served their meal in a cool classic car (my daughter has started to collect them she likes them so much).
4	I have a couple of quirky friends I meet up with once a month or so, and we just have so much fun.  I wanted a diner waffle and sausage this time, along with coffee, and it really hit the spot.  The wait staff is friendly and the food is reasonable priced...this is by no means a fine dining establishment but it's pretty hard to screw up the basics!  Definitely on the regular rotation!
5	I am from NJ and have been going here for years. Now I actually live across the street from here and still eat here a lot. I also like the Denny's nearby and alternate my visits. 5 and Diner is nostalgia but if the food was bad, I would not go. It is diner food, not for dieters unless you order only salads. I have not had a bad meal here; breakfasts 24 hours are great, specials and dinners always hit the spot. The Reubens are great, meatloaf and chicken dishes. Even the Cobb salad was good. The staff is always very cheerful, friendly and most helpful. I did research on 5 and Diner and note, 5 and Diner is now owned by a former franchisee in Massachusetts who bought out everything, LPM Holding Co. The owners have over 35 years in the restaurant and other businesses so it can only improve. There are 5 and Diners in 9 states now.
5	Great atmosphere, good food and its 24 hours
5	Lauren knows us so well. Every time were in here, she always help us. She literally ordered our food without us saying anything!!She is great :)))) she's so friendly and full of energy, love her personality We always get the vegetarian omelet. Yumm. I love this place.  Of course only at 1230 in the morning. :)
3	Ruben sandwich was boring. Very light on meat. Chicken pot pie was very good. Nice flaky homemade crust. Fast, friendly service.
4	Good food. Excellent service. Little pricey for the quality, but the atmosphere totally makes up for that. Be prepared to share a meal. Huge servings!
5	LOVE 5 & Diner. Especially this one! Great food, staff, and atmosphere. They were very accommodating when we had a group of 15 for my Daughters birthday. Looking foward to going back!
5	This place is awesome! Ordered the Garlic Shroom Burger w kettle chips. She had the Reuben w coleslaw. We had a side of chili cheese fries. Yum!
1	Today is the last time I will ever order steak and eggs at the 5 & Diner.  This is the third time in a row where the steak just sucked.  Not even eatable.  The server (Carlos) is nice and does what he can but it's not enough.  Carlos told me he tells his boss but nothing changes.  Well now I'm telling whoever runs that place that your breakfast steak is not worth serving let along to pay $12 for it.  Unfortunately you will never have a chance to get me back even if you solve the problem.
5	We were just in there again today and it was better than ever!  We had a burger, fries and chocolate shake.  The burger was cooked the way we wanted and everything was excellent. We've been going in there for years and it just keeps getting better.
5	Great place to eat and the service is unbelievable. My wife and son live to eat here. The bugers are awesome. Everybody should have burgers and fries for breakfast
3	The service is excellent. The waitresses couldn't be any nicer. The look of the place is cool/vintage, and I hear it's the original 5 & Diner. However, the cheeseburger I ordered was soggy and the sweet potato fries were burned. As neat as this place is, I just didn't feel these items were worth the cost. Maybe next time I'll leave feeling impressed.
5	I come here a lot with my best friends. We always order the Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla. There was a bump were sometimes the cook lacked buffalo sauce, but when we brought it up to attention, it never happened again. We never once had a problem with the service, the servers are always in a good mood. Kudos to the manager. This place takes care of their loyal's.
5	Great place to take the kids for a treat. A zillion kind of milkshakes :) I love the deep fried pickles and the sliders are good too. Great place for a burger and to look at memorabilia.
1	Wow!  Makes Denny's like like it deserves 5 stars.Maybe I'm a food snob, but this was some of the worst breakfast food I've ever had.  I ordered an Eggs Benedict, and the sauce over it was frankly inedible.  My wife's special scramble was equally bad.My 7 year old son did like his kid's meal.This place has two things going for it:  an incredible nostalgic setting/rooms, and good to great service.  Both of those are 5 stars.But if the food is terrible... it's hard to outweigh them.  It really was a soft underhanded pitch I made to them... all they had to do was deliver food in the ballpark of Denny's and I would have been happy as a clam.  But they didn't, and I won't be back.  Damn shame.
5	Very fun little place!  A real diner a large step above a "Denny's" type diner.  I had a cookies and cream shake that was delicious (I love when they give you the metal tin with the "left overs" that don't fit in the glass).  Sourdough French toast with just the right amount of cinnamon really hit the spot.  Very friendly waitress made us laugh.  Can't ask for anything more, the outdoor seating was fun and the inside was decorated very fun with records and classic car pictures, etc.
4	Regular 50's diner. The food is good and the service is usually good. Small place. Only neg is if your in a wheelchair- you're sitting outside.
2	So dirty!!! Hair in our food three visits in a row and everything you order is saturated and butter or oil. No thank you! Especially not with Snooze, Luci's  and Daily Dose so close. Time to revamp!!
4	I haven't reviewed this place yet?  My mistake.  Looks like I wrote a tip back around September of 2011, only to ignore this place until now.This ain't gourmet dining, but everything from the hot dogs to the french toast is comfort food, 24/7.  Every time I go here, it's just plain fun.After a night of dancing at one of the clubs downtown, there's usually two choices for wee morning hour eats--Jenny's and here.  This place is more original and cool, and there are more food choices available.  You know, you've been boppin' your body to beats for hours, you're like a zombie, but you're still hungry.  This is the perfect place.  They'll have a seat for you ready.
1	About 3 weeks ago, I had breakfast at 5&Diner with a colleague, we rarely have a day off together.  It was perfect.  PERFECT!  3 eggs, over medium, and I mean they were perfectly cooked "medium", best hashed browns I've had since the Aristocrat in Boulder, awesome!Went back two weeks ago, ordered the same the same menu; the food came up so quickly, it had to have been just sitting there, an overcook, whatever, it wasn't "fresh".  I know this much for sure: it wasn't nearly as good as the first visit.Today, a late breakfast, I enter about 10:55am and I get the last table.  Now, I've been in the restaurant business and when the hostess fucking apologizes to the waitress for sitting the single patron at the last table, I'm already a little pissed.I tell the server I heard that comment and "...I'll TRY to be a good little patron", kiss my ass.  I order right away, so probably close to 11:00am.  At 11:36, I give her a HUGE EYE-ROLL, "where is my food" and she say's she'll check.    She'll check?[I want to take a moment to talk about CONSISTENCY.  If a restaurant is so prompt so as to have served me almost instantly on my prior visit, you cannot justify a 36-minute PLUS wait for any reason.  More on the "reason" why the order was so late in a moment]I said, "no thank you.  Allow me to pay for the coffee and OJ and I'll be on my way".  The server was nice, mgt said no chg for the beverages -- thank you and there shouldn't have been a chg -- I even said to her, "It's not your fault.  I have no cash, I'll come back with a tip."  Which I would have done had she not said, "...it was the 'extra crispy' on the hashed browns."  In other words, my order was 20 minutes late because I wanted extra crispy hashed browns.  BALDERDASH!  THAT'S B.SLast, TOO MANY FLIES!  GET A PEST-STRIP. SOMETHING!I'll never come back.  Ever.
3	What a throw back to the 50's! Breakfast, lunch, and dinner always avail 24 hours a day. I like this place very much. The decor takes you back to the 50's with its table top jukeboxes.  The menu is large anything from breakfast to salads, burgers, and good chicken fried steak. You can also try one of their old fashion milk shakes. The service is always good never had a bad day here. They have whatever you want anytime of day you would like it. If you happen to be their in the morning ask for becky. She always singing a tune.
3	I had been here years ago and just loved every thing about this place!  Went back recently and was disappointed to see what a totally standard diner it is. The food is good but limited selection and not an easy place to eat healthy.
3	Been going here since i started visiting Phx and now that i live here, it is a good 24 hour joint for breakfast. Nice way of turning a trailer into a venue! You can't mess up omelets. The price is decent and there are plenty of booths and out door seating. Decently priced and fills the belly. Try it!
3	It's been awhile since I've been to this location.. came here all the time when a teenager..The staff here are very friendly, great service and clean.The food however was not up to my memory.I ordered a burger and while cooked properly, it lacked flavor.The fries would have been good if they had left off the seasoning salt.But worst of all.. they seem to be having an afterschool program of somesort. That's kewl and all but they had children bouncing around, and one was even screaming. They need to have someone in charge if kids are goin to be there during business hours.
5	Always consistent food. The waitresses are always friendly and right on top of things.
5	Had an amazing experience at this dinner at midnight last night!We came in absolutely exhausted after working a 14 hour day. Our waitress was so kind and patient with us! We were tired to the point of having a hard time choosing what to eat :) not only did she spend time helping us, she helped me customize a meal to fit my preferences. She was sweet and the food was amazing!I had a breakfast skillet. To say the least- I licked the plate clean it was so good!!! Everything was efficient, delicious, and felt like home.Definitely recommend it!
5	Now that's more like I remember..I ordered the philly cheesesteak and fries today.It was juicy and flavor filled, they didn't skimp on the grilled peppers and onions. My plate was overflowing with food between the sandwich and the fries.And unlike other places, when I requested a LG ranch dressing, that's exactly what I got .. without an extra charge.The service was excellent.. quick and friendly..Overall.. it was a very good lunch and I will be back..
4	This is our go-to Saturday morning breakfast joint.  It is a very fun atmosphere with the 50's style booths, jukeboxes, and poodle-skirt wearing staff.  The staff is extremely friendly and they always seat us in a booth with some extra room for our baby car seat.  They serve great-tasting breakfast and a LOT of it at a reasonable price.I only gave 4 stars because I don't particularly like this place for lunch or dinner.  The lunch and dinner menu is a bit too greasy and fattening for my taste so I will stick with breakfast.
4	This 50s diner is easily my favourite breakfast spot in the area. I can't really speak about the non-breakfast offerings, as I always get breakfast here.  Totally reasonable prices, and good food.
1	Yuck.  The "steamed vegetables" were from a frozen medley. The taste of the food was off.  My son's shake wasn't blended all the way. The bathroom smells and the jukebox numbers don't play the right songs that you pick.  There were rips in the booth upholstery.  I will never come back here again.
1	The place is dirty. The table I got wasn't fully cleaned. There was trash from the previous people that sat there. The jukebox was really dirty and didn't even work. The bathrooms needed to be cleaned. They kept other tables dirty with the plates until a new customer needed a seat. I won't be going back to this 5 & Diner.
4	A New Year's Eve hot chocolate hunt brought myself and two friends here around 2am.Although the place was pretty busy, we were seated almost immediately in a booth. It was only after being seated that I really got to take in the decor; total 1950's tin can diner from soup to nuts. The waitresses looked like they had just stepped out of Grease, there was a counter lined with stationary stools behind which you could see the cooks working away, and every booth had a mini jukebox where you could enter in songs that would play over the sound system. I loved it! Even more than that, our waitress was exceptionally attentive.We got our orders put in not two minutes after being seated - two hot chocolates, a sprite, one Marilyn's Bread Pudding, and one Waffle Wonder. Our drinks came out first; my friend and I who each ordered the hot chocolate were at first delighted at how much whipped cream topped them off, but were quickly disappointed to find that the chocolate itself seemed to be made with water instead of milk. :(Shortly after our beverages came our desserts. The bread pudding was devoured and got my bread pudding loving friend's seal of approval. The Waffle Wonder was shared, and as someone who doesn't like usually like sweet on sweet desserts I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it! The fudge, caramel, and whipped cream were straight out of my childhood, the fat scoop of vanilla ice cream was melting lusciouslly into the warm waffle, and the cinnamon was the perfect bit of spice.Our waitress made sure to ask us if everything tasted okay a few minutes after dropping off our plates, and was right on time with the check once we finished. My short and sweet visit to this 5 and Diner was one of the most seamless experiences I had in Arizona. :)
5	Great atmosphere, really a fun authentic experience at this place. It's all nostalgia and I was very impressed with how the waitresses were dressed. It made the whole experience into an "experience".
