3	I was excited to see that they were opening a Five Guys that was closer to where I lived because I have heard so many good things about this place. This location just opened up a few days ago. Today I was in the area and decided to try it out for lunch. When I walked in, all the friendly employees immediately greeted me. When it was my turn to order, the cashier asked me if this was my very first visit, and took a minute to explain the menu to me. This is what I learned:-The regular burgers have 2 beef patties-The little burgers have 1 beef patty-Toppings are free, you pick which ones you want-They also have hot dogs and grilled cheese sandwiches-They don't have any combo meals, so you just order everything separately-They offer free peanuts-They pack your food in a brown paper bag, regardless of whether you are eating in or taking it to goI ordered:-Little Cheeseburger (with lettuce and ketchup): nothing wrong with the beef patty, it was pretty juicy and tasty. The problem was the bun. It was waaaay too soggy, to the point where eating the burger was not enjoyable. I guess I just prefer grilled bread, or slightly crispy buns, like how they do it at In-N-Out.-Regular Fries (Five Guys style): nothing special. Most of it was soggy, so I only ate a few and had to throw the rest away. I do have to say that this place is very clean. I think I saw three employees wiping down the tables, the windows, and sweeping the floor while I was waiting for my food. I'm glad I got to try this place. But unfortunately, I wasn't impressed and feel it is over hyped. If I ever come back, I would probably try one of their hot dogs. I'll stick to In-N-Out and Smashburger.
4	I am so excited to see 5 Guys move into the southwest valley, have been a fan for some time now and I hate driving on Eastern Ave to get a great burger and some amazing fries (Cajun of course).Without doubt the burger was great, as it always is with every store I have visited throughout the US. Just about as good as burgers get and possible even better than I make at home.The fries really disappointed me on this visit though. They were harder than usual, even though I know they were fresh. I am going to chalk this one up to being open less than a week, maybe the fry guy was just not up to par yet.Today it gets 4 stars, but I will no doubt be back again and I am confident their growing pains will ebb and my fries will, once again, return to their usual greatness.
4	Oh happy happy joy joy!  I recently experienced this luscious burger chain while visiting NYC a couple of weeks back and have been craving their burgers ever since. So happy to have one so close to my side of town I could just pee with excitement!!  Headed there right now. All is now right with the world.
4	Most fast food places have introduced a pricier, fancier burger to their menu. McDonalds has the Angus Burger. Carl's Jr. has the Six Dollar Burger. They cost between $4 and $5 and include some fancy ingredients and maybe a bigger patty to help satisfy the more discriminating fast food connoisseur. But if you spend just $1 more at Five Guys, you'll get so much more burger. Much much more. The basic burger starts at $5.19, but you'll get two meat patties, along with your choice of condiments. You can also get grilled onions and mushrooms at no charge (hey, mushrooms aren't cheap). Definitely a huge step up from fast food, for just $1 more. You can probably find that underneath your seat cushions. If you wanted to keep your bill below $6, you probably won't be able to get their fries, but you can have a side of peanuts for free. Probably better for you, too. Taste-wise, the burger is most similar to Fuddrucker's, except $2-$4 cheaper.
3	I was a Five Guys virgin. First thing about this place - Noisy. I practically yelled my order to the girl and they still got it wrong. Staff was friendly though and I did not send my order back.The burger was good. Cheese melted nicely, meat was juicy and flavorful, bun soft (sesame seed style). I had jalapenos on mine and while they weren't really spicy, they were fresh and tasted good.Fries were ok, skin on, not crispy so much but good potato flavor, still much better than In n Out fries in my opinion. Still prefer my fries crispier though.Over all, my West coast roots prevail and I still prefer In n Out burgers
5	Expensive, but worth it. Plain and simple... Damn good burgers. The best in town.
3	At first I was skeptical of Five Guys... and then I tried one while vacationing in San Diego and I was impressed with the flavor of the burger. I noticed the West Flamingo location of Five Guys was open when I was in the area last week, so a coworker an I decided to try a couple burgers to go for lunch Monday afternoon.I went with the little cheese burger... which isn't really THAT little and when you add on a bunch of toppings, it's even bigger. I got mine with ketchup, mustard, lettuce, tomato, and grilled mushrooms... And it was messy messy messy. My advice is to eat it there, these don't seem to travel well.  The bun on mine was getting soggy from the juices.  We split an order of the regular friends. While plentiful, were nothing special. Overall, it was an a-ok burger. I think if I had eaten there, I would have given this location 4 stars but I just can't say I am a fan of soggy buns.
3	I really like the options for toppings on the burgers, but skip the fries.  The burgers have great flavor...I love the bacon, mushrooms, green peppers and barbecue sauce!  The fries taste like mush.  Yeah, a little more pricey then some other burger joints, but it was good.  Don't forget that the regular burger has two patties....this may be a surprise if you haven't been here before.  I would stop by again, if/when in the area.
3	I was really excited about this place and because I love all types of french fries, I figured I would like these, too.  Skin on fries are my favorite.  But these were just soggy.  And the cajun seasoning was surprisingly bland.  I didn't realize that a regular cheeseburger was two patties.  So it was way too much food for me.  The bun got pretty soggy.  But I liked the burger and the unlimited toppings.  I would recommend getting the Little Hamburger or Little Cheeseburger and less toppings in order to preserve the bun.  Or just eat it with a knife and fork.I agree with the other reviewers that the restaurant was super noisy. Not sure where the noise was coming from because it wasn't crowded. But the staff was super friendly.  The unlimited peanuts was a nice touch although the warnings all over the store about peanut allergies and not giving them to kids made it seem like it wasn't worth it for the business to offer them.Like  most food, I guess it depends what you've grown up with. If you've grown up with In-N-Out, like me, this place may not cut it.
4	I'm a fan. This place isn't for everyone and, no, it isn't as good as In-N-Out. Don't come in expecting gourmet burgers because you won't get any. What you will get are standard burgers  -- the kind you get from a backyard barbeque -- that are prepared excellently with mostly fresh ingredients. It's more pricey than fast food places, but I'd choose 5 Guys over any of those other places any day.
5	Okay - I have been back three times since the first week, when the fries were less than extraordinary.Every time, since that first visit, the fries have gotten better and better.Moving it up to the 5 star rating it didn't get after the first week's visit....and the location is GREAT! Thank you 5 Guys.
4	Glad they opened up one on my side of town.  Parking is a bit of a hassle though during peak hours, but worth it.
3	The burgers are good, serving proportions are enormous. Peanuts  are a big plus since its free. The French fries has a twist especially the cajun fries, if you like your fries spicy then this is the fries to get. It's better than in & out burger.
4	For the record.... I order my burgers with meat & bun only... (I'm a weirdo) so I can't speak about the toppings even though there were many and the people I was with loved them all. I ordered a small burger, plain, and my bf and I split a small fry - which was more than enough for the both of us. The burger was very juicy and well-flavored. The fries were absolutely delicious! I loved the free peanuts and I thought the decor was pretty cool. It reminded me of a barn or a farmhouse. Everything was pretty reasonably priced and I was impressed overall. I would be willing to say it was every bit as good as In N Out although In N Out is far cheaper. My boyfriend said it was second best to The Habit - which Vegas doesn't have, so it looks like we'll be coming to Five Guys often.
3	I couldn't wait to give this place a try especially when they opened up on my side of town. When we walked in it was super busy ! I didn't think we were going to find a table. The menu is pretty basic "no frills" menu like In -N -Out . The only thing is Five Guy's serves Cajun Fries so we definitely wanted to try that out! They have a bin full of peanuts that you can snack on while you wait for your meal. The decor is Red and White just like In -n -Out but this restaurant had more seating. I get my burger pretty fast so I took a bite and thought "Really ? Is this what all the hype was about ?" Then I thought maybe it's all about the fries ...it wasn't . The fries were soggy and salty but their large size is enough to feed 3 people! I think I may not have liked the burger because they cook everything here well done. It's great if you don't like bloody meat like my hubby. I gravitate towards meat that is a little more rare so I wasn't thrilled. The atmosphere isn't ideal for meeting up with Friends for long periods of time. The workers look for people who are done with their meal and they will clear your table quickly. It makes me feel like I have to go especially when there are so many people looking for a place to sit. The meal is over rated and overpriced. I've had practically the same meal at In- N -Out for like $9.00 where here it was more like $18.00. I'm glad I tried it but it isn't something I would go out of my way for.
4	Any place that can make me a made to order burger fresh and have it ready to stuff in my face in less than two shakes is a-ok in my book.  Five Guys Burgers and Fries has a wide open kitchen where you can see the hustle and bustle of your burger cooked from start to finish.  The crispy bacon is sitting in a HUGE basket ready to go.  (Aside, I'd love a bacon basket in my kitchen.)  The burger guy is grillin', flippin' and scrapin' non-stop.  The fry guy literally has 10 baskets going from prep to fry to rest.  We ordered "little" bacon cheeseburger with "everything," which means, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, ketchup and mustard.  Keep in mind "little" only means 1 beef patty vs. 2 for the regular burger.   We also shared ordered a regular sized order of CAJUN fries.  Always a fan of any cajun seasoning, we ordered those over the regular five guys fries.   As I watched them layer all the ingredients fresh and wrap it up, I hoped that they wouldn't let it sit too long and let things get soggy.  Soggy texture is not my favorite texture at all.  Happy me, they quickly packed up and delivered everything in a bag that we ripped open immediately to devour the food.The bite of all the fresh ingredients was fantastic, however, here are my two gripes:- I wish that they toasted the bun because I like my bread toasty and able to hold all the wet ingredients to the very last bite.- I wish that the fresh cut potato fries were extra crispy.  I think that being so thick and fresh they release too much moisture and end up limp and soggy.Conclusion:  I love that there are so many extra ingredients to add to your burger and the staff is super efficient in delivering the food.
5	Simply one of the best burgers you will ever experience. Any location is worth visiting. Noise is ridiculous, but the burgers are incomparable. If you liike truly savory cheeseburgers, this is THE place. Ever order made fresh and however you want it. The big name fast food places are good, this is spectacular!
4	Five Guys keeps it simple. Four kinds of burgers (hamburger, cheese burgers, bacon burgers or bacon cheeseburgers), three kinds of hot dogs (kosher, bacon or cheese and bacon-cheese), two kinds of fries (regular or Cajun) and free toppings (including mayo, relish, onions - grilled or raw - lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, ketchup, mustard, jalapeno peppers, green peppers, A1, barbecue sauce and hot sauce).The burgers are juicy and delicious, the bacon is cooked just right and the thick cut fries, although a tad greasy are some of the best I've had in any restaurant.The place is open, airy and teems with the sounds and smells of a popular burger hot spot. The only unusual aspect of Five Guys are the peanuts. They're free, but they don't seem to go with the image of bustling, neighborhood burger restaurant.One of the best affordable burgers in Vegas.
3	Best seasoned bag of fries in Las Vegas. But that's pretty much all this place have to offer for me. I love the free peanuts while waiting for my food. Just be sure to try to throw away your shells. Trust me, Arvin T. tested the theory of throwing shells on ground as adding to the decor. Embarrassingly failed. I never add sauce or fillers to my burgers but here I have to. The meat is super-well done hence dry. You definitely want to add BBQ sauce, or mayo, or something to your burger to make it better. If I had a choice, I'd go to In and Out for my burgers and Five Guys for my fries.
3	No doubt it's a good burger, but $20+ for me and the wife to eat burgers and fries?Sure you can throw unlimited toppings on your burger, but once you get 2 or 3 on there all you are accomplishing is creating a burger that you can't fit in your mouth. The hero of a great burger is the meat, right? You start tossing around multiple toppings all willy-nilly you end up with a burger that might have had a nice juicy patty of wonderful beefy goodness in there somewhere, you just can't remeber anymore.The large order of fries is definately large and enough to feed Kate, plus her eight, plus her douche-bag ex and still have some to take home. And while the cajun fries are tasty, they get a little old by the end of the bag.I am sure this sounds like a negative review, I promise, it's not. Just honest. I will be back. It's a good burger. I will refrain from comparing it to In-N-Out; apples and oranges as far as I am concerned. But I will say that if I am torn between 5 guys or In-N-Out, an animal style double double will win out every time.
4	If In n' Out and Fuddrockers had an affair, Five Guys would be the illegitimate child (children?).The red and white colors, and the uniform workers reminded me of In n Out. Building/ordering your own style burger reminds of Fudds.I usually don't like the make your own burger joints, because I like to try the unique burger styles of different places. You know, what they come up with. But my burger ended up great and still unique.Their main burgers come with two patties. I ordered the bacon Cheeseburger with grilled onions, mushrooms, mustard and BBQ sauce, and it came out mighty tasty. They also take great pride in their fries. I'm not a big fry guy, but they did seem good. They have bags of potatos all over the floor. And they tell you where in Idaho they come from. The place seems pretty trendy. It was packed when we went.
5	Definitely in the same league as Fuddrucker's & In & OUT.  No frills, but basic menu and a staff which provides A+ customer service.Cool peanuts you serve yourself and crack right at your table while waiting for your burger.Priced somewhere between In & Out and Fuddrucker's.  Not as fancy as Fudd's but the buerger you get is every bit as juicy.5 stars and will be BACK.
5	Five Guys FTW!!  This place is pretty amaaaa-ZING! We usually get the bacon cheeseburger (I order the "little" since two patties on the "regular" would be too much for me).  I love the FREE toppings you get which include grilled mushrooms and onions.  I always  order mine with extra mushrooms as I am a mushroom feign.  They also pile on the bacon which is awesome since most places gimp you on that.  Their bacon cheese dog is also delicious.  I just wish they had sport peppers.  Oh well, you can't win them all.  Their cajun fries are also a must!  I'm not a big french fry fan (especially the thick cut kind), but the fries here are to die for!  The cajun fries are extra addicting (which is probably why they have such generous portions).  This place does not fail to disappoint and has grown to be our go-to place for burgers.
2	2 stars for fast and friendly service. Other than that imagine a burger from wendys for double the price. And super salty peanuts. Oh and fries are better at wendys. For these prices check out lbs a burger joint inside of red rock. Waaayyyyyy betterr!
4	My coworker and I were eagerly waiting for this place to open.. Finally, made our way here, a change from our usual 'go-to' burger spot at Gorden Biersch. First thing I noticed were sacks of potatoes, complimentary peanuts and some bright pink red patties cookin' behind the counter.. Double Cheeseburger: Got it with mayo, lettuce and tomato. Not the most architecturally constructed burger but not nearly as sloppy as a Tommy's Burgers either. This thing hit the right notes for me! In regards to the the patty itself, it was Absolutely packed with that great burger taste! I liked it better than Smashburger (smashburger's slightly over salted for my taste) and I'd probably take this over In-N-Out, 7/10 times (don't get me wrong, in n out is awesome).. I did notice the bottom bun starting to sponge in some of the juices from the patty but it didn't bother me much.French Fries: Large was more than enough for 2. Their fries were fried more over done than the usual and with skin-on. I liked them, and the thought of them utilizing fresh potatoes may have mentally helped..Service typical. Ambiance was cool and interesting with all the peanuts shells scattered on the floor surrounded by potato sacks. Value was fair for quantity But I thinkt the quality of the Burger makes up for it!
4	I love the french fries. The burgers are ok. My dad likes the hot dog.
4	I've been wanting to try Five Guys since I saw them move in downstairs to my optometrist office. My in-laws treated the E. Clan to lunch here this past weekend and I got to try the bacon cheeseburger with almost everything on it (excluded mushrooms & mustard).When I unwrapped the bacon cheeseburger, it was picture perfect. In fact, I can say that it was probably the most immaculately made burger I have received from a fast-food place; everything was perfectly stacked with nothing falling out and displayed flawless burger proportions. The regulars as you've heard by now, have two patties. Now, I'm not big on two patties from places like In-n-Out because I just think the meat:veggie ratio is a bit carnivorous for my taste-buds, but Five Guys manage to pile on the veggies and make the two patty'd regular more welcoming. Everything was fresh, the meat is quality, and the bacon was so crispy!Tips:Due to the size of these massive burgers, they get messy and soggy fast so shove your face quickly, but keep it classy.Make your fries Cajun! They have a great kick.They have a veggie burger & grilled cheese for vegetarians.
4	I really like Five Guys Burgers. A few of my friends were underwhelmed by the burgers/prices/whatever, but I'm definitely a fan. It seems that people constantly draw comparisons to In-N-Out (and I get why), but the burgers are a lot bigger here and there are so many toppings to choose from; it just isn't the same thing.Pros: Gigantic Burgers! I got a bacon cheeseburger (with 2 patties, which is the default size) with jalapenos, onions, lettuce, tomato, and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember. This thing was about 5 inches tall and weighed like 20lbs*. Fresh Jalapenos!! This is a big one for me. It's very, very rare that any place uses fresh jalapenos as a topping. It's always the slices that come in a jar soaking in vinegar and are dark green and not spicy. Those are good on nachos. You know what's better on nachos? Fresh jalapenos! They're better on everything, and Five Guys recognizes this. Well done, chaps! Peanuts while you wait! I don't really care for peanut, but the option is nice. You just grab a paper tray and fill it with some peanuts while you wait for your monster burger to be cooked.Flavor! As with the jalapenos, the other toppings are all fresh and delicious. The bun has a nice flavor to it, and the beef tastes great. I like my burgers medium-rare, but these patties have a nice charred exterior and taste great. Bacon!! I feel like I don't have to comment on this one. It's bacon.Cons:The bun. While it tastes great, it isn't really substantial enough for mammoth-sized burger duties. It's really soft, which unfortunately leads to the bottom bun getting overwhelmed with burger juices. About halfway through my burger I had messy hands and was essentially just holding on to the patty on the bottom. The top doesn't get as bad, but it still doesn't hold up. Toasting the bun would likely help, or even putting the lettuce on the bottom would prevent the bottom from getting soaked. The fries. I don't usually like fries, but I felt like I had to try these. A lot of people talk about how good the fries are, and it's in the name, so, why not? I didn't care for them at all. They do give you a lot, though, so if you like fries, you might like these. Five Guys is quickly becoming my favorite burger chain. With it's gigantic, flavorful burgers and it's fairly reasonable prices (I think the bacon double cheeseburger is like 6 bucks. Not bad for almost a day's worth of food), you can't really go wrong. *That's definitely an exaggeration, but it was hefty!
4	Living in Las Vegas, you hear a TON of people wanting to compare Five Guys with In-N-Out.  They are both of a higher standard than the normal fast food burger-joint.  My opinion?Burger = Still goes to In-N-Out.  That being said, Five Guys has a really tasty (and HUGE) burger.  Their standard burger is actually a double-burger.  One of my favorite toppings on a burger is grilled onions.  I don't know what they do differently, but theirs just don't have the same caramelized... "goodness" that In-N-Out has.  That being said, if you order a Bacon burger/cheeseburger you will get a LOT of bacon, and it is crispy and delicious.  The burger is a solid 7/10.And now, the reason you WANT to go to Five Guys...Fries = Five Guys by a MILE.  I "like" In-N-Out's fries.  They are a strong 5-6 out of 10 in my book.  The burgers are magical, the fries... eh.  I've had a LOT better.  Five Guys fries are the reason to eat there.  Not only are they delicious, but even with a small order, you get a TON of them.  They are fresh-cut (yes, I know In-N-Out's are as well, but it's a different cut with a different flavor) and seasoned just right.The fries will be the reason I go back, and I'll have a pretty-good burger with them while I'm at it.
3	A lot of people had hyped this place up - so my sister and I took it for a spin. I was not wowed. It literally was just okay. My best description for it would be a cross between In-N-Out and Fatburger. Reasons why: Burger tastes like a fatburger patty. Large in size and similar consistency, except they don't have the topping I normally put on a fatburger (fried egg). Fries are an attempt at being similar to In-N-Out but fail. Tasted more like potato skin than potato and were overcooked.On the plus side the place is bright, inviting, clean, and the workers are extremely helpful and polite.I think this is just a matter of taste buds - you're either an In-N-Out fan or a Five Guys fan and I'm just an In-N-Out fan.
4	Found a new junk food spot in the neighborhood. The 5 guys make a mean burger. I like the clean feel of the room with the bags of taters stacked around. Minus 1 star because the fries are just good, not great. With the fries being mentioned in the name of the restaurant, I expected great. Whatever though, I will still order them every time I come, and I will be coming here often.
4	Awesome stuff - especially the cajun fries!  Great service and fun atmosphere.
4	Burger selection is simple and easy to choose from.... Similar to In 'N Out and Smashburger, Five Guys has a bit more juicier taste to their burger, the fresh jalapenos and sauteed mushrooms I added really brought out the taste. I'll be going back here again.
4	The environment in here is hectic to say the least.  Buzzing with lots of families and yelling and screaming and such.  NOT the place for a peaceful lunch.  In a nutshell, (funny because they offer free peanuts) five guys in good.Now, the details....I like the fact that you specify exactly what you would like on your burger and it is all included in the price.  You don't get nickled and dimed for toppings and you don't have to stress over what comes in any mystery sauce and whether or not they will remember to leave it off.  You order at the counter and they ask what you would like for toppings. Nice.  Also, they are generous with toppings.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and I got lots of nice crispy bacon.  The beef patty is flavorful and mishapenly natural. This burger looks and tastes fresh.I dislike the fact that the burger is served well done.  I prefer a slightly bloody and pink center to really give you that beefy iron taste.They use American cheese and iceberg lettuce; these are poor substitutes for quality burger toppings.  The price is a bit high - $13 for a burger, fries, drink.  That said, the small fry could easily serve 3.  No joke! The bottom line is that five guys makes a good burger.  I have a few personal qualms but I'm confident most people would really like it.  It is definitely better than in n' out but below smashburger.
3	Been here twice but still don't know why people were raving about this place. Burgers here taste like any other burgers. Maybe there's a special sauce there that I don't know about? Overall, can't differentiate this burger from Burger King. Waste of money.
3	Daughter, Kathy, and I were in need of Lunch; and we wanted to stay in this area... Five Guys was the choice, since Kathy knew I had been taste-testing one-pound Burgers in Northern California... where I live.It was last Tuesday, a half hour before Noon, and there was no line at all at that time... Lucky, I guess.If you're into Burgers, the menu is divided between the Single-Pattie Burgers preceded by "Little" in the name... And the double-Pattie kind... about a buck fifty difference in general. Toppings are free... Mayo, Lettuce, Pickles, Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Grilled Mushrooms, Ketchup, Mustard, Relish, Onions, Jalapeno Peppers, A1 Steak Sauce, BBQ Sauce, and Hot Sauce.... whew! If you say "Everything" (or some synonym), you'll receive Mayo to Mustard piled on.Question to clerk... "What is your favorite Burger?" Answer... "I don't eat Burgers. I'm a Vegetarian." Five Guys must be paying this clerk well... to have a Vegetarian work at a despicable Hamburger Stand.Well... decided on the...Cheeseburger (** 1/2 $5.79) Toppings consisted of Extra Mayo, Onions, Lettuce, Tomato & Mustard.Everyone Brown-Bags it at Five Guys... everyone... including dine-in customers. My first impression after unwrapping the Cheeseburger was the thought that this tastes like something familiar... couldn't come to a definite conclusion. But the general impression... nothing that would knock your socks off... in essence, Just a Burger! And an expensive one at that... especially with the Fries as an additional purchase! (See similar double-pattie from Burger King called a Buck Double...)Regular Cajun Style Fries (** $2.89) if it weren't for the fact that the Fries came out cool and over-cooked.. this would be a pretty good pile of Fries... especially with the sprinkled Cajun Spice Powder. As you all know... once the Fries get cool... they also get clumpy.... and you have to eat them faster, faster and faster before they get COLD!Question to audience... Does Five Guys deliberately throw the Fries into the Brown Bag? Seems like it...Regular Fountain Drink $1.99 x 2Kathy' order...Bacon Cheese Dog (*** $4.99) No further comment by Kathy...With all these raving positive comments plastered all over the wall, I expected more... a lot more. At the end of the meal... I figured out what a Five Guys Burger tastes like... a McDonald's Big Mac! How disappointing!
2	Blah.I've definitely experienced better.My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger "all the way," meaning that it has all the toppings. I ordered a hamburger with mushrooms and grilled onions (boring, I know). We also got seasoned fries to share and two fountain drinks. We spent almost $30 on two burgers, seasoned fries, and two drinks. Honestly, I wouldn't mind spending that much or even more if this was some fancy burger joint, but it wasn't. There were piles of peanuts everywhere, fries in cups, and burgers wrapped in foil. All they need now is a ringmaster and an elephant to justify the pricing. Our food came out within 7 minutes or so. We ripped open the fries bag for easy access and the first thing I noticed when picking out my first fry was that they were all pretty soggy. Don't get me wrong, I used to love soggy fries as a child,  but nowadays my boyfriend and I both like our fries nice and crisp, which is not what we had here. The burgers were in the same state as the fries. I understand that they're known for wrapping their burgers in foil, but c'mon, that just makes them all sweaty and soggy. Since my boyfriend got everything on his burger, the bottom was soaked in sauce and not in the delicious Carl's Jr. lookin' way. He said it was okay, but didn't end up finishing it. Mine on the other hand wasn't drenched in sauce, BUT it did look like someone wrapped it in foil and b*tch slapped it. It was all round except for one side that was flat. How does that even happen between the time they finish making it and giving it to us? The mushrooms were all droopy an didn't exactly look fresh. I finished my burger, but I was not satisfied. It was just boring. I could've gotten a better tasting burger for much cheaper at many other places in town.
3	The burger was good. The fries were ok. No one comes close to Nathan's fries. It is kind of pricey. You do get a lot of food for the money. It is very noisy. Not sure I would make a special trip to go back.
4	Yummy! Ate here on the east coast, so glad they brought it out west! I love how you can customize your toppings for no additional cost, it's a very meaty burger though. Fries are so so but the burger is worth trying.
5	This is the best burger I've had for under $10.I think In N Out is one of the most overrated things in life.  I don't get it!  My wife loves it and could eat there twice a week no problem and I've had my fair share of bites.  I just don't see what the hype is about.  No doubt the price is better along with their fries but I'm not coming here for that.In my world, a great burger always has a ton of toppings and ordering your burger "all the way" is the only way to go.  These patties are super juicy and taste fantastic.  I also love the melty, oozy greatness of the cheese is put in between the 2 patties.  On a side note, the soda fountain machine is tremendous.  It's truly straight out of a Jetsons (automatically dating myself bigtime!) episode.  I've never had that many choices for beverages at a burger joint with quite a few flavors I've never seen like raspberry diet coke.  Now I have 2 unhealthy vices that I might have to indulge in once a month.  This and Nothing Bundt Cakes!
3	I had to try this place because of all the hype!  I'm a fan of  In-n-Out but I've never cared much for their fries.  I heard awesome things about Five Guys fries so I went with the Cajun seasoning.  I was not a fan.  To me it was too much and I will try them plain next time.  They do give you more then enough for two people though.  The burger was a basic, good burger and I like that I can customize it.  I think their prices are a little high and I prefer the combo option at In-n-Out and a drive thru!
5	Move over In-N-Out!  Five Guys gets 5 stars from me!  Numerous toppings to select from and a great "classic cheesybugery flavor" that sticks to your ribs.  You have  to pay a little more for cheese and/or bacon, but all of their burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches come with the option to add up to 15 different toppings at no additional charge.  Mmmm...I love the grilled onions & mushrooms option.  You know you've done some eating when you leave FGBF.  Have you ever had 2+ people in your party order the same thing (ie. cheeseburgers) with completely different toppings and then have them all tossed in the bag with no markings??  At FGBF they label each burger with a # that coordinates to the order in which your party placed their order.  I know it's a little thing, but it sooo delights me to not have to play musical burgers, trying to guess which one belongs to who.Have no fear if you decide to make a pit stop while hanging with your cool vegan friends; they offer Vegan Sandwiches, which I've heard are quite tasty.  I'm no newbie to Cajun Fries, as I'm originally from North Carolina, where I grew up eating Bojangle's Cajun Fries.  With that said, I did find FGBF a little overseasoned.  Next time I'm planning to ask if they can do lightly seasoned Cajun Fries, otherwise their regular fries are outstanding.  The wait isn't long, but they offer peanuts to snack on (if you're not allergic) as you complete the final stage of your "Get Some Beef in May Bellay" mission.  My favorite part is an often overlooked place to excel in the customer experience, the soda dispenser.  As I approached this fancy pants machine, I'm noticing all of these buttons!!  I press the Diet Coke button and then receive another (no less than) 6 options for flavored Diet Coke, ranging from cherry, cherry vanilla, vanilla, orange, lime, and one more.  They even offered all of these choices in the Caffeine Free Diet Coke variety as well.They don't have a Drive-Thru window, but they offer online ordering.
3	First thing that attracted my attention when I walked in were the giant bags  of potatoes everywhere. It's a cool thing to see, but kind of makes the place looks messy, in my opinion. But, no big deal. I had never been there before, so I wasn't really sure what to expect. It was a pleasant surprise that their toppings were free, especially since they offer grilled mushroom and onions. I ended up ordering the regular cheeseburger. What I wasn't expecting was that i was a double cheeseburger. You think they would put that somewhere, but maybe it was my bad for not asking what their portions were like. All in all, it was a good experience. Did it live up to all the hype that I heard about it? No. I think it would've been better had people not told me how much they liked it. I'd probably go back - if I'm in the neighborhood. I'm still a sucker for In N out though.
4	I'm almost certain that I will never eat at another burger joint. Simple, fun, tasty and inexpensive.  Perfectection
2	Don't believe the hype...  This place was all over the broadcast and print news when they first started opening in Vegas, so when I wanted a burger, I figured 'What the heck?'.  Well, as 'cool' as the interiors are, and as nice as the employees were, I have to say I was extremely disappointed.  Maybe it's a case of too much hype, since they have quotes from other city reporters and periodicals posted all over the place stating how they're the best burgers ever.  I don't know, it just seemed ordinary to me.  Not bad, but not worth trecking there if it's not on your way to somewhere else.Everything is served in brown paper bags, which is ok I guess.  Conserve water you'd waste washing trays, but kill more trees with paper bags?  I guess it's a tradeoff.  One cool thing I enjoyed was the boxes of peanuts everywhere, and you nosh on those while you wait for your order.Like I said, I wouldn't NOT go there, I just wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  I'll stick to IN-N-OUT.
3	I thought it was a tasty burger and the options were great. It's as if Five-guys has overheard me when I eat at in-n-out complaining about a lack of bacon and mushrooms! But it wasn't as if the burger was some reconceived concoction that redefined what a burger is or can and should be. So go here if you haven't and enjoy!
5	As a burger person, I was really hesitant about trying this place, even though most of the people I know have done nothing but rave about it . So far I've eaten there three times, and each is better than the last. Fantastic friendly service, phenomenal burgers, and their fries, oh, oh their fries. Anyone who thought that In-And-Out Burger was the pinnacle of fast food epicuriousness, prepare to be amazed. Everything from the free peanuts in bags located around the store, to their beautifully designed iPhone app is top notch. Just a great, relaxing, fun, enjoyable experience which makes you feel better walking out than walking in. If you haven't tried it, please just do yourself a favor and stop by for a quick bite. You'll be as addicted as the rest of us in no time.
3	The most memorable part of dining at Five Guys Burgers and Fries is the suped up soda machine.  It dispenses ice, and has a touch screen that let's you select amongst 121 drink options (sodas, sweet teas) and another four brewed teas.  Thank the Forerunners that the burger ordering process here does not involved that much overwhelming choices.As far as burgers go, it is a decent burger made with fresh ingredients. And the toppings are already included in the asking price, and you can customize your burger with as much or little of it as your heart desire.Taste wise, I still think In-n-Out is better. But it definitely beats out burgers served at your typical fast food joints.  Plus they do not have the flexibility of allowing you to customize your toppings as you would at a Five Guys Burger location.Grab the peanuts if you want, it is complimentary.  But the soda machine is my top reason for coming back.  Seriously, where was this machine when we were little and have friends that make drinks with every flavor sodas that comes out of the soda fountain???Decor/Ambiance:  4/5  Simple no frills fast food restaurant tables and chairs.  Brightly lit.Food:  3.5/5  No complaints, it is like burgers you get at a back yard BBQ, without the burnt patties or lighter fluid flavoring.  Solid but not gourmet.Value:  3.5/5  Costs more than other fast food, but uses better ingredients. You get what you pay for.Service:  4/5.  The cashier was great at describing what they serve making my first visit here as un-daunting as possible.Cleanliness:  4.5/5  The staff here keeps the place nice and clean, even during the dinner rush.  Good job!Parking:  4/5  Should not be an issue.Overall, I would rate Five Guys Burgers and Fries more than just A-Ok (3 stars) but not quite 4 stars.  Will be back though, especially to explore what else the soda machine is capable of serving up.Only thing missing, IMO are milk shakes.
3	Still pricey. Still a good burger. One cool change...the super slick new digital coke machine. There are about 40 sodas to choose from! Pretty fun. For example, if you select sprite zero, you can then choose raspberry, strawberry, peach, grape, cherry, classic and so on! Fun!Note to diners! I had forgotten.  The regular burger is really a double patty and the little is a single patty.  Another nice touch, five guys numbers your burgers along with your order on your receipt, so you don't have to dissect them to figure oput whos is whos.  Cool!
4	I have been here twice and in both cases, I had similar experiences.  The burgers are pretty good, though I would prefer one thick patty that can be cooked more rare.  The burgers are large and messy...both good things.  They seem to be especially proud of their fries, even posting where the potatoes come from.  I had cajun fries and they were tasty and plentiful, but in my opinion, kind of expensive.  Two other things I liked were the free peanuts and the awesome soda machine.
4	Really good food. It's just like in and out but it tastes more homemade, if that makes sense. They also have one of those new coke machines that has tons of flavors and syrups.Fries are thick cut which isn't quite my style but they were good. Overall, I'd eat here again.
5	I'll admit. I have a problem. Since my last review 3 months ago, I've made an embarrassingly high number of returns satisfying my craving for a bacon cheesebuger (two patties) and cajun fries. My check-ins don't even include all the times I've sent my husband or have been without my iPhone but I estimate about close to 20 return trips. The bacon in the burger is the bomb and there have been 2 occasions where it had been accidentally left out and we had to cry ourselves to sleep, but that doesn't stop us from coming back. I LOVE these burgers and their plethora of toppings. I get all the veggies + jalapenos + A1 & mayo. YUM!
4	Had a nice dinner with my husband on Saturday night. The restaurant was busy but not overly crowed which was a great surprise. Being our first time the cashier was helpful at explaining the menu. My husband decided he was in the mood for the double patty bacon cheese burger. I on the other hand chose the smaller cheese burger and added on the complimentary yummy mushrooms. We decided on a large order of Cajun Fries to share. My husband had yet to experience the fancy soda machine where he can create his own flavor beverage. I didn't believe he would be as impressed as I was the first time I tried, but he thought it was amazing and actually tried something new. I made cherry coke which was a-mazing!  The food was good. My husband commented that it was the best burger he had in quite some time, including in-and-out. The fries were tasting but the large was too large for the two of us. Perhaps snacking on the complimentary peanuts filled me up, but they were worth it. Overall I am sure we will be back there sooner rather then later.
3	It was okay..... I mean I was expecting more with all the hype.
1	This is the schwag of burger joints.I gave this place three tries, and it failed me all three times. I went during opening week and both the food and the service were really lacking. So I tried it again a month later and still bad. My third, and now final, visit was last week. The food is still horrendous and the service is still severely lacking.These are some of the greasiest fries I've ever had the misfortune of eating. You know it's bad when the paper bag they put them in is so soaked with grease that it's about to burst. I like a crisp rigid fry, the fries here are soggy and disgusting. The burgers are quite greasy and disgusting as well. I've come to the conclusion that they have a syringe in the kitchen and they just inject everything with salt and lard, then cook it in the grease from a pigs ass.And for how nasty the food is, it is priced entirely too high. Last week when I went the grease-ball burger sat in my stomach just churning and destroying my insides for a day. It truly felt like there were Five Guys standing inside my gut kicking everything in sight!
3	You know you got a restaurant problem when one thing that people mention about this place is the cool soda machine. I admit they do have some cool soda machine that shoot all kinds of drinks. Love their peanuts for free appetisers. But the experience when you dine in there is like dining in the zoo. The staff keep yelling " two at the door" as soon as they saw some people in the front door. "three at the door", "look two monkey", doesnt it makes you feel like you are in the zoo? The burger was so-so but I've gotta say, in n out is better although this joint apparently have won all kinds of awards. I would still probably come back just for to go order. Eat in, thats another issue!
3	went late last night. The place was totally empty. But the guys working were super friendly. I had the bacon cheese burger with grilled onions and mushrooms, plus the reg fry. The fries were gigantic, hot, and delicious. The burger was good, not great . The bun ok. Bacon amazing. So I guess the bacon and fries were the highlight. For the price I think I could find better. saying that I would still return
5	Better than In-and-Out. Better than FatBurger. Better than SmashBurger.  I promise. Fries - perfect. Burgers - perfect. Service - perfect.  ;-)
2	So what is all the hype?  Not much to say here.  High priced fast food without a drive thru.  HMMMM, red n white.... remind you of.... In n Out.... oh how orginal.  OK the food... its a burger.  Quality...ok its a burger, I would say not memorable.  Not award winning.  Its a burger.  Service, its counter take out, they got the order right.  I was a number in a line and no eye contact with the girl.  Would i go back, probably not, the parking sucked ... with a drive thru maybe, but for the hassle, its not worth the hassle.
4	I made my first trip to Five Guys last night, after friends told me it was better than Fuddruckers. That is a stretch - but then it's much less expensive. The fries (I had the Cajun) are the best I've had anywhere. The burger was very good, and the service was excellent. The employees are cheerful and attentive. From the bags of potatoes on the floor that greet you when you walk in the door, you know that you aren't at McDonald's. Five Guys is also one of the few places where the drink machines will add the flavor of your choice (several fruits, vanilla, etc.) to your favorite soft drink, or you can leave them out.
4	The concept is order the way you like it, simple yet smart, giving you options.  Is is unique?  It must be as they seem to be growing at a fast past, popping up all over Vegas valley.I like my burger grilled, with cheese and crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato, onions and some pickles.  I like mayo and ketchup, no mustard.  I'll say this place gives it to me just like I like.  The burger patty is consistently even in thickness, cooked well, and the burger is put together well.  I don't care for the fries, I think they over cook them, but I am not much of a "fry" eater.The lines can be long, the dinning room crowded, but it moves quickly.  If you like peanuts, you can pass the time shucking some, I usually get a handful, it's free!  the noise level can be deafening, as the staff are always yelling out and the makes everyone else raise their voices to compensate.  As for price, I think it's a little higher than most burger joints, but the burger is worth it.
5	We got a gift card as a xmas present (we just received it,lol)I came on a busy Friday night and expected a long wait-especially since you can order ahead online....well! There was no one in line ahead of me, just a few people waiting on their orders.I brought my daughter, who zoomed in on the boxes of peanuts and immediately poured a scoop for us. We bought one cup just to try the stellar soda machine; this thing is awesome, you choose on a touch screen which type of drink (coke products, lemonade, powered, etc.), then you choose a flavor for it. Most drinks have more than the usual cherry and vanilla options. We LOVED the peach sprite, tried vanilla root beer, and coke zero cherry/vanilla. Next time we'll try all the fanta flavors.By the time we finished sampling sodas, our order was ready!They have a simple menu-just bear in mind, the large burgers are two patties and the small burgers are one. The large fries fed our whole family of three,along with out burgers. We had cajun fries,which were amazing, of the "steak fry" variety. My burger was awesome, though I prefer In-n-outs just slightly over this one. They have a big assortment of topping at no extra charge and some option I forget the name, all in or something like that, that is pretty much the works.All in all I would definitely return alone, with family in tow, or with friends.
4	Love the menu, it's simple yet they offer a ton of toppings. Nowhere else in town can I get a to-go grilled cheese with whole grilled onion, grilled mushrooms, and a cool crisp tomato. The fries were delectable as well. 5 Guys staff was friendly and professional. The store was clean and neat.Note, the coke machine at this location offers hundreds of coke-syrup combinations in the dispenser, futuristic and so dang neat!!
3	My 2-patty burger, fries & coke set me back $12, about twice the cost at In-N-Out. There are no combo deals here, everything a la carte. Burger was tasty, fries not as good as In-N-Out, and Coke machine can make any flavor imaginable, but cherry syrup added to Coke is not the same as a Cherry Coke. They play good music here, but the seats are not that comfortable. Also have free peanuts here if u wanna sit around and crack shells, but i did not come here to be a peanut freak, I wanted to try the burger and fries.
4	I have been to this chain, different stores, several times. Never with my kids. Food and service were good. I wish that they had a menu that included kids items. Disappointing that I had to by a 20oz cup for my 4yr old. The burger was too big and neither of my kids finished it. I won't be returning with my kids. New style coke machine is a major plus... Otherwise, 3 stars.
5	Best "quick" burger out there!  Love the soft but minimal bun.  Burger reminds me of Burger King but good.
5	Linda provided us with excellent over the top service. I really appreciate employees that engage the customers and make customers feel appreciated, and welcome. Thank you Linda. The food was also excellent, and each of the employees at this location seem to be very customer friendly. Great quality meat in their burgers as well.
4	About time I've tried this place.So I walk in to the most unexpected sight. A crowded, noisy mess with giant bags of potatoes and boxes containing peanuts at the front door. I'm still confused over why there's so many peanuts, but moving on, I just get in line. The menu is fairly basic, which from my perspective is a good thing! Since I can be quite picky when it comes to burger toppings, it's very convenient for the burger to come plain and just let them know which toppings you would like afterward (at no extra charge). What can I say? I'm a mayonnaise hating machine who believes that putting cheeses like Swiss or Monterrey Jack on a burger is blasphemy, so it gets quite frustrating having to constantly explain that over and over again at other burger joints. I was a bit worried about the price. $12.08 for burgers, fries and a drink isn't expensive, but that's not exactly my idea of a deal either, not at a fast food restaurant at least. After finishing the meal however, I can say that it was totally worth it, even if it's something a poor college student can't eat on a regular basis. I ordered a regular cheeseburger with grilled onions, ketchup, mustard and lettuce. The thing was HUGE. I just loved how it was a double cheeseburger as well, even though the menu didn't say so. Hate to jump on the comparison bandwagon, but it really reminded me of In-N-Out, just much bigger, juicier, sesame seeds on the bun and no yummy special sauce. The part that most reminded me of In-N-Out was how when you get close to finishing the burger, the meat, cheese and toppings start to outweigh the bun. Still too soon to say which one I prefer though. The fries were also a surprise. I can be quite a weirdo when it comes to fries. As someone who can appreciate crispy fries and soggy fries, I was quite impressed with the balance of sogginess and crisp. They also overload you on them. They already come in a cup to begin with, and looking behind the counter, it appears the cup is just thrown in there which leads to the bag being overloaded with fries in addition to the cup. And this was the regular sized cup! There was enough of those things for two people.One thing I really had fun with is the soda fountain. It's futuristic in the sense that it works on a touchscreen which dispenses every drink through the same sprout, but old-fashioned in the sense of "syrup." Like those old-timey soda fountains you hear about, it offers several bases (such as Coca-Cola, Sprite, Mello Yello, etc...) that you can choose to make all sorts of concoctions from thanks to the flavored syrups (such as Peach, Orange, Cherry, Vanilla, etc...). Peach Sprite in particular is VERY good. As for the ambiance of the place? I can't say I cared for it. It was so ridiculously loud in there, you basically had to yell if you wanted to talk to someone. And in spite of the large space the restaurant is in it still felt a little bit too crowded. The Final Verdict:Pros:Big, juicy, delicious burgers.The "create-your-own" type menu.A tad steep, but totally worth it for what you get.Exceptional fries, of which you're given much more than enough of them.The out of the ordinary soda fountain. Cons:VERY noisy. Not the type of place to have any kind of meetup (which is what I was here for in the first place), that's for sure.Cramped layout of the restaurant. WTF?:What's with all of the peanuts?Suggestions: The kitchen should be semi-closed off from the rest of the restaurant. That would probably help out with the noise problem A LOT.Would I return? In spite of my gripe about how hectic the ambiance of the place feels, yes.
3	So of course there is kind of buzz that preceeded 5G's before they hit Vegas. And the opening business levels and through to now still seems pretty strong. Being as much a burger addict as anyone else I have been there a few times now. All-in-all, for me, it's a 3-star experience. They hang their hat on fresh ground beef and fresh potatoes for the fries (of which you get a huge amount of, even with the smallest size), much as In/Out does. Burgers are good but nothing extraordinary. I would have to place Fatburger easily ahead of them, and even In/Out which are much less costly. In the end I don't find it living up to its hype which is proudly displayed in numerous quotes and reviews all over there walls. For me, memerable food is the type I will pass similar establishments by when driving to get to. I would not make a decision to not got there as much as would not make one to go there. If it closest when the urge hit, so be it. 3 stars it is.
2	I went into Five Guys after hearing all of the hype surrounding it. I was very intrigued, and I love how Chick Fil A uses peanut oil to fry everything, so I figured it would be something like a beefy version of Chick Fil A. I ordered a little bacon cheeseburger with bbq sauce, grilled onions, jalapenos, lettuce, tomato alongside some Cajunfries. The burger was delicious. It was really juicy, and I loved how the crust of the meat was very crispy. The cheese was delicious as well. The jalapenos added a nice kick to the burger.The cajun fries were really bad though. They needed some salt, and they needed it badly. Otherwise, they were well seasoned, but I couldn't eat more than a couple of fries without feeling this immense dryness in my mouth. Another pet peeve is that they only have malt vinegar and ketchup for the fries. I tried the malt vinegar with the fries, and I thought it was disgusting. It didn't taste like malt vinegar to me. It tasted more like apple cider vinegar. Since I'm not a ketchup fan, I didn't end up eating a lot of the fries. You could really taste that they were fried in peanut oil by the way. It wasn't a positive or a negative; it was just very prevalent.Overall, I won't be coming back to 5 guys. I'm going to stick to In N Out and Smashburger.
3	I was driving down Flamingo Rd. on my way to do some errands when I spotted Five Guys out of the corner of my eye. I quickly veered my car into the shopping center's entrance like I was on "Fast and the Furious." I think I may even have drifted. I've been wanting to check this place out for a while and just kinda forgot about it since Smashburger was closer to me in location. I ordered fries, soda and a cheeseburger, all for around $10. The burger was yummy and not greasy, albeit small. I got it topped with mushrooms and fresh jalapenos which gave it a nice kick. The order of fries was huge and almost filled the entire paper bag of food. I like that they have the option of dipping them in malt vinegar. They also have those new-fangled Coke fountains with over 100 flavors. Overall experience was good and the service was fast and friendly. The meal price is a concern since the regular burger was teeny with just one patty. Maybe cut down on the fries and up the burger size.
5	I must give this place 5 starsThis is the best burger I have ever had in my life...Ive never had such a good quality burger the meat is so juicy and flavorful, the bun just melts in your mouth and to top it off i had bacon mayo and cheese to enhance this flavorful juicylicous burger. I ordered a side of fries to go with it there also very tasty I love the seasoning on them and there very generous with the amount they give you. My son had a grilled cheese and fries he ate all of his food which is very rare i actually had a bite of the grilled cheese myself and i must say it was pretty darn tasty for just a grilled cheese.I have no complaints about this place. How can you go wrong with good quality food, good friendly service at a decent price.If you haven't tried this place please do it will be the most delicious burger you have ever had, ever since Ive been here Ive been craving and dreaming of their food.
3	Honestly, I don't get it. How this place has any reviews higher than four-stars is beyond me. And I don't mean that in an overtly critical way, nor do I mean to say this place is anything like a two-star... no. It's a solid three. Let me tell you why. I walked in today after getting my eyes looked at the awesome eye doc above this place. I asked the girl working the counter for a cheeseburger with everything, plus fries and a drink. At most places, this would constitute some sort of combo meal. Here they seemed to charge me for everything piece meal. All together it was right north of $12, which seemed kinda steep. Thinking it might be totally worth it like Smashburger, I was cool with it. While waiting for my burger and fries, I went up to their cool-looking future soda tron. It's essentially a soda machine with a touch screen that allows you to pick from a bunch of different types of soda. So far, so good. A few minutes later, someone walked by and asked me if they could get me ketchup or something while I waited for my food. I said yes, thank you, that'd be swell. Plus points for that. Then a few moments later my food was ready. I ate a few of my "spicy" fries for a minute and headed home. Twenty minutes later, I was home and ready to tear into my burger. O opened it up, and... how to put this nicely... my expectations were not met. I found a smallish burger topped with all the usual fixings. $12 worth of food? Nope. I tore into it and was even further depressed. The burger was ok, on par with the burgers my dad sometimes makes at home. Good meat and seasoning, sure, and probably well worth $5, but not 12. It wasn't even a big enough burger where you can say at least you got your money back in volume. I will not be returning.
4	First thing you see when you go in is a lot of people, then the barrel of peanuts everywhere. I thought they were some kind of decoration until I seen people with them on the plates. Burgers and peanuts? Werid but awesome lol. So they bagged our food even though we were dining in. I look in the bag, and the fries are everywhere, and I can't even find the burgers! As I am looking for the burgers at the bottom of the bag, I find a small carton with a few fries in it. I think that was a pretty good deal to pay three bucks for fries, and they filled the bag up with them lol.I did not finish all those fries. I just had a simple hamburger and it was pretty small patty for almost six bucks. I like the idea of choosing toppings for free though. Another cool thing was the soda machine. It was pretty fun, to have so many choices and all computer. I will return and very likely choose more toppings.
4	Although I'll always be a (legal) immigrant at heart, I'm all about American food, particularly burgers. So I was extremely hyped to check out Five Guys, since the reviews from my friends were nothing short of astounding.The staff at this particular venue greeted me and my Five-Guys-veteran friend with enthusiasm and remained consistent and genuine with their hospitality. Service is a huge component in my dining experiences, so the joint lived up to its reputation.The quality of the food, however, was a little bit overrated. Not to say the Bacon Cheeseburger I had wasn't up to par, but it honestly was not any better than the original Six Dollar Burger. And trust me, I know burgers! The meat was well-cooked, the rest of the ingredients were fresh and flavorful, but it didn't rock my tastebuds any harder than a blue cheese burger from Stripburger (outside the Fashion Show Mall).The Five Guys style fries were alright as well; plentiful in that they offer an entire brown bag filled with them, but lackluster in flavor... I have a thing against peanuts and both styles of fries (the second being Cajun style) are fried in peanut oil, which might have been the negative factor.I'm a fan of Five Guys and I'll probably end up frequenting it during late-night meat cravings, and based on the customer service, dedication of employees and quality of (some of) the food, I'd recommend it. But fair warning --- don't get your hopes up for the spectacular burger experience to end all fast food joints. It's great, but not without flaw.
4	The burger is good. I had better but the frys are awesome!!!! Cajun frys is must have!!!
4	The big greasy bag of fries may make you wince at first...but let me tell ya they're pretty damn good!Good, fresh burgers and fries.  A TON of fries.  Really, I don't NEED all those fries!  But I'll eat them.  Oh yes, I will.  The only thing that would make this place better?  A drive-thru!  But really, I don't need that either. Getting out of my car and walking inside ...ah yes, what a grueling workout!
4	Out of all the things my mom in law and grandma in law wanted for a late Mothers Day they wanted a burger. They never tried Five Guys and neither has the BF and it's been forever for me so off we go. We each got a burger and got a large plain fries to share. You pick your basic burger which gives you the choice of amount of patty, with/without cheese and bacon then there are "free" toppings you can do. The one thing I don't like is how it is wrapped in foil and put in a bag so it got a bit smushed. The burger itself was really juicy. Because it is fresh made and wrapped in foil, I don't really feel this is good take out food and will get soggy. I don't get the In N Out comparison at all. I was talking to a friend online and the first thing they asked is if it was better than In N Out. Yeah they're both simple menus and serve it up fresh but the taste is apples to oranges. They're both good, and just different. If you like more toppings than standard, this is probably more of your place. I like their fries a lot. It's a good mix of a bit of a soft and crispy like a hybrid between a steak fry and a french fries. A large was shared between four people and we had some left. It is big servings....if you want fries it's probably good to share a regular between 2. Everyone talks about the machine and I pictured when people said they have ice tea that it would be attached to the machine and I can flavor it however I want. It was separate and standard Peak tea flavors so I was a bit sad about that. I ended up trying a few of the Dasani waters instead since I'm not really a big soda person. They were really efficient with the line and came to even check on us at our table which is a positive unusual for a fast food place.Overall, it was pretty good and more importantly mom and grandma was happy. They are looking forward to the one opening on Lake Mead by their place and they really want to return. As much as I enjoyed the food at that moment, I had major itis and angry tummy. I just can't eat good and greasy stuff so it's not their fault at all. If you love a good burger though give this place a go.
4	Great prices - great fries - great burgers and WONDERFUL drink machine where you can make a combo of just about any pop in any flavor. Great for kids.
3	The first thing I think of when I remember our trip to Five Guys is "loud". It's not really the music or the customers either, it's the employees working in the kitchen hollering back and forth.Getting to the food... it's good, not out of this world. I'd rather make a burger on the grill at home. Their fries are the real selling point for me, very tasty!Oh and I love those pop machines, very fun...just don't get stuck behind a group of people who have never seen one before...you'll be waiting forever.
4	Its decent enough but not amazing, its a fast food burger but better then most...cajun fries are a bonus, the workers love to shout, which I think is weird, but oh well.  Its a simple menu, with a little more to it then inn n out, but its solid...worth a shot, but the regular burger is a double and you feel like you may give birth to a food baby after you eat here...that is all
1	Wish they had combo meals, would make it more affordable. The girl taking the order didnt seem to want to be bothered with, didnt want to give new customers the chance to read over the menu, there was no line behind us. wanted the order to be over with the second we walked in. kids running around everywhere, being loud. the soda machines are cool, but they attracted kids to play with them and make a mess everywhere. didnt understand the peanut deal, no one wanted to explain it. wont be back, not worth it.
3	Upgraded In N Out.Good burgers and Cajun fries but Boiling Crab still has the best Cajun fries. I like the appetizer peanuts that they offer while waiting for your order.
5	Great food and nice people. Always a good spot for a good burger!!! Come here you wont regret it!
5	Five guys burgers and fries... Where to start this place is fantastic with delicious burgers and fresh cut fires... The burgers are available any way you want them with about 12 different items for making it your own.  The regular burger is 2 patties which makes for a pretty substantial burger and little burger is one party and is about all I can handle.  The fries which are made for fresh cut Idaho potatoes are quite tasty and plentiful again a small is a cup of fries with about another cup of fries that are loose in the bag, again a small is more then enough for 1 or even 2 people.  And are available with Cajun seasoning if you wanna spice It up.The restaurant It's self is a well lite fun place they offer peanuts by the giant box full to snack on while you wait.   For beverages the have the new future coke machine that can add selected favors to your favorite coke products...Bottom line.  If you love burger you will love five guys and come back many time jut as I have!!  Enjoy
4	Short & sweet today folks!  Want a meal that won't bust your budget but not leave you feeling hungry?  You like lots and lots of choices?  You like free roasted peanuts?  Then take your grubby hands over to Five Guys Burgers and Fries!Seriously, a cheap meal to be had!  But oh, the possibilities!  Going here reminds me of going to a classic diner with all the red and white inside.  Place is pretty clean, and damn that smell of fresh burgers and fries is intoxicating.  I go here when McDonald's or Burger King just don't do it for me.  Menu is simple, you got your burgers, your dogs, your sandwiches, and your fries.  Oh yeah, and they serve Coca-Cola!  Rejoice!  Alright, today we'll just focus on their specialty, the burgers.  Five Guys has several offerings, hamburger, cheeseburger, bacon burger, bacon cheeseburger, as well as a 'little' option for the above mentioned burgers.  The little burgers offer one meat patty instead of the regular size two patties that come on each of Five Guys' burgers.  I'm a big dude, but I usually opt for the little cheeseburger because I like lots of fixings on my burger.  Plus, it's cheaper!  No joke, I'm a bit of a cheapy...except on health insurance and collectible toys.Don't get me started on the free toppings that you can include on your burger, I go nuts!  My burger always comes out HEAVY because of the stuff I add to my burger.  If you're a purist, you won't like me.  I like colors when I eat!  Anyway, free toppings include:-Mayo-Mustard-Ketchup-Lettuce-Tomatoes-Pickles-Onions-Relish-Grilled Onions-Grilled Mushrooms-Jalapenos-Green Peppers-A1-BBQ Sauce-Hot SauceAs many as you want, on your burger.  Now I haven't seen anyone get all of them on a burger yet but here's what I like on mine, lettuce, tomato, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, mayo, BBQ sauce, A1, and a touch of hot sauce.  Killer!  But I'll just as easily go lettuce, tomato, onions, pickles, mayo, mustard, and ketchup to keep my cheeseburger classy.Fries here are good, but I always get them well-done.  I just like em' super crispy and not so soggy.  I like the cajun style fries too, nice and spicy.  They come in two sizes, small and LARGE.  Go for the large, so you can share!  Or be a wee lil' piggy like me and keep them all for yourself.  Don't forget your drink!  Get one because their fabuloso Coca-Cola machine is from the future!  Use the touch screen to try over 100 drink options or create one of your own!  For some reason I always stick with a Diet Cherry Coke.  Hey, don't judge!While you are waiting for your order don't forget to get messy with a dish of their roasted peanuts.  Can't miss the huge bags sitting there on the way to the counter.  Ask your server for some.  They're free!  I can't tell you how much I don't mind free food.  If you're nice, sometimes they'll let you take a bag of peanuts home with you.The taste?  On par with other specialty burger places like In N Out and Smashburger.  It's not uber gourmet, but it's hot, fresh, and efficient.  Nothing artificial, nothing sitting under a heat lamp, and nothing microwaved.  It's a decent meal for a decent price.  For two people, you can get a couple of loaded little cheeseburgers, large fries, and a large drink to share for around $15!  That's not bad for a date night!  Bad Economy - 0, You - 1.
2	Very loud place. Fries were weird. Just didn't really get the overall theme. In and Out still reigns.
3	This place is actually good but the only thing is that it's a bit, pricey. Don't get me wrong place is good. The burgers are awesome and the fries are so good. It's just that the prices a bit too much. If they could lower the price a bit then I'd give them 4 stars.
4	Five guys is always getting compared to in n out. In short, if you're looking for taste go to five guys. If you're looking for value go to in n out. Five guys can get pricy but to make it worth it, you have to go all out on the toppings. The burger pattys are way thicker and tastier than in n outs and the cajun fries are plentiful. I only wish price was a little lower or I'd give five guys a clear edge over in n out.
5	How does this place not have more 5 star reviews? This is the best place for hamburgers. Period. I prefer Five Guys over BLT Burger, Burger Bar, Holsteins, etc. Holy cow, I can't believe In-N-Out has more reviews!I was prompted to write this review after reading a Travel and Leisure article on the best fries in the U.S. For me, the best fries I have ever had are at county fairs. You know, where the fries are hand cut, thick with their skins on? Fried on the spot and a ton of salt? Yessir! Well Five Guys fries are just.like.that. Only here you don't have to wait until the summer to get them. I like ordering the large and taking home my leftovers. I could eat them fr a whole week. And the burgers are awesome too. This is like, real meat, and really flame-grilled, not like BK flame-grilled. And the toppings you have to choose from? Holy moly! Super fresh, creative toppings! The hot-dogs are really good too. Hot dogs in this country are usually kind of bland; in Mexico they actually have flavor. The hot-dogs here kind of taste like Mexican hot-dogs. You can also get the toppings on your dog as well. Oh and the staff are really nice too. They are encounrged to sing while cooking and when you walk in the door they sometimes yell hello.Enough said, go now. Man I just got hungry.
4	Been a while since I've been here, and upon my return, I found the same good quality burger that they are known for. This time around we tried the cajun fries and let me give you a hint, a regular order of fries is enough for 2 people, trust me.Fries were good. At first glance, I thought I was in for a way too salty fry, these things are doused with the seasoning, but they weren't too salty at all, so whatever they sprinkle on these bad boys, it works.Music still is a little on the loud side, kinda distracting but it's their vibe so just go with it and eat some beef, you'll not regret it
5	As I read in another review - I am shocked this place does not have more 5 star reviews.  Granted the cost is a touch on the high side, the food more than makes up for it!The burgers have a wonderful flavor with a hand pattied look (they probably aren't). Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked... the first burger addicted me!The french fries have a great flavor.... In-N-Out on steriods....  I am craving them just thinking about them.Soda machine.... wow.  Every flavor you can imagine added to the usual Coke products.Free peanuts?  Where can you go wrong?!?I love Five Guys... actually ate here two days in a row last week!  Will be back a few times!
3	Everyone says how great these burgers are so I was here in November for training and we all ended up here for lunch. I thought the burger was good. Was it he best ever? Nope They had vinegar for the fries which I liked. Again it wouldn't be a place I would seek out but I would eat here again.
3	Considering this is a pick-and-choose place, there's a lot of room for success and failure with the taste here, but based on the bacon burger I made yesterday, the food here is just above average. Pretty good burgers, and decent fries that come in big servings. Nothing super special about the taste or quality.The appeal of Five Guys is in the charming set-up; the casual diner concept is cute, with the free peanuts at the door, and the lack of standard fast food corporate decor. The experience is refreshing; being able to personalize your burger, waiting for your order number to be called out, interacting with pleasant, happy staff. They do a great job keeping the place upbeat and clean! It's a unique place, and fun to eat at, definitely. Depending on preference, I can see why these burgers/fries are a favorite of so many, but they're not mine, so I'll probably be back only when someone else decides to tag me along. Plus points for the endless possibilities, though - I'll definitely branch out and try again the next time I end up there.
3	This one was the second five guys I've ever been to. The quality and taste were good, but I prefer the location on Lake Mead & Tenaya for cleanliness and friendliness.
5	As others have said, I am really surprised there are not more 5 star reviews for this place. We LOVE the burgers, the fries, the peanuts, everything! The service has always been great and we are there at least once a month and usually more. I recommend 5 guys to everyone. Super yummy!
4	Hello Five Guys goodbye In n Out! This blows away other fast food burger joints! First time here and won't be my last. Bacon cheeseburger with everything. I swear it tastes homemade with the grilled onions and mushrooms. Only change I would do is no ketchup and maybe ask for a different sauce next time. Fresh cut fries always a plus, got the cajun fries. Fries come in a paper cup that is filled then overfilled! Lots of fries were spilled in the bag too! That's a good thing!Free roasted peanuts, help yourself! Never seen that before.While eating two different workers came by and asked how everything was, very friendly. I also seen another worker helping a little girl get her soda from the new soda fountain.Workers here actually seem like they love their jobs, don't see that too much.
3	So after hearing the hype of this place has a great alternative to In-n-Out I finally caved and decided to try it out. I really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars but yelp and their  no half star thing is stopping me. The burger was good and I enjoyed every bite. They have a lot of options for the burgers which is nice when you get sick of the more standard choices of In-n-Out.  But it comes at a price higher than I like to pay when I go to a fast food burger joint. I got a bacon burger with no special ingredients with fries and a regular coke. The total was over 12 dollars   The regular fries are good, the Cajun fries were overly salty for my taste but I can see the appeal for some people. I really did like the burger but next time I go I will forgo the fries and get the Jr. version of the burger to save the money.
4	What can I say? It's a great burger place. Period.Always get the bacon cheeseburger, fries that are to die for, and I love having the option of picking what you want on the burger. Worth the trip everytime.
4	I used to think that this place was not as good as In'n'Out but after coming here a few times, I have seriously changed that opinion. Meat is corn- or grain-fed (every time I ask I get an "I don't know but I know it isn't grass-fed."), so no 5-star. Veggies are pretty darn fresh, fries are delicious (although nobody has been able to tell me what kind of oil they're fried in yet).The flavors here are much fresher and more distinct than at In'n'Out. Less of the over-powering fake-cheese and sauce and more of a subtle mix of all the veggies and the beef, which I find to be a much better overall experience. Best part: when you ask for fries they fill your cup "fullish" with fries, set it in the bag, and "top it off" by dumping another entire helping of fries on top of your fry cup. Expect the bottom of the bag to be completely filled with fries regardless of the size you order.
3	With so much talk about this place I had to try it and found it to be good but not spectacular. The burger meat could use some seasoning and the sides should be larger..
2	Good burger however fries were more burnt than most other establishments. While dining in, get ready for the "is everything ok? Do you need anything?" Questions cuz every time they walk by, like every few minutes, they ask. Had to tell them "yea, can I get a little privacy?" for them to stop asking. Also, a lot of yelling to each other. Every time someone walks through the door they yell "one at the door" or if they're waiting for something to cook they will yell "waitin for a patty" or something like that. More noise than a Las Vegas strip nightclub.
5	great staff..fast..clean..food is amazing.! food made fresh & was filling..love the fries.
4	WAY better option for a burger than your typical fast food chain. It's a better quality burger than your McDonald's or Burger King. They also understand the concept of wrapping you burger in lettuce, rather than having a typical bun. You choose your own toppings from a long list of options and you also get the option of one or two burgers per sandwich. The fries are great, and they make sure you get plenty of them overflowing the bag. If you order a small fry, it might as well be a large. You will definitely get your money's worth!
4	All around good food. Had the bacon cheeseburger and it was pretty tasty. And depending where they get the potatoes, the fries are a hit or miss. Love the peanuts!
5	A burger is a burger . . unless . . its a Five Guys Burger!  At Five Guys, you have these tasty options: HamburgerCheeseburgerBacon BurgerBacon CheeseburgerLittle HamburgerLittle CheeseburgerLittle Bacon BurgerLittle Bacon CheeseburgerThen you can choose your toppings (and they are free):Mayolettucepicklestomatoesgrilled onionsgrilled 'shroomsketchupmustardrelishonionsjalapenosgreen pepperA-1BBQHot sauceFor fries: Five Guys Style or Cajun StyleWhile you wait, you can munch away on as many shell peanuts as you can eat. Rumor has it, we have one coming to Hawaii in the near future . . . probably be Maui - they get all the good stuff over there!
2	I don't get the hype about this place. The cheeseburger I got was a hot mess. Standard is a double patty so if you want a single get the "Little" version. What bugged me was the meat was about as flavorless as what you'd get at a McDonalds, the burger was saturated with mayo, and it looked like it was thrown together before the bun was smashed on and wrapped in foil. Disgusting to look at and eat. I've had much better at Burger King.Only reason it got 2 stars was their fries, both regular and cajun, were great. Save yourself and get a way better burger at Smashburger or In-N-Out.
3	It was OK.I got the little bacon cheeseburger (which was actually not that little) with everything on it and added jalapenos.  The bf and I split unseasoned fries.  Everything comes out in a brown paper bag whether you're dining in or taking it to go.  If you did get a drink, they have one of those fancy Coca-Cola machines where you can add stuff into your soda.  Too bad I'm not a soda gal.At first, the bf pulled out a small cup of fries and I thought we got jipped.  Then, he ripped open the brown paper bag on it's side to reveal a crap ton of secret fries!  It's basically like they took two cupfuls of fries, dumped it in the bag, then stuffed the cup full of fries again and put that in the bag too.  But I was happy; I love fries.  The unseasoned fries were good.  The burger was just OK.  Mine eventually fell apart though and I gave up trying to hold it together. If I have a burger craving, it won't be for Five Guys unfortunately.  I'd still rather run to In-N-Out to get my beef on.
4	Great burgers! Over-filling the yummy fries  is awesome! Impossible to leave here hungry.
4	Yummy!!  Offered to let us take some peanuts to go.The soda machines are awesome with 200 different types of soda combinations.  One of the soda machines broke while we were there so took a little longer to wait for the other machine.
4	Went to Five Guys on a recommendation and did not think I was going to like it because I WAS a huge fan of In N Out. Holy Moly did I change my mind fast.Free peanuts= awesome. You can chow down on peanuts while you wait for your kick ass burger. I ordered the little cheeseburger and Cajun fries. The little burger was actually big in my standards. I am glad I ordered that size. It was so fresh and juicy, the toppings (and there are many to choose from) were fresh and crisp. The Cajun fries are ridiculous, big, spicy and oh so good. This place beats In N Out in my mind. I haven't even been back since I discovered Five guys. I love this location and the people are funny and nice. It is also clean, which is god because I am a little OCD on the cleaning. I can't wait to go back.
5	I have found the food and service in this store to be excellent on every visit. On our last visit Angelica took a few minutes to dialogue with us about Five Guys, and discuss our guest experience during our current visit. It was great to meet someone who is passionate and dedicated to customer service! Thanks Angelica
4	Oh very good, the burger was freakin delicious! Definitely by top 3 best burgers I ever had.
4	Five Guys Burgers and FriesFive Guys Burgers and Fries Five Guys Burgers and FriesTry saying that three times really fast. It just rolls of the tongue. I have always admired this place since my days in Florida. Honestly the only thing that I would change is the noise level. The burgers are cooked in 100% pure peanut oil. The ground beef taste fresh as well. They have a plethora of peanuts in multiple places. At the entrance and near the cashier looks like they have stacks and stacks everywhere, plus they are free.Over all the burger was very good. Grade  A The employees are super friendly.
5	The service is by far the friendliest in town, and in a place where it's hard to find friendly service, this place exceeds all expectations.  Tony the manager will always greet you, make small talk with you, and even invite you back for more tomorrow.The food is over the top.  The burgers are huge (even the little ones) and the fries are HEAPING.  A little fry goes a long way for my 8 year old and me.  You can add any topping you want and it's all included.  And it's all made fresh in front of you.  If you are comparing In-N-Out, there's no comparison, this place is soooooo much better; quality, quantity, and absolutely the service blows them away.The soda machines host any thing you want in any flavor.  Well, Coke, not Pepsi.  But you can choose other sodas in any flavor (my personal favorite is the Strawberry Fanta).The leadership is often seen working along side the crew.  Yep, the district manager is there more often than not cooking the burgers, slapping condiments on, and visiting with guests.It may be a little more expensive (a dollar more than most burger places) but you pay for what you get and this place you get more than you pay for.
5	The workers here at five guys are like my best friend.  No kidding.  My friend LIVES for burgers, so we are constantly here.  Hey, and who doesn't like FREE peanuts?!  If you complain about this place, then you don't have the tastebuds to handle the awewsomness.  Nuff Said.
3	The customer service was great! The cashier was nice and so was the guy that handed us our food. The pricing is kinda crazy....like my boyfriend said, it's kinda like we went to a bbq but instead we paid $22. When I started to eat the burger I noticed an off taste...the burger was good but there was a familiar taste/smell. After thinking and eating, I realized the burger had hot dog flavoring....that was a first for me LOL. Not to sure about going back here...prefer SmashBurger over this for the amount we paid and quality of food.
3	This place provides very tasty burgers and fries.  The burgers are not very fancy and the ingredients are fresh.The only issue I have with this place is that it is very loud.  They shout at everyone coming into the door.  I really do not like the atmosphere but the food is good.
5	Best French fries around!!! Fresh cut and always hot and crispy, is go here just for the fries!!!!
2	I was truly excited to try Five Guys because of all the wonderful things I've heard and basically, the hype around it. My brother and I ventured one afternoon and I was less than pleased. I did enjoy the fact that everyone was extremely friendly and not being charged for extra patties! Plus, the restaurant itself is nice and I was mesmerized by the high-tech soda machine (I wish I were able to utilize it, but no soda for me!). Our cashier, also really nice and friendly, was clueless about their ingredients! Their menu states one of the toppings to be "green peppers" and since I was unfamiliar with their burgers, I asked her what type of green peppers the menu was referring. Confusion. I continued, "Are they green BELL peppers, green CHILI peppers..?" The cashier responded, "Oh yeah, they're peppers, but, uh, I don't think they're spicy." All right...so I thought, okay some roasted or marinated green peppers? That sounds good on a burger. So I ordered two patties with green peppers, onions, lettuce, and tomato. My brother and I shared regular fries and cajun fries.You can imagine my disappointment when I opened my wrapper and realized that my first assumption of green bell peppers was right, but the cashier failed, not only to acknowledge that thought, but told me otherwise. How can you not know that your restaurant serves green bell peppers?? I amounted this to, hopefully, ignorance. It didn't add to a good experience for me because had I known they were bell peppers, I wouldn't have ordered it. Who wants raw bell peppers on their burger? It was so awkward. Plus, my burger was absolutely flavorless. I actually had to season my own burger with salt and pepper. I probably should have ordered cheese and condiments, but a good burger shouldn't have to rely on those accompaniments. The burger was tender and cooked well though. The fries were also good. I love handcut fries, so this was no exception. The cajun fries though, I will pass. I love cajun seasoning, but I felt like I was inside their shaker of cajun. It was SO overwhelming that it took away from the pleasantry of the fries.I don't know; my brother really enjoyed his burger and I take partial blame for not ordering my burger with cheese and other condiments to add flavor (I was trying to be healthier), but the burger shouldn't be flavorless alone! The fries are really great though (without the cajun drowning). So, I may take another stab at Five Guys - get a completely different burger and enjoy the fries..we'll see.
5	This is the best location, they have friendly service and it can be jammed here at times. But the service and the food is a must.  Gotta check this place out. I love their coke machine you can miz flavors and we're in love with half strawberry and vanilla it's kind of like a jolly rancher.
4	Im going to say four because I am a fan but don't get an attitude when someone asks for ranch sorry I didn't know that "YOU DONT DO RANCH" But the burgers were good fries kinda soggy ...I mean really soggy ...eh things happen! at least the burger made up for it!
2	I really just dont get the hype about 5 guys. I've eaten at this location once, and the eastern location 2 or 3 times. I think they're actually on the pricier side for a generic burger and I think the fries are borderline terrible. This last trip, they forgot the bacon on my burger so when I asked about it - they asked if I minded putting it on myself and then handed me two cold pieces of bacon wrapped in foil. I took it back up there and indicated the bacon wasn't hot, and her response was its made in the morning. Okay.... so I handed back the bacon and said never mind. I mean who wants cold or room temperature bacon on their burger?? They could at least throw the bacon on a flat top for a minute to warm it back up. Seeing I was dissatisfied, they brought me a refund to my table which I think was fair. The burger fell apart and I think it doesn't taste much better than a big n tasty at McDonald's. I think In N Out or Fatburger produce a much tastier burger, and In N Out is a hell of a lot cheaper.
3	Late review, trying to play catch up!Went to this location about a month ago with my sister as my maiden visit to a Five Guys. Place was nice and clean. Open kitchen so you could see what exactly they were doing. The free dry roasted peanuts were a nice touch but it seemed a bit odd to wanna dig into any more after our food arrived. I am partial to boiled peanuts too hehe.The cashier was friendly but yea, it was a bit weird she couldn't answer or ask what type of green peppers they had. I did notice later I got charged for a regular burger when I did order a double. I couldn't be sure if they forgot to charge me the extra or that's how it is there. The size of the burger was decent. The burger patties themselves did seem a bit bland. Cajun fries seemed over seasoned, drowned in the red powder. Regular fries were good, could be a bit crispier, but that's just my preference.I wasn't exactly blown away. Not sure if I'd prefer it over normal fast food burger 'n fries but maybe I didn't get the best they normally had to offer. Another visit is possible in the future to fully gauge that.
4	This is not my favorite burger joint on most days, but sometimes a little change is a great thing. Their burgers are good "all the way" and their staff is good looking and friendly. For days when a double-double animal style is just to ordinary, this is the place to go.
5	Yom Yom.  Big fan of the cheese bacon hot dog.  This place is #1 burger/hot dog spot in my eyes!!!  Never dissapoints on deliciousness and customer service.
3	We tried Five Guys for the first time this weekend.  The food is very good and you get big portions so you don't leave hungry.  However the burger where actually very greasy.  We did not realize that the regular burger are all double patties, for a normal size burger you get what they call a little burger.  I would not normally order a double bacon cheese burger, but I did not realize this fact until our food arrived.  There is no sign letting you know they are double patty burgers.  It's cool that they have a whole list of topping and you just choose whatever you want on the burger.  Every thing is made fresh and to order.  Word of caution to those who have peanut allergies, everything is cooked in peanut oil and they have boxes of peanuts lining the entry way.  The place is very clean and the people working seemed very nice.  The reason I only gave it 3 stars instead of 4 stars is due to the high price.  I would say this is in no way a 5 star place.  This is basically a glorified fast food place.  You come in and stand in line to order get your number and drinks and wait for them to yell out your number.  Weather or not you are dining in you get your food in a paper bag.  However, you pay prices like going to Red Robin or some sit down place, and the quality is not that of a sit down place.  My suggestion is to go a block down to Trop. and have In-N-Out and pay a fraction of the price or go someplace where they don't yell out numbers for you to pick up your food.  For 3 people (2 adults and 1 child) we paid almost $40, at In-N-Out we usually pay about $20.  I don't mind these prices if I am not having to stand in line to order and getting my food in a paper bag and then sitting in hard metal and plastic chairs.  So my advice save the money and go to another fast food place, or spend maybe $10 more and go someplace where you can sit and have your order taken and get the higher quality.
4	Better than in- n- out for sure!!! Double bacon cheeseburger with mushrooms is amazing!!! Can't believe this place has so many bad reviews!!! Minus one star bc their fries suck!!!
5	I love the staff at this location. They always make me feel welcome, the night shift all know me when I walk in the door. I wish they wore name tags so I could compliment them individually, but they all play a part in making this my go to burger in las Vegas. Thank you Five Guys (and girls!)
5	As far as chain fast food burger joints are concerned in Las Vegas, I think Five Guys is hands down the winner.  I have tried In and Out, Smash Burger, and Five Guys and they all have their strengths but if we are simply talking quality meat and quality burger...Five Guys all the way.  The menu is short and straight forward and you can add as many toppings as you like, no additional cost.  I realize this place is more costly than In and Out but its in a different class and at least they HAVE bacon here. Bacon is a must.
5	This is my current favorite burger place in Las Vegas. I love the fact that you can add a bunch of toppings without extra cost. The quality of the meat and fries are exceptional as well.At this location (Flamingo & Ft Apache) they always provide wonderful service. Never had a mixed up order either. I usually order from online as it's convenient for me. The one thing is they won't cook your fries until you walk in so budget your time accordingly.
4	Great burgers with fresh toppings. Cajun fries are my favorite. I love the little bits of skin left on them.
4	Clean and friendly.  Yummy burger.  We choose this over In n Out every time.
3	I don't really have a major problem with Five Guys, but I can't figure out what all the fuss is about! Aside from the "I need/want Five Guys" jokes, which get old pretty fast, I'm not certain what the major draw is for an establishment such as this. The burgers themselves aren't bad. They remind me of the type of burgers that one would cook in their back yard. The beef patty is juicy with good flavor and the decent portion size has not gone unnoticed, but for the price I just don't see how they can compete with some of the heavy hitters such as Smashburger or Inn-n-Out.Sure they have one of those fancy soda machines that let's you customize your drink from 5 billion possible flavor combinations and not to mention free peanuts that you can break and eat at your leisure. And sure, they have exceptional customer service, but for me personally, the negatives outweigh the positives.I guess perhaps the three main issues I have with the joint are the noise, price, and the fries. Every time I have come to this Five Guys the employees are shouting orders to each other while customers are sometimes sitting less than 15 feet away. Not sure if this just a quirk about the restaurant, but it's kind of annoying and prevents me from effectively conversing with the people at my table if I am forced to sit too close to the front counter when the place is busy. As far as the french fry situation goes, I am all for Five Guys hooking it up with giant portion sizes but this all comes at the expense of having to eat said extra fries directly out of their brown paper bag.
4	Had to try this place since everyone kept talking about it so here I go..My boyfriend and I ordered online for our first visit. We loved that because it was very convenient to customize our own burgers. When I went in to pick up the food, it wasn't ready because they wait for you to get there to start cooking your fries. They want to be sure it's fresh!Onto the food... I had the little cheeseburger (which was the perfect size for me) and he had the regular cheeseburger (two patties). The burgers were definitely a 5/5. They just melted in your mouth!! So good!!!! Now the fries are a different story.. We ordered a small of the regular fries and a small of the Cajun. We didn't enjoy the Cajun fries at all. Maybe it's just us but they were extremely spicy. It didn't taste Cajun.. It tasted spicy. No flavoring.Overall, great burger place but I'll skip on the Cajun fries next time! Worth the price if you want a good burger. If you want something cheap, go to McD's to get a cardboard burger. Only quality burgers served here!
3	I am not a big fan of this place.  I think it may be for the fact that they use sweet pickles on the burgers.  Also I didnt care for there barbecue sauce.  I like other burger joints for the value.  This place if expensive
4	I tried  the burgers and fries at this place. I did not like the fries all that much but the burger was full of flavor and very juicy. I would go back whenever I am in the mood for a delicious burger!
3	If I was just grading on taste it would be a five star review, however when a family of four costs almost $40 it makes it hard to go back.
3	We went here for a late lunch. As always we were greeted when we entered the restaurant.  We went to order and I wanted to try out the "secret" menu that I saw on the Web. I ordered a grilled cheese with a hamburger patty, bacon, grilled mushrooms and extra pickles. It took the cashier a little bit to figure it out, but she did.  Our orders came out just fine and my secret menu "patty melt" was SO GOOD!Went in on a different day for an online order like I have in the past and was not greeted as usual nor acknowledged while I stood at the pick up side. I just looked at everyone no one asked if I needed assistance. I tried to say excuse me and they just kept their heads down. They weren't even busy.  I just wanted to tell them I was there to pick up my online order so that they could start on my fries. They do not start your fry order until you arrive so that they are fresh when you pick up your order. Since they didn't acknowledge me for at least 5 minutes of standing there, I sent my daughter to at least tell them we were trying to pick up our online order. Finally after her saying excuse me a few times they acknowledged her. We got our order a couple of minutes after that and left. Maybe they were having an off day? I'll still go back. I can't get enough of my secret menu patty melt. Lol
5	Friendly.... Fast service.... And I'm addicted to the bacon cheese dog!!!! SAVE ME!  SO GOOD  LOTS of seating plus peanuts are a fun time to eat while waiting for food :).  Bacon burgers are DOUBLE the meat.... SO GOOD ...... TRY THEM
2	I was SERIOUSLY looking forward to this place. i had hyped it up cuz other people had hyped it up. I tried the cheeseburger as well as the fries. I want to say, it was average. Nothing stood out, nothing special, nothing really different. And I think the reason my review is not too good has a lot to do with the price. It was very expensive for what I was getting. I'd rather go eat at In 'n Out for the similar experience but for cheaper. If I'm paying more than that, I expect better food. The fries were nicely flavored but were too soggy for me. I personally just like my fries crispy. Cool decor, and the free peanuts made up for the price and quality of food.This was the first and possibly the last Five Guys I'll ever visit. if i go back, I'll try the secret menu or patty melt that someone yelp'd.
5	OMG. This burger joint replaced every other burger place in Las Vegas. I love how it gives u unlimited toppings, Juicy Burgers everytime, shoot don't let me get started on the Cajun fries. I love this place. Customer services great.
4	yeah its good, yeah they give you entirely too many amazing fries, yeah its not healthy at all so what.  i would give them 5 stars thats how much i like it but there is one problem, that stupid coke machine. these damn things are popping up everywhere and guess what they suck. Go get coke out of one i dare you. then tell try to tell me it that it tastes right cause it doesn't. it tastes wrong like it has a splash of lime or something in it. oh and don't plan on not getting soda dripped on your wrist while you are putting ice in the cup. yup reach your cup to the back to put ice in and drip drip drip over your hand from the spigot. wtf
5	Ok, so you can tell the difference between fast food, processed food and quality real food.....Five Guys is truly some quality stuff. You wait for items to be cooked for you while you sit in their dining room snacking on the supply of roasted peanuts in the shell they provide for you (nice touch), but when you taste the food you realize they look at quality and not quantity.Its an awesome real burger with real bacon, and freshly made fries. I cant even begin to believe this is a chain.It beats the hell out of in and out or anything else you've tried! Oh and they have the biggest soda/soft drink selection youve ever seen
5	Best dead cow sandwich I've had in Vegas (except for homemade). Get the bacon double cheeseburger with everything on the black menu minus mushrooms and you won't be disappointed. Fries are well seasoned and perfectly cooked.Pair with Firestone Double Jack or Lagunitas IPA for a great meal.
5	Veggie bur for errors no bun, amazing,  great customer service, always made great, very clean and friendly
4	Good location and clean fast food place. Better than others I have been to.
3	What's so great about this place? Many of my friends claimed Five Guys to have the best burgers and fries, but it was mediocre to me. Okay burgers, but I will give them credit for all the topping choices. I'd compare Five Guys' burgers to In N Out's. Not too worth the price. Fries were just A-OK as well. Nice having a large choice of drinks as well.. Nothing too special. I only come here because I'm often at the froyo store next to it.
2	Have tried Five Guys in other locations around the country and was always pleased with their burgers.  NOT at this location though: the burgers were bland and very greasy (greasier than normal for Five Guys).  I compare to Smashburger in Las Vegas where the burgers are much tastier.  May give them another try though, perhaps it was an off day with a substitute burger flipper guy.
5	So, where do I start with Five Guys burgers and fries? Let's begin with the service, everyone is genuinely courteous! Mostly all the staff smile and makes sure I'm okay. A young lady even came up to me to ask if I wanted her to get me a refill or more fries! What great service! Now there's the most important part, the food. The burgers are near flawless, with the abundant amount of choices you have for toppings. You must get bacon in your burger as well! Now, I know what you're thinking. A lot of places, when you order bacon in your burger. You get this rubbery, chewy piece of meat. But Five Guy's bacon is as crispy as can be. Fries are also tasty, Cajun is what I prefer though. So if you're in the mood for a burger. Five guys is a must try!
1	Usually the service here is spot on.  Not tonight.  Ordered a double cheese with four things on it - lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, bacon.  Get home and they've added mustard and ketchup and no bacon.  Drive back over.  The remake the burger - with pickles.  Remake it a THIRD time and got it right. Zero attention to detail.  Would give zero or negative stars if I could.
3	Almost a fan. My friend brought me here claiming these are the best burgers in town. I've been to other five guys in town and always thought they were ok but not the greatest, five guys is on my "I don't mind going if my friends want to go there" list. We placed our order, got a number and grabbed some complimentary peanuts while we waited for our number to be called.   Is hard to write a review about this place without comparing it to In N Out burger when everything reminds me of it especially the red and white checkered tile that is so much of an In N Out trademark. Here at five guys the burgers are huge and you get so many choices for toppings but no matter what combinations I've tried I always end up with an ok burger. The fries are some of the best I've tried, even better than In N Out but on the burgers In N Out takes the prize.  Employees are very friendly here, they help you with the menu and all the choices you have and when I tried to order two orders of fries she told me that one order would actually be enough for two people, when we finished eating we still had some fries left!   They also have those new freestyle soda machines with more than 100 soda flavors, I'll provably be back if friends decide to stop here but with more choices in vegas for good burgers than their soda machine has to offer there's really not many reasons that would bring me back to this place.....ok there's a few...but they're just peanuts.Three and a half stars.
3	Pros- Good tasting burger, good tasting toppings.Con- overpriced. $6 for one patty (many free toppings to choose from, such as bacon, mushrooms, grilled onions) I like Smashburger better. I guess if you like the free peanuts and eat a ton of them, it may be worth $6.
5	Thanks for such a clean environment! !!! Everyone is so nice and the veggie burger is a must try! 's quality on the west side!
5	I eat here all the time before or after work. And after worm im real tired and the best thing to make my day is a person who greets me in an awesome way like Dean and Zach! These guys are awesome really cool and nice guys. Thank you for everything when I come in. Keep up the great work fellas
5	My boyfriend and I have often been curious about this restaurant, because we usually go to Sweet Tomatoes, which is in the same complex.I was thoroughly impressed and it was delicious! I ordered a bacon burger with mayo, BBQ sauce, and grilled onions. It was juicy and messy and as close to heaven on earth as you can get in burger form. The fries were also delicious-- the server gave us extra just because!It was a good experience, and now we will have to debate whether to skip Sweet Tomatoes again for a less healthy, but absolutely delicious option.
5	Besides the delicious food the customer service at this location is out of this world good!!! Never and long wait and food is always fresh!
5	Always super friendly! Placed my order on-line and it was ready when arrived, except for the fries that they immediately cooked and even tho they were so busy they still made me some fry sauce (regular and bbq) with a smile!
3	Usually grab a burger here a few times s month. Always great tasting. Bit overpriced but the portions are pretty goods guess it evens out. Service is usually great and friendly but for my visit today I have to take two stars off. Came in late afternoon no one in line At all. Usually in this place you can barely get in the door without the whole staff  yelling out to you and welcoming you. I was never greeted at all even when I got up to the counter. Just a blank stare from the cashier no hello anything. I'm the one that had to greet her to which I got "what can I get you" . Not the biggest deal but was for sure a little off service wise today.
4	Great service! I love how they announce how many folks are coming in. My burger was perfect and we were in and out within 15 mins. The one thing I didn't like and still don't is the fact that they wrap your burgers in foil when you order to go... It makes the buns a little soggy. I always immediately unwrap as soon as I get my food.
3	Was really excited to come here and unfortunately they're out of pickles and my favorite soda :(They loaded us up on French fries (burying our burgers at the bottom of the bag) so we were happy about that, sort of.Will probably update my review next time I visit, I'm sure it will be better.
4	Stop here about 3days ago.... Love it ...  The customer service was great ... And they give me some extra bacon on the side .... Will be back soon thanks five guys for making my lunch that day
5	These are the best burgers. Fast food or otherwise. And they serve the best fries. There's really not much else to say.
5	After a fun and filling Thanksgiving weekend I dread the trip to the airport to drop off my boyfriend.  We didn't want our Thanksgiving left overs and he said he wanted a burger.  Five Guys was the first thing that came to both of our minds. To my surprise, the restaurant was slow, as every other time I've been in a Five Guys they are very busy!  This was great for us because we didn't have a lot of time.  We ordered and filled our cups with delicious sugary soda concoctions from one of those amazing soda machines that you can put almost any flavor in your cup!  . We received our food in about 5 minutes.  Then we realized we had ordered regular fries instead of Cajun. (Who does that?!). No problem the employees  gave us 2 condiment cups of Cajun spice and a bag to shake on our fries... Perfect!  Almost better when you shake it on yourself... Weird.  Anyway, the fries were delicious.  I bit into my burger and realized there was a mix up in our order I had pickles on my burger.... Not good . So I brought my receipt with toppings and burger to the counter.  The young woman was super nice and changed my burger right away.  And my boyfriend got to eat my 'mistake burger'. The restaurant was super clean and the employees were extremely nice.  I would recommend this location to anyone.
5	The burgers here taste homemade. Very delicious. When ordering the fries, make sure to get them Cajun style. I forgot to, but the gentleman on the fryer hooked it up with the Cajun seasoning.. and later into our meal he checked up on us to make sure if we got enough seasoning. These people go above and beyond. The service is top notch. They do a good job of hiring genuinely nice people. Multiple times workers came to our table and checked up on us to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. Just smiles all around :)
1	Just found a blonde curly hair in my food! I'm disgusted! Just threw the whole thing out! So annoyed!!! Never again!!!! NO STARS
4	At first this location completely turned me off from Five Guys, but after trying the Downtown Summerlin location and then trying this place out again, I'm hooked (which is really a bad thing). All the workers here are friendly and goofing around in the kitchen - and I don't mean messing things up, I mean they genuinely seem to enjoy themselves and try to have fun with what they're doing. I spent a week thinking about their tasty burgers and finally fulfilled my craving last night. Thanks for serving up delicious food!
