5	I was lucky enough to go to the voodoo steak twice on this trip to Vegas.  First was mothers day.  Although there was a special menu, we picked our favorite items off both menus.  We had crab cake.  These are the best of the best.  No filler. Only 100% crab meat with light crumbs to fry them lightly.  WOW. These are the real deal.  I had the black cod.  It you can't get to Nobu, the cod at the voodoo lounge's just as good and probably even better.  The rib eye was perfection.  Perfection--perfection temp, perfect seasoning and tender as you would hope for.  Then came the presentation of  the bananas foster..  The rum and carmel sauce when lit on  fire and poured over the bananas and rum raisin ice cream was so impressive.  If you have the changeTo eat at the voodoo steak,  grab it. You won't be sorry.
4	I started with the lobster bisque, which had a bit of a unexpected kick, though not great as I look for more creaminess over spice in my bisque.  Apart from the tower view, the aged flavorful cajun rib-eye -- probably the fattiest peice of meat I've ever had was the main reason to dine here.  It was so fatty that I had to cut out some of the thicker marbles which made up almost a fifth of my steak, but every bite was packed with that rich, meaty flavor which I love.   The sides appetizers and desserts were just standard fare.
1	8:45 reservation for 4, many tables open however we were not seated until 9:20.  20 mins later we get our drinks after stopping a waitress to order them.  We then ordered our food and at 10:45 went to find the manager as we still did not have our food. It arrived shortly after. 2 of us order surf and turf ($80) and the lobster was dry and tough, and the filet was just ok.  3rd person  ordered seabass which made her sick.  4th order ribeye was good.Sights of the city was the highlight.  Service was the worst I have ever had for such a fine dining restaurant.  Will not go back.
4	Went here the day after the 4th of July. My cousin had never been to Vegas before and I thought what better way to get a view and a good dinner all at the same time.We bought a voucher at the 1/2 price tickets booth that gave us 25% OFF the entire dinner incl drinks. Our reservation was for 7p and we were seated promptly at that time. We got the prized table by the window as well. Too bad a storm rolled through the night before, the windows needed washing. When we called  to make a reservation we were told the attire was "smart casual". I guess that means, in America, anything goes but "wife beaters" and swimsuits. I couldn't believe the liberties other diners took in the  dress department. I'm not faulting the restaurant, that's just the way it is these days.Anyway, we started off with the Witch Doctor Sampler, included were rock shrimp, mini beignets, coconut shrimp and a lone crab Cake. The portion was just right for two to share. The quality of the shrimp was decent, cooked just right but nothing about the sampler stood out, the dish was served surprisingly cool.My Scallops, on the other hand, were perfectly cooked, tender and succulent! Yum factor quite high. My cousins 8oz Filet was a real treat as well, ordered med rare (as it should be ordered) came out just perfect. She almost didn't need  a knife to cut it. We ordered the side of Ragout of mushrooms, fingerling potatoes, asparagus and bacon. Another good call!All in all, we were quite satisfied with the service as well as the meal, and blown away by the view. (Only with this was a revolving restaurant).We saved $45.00 by using the voucher and that also got us into the Voodoo Lounge upstairs for free. You have to wander upstairs even if its just for a few minutes to take in the rooftop view.Next time I would love to sample the buffet, I've heard it is also very good.
4	We went to VooDoo Steak for our Fourth of July dinner with another couple.  We were seated immediately at our 6:30pm reservation at a wonderful table right next to the windows overlooking Vegas.  We were so excited that we would be able to have dinner here, then head up to the lounge to see the Fourth of July fireworks (that never happened...I can't believe none of the strip hotels had fireworks on July 4th...WTH?).We started with the Witch Doctor Sampler which we inhaled....my favorite was the zucchini beignets.  We had the sea bass, braised veal, pork chop, and the bone-in ribeye.  We had no complaints...they were all equally delicious.  We had the dessert trio and a chocolate mousse cake for dessert.  They were fantastic too.The only complaint we had was that we were not informed beforehand that we were limited to 2 hours for our dinner, and that we could get discounted prices on our dinner by presenting the rewards card for the Rio.  I think they should inform patrons when reservations are being made so that we're aware.Other than that, we had a great time...fireworks or not.
1	Just had dinner after spending a day in 100 degree heat. Asked for water to drink with our meal.  "Just tap water is fine" we said. The bill came and $80 was charged for the water we had with our meal.  For our water. They were probably trying to find a way to get more money out of our group because we weren't drinking enough of their overpriced drinks. Who knew their water was going to be overpriced too. To top that off the filet was dry and the server was unable to answer questions about the menu.  If you are going to spend top dollar for a meal you have much higher expectations than this.
2	Go elsewhere. The Rio is not exactly known for their food and this is no exception, but will set you back at least $50. Here are the issues.The host didn't get our jokes. She was kind of a stick in the mud. There is a holding area for the elevator. There was literally what looked like a gurney for moving people around and weird "voodoo" like decorations on the walls. We got in the elevator of horrors, which was not air conditioned. The view outside was great, but not at 140 F. When we got into the restaurant, there was a weird lion/leopard/Africa them to the chairs, but a decidedly French/American menu. We had a nice view.Our server forgot my order of truffle mac and cheese and there weren't really truffles in it (they faked out on me when they finally brought it). My lobster bisque had a skin on it by the time it came out, my sidecar was average.One saving grace was the basket of bread brought out. It had the parmesan flat crisps and they were quite good. We were also charged for water. Tap water.If you want a view, hit this up at night for the club. It seems better suited to that than as a restaurant.
5	One of the best views in town... and the food is marvelous... (tip go early... like 5:30 when they open and you can get a table by the window....) I usually just show up as they open, have a martini and a couple of appetizers... what a lovely light meal in a beautiful location...
5	amazing steakhouse at the top of the rio where there is a nightclub with a gorgeous view of the strip. Get the bone in Rib Eye (my favorite cut of steak and best thing there) and a side of mac and cheese. steaks are about $60 but worth it
3	Menage A Trois would have been an awesome dish.  However, I ordered the steak Medium Rare and got it Medium Well.  I was going to order side dishes, but just as I was about to, the waiter cut me off and informed me that the dish already comes with smashed potatoes and 1 carrot and 1 asparagus.  I had to get the waiter's attention as he did not give us any steak knives either.Although we got seated immediately for our 6:30pm reservation at a wonderful table with a spectacular view overlooking Vegas, we immediately notice that the restaurant did not have any A/C on.  Our waiter did not even inform us about it.  We looked around and notice fans situated at different areas of the restaurant.  Because there was only 2 of us in our party, we were not privvy to get a fan at all.  With the hot halogen lights shining on us, it got even hotter and uncomfortable.The table next to us also complained.  To top it off, their waiter forgot about their side dishes.We would have stayed to order and eat dessert, but opted to leave immediately after our dinner to go downstairs and enjoy the cool air and show in the casinos.
2	Over priced food, nothing special. All the sides suck. I ordered the NY strip steak which was huge and delightful. My boyfriend ordered the $70 Waygu ribeye and it was horrid! All of the sides we ordered were extremely plain. I could cook it with more flavor with my eyes closed. Its supposed to be the best restaurant in the Rio but honestly there was nothing that stuck out except the high prices.
5	Food was amazing-- the view was a huge plus.  Must eat here again.
5	We went here because we had a groupon for a buy 1 get one steak free.  So glad we decided to give it a shot!  The views are really great of the Strip.  And the best part is you are encouraged to go hang out, outside while waiting for your meal.  Excellent service!  I really appreciated the fact that we weren't rushed and were given really good recommendations from our waiter who genuinely seemed to care that we had a great experience.  I highly recommend making reservations.  We could tell that those who didn't had to wait quite a while for a table.
3	Lovely heirloom tomato salad, but I would have been very happy to share it, because it was so large.  The view of Vegas was wonderful, but the prices were a little steep.  Next time, we'll Yelp for help.
4	Nice view and atmosphere!!steak is OK.scallops are a little bit too salty. asparagus are perfectly cooked!sorbet with dry ice has very impressive presentation.
4	This place is a must if you want to impress and get some action from your guest while in Vegas.  They serve prime steak so enough said the food is great no matter what you order.  Sides, desert all good, just what you expect in a prime steakhouse. Here is the real treat.... The roof top lounge on the 51 floor of the Rio, the steakhouse gives you access.  The Las Vegas Blvd views are breathtaking especially at night with all the lights, there is a great DJ and bar up the with dancing, what a great finish to a great meal. Definitely a comeback place.
4	We came here on a weeknight with a groupon and figured we may as well give it a shot since we were in this part of town already. The first thing to comment on is the view-- it really is gorgeous and adds to the allure and fun of dining at a place like this. If you and your significant other are both into steaks, I think this place is a great choice just on that basis alone. It offers a refreshing atmosphere that really seems to take you away from the mundane activities of daily life. But I digress..Service is good here. The hostess didn't glare when she saw our groupon and I appreciate this seemingly small fact. The waiter had a fair understanding of the menu and offered a number of suggestions based on our preferences and experiences with previous steak houses. Cheaping out, we neglected to order an appetizer and went straight for the main course.My girlfriend ordered a veal with pasta dish. I don't recall the name, but it was respectably good. The pasta was light and had the distinct flavor of sauteed shallots throughout it, and I am certain it was cooked with a certain amount of wine. The veal was incredibly tender--probably the softest I have ever had at a restaurant. What sets this place apart is the quality of the meat; the waiter was sure to point out how very particular this establishment is about the meat here and where they get it from.I decided to order something from their prime section, which includes a delicious looking wagyu cut that I will have to try next time. I instead opted for a 14 oz flat iron. I rarely order flat irons simply because most restaurants don't even offer them. Only a high quality cut is worthy of being served at the fine dining level. After much thought and internal conflict, I chose the Truffle Mac n' Cheese as my side.It was incredibly rich, and full of flavor. Not like the stuff you can get at Lucille's barbecue, as this offering had a much more distinct taste. However, it was every bit as good, if not just a bit different. You can really appreciate the different cheeses in it with each bite, but like I said it's really heavy. I wanted to finish my steak so I decided only to eat half of it and saved the rest for an enjoyable leftovers session.The steak itself was impressive. I was not expecting to enjoy a cut like flat iron because it is categorized below rib eye and new york in terms of quality. However, because it was prime beef I really was able to enjoy its flavor and thick consistency. It doesn't have some of the same marbling that you'll get in a filet mignon but in a way it is more enjoyable and it was prepared perfectly here. I gobbled it up without difficulty. I can't say I'll be returning here soon because I just don't have that sort of money, but suffice it to say that I'll bookmark this place as a good spot for a celebration if I am still in Vegas years down the line.
3	I had been to the VooDoo Nightclub before, so I knew the view at VooDoo Steak would be wonderful.  The view was delightful.  Everything else was just okay...yet over-priced.  I am not a fan of overpaying for just okay food and a great view.Go to VooDoo steak if you want a romantic or memorable dinner.  The food is not bad...the average Joe may even appreciate it.  But the foodie in me was not impressed by anything we had.  I tried the Lobster Bisque, The Scallops, and the Sea Bass.  Of the three the Bisque was the best....with a nice touch of small apple bits mixed in with the lobster chunks on top.  The apple played nice with the sweet lobster bisque and even nicer with the lobster chunks.  Other than that nothing was memorable enough to warrant a return tasting.
1	Sad experience, way under staffed, waiter was pleasant but hurried and cared less what you ordering. I ordered the Dry Aged 20 oz Ribeye medium Rare and it was medium well to well. They offered a replacement but given the show start time and slow service there was no time.Ridiculous for the price and ambiance of this Restaurant I wo.uld suggest go to the lounge and enjoy the view but definitely plan dinner elsewhere as this one won't get a second chance from this Las Vegas Local.
4	With Groupon in hand, we at last made it to VooDoo Steak with another couple,  Bread was good, but butter had to be requested twice.  Classic French Onion Soup was exactly that, with a thick cover of melted cheese and well-caramelized onions.  Initially our server mistakenly brought Coconut Shrimp to our table instead of the Shrimp Cocktail we ordered.  But when the switch was made, the Shrimp Cocktail was excellent, with large shrimps resting on a bed of lettuce.  A Caesar Salad was peppery but good.  Appetizer, soup, and salad all came together, but we had enough time to eat all the preliminaries before our entrees arrived.My entree of an 8 oz. Fillet Mignon with Red Wine Sauce was medium rare as ordered, and very tender.  Additional requested Bearnaise Sauce was not listed on the menu, but was cheerfully supplied, and very good.  The large Baked Potato accompanying the steak was properly prepared but did not contain enough chives to my liking, so the manager brought me more.  Sauteed Wild Mushrooms further enhanced our enjoyment of the meals set before us.It was somewhat noisy near the top of the Rio's Masquerade Tower, from conversations at adjoining tables.  But our excellent view of the Strip far below easily compensated for this.  And, a delicious slice of creamy, old-fashioned New York-style Voodoo Cheesecake served with fresh berries topped off a fine meal.  A bountiful assemblage of fresh blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, and strawberries was strategically placed on top of and wedged around the generous portion of Cheesecake.4-1/2 stars on this lovely night!
4	Service was wonderful from the hostess who not only let us in earlier than our reservation, but recommend we sign up for free total rewards card just to get a percentage off our bill, to our kind server and bussers.  I bought a great Groupon Deal from here for my guy and my anniversary dinner - mainly because I saw they had foie gras and it's illegal in out state of California now.  Loved it!  With the jam, bread, and greens - GAH.  We strategized our dishes to try steak, pork chops, shrimp, and lobster tail, 'cause we're cool like that, and everything was cooked and flavored perfectly.You also can't beat that 50 floor view and the option of getting into VooDoo Lounge for free if you bring your dinner receipt later on in the night.
5	50 stories up !!  Yikes !!  Yes i will admit i have a fear with heights but after alot of drinks i made it up to the top. The food here was amazing !  The service was world class. But you get what you pay for here. Would i come back... yeah probably once i'm not ballin on a budget .
3	You simply cannot beat the view from this restaurant located at the top of the Rio! There's a great view from almost every table and you can go outside for an even more amazing view. The service was also amazing - very attentive! The drinks are pricey, but pretty much what you'd expect at a steakhouse in Vegas. If I was just basing this review on the view and the service, it would easily be 4 or 5 stars. Unfortunately, I wasn't very happy with my steak, considering the high price. I got the Filet Mignon, medium. It was flavorless and a bit dry. I didn't even finish it! Luckily, I got the truffle mac & cheese on the side and THAT was great! My friend was happy with his steak, so I do think I would return and try something else from the menu. If nothing else, you should make a reservation here, keep your expectations in check and just enjoy the view.
1	Her Majesty and I had tickets to see Penn and Teller so we decided that the easiest thing to do would be to find a nice restaurant in the Rio to eat at before the show.  After looking through their website, we selected the Voodoo steakhouse and made reservations.AmbianceMixed bag here.  The restaurant is reasonably nice and the view from the 52nd floor is outstanding.   The only real negative I have is that the restaurant's website clearly states that they have a dress code but the restaurant seems to make no effort to enforce it.  Seated next to us was a group with backwards baseball caps on and next to them were 4 guys in shorts and t-shirts.  I realize that I am old and so stuff like this probably matters more to me than to most people but my feeling is that if you are going to advertise a dress code then people will use that information to help make their decision whether or not to go there.  If you have no intention of enforcing it, then that seems like false advertising to me.FoodWe started with crab cakes that were dry and burnt to the point that The Empress did not want them.  We then moved to bisque for me and a salad for her, both of which were average.  The main course was lobster thermidor for me and sea bass for Milady.  She said hers was just okay but I was really disappointed in mine.  There was no thermidor sauce that I could find and it was really bland.  Dessert was also pretty average.  Definitely not the quality of food you would associate with the kind of place they are trying to be.ServiceBad.  We perpetually could not get drink refills because our waiter would disappear for long stretches.  Even then, simple things like offering The Empress some pepper to take away some of the blandness of her salad were overlooked even though he did it for the table right next to ours.OverallAs you can see from this review, we were pretty unimpressed with the place.  One thing I will add is that I thought it was very low value.  We each had only one drink (because we could not get anyone to get us another one) and still ended up spending almost $200.  There are too many good restaurants in Vegas to waste time on this place.
5	AMAZING! The view was beautiful, the service stellar and the food was delectable! I had the lobster thermador. It was absolutely cooked to perfection. It was scrumptious! I would definitely go there again if visiting the Rio hotel! YUM!
4	A near perfect meal. Our waiter was a bit of a jerk. The food and the chefs were great.
3	This was my first visit to Voodoo Steak, and quite frankly will most likely be my last. The hotess we encountered to start our evening needs some work on her attitude to say the least. We were a few minutes early, so we decided to go on the outside deck and enjoy the amazing views over the city from this 50th floor restaurant. Once seated we had an amazing view again. We were given bread to start. It was very plain, but did include some raisin rolls as well(blah). We ordered the wedge salad($13) and really enjoyed it. The Lobster bisque soup came next, and had an excellent taste and left us wanting more ($12)!!  My wife ordered a Lobster, seafood dish($52) and frankly loved it. I ordered the 20oz Ribeye$(49) cooked medium Rare and this led me to my average rating. This is called Voodoo STEAK!  Well my steak was not even close to high end quality. I swear Texas Roadhouse steaks blow it away! It came out well done too! I showed the waiter, he then says "that tis really off and I will go put in another steak for you." I said well we are meeting friends at 10pm so can you rush it, "sure no problem. I apologize." After 20 minutes I decide to keep nibbling on the steak left with me. I nibbled till it was almost done and we finally see waiter again. He says kitchen is behind and its gonna be longer. I go forget it,  I finished steak(which I think was their entire goal anyway) and the $14 martini's and we left. If your wanting nice ambience, nice views, and decent service this place is fine. If your looking for premium grade steaks that are worth the expensive price, avoid!
5	We had a late dinner here on December 30, 2012. We had just drove into Vegas to spend NYE here. We were tired and didn't want to to go anywhere else after a 7 hour drive, so since we were staying at the Rio, we tried the steakhouse. All I got to say is that it was amazing. We enjoyed the food and drinks. Everything was awesome. The best part of all, you get to go up the stairs inside the steakhouse and into the night club on the roof for free.
4	Had dinner here with 5 other friends this past Friday. Ambiance was ok, a little on the darker side and there was quite a bit of noise. Not just from the diners and hustle n bustle from the staff. A quite bit of noise was emanating from the upstairs lounge. Great view of the strip if you look out the wall-to-wall windows overlooking this 50th floor restaurant. Service was very good all around. The prices were similar to other steak houses. They gave a basket of breads: a raisin wheat roll, sourdough roll and some parm lavosh. I had the prime 14oz flat iron steak which was nice n juicy. Some sides like broccoli, fries and some mix consisting of potatoes, onions, asparagus n bacon. Everyone ordered different items and it seemed all was good. A few got desserts and even a witch doctor cocktail. The witch doctor and sorbets, they all came bubbling like some hot cauldron thanks to dry ice.After dinner everyone went outside to the balcony to take pictures of the strip then left overall satisfied.
5	Great ribeye! The service was good. There when you needed service but not constantly interrupting our dinner.
5	I always eat here when I visit.  The food is great, and the view spectacular, but the service is outstanding. At our most recent visit, it took about ten minutes to be waited on....not a big deal to us.  However, the manager immediately came over and apologized and told us our meal was on him.  Wow...do they care or what?  Will I continue to eat here?  Absolutely!  Will I recommend this place to everyone?  Of course.  All high end food establishments should care this much!
4	I received some dining credits from Hilton & noted that VooDoo was on the list.  Since we hadn't been to the Rio in a while we decided to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised that this restaurant is on the 50th floor of the hotel & had an amazing panoramic view over the strip & beyond.  I was traveling with friends & we had no reservation, but on a Monday night the restaurant was quiet - we were seated immediately.  Service was provided by Tony who was excellent - attentive, knowledgable, and helpful in offering suggestions.  We picked steak tartare and lobster bisque for appetizers - the tartare rivaled any I have had in France and the bisque was amazing.  For an entree I had the lamb chops and my friends had the scallops - while awaiting dinner Tony offered us to take wine & go out on the deck to see the cityscape; the view was great!  A member of the waitstaff came to get us when dinner was ready.  Dessert was chocolate cake for me - amazingly good as well!  Service was exceptional; food was excellent; there is a night club upstairs & it started to flow into our dinner experience, so a minor ding for that, but overall would recommend and will likely come back.
4	We come here with some degree of regularity. The view from the 50th floor of the Rio is INCREDIBLE! The restaurant is quite pricey, and everything is ala carte, but it's all good and very nicely prepared. The service is good, tho we went early before the crowds arrived. We have tried numerous dishes and were always pleased. I usually have Salmon and find their's quite good. Their lamb was also quite good with generous serving sizes.Bring your camera and join the crowds taking photos of their group overlooking Las Vegas;  it's quite impressive!
5	One of the 3 best steakhouses in the city.  But the view beats them all!We've eaten here about 5 times now, and only had one problem...eating everything.  Good portion sizes, and the smells from other tables made me wonder what I'd missed!  Our waiter was excellent, and they are very personable, with great stories to tell about the city.  He made use laugh out loud three times!It is a bit of a wait for the tremendous food, though.  But last time we got the Tomahawk which probably took 30 minutes to prepare.  The drinks were also excellent!Although it's a bit pricy, it's inline with other restaurants that don't have a view of this magnitude.  Well done, Rio!
2	The view on the 50th floor was amazing. We watched the sun go down making our meal romantic. We ordered their signature drink the "Voodoo Witch."  This 30 dollar drink smoked and bubbled for about 45 minutes. It was yummy tasting like an Alabama Slammer. The flat cheese bread was quite amazing according to my husband. He also enjoyed the Chicken Gumbo soup. My shrimp appetizer was perfect. If our meal had concluded at this time, this restaurant would have gotten at least 4 stars but alas the meal continued. My husband ordered a filet mignon cooked "medium." This piece of meat arrived well-done and slightly tough. The waiter forgot my Husband's side of fries. When they finally arrived 20 min later they smelled and tasted rancid. My organic chicken was good and the bake potato was ok. The side of broccoli I got tasted freezer burned and tasted so bad I spit it out Into my napkin.  Overall this meal had its ups and downs. My husband and I agreed the meal was worth 50.00 not the 180.00 it cost.
5	Wow... Awesome experience! Me and my wife had the best steaks of our lives here T the voodoo lounge! Great service and the food was far beyond our expectations. And the prices were not that bad being as nice of a place as it was! Highly recommend for anyone wanting a special night to remember while having the best steaks I've had in Vegas period!
4	The View is amazing, and adds a romantic ambiance to the overall dinning experience. Our servers were very attentive without hovering, we got a bottle of wine, which they kept chilled at the bar for us. We got the lump crab & artichoke dip, which was delicious, and a very ample portion, so much so I opted for a salad and soup for dinner (pathetic I know while at a steak house, but the boyfriend let me try some of his steak). The wedge salad was pretty standard, good dressing, but had 2 pieces of almost whole bacon, not crumbled. The French onion soup was fabulous, cheese was nice and crispy on top, and a good amount of onions. The boyfriend got the Ribeye, perfectly cooked to medium, and nice grill marks and a juicy center. We will be back.
4	Dinner was delicious as was the service and the view on the 50th floor of the rio.decor was different  but the meal was great as was the show the rat pack returns.this was the reason we were there .
5	Crab & Artichoke dip - 10New York Steak - 10Mac & Cheese with Truffle Oil - 10View - 10This is an amazing place. Bring your Rewards Card and if you know someone who works at a Vegas hotel - discounts!
4	Great view and decent service and food.  A bit cheaper than the other prime steakhouses in Las Vegas.We ate at Voodoo after the Rat Pack show, so we just ordered appetizers for our meal.  Started with the Steak Tartare -- good, but a bit too much truffle oil.  Braised short ribs were great.  Foie gras plate was well done.Decent wine selection, a bit cheaper than Prime or Delmonicos, with some nice mid-price bottles.  Waiter wasn't particularly knowledgeable about the wine selections and didn't offer to send over a wine steward or sommelier.  We knew what we were looking for & selected for ourselves; but if we would have needed help, we would have been stranded.Probably won't go back, but we don't go to The Rio.  So, I wouldn't take a taxi to get there.
2	Went here for dinner and primarily to catch the view on rooftop.  The food was competently prepared and my rib-eye was good.  The service was bad, the waiter forgot simple utensils, and after waiting 5 minutes for him to bring me a spoon, I had to ask someone else.  Btw, the place was not very busy.  Food was expensive so I had hoped for better.  I had a much better steak dinner at "Mon Ami Gabi" for far less money than I spent here.
4	The food is a 3. The service is a 4. The view is a 5.4 stars.
5	Best oyster shooters!  Get the lobster bisque!Service and view were amazing!Waiter went out of his way to retrieve my Rewards Card!  Complimentary champagne since we were celebrating two birthdays!  We had a great time and a lovely meal!
5	The hostess had an attitude...but our waiter was great. The food was pricey but amazing and the views are phenomenal..unlike anything in Vegas! The elevator view going up was worth the prices alone. Totally worth going, especially if you're staying at the Rio (we were).. the French onion soup was delicious & my friends loved the rib eye.. I would definitely recommend it!
5	Where else can you get a 360 view of Las Vegas, with a nice dinner? Ironically, we came up here, to the 50th floor just to get a drink. But after seeing the view, and a couple great Martinis later, we decided to stay for dinner! Our bartender Antonio was so personable and fantastic. He made the best Martinis and described the best dishes served here. We want with his recommendations. The Lobster Bisque was to die for! So balanced and delicious. The scallops were seared perfectly, and the Huge bone in Rye-bye steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare and juicy! Don't forget the side shoe string fries in the cone, and a cream of spinach. We came in with no expectation, no reservation , and received one of the best dinner of our stay! One more thing, to get to the 50th (or 51 floor VooDoo Lounge), you can only access that elevator from the 2nd floor balcony. No elevator from the ground floor will go all the way to the top...
3	Well lets start with the fan favorite, the view! Incredible view. We where there for the right time, 630ish with the sun setting and the casinos turning on all there lights. So I read some reviews, and one caught me, it talked about dress code. And I agreed with the reader. If youre suppose to dress up, dress up. I dont want to see people coming up in shorts and tees, But thats just me.. First impression of the place. It was fun, the art was diffferent. Got the hostess, and she directed my girlfriend and I to my parents, where they where at the bar. Decent size bar, the bar tender was nice. We then went to our table, and was greeted by our waiter. Our waiter was okay, but wasnt the best. For the amount of money you spend there, he should on his game. But lucky for us, he was a nice guy. The food came out in a timely fashion. The steaks where cooked to what we asked for. Everyone enjoyed there food, was quite delicious. We where to full to have dessert. But they looked amazing. Instead we had coffee and tea..Also before I forget. Get yourself the Total Rewards card, It definitely helps saving some money. So if you want to save alittle money go check it out..  Afterwards we decided to head up to the voodoo club. And that was a whole different story on its own.
2	We love Steak Houses and are willing to pay Top $$$ for a great Steak!This Place has a great View from Las Vegas and OK Service, ..... BUT....the aged 20oz Steaks were tough and totally bland! We had better Steaks at the Black Bear Diner for much much less! The Servers think they are doing you a favor and it seems like they all think what a sucker of a customer is coming in! The side dishes had no flavor! 2 Stars for the View and the Deco...but really? 400 Dollar for a lousy Steak Dinner with a Bottle of Wine incl. Tip??? Don't waist your time and money, this Place needs Chef Robert Irvine for a Restaurant Rescue and the present Chef needs to go or chance his talents! I make better Steaks than that at home on my BBQ Grill! The reason we go to a "out of the ordinary Steak House" is to experience something great and something you can't do at home! What a waist of Time and Money! Sad Sad Sad !
5	Cristian is the best, top notch for sure!! and he's definitely easy on the eyes!
1	No stars.. We just walked out. Terrible service. Different menu than online by like 10-15$.. Just not very good. Have to give discount ticket to EVERYONE before even ordering.. Suspious... Probably never do back
1	Complete scam!! Got discount food tix from tix4tonight!I have done this before with good 25% off whole check.This time we were required to show our coupon to hostess and server before being seated or served.Confident we were given an over priced menu!!!!!! Able to compare online menu; as service so slow full 8$ more on our menu!!!!! Beware!! Complain!!
5	This place is a for sure must hit while your in Vegas. Best F-n food anytime night or day. Thanks for the best service ever. Will be back for sure.
1	I gave this place 1 star for the great view.If not for that it would have received a zero.I ordered the coconut shrimp for appetizer and that was good, 4 prawns fried well in a mango sauce.I ordered a 20 oz Ribeye on the bone.Of the 20 ounces, there was 5 ounces of meat and that meat wasn't even that good. The rest of it was fat and bone. Seriously guys? what kind of steak is that to serve to a customer? When I pointed it out to the server he was like yeah thats a lot of fat. Not sure what kind of customer service that was. Good thing I had a coupon for 25% off.They were lucky I was not hungry due to the previous evening's amazing food at Andre's, which charged the same price for their steak yet it was a 1000 times better.Guys do not serve inferior steak, you just lost a customer for life and I will tell everyone to avoid Voodoo Steak.
5	I can't speak to those other reviews where they were down on this place. Maybe it was just a chef having a bad day. But my experience was off the charts excellent! I had the 30 oz steak with the garlic crust and it was AWESOME. My buddy had the 20 oz ribeye, also excellent. He had the french onion soup and it was special as well.Now, maybe it was because both of us are diamond players but the service, atmosphere and food were impeccable.
4	This is one of the better off strip steak options.  The views are great from the time you step on the elevator.  The decor is in desperate need of updating, but the food makes up for that.Our server was friendly and attentive.  He handled our large group well.I started my meal with the VooDoo Style Wedge Salad.  It is a slightly different take on the wedge.  You get the standard wedge of iceberg covered in crispy cured lomo, bacon, and Maytag blue cheese.  The twist comes with the orange vinaigrette they top it with.  It is a solid salad.  The citrus makes it a little unique.For my main course I ordered the 12 oz. filet mignon.  The filet was prepared exactly as ordered.  It was tender, juicy and flavorful.  They did a very good job seasoning it as well.  The black pepper gave it some bite.We ordered a few sides for the table.  I tried the Confit Fried Fingerling Potatoes.  They were solid.  They may be a bit salty for some, but I was happy with them.This is not a cheap meal by any means, but it is inline with most quality steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The views are worth the trip at least once even though it is off strip.  If you eat later you can head upstairs to the lounge after and get even better views.
3	Husband and I came here for dinner prior to seeing Penn and Teller.  This wasn't our first pick in places to go but due to logistical issues we thought it would be best to eat at the Rio before the show.  We made a Wed night res (that morning) via open table.  The res was early, due to the show time, maybe 630 ish.  We did get a window seat with a wonderful view without requesting it.We arrived on time and were seated promptly.  We started with sangrias and French onion soup.  The soup was ok, little too much meat flavor (maybe lamb?) for my liking.For dinner I had the lamb dish over pasta.  It was ok, but very fatty meat.  Husband had the filet.  He requested it med rare with horseradish crusting.  It was cooked more to med well.  The horseradish was really not a crust as much as it was a thick horseradish sauce on the top.  We shared the fingerling potatoes - they were fantastic.Took a bit of time to get the check but the staff seemed very busy, so I give them a pass offer that.  Other than that, service was good and servers were pleasant.  The best part was that we got a surprise 25% off the check when we showed out show tickets.Overall, great view, ok food, good service, and the price isn't so bad if you get the 25% discount.  I would not recommend for dinner, but you should go to the bar, have a cocktail, and take in the view.
4	Came here for a late dinner. Ordered the tomahawk. It was really good. It's so huge I had to share it with a friend and we still had trouble finishing it. The service was very attentive. The view was awesome as well.
4	Went to VooDoo Steak for my birthday because we were staying at the Rio, got a small discount because we were part of the Total Rewards program at the hotel.  When I made the reservation on Open Table, I told them that it was my birthday and that we wanted a table on the window, which we got, but not the best view of the strip.  We both had a chance to get up and walk around the restaurant and saw at least three open tables on the window with an amazing view of the Strip, kind of disappointed about not getting one of those tables.  Other than that, the food was great, the Lobster Bisque was AMAZING, we both got the Voodoo Menage a Trios (fillet, lobster tail & shrimp) which was also delicious. They brought me cake with a candle for my birthday, service was good as well.  After, we went up to the Voodoo Rooftop Lounge, was nice that we didn't have to pay a cover because we had just had dinner.  Views were awesome, music was good and the crowd was right around our age which was nice since we are not 20 or 30 somethings!
4	What a great restaurant, there's a great view of the full Las Vegas strip and the service was awesome too! I got the Maine lobster with crab meat on top, it was amazing! And the truffle Mac and cheese is one of the top give Mac and cheeses I've ever had. I will definitely have to return next time I'm in Vegas!
4	We ate here two years ago and everything was fantastic. Ate here last spring after they added 'Steakhouse' to their name and the food and service went downhill. The witch doctor cocktail is still worth the visit though.
4	Food good. Drinks, meh.My friend and I split a seafood platter to start, then a fresh tomato salad with burata aged balsamic, and finished with a tomahawk steak.The seafood platter was fresh. Lobster, crab, shrimp, oyster. Delicious. Salad: amazing. Burata cheese was outstanding. Tomatoes are decent. Wish they would have used farmer market quality, but the quality of the balsamic burata and fresh salad well made up for it.Tomahawk steak cooked rare: delicious! Perfectly cooked! The drinks were meh. My friend had a old fashion then a Manhattan. Both were too sweet for his taste.Overall amazing view. Food is great. Service excellent. Drinks, there are better places to go on the strip.
1	Very disappointed.  Only reason I didn't give Voodoo Steakhouse zero stars is because it has a nice view.  First I ordered a Heineken in a glass.  The glass was not frosty and the Heineken was so skunky that it tasted like it was in storage for months...couldn't drink it.  Then the bread came out.  Nice butter, but bread could cut glass.  No doubt the bread was sitting out all day (2days?).  I ordered the 10oz fillet mignon with demiglaze and asked for 'extra sauce on the side', medium-rare with the truffled macc and cheese, and broccoli with garlic and oil for my two sides.  Meal came out without any sauce on the side and barely any on the meat.  I asked for my side of sauce and they brought out an amount that still wasnt enough for the whole steak.....I gave up on the sauce. Meat was dry and overcooked which is a huge negative for a steakhouse.  The macc and cheese could have been from any mediocre buffet and the broccoli was practically raw.....way too crunchy and tough.    Now it's 2 hours after eating and I don't feel 100%.....a little stomach uneasiness.  I wanted to express my thoughts to the waiter but does that really do anything other than make me look like a jerk?  So I paid my almost $90 bill with a smile....but will not be going back.
3	Voodoo Steak was ok. The best thing is the view from the top of the Rio (50th floor) of the Las Vegas Strip. We had a window table and the view was stunning and we got there before sunset and there to see the sunset, very cool. To start we had a Cheese and Chanteuse plate. It had salami with black truffles that had a great salty, earthy flavor. Also include chorizo, Gruyere, blue cheese, sharp white cheddar and kalamata olives. Also a cranberry toast with 3 jams that were plate licking good! Next was a rich, flavorful lobster bisque except the pieces of lobster were chewy. For a side the Hericot Vert with onions was seasoned well and had a good snap. The bone-in ribeye was a bit over cooked from the medium-rare I ordered. It had a bit to much pepper and overall just an ok steak for the price. Service was good but overall probably wouldn't go back for the food.
4	3 1/2 stars, but I'm feeling friendly because it was a nice experience. The 3 1/2 total rating is incredibly accurate. Had a really nice dinner here. The service was solid, view was beautiful, and while the food wasn't memorable, it was really good. PROS: As most say, the view of the LV Valley. They have a nice deck where you can go out and lounge and take in the view. The service was nice and efficient.Everything tasted good, but nothing rocked my socks so much I would have to come back for it. My husband really enjoyed his ribeye, and he's hard to please. So you get a whole star added to your rating for that. Truffle Mac and cheese was also tasty.There is a 20% discount if you show your Penn & Teller tickets.. Which you'll need because...CONS: it's much too pricey for the quality! This is fine dining prices but Outback Steakhouse quality dishes. Yes, it's plated nicely and yes the restaurant is pretty, but you're not going to get a unique flavor explosion here. It's good, just nothing to write home about. The Witch Doctor is a giant and cool looking drink but it's $31! Buyer beware. The price is not on the menu... That should have been our first clue. My $13 salad I could have thrown together at home. It was mediocre tomatoes, bitter lettuce, crumbled soggy burrata, and a light drizzle of balsamic. Ehh. If you're a fine steakhouse, please use high quality produce, cheese, and balsamic. The bread had potential but was rock hard. Overall, a nice meal, a nice view, and other than my empty wallet, nothing substantial to complain about not look forward to for next time.
4	This place was great on all of the above, service, food, and atmosphere. The view is phenomenal. They have a patio that you can walk out on and have a drink, take pictures, check out the view etc. The waiter we had was lovely! Very attentive and friendly! I had the French onion soup, filet, and we split two sides Mac n cheese and the broccoli. Everything was wonderful! French onion soup was my favorite I loved the peppercorn taste it had. Broccoli was just that, broccoli but nothing to complain about. My steak was cooked perfect and we couldn't stop eating the Mac n cheese! I will go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	This delicious restaurant is located on the 50th floor of the Rio. The view was outstanding and service impeccable. All 3 of us had the French onion soup and filet. We were all raving about both of those items. I enjoyed the broccoli, but there was nothing special about it. The truffle Mac and cheese was a favorite of the other 2 guests in my party. After dinner, we walked outside to take pictures of the beautiful scenery. Great spot!
4	Oh so my first time here and I was starving upon arrival so I ordered the platter for app and raw filet mignon with quail egg... The platter consisted of fried frog legs, a big crab cake in center, friend shrimp and scallops (I think) it was soo much but I was hungry so as a entree I ordered stuffed lobster which I did not eat all but it was good, I was really stuffed, I can't do all the fried food, it irritates my stomach so the platter wasn't a good choice but if was not nasty, quite good.. I went Luton the rooftop where the view was beautiful and they had a zip line there which I didn't get on due to dear if heights but my tummy was satisfied but def over priced in a way
2	Most of the other reviews are pretty accurate.cons:The price doesnt match the food quality. The prices on the link to the menu, dont match the actual prices. Its around $10 more. The servers are a little rude.Pros: The view from the 50th floorrib-eye was pretty good
3	I'd probably say 3.5 stars.The food was pretty average. The lobster bisque despite the hype was merely OK. The crab cakes were good. Our steaks were cooked properly, but again, were really nothing special. They couldn't serve me a witch doctor (supposedly a specialty drink of theirs) because they were all in use at the nightclub. What, special glasses or something???? I didn't understand that very much. Anyway, that was a con and we both felt the prices were too high for the quality presented. We did walk out on the roof top and the view is amazing so that was a plus. Overall is was a decent experience, but except for the view nothing was even close to spectacular.
4	Nice high view, food was superb.  Ribeye was good lobster was alright.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I wasn't expecting all this goodness.  Also cool to go to the Lounge upstairs after dinner.  Guys some of the ladies who leave chippendales come up here.  Voodoo lounge reminds me of less sexier Ghostbar at Palms
3	*** Review is for Restaurant Week August 2104 Menu ***I was to the VooDoo Steal restaurant about 10 years ago but hadn't been back since.  Restaurant Week gave me the impetus to go for dinner and to check out the new zip line attraction from the patio.You have to check in on the second floor of the Rio's Masquerade Tower and then ride the glass elevator up the side of the building to the next to top floor.  The restaurant was almost empty at 5:30 when I arrived.  I was seated quickly at a window table facing the Bellagio and other south Strip properties across the freeway.  I was soon brought menus--I had to ask for the Restaurant Week menu.  I ordered an iced tea which was soon at the table and I got a nice basket of bread.For the first course, I got the classic French onion soup.  It was a good rendition of this soup that I haven't gotten in quite some time.For the main course, I ordered the flat iron steak extra rare.  It was a little too cooked for me but not enough to make me grimace.  The cut by nature is not the most tender steak cut but it has a lot of good flavor.  The red wine reduction added to the good beef flavor.For dessert, I chose the assorted ice creams.  In this case, there were three dips of ice cream, pistachio, coffee, and vanilla with some fresh berries.Service was very good.  My empty artificial sweetener packets were removed from the table as soon as a server or busser walked by.  Iced tea was refilled before my glass was empty, and plates were cleared in a timely manner.After I ordered, my server told me to enjoy the patio and that I should feel free to take my iced tea outside with me.  This gave me a chance to take some photos and to check out that new zip line.  When I went back in, the server said he'd start my order.  This happened on my first visit years ago, and it's a nice touch especially for tourists who want to get photos of themselves with the resort corridor hotels behind them.This was a good meal but it's not a place I'd regularly visit.  It's nice now and then for the view, but there are better values closer to home.  But we all have to be tourists in this wonderful city and this is a good way to do it!
5	Such a cool spot! The views are amazing! Seafood platter amazing!!! Drinks amazing! Server beyond amazing! I ordered the coconut shrimp and mentioned that I didn't care for it. The VP of the restaurant came over apologized and thanked me for my feedback. Overall fantastic experience! Can't wait to go back
4	I came here on a Saturday night for birthday dinner and the food was excellent. I had the steak tar-tare as an appetizer, an 8oz. steak with truffle mac and cheese, and then a piece of the chocolate mouse cake for dessert (complimentary for my birthday). My table shared the witch doctor drink which was fun for us because of the fog coming out of the goblet. Everything tasted really good and fresh, but the service was kind of slow. 4 stars for the great food and friendly server (even though he was a bit slow). PS: If you choose to eat here while the night club is going on, I believe it is free to enter after dinner. I didn't really like the music that they played (top 40 from 2009-2013) when I checked out the club, but there were a lot of people there.
4	Great service, good food, nice views - especially from the patio/deck, strong drinks.  What more could you ask for?The lighting is romantic, the service was very good, the food was certainly good.  Not an extensive menu and maybe a little overpriced, but all in all I would go again.If you show up early, do the zip line with the local discount, it's a fun 2 minutes.
5	Pricey but worth it! Excellent food and service! Overlooks the strip and clean upscale restaurant...would definitely go back! Out of the four of us no one had complaints...
4	The view is extremely good, the wait service was excellent (thanks Sam) its nice to have an engaging but not overbearing waiter.  Our food was very good...the filet melted as soon as it hit our mouths and the seared scallops...wow.  We will be back.
5	I have been too VooDoo a few times and the experience has been nothing but positive. For a Steakhouse in Las Vegas, it is not badly priced. The wait staff has been nothing but friendly. My steak, which I like medium rare, has been cooked to perfection every time. The nightclub above adds a great atmosphere the restaurant along with the amazing view of The Strip. As a local, I have recommend this place to many friends visiting.
1	I should have known better that when I walked in on a Saturday night the place was dead, except for a table of 8 with a loud mouth at the helm making sure  the entire restaurant heard his conversations.Let's start off and say the place is overpriced, and has sub par food. Service was OK, had to return a portion of my wife's steak as it was bland and did not taste right. The waiter was clearly trying to do his job by apologizing and offer a replacement dish, but the damage was done and killed her appetite.The only savior of the night was a  good bottle of wine along with my wife by my side. Also the view of the strip was very nice.Save your money as there are better places to eat steak in Vegas. Being a betting man, I would bet this place will not be around too much longer.
3	Party, party, party!!!We were here to party for a friend's bday. Saw the reviews but hey, it was the best thing at Rio. Had over 20 of us so we really didn't want to complicate things migrating elsewhere for dinner. After all, after party was here at the hotel. Okkk. The food. Expected decent... Whatever food. That's what we got. Not going to elaborate too much bc there's really not much to tell. Everything is OOOOKKKKK! Ooooookkkkkk with a price tag that should be beeeeeetttttteeeeerrrr. Steaks and seafood were all on the dry side. Check out my photos. Food looks much better than it taste. Presentation was fab but I rather get something that looks like shizzz but tastes great. Just sayin...Right outside the rooftop, they got that skyline zip thing. Handful in the group went. Think it was $30 a head. Two in a seat and you get zipped back and forth. The whole actual zip time was about a minute. An experience. Final thought...If you are stuck here, this is probably the best restarant in the hotel. Came out to about $120/per. Personally, I rather go elsewhere paying the same for better food. Dahhhh!
4	Nice restaurant with a awesome view. Steak was cooked perfect and service was very good. Very pricey but we knew that ahead of time.
