1	We ordered this about a year ago shortly after they first opened. Overall the pizza was decent but seemed almost like an at home frozen throw it in the oven style and what really killed it was using CANNED MUSHROOMS! We will never go again due to our favorite topping coming out of a can...
4	My wife likes the thin crust white cheesy pizza which is a good pizza. i also enjoy the pizza from this place as well. It is a little pricey when you order their special pizza but they usually send me good coupons and they have good service. I usually order from this place when i have company and they agree that it is better pizza compared to when I get pizza hut. I ordered both once when I was having a party.
3	We ordered Marco's again... The pizza is good but the canned mushrooms just kill it, please change to fresh. We also ordered their buffalo style wings and really recommend them! Big, meaty and great flavor so if you're a fan of wings make sure to hit these up!
4	Received a coupon for a free 12" 1 topping pizza in a mail flier.  So why not?  I ordered mine with Italian Sausage.With a min $10 for delivery I guess I'll be picking up.  They are just a couple blocks away, so not a problem.  While they have 'Dining in', I'd advise against it.  It's a very small shop with just a couple tables and chairs.  Clearly not their preferred service.The pizza looks good.  Pretty simple.  (It is just sausage.)  Not overly cheesy and the crust has a nice golden hue.  Not overly cooked nor under cooked.  So far so good.  The sausage isn't something I'd call home about.  Pretty simple.  Maybe they could add some Spicy Sausage to their menu?  The cheese is good.  No piles of oil forming over the pizza.  The sauce is really good.  I nice bit of flavor and spread thin.  This keeps the dough from getting soggy and limp.  A big plus there.  As for the dough.  Not bad, not bad at all.  I'm a big bread lover.  So it's important that the crust is good enough to eat.  And Marco's delivered here.  No need for crust enhancements here.All in all I'd recommend Marco's for a quick pizza pick up.
4	So when we're visiting my mother-in-law, this is one of the places we go for good take out pizza.We got two extra large pizzas:1. "Ground Beef" pizza2. "Grilled Chicken" pizzaThe meat in the chicken and ground beef pizza met my standards: which is that they are juicy and taste good.  Both pizzas were not dry, but not overly wet as well.  It fell perfectly in the middle.The ground beef pizza, AKA hamburger pizza, was a pleasant surprise.  I usually wouldn't order that kind of pizza but my wife got it knowing the children's taste buds.  I snuck a piece and it was delicious!The grilled chicken pizza was very memorable.  I know for sure that if we're getting pizza from Marco's, one of them is going to be grilled chicken.  The crust on the pizza was not plain and was full of flavor as well.  Even after you're done with the tomato sauce, meets and cheese, the bread is in itself a reward.Take out was very quick and painless and I was happy with the food.
1	Stay away from this place.  Don't waste your money (or time for that matter)!I just moved to the neighborhood and ordered a medium pizza with extra cheese and mushrooms.  For starters, they botched my order the first time and put sausage on it... I'm allergic to sausage.  The first thing I noticed was that the mushrooms were out of a can and the pizza looked cheap in general.They replaced the pizza and big surprise... THEY GOT IT WRONG AGAIN.  This time it had pepperoni on it.  Again, I noticed how cheap the toppings looked not to mention they were really cheap about it.  They really skimp on toppings!!They replaced the pizza again and this time they finally got it right.  The pizza tasted mediocre at best and I should have just gotten Domino's or Pizza Hut or even Little Caesars instead.  This was a total waste of time and money and I will never order from here again.  This is the first internet review I've EVER written about anything but I felt that I had to do my duty as a consumer and let the public know about my experience.  This place is terrible.I'm not kidding when I say I would rather have the cheapest frozen pizza over this junk.  Cheap skimpy toppings and terrible customer service.
4	For the price Marco's is up there with rest. It's great in a quick fix. Crust is nice, and tomato sauce is nice and sweet. Nice selection of sizes and toppings. Would keep the number handy for a quick dinner when needed.
3	Marco's is right across the street from me, so I have ordered from multiple times. Its nothing great, but ain't bad either. If you normally like Pizza Hut and Domino's, you will probably like these guys a bit better.  If you're looking for East Coast style small family pizza place, this is not it, Its a bit of that pizza style produced for the masses, but a good job for what it is.
5	Best pizza I have found, possibly, ever. I order is once a week and sometimes twice on Sundays
1	FAmilia pizza is wayyyy better
1	The bread sticks taste like Papa John's but not as good, these are more doughy and taste like artificial cheese. The pizza tastes like Domino's before they made their pizza better. I don't know why anyone would order from here. $24 for cheese bread, large pepperoni, and 2 liter. We didn't eat much of it. Very mediocre, would not order from here again. The only plus was 30 minute delivery, but then again that was on a Tuesday.
1	Never ever will I go back to buy pizza & wings again.  This past Saturday I bought pizza & wings for my family.  I ordered plain wings & they gave me hot wings.  I called & told them my order was wrong so my husband went back to get the plain wings. Well my kids & I ate it and we got sick having diarrhea.  Never ever call them back that your order is wrong they will put something in your food.   Hell no will I ever ever go back again.
4	Decent pizza. Median price. Fast delivery.
5	Great pizza, good customer service, prompt delivery but a bit pricy but worth it.
4	I haven't been disappointed, I have options around me and I decided to try them one day and haven't looked back every order has been correct and hot on delivery. I have gotten a few of my friends to swap over to marco's. I only give 4/5 because it's good pizza but not the best pizza I've ever had, it's pretty standard Sunday football pizza.
1	I have ordered from here a handful of times and it has progressively gotten worse the last 3 or 4 times. Tonight is definitely the last time I order from here. Very basic pizza, just cheese and pineapple. I opened the box and the pizza was burnt. I take a bite and there is no sauce! I mean I had to lift up the burnt cheese to check for sauce! I love pizza crust, but it wasn't edible. So let's sum this up, no sauce, burnt and dry. Yep, pretty sure I've had better Little Caeser's back in the day.
2	We called because Familia Pizzeria was already closed and my husband and I had some serious late night pizza cravings. We ordered a large with pepperoni and mushroom and I wish I read that they used canned mushrooms so I could have chosen a different topping. The pizza was alright, though I found the crust to be too thick for my liking, and the canned mushrooms looked like escargot, in mushroom form. They were having a special for a large 2 topping for $10. I wouldn't have paid one penny more. I may possibly make a return visit given that they are the last people open once again, but will definitely skip the mushrooms.
5	Had Marco's for dinner last night and I was beyond satisfied!  We were promptly  serviced and the pizza was delicious! It looked better than the picture and it was the best pizza I have ever tasted! Pleasanlty surprised and Jason M. was really great with his customer service!
4	I am visiting a friend in las vegas and I'll say this.THE PIZZA WAS BOMB!!!!  peperoni jalapeno bacon mmmm mmm and i never heard of this "crust party" what the girl on the phone called it.... you can add little toppings to your crust FOR FREE........ a bit expensive but SO GOOD
5	I love Marcos! Order it at least once a week. Pam (the owner) knows me when I call. Very friendly staff and awesome pizza.
5	Never thought a Pizza Joint that is not a Big Chain Can Make Such Good Pizza's !Fast Service, Good Prices and Ohh What A Pizza!See U Soon, For Sure!
5	I know the saying, any pizza is good pizza...but this place really is awesome! Not only do they make pizza exactly how you want it (extra sauce? light cheese? burnt to a crisp? they got it). All kinds of toppings to choose from and delicious cheesy bread to boot! To top it all off (see what I did there?) the service is stellar! The staff is always very pleasant and helpful on the phone, making sure you get the best deal. Also the coupons come fast and furious, whether you're an addict (present company included) or a once in a great while-er, they never forget about you! Love me some Marco's!
5	This is our favorite pizza!!!  We've settled on the New Yorker... It's the best.  The only thing I don't like are the wings, and I generally love wings.  I have ordered them well baked and extra well baked and they just seem too moist to me.  I do not like soggy wings!!  So we quit ordering wings but order pizza every week.  Best in town!!!!
5	This is hands down the best pizza chain in america! Seriously ....the ingredients are fresh, and sauce has an extra zing to it. The delivery is fast and my order is always accurate.  This place is a tad more expensive than other places, so be sure to ask if they are running any specials.  Look out for coupons for extra savings.  The staff are friendly and patient! Thank you!!
4	Came around hoping for a cheesy, delicious slice of pizza, but they don't sell by the slice. I tried the pizza sub instead and it really delivered. Satiated my craving with no complaint. Was here in the middle of the afternoon on a Saturday and was the only customer. Daniel took my order and gave me great service!
4	They went out of their way to deliver to me right at closing time which was great. Cheesy bread is awesome. Pizza is decent, for Vegas. Better than Little Caeser's or Pizza Hut for sure!
5	I don't understand reviewers like the lady below (FG?) who orders from this place, and then complains about the price? Like, you have a choice in what you eat for dinner, lady. The prices are written directly on the menu. No shocker there. If it's too expensive, get yourself to the grocery store and make yourself a cheap affordable meal. Then have fun reviewing yourself. I happen to think Marco's is excellent, and worth the money. Service is fantastic. If you want pizza in Vegas, this is the place to go.
5	Love this place!We got delivery, which was extremely fast. The pizza was actually too hot to eat at first. Both pizzas were amazing! They did everything perfect. Cheese, topping, sauces and crusts. Will definitely be ordering more
4	I've seen this place on Yelp and I had driven by it countless times and I finally stopped in yesterday.  Not the greatest eating-in facilities but the pizza was really good.  Great crust, great tasting toppings and good sauce.  I'll definately be ordering take out or delivery from this place in the future.
4	I order from this place a lot and it's always been very good. The family loves it, I usually get pepperoni and sausage, regular crust with parmesan topping. The White Cheesy is always a good choice, the cheesy bread is awesome. I've had better pizza, but, for the price nobody else can touch Marcos
5	This place is so good! And that's saying somthing being from the east coast :) they are always on time and it's hot
2	Not great, I would have preferred a frozen pizza instead. Super greasy, not a crispy crust. RUN to Grimaldi's instead!!
2	Don't like at all... Too doughy and too expensive. Not very good pizza. It reminds me if Papa John's (gross).
5	I have ordered from this place several times and it has been consistently good. For a chain pizza place, I am pretty impressed with the overall quality & taste of their pizza and cheesy bread. The regular prices are pretty decent (huge cheesy bread for $5), but the coupon deals are awesome! You can always find a decent deal either online or through direct mail. Definitely my go to place for cheap, quality pizza.
4	They offer some pretty good pizza and a great Greek salad. The salad is big enough for 2 to share. I would definitely order again.
5	We have ordered delivery from Marco's a few times now,  and their pizza as well as customer service is fantastic.  The food is always consistent and the quality is spot on, especially for a chain establishment.  I didn't know until today's order,  You could have the crust seasoned.  We opted for both parmesan & garlic crust topping (offered at NO CHARGE! ) The delivery times are always before quoted. For instance,  today estimated time was 35 minutes.  24 minutes after ordering,  our doorbell rang,  and our professional pizza driver brings our complete order (I always order extra sauces, and Hut & game pieces never bring them,  excuses,  and I've already paid on card..., let's get back to Marco's) The pizzas had ample toppings,  no big bubbles, perfect crust and was piping hot!  Our family chef salad had tons of high quality meats & cheeses and crisp well seasoned house made croutons. We usually order the family deal,  instead of wings (our usual choice) we went with the chicken dippers. Those were small,  my kiddos liked them,  but for 10 quarter to half dollar size chicken nuggets,  I would suggest sticking to the wings. We are very happy with Marco's pizza and we'll continue to order from them. The pizza tastes fresh and are made with good ingredients and the dough is fresh and made in house.  Definitely look up a coupon,  there are plenty to be had. The people working the phones are polite and knowledgeable and are patient when you blank out or change your order.  Marco's,  keep up the quality & the great pizza!Today's order was done through the online ordering system and again,  showed up perfect,  as ordered.  Since we had a coupon and knew exactly what we wanted, we tried out the online ordering system and again 5!
4	Oh Marcos......how I love you!!! I absolutely love the pizza from here! First off they always say 40 to 50 minutes till delivery and they come in less than 40 it's awesome when you have 3 hungry munchkins at home. The prices and deals are phenomenal especially compared to Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Little Caesar's!! Yuck!!!!! Costumer service is outstanding, always. Don't want to cook or go out try their pizza!
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars.  Don't waste your money. This pizza is nasty. I posted a picture of the greasy, disgusting pizza they delivered. It's gross.
3	Great pizza, get the garden pizza, only issue is I feel not safe at all when they lock the door. You have to ring the bell if you want in. What's up with that???
3	It's not "authentic" as I have been to Napoli many times but it is good. It's better than your Papa Johns and your Pizza Hut but it's not authentic. I still prefer Rocco's New York Style but I live in the area and it's close. I would order from them again.
5	The best pizza so far is their pepperoni but its so good I keep reordering it! Never had a bad pizza from here! The dough is amazing I love pizza but only good pizza and there is a huge difference! A must try for sure!
4	We were hungover and tired.. Did not want to leave the house so delivery was the only option.. Only problem was that it was 9:30am.. We tried a couple places but no luck and then we stumbled upon Marco's.. A VERY nice lady picked up the phone and took our order she let us know that their delivery guy doesn't come in until 10:30 so we would get our food at 10:40.He was right on time with our food..! -Chicken Poppers: Were soft and tasty but comparable to any other fast food joint..-Cheesy Bread: Comes with marinara sauce.. Basically tastes like garlic bread with cheese = YUM-Greek Salad: I was impressed with the fresh ingredients they used in their salad and they don't use cheap ice berg lettuce so ++++++
3	All good pizza, no complaints and arrives on time.They also do catering or group orders which we got at work a few times but these were not very impressive.
5	We love Marcos! Much better than those big pizza chains. Tastes more home made. We have ordered from them about a hundred times and have never been disappointed.
4	Good pizza. Got the crust with all three of their seasonings as recommended on yelp. Pretty good price and they are consistent with delivery times. The cheese bread doesn't come with dipping sauce so make sure you ask for it.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas and super friendly staff.  Love you Marcos pizza you are awesome!!
1	RUDE RUDE RUDE everytime I call to order and the people that answer the phone they are rude.  I rec'd a coupon saying we missed you from the owner tried to use it and called and got Kayla forget it not worth the run around or the attitude. I will go somewhere where they actually want the business.  I ask for Pam the owner to call me a month ago and the night manager refused to even give her the messenger.  Will be the last time I attempt to give them any business.
5	Delicious pizza and excellent service. What more can you ask for? Oh yeah, great price!  They are always sending out coupons like buy one pizzeria get the second free.  Sounds like a win-win situation to me!
3	Pizza is always amazing.  However whenever I order deliver it is always wrong.  Just wish they would pay more attention to the orders before the leave the store.  There is nothing more frustrating than waiting for 45 minutes for your food only to get what you didn't order.
4	Marco's Pizza is a favorite treat for us and we enjoy it once or twice each month. We've done both delivery and takeout. Our house is only a couple minutes from their location, we I prefer to go get it myself. The pizza is consistently tasty and always what we expect. The price is a little higher than other pizza options, but you are getting better pizza. Service has always been with a smile and the staff is always hustling to get my order out on time. I've never had a complaint about this location in any of our 12 or so visits when I do pick-up. However, I cannot give 5 stars because if you order for delivery, you might get cold pizza.
5	They have tasty pizza (they do a great thin crust) and have online ordering.  What could be better?
1	Good pizza but horrible service. Very rude on the phone when asking questions about their specials. Will call another pizza place that can take the time to talk to me. Will not order from here again.
4	Had 2 create your own last night and have to say they were the best pizzas that I've had in a long time, crusts were spot on and toppings were fresh with the exception of the mushrooms which looked canned. Italian sausage topping had a classic fennel taste. One was a deep dish style which I am normally not a fan of as I find them too greasy, this was really good!!!
