5	Yummy frozen yogurt for all tastes!!
5	this is the fastest chain growing in the us. when you try it u will know why.from a to z its a first class operation. i visited them in California and got a private tour in the main headquarter.  the right concept with the right people.lots more surprises more to come.so to visit your local menchie's opening the weekend of 4/30/11
5	I know 5 stars is for something that is your absolute favorite...but what can I say?  I'm not a huge sweets person, so I was prepared to be a little unimpressed by Menchies since even Ben and Jerry's fails to make me swoon, but I thought it was absolutely terrific!  They have about 10 different flavors out at one time, from coffee to peanut butter, and tart-y options like euro tart (vaguely tangy like sweetened yogurt) and blueberry tart, and you can try all sorts of things  before committing to anything.  And it's by weight and not size, so you can get as little as you want.  For someone who can't handle a ton of yogurt/ice cream, this is perfect!I ended up going with 5 oz. of coffee/peanut butter/cookies and cream mix, and it was just delicious.  The cookies and cream was my favorite.  The coffee was fairly strong and not super sweet, which was fine by me.  My friend had been there 4-5 times, and got cookies and cream with a little chocolate and some caramel sauce--their toppings are impressive.Overall, I just loved it--the funky presentation, the variety of flavors, the ability to pick your own, the tasting options, and the options to get just as much as you need (and did I mention cheap?  I got out of there for about $2.50...how often does that happen for dessert??)Luckily for me, they're right down the street from my house.  I see a return visit in my near future!
4	Frozen Yogurt Shops seem to be a dime a dozen in Charlotte these days. Menchies has added some really good an unique flavors and has the widest array of toppings I have seen yet. They could benefit from more cut fruit.It is a good place in a good location and I am sure to be back.
5	Reasons I love the Menchie's:*Pretty much every fro yo flavor you can think of (Try the cookies n cream and cake batter combo--you don't even need to die to go to heaven!)*Tons of toppings-sweet toppings, salty toppings, candy toppings, fruity toppings along with a variety of syrups*Self serve baby*Bright and colorful decor--lime green and pink interior? LOVE IT!*With their rewards program, you don't earn points, you earn smiles **awwwww***Smileage card they offer for every 50 smiles you receive, you get $5 *If you register your Smileage card online, you get 25 smiles right there!*Employees as sweet as their toppings*Located right off East Blvd so if you're taking a strolling, you can just stop in and then be on your merry way*Clientele that loves the Bieber as much as I do.
5	I have been to several of Charlotte's fro-yo places now, and Menchie's is my favorite. If you like options, like I do, you'll be pleased with this place. They carry the largest selection of yogurt flavors and the most toppings available. I usually opt for the plain/original tart yogurts at these places, and Menchie's has the best flavor.The atmosphere is probably the nicest out of the yogurt shops I've visited. It's well-lit and spacious. You can get a table and enjoy your treat, without sitting at eye-level with someone's behind as they stand in line to place their order. They have a great outdoor seating area on East Blvd. The building is set back from the road a bit, and the next building over provides a nice, additional barrier against the frenzy along the street. My only suggestion for improvement is to keep up with the organization around the toppings. The self service aspect means they get messed up and quickly. You really need to have someone on top of it at all times. Messy self-serve stations make me nervous--especially with so many kids using the utensils (well I hope they're using the utensils).
4	Just visited here over the weekend and I must say I was pretty impressed.  I like the little patio outside and the interiors were nice and playful.  I also enjoyed the main reason I went....the yogurt!  Very good indeed.  I had the red velvet flavor adorned with all kinds of nonsense type toppings.  Pretty much anything you could think of to put on top of yogurt you can find here.  I had heard about the smiles program (how cute) but wasn't offered it before checkout and so just passed all together, knowing I would probably be back anyway.  Foul on the checkout person!  Tell me before!  Outside of that, I loved it.  Biggest drawback they have for this location is that I'm not sure if it's just this particular day I was there but there is a dumpster around the back where the additional parking is and it stunk so bad I had to resist gagging....yes that bad.  Not something I want to smell before eating anyway.  Hopefully next time I go it won't be that way.This is a great little Sunday treat!
3	Not my favorite yogurt place in Charlotte, but a solid addition. They have more variety of flavors than some other yogurt shops, and more toppings, too. Unlike other fro-yo shops, the flavors and toppings tend more toward the dessert side of things, so if you're looking for a lower-sugar indulgence, this may not be the place.
4	I vowed to NOT fall for this newest frozen yogurt craze... but thanks for my corruptors aka friends who "dragged" me to Menchie's last night after Zoes Kitchen, I may have been converted.I particularly enjoyed the self serve aspect... they even have little sample cups out for us to use.  It's way better than being in line with the whole world behind me wanting to stab me to death while I'm trying to taste and make up my ever-changing mind.  So... after tasting half the store, I ended up with a little Peach Mango Tart and a little Dulce de Leche.  I topped my Peach Mango Tart with fresh mango & peaches (soooo ingeniously thought out...)  and Dulce de Leche with Oreo crumbs.  And they were delicious.  Not too heavy yet chillingly refreshing (for a hot hot day) and supposedly it's low/no fat (ok, not the Oreo crumbs part).  AND because it's by weight, my little order came out to be just over $2, very effortable and guilt-free.I guess I have become a fan, but I have to draw my line somewhere, thus I vow to not stand in a wrap-around-the-neighborhood line just to get some delicious treat (I'm taking bets on how soon I'm going to break that vow...)
5	My favorite 'i am not at work so cant go to Frozen Aisle' froyo joint!  The old Lotus location is perfect for froyo setup.  Many different fab DIY nonfat or lowfat flavors of frozen yogurt with as many trial baby cups as you need to find your favorite flavor.  YUM Captain Crunch toppings!!!  Fresh fruit is divine here but they do run out of the popular fruits towards the end of the evening.  There is plenty of seating inside and outside overlooking East Blvd.  (Dont forget to activate your Menchies frequent buyer card!!!!)  Parking is in the back - love you Menchies!!  :-D
5	If there were more stars, Menchie's would receive more! :)The shop is SO inviting! Bright and bold colors & how cute is the mascot?! Yogurt flavors + all the yummy toppings - OH MY!Don't get too settled on a favorite yogurt flavor! ; ) They shift flavors in & out on a regular basis.Every time I go in there, there are teenagers / early 20 year olds working. Not that there's anything wrong with that, just interesting.
4	Cake Batter froyo. That is the reason I'm a fan of Menchie's. Oh - and it's super clean, full of smiley employees and the biggest toppings station I've seen in a while. I topped by cake batter froyo with Butterfinger bits, milk chocolate chips and Kit Kat chunks. Oh yes I did. It's a similar set up to other serve yourself froyo establishments...just be sure to gather some semblance of self control when you're creating your froyo creation. At $.42 per ounce you can indulge to just about any degree. And be sure to try the cake batter. Nom nom.
5	love this place just moved to charlotte mi favor place so far and great staff :DDDD
4	Total clusterfuck, but that's not Menchies fault, it's all the people with their little paper sample cups dicking around. Jeez, let the people who know what they want, get it and go. Totally cute spoon and the frozen yogurt was creamy, dreamy delicious. It might be my favorite. I had peanut butter and chocolate. Oh, and it was only $1.91. The best yogurt and priced nicely, no wonder it's packed.
4	Menchie's is so darn cute!  I mean c'mon, along with the yogurt, they sell trinkets like stickers and charms, emblazoned with smiling characters like a Sprinkle, or PB, a peanut butter cup. All together now... AWWWWW.The yogurt itself is the self-serve and weigh kind, like Yoforia (not Pinkberry or Red Mango where someone pipes it in a cup for you).  I like their unique flavors like taro fro-yo, or guava-line sorbet (which is FANTASTICO).  The toppings are pretty standard, a crunchy treats section of candies and cereals and nuts, and a fruit bar with fresh fruits and mochi. Love how pet friendly they are with a big water bowl on the patio.  The manager is also super sweet and dedicated to the store.  Big plus!
3	Tasty and cute.A do-your-own frozen yogurt spot.  Obviously a place like this runs the risk of falling into poor favor due to poor choices on the part of the individual.  If you don't like the tartness of actual frozen YOGURT, then you probably shouldn't get one of the "tart" flavors.  Or at least mix it with one of the non-tart, more sweet flavors.  I went for a strawberry and cake batter with a little chocolate on top, mixed in some fresh strawberries, nuts and choco sauce and had me a nice little shortcake.  In a waffle cone.  It was yummy.  The Japanese look of the place is almost overwhelmingly cute.  I would expect to see the spot crawling with kids but no, when we went after dinner on I think a Thursday it was chock full of yuppies and Chads.  Odd.Obviously with any boutique dessert place it doesn't end up being cheap because really, who's gonna eat 4 ounces of froyo.  But if you're in the area, I suppose if you've just had shawerma at the kabob place or got your yoga on next door, you might make a stop here.
4	Oh goodness how cute is this place? If I had kids you know I would bring them here. There are good things and bad things about Menchie's but I can't resist, I am a fan because this green and pink themed froyo castle is just the bee's knees! Good: Bright, cheerful, and the staff is super helpful! If they aren't offering samples or ringing you up the staff is cleaning up crumbs or spills that may have been left by tiny hands. Usually self-serve makes me think about all the nasty things that can crawl on peoples hands but with hand sanitizer strongly encouraged this place puts worries at ease. The flavors of sorbet and some yogurts are super tasty... some arent but I'm getting to that... The sorbet is prob my favorite thing here. Also you can't go wrong with the plethora of toppings. Mochi (x) Fresh Fruit (x) cereal, cookie dough, and brownie bits (xxx)! BAD!: Big pet peeve are those huge paper bowls that every self serve place has. It is almost impossible to portion control with a pint sized bowl! I always get more then I want but I guess that is the point. Also I hate the TART flavor. I judge based on this flavor almost always. Menchie's Tart flavor sucks! I wish I could say I liked it but ugh... Make it taste like Yogurt.... and I could be happy. Overall a 3.5 experience. I love froyo and I will always be a Tasty Yo babe!!   But Menchie's is a Tasty experiance.
5	By far one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  My boyfriend and I go here at least twice a week and I am ashamed to admit that I actually have a Menchie's reward card (I received $5 free on my last visit!).Not only are there amazing options for ice cream & toppings, but they have Dairy-free & sugar-free options too!  Being Lactose Intolerant I've always had to avoid fro-yo places... but not Menchie's!  They have stolen my heart (and my stomach).You are doing yourself a disservice if you have not visited this little gem.5 stars, hands down.
4	I go to Menchies fairly often because it is near me and I  like their soft frozen yogurt.   I love the original (plain) because I happen to like frozen yogurt that tastes like yogurt.  Self serve and by the ounce with a variety of tart and sweet flavors and candy and fruit toppings.   Cute and bright shop with an outdoor patio and in store tables, and a small glassed room for celebrations.To be honest though, I like Yoforia and Pinkberry just as much.   I go to whichever I am closest to at the time I want fro yo.
4	Wow. this place is a candy shop and frozen yogurt shop's love child. You pick your own frozen flavors and toppings. It's amazing.  However, the ginormous, serve-yourself, one-size-fits-all cups make it easy for you to go overboard on the frozen treat and toppings.  And the price is by weight so first time I visited, I paid 9.50 for a big tub of frozen yogurt. (whoa). I need smaller cups to portion control!
5	When I am craving a sugary, cookiey, chocolaty, peanut buttery, marshmallowy "healthy" froyo wonderland, I choose Menchie's (as opposed to a fruit-filled tart fryo, in which case I choose Yuforia for their unmatched fresh fruit selection).The store is targeted for kids, without a doubt.  Decorated like a room in Willy Wonka's factory, the bubblely mosaic of fuchsia and green compliments the sugary goodiness contained within to overload your senses. Not surprisingly, I see a ton of kids here, even late at night and sometimes with a hula hoop, which is somewhat disconcerting. Still they have a windowed room that usually corrals most of the rug rats, so I appreciate that.On to the yogurt! It is awesome. Right amount of a creaminess and good flavor, I have yet to commit to less than 3 flavors per a visit. They got your basics and usually a few fun flavors: dulce de leche, red velvet, cake batter. But where they really shine are the toppings. This is the great differentiator among froyo shops. Here they have all sorts of ground up goodies: graham crackers, reese's, butterfinger, etc. The selection is sprawling and the containers full, so I am happy. Where the toppings truly shine are the HEATED caramel, fudge, peanut butter, and marshmallow possibilities. Each in their own little pump-activated crock-pot, you can douse your yogurt with super-heated awesome. The heat adds a whole new dimension to the froyo experience that I simply must aplaude.With the exception of the creepy froyo-headed mascot for the store, whose head I strangely want to eat, this place rocks to the point of me having to impose a once a week rule to coming here.
4	Menchies is not my favorite fro yo shop in Charlotte, but it's a close second.  To me, Yoforia's fro yo tastes better, but Menchie's has more flavors and toppings to choose from.  The prepacks are also a good deal to take home and munch on.  I would definitely recommend getting the smiley card...Ive already gotten three free servings by using it.
5	Hands down the reason I love this place is the wide array of frozen yogurt flavors coupled with a HUGE selection of toppings.  I am always seduced by the sweet crumbly toppings (oreos, butterfinger, peanut butter cups, granola, etc) along with the warm, gooey syrups (marshmallow, caramel, fudge, peanut butter).  Since I love the sweet toppings so much I can't even tell you if their fresh fruit selection is that great.  That is not really the reason to go here, its more for the sweet, sugary stuff.The environment is definitely distinctive from other frozen yogurt places.  It is very obviously targeted at children.  There is a large cartoon character on everything with a swirly frozen yogurt head (seemingly their little Menchie mascot), along with bright pinks and purples splattered across everything in the store.  This is definitely a kid-friendly environment - there are even hoola-hoops about for children to play with.
5	Awesome frozen yogurt. What else can I say? I think it's better than TCBY--the yogurt is much more smooth and creamy. Mix ins are plentiful and most are good. Not only that, they have fruit, which adds a lot of weight to your yogurt--be careful i you're on a budget.
5	I only sampled a few because I really was very full and was there more to tag along with friends who wanted dessert after dinner. They have a variety of flavors decadent...sweet...tangy.... from red velvet to irish cream to strawberry banana they had it covered. Most of everything I tasted was delicious. The yogurt was very creamy - I am pretty sure I could fool my ice cream loving boyfriend with this magical stuff. They had way more toppings than anyone could ever want -fruit, candy,cereal, syrups etc. If it goes on ice cream, chances are they have it here.The place was clean, staff friendly,  they had plenty of seating, and cute decor. Next time I want a frozen treat I definitely will check out this place again!
4	I love that they have many more toppings compared to some of the other fro-yo places in Charlotte. The  clerks always seem to be happy on each of my visits, no complaints about cleanliness and nice flow of traffic to the yogurt.  Comparable prices as the other shops, yet there are some rotation of different flavors. It is a good idea to sign-up for the Menchies club. We will keep coming by for sweet frozen treat.
4	Menchie's offers dairy-free sorbet!! Need I say more? OK... I'll say just a bit more... This is the only frozen yogurt shop I've found in Charlotte that offers a non-dairy option. Kudos to them for catering to those of us with allergies (or those who choose not to eat dairy)!My husband & friends spend the first few minutes of our visit sampling all the fun, regular flavors available. I stick with the sorbet options and load up on the traditional & quirky toppings. You pay by the weight of your finished creation, which I thought was a reasonable price. I've been here a few times now and will most definitely be back!
5	Went to Menchies over Easter time. Excellent assortment of flavors to choose from. They do a much better job than the other shops such as Pinkberry. Cant wait till they come to the Philadelphia area.
4	Finally got to try Menchie's the other afternoon.  It was a nice Sunny Sunday so the place was pretty busy... there were lots of kids running around,  but the setup inside seemed pretty cool.... all the yogurts were located on a round wall and the register was in a circle island in the middle of the floor.  Bright pink and greens were everywhere and there was a decent selection of toppings and hot toppings (fudges, caramels, etc).I didn't see how it really distinguishes itself from the other froyo places, but it's still a solid 4 in my opinion.  The only thing I wished was that there was more order in the line.... it could have just been all the people standing around like Tonya P was saying, but it just seemed like a free for all.  Next time I will call ahead to make sure I am the only one in there (j/k).
4	I never really bought into the Fro-Yo phenomenon, I was a TCBY kid and in the end really just love ice cream too much - until I was introduced to Menchie's. What won me over at first was the variety in options, paired with the spectrum of damage possible. Sure, I can get my non fat, no sugar fruit base and cover it only with fruit, mochi, and boba. Or, I can get a slightly less good for you (I'm pretty sure the max anything has is 4g/fat per serving) chocolate nonsense and sprinkle it with every imaginable cookie and candy crumble then bathe it in chocolate fudge. Either way, I'm happy. The employees are friendly enough and I love that I have control over exactly how much I put in my cup. I haven't visited a ton of places in town, so I'm not sure how Mechie's compares - but this place does the trick for me. The flavors are a little slow to rotate but I do really like what they have, and the toppings are awesome. Nice little patio, but beware the small children (I like to avoid peak after-school times).
5	Great rotating variety of flavors, wide variety of toppings, and my favorite, peanut butter sauce, which I haven't seen anywhere else.  Yum!
3	Tucked into the corner of this plaza next to a yoga place, a variety of fun flavors and good toppings make me a fan of this place.  I can't get enough of the create-your-own-froyo-sundae places.Any place that offers peanut butter fro-yo can't possibly be bad in my book.  They also offer such flavors as cake batter, coffee, Irish mint, dulce de leche, and even honeydew freeze (and many, many more).  They rotate out some flavors every week.  They also have a big topping station, with multiple candy bar toppings, syrups (including marshmallow flavor), cereal, cookie dough, boba, and nuts (and still more).  Prices are pretty reasonable at $.42 an ounce.  The inside is cute and colorful, with a decent amount of indoor and outdoor seating.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Parking close by can get a little annoying on weekends, but they have plenty of parking in the next lot over near Harris Teeter.
5	The best fro yo in CLT
2	I've only been to Menchie's once.That was about 6 months ago, and I haven't felt much desire to return since then. While the store's decorating scheme is delightfully kawaii*^_^!, and the gentleman working the counter was very helpful, ultimately, I just didn't care much for the product. I am a fan of tart yogurt, but yogurt cannot get by on tart cred alone. I sampled maybe half of the flavors on tap when I was there, and ultimately did buy a small cup of somethingorother (now, you *know* things aren't great when I can't remember my order), but each and every one left me feeling...flat. Like there was too much ice and not enough anything else. I'm not sure if there was something in the ingredients that was putting me off, or if it was just the excess of sugar and low/non-fat recipe combination, but I couldn't even finish my small serving because I was getting a headache from the weird texture/mouthfeel/lack of "food-ness" (that's totally a word, btw). Honestly? I'd rather have TCBY. And you should know, that's not a TCBY endorsement.I *have*, however, kept my iconic pink spoon. That thing is great.
4	Menchie's is the closest place to walk for frozen yogurt in our neighborhood. I had seen Menchie's in Atlanta but never actually tried it until we moved to Charlotte. Menchie's offers more flavors that many yogurt shops (flavors rotate) and has franchises in almost every state, Canada and in quite a few other countries. Many of the flavors are certified Kosher, which certainly makes it a popular destination in the Toco Hills section of Atlanta. I prefer the tart yogurts and recently enjoyed some plain tart with fruit from Menchie's. I wish Menchie's would offer a green tea flavor - my absolute favorite! Kids have fun here piling on the toppings and enjoying visits from the mascot! At this location there is even a room for a birthday party.
3	Came here a few weeks ago on a hot sunny day. It's another fix-it-yourself fro yo chain. Flavors including the tart are bland at best. Good toppings but nothing else. There are better options, IMO.
4	This place is so fun! It's usually very clean - only rarely have I seen some messes left behind that weren't cleaned up quickly. Yogurt is very yummy and there are tons of add-on selections. Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth!
5	I've been to many a Menchie's and this one is just as good. Large variety of toppings, reasonable prices and plenty of innovative flavors. The young girl working the counter the first time I was there was kind of a space cadet, but you can't knock them for one employee. Long story short, I'm a fan.
3	Unimpressed! The name of this place is pretty enticing and the location is convenient to Dilworth and many other local eateries. However the topping selection is so very minimal, the flavor of the yogurt not the greatest and the prices so high by comparison I really feel there are a great number of other options in other places. I'm not familiar with the build-your-own frozen yogurt bowl scene in Charlotte but up in Huntersville we have a TCBY which is unbeatable and a place called Yo World which is great too.Probably the only claim to fame this place can say they have is the high-quality collectible pink spoons which my girlfriend's room mate has used to stock her kitchen silverware drawer. Oh well, it was a late night sweet tooth craving and that was satisfied at the least.
5	Never disappointed here.
4	I had a serious craving for some frozen yogurt and had never been in here so I decided to stop. It did not help that I was filling up my car across the street and had to stare at people going in and out.  I walked in the back door and walked to the front and looked at all the flavors - I am typically a vanilla guy with non chocolate mix ins, but this time the buttered popcorn caught my eye and my pallet. YUMMY - a little salty, a little sweet, and I mixed in a little snickers bars and oh my - YUM YUM!!
5	Great frozen yogurt! Love that you pay by weight. You get so much more out of that. So many toppings to choose from and lots of different flavors. Love the cookies n cream yogurt.
2	I really enjoyed this place a lot until recently. Went there last Friday after work. They were out of Classic Vanilla and Chocolate. Uh. How does that happen?! Anyways, so I tried to make to with the tropical fruit flavor. Then I proceeded to the fresh fruit. There were GNATS all over the UNCOVERED fruit. I guess they left the doors open to the business and forgot they had fruit out on the toppings bar. I was very disappointed. I really loved this place but I might have to turn to Sweet Frog after this experience.
3	Good yogurt, plenty of toppings. Service if friendly. Would return.
3	Overall, Menchie's in a decent fro-yo option in the Dilworth area. Plenty of flavors to try. Most are sweet with only 2 tart options when I visited. The flavors do rotate. I liked the consistency, not too creamy and not icy.  Some of the flavors definitely made me think soft serve and not fro yo... Good? Bad? Undecided. But I noticed that it melted really fast. By the time I dispensed it into my cup, put the toppings on, and paid for it, there was a decent melted pool in the bottom of my cup. That made me a little sad. They had some samples of their fresh made waffle cones/bowls. Delish. I would definitely recommend their waffle products!I teeter totter between liking self-serve vs. full serve fro yo places. Menchie's is a self-serve joint. Which means: a) You can sample as many flavors as you want. Just grab the small paper sample cups on the counter. b) You can put all 12 flavors in one cup if you so desirec) You can top away and decorate to your hearts desire.But I must warn you, self serve places definitely have their negatives. a) So, when you pay by the ounce you gotta be careful how much you put in that cup. They only offer one size cup, which is quite large(!) and easy to fill if you aren't swift handed with the dispensing lever. The toppings bar is quite dangerous as well... Fill up your cup too much and you may be walking away with an $8 cup of fro yo. My cup was around $5 and I felt like I went pretty easy filling up the cup. It was maybe 1/2 full. b) Toppings are also self-serve... I try not to think of the bogger picking little fingers that have been all over those scoops. But hey, some germs never killed anyone right... think of it as free immune system training! c) The toppings bar options weren't that great/healthy. They had plenty of dry toppings - crushed cookies, cereal, gummi bears, choco chips, and many other hfcs laden options. But I thought the fresh fruit area was lacking. The fruit I saw was cut into large, unappealing chunks and some of it didn't look all that fresh.  While not my favorite fro yo joint in the QC, it does deserve a mention. I like this location better than other Menchie's locations I've visited (it's a franchise). Sign up for a Smileage card if you are a frequent visitor.
3	I am a huge fan of yogurt, but I love the old school places that make it for you. I had heard good things and in my area, i had to check out Menchie's. They have a great selection of options, which change daily, and allow tastings. I did taste a few options and filled my cup, no toppings. It was good, but the price is based on the weight and can be deceiving. It is a nice stop with outside tables to enjoy on a warm afternoon, but I will stick to some of the non-self serve yogurt shops..
5	I'm a big fan of froyo and I used to frequent the small cakes caddy-corner while my friend always swore by Menchie's.  I finally checked them out this year and I am hooked.  Usually I don't swirl because a FroYo place will have 1 flavor I love with 1 I detest, but whoever pairs the flavors always hits it spot on!  Plus unlike the TCBY I never have an issue with the dispensers actually dispensing.  Ever try the greek yogurt at TCBY?  Well neither have I because it's hard to push cement through a hole the size of a penny and I get sick of waiting.I wish they had mochie like other froyo places since that is chewy and doesn't freeze like many toppings, but overall they have plenty of toppings.Much better than TCBY and a close call with Yoforia.
5	I was visiting a friend of mine in Charlotte, and we swung by Menchies. The cutest, sweetest sales girl helped us. So friendly, and legit LOVES her job. Spoke to everyone who walked in. I think her name was Kayla. I will def be back!!!
3	I'm a big fro-yo fan and this one is pretty par for the course. A standard amount of flavors, and a good selection of toppings- more candy than fruit.  Very friendly staff. All in all your typical frozen yogurt chain.
5	Nothing negative to say hereClean, great variety of flavors and toppings, sweet staff.
4	This is the best yogurt place when you are being gluten free because they tell you right on the label if it has gluten.  Also they tell you things like high fructose corn syrup is in it or if there is dairy.Basically this is the best labeling system I have seen, and I've seen a lot.Now for the flavors, they have normal ones like chocolate and vanilla, but they also have fun favors like this month is key lime pie (gf).  It's fun to mix and match and their toppings are the same as any other yogurt place (and I wish they had mochi's).The fun spoons are my favorite part however, all the different colors and themes it's like you have to keep going there to get the next spoon!Overall it's a fun place to get some frozen yogurt and  not so healthy toppings and hang out, like I do with my dad almost monthly!
5	Best Fro-yo place I have ever been to! Very clean, cute place. Also, such a friendly and helpful staff. Excellent yogurt flavors and toppings; chocolate covered strawberries, fresh fruit, waffle crisps, and so much candy.
5	Menchies is a typical self-serve froyo bar with a fantastic selection of toppings. The froyo has a great creamy texture to it which is sometimes lost at other places. As someone with a gluten allergy, I appreciated that every flavor had a plaque above it highlighting allergens and including nutrition information (often absent in similar stores).
4	Great yogurt, great topping choices, very clean, and very family friendly!
4	My favorite place for frozen yogurt in charlotte. It is clean, the staff are friendly and they rotate flavors constantly.
4	FroYo - Cute and Easy.The greeting here was great and they let you sample before you choose. Just don't go too crazy with that and sample everything (like some people do) and slow everyone down.The place is super cute, lots of seating, well-lit and they have a lot of choices. I like the toppings and always add boba to my FroYo.I would come here all the time if it was closer to my house. I love FroYo!
5	I have heard about Menchie's for years. I have heard the comparisons to Pinkberry and other chains. Some people say Menchie's is the best, others aren't fans. I finally decided to try it out today. I was absolutely impressed. First of all, the service is ridiculously friendly. I like that they leave the sample cups out for you to help your self and that you are able to try as many flavors as you would like. There is nothing worse than buying froyo that you end up not liking the taste of. The Cinnabon flavor was off the hook. It tasted like cinnabon icing and a cinnabon to a tee. The cookies and cream and cake batter were also great flavors. The flavors were perfectly creamy. Now for the toppings... there were SO many options. You name it they had it! They even had hardening chocolate shell and cinnabon icing? Cookie dough, every candy bar known to man, fruit galore... the list goes on.Prices are reasonable and the spoons are nothing short of adorable. The decor is cute and the location convenient (except maybe the parking). I will be back and suggest y'all give it a try too!!
