5	The atmosphere is casual, the food and drinks are extraordinary. I tried two specialty drinks, both were delicious. My favorite was the Harvest Shandy and my Sister's favorite was the Tivoli Tea. I had the Wild Caught King Salmon. Juicy on the inside, and a little crisp on the outside. Perfectly matched with sweet corn soup. Absolutely scrumptious! I watched my sister take her first bite of the Rib Eye Steak and she nearly melted! She's a steak girl and described it as an "Orgasmic Experience", The best she's ever had. After trying it myself, I had to agree, her description was appropriate! Chef Bradley Ogden was even there and visited our table! Service was Amazing! The icing on the cake was our sweet servers last words: "50% OFF Apps & Taps, everyday 3-6!"  (appetizers, small plates, all beer and wine on tap!)
5	Wonderful. Can only hope that others appreciate this as much as I do and that it's a huge success.
2	Summary: wait for this restaurant to go out of business and try whichever one moves in next. There is very little difference between this restaurant and the burger joint from before. The menu is similar except they added a steak and a fish item and the decor is almost identical. I read a previous review that said very nice things about the salmon and steak. But how could you expect me to pay $45 is steak when the waiters and waitresses are dressed like gas station attendants and the place looks like a dive bar. The food was fine but really nothing special. The servers were trying very hard, which we appreciated however they lacked the training of a proper service. Food: pork belly appetizer was good but too salty. Corn soup tasted like a sauce and lacked any real depth. Mac n cheese was pretty good. Crab cake sliders were drowning in tartar sauce (even though we told our server to leave it off).  I get that it Ogden's signature sauce but uts not tgat interesting, especially if you don't like tartar sauce to begin with. The food we ate wasn't worth the time, and the things we didn't eat that you think we should have tried weren't worth the money.
5	One word: divine.I've already sampled a ton of the dishes, this place is SO GOOD.  The bleu cheese souffle, nachos, salmon, grilled cheese, the salad with the goat cheese crepe, strawberry dessert and the homemade butterscotch pudding are all to DIE FOR.The atmosphere is fun, they have wines on tap and a beer called "Lips of Faith" that is out of this world.  I don't even like beer and that one had me sold.  Also, the Tivoli Tea is my favorite cocktail....  Definitely check this place out, you won't be disappointed.
2	First I hope the the owners look at some of these reviews and take in what is said. 1- the atmosphere is like a BAR not a fine dinning experience2- even though you think your in SUMMERLIN your not less than 1/2 mile away lives common folk, and they will make you more money than you think3- the staff uniform remind me of a service department at a car lotOK enough of the hurt, the $45 steak is great very tender seasoned very nicely we also tried the salmon very very good but still over priced. The grilled cheese was very good. The chocolate cake was ok but again not worth the money "dry" .  The Mac & cheese was good but no depth, if your ever in Anahiem California try Woods Ranch Resturant there Mac & cheese is awesome. Overall not to exciting, sorry guys we won't be back with the pricing you have. Last thing your hostess Raylnns personality is not suited for that environment, she walked around giving everybody strange looks and didn't smile once.Good luck and I hope you make the changes
5	As of May 31st Hops & Harvest is now open for business.  We visited on Monday for happy hour and Ogden himself was in the house making sure that everything was running smoothly and working the room.  It's located in the former Double Helix Bottles & Burgers location, so park in the flat lot off of Alta for easy access to getting your hop on.  While it's not a sports bar per say, they do have TVs around that were tuned to the hockey & basketball playoff games.Their happy hour is 7 days a week from 3-6, which is an indulgence without harvesting your budget!  They refer to it as, "Taps & Apps".  All featured apps are $3.75 to $6 and then all beer & wine on tap is 50% off.  They were out of a few beers, but that is not surprising for a new hot spot that hasn't had an opportunity to gauge demand and make adjustments to supply.  Of all of the happy hour apps, the grilled cheese bites were the winner in our group.  No, actually it was the herbed tomato dipping sauce that accompanied the grilled cheese bites.  It was so good we dipped almost all of the other apps in that sauce.  When bartender attempted to clear the almost empty dish, it was like an over-dramatized slow motion scene.  Bf groaned out a deep, breathy nooooooooooooooooooooo!  Without a doubt Hops and Harvest is the current pace setter for all happy hours around; it doesn't get any better.  The next time I return I plan to order one of their pork belly dishes.
4	First off I would like to thank previous Yelp reviews for letting me know to order the grilled cheese bites, they were delicious!  First off, it's a really good grilled cheese sandwich, but then they put a little dijon mustard in there to give it a kick and it was sprinkled with lemon and lime rind which gave it a nice little bit of acidity to go with the richness of the cheese.  And the tomato sauce they served on the side for dipping was ridiculously tasty, and went perfectly with the bites.  There was a little of it left over, but not for long as my friends and I used the bread on the table to finish it off.For my main, I had the pulled short rib patty melt, and it was sinful.  Slow cooked and pulled short rib meat, sauteed onion, gruyere cheese, and Bradley Ogden sauce inside crunchy bread (rye I think).  It came with fries just like I ordered them, crispy.  I hate limp french fries.  The sandwich was literally OMG tasty, my friends both tried it and said it was the best out of our 3 lunch choices.  Bradley Ogden even came by our table, and when he saw what I had, proceeded to tell me he had the same thing for breakfast this morning.  I would go back here just for this sandwich, no joke.The beer list is also really good, and stocked primarily with beers out of Nevada and California.  I was super excited when I found out the had Old Rasputin on tab, but then immediately got sad when told they had just poured the last pint.  So other than needing to get their keg ordering straightened out, I was pretty happy with the selection.Service was fine, nothing special.  Our waitress was super friendly and got all of our orders right, and remembered to bring the water pitcher around whenever we needed it.  On the whole, while it's a bit pricey, it's totally worth the money, unlike a bunch of other places in Tivoli Village.
4	Went for lunch yesterday (Saturday 6/8/13) for the first time. The entrance is a bit odd because you walk through a dining area to get to the hostess stand - it makes it seem as though you accidentally came in through the back door! It's definitely a better layout than the previous restaurant in the space - more secluded booths so that it doesn't just feel like a big empty space the way it did before.I was pretty impressed with the food! Thanks to prior yelpers, we knew to order the grilled cheese bites. Wow, wow, wow. The grilled cheese has grated lemon peel in it which gives it a delicious zest, and it comes with an awesome tomato-mustard dipping sauce. We were literally eating the sauce with a knife once we finished the grilled cheese. We also tried the burger, short rib patty melt, and fried chicken salad. The burger was really good, but was just a burger (I probably wouldn't do it again). The patty melt was amazing. Crispy fried bread, cheesy, plenty of juicy short rib meat...yum. The salad was the weakest. The fried chicken was actually really good because it was very lightly breaded, but the dressing on the salad (supposed to be buttermilk dressing) had way too much egg/oil to buttermilk ratio, so it tasted more like mayonnaise than a dressing. For dessert, the devils food cake was light and fluffy and delicious, and the sorbets (mango and raspberry) were really good.Bradley Ogden was walking around the restaurant and stopped by our table a few times. He said he had eaten the short rib melt for breakfast! Then he shook all of our hands on the way out. Definitely a nice touch as he gets this restaurant going. The kinks are still getting worked out - our entrees didn't come out at the same time - but we were all very happy!
4	I am impressed by Hops and Harvest. The beer selection is varied and contains some items that are not offered anywhere else. The happy hour menu is not mind blowing, but it is decent. The service was spectacular. Our waitress, Diana, was very informative, knowledgeable, personable, and spot on.The pacing of the food was perfect. I like to go out to dine and not feel rushed. The timing is everything. It allowed me to talk with my friend and still eat at a comfortable speed. We had ordered the heirloom tomato salad, the crispy polenta, the grilled cheese, vegetable hash, and the strawberry shortcake. The salad was not very big. The heirloom tomatoes were disappointing because they were cherry tomatoes. I would have preferred chunks of larger variety. They tend to be sweeter. The pairing with the blue cheese was delicious though. The polenta nuggets were all different sizes, but retained the moistness in the center. The green goddess was not my favorite. I liked them with the tomato sauce from the grilled cheese better. The sandwich was delicious. It is a grilled cheese. As long as the center is gooey and the bread crisp, could you go wrong? The sauce is what makes it. It is an innovative take on the classic combo of tomato soup and grilled cheese. The vegetable hash was solid, but it is inconsistent from the pictures we see online. The slow cooked egg is fried, we were expecting poached. The hash is more of a potato pancake. The flavors were all there and melded together well. Execution will come with more time. As for desserts, the strawberry shortcake was a good offering. The lemon buttermilk ice cream falls short at the end. It does not possess enough of the tartness to hold up to the generally sweet dessert. The shortcake itself is a combination of a biscuit and coffee cake. It was different. It was apparently good enough to distract me while my dining partner pulled her shady business. ::fist shake::I cannot wait for them to iron out the minor kinks. I am already setting up a dinner with fellow co-workers to experience Bradley Ogden's new venture.
3	They have work to do, but they are trying.  Our pretty bartender readily agrees that she knows little about beer, or why each beer is served in a different sized glass.  Luckily, the manager is on hand to explain that the portion is dependent on the ABV (strength) of the beer.  Interesting.  We loved the grilled cheese bites.  However, the polenta bites were bland.  Upon relaying my opinion, I was told 'they had to put something vegetarian on the menu'.  As if vegetarian is an excuse to create and serve flavorless food.    We'll give it another try when they have been up and running for a few more weeks.
4	After seeing the pictures being posted on yelp I really wanted to try this place. I have to say getting inside wasn't so easy for me. I was confused about which door was the main entrance. There was an employee who saw me trying to get in and was nice enough to come outside and direct me the right way. I had explained that I was there with a reservation and he mentioned that the rest of my party hadn't arrived yet and he said they were still getting a couple things ready to open for the day so he gave me a lunch menu to look over. I have to say the inside looks like a gas station or farmhouse. With the decor, I would expect to find BBQ type food on the menu. Since Hops and Harvest is a farm-to-table concept, maybe they thought the decor and menu would mesh but it doesn't seem a fit to me. There are some awesome happy hour specials from 3-6pm daily. There is a bar and beer, cocktails, and wine are on the menu. The tables are very spacious. We were sat at a booth and the table was so long! You could easily fit 6 or 8 people in just one booth. There is also a patio outside with tables if you prefer to dine there. I was sad to see the salad I saw on yelp wasn't on the lunch menu. I asked our server about it and she said it was on the dinner menu but that she would check if it could be made for lunch and I was in luck. I ordered the "Heirloom Tomato" priced at $8.50 and was pretty shocked when it came to the table. It was tiny! The plate is way too big for the amount of food being put on it. That being said, it was so good! The tomatoes were fresh and delicious, the blue cheese really paired well with them. I would have gladly paid more to have a bigger portion. I noticed that during happy hour you can currently get this same salad for $4.50 and given the size, that price would be more appropriate and I would for sure order the heirloom tomato again. My friends ordered the "Grilled Cheese Bites" and I sampled just a taste. It was good! I saw several things on the menu that looked appetizing so I will be back to check it out. I didn't ask, but I'm sure a phone order could be placed to pick up lunch to-go.
4	I really enjoyed this experience.  The food was great.  the salmon was so fresh and prepared perfectly -- not dry and not undercooked.ambience was ok.  nothing special.The uniforms are designed as people working in a brewery.The beer selection was very nice.The service was very friendly and informative.  I would go again.
2	Here we go again...Bottles and Burgers II. Upon entry you walk right into a series of unthoughtfully placed tables in a plain whitewalled, sparsely decorated foyer, with an unwelcoming echo. I just don't get it. This place is large--and at the moment, empty--so there seems to be absolutely no need for the extra tables. The pleasant hostess agreed and commented that she has heard this already.  The lunch menu had only 10ish selections. I chose the $13.50 H&H Burger. Cheese was an extra dollar, with no additional topping options listed...or offered. A basket of mini blueberry muffins was served, free is nice, but they tasted like a right-out-of-the-box product.  My burger was large, properly cooked, and very tasty. Fries were soggy. No excuse for this at these prices. Desserts are $9 each, high for lunch, so we passed. The decor is drab at best. Cheap looking wood paneled booths and table tops. No real theme to pull it all together. Another Tivoli flop. Maybe Mr. Ogden should call Robert Irvine to get this place together for him.
5	When it comes to fine dining restaurants Las Vegas can compete with any city. But, what the city lacks (with the exception of Chinatown/Spring Mountain Rd.) is casual, moderately-priced dining spots with excellent food. Hops and Harvest fills that void with Bradley and Bryan Ogden's farm to table concept. The James Beard award winning chef and his son have created a menu full of comfort food with inspired and creative touches like the goat cheese stuffed crepe in the bibb lettuce salad and brought back  items from their former restaurant in Caesars Palace like the blue corn muffins and the Maytag bleu cheese souffle.The short rib nachos are one of my favorite dishes with its great salty and savory flavors. The potato chips do tend to get a little soggy with the sauce  covering them, but the combo of ingredients are so good that the dish won't last long. The pork belly bites are another hit with its sweet and spicy BBQ sauce and cheddar ale sauce. I've tried both the tuna sliders and the crispy chicken sliders and wasn't disappointed either time. The heirloom tomatoes may be a small dish but the combo of tomatoes and bleu cheese was excellent.The bone-in prime rib eye was slightly overcooked but the seasoning and the zinfandel shallot sauce made up for it. I rarely order meatloaf, but the bacon wrapped version here was good enough to make me want to order it again. I've also tried the crab cake dish, which was pretty good, but the star of that dish was the carrot-fennel slaw. It was so good they should offer that up as one of their sides on the menu.The butterscotch pudding and the cinnamon sugar donut holes were both good. Each one is large enough for two people to share.There were only a couple things I wasn't crazy about. The blue corn muffins could have used more salt or something and the polenta bites were bland.Our server, Jessica, was amazing. Each time I've been back I made a point to request a table in her section.I was sad to see Bradley Ogden's place in Caesars Palace close a while back, but now I'm glad he's back and serving up some Strip-quality food in a local's setting.4.5 Stars
2	I am ok with $7.50 warm beers as long as there is a professional sports event in front of me.... The only event that I witnessed was the surprise on everyone's face when they saw how small the portions were!!  I do like the uniforms though.... Reminded me that my car was due for an oil change!!
2	I loved Bradley Ogden's at Caesars and I wanted to love him for a long time at his new Tivoli Village location.  A James Beardy in the hood...WOO HOO!!!  Yeah, I admit I was palette pumped, but I still like to think I kept my expectations in check and on low key for fear of disappointment .I couldn't remember if the decor had changed much since its Bottles and Burgers, Beer and Burgers, or whatever the heck that place was called before; which I had only been to once before, right before it closed.  The surroundings and atmosphere are banal and ho-hum dull, but the tin ceiling is nice and I could move on, after all it's a farm to table venue, "but as I sat there watching, I had the feeling that something was missing...and it was  ."We did a lunch/happy hour hybrid."Let's break out the booze:"Noam's Punch / Pusser's Rum, Amaretto, St. GermainFirestone Walker, Pivo Pils Great Basin, Icky / IPA Sierra Nevada, SummerfestBecause our first round languished at the bar, The Noam's Punch glass was drenched in tears, like the forgotten foster child that it was, but tasty nonetheless.  All the draft beers and wines are half price for HH, so "lets keep dancing."Pre-lunch pickie:Grilled cheese bites with tomato herb sauceMaybe clowns, elephants and dancing bears would have helped."I'm not ready for that final disappointment "Short Rib Patty Melt / provolone & gruyere, onion, "fancy sauce"  Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich / crispy bacon, roasted pepper, bibb lettuce, basil mayo.Well, ready or not here it is,  overwhelming drenched in mediocrity and tasteless calories.A lot of 70's Elton John crooning in the background, but it didn't replace the Peggy Lee tune "Is That All There Is" that kept playing over and over in my head and on my palette. And that's all there was!
5	After reading some of the reviews, I have to say I strongly disagree. I still do not understand why people come in thinking it is  fine dining restaurant and walk away disappointed. It's called Hops & Harvest meaning beers, and Bradley's farm to table idea which could be brought in any format. I have been there 3 times since they opened, and this last time I was super happy with everything that came out of that kitchen. Our server Jackson was very nice, and very happy to be at work, always makes it a better dining experience. I came with two of my friends for brunch, and we started the cocktails early. My friend ordered the Harvest Shandy which she ended up enjoying and ordering another. I had the Tivoli Tea, after the first sip, just my kind of cocktail, it was very good. it just took the bartender a while to get them to our table. We started with the heirloom tomato salad, summer vegetable hash, and some pastries. The heirloom salad was perfectly dressed, the plating not the greatest, but all three of us wiped the plate clean wanting more, the summer vegetable hash was great, I especially love the egg on top, it was the cherry on top of the wonderful hash. The blue corn muffins were awesome!For entrees we ordered the Steak and Potato, the BLT, and the Lemon Ricotta Griddle Cakes. The steak was a skirt steak, probably the best tasting steak I've had in a minute the fries a tad bit greasy. Not your usual BLT it was served in their house made bun, which was not expected, but surprisingly delicious!!! I'm not the biggest fan of pancakes, but these just made me want to change my mind, I wasn't able to get much ricotta anywhere, not that it really has a big flavor, but maybe it was more of a texture thing, I do wish it would have had a touch more of lemon zest, the honey lavender almonds were just great, although I do wish there were more peaches on top. Everything we had was very good, and I was so excited that both my friends were very  happy with everything we ordered. The drive is a little far for me but totally worth it. I strongly recommend this restaurant for anyone who is looking for some good, casual food, still my two favorites over all are the grilled cheese bites, and the butterscotch pudding (to die for).
5	Went with friends and loved everything.  The grilled cheese was sooooo good.  Also loved my burger and fries.  Also all the desserts were right on the money.  I will go back soon and try some other menu items.  Love the simplicity of good food done awesome!!!!!
2	Located in the former Bottles & Burgers space, Hops utilized the same restaurant, bar and kitchen layout for its new venue, but added a few finishes to make it a tiny bit nicer than it was before. Unfortunately the hostesses still have some training to do, as they had a horrible time of trying to explain their seating options to us. Coming in on a Monday night at 6:30pm we didn't bother making a reservation, but were greeted with a 10 minute wait for a booth, the option to sit outside on their side patio with misters, or to sit right away in their back lounge. Without thinking twice we chose the back lounge, only to be brought outside to a desolate back patio area with very minimal mister coverage and one employee sitting on a laptop. After well more than a 5 minute wait and a bit of sweat in the 95 degree weather two waiters came out at the same time to finally set our table and bring out menus. We promptly expressed our frustration with the location and were brought inside to an empty booth near the back... a booth that was located right by the loudest party of people ever assembled in a restaurant. So loud in fact, that we didn't realize there was background music playing in the restaurant until after the group had left. I will note that our server Diana was very attentive, funny and super nice.Seating woes and noise problems aside, we're here to discuss food. Both the lunch and dinner menus offer a variety of clever sounding small plates and starters, sandwiches, salads and main courses. Being a lover of pork belly, we tried the Spicy BBQ Pork Belly before our burgers came out; they weren't really spicy, but had a sweet, not so great bbq sauce on them. The pork itself was chewy and not cooked all that well, and the cheddar-ale dipping sauce didn't have much flavor either. My friends had this same dish a few days earlier and thought their pork belly was crispy and delicious. Apparently the restaurant inconsistency never seems to work in my favor.As for their 'famous' burger, the Grilled H&H burger, it is more or less served as just meat and bun. The bun is a house made bun; almost biscuit-like with a slight smell of brioche, while the meat is supposedly a house-ground chuck blend. The bun was good; a bit crispy on the inside, fresh but a tiny bit more dry than I would have liked. It was also a bit larger than my patty so the ratio is a little off. The patty was quite good; it had a great beefy flavor that did hold up on its own with just the bun, but was cooked a little more than the medium rare I had ordered. I added provolone cheese, and it seemed plentiful, but didn't really represent at all in the few flavors. Overall the burger is really good, but just not stand-out great. A few minimal, really good flavors don't necessarily come together to make a fantastic burger, and this is a perfect example to me. This kind of reminds me of my first experience at Honey Salt; everything about the burger was good but it just didn't stand out as having anything special going on. They regrouped, seasoned their patty, changed the bun, added some toppings and now offer something excellent. While I wasn't totally impressed with Ogden's burger at Caesar's, I got what he was doing there; unfortunately I don't think it works here anymore. I think it's time to ditch this simplistic approach, add some creativity and come up with something truly special.The hand cut fries were no good either; hot and very fresh, but seasoned with not quite enough salt on them, and too oily with that lovely flavor that the oil should have been changed yesterday. They instantly made me yearn for the fries I had at his hold location as they were far superior. Why can't they replicate those? Given this experience, I'd rather go across the way to View to have their fan favorite burger and fries than this one. Also this burger jumps from $13.50 for lunch to $15 during dinner for presumably the same thing. Comparing the two menus, it appears that several other items make a similar jump as well. Plenty of restaurants throughout the city do this, I'm just not a fan. Regardless of which price you're going for, there are better and cheaper burger options very close by at Fleming's, View or Honey Salt. I'm sure my opinion on this will be debated by the ass-kissers and hype-mongers in town, but that's what they're good for these days.
5	Great overall dining experience on all three visits. Our server was very knowledgable and attentive. The Beer selection is awesome!! Grilled cheese, pork belly bites and the butterscotch pudding are must orders!! Can't wait  to go back again and again!
2	My biggest problem with this place is what I feel most restaurants suffer from.  High prices for average to below average food.  Hops and Harvest is in Tivoli Village so I get they probably have high rent, and therefore feel justified with charging more for everything, like $14 for a bottle of beer because it has a cool name (but still tastes like an average beer.) I have no problem paying more for food and drinks, but they should earn that higher price for their quality and taste.    I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and my date ordered the BLT.  We also got the mac and cheese appetizer, which was basically your average mac and cheese but with cheddar cheese and not worth $12.  Our dinners were good, but nothing special.  I probably won't be back because I can get the same quality for half the price from somewhere like Jason's Deli.  I just expect something more from these kinds of places.  They tout themselves as some kind of revolution in dining and even though that is not what I was expecting they continually to fail miserably.  Skip this place unless you enjoy paying more for mediocre food.
3	Terribly mediocre. Ordered the grilled pork belly (I love pork belly) most of it was undercooked. Burger was pretty good, but not chef inspired at all (just a plain old cheeseburger). Subbed an artichoke for the fries- again it was undercooked (couldn't even eat it). So what I learned was, either grill was broken or the guy cooking on the grill was broken. Also the wine list was meh (and you couldn't buy a wine by the glass- by the bottle).
3	Seems okay. I can't imagine being here for anything besides happy hour 3-6 daily.The food is good (grilled.cheese bites, polenta bites, mini burgers) but the beer is overpriced unless its half off for happy hour. Pork belly bites are pretty good. I'd come back due to proximity to other awesome places around tivioli.
5	Excellent spot.Many beers on tap and food was good.We had the skirt steak salad and the bacon chicken sandwich. Both were excellent. The steak was cooked medium rare, just as ordered and the sandwich came with very good french fries. Sampled several beers and they are happy to let you taste before you buy.
4	We were lucky enough to come here on a day when Bradley Ogden was in the restaurant.  He came by our table and played with our daughter!  He recommended the bleu cheese souffle and he did not steer us wrong.  It was excellent!  However, the bibb lettuce salad was bland and the short rib nachos were a bad idea as well.  The nachos are supposed to have horseradish on them, but I couldn't taste it.  Bland, bland, bland.  The polenta bites were ok.  Kind of earthy.  I used the green goddess dressing that came with the polenta bites to spice up the bibb lettuce salad.The desserts were to die for, though.  The butterscotch pudding and the strawberry shortcake - both divine!  The beer selection was a little lacking, especially for a place that has "hops" in the name.  But they do serve each beer in the appropriate glass so I'll give them props for that.I only made it to the previous restaurant in this space, Bottles & Burgers, once.  But I don't remember the space being so awkward.  The entryway had no shades and was blazing hot in the summer.  It was a large, round room with tables and we were unclear whether we accidentally came in a back door until the hostess approached us (as she tried to stay out of the direct sunlight). Also, the women's bathroom was so small and the diaper changing table location blocked the doors to the stalls.  Very embarrassing when I was trying to change my daughter.  Finally, we had to play chicken with the people coming into the valet at breakneck speed to even get there.  I hope they do a redesign of the restaurant.  The staff were nice with friendly efficient service.  I definitely like the concept and the chef.  Just stick to the items that he specialized in at his namesake restaurant (now closed), like the burger, souffle, and butterscotch pudding, and you'll be pleased.
4	Solid place, but how long can it last in the always-empty Tivoli Village?First of all, the chef is Bradley Ogden, so you know you're getting spruced up, fresh American food with quality ingredients hat tastes good. We only sampled appetizers and the happy hour menu: mac and cheese, grilled artichoke, chicken sliders, grilled cheese, and fried polenta bites. The grilled cheese was as good as grilled cheese can get, served with a creamy tomato dipping sauce, and we also loved the macaroni. The artichoke and sliders were solid, but not outstanding, and I wasn't a fan of the polenta. It was well prepared, i just didn't really like the taste of cinnamon (or something) that was in there. The really good thing about this restaurant is the beer list. There were about 15 selections on tap with nary a bud light to be found! Choices included Full Sail, MOA, Lips of Faith, and some other keepers. I didn't even have to look to their bottle selections, which I'm sure are also excellent. The drawback of Ogden's celebrity status is that everything is a little overpriced...EXCEPT during their awesome happy hour! Half off draft beer and wine and a selection of apps for $3-5 everyday from 3-6 aaaand you can enjoy happy hour anywhere in the restaurant! Even with your kids!Bonus because Chef Ogden actually came out to talk to us and meet our cute baby!
4	We had an early lunch on a Wednesday at Hops and Harvest.  I had not had the famous blue corn muffins before, and while they were good, I didn't find them as good as others do.  The blue cheese souffle on the other hand, was legit.  Believe the hype.  I could take 3 or 4 orders of these and just make it my meal.  They were warm and perfect when they arrived at the table.  And, the cherry sauce went well with them.  Fantastic blue cheese flavor.  A must order at Hops and Harvest.To eat, the wife had the burger and I had the short rib grilled cheese.  Of these, the short rib was the winner.  It was crispy and gooey throughout, and the onions added nice flavor and a bit of crunch.  Solid short rib as well, it got a little crispy around the edges, but what do you expect?  It's a grilled cheese.The burger was good, but not as good as I was expecting.  I think it needs a bit more fat perhaps.  It was dry and a tad overcooked around the edges.  We tried the mac n cheese, which was fantastic.  Crunchy crust on top and great cheese flavor.  Another dish I highly recommend you order.Even though we don't live remotely close to Tivoli Village, I am sure we will return.
2	my sentiments mirror a lot of other reviews.  over priced and mediocre food.  I had the burger.  I ordered it medium and it came out medium well.  the meat was very good as was the bun but at 13.50 I expected something truly exceptional.  the fries were very good.  my companion had the grilled chicken. it was cooked nicely but had zero flavor.  beer selection is small but good.  strawberry short cake was a nice surprise.  service was almost interested.
4	Ogden's Hops and Harvest is located on the corner in Tivoli Village across from Brio and in the spot where Bottles & Burger's used to be.It's pretty awkward inside.  When you walk in the doors, there are about 4-6 tables and then a random side table where the hostess is.  I also noticed a weird smell right when I walked in the door.  Almost like a raw seafood smell, like when the store cleans out their bins for the night.  It was a little bizarre.Once you get past the entry, there is a bar on the left side, some tables on the right side, another bar area and a back room.We were able to get a table for 4 on Friday night at 7pm without reservations.  It's very echo-y in that back room and at one point the music was turned up very loud, it was hard to hear the person sitting next to me.The service was good and the wait staff was very nice.We ordered some wine and beers and settled in with our main courses:1. Spicy BBQ Pork Belly / cheddar-ale dipping sauce | $11.00*Husband ordered this ans said it was delicious!  Loved everything about it.2. Sweet Corn Soup / grilled shrimp, pine nuts, Diane's basil | $10.00*Husband also ordered this and said it's the best soup he's ever had.  The flavors all flowed together nicely and the corn was sweet.3. Beer Battered Fish & Chips / Bradley's tartar sauce | $14.75*I ordered this and the fish was light and flaky.  The fries were crispy and the tartar sauce is one of my all time favorites.  It wasn't your typical "cheap" tasting tartar sauce.  It has nice flavors.  Not sure how else to explain it- haha!4. "Steak and Potato" / grilled skirt steak, hand-cut fries, red wine-herb butter | $22.00*Both of our friends ordered this dish.  One said the steak was extremely salty while the other said it tasted perfect.  One steak was much bigger than the other.  (it almost looked like there were two skirt steaks on one plate!)For Dessert:5. Bradley's Butterscotch Pudding / snicker doodle cookies | $9.00*Very good!  The snicker doodle cookies were nice and soft.  The butterscotch had really nice flavor and texture.6. Seasonal Sorbets | $9.00*Our friend had the mango and raspberry flavors and said they were both really good!Note: for the gluten free people- their salads usually can be done gluten free, but that's about it.All n' all, I would probably head back here if I was in Tivoli Village.  I don't think I would seek this place out, but their happy hour sounds like a good idea for the next time!
2	The best thing about this meal was the grilled cheese appetizer, and the cocktail was alright too (although the lady's watermelon beer wasn't very good).  Burger was way undercooked, service was average at best.  In a city as big as Vegas, I don't think ill be coming back anytime soon
4	I've been here for both lunch and dinner. Great food and very nice beer selection. One of the better burgers in Vegas; perfectly cooked and nice beefy flavor. Excellent fries as well. Service is good and improving from visit to visit. Some areas can be noisy due to the room acoustics so be careful where you sit if you want to have a quiet conversation.
4	My wife & I just had dinner here with a good friend. Bar or lounge atmosphere. Food was terrific, service top notch. Very loud though, not place for intimate conversation. My wife and her friend had the vegetable hash with fried egg on top, which they said was delicious, as was my fish and chips, probably the best any of us have had in Vegas. Lightly battered, with nice crispy fries. Tarter sauce was great.  We started with two salads, & they split the wedge that my wife and friend were sharing. My Bibb salad was delicious as well, filled with fresh greens and veges. Good wine list, including good choices for wines by the glass. I really enjoyed the beer special offering as well. We will definitely be back.
4	We went last Friday evening and were pleasantly surprised.  After first sitting down and checking out the menu a few in our party were skeptical as nothing jumped out at them.  Ultimately we all found something to our liking and were not disappointed.   One had the chowder and the tuna tartar, another had fish & chips and a grilled artichoke appetizer, another the halibut and the last the steak salad.   Each and every item was flawlessly prepared and delicious.   Hoping that they continue to impress and prosper as it is a handy location.  BTW, the beer and wine selections are worth checking out as well.
4	Went here today for a business lunch and enjoyed it very much. I shared the Bibb Lettuce Salad which was lightly dressed and the goat cheese crepe was tasty. Also split the Short Rib Patty Melt, it was perfectly melty and delicious and the short ribs were moist and delicious. The food was a 5 for sure however the setting is where this place lacks. The 6 tables up front at reception area are terrible, no one would want to sit there and the tables inside the dining area are much too small for the food to sit on let alone to try and conduct any business. We were the first people to arrive at 11:30a when they opened and they seemed a bit scrambled to get us seated. By twelve they were fairly busy and our service slowed a bit but was still acceptable. I will probably return here as the food was very good if not a tad over priced.
4	We ordered from Hops and Harvest Happy Hour menu. This menu has a variety of small bite items. The mini chicken sandwiches come 3 to an order and so do the mini burgers. Both were very tasty and served with a sauce. The heirloom tomato salad was fresh and delicious. French Fries are served in a cup and are plentiful. The atmosphere is bright and clean. Music was a little loud which was partly due to all of the hard surfaces. Our server was helpful and friendly. Water glasses were refilled promptly. There is a nice outdoor patio with misters. At dinner wait till the sun goes behind the next door building to avoid sun blast.  In door seating can also be bright along the wall facing the sun.The kitchen and the wait staff need to work on the timing of the food. My chicken sandwich and salad were delivered together. However the mini burger was delayed because it was ordered well done. The delay was about 5 minutes. When the mini burger was delivered it was not accompanied by the French Fries. When mentioned we were told they will be out shortly. Several minutes later they arrived. Once these timing issues are resolved Hops and Harvest will be another great choice at Tivoli Village.
4	Delicious fresh food. I even saw the staff bringing in fresh veggies from the Farmers' Market on Saturday morning. The mini donuts with strawberry jam and chocolate sauce were delish. We had several different dishes and shared, everything was so simple and yet so good.
3	I am a big fan of Bradley Ogden going back to his Lark Creek Inn in Larkspur, CA.  I loved his restaurant at Caesar's, until they started tinkering with the menu in its latter years. I had high hopes for his latest entry, especially since its in my neighborhood, and I'd love to see Tivoli Village get some traction. Having said that, I confess to being mildly disappointed when my wife and I stopped in for an early dinner a few weeks ago. Don't get me wrong...it wasn't bad, it was just far from great.  We got there at 5:30 and Happy Hour was "in play" so we ordered from both the HH menu and the ala carte menu.  For starters we had the fried polenta cubes (nothing special...bland, little seasoning, do not recommend at all) and the grilled cheese bites. This turned out to be an unremarkable grilled cheese sandwich cut into eight pieces and plopped on a plate. We had the skirt steak and fish&chips for main courses. The skirt steak was well seasoned, but a little tougher than I was expecting. As there was no steak knife accompanying this dish, I was left to tearing apart the steak with a fork and un-serrated utility knife. On the other hand, the fish and chips were outrageously delicious, and worth a return trip solely on the merits of this dish. Happy Hour pricing is very friendly with $3 beers and &4-$5 apps.  The ala carte menu is not quite as value driven, especially the beverage side with beers ranging from $6-$10 ($6 for a PBR...really, a PBR!?!).  Anyway, like I said, we'll be back for the fish&chips but will likely show up during Happy Hour.
3	We dined in last night at H&H at 8pm, and there were not many diners.  We have been wanting to try this spot since the name is Hops and Harvest.  Earl loves hops and I figured he can try out some new hops there and I can try some food.We decided to start with the polenta bites.  This was decent.  Though,  I prefer the polenta cakes at Fogo de Chao.  I ordered the bleu cheese souffle since I read rave reviews about it.  A plate came out with two scallop size bleu cheese souffle, slices of nectarine, walnuts, some more crumble cheese, and greens.  The bleu cheese was still overpowering when eating it with all the other elements on the dish.Both Earl and Anthony got the burger and fries.  I only ate some of Earl's fries. When it came time for dessert, I wanted to try the strawberry shortcake.  Sadly, they do not have it last night.I wasn't very hungry last night, so didn't really eat much else.  However, based on what I ate, I will give H&H 3 star for now.
3	Came in for their new weekend brunch menu for my fiance's birthday but there were only 4 breakfast offerings so we ordered off of the lunch menu. Mains:BLT - asked for the basil aioli on the side, which was the only sauce listed on the menu. It did come on the side but the lettuce was drizzled with something that looked like russian dressing, so we sent it back to get it dry as ordered. The bread was good but not a lot of bacon and the tomato overpowered everything so we wouldn't order it again. Starters:Blue Corn Cakes (complimentary) - delicious and super moist.Crispy Chicken Sliders - this was good but again asked for the buttermilk ranch on the side which was the only sauce listed in the menu but the arugula was dressed with some sort of vinaigrette. The waitress said there was nothing on it, but after we pointed it out to her she said she didn't know. We ate it anyway and might order it again.Grilled Cheese Bites - the best thing we ordered! It was simple but tasted so good. Would definitely order again. It might be the only reason we come back to try their happy hour.Spicy BBQ Pork Belly - the waitress described it as crispy and not very spicy, however it was the exact opposite. Really fatty pieces of pork belly soft with hardly any meat and extremely spicy. No one at the table would eat it so we sent it back.Sides:Mac & Cheese - not very cheesy. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. Wouldn't order again.Dressings/Sauces:Buttermilk ranch - pretty good, but an average house made dressing.Bacon mustard - amazing! I would order something just to put that on it. Beer cheese - did not taste that much like beer or cheese.Basil aioli - really good with lots of basil flavor.Drinks:Watermelon Cream - absolutely disgusting, it tasted like dirt. No one would drink it so we sent it back. People at other tables who ordered it didn't drink it either. It probably wasn't a good sign that when watching them make it they had to dump it out the first time and re-do it. My guess is no one on staff knew how to make it. The waitress didn't quite know how to handle a lot of the screw ups that were going on and also didn't seem to know the menu. The manager did come over and apologize and they didn't charge us for anything we sent back. If we go back it would be for happy hour for the draft beer and discounted apps.
5	The food was great, the Skirt Steak was  cooked medium and was still Tender, the Fish  on their fish and Chips was not overcooked. Bradley Ogden the chef goes to his restaurant and greets the customer since he closed down Bradley Ogden restaurant at Caesars palace. So far our first time was positive experience and would definitely go back, my wife was impressed with the skirt Steak which ill try to emulate. Service was great as well.
3	Beer selection was ok, coming from a guy that tries not to drink the same beer every time. Not much available for the light and crisp beer drinker. Portions could have been slightly larger for the price (more tarter sauce!), but overall quality was pretty good! Can be compared to a yard house minus the massive selections of beer & food.
5	My entire experience here was definitely worth five+ stars!  From the hospitable staff to the yummy food, I couldn't have asked for anything more.  Typically, I shy away from gastropubs because the food leaves me feeling heavy and greasy... but Hops& Harvest breaks the mold.   The menu offers the comfort of gastropub food, but with innovative and bold flavors and doesn't make me feel like I just ate a tub full of butter.The small plates/starters are amazing!  We ordered the Grilled Cheese Bites, Heirloom Tomatoes, Crispy Chicken Sliders and Spicy BBQ Pork Belly.  I would definitely recommend any of these.  I ordered the Grilled Cheese Bites because I can't ever resist grilled cheese.  These did not disappoint.  They were accompanied with a tomato soup/dip which complimented the bites quite nicely.  We were informed that the Heirloom Tomatoes were fresh from the farmers market that was held earlier that day in the area and it clearly showed.  The tomatoes had so much flavor and tasted so fresh!  Love farm fresh fruit and veggies!  The stars of these small plates were the Crispy Chicken Sliders and the Spicy BBQ Pork Belly dishes.  The Crispy Chicken Sliders were soooooooo good.  So good that I had to take the last slider without offering it to anyone else first!  The Spicy BBQ Pork Belly was equally good with a perfect balance of sweet and spicy.  It was a good thing there was more to share.For the entrees, we ordered the Grilled Chicken Breast, the Summer Vegetable Hash, the Prime Skirt Steak Salad and a side of the Aged Cheddar Mac & Cheese.  I can't sing enough praise for these dishes.  The chicken was perfectly moist and the steak salad had a lovely dressing to it.  The M&C had a great flavor and again the summer vegetable hash was made with farmers market veggies!  Yum!Finally we ended the meal with dessert and coffee.  H&H has specialty coffee drinks which was nice and tasty.  For dessert we got Bradley's Butterscotch Pudding and the Cinnamon-Sugar Donut Holes.  I am very picky about my desserts and didn't think I would like the butterscotch, but was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it!  Needless to say, everything was licked clean!!!  Service was excellent as the timing of the dishes were perfect and were attentive enough to bring everything we needed when we needed it!I don't have many opportunities to visit since I live in California, but this will definitely be a staple on my visits to Vegas!  Great job Hops&Harvest!!!
2	Quality of the good doesn't match the price tag, 3 stars.  Add the 'celebrity chef' branding to it, take 1 star off for the marketing gimmick.First visit, 3 days after the restaurant opened.  Checked out the then 4.5 star rated burger joint.  (Note: many of those "OMG it's the Best food!" "Must try!" reviews were posted prior to the grand opening.  Scan through the tips section and you'll notice who're the ringers that has given them the under served 5 stars during the soft opening and still trying to tip the scale)1st impression: Service hiccups, kitchen delay, and not great food.  Service (lack of): The Asian bartender was too busy flirting and rubbing her rack on male guests to actually serve.  She took 20mins from when we sat to take our food order.  We asked for water, twice, but she never brought them.  Got it from a busser passing by instead.  When the food arrived, still no utensils.  We had to wait some more until our food turned cold when she forgot condiments for the fish & chips and sliders.Taste: The crab cake slider was flavorless.  The tartar sauce overpowered whatever flavor I was supposed to taste.Months later, decided to give them a second chance.  Results: service improved but food is still not worth the trip.We happened upon Restaurant Week and got the $21 3-plates set course.Our server was excellent.  She informed us that she's actually the bartender filling in.  (Shoulder length dark hair.  Sleeved forearms) The restaurant was freezing cold.  She saw goosebumps on my arms and got the manager to adjust the climate.  We appreciate that not only did she acknowledge the guests' discomfort but she  acted on it all on her own.  Throughout the rest of the meal, she took the same great care to make sure our drinks were filled.We got a small complimentary basket of bite size blue corn & dill muffins.  Tasty and appropriate portion.  +1Appetizer: Heirloom tomatoes in blue cheese.  This was tasty.  +1. Entree:H&H Burger.  Served with black peppered fries.  The fries and burger buns were good, but the beef patty was burnt on the outside and rare inside.  The meat mushed in your mouth.  Not quite the texture one would expect.  +0Fish&Chips.  Served w/ the same fries.  Lot of batter.  Very little fish.  Slightly over fried leaving the fish dry.  It was hard to taste anything other than the grease of the batter -1Dessert:Butterscotch Cream.  Chocolate cake and one bite of ice cream. Neither were good.  Wasn't bad, but we left both plates after only 1-2 bites. +0All in all with the many food options at Tivoli and Boca Park, there is no reason for a 3rd visit to H&H.
5	While visiting Las Vegas, we stumbled on this place while looking for another restaurant that (I think) no longer exists.  As it happened, we arrived during half-price appetizers time, so we took advantage of that and ordered several apps, all of which were really excellent:  heirloom tomatoes, chicken sliders, mini burgers, and also a side order of grilled artichokes.  Our group of five then also had: the sweet corn soup and hamburgers and fries - all delicious!  We didn't have time for dessert unfortunately (had to be somewhere), but we were all very pleasantly surprised by the freshness and quality of everything we tasted.  I would heartily recommend this restaurant to everyone!  I only wish there was one of these in Southern California, where I live.  That would be great!
5	I absolutely love the atmosphere, and the unique touches like the side stations. :] The happy hour is awesome and so is the food. What makes this place extra awesome is the service. Rebecca was a fun server and very attentive to our table. We definitely will be back!
5	Wow peopie sure do pick these restaurants apart...I guess there is a lot of competition so any restaurant has to be just about perfect. Listen beer lovers-this place has a great happy hour! Awesome beers on tap.There is outdoor seating. Good food to go with good beer at a great price! Maybe my taste is too simple to be on this website...but not often do I find the outdoor patio combined with both great beer and great happy hours!!!!! There are plenty of good wine and cocktail options too! For those of you who are restaurant critique wannabes- go to the newspaper and get a professional career ! Easy does it folks it's just a great bar!!!
5	Sadz that I didn't get to try Bradley Ogden at Cesars Palace before it shut down, but super excited that I got to go to Hops and Harvest! Located off the strip, the restaurant is more of an upscale brewery or gastropub, different than Ogden's usual white linen affairs.We went on a Saturday for lunch with a few girlfriends and ordered a bunch of lunch and brunch plates to share. On Saturdays, there's a farmers market outside in the main square. The chefs go and purchase produce, and create specialized dishes based on what is available that day. Farm to table at it's best.We had a Farmers Vegetable salad, containing thinly sliced, well dressed pluot (hybrid of an apricot and a plum) carpaccio, fried goat cheese cubes and market lettuces. So delish. Even my friend who dislikes eating fruits/veggies was fighting for the last pluot! Fried chicken sliders were also great, fried to a shattering crisp but maintaining its juiciness and flavor. The buns are house-baked, which is fantastic as not many places bake their own bread, let alone a gastropub! Lastly, we got the "shrimp cocktail." I put that in quotes because I expected it to be a regular cold shrimp cocktail served over ice but it wasn't ... the shrimp was served warm and grilled (huge shrimp, btw), over a bed of chunky, housemade cocktail sauce, which was also warm. The cocktail sauce complimented the shrimp perfectly and was dusted with a light sprinkling of lemon zest to round out the acidity. If you get anything on the menu, GET THE SHRIMP COCKTAIL.For entrees, we got the short rib patty melt, which was served with french fries. I was afraid the melt would be heavy or greasy, as it often is it diners, but it was nicely balanced with the amount of short rib and cheese. We also got a hash with fried egg, which was really well done too. The hash and potatoes were mixed up in the dish and really well seasoned. I appreciated that the accompanying sauce was on the side of the plate (but not in its own separate container), so you can add as much as you liked to it. But the dish most highly recommended was the french toast with farmers market berries. I don't know how they made the french toast taste so light, yet satisfying at the same time. Diner french toast this is not ... it wasn't overly sugary or heavily dense. Dare I say, it actually tasted healthy?!The thing I appreciated about all the food is that they weren't oily or heavy tasting, the way a lot of gastropub or brewery food is ... but full of fresh, delicious flavors that really stand out. If you are tired of the overpriced food on the Strip, take your car or a taxi-ride out here ... you won't regret it!
3	I came here for happy hour and I was not too happy when I left.  I had  a Pyramid Weiss Cream and a Watermelon Cream drink they had.Spicy BBQ Pork Belly:Cubes of pork belly. Comes with fennel, carrots and cheddar ale sauce. The cheddar ale sauce reminds me of the taste in my mouth after I've had way too much to drink. 3/5Short Rib Patty Melt:Provolone, gruyere, onions and "fancy sauce". It's an ordinary patty melt. 3/5Hand-Cut Fries:Real potatoes. Nothing special. 3/5Bradley's Butterscotch Pudding:Butterscotch pudding with snicker doodle cookies.  A bit too sweet. I'm not a fan. 2/5I was not impressed.
2	I want to start with the positive parts of this restaurant:-Great selection of Draft Beer!  All beers are just $4 during Happy Hour and there are many to choose from.-Excellent serviceWhere this restaurant falls apart is the food and the ambiance needs a lot of help too.  We tried a lot of the Happy Hour menu.  The polenta bites were bland and soggy.  The spinach dip was runny and weak.  The calamari was breaded and cooked pretty good, but there was no sauce so that ended up bland too.  I am not sure what is wrong with their Caesar salad but it reeked of fish.  I know Caesar salads have anchovies, but you can smell the dressing from across the restaurant it was so bad.  The best thing we had was the macaroni and cheese.I just would not go back here and I would not recommend it to anyone else.
3	Had a few tapas...Caesar salad nice that it was chopped but croutons were bland overall super average. Had the hotdog...straight sucks thank goodness for mustard. Had the steak and potato but subbed the Mac and cheese. Steak is just meeeh. Mac and cheese nothing special should of stayed with the mash. Half price wine was good. Bartender forgot her name but she was friendly and cute. Had butterscotch pudding... You literally could taste the grains from the large of dose sugar they use in that dish. Tasted good but diabetes isn't cool! Would have gave the food 2 stars but good service and cute bartender I gave 3! Go to echo and rig instead!!!
4	This was my first time here, for lunch during Restaurant Week.  It probably will not be my last.Complimentary Blue Corn Muffins were very tasty slathered with butter.  I found Bradley's Caesar Salad with Parmesan Croutons to have a delicious house-made dressing, and Heirloom Tomatoes with Maytag Blue Cheese and Rosemary Brioche to be colorful, well prepared, and flavorful.  I found a grilled H&H Cheeseburger with a soft house-made bun to be very good, but the meat was prepared closer to medium than my requested medium rare.  And, Hand-cut skin-on Fries were good but not great.  A sampling of Diane's Beer Battered Fish and Chips revealed moist and quite tasty battered cod, and Bradley's Tartar Sauce went very well with the fish.For dessert, Bradley's Butterscotch Pudding with candy brittle and whipped cream on top was outstanding, while a slice of Chocolate Devil's Food Cake resting on a pool of Hot Fudge with powdered sugar sprinkled on top and a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream deftly placed nearby was small but rich, and very good in taste.  A larger portion was not needed.Service by friendly waitresses dressed like gas station attendants was very good.  My initial visit to this casual eatery was very pleasant and satisfying.
5	On a date night...we split the mushroom and polenta appetizer, which was delicious!  Could have had more mushrooms, but very tasty.  Then split the seasonal greens salad, substituting balsamic vinaigrette for the suggested ranch dressing.  Fresh, flavorful, and just the right amount  of dressing.  Superb!  For the entree, we chose the short ribs...we nearly came to blows over who got the last bite, it was so good!  Tender, juicy, and the sauce was rich and incredible!  Topped it off with doughnut holes with warm chocolate custard for dessert.  Mmmmm.  Even the coffee was superb.  Service was warm and friendly...ambiance was perfect.  We will definitely be back!  Oh, and try the pumpkin cocktail!!  Delish!
5	I don't get out this way often but on my way to a movie at Red Rock we thought we would check out a few places and this place caught our eye.  The Chef Bradley Ogden who is great at transforming traditional american food into an amazing sensation has done it again in my opinion.  Not only does it have a great american food appeal but a bit of a twist to everything to appeal to all food or foodie  types.  We were greeted and seated at a booth in the back away from the action.  Started to look over the menu got our drinks and the manger came over to ask if we needed anything.  I thought it was great service on top of the great service we had already received.  As we ponder the menu we really came to a point of "wow it all looks good and what the heck do we order?!  We decided to do family style for 3.  The waitress helped us in our selections and told us about each dish to help our decision.Our apps for the table included Seared Tuna Sliders they set a great tone for the whole meal.  Great...Maytag Blue Cheese Souffle/ I could have possibly eaten the whole plate! OMG good The soft but rich flavors of the cheese melted in my mouth, I so wanna go back for this ALONE!Spicy BBQ Pork Belly It was great moist and delish!My next choice was a Caesar Salad something this chef is known for and now I know why.  It was the creamiest blend with a mix of things I remembered.  I ate this salad like there was no tomorrow it was probably the best salad I have ever had...  I will be back and I will enjoy some of my new favorites and anything new on the menu!  Great service and great food...
3	Oh, I so wanted to really love this place, but alas, I found it just ok.  I love the idea of farm to table dining, but this place is just lacking something.We went here over the weekend while we were hanging out at Tivioli Village for the Harvest Festival.  The mail was packed, but Ogden's was empty.  There were only 2 other tables in the entire place.  It's always a little odd to eat in an empty restaurant.  We tried the fish & chips and the chili with cornbread.  Both items were good, but only good.  At $17 for fish & chips seemed really high.  The chili and bread was $6, which I thought was a great deal.  I have had better rich & chips at other places and for much less moolah.  The servers tare all very friendly.  We had my 2 year old wit us, so she attracted all of the ladies working, which she loved.  Our drinks were never empty, which is always a bonus.  Our server checked on us regularly as well.If you are into beer, Ogden's had a great beer list with a lot of the smaller regional breweries from the West Coast.  So Hop's and Harvest is ok in my book.  Just don't expect it to blow your socks off.
2	I cannot think of a single soul in the Western valley who does not hold out hope that Tivoli Village will succeed. With an envious location and a pleasing architectural design, it's the kind of place where you just know you will want to go - except for the fact that just about everything there is a serious disappointment. Ogden's Hops and Harvest is the latest attempt to occupy one of the four pillars of the Tivoli Village's main square. I do not claim to be an expert on the comings and goings of restaurants within Tivoli Village, but as an outside observer it still looks more than half empty and it's already had more than its share of failed eating establishments.Approaching the front door, one feels overly enthusiastic. The layout of Tivoli is warm and inviting and just about every location within the Village has an entrance that, well just feels right. Your enthusiasm quickly fades when you enter the main floor as you start to wonder what the architect of this layout was thinking. Walk toward the back and you will find a bar whose position and design defies all sense of logic: there's a whole side of the bar that pins you in a corner - how uncomfortable. I never gave the second floor a look, but I have to hope it must be better than this.The staff was delightfully pleasant and the bartender had a whit that could charm the feathers off a peacock. These factors alone could make Ogdens good enough to revisit - that is if you are not planning on eating anything. I know I am probably someone who completely fails to appreciate haute, so take that into consideration before judging the next few paragraphs.I simply do not get the menu - which is probably the easiest way to explain it. Just one small page of items from appetizers to dessert which I can only assume is some type of artistic statement by the chef. The problem is none of it seems to make any sense, at least not to me. I am certain there is some section of society that will find this kind of haute simplicity appealing, I just don't know if there are enough of them to keep a place like this in business. It was Friday night and no one was knocking down the door to get in, so I may just be right about that.Interestingly enough, the food itself was both a disaster and a success, which makes the whole concept of this restaurant even more confusing. The seemingly signature Oggie's Doggie was nearly indigestible and could easily ruin your appetite, whereas the Crispy Polenta Bites were a surprising delight, an interesting and unique dish. As with any review, this is bound to upset a few of those interesting people who simply love this type of haute cuisine (and quite possibly the chef himself), but over-all I came away feeling Ogden's Hops and Harvest is not going to make Tivoli Village the kind of place everyone hopes it will become.
3	Prices are a bit higher than they should be, and the Happy Hour hours are not very good. Drink selection was only okay, food menu was nothing super special. Food was good, if a little expensive. Solid middle-of-the-pack rating. Nothing really significant to say, nothing that really stands out. Which is as much a recommendation as it is a criticism.I feel like this review should be longer but it really wasn't special in any way.
1	We saw the reviews and we're excited to try this place out.  We came on a Sunday and the place was dead at 630pm. Right away we were told they do not have any fish at all so there goes a third of the menu. I ordered a pumpkin pie cocktail (sounded interesting and it was the holidays)  then our server came right back and said they were out of that too!  I ordered the avocado burger my wife orders the short ribs sandwich and we also had the grill cheese bites.  The bites we OK but nothing great.  Took forever for the main course to come out,  about twenty five minutes after the appetizer. I ordered my burger medium rare and when it came out it was way overcooked and had no flavor at all. The short ribs burger was also very bland.  The fries tasted like they were frozen and they were very soggy,  I had to drench them in ketchup to get a few down.  Overall,  I would not be able to recommend this place unless you want a burger that you could have just got at a fast food place for half the price.  Atmosphere was nothing special either,  it's like they could not decide if they wanted to be a sports bar type place or  nice sit down place.  I am all for big name chefs having their own spots but it seems that the people in charge here are the problem and if the chef actually saw the food and tasted it he would be very upset with the quality.
1	Very slow service.  Purchased lunch special that included beer.  They refused to give us beer and stated that they were cleaning their beer lines.  Poor planning, they should perform maintenance during closed hours, not during lunch time.  I would not return there.
2	Have to look back on my initial optimism for this spot with disappointment.  We went really early, like the day after they opened, so I was hopeful that they would figure out the awkward space.  I don't think that's happened.  Plus, the last couple times I went to the bar, I noticed a really terrible smell.  Huge space in a big, high-end shopping development, and the restaurant stinks.  Over the years, I've loved some dives for their stench, it's part of the package or overall experience.  But at a place as sterile and pristine as Tivoli Village (an Italian village that looks like it's been plopped down in the desert by aliens), bad odors are out of place and totally unacceptable.  Write your own jokes about the aliens who developed this spot and plays on Bradley Ogen's initials (BO).  Add to that that service is stilted for a place that's trying to cultivate a "fun" vibe.  I've been to places that have elevated food in a playful or at least relaxed atmosphere, where they pull off that delicate balance.  OH&H misses the mark.  It must be a challenge to attract quality staff to the suburbs when there are so many great opportunities for good people on the strip.  But that's not my problem.I really like Bradley Ogden.  My 1yo daughter loves him, and we love his food.  His spot at Caesars was a special occasion place for us.  We can actually walk to this place from our house.  Given all that, it really pains me to say that it's unlikely we'll be back.
