2	My husband and I ate lunch at Kabuki restaurant and while it served it's purpose the meal wasn't much above mediocre. We ordered the following: Husband: SAMURAI DELUXE - $10.95Beef Teriyaki, Chicken Teriyaki, Shrimp and Vegetable Tempura Me: DYNAMITE ROLL - $4.25 (6 slices)Sauteed Vegetables, Crab VOLCANO SUSHI #1 - $3.75 (2 slices)Baked spicy Tuna VEGAS - $10.00 (not on menu) (6 slices) SEAWEED SALAD - $4.95Marinated Seaweed with Sesame oil and seed MISO SOUP - $1.50 The sushi was just *ok*. The dynamite roll was the best in terms of flavor, the Vegas roll was tasty although Stingray's and Ra's is much better. I found the Volcano to be a little lacking in flavor and texture. The seaweed salad was great, just like the kind I purchase at the Chinese market in the Cultural Center and priced comparatively. The husband's tempura was sort of bland and the chicken and beef were fine. The green salad with miso and ginger dressing was very nice. The decor is nice and the wait staff was attentive except towards the end when we were waiting for our check. Bathrooms were clean and orderly. With food and drink and tax our check came to roughly $40. For lunch and considering the quality that was kind of pricey. There are other Japenese options on the west side of town that are much better. If I were going for a work function and not footing the bill, I'd eat there. Otherwise there are too many other options at Westgate with the same view and better food.
4	Last night was my best friends bday and in our world sushi + saki = FUN!  I always get the vegas roll(not on the menu) but the waiter suggested trying out the fried california roll and adding cream cheese I was also super hungry and decided to try out an appetizer. It was hard  choosing an appetizer everything looked so good! It was a showdown between fried tofu, tempura, and we finally decided on calamari. I was not happy with that decision bc last weekend I ate fishy rubbery calamari at some Irish pub at Tempe Marketplace. I blame myself for that poor decision lol.  The appetizer was sooo tasty and renewed my love for calamari again and the fried california roll was sooo dreamy! I look forward to coming back and trying out other tasty items on the menu.
5	Commercialize sushi place. I'd say the bad service ratings were due to the place being new and training staff. Happy hour here is awesome...awesome drinks, and a good amount of appetizers, rolls, and other food items are on the happy hr menu. Calamari is something we always get. Tempura is usually good. New rolls on the menu. Expect Edamame every time you order any sushi item. At this location, you can have happy hour in the bar or in general seating. Everything is in Japanese style, so the tables aren't very spacy. Sake bombs are always fun. Don't be afraid to leave comment cards as they actually do take them into consideration. A lot of people only leave them if they're unhappy, but you should let them know what they're doing right as well. They offer every type of tea, flavored/sweetened, as well as unsweetened, green tea hot and iced as well as oolong. All are yummy if you like tea. If not, you might want to stick to a sweetened raspberry ice tea or peach. Strawberry lemonade is yummy too. And the cocktails are delish. If you like fish....the tuna tataki is the best i've had. If you like meat...get the korean ribs. Chicken terriyaki is what you get if you don't know what you're ordering/you're inexperienced. Sitting at the sushi bar is fun, but when it's busy it can be really crowded. All the salads are yum. This place has ton of variety so something for everyone. OH and the dessert are soooo wonderful. If you like diamond ice, get the freddo. This place has ice cream for everyone, vanilla if you're not adventurous, and red bean or green tea if you like those flaves.
1	WOW! That is all I can say. I have been to hundreds of restaurants. Service can vary from place to place and but NEVER in the history of my eating (15-20 years) have I ever been refused a return when food is not up to par.So we decided to try Kabuki in Westgate for the 1st time. I am always looking for good Sushi in the West Valley and there are a few decent places but nothing compares to Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale, AZ.The hostess was the best part of the experience. She was courteous and smiling and actually was the most helpful to us in the end. Our sever was a nice friendly guy and overall I didnt have any problem with the service. I would have hoped he would have gone to bat for us a little more or even fluffed his Manager's response to not ruin our meal, but he was young and terribly honest.We ordered a Fried Calamari appetizer and another dish with Tuna that I cant remember along with 3 rolls. The problem was that when the Calamari Appetizer came I was hit with a wiff of Fish!!!! It was very hard (over cooked). I tried a few pieces. I didnt really care for their version of a dipping sauce.So as I do in any other restaurant, I told the waiter to take it back, and I would gladly order something else. He came back and said: "All I could do was get you 50% off because my manager tasted it, and he didnt think it tasted bad..."WHOAAA!!!!1) I was a restaurant manager for 5+ years and I have never eaten the food of a plate that came back from the dining room. I actually had a long talk one time with a bus boy who I caught doing that. I actually bought him dinner out of my pocket I felt so bad for him. I doubt the manager was hungry.....2) Does it really matter what the manager thinks of the food, its what the customer believes.I also NEVER returned food without going to the table and personally finding out whats wrong, show compassion for their unhappiness, and make them feel like we cared.So after the waiter brought the dinner, by that time we started losing apetite. I finally told the waiter that I would like to see the manager. He comes to the table and the 1st words out of his mouth was :"Whats the problem here.... " with an attitude of disgust (like I would rather be sitting on a cactus then be here right now).This type of service from a restaurant manager is completely un-accpetable. We ate maybe 25-50% of the food and paid full price for almost all of it. They did remove the Calamari but it really didnt matter... the damage was done.I have been able to send back Lobster at Red Lobster. In this case it was an $8.95 calamari appetizer and I was actually going to buy something else.This brings me to my question of the day.... Has the West Valley area around Westgate lost the customer focus due to the heavy tourist traffic.... Has anyone else had bad service here on in the Westgate restaurants... I would love to hear your commentswww.crediblyedible.com
4	Outstanding sushi.  Off the hook bathrooms... I had a great buzz from the cold sake and beer I drank, but oh my, the crooked doorways and slanted walls get you spinning!  The uni was some of the best I have ever had, the toro was top notch, and my only complaint was the lack of fresh wasabi.  Come on sushi places... quit it with the play-dough powder mix and get the fresh stuff... charge $2 if you need to, we'll pay for it.
3	Over the weekend my three best girlfriends and I ventured out to Westgate for some b-day celebration!  We went to dinner @ Kabuki.  Reservations are not taken on Friday and Saturday when I phoned I was assured the wait wouldn't be much longer the 5-10 minutes.  My g-friends and I arrived a little after 8 p.m. on Saturday.  I walked up to the hostess and put our name in.  I think you can tell a lot by the restaurant by the people working the front of the house.  These were two teenagers working part time who had far too much make-up on and were simply bothered by having to work.  Not a very good first impression.  We walked outside and people watched thinking we only had a 10 minute wait @ the most.  We asked to sit on the patio and when I looked there were 4 tables open.  After 10 minutes we walked into the bar area.  KIRIN on tap!!  Things are looking better.  The little couches outside were available so we sat out there.  Just as we sat down our buzzer went off.  We were walked to our table.  Second to the last table on the patio.  Our waiter arrives.  Tom is going to take care of us.  I let Tom know that it's a b-day celebration and that we can get kinda rowdy.  He's up for the challenge.  We order drinks.  Sake bombers and a vodka drink - everything good so far.  I think Kabuki should be best known for their sushi.  My dinner of chicken/steak teriyaki was good.  It was just run of the mill.  Rice was good.  Everything tasted great.  We had edamame and veggie tempura.  Appreciated the large pieces of veggies.  B-day girl said she had some of the best sushi she has had in a while.  We also tried the steak/asparagus salad.  That was delish.  Spears of asparagus come wrapped in thinly sliced steak.  Perfectly seasoned.  The salad part of the appetizer was a little weighed down by so much dressing but it was good.  Another g-friend had beef sukiyaki.  Holy Sukiyaki this bad boy came out in a huge boiling pot.  It was large.  Tons of veggies, noodles on the bottom and the steak.  Served with salad and rice she loved it.  Too much for one person.  Can and should be shared.  Next time I want to go and get one of the boats.  So many of those were served the night that we were there.  Looked good.  The atmosphere around the restaurant is good.  It can get rowdy.  There is a bar next to the restaurant with smoking allowed outside.  The night that we were there we got to see two fights.  First one started by the guys and then their women followed up.  The women were later put in  cuffs.  It was exciting.
2	The seafood prepared here was the least fresh I have had in Phoenix. I've had better results with the Sushi at Safeway or Trader Joes. The beer and wine menu also needs something to separate itself from every other restaurant. If you're looking for Sushi on the far West side, the only joint left after the demise of Be Sushi is Koi (across from the Arrowhead Harkins).
3	It's good, the location is good, the service is good, the prices are well, high, I was able to eat mostly off of the Happy Hour menu and that made it worth while.  We tried several things without having to take a loan out on my first born, and our waitress started having fun with us at the end.  I will say this, if you go and drink, be careful of the bathroom, the designer/architect is messing with you head.  I'm seriously thinking of hosting a party and paying for several rounds of drinks just to get some great YouTube videos of people coming and going into the bathroom here.
4	This place is AWESOME!  It's a trendy - hip kind of environment decorated very deco-shiek.  Not sure how else to describe it....the inside looks like a sculpture.  I'll have to snap some pictures when I'm there next.I started with Miso soup which was pretty traditional and nothing to write home about. Same with the edemame. As far as those two things are concerned, its pretty hard to mess them up - lol. The next course we did some sushi. I got a couple Maguro and can't remember the roll. They have such a large variety of rolls. There is definitely something for everyone on the menu. The Maguro was cut unusually thick for sushi. I had a hard time consuming it. Don't get me wrong, I love tuna but the concept behind sushi is one...maybe two bites. This was more like 4. Next, I had the Koshou chicken. It was spicy and sweet...a great blend of flavors...served over a sticky rice. On the side were shitake mushrooms and asparagus. I wish I were able to describe this dish better. It was so good that I cant imagine going to Kabuki and not ordering it. I was there during an off time 3:00 pm so service was exceptional. Not surprising since there were only a handful of people in the restaurant. I had to go back to work so didn't have a chance to sample any saki.....which there is a large variety. If you plan to go more than once, you can sign up for their "club" on line which gives you discounts and free meals once you accrue enough points. I am taking one star away for how the sushi was cut. Other than that, this place is incredible.
2	Not a place for food. I am very particular about my sushi, so I was pretty skeptical about trying out the sushi here. The options for sashimi weren't too tempting, so I thought I'd be brave and try out a roll since there were so many of them. A lot of them sounded pretty creative too. I decided on the mori soba for half of my meal, and also ordered a AAA Box Sushi Roll. The mori soba was actually the perfect thing to get for a warm summer night. The soba noodles were perfectly cooked and the nori, ginger, and scallions that accompanied the tsuyu were plenty. The AAA box sushi, on the other hand, was the greatest disappointment of the night. It is called AAA because it includes layers of Avocado, Asparagus, Albacore, and of course, rice and nori. First of all, it took forever for this roll to come out. Everyone in the party had finished eating by the time this roll arrived. The server said that it takes a long time to make this roll, but there is the possibility that he may have forgotten to order it. The albacore and asparagus were barely noticeable. All you can taste was the rice, avocado, nori, and the sweet sauce they smothered the roll in. This place definitely has a good atmosphere if you're just looking for a place to hang out and have some drinks. The customer service was a bit slow, but the server bought our birthday girl her drink, so that was cool.
1	If you're a sushi connoisseur, DON'T GO HERE!!Let me just start off by listing all of the cons about this place:1) They are wayyy over-priced for what they're serving.  $10-15 for rolls and almost $5 for nigiri, are you kidding me??  I didn't pay that much for sushi places in Florida where they had a world-renowned sushi chef. 2) The service was horrible.  The waitress was nice enough but took her 15 minutes to bring our drinks we ordered (how hard is it to grab beer??), another 5 to bring the menus, and another 10 for water because she forgot.  Sushi took over half an hour - during which time we were never asked if we wanted another drink.3) The happy hour sucks.  What kind of happy hour is just a few nigiri and plain rolls?  They had more alcohol on the happy deal than sushi.The food itself could have been alright, if it weren't over-priced.  For the amount we paid, I'd have to call it mediocre.  The entire restaurant is setup more like a trendy bar than a good sushi place.  I don't ever plan on going back here, since I found something better in Goodyear.
3	Let's start with GREAT location..it's funky, good music, great people watching, if it's not too hot definitely try the patio. That's what we did.So my friends and I decided to eat at this place before hitting the Pink concert. Started off with some cocktails..We had a Blue Moon, Chi Chi and Tsunami, all very different and all delicious..and they weren't watered down which is always a plus!. So cocktails..check. Sushi..I like unique rolls and most of their rolls were pretty average as far as menus go. Nothing too funky to catch my eye. I ended up with the Lotus on Fire Roll (spicy tuna, lotus root, and Jalapeno on top of a california roll) and I was happy with my choice. I could have had it more spicy but i guess that's what sriracha sauce is for right? My friends had some other rolls and there were no complaints. Sushi...check. Dessert.. Banana Tempura, Chocolate Pyramid Anglaise, Hazelnut Cappucino Torte. I had the banan and tried theirs.. i like mine the best, it was amazing, however they seemed to enjoy theirs, again no complaints. dessert...check. I will definitely go back and try an entree next time.I noticed that a few people over priced at all, pretty average as far as sushi, dessert and cocktails go during non HH hours... maybe compared to kyoto bowl...I guess take those comments with a grain of salt since you don't know what they're comparing it to. Regular non HH pricing..It's a little bit less expensive than Roka, more expensive than Akai Hana..same as Kyoto (not bowl) and RA. There were 3 of us.. 5 cocktails between us, 3 sushi rolls, 3 desserts.. bill was approx $32/ea
3	One dollar game day is a great value. Spicy ika salad leaves your mouth on fire! Prob not a destination for sushicons, but good sushi.--if you can put up with the endless billboards on your way there, it is at the top of the escalator--one dollar game day: on home games, buy one at regular price, get 2nd for $1--spicy ika salad is delicate, simple and HOT. 3 glasses of water later, I was still on fire.--did I mention the non-stop advertising and billboards? I think westgate has set some kind of record.--don't miss the bathrooms; quite the slanted experience.
2	Sadly  this isn' t as good the second time as the first time. The first time I was here the food seemed fresh and light and I really enjoyed a Volcano Sushi/ Tartare  dish .. mmmm  but this time ..what happened   ?The service was okay although for as empty as the place was , it seemed a  bit slow for refills and checking in. Akward sushi service , we were sitting at the bar and suddenly get  all our sushi at once on all different plates  ahhh  where do we put them , and no one has cleared our appetizer plates??? The rolls were big but sadly unmemorable.... something fried , something spicy tuna ish ,,blah blahdy  blah...  you get the picture. The good ole boys sitting next us were kind of fun to watch. They were singing country songs, while watching football , cramming too big of pieces of sushi in their mouths..It's not good when the slanted bathrooms are the most memorable part of your restaurant.  Doubt I 'll be back.
3	My buddy and I happened to go to Kabuki at the Westgate center on a Cardinals home game day.  Kabuki has a One Dollar Game Day Menu.  It goes something like this.  Buy a beer at regular price, get the next one for a dollar.  This special was good for appetizers, sushi, an rolls.  We made it out of Kabuki for under fifty bucks before tip.  It was a great deal.The sushi was just okay.  Three stars for a good bargain.  I have to mark my calendar for those home games.  It is a good reason to grub on the west side.
2	Ok so we went here on a saturday night and it was fairly busy everywhere at Westgate. When we walked in we were greated and told it would be a 20 min. wait, fine by me seeing that this place was packed. 45 minutes later after complaining to the hostess that she had her timing off, she explained to me why everyone was getting seated before me. She said there is no wait to sit at the sushi bar, well thanks for letting me know when I walked in lady. I honestly think we were the last people to sit down for the night out of the 12 groups that came in before or after us, mostly after. So then we sat and waited 5 minutes for our waiter to come to our table, ordered a round of beers and It took over ten minutes for him to come back, then he explained that they had to change out the tap, once again they should have told me this in half the time. So we ordered a bunch of sushi, a big mix and it was quite enjoyable but not the best ever. Halfway through our meal we ordered another round, it took 8 minutes, maybe they changed the tap faster that time. After noticing that we were frustrated with the amount of time we have spent there waiting to be seated, get food, and our drinks the waiter backed off and was more interested in other tables than seeing if we needed anything. So then we asked the manager if we could tab out because we are ready to go. Within two minutes the waiter is at our table asking if we need anything and that he really appreciates that we stopped in, and that he is sorry for being so busy.  So you were chewed out and now your trying to save your tip great, lucky we give 20% everytime no matter what because I wanted to give nothing, and almost broke my rule.  So key pointers here; Good sushi, bad hostesses wo care more about gossip tha being honest about your wait time or explaining the restaurant, Understaffed, Overcrowded with a loud younger crowd (not the place you would go for a peacefull night out) and Lacking service. I am going to give it another try in the next few days and update my review on if it changed at all. Hope this helps!
2	This place must be used to constant flow of new customers brought in by the adjacent stadiums.  i say that because I cannot see why anyone would specifically choose to return.  Not that the place was horrible - but Like the 2-star guideline says "meh - I've had better".  Lets start with the service.  We got there before the stadium crowd showed up and placed out order.  Evetuanllyt the crowds streamed in, took theor seats, ordered and were served.  And we continues to wait - no server in sight.  After about 25 minutes and all the tables around us being seated in served while we wated in hunger, the server stoppped by to say our order would eb coming soon.  Clearly they must ahve forgotten the order, but no admission, no apology.  After the ffod finally arrived, I sat for a long time with an empty cup of tea befoer a refill arrived. And another long wait for the check.Now the food - I ahve toa dmit that a few things were really good.  The yellowtail tartar starter, served with a layer of green fish egg (not sure what kind) on top, was luscious.  i regretted sharing with the husband, as I could ahve eaten it (plus a second one!) by myself.  The lobster roll and soft shell crab roll were also delicious.  Not too sweet, not too filed with mayo and only a touch of Krab-with-a-K (it should be illegal).  We hoped the salmon and snapper sashimi would round out the meal and make us forget about the long wait... but sadly, they were both soft and mealy-textured, and not worth the stomach space after the tasty rolls.The bathrooms have angled walls that can be a bit disorienting, but rather funky in an OK way, despite the been-there-done-thatness of the theme.  It was the floor drain that was covered over in strips of masking tape that had become stained with dirt and grime that yucked me out.  In the stalls, facing the wall when I entered all looked clean (except the yucko-max drain tape),  Upon taking a  seat and viewing the walls of the stall, I say the bottom 2 feet of the stall walls were filthy.  I guess whoever clean the bathrooms only faces in the stalls and never turns around.  Bleh.The server, when he made his infrequent visits to our table, was kind and courteous (except for treating our wait like a matter of course).  As a result we weren't quite as miffed about our $90.00 (no alcohol) dinner as we otherwise would have been.  It's amazing what simply being nice can overcome.  unfortunately, not enough to make it beyond 2 stars
3	I'm no Sushi expert, and far from being a master of Japanese food. But this place seems good to me. Great environment, good vibe inside and busy commerce below make it a fun place. The food has always been terrific, just a little over priced in my opinion. We've been there a few times, and the sushi always seems fresh, well presented, and a very good balance of flavors in each roll. Great place to eat and splurge a little if you are going around the Westgate area for a game, concert, or the piano bar down the way. I would have given them 4 stars had the service been a little quicker and a little friendly. Maybe the five times I've been there, they were just having bad nights...but it was a little like my sushi order was being taken by someone moonlighting from the local waffle house.
3	Ok, but nothing Amazing.For some reason our beer glasses kept coming out warm, and it wasn't crazy full or anything.The sushi was pretty good, complicated names for some complicated looking sushi.The most interesting part was the hallway leading to the restrooms. The walls are all slanted to make you feel off balanced. I think I ran into the wall a couple times.
3	MMMMM went here for the first time to have some happy hour with my favoritest person ever! She goes here all the time! Me on the other hand has never seen Westgate before hmm 9 pm and the only thing I usually order is a nice strong drink. I was rather excited. I see her at the top of the escalator, just like those cheesy movies we hug when I reach her. We sit at the bar...first thing I notice is a really bad smell. It wasn't her haha I gave her a hug and it was fine. It wasn't me, I smelt like perfume. Hmmm the bartender in me came back...so I smelt the menu. EWWWWWW it was cleaned with a rag from the sanitizer bucket probaly, but it has not been switched out for a while. I had to wash my hands. I ordered a kirin and a spicy tuna salad. Everything tasted amazing...my bill was a lovely 8 bucks. I left stuffed and satisfied with the food...but I could not get the smell of those menus out of my nose!
2	I definitely had better.  This place is over rated.  Second time I have been here and had the same poor experience.  I felt I was paying more for the location than I was for the food.  The food was okay and the service was poor.  If you ever decide to go eat around west gate I recommend you try the Yard House, they have a great selection of beer and some great lunch and dinner items.
5	"Kabuki" is one of those restaurants where you walk in and expect to pay 70 dollars for a meal for two and end up paying 25 dollars instead.I don't quite understand the whole pettiness on sushi, it's SUSHI. Raw fish, rice, vegtables and random sauces. If you don't like it, then you probably should try a different roll! As a former sushi addict, I came to love this place that once fed my addiction. They have great prices on their menu items, so it's another excuse to be a pig and order twice as many rolls :) That is, if you are not on a date, you don't want your date to see your inner porker QUITE yet.. lol This place is very modern. The view is AMAZING. It overlooks the Coyote Stadium, sure it's no New York City view, but it beats looking at the Glendale desert.Kabuki makes my mouth water, I don't care what anyone says, just because this place is beautiful and upscale does not automatically mean their sushi will not be good! Let me make this clear, Kabuki is delicious!! I use to go at least twice a week with my fellow sushi addict friends!! That says something, right?? :) In conclusion, I heart Kabuki, I heart their sushi, I heart their ambiance and most of all I heart their prices.
4	I'm a sushi addict and so far Kabuki has been feeding my addiction well and better than any other sushi bar in the West Valley. It is more Americanized sushi, but the fish is always fresh and top quality.  The only two complaints I have are that sometimes customer service is lacking and there seems to be a lot of specialty rolls made from the base of a California roll.  If you eat California rolls, that is not sushi in my book so I'm not a fan of seeing it all over the menu.  Other than that the food always comes out quickly, everything tastes great and is very fresh, and the whole vibe is relaxing.  It's very modern Asian decor that looks like an expensive restaurant but the prices are extremely fair.  They are always playing modern music that is hot at the moment which caters to most of the younger crowd that eats here.  The bar is stylish and the wine/sake list is quite good.  Some of my favorites have been the Lychee saketini, Sake Sangria, sesame chicken appetizer, spicy tuna roll, sunkissed roll, rose roll, uni, and the pyramid roll.  They also have a Red Mask club you can sign up for that gives you a $25 gift certificate for every $500 you spend over time and discounts on birthdays/anniversaries.
3	Overall, the food and atmosphere, prices and experience are above average.  The only reason they didn't get a higher rating from me was the service.  From the hostess when we first arrived, to the waitress who attended to our table there seemed to be a kind of nonchalance about them that translates to "you aren't important to me".  I'm sure that isn't what Kabuki is trying to portray to their clientele, but nevertheless it is a common criticism among my friends and family who have dined there as well as mine and my partner.  Could use some training for their staff.  If there's an EVENT at the mall on the day you go, also be prepared to wait - and wait - for a table.  The management is not as well equipped to handle crowds as they might otherwise be.  I still go to Kabuki on a semi-regular basis, which speaks volumes since I am impatient with inept service "professionals".
4	This place really surprised me... I normally don't like hipster sushi restaurants but I came here the first time on a recommendation and wasn't disappointed. The food was actually a lot better than I expected.It's really nice inside, I love the lighting and decor plus the view of the Westgate fountains is kind of cool. As Faith A. mentioned in her review, I expected to pay a lot more than what I did for my dinner + alcohol...that's a plus!Last year I celebrated my birthday here with a party of 20 people (originally invited 12) which kind of worried me because they don't accept reservations on the weekend, but they had no problem accommodating us when the tables became available. The servers were really cool with our large party and even gave me some birthday drinks on the house! Then after that I couldn't really remember... OH and like everyone says - the bathrooms are cool and disorienting... but not fun after you've had a few sake bombs.
3	Kabuki wont deliver cutting edge delights like that basement gem in Boston or Seattle, so dont get your hopes up.  But if you're like me, thrilled to dip a few standard rolls in too much soy without getting sick in the shadow of the stadium, Kabuki's a kickass spot for the family to enjoy that second rate sushi experience. We've had two decent meals here. One in a hurry before a game and the second a more leisurely affair out on their porch overlooking the outdoor mall. Both servers were young and tentative, but polite and pleasant and accomodated our plans well each time. The sushi is very ordinary.  Tempura's better.  On a generic Quality/Price scale, it's too expensive, but you're also paying for a special location, steps from the stadium and parking. The premium they charge for that, compared to other pregame alternatives, seems like a very fair exchange.
4	We have been to Kabuki quite a few times. Last night was our most recent visit before catching a movie. We have always been very happy with the quality of the food and the great value! We have turned on many of our friends to the place, and they all love it!   The Lotus roll is to die for!! Baked lobster on top of a california roll in an excellent sauce. My husband would eat only that if I let him! But, everything is good. The tempura mozzarella appetizer is excellent, also! The fish is always very fresh. Of course, don't forget your saki bomber!!  The happy hours are great, also. They have reverse happy hour during the week, also, where you can get drinks, rolls, sushi, etc. on a buy one get one for a dollar deal. The happy hour menu has many of their items on it. Check it out!
3	Been here a few times for HH in the bar.  It was ok.  Since we are sitting in the bar on the sofas, we seems to be forgotten by the server.  We had to remind the server a few times on refills.  The food has been ok.  Nothing special.  The Fried Tofu was surprising the best dish we had.  We tried the:Gyoza Dumping - OK tastingSesame Chicken - OKYakitori - Good the mariate was just rightBBQ Beef Ribs - Not bad at allThe other had sushi and they said it was ok.
3	Went to Kabuki on Sunday afternoon for a lil bit of sushi with my girlfriends. The place was absolutely empty, and we really wanted to sit out on the patio. The hostess told us to sit wherever we wanted, and then mentioned to us that we probably shouldn't sit all the way on the end because it's too far for the waitress to walk. Not very professional in my opinion. Other than that, great experience. Yummy sushi, good prices, just not the best service.
4	We were on our way back from Rocky Point and needed to find some place to eat. We stopped at Westgate thinking there were a lot of places to eat. Although we picked Kabuki, I wasn't expecting much from a "mall" sushi place. I was really surprised at how good the speciality rolls were. The Hamachi was huge. They have Garlic Edamame too. I have no complaints.
5	After Wrestlemania 26 at the University of Phoenix Stadium, we were headed back to our car when we received a voucher for 20 dollars if we came up and got something to eat, and we wouldn't have to pay for parking.  How could we pass up the opportunity for free parking and 20 dollars in sushi.  The Sushi was awesome, and I was so happy I didn't have to pay to park & got 20 dollars in free sushi, I thought there is only one thing that can make this evening better.  An ice cold Sapporo beer and some calamari.  What a great way to end my birthday weekend in Phoenix, AZ! One last note folks, If you have had a couple beers before you use the restroom, don't freak out, the bathroom is slanted.
4	My friends really like this place and think it's the best sushi place in Arizona. However, I don't know how that compares to places back home in CA. I would say for a pricey sushi place, they are pretty good and the rolls are surprisingly really well done. I'm not big on raw fish, so I pretty much only eat spicy tuna rolls if I do, and it tastes pretty good. It was my first time going, so we shared a bunch of stuff. We had gyoza (I've had better elsewhere), edamame, ca roll, shrimp tempura roll, sunkissed roll (spicy tuna w salmon and avocado), unagi roll, baja roll (Ca roll with salsa on top which was surprisingly good), and a baked lobster roll (ca rolls with baked lobster) and it was really good. They have decent priced sake bombs and their beers are huge, so almost worth the $10. I really liked the lychee mojito, although it was more on the sweet side than the alcoholic side. They brought out a cake and those 5 yr old birthday party hats for my friend and made him look like a dork, so that made it an even better time =)
5	I just don't understand how this place would get anything less of 5 stars. After reading some of the reviews on here I am so disappointed at what the main complaints are. I guess some people are used to going to an over the top sushi place in Scottsdale where you get your ass wiped for you. I mean seriously get over yourselves people. Kabuki is THE BEST! I love the veggie roll there, the avocado, and pretty much anything vegetable. My boyfriends favorite is the Alaskan, Dynamite, Philadelphia, and sushi tempura. I have tried other sushi places (Stingray, Sushi Brokers, etc) and I can honestly say that nothing compares. Friday night and Saturday nights, yes it gets busy, yes, you may have to wait, get over it. If it's busy and it takes a few minutes for your alcoholic drink to arrive, so be it, it's JUST a drink. I love coming to Kabuki, I love that they offer the Red Mask Club so you can get coupons in the mail, and over all I love the Reverse Happy Hour. Buy one get one for a dollar? Yes please :)
3	Walked by a couple of times heading over to Saddle ranch, but this time I said "lets do it!" , being a sushi snob , I was happy to try a new place.After being sat in what seemed to be the norm of red and black decor , was sat right next to a server station , however next to the window which was pleasant. Food- I ordered The Pyramis roll, which got me with the Yuzu tartar sauce, and also a spicy tuna roll.( although generic I think it says alot , its like a chef cooking chicken, you should alwasy get it right.) The Tuna roll was way too large and had to be cut in half in order for me to fit it in my mouth, waaay to much rich. However the pyramid roll was fantastic, left me wanting more.Booze time- I had a Tokyo Mojito with cucumber. it tasted exactly like you would think, nothing special , but refreshing.Service- I must say I have had way better. It was a simple, " something to drink?" , what would you like to eat" and " thank you" at the end, very cut and dry. So bad? no, good? no.Overall I would go back if I wanted Sushi and was at Westgate, but I wouldnt be sitting at home thinking " OH LETS GO THERE TONIGHT"
2	Dinner started off great and then was just downhill from there.  We spend $70 on meal that we wouldn't have spent $20 on.  The prices listed online are a lot less than what are actually in the restaurant.  The cucumber mojito and garlic edemame were the highlight of the dinner.  Service was so-so, very standard like somebody had mentioned below.  Garlic Edemame: Phenomenal (best plate we had)Regular Edemame: Cold and tastelessHalibut Sushi:  Taste like it was a week old and really fishyYellowtail Sushi:  Tough and stringyRose Roll:  Average at bestChicken Sukiyaki:  HorribleApple Tart: Plate came and my boyfriend and I said "that's it!?" at the same time...was average tasting
2	Great location and great decoration, but 'meh' sushi is Kabuki's specialty.I'll give credit where credit is due and say their Samurai saketini was amazing, and one of the best drinks I've ever had. Too bad their sushi couldn't match such quality. The Aladdin roll just just meh. They were wrapped with the seaweed on the outside, which I would not have minded had the entire thing not unraveled when I picked it up. Never needed a spoon to finish my sushi before! The albacore it contained was nothing to write home about, and the shrimp tempura was boring and bland.The Lotus roll seems to be everyone's favorite, but I don't get it. Crayfish is ok I guess, but it's out of place when you just put it on top of a crappy California roll.If you put Kabuki on Bell road to compete with REAL sushi places (like Tokyo Lobby), it would go out of business in weeks. It's in a posh spot, and looks nice, so it's great for rookies who nosh on store bought imitation crab. The happy hour looks like a value that's actually worth trying this place again, but unless I'm in the right place at the right time, I have a myriad of better places to bust out the chopsticks.
4	We just stumbled upon this sushi bar, and we were pleasantly suprised that the sushi was really good and fresh, the portions were HUGE!  That was shocking, we couldnt even finish half lol The Westgate crowd was fun to watch, lots of loud saki bomber silliness going on , typical of a sushi house so whatever.The bathroom is rather odd, gave me a moment of vertigo lol You have to go to know what I mean lolI have to say I dont like it when the server says they are new so they dont know crap lol and bring everything out at once on HUGE trays when we are still enjoying the appetizer, but whatever.All in all it was tasty and filling I guess I am not a complainer, I have been to pretty much every sushi place in Phoenix and Scotts, this is not the worst, and the prices were really low, If I am out that way again sure why not.
2	My wife and I went to Kabuki for the second time and found it very consistent.  A little above average, but nothing to be all giddy about.  The poke style sashimi was excellent, while the sushi itself was good, but a bit over priced.  We sat at the sushi bar and depended on a waitress who managed to not remember we were there for most of the meal.  And to top things off, she tried to give me someone else's check.  Also, the Asahi beer was brought to my table in a bottle w/o a glass and it was warm.  So I'll give the food a 4 star for quality, but the service barely a 2 star as it was not good.
3	After the movies, we headed for Kabuki's. We got a table pretty quickly. We did not sit at the sushi bar, but it was facing it. The wait service was OK. Drink refills were a little slow. Ordered: Gyoza - Not bad Sliced (raw) beef - Excellent Yellowtail/Hamachi - Super (big slices of fish) Tuna/Maguro - Good Octopus/Tako - Good Chicken & Beef Terriyaki - OK Miso soup - Good Char sui ramen - Had better, noodles tasted packaged store bought Iced green tea - YUM The prices were not too bad.  Wanted to order the Fatty tuna/Toro but they ran out.  WHAT?  For a Saturday night, you do not have Toro???
5	I had never tried Sushi before and this was my very first tasting with a friend. It was amazing! I love the atmosphere and the people. Can't wait to go back!
4	I have been to this place a good 8-10 times.  Each time I found it pleasant.Every time I have sat at the sushi bar.  Is it me or is that Salmon thingy they give to you (for free) the most insanely awesome piece of food I have ever had?  Wow that is good.  Luckily my wife does not like Salmon, so I greedily swoop up both pieces!  I have taken my brother (from FL) and one of my best friends (from TX) and they have both said that it was the best sushi they have ever had.  Sanchez and Chris make some mean rolls, to be sure.The Lotus Roll is my second fave thing on the menu (first being that Salmon thing, and I do not even know if it is on the menu), that I have had so far.  Really good stuff.  The yellow fin and fatty tuna are great.In short, I have never had anything here that I have not liked.  It may be pricey ($100 for two, not TERRIBLE) but I think it is worth it.  Say hi to Sanchez for me.
2	There is not much for me to say about Kabuki except for ehhhhhhhh.I have been to this location twice now, and both times and yet to be wowed with both the service and quality of the food I am paying for, none of the less the long wait times for a table.My recent adventure is as follows:Friday night, 8:00 pm, party of 4.My fiance and I arrived first, put our name in, and was told a 30 minute wait.  That sounded tolerable, so up to the bar we went.  No place to sit, so we ordered at the bar: 2 beers, $10.75 with tip.  AND, these were less than a pint!  I was in awe.When we finally sat down, our waitress came, but seemed to lack basic knowledge of terms in the sushi world.  Everything I asked came with an "I don't know" or "I have never heard of that" with no offering to even find out if they had it in the back: Toro, White Tuna, Albacore Tataki, or ANY specialty fish.  Highly disappointed. We ordered a plethora of rolls for all of us to share, all of which were just ehhhhh.  The Kabuki Special roll was a joke.  I have never seen a roll lack so much in terms of presentation in my life for their "high quality" fish assortment.  The blobs of mush and fish topped 2 or 3 of the rolls.  We called this the mystery meat of the night.  The shishito peppers we ordered were undercooked and lacked the sauce I am traditionally used to them coming with.  The yellowtail sushi was bland and not memorable, which is unfortunate considering yellowtail is my favorite.For the price, quality, and service that I have received, I don't think I will be visiting Kabuki any time in the near future.  If I am going to spend money on sushi, I want all three of those things listed above.
3	Been here a few times and can only rate it as OK. The service has always been good and the food on the mediocre side. The best I have had are the noodle dishes but if you are a sushi fan you will be let down. Sure, if you are looking to do some serious drinking and need some sushi to chase your saki then this is a fun place. But for serious sushi others in the valley are going to be worth the drive. Read Roka Akor.
2	I went about trying that happy hour I mentioned a while back. The prices were happy for Westgate, I suppose, but still about the same as many other sushi bars throughout the valley.That awesome saketini I raved about last time? It no longer exists! I tried to fill that gap with the cucumber Tokyo mojito and the lychee lime martini, but they just can't compare to my first love. Don't get me wrong, I'll knock back plenty of those perfectly balanced mojitos. But the martini? I appreciate using lychee in drinks, but the bitterness of the shochu vodka makes it a drink I'll only enjoy because of the lychee pulp. At $5.50 each, don't think your hour will be happy if you and a buddy have too many.The sesame chicken was good after the first few bites, but just too darn greasy for me. Tough to finish. The rolls available are all below par, and that rose roll was disgusting! I know spicy tuna isn't the best sushi filling, but not only did it suck, the way it was just slathered on made me roll my eyes.Along with that mojito (I'm guilty of craving one), the nigiri is some of the better stuff I had. The albacore was neat and delicious--but at $3 a pop (Okay...$2.95), I don't think it provides the push to boost this place into 3-star territory.I'll inevitably be back with people that don't know any better, or just love Westgate in general. And I'll keep checking in. Don't let it go to your head!
3	My boyfriend and I ate at this place several months ago before I became vegan. I was pathetically hungover from a night of over-indulgence and was in desperate need of sake. I am convinced that sake is the quickest and least painful hangover cure. The bathroom was terribly dizzying given my current state. The "door" frames are at an odd angle, very Dr. Seuss and it made me feel strange inside! On to the food...My boyfriend and I ordered the Love Boat. My goodness it was HUGE!!! The order included a soup, salad, and rice. The boat was loaded with: chicken teriyaki, BBQ beef ribs, shrimp and vegetable tempura, gyoza, muscles, three pieces of California Roll, and a "seasonal" roll. The quality was pretty good and we were both stuffed! Our waitress was prompt and pleasant (even though she accidentally spilled a bit of drink on my $30 (!) planner). There were plenty of leftovers to be had!
4	Awesome sushi! Good service and they had delicious options for people who really were not into sushi. I had the the crunchy spicy tuna roll, which was great. This was a good change up from burgers and beer before catching a game on a Saturday.  However, a friend of mine went the week after me during the week and found it to be nothing special.
2	I am not a fan of Kabuki. The sushi menu isn't creative and most of the specialty rolls are California rolls topped off with fish. When the waitress brought me my sushi noticed it was the wrong roll. I finally got the right roll and it was so hard to eat because it kept on falling apart. The waitress never apologized and that kind of bugged me because I waited a long time for my food. My friend ordered the Vegas roll and it was good. If my friends drag me here again I'll probably order that.
3	Kabuki does not serve unforgettable food, but it's convenient and good enough to come back now and then. Their Dynamite, Vegas, and Alaskan rolls are my favorite. I would stay away from the the Lobster and Rose roll- bland and does not look appealing. I like my sushi with some kind of presentation. Don't forget to order dessert! I always get the green tea tempura ice cream, which is scrumptious!!
3	Consistent, that's why I go here. Not the most appealing description but sometimes I'm just too tired to explore the area when traveling. It's within walking distance from my hotel and there is a movie theater and shopping at this outdoor center.I have started off with the mango chi hi the last couple of times here and it is a very refreshing drink during the summer. I ordered the tempura appetizer and was disappointed. One piece of shrimp and the vegetables were overdone. I also got the rose roll and Philly roll. I must say both were good, the fish was fresh and I had some nice leftovers.Other than being seated in the corner by the hostess, the service was overall good. This is a place you could definitely come to when traveling by yourself.
1	Am glad my hubby liked his sushi, as I had one of the WORST restaurant experiences ever here.Our waitress was not exactly a firecracker, spoke very softly in a room full of loud bikers, and didn't seem in any hurry to help us.I am not a fish fan, but dearly love shellfish, so the grilled shrimp risotto sounded quite nice. Hubby's sushi arrived and he started in on it and was making nummy noises! When my plate of shrimp and risotto was tossed (literally) in front of me, I was expecting to be doing the same. Put a shrimp in my mouth and it was stone cold in the middle. Thought maybe this was a fluke, so went for #2. Not only was it even colder, but it had a funny taste and a fairly dry, rubbery texture.When the waitress returned, I asked if the shrimp was meant to be cold. She said no, and asked if I wanted her to get me another dish. I asked if the shrimp would be hot this time. She said yes, and took my dish. A few minutes later she returned with my original dish, risotto re-piled in the middle, with fresh greens and the remaining 5 shrimp from my first order. Shrimp were now warm, but VERY dry, rubbery and had a funny taste to them. When she returned again, I told her that the shrimp tasted funny and hubby showed her how dry they were. He asked if the shrimp had been frozen and she said yes. She returned a few minutes later to tell me that I was eating my meal incorrectly. Apparently, after 50 years, I am unable to dine in a restaurant without instruction! I was told that the shrimp were intentionally bland, because I was supposed to cut them up and stir them in with the flavorful risotto and sprouts. I advised her that the shrimp wasn't bland, it tasted funny, rubbery and dry. No response. No offer to get a different meal for me. Nothing. No adjustment was made to our check and my strongly worded letter to Kabuki will be for a full refund, no gift card, as I wouldn't be caught DEAD there again..
1	This place looks good on the cover but comes up way short.  I liked the menu and the photo menu - but the sushi wasn't fresh.  Everything came out all pretty but tasted bad.  Upon further review, most of the rolls are california rolls with stuff on them. I ordered 4 pieces of eel that were chewy.  They put WAY too much rice on each sushi piece and the rice was undercooked or something.  NOTHING we ate melted in your mouth like a good piece of sushi or a roll should do.  We ordered 5 rolls and an assortment of sushi and soups.  The mushroom soup that was $3 more than the normal miso soup had maybe 8 small mushroom fragments in it.  The chopsticks they give you are the cheap grocery store kind with splinters.  Too bad the sushi wasn't as good as you can get from some grocery stores... yes it was that bad - I'm never going back here again.
3	I was meeting up with a friend and we felt like sushi so we decided to stop in here.  I've been to the one in Tempe Marketplace so I pretty much knew what to expect food wise.  Service however was not very good.  It was a Tuesday afternoon and it wasn't especially busy but there was only one server for the whole restaurant.  I don't know who's staffing decision that was, but it was wrong.We waited for about 5 minutes to be seated, not terrible but it would have been nice if there was a host/hostess waiting by the door to seat us right away.  Once we were seated out waitress showed up a little bit later to bring us water.  We gave her our drink order at that point as well.  It took probably about 10 minutes for her to bring my drink, not my dates, and as she was dropping off my drink we asked if we could give her our food order as we had filled out the sheet already, she said that she would come back to get it.  Another 5 minutes and she finally brings the other drink and takes our food order.The rest of the meal went pretty much the same way, it would take about 15 minutes for everything we needed her for, including water refills, the check, etc.  The food was good, as expected, but due to the service I would only come back if I wasn't really hungry and in a rush.
5	this was actually a very nice place to grab some sushi.We were seated right away. Server was very nice and attentive. the menu look satisfying. however I could only comment on the Cali-roll and the veggie roll, both probably the best I've had. I could couldn't try any of their sake, or other drinks, because I had forgotten my ID. (I look young for a 24 year old)the atmosphere was very active, and lively. I would certainly return for more sushi in the future.I don't know about price, because I didn't see the bill. lol I'm spoiled. sorry
5	I truly can't believe that Kabuki can have bad reviews.I have been coming to Kabuki for 3 years now and have never once had a bad experience. My husband and I live in Colorado now, and we miss Kabuki so much! No one can beat their sushi!We used to come here 2-3 per month. We always had excellent service and food was always perfect. Their prices are great in my opinion. We tried RA Sushi one time, got less sushi than we did at Kabuki, and paid almost twice as much. Their sushi was a lot smaller too. You get great portions here at Kabuki!Try the spicy tuna crunch and baja roll. It is to die for. So don't listen to these negative reviews. This place is magnificent! My husband and I actually wanted to open a franchise in Colorado, but they don't allow them :'(
1	Most of the sushi is good, but today I was very disappointed with the service and the food. Our waitress was very inattentive, but I left that slip because it was somewhat busy and she seemed to be the only one working the tables. But what really got me was that our lobster roll came out covered in massive amounts of mayo. I took a bite and my hubby took a bite and literally felt sick from the amount of mayo. The waitress never came back to ask us how our meal was and when she came back to clear the table she asked if we wanted a box. I explained that the roll was not edible, she said "yeah it does look like a lot of mayo." and took it away. She did not ask to replace it or discount our bill. When the bill came, we were charged for the roll. I decided to take that out of her tip.Bottom line, its a hit and miss with the service and the food.
4	I have been coming here for a long time now. I LOVE the atmosphere unlike other sushi restaurants that i have been to. I have liked everything i have ordered and ive never had any trouble or disliked something. its pretty good!
5	Most amazing place ever!!
3	The food was decent.  Happy hour prices were very good!The bar was very small and the batenders did their best to give good service.I highly recommend ladies check out the bathroom!  It might give you vertigo!The reason for only 3 stars: The hostess kept coming into the little area and SCREAMING out names on the waitlist.  She did it with such disgust.   I couldn't believe it!  SUPER RUDE!I gave feedback to the manager.  I certainly hope they correct that process.
3	Used to be a great place when Harry was bartending... happy hour changed and is no longer one of the best... the sushi portions are the only reason I even go anymore.
4	Although the service was kinda slow from the server, the chef's at the Sushi bar were very quick, and made the sushi rolls with care. They have a very nice selection of rolls, and everything tasted fresh and cleanI enjoyed everything I ate here, and the Chef's were very nice. They always greet you when you come in, and thank you when you leave. Each one of them.
2	Just got back from eating at Kabuki, which I was treated to by a friend.I ordered the soft shell crab appetizer; I love soft shell crab.  Their soft shell crab tasted like the smell of a wet dog, and I had to force myself to finish it.I ordered the dragon roll sushi, and it was a tasteless mush.  Oh, it looked cute, done in a little dragon form, but I can't ever remember being that underwhelmed by unagi before.I ordered the apple tart dessert, and again, it was a tasteless mush.  I could barely tell what I was eating.I was dining with others, and I tried some of their baked salmon and salmon sushi, and it was all just blah.  I can't ever recall eating sushi and Japanese cuisine that bland before.
1	My girlfriend and I went last night.  She was craving sushi and it was close to our apartment, so we said what the hell.  We have been going to Kabuki off and on for about 2 years, until now.  Never again.  We ordered a Teriyaki/Tempura platter with 2 rolls, a Spicy Tuna Crunch and Lobster Roll.  Both rolls tasted very 'fishy' which should never be the case.  Even my Beef Teriyaki lacked the punch I was looking for.  The beef was so bland.  The rolls were so loose, that it was almost impossible to eat the whole piece at one time.  It just fell apart.When the bill came, I wanted to just leave a $20 because that's about as much as I thought the meal was worth, but ofcourse, you just can't do that.  It's sad, because when I first moved out here, it seemed like Kabuki was pretty damn good.  Having lived most of my life in CA, I know I am spoiled when it comes to sushi.  But this place is just not good any more.Too bad, so sad.....
1	I've always loved the Kabuki in Tempe. I went here for the first time last night for a friend's birthday. The place is clean, nice and classy. However, while me and my friends were eating edamame, half way through I FOUND A MAGGOT STICKING OUT OF MY EDAMAME. I showed it to one of the waitresses who just kind of smiled and didn't even apologize. The manager came out and explained how they use organic edamame and that sometimes things like this happen. He offered us a complementary dessert which we turned down since we brought a cake for our friend's bday. He then offered to give me (not everybody else) a discount which I said yes to. When we all got our orders, none of us could  eat. My spicy tuna roll tasted like it came from a local grocery store (I was sure it wasn't just the maggot incident). The manager came back and gave me my sushi for free (My sushi was only $5.50.) He acted like he was doing me a favor. Our server didn't check on us or apologize for the maggot. She didn't really care for our table since she was going to get an automatic 18 % gratuity.Spend your money someplace else PLS. Go to the Kabuki in Tempe instead. I am never going back to this maggot infested place.
5	love the shrimp tempura and their  hot and yummy Teriyaki.They serve large portions and ambiance is great, good for a date or for groups. The restaurant is always clean, might be slow to get the food or be seated but overall it is a regular for my husband and I. They keep their temp's really cool especially for these hot summer 100 degree days! Mostly busiest  in weekends and evening, great at lunch time.Full bar too!
3	Went here on a Saturday night. It was busy but we only waited about 15 min. The decor is average. A big negative for me are the tv's. I think only sports bars or perhaps brew houses should bother with tv's. To me a Japanese Restaurant should focus more on food and ambiance vs what game is on. That being said our server was good although busy. He did refill my water for me though which gets stars in my book. Although we eat sushi with chopsticks, it's a little difficult to eat a fish fillet with them. So when one of the food runners brought our Mediterranean sea bass fillet, and no silverware, we kind of waited a while and ended up having to dig into it with the chopsticks. The above fish dish we ordered was very good. Fish was cooked nicely and seasoned well. It came with a lovely salsa that was delicious even by itself! Although I love asparagus, those that came with  the dish were tough. The pickled veggie appetizer had some good bites, but some of the vegetables seamed over-seasoned as if they absorbed too much soy sauce. We absolutely loved our sashimi platter which was fresh and beautifully presented. Prices seem pretty reasonalbe.
4	after a disappointing attempt years ago at the tempe location, i was skeptical to eat here again. however, there are only chains in the area, and this was our only option for a fish heavy menu. we waited about 15 minutes and were seated. the food was very good. we had a sashimi plate and mediterranean sea bass. however, we had to hunt down silverware as it is difficult for us to eat sea bass with chop sticks. the fish was well cooked and came with a tasty salsa on the side. the asparagus was grilled and salted tastily. we also ordered the pickled vegetables but i wasn't impressed with that dish...the veggies were too rubbery. service was prompt and friendly and our water glasses were filled regularly. i will say i have to agree with my wife on the TV opinion....restaurants should be for eating, not for having TV's. there's nothing that says you don't enjoy your wifes company than taking her out to a place with TV's everywhere (unless it's a sports bar).... "i'm not interested in your company, so i'll watch the Big Game while we eat".prices are a little high for their dishes, but oh well....
5	We almost did not go because the the bad reviews.  However, I mentioned that I had been thinking of going to this place to my cousin and he said, he went and LOVED IT. I think more people yelp when they have a bad experience then when they have a good one which skews the numbers.  Therefore, I decided to take the time to write a positive review!!!So we decided to try this restaurant on opening night of the 2013 Coyotes hockey season. It was great, everything was fresh and tasty.  The prices were even reasonable.  The sashimi salad was so good and had more sashimi than most sashimi plates that cost twice as much.   The scallop appetizer was also great as it has sauce similar to the egg yolk sauce you get at Japanese steak houses.  I also had a rainbow roll which was outstanding.
2	I heard this restaurant was great and the proximity to our hotel made it an easy choice.  The only aspect of this restaurant that warrants 5 stars was our perfectly ADORABLE server.  She was incredibly helpful and just so damned cute! Other than that, the food was not very good.  I wish I would have read the review about the maggot before I ate there.... now I'm wondering! Eeew.  We ordered a variety of entrees and appetizers as one of us was a carnivore who hates anything from the sea, one a carnivore who loves seafood and one a vegan.  So unimpressed with everything.  As a fellow yelper mentioned, tracking down silverware was a bit of a feat.  But did I mention our server?  Oh so cute.  If I remembered her name, I would totally give her props.
5	Decent sushi, reasonable beer prices, decent happy hour, and large portions for a sushi bar in a popular-locale.  I would recommend the place.
5	My husband and I will NOT eat sushi anywhere else (sorry) because not only is this facility clean and the staff id friendly, but you know that the sea food is fresh and made of great quality. I just love to enjoy a drink or dinner here with my family. Always a great experience.
5	Best sushi I have ever had!! Lotus, bscr, and  spicy tuna roll were fantastic! Great service and a good atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone.
4	The sushi is absolutely fantastic. Some of the top choices: smoked philly, vegas and baked dynamite. VERY fresh and full of flavor. Sake bombers were ON POINT. Kirin beer bottles are HUGE and the sake is served hot (I can't stand cold sake).The service, however, made them lose a star. We really didn't know who our server was because not one particular person checked on us. Granted, the place was slammed and I'm sure they were running around like headless chickens... but still. It's not acceptable when the chefs are more attentive than the wait staff. I'll be returning but I'll sit at the bar next time.
2	Waited 1.25 hours just to be seated, this was 30 minutes longer than we were told. All the food for our party was delivered separately. The waitress delivered extra food after all of our food arrived. She had no idea what we ordered. When the check was paid with cash she didn't return the change. Just assumed it was a tip. The food was hit or miss. The Yakisoba had ginger which overpowered the palate. The Philly roll was bland with too much rice. The Alaskan roll was delicious.
4	Enjoyable food and experienceMight have skipped this restaurant had a friend not really wanted to try it.  Glad he did.Probably the freshest sushi I've had in Phoenix so far.  I'm a sushi snob and loathe anything even remotely stale.  This place had its game going with good ingredients, tight sushi rolling skills, and even some subtle flavors.  Not in the same league as Japan, Taiwan, Hawai'i, or Portland, but superior for the desert.Service was good.  Somewhat long waits and drinks go empty for a tad, but not egregious.  Plates came out with good timing and together. Check also came quickly.  Gal who served us was nice and got the order right.Am a fan of the Westgate are and this spot has a good thing going.  Average value.  Hope they can tighten their ship and earn good Yelp reviews on a consistent basis.
4	Excellent FRESH sushi! The best in Glendale/Phoenix yet! Service was good but restaurant VERY crowded...guess that's good thing though. Will definitely go back soon.
5	Happy hour is the bomb (3-6) very good food & staff were awesome.
2	The regular food at this restaurant is fantastic but their sushi is inedible. I've tried different rolls at different times. It's just not good. Calamari is excellent though and the service is always good.
4	Went with a group (6 adults) of friends and my 3 year old.  While I don't eat fish I hoped they had something I would enjoy.  Their menu was awesome.  They had beef, chicken, pork, vegan and vegetarian meals so there was something for everyone.  My daughter got the sesame chicken kids meal and i got the steak teriyaki (everyone else pretty much got raw fish!!!).  the food came out and everyone was happy, my steak was amazing and cooked rare, just like I ordered.  My 3 year old's chicken was amazing, and the portion (for $6) was enough for an adult!  We did a check-in and all got free soup too, so check foursquare to see what they have.  Overall it was a good time, the waitress was on top of our table with food, drinks, and refills even though she had orders to take care of.  I can't speak for the shahimi or sushi, but everyone seemed to be happy with the variety and quality of what they were bringing out.
2	Not my kind of place. The food is wayyy too weird and taste even weirder. I sat at the bar. I had already told the female bartender that I don't drink. What does that fool do? She serves / gives me a drink! WTH? Are you kidding me? I just told you I don't drink. I think she was trying to get me to loosen up but I was fine until she did that - that pissed me off. I was polite to the little girl who should have known better. I left early only cuz I was not feeling this place, I preferred other sushi places. I most likely will never be back.
3	Go during happy hour for cheap, decent sushi.  I got salmon nigiri and a spicy tuna crunch roll for around $10!
5	Love the sushi here and they have a pretty good happy hour. I have to say its the number one place I go to at Westgate.
3	I wanted to go here for the longest time, that being said I was disappointed. I have had better sushi  drinks and food at other places. The best thing I liked here was the salad. We paid 70 for two people, at those prices I could of gone to bennihanna, the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the location and the salad
3	It's a good thing that Kabuki has a fun, relaxed atmosphere, because the food is nothing to shout about and the service is a weird combination of hectic yet slow.To be fair, Japanese food in Arizona is a dicey proposition at best, especially after years in Seattle have spoiled me forever for good Asian food. And at least the layout and feel of Kabuki is open and welcoming, allowing for both big groups and a small, more intimate setting. The free edamame before the meal is a nice touch (I enjoyed it) but not for everyone.Some would say that a good Japanese restaurant is made or broken on its sushi, and if that were true then Kabuki comes in with a resounding "meh." The portions are nice and big but the sushi itself fails to thrill. For my money, though, it's the Katsu that's the mark of a great Japanese place, and once again Kabuki just doesn't impress. Their Tonkatsu (breaded and fried pork) is bland and unremarkable, with a katsu sauce that tastes a little too much like fancy ketchup.We had a big group, but the service was much slower than it needed to be, yet the servers seemed to be running around pretty frantically the whole time, often forgetting which dish went with which person, and even better, occasionally forgot what they were carrying.Kabuki has the feel of a new restaurant still trying to figure out what it's doing. Given some time and refinement of their menu, it has the potential to be that rare thing - a good Japanese restaurant in the desert. Until then, it's only average.
4	Hmm. The reviews seem to be all over place. My experience was very good. We arrived around 7pm. The place was really busy. We had to wait a bit for a table, but nothing out of the ordinary.We decided to eat family style. We had a few different kinds of nigiri - albacore, salmon, spanish mackeral, etc... All were well portioned and tasted fresh. We completed the meal with a Lotus on Fire Roll and Hamachi Box Roll. The sauces that came with both of these rolls was excellent. A mix of sweet and spicy.Overall, I really enjoyed it and I would return. Service was fast and friendly as well. - Chris
4	Went here for dinner before a concert.  Good service, yummy sushi.  They also gave us a free Cali roll for checking in on Yelp :)Taking it down one star because you can't make a reservation on an event night... would have been nice!  Also, they needed to turn the AC up and the temp down!  It was so hot in there... gotta make adjustments with the AZ heat, Kabuki!  Other than that, great experience!
4	I absolutely love kabuki! And I've always had such great service until just the other day I had a young waitress named Nikki, and I hate to say she was terrible! She never came to check on us more than twice for the whole hour and a half we were there. A completely different server brought us out food and helped us way more than the girl. When my friend asked for a refill after waiting 10 mintues this Nikki girl looked at her like you expect me to get you a refill. And when we asked for our check it took longer than necessary and while we waited we watched her stand behind the sushi bar talking with the chef and another waitress for at least five minutes while we were staring at her! I've never made a bad complaint about kabuki but this was by far the worst service be ever had here.
5	This place has become a regular date night spot for me and my husband.  It has some of the best sushi I have ever tasted, by far my favorite dining location in Westgate.  For lunch and dinner they have a variety of sushi options cooked and uncooked along with a delicious selection of entrees and appetizers.If you like lobster the Lotus Roll is a must try!
4	Cool spot, nice decor, clean and good food. The service was good, things did take awhile to get, but it was not a big deal. The thing that is lacking is the selection of beer. They had 3: Miller Light, Kilt Lifter and Sapporo (Japanese Beer). I guess I can't really complain about the beer since it's a Japanese restaurant, but it still was disappointing. Overall it was a good time, I can see this place being a big date spot.
1	Went there for an out of state work function and the staff was pretty rude.  Our waitress, "Kim" was so rude I almost backhanded her.  The co-worker next to me asked for more water and this waitress just stared at her for 5 seconds and then quickly grabbed her glass and then slammed it down and walked away.  When the waitress came back to take our order she was really short and very snotty.  Her tone of voice was patronizing and she made it seem that we were out of line for asking questions about the menu.  A bunch of us wanted to approach management and complain but didn't think it was worth it.  I really could not believe how snotty this waitress was.  If you go, you will enjoy the food but avoid that waitress if you can.
3	I enjoy their happy hour tons but hardly ever eat her for a regular meal because of their frequent dining club card offers are just a joke. They used to do awesome things for birthdays and anniversaries but now it seems like the Red Mask card is a huge joke. Stick to the sushi and the sake bombs and you will be fine.
5	I'm visiting a friend in AZ and was craving Sushi. We placed a take out order and let's just say its one of the best Sushi places I've ever had!
5	Kim is an amazing waitress. She is professional and the pinnacle of kindness. She knows her job so well and is a master of her craft.
3	Having eaten Japanese food in Japan, Seattle, Little Tokyo I know I had to lower my expectations about eating here. Service is nice but the food is just ok.
2	Service was ok, but the food isn't anything close to the quality of sushi I am used to in California. Can't expect much in the desert I guess. The fish has a fishy taste suggesting it's not super fresh
5	Went in last night for dinner with my family. There were 5 of us and we ordered a variety of appetizers, sushi, and entrees. Everyone loved the food and even with some picky eaters, we were all happy. I had only been to Kabuki once before, but I will definitely be going back.
4	Happy hour is awesome. The sushi is really good. The service has always been great. The specialty rolls are worth the price. Celebrating my babe's bday today and we picked the right place. The ambiance is lively  lots of fun.
5	My roommate and I were at Westgate, and jonesing for some sushi. I had been to Kabuki a couple of times before and enjoyed it, so we went on up!We sat at the sushi bar, our favorite place to sit when we go out for sushi. There's just something about having a front row seat and seeing your food being prepared in such a meticulous way. Our sushi chef was fun and friendly. He gave us our rolls in carefully measured increments, so that we weren't overwhelmed with plates and food. I appreciated that! The food was delicious, I would highly recommend the AAA box sushi roll. It was a great combination of flavors. So tasty!One of the better restaurants in Westgate, hands down.
1	Went here about 1pm on Sunday not very crowded and seated immediately. Menus and drinks followed. Service remained good throughout our visit. That's where the good stopped. The food?....well, let me just say this; "Don't waste your money!" Quality and quantity suffers greatly here. Nothing remotely Japanese at Kabuki only the name! Still hungry when we left and $35 lighter. No drink order either. The cooks here need to go to Japan to see how Japanese food is really crafted! I dislike having that feeling I just got ripped off. Dam!!!
3	This place is FAR better than their Tempe Marketplace location. If you are looking to visit a kabuki location, make sure you go to westgate and NOT Tempe!
4	Excellent ambience, good sushi. Great place to bring a date.
5	My fav spot for sushi. I'm a regular and tried just about everything. Very good food, and drinks are decent as well. Recommend the spicy tuna and philly roll.
2	Went to Kabuki for lunch with my boyfriend and left very disappointed. We mostly enjoyed the food, but the service was atrocious. Our server, Kim, was very rude and short with us for no reason. When asked any questions regarding the menu, she responded in an uncomfortably rude way. She brought my sushi before our appetizer and there was a long wait to get the appetizer and my boyfriends food. When clearing some of our plates, she took my glass of water without saying a word and walked away. She shortly returned with it refilled, but i was initially confused due to her lack of any kind of communication. Kim was the entire reason we had such a poor experience. It's a shame because the rest of the staff seemed quite pleasant.
4	I know the sushi isn't super high end or spectacular...but every time I go here I feel so satisfied! It's got so many options, it's delicious and the waiters are really friendly. They pick really good staff who are always willing to answer my questions. Maybe it's just that the patio waiters are good....the one time I sat inside the server was a little impatient. I will definitely sit on the patio from now on! The view is great and it feels relaxing outside. Get the green tea ice cream- the best dessert ever!!
3	This place was just okay.  We had the omacase platter, a California roll and an eel roll.   Use the check in offer--free cali roll--which is a great deal!  The sushi was kina warm which made us a little nervous.  The server just set the food down on the table---we had to flag our server down to tell us what was what on the omacase.  Did not check on us for drink refills.  I would go back and give this place a second try to see if service is better.
1	Over priced, ramen is horrible, rude waitress and waiters. Pretty sure I got FOOD POISIONING again. Wasnt sure the first time because I felt sick after. Went again and for sure the same vomit sensation after eating there again. I do not eat any raw food either. I only ate things with out raw. Probably cross contamination with veggies in the back unsanitary or the sushi preps dont care. I had the seaweed salad so it might be that. Feeling so sick. Stomach cramping, cant sleep and its now 5am about. Not eating here again. Very dissapointed because I wanted to order a veggie sushi platter but now wont be. Ill be making it at home instead where I wont get food poisiong. NOTFUN!
4	I see mixed reviews here so let me say that on some days the sushi is badass awesome and on other days, it sucks.  I come here often during the happy hour for their specials.  I do notice the weekend night sushi is often way better than the happy hour.  I would give it 5 stars if the food was consistently good.  Service is almost always awesome.  Very friendly and fun.
4	On a whim, my friend and I went to Kabuki for an early dinner. We were seated right away (by the door) and our server, Ly, promptly took our drink orders before bringing us complimentary edamame.As a vegan, I appreciated the vegetarian/vegan menu. There were several options for me but I ended up getting inari and a bowl of veggie ramen. Both were awesome.My friend, not a vegan, ordered sesame chicken and some sort of quesadilla appetizer (???). As far as I know, she enjoyed both dishes.Again, I'm a vegan so I can't comment on the actual sushi but we had a great meal, excellent service and the prices were very reasonable (yay happy hour!).
4	A really classy and fun experience here.Sushi is great and they have a wonderful array of options to choose from. The Dragon or the Rainbow are always a hit. The seaweed salad is a popular option here. They also have a decent vegetarian menu. Service has been really wonderful here.
2	This place was not worth it to me. Food was adequate and the only thing it had going for it was the atmosphere. The architecture of the place was nice but, the service was lacking. I waited 10 minutes for water and well, lemon... we didn't get that until the end of the meal.  The price was reasonable so I guess bad service could be expected.
4	Been here a few times I always get the Alaskan roll and a Philadelphia roll my most favorite, as for the Ramen Noodles I wasn't to happy about them I felt they could of used more flavor and as for the environment and staff is very pleasant and the place is very well kept
5	They have great sushi and food. Service is always attentive and friendly. It can get very crowded at night and weekends. The happy hour and late night happy hour deals are super awesome too!
4	Went here for a date night with my hubby a few days ago and was surprised at the cost, the reverse happy hour menu was awesome. We had gone shopping and wanted to grab something before going to the movies so we stopped in. Now the customer service was a bit "meh" not bad not horrible. We did have to ask for the check to leave 2 times tho. We got 5 rolls, California, eel, Vegas, dynamite and avocado and also some garlic edamame, I also got a sprite to drink, all the food and sushi was great and fresh, the bill for all of that(we didn't finish it was too much!) it was under 40 bucks. I was surprised!! We spent almost the same amount just at Applebee's. Overall, great sushi and awesome reverse happy hour, service could use some tlc but I will go back.
4	Solid Japanese/Sushi joint. Large menu with many different rolls offered. Sashimi pieces looked and tasted fresh, chicken yakitori was also flavorful and tender. Can get pretty pricey pretty quick depending on your appetite though.
5	Great dining experience, solid food, great service!We went on a non-game night and found the food to be reasonably priced, and delicious.  Very much a fan of Kabuki!  My sons both enjoyed their orders and my oldest son really enjoyed the Dragon sushi roll.I am certain we will be back!
5	Wow what a great experience we had at Kabuki last night! Joe was our server and he was wonderful. He gave great recommendations to us first-timers and even had fun with our littlest guy! Oldest son had dragon roll and the eel was so fresh tasting with just the right amount of sauce. A very generous portion with 8 slices so it had enough for a meal or enough to share if you wanted!Husband had the  beef teriyaki which was a very generous portion served with soup, salad, and rice. I had the chicken sukiyaki which was HUGE. I didn't necessarily care for the texture of the cellophane noodles but the rest of the soup was delicious. My littlest boy had the roku which was basically beef teriyaki over ramen noodles with a salad. It was really very good.I also had the calpico soda which I'd not had before. It was made with milk, soda water, and peach kiwi juice. It was terrific! Our experience at Kabuki would not have been better and I can't wait to go again very soon!
5	I'm visiting from California and this was my first time here and it was wonderful. My nephew had never tried sushi but was willing so we stopped in here before hitting the movie theater. He loved everything, even the tuna. And I wish I could marry the salmon skin roll! We ate three between us. Fast, friendly service. I will definitely east here again when I'm back in town, and my nephew is making plans become a regular.
1	I went here on a date and ended up with food poisoning that was so bad I was curled up in a ball literally shaking for days.First let me say my date and I went here and the place was packed and busy but we were lucky enough to get right on in.  The staff was really friendly and the place appeared to be really clean and kind of cool and chic looking too.  We both ordered mixed drinks off the menu, something special to their resturant with a cutie name but instantly we both had to return ours as they were disgusting.  We weren't charged for the drinks thankfully and we ended up going with water.We ordered food which I have to admit it did taste amazing and my date and I sat in the restaurant talking away for well over an hour until suddenly I had to leave.  That quickly I became nauseated and started throwing up uncontrollably.I know food poisoning can take hours to days to kick in but I knew it was this place specifically that did it because my date and I were sharing food and we both just happened to end up with food poisoning and neither of us ate at any of the same places except for this one place.I'm not sure if it was cross contamination from not cleaning a surface in the kitchen well enough, from a workers dirty hands, or what it could have been.  But I do know that neither I nor my date have ever returned here.
5	Large rolls and a great happy hour. Awesome patio for a date night or girls night out. I love how their happy hour has specialty rolls. The rose roll is my favorite. Large menu with lots of other options if you don't love sushi.
4	Been here TONS of times. Always solid. Everything always tastes fresh to me. I could fill up on their jumbo scallop nigiri and call it a day. It literally melts in your mouth :)   They have an extensive Japanese food menu and LOTS of specialty rolls and 4 pages of appetizers! Don't miss these because there are some gems on there like the firecracker. The decor is very cool (don't miss the bathrooms) and they have outdoor seating which is really nice when it's not too hot. If you haven't tried it, you should. Especially if you can hit happy hour during the week!
5	I ate at this location for the first time and I LOVED it!  We ate at the sushi bar.  They will customize your sushi.We had chicken udon- $10 very good and portion was huge!  Albacore sushi $12.95- Excellent choice!  Very good sushi.Spicy tuna roll was very good.. About $10.For my drinkers-  wine and the sakarita was yummy.  My only advice there is to come early because the weekend line is crazy (but worth it).  ;)
1	My whole family, my friends, and myself are pretty frequent customers of this location. Every time we have come in the past we really enjoy it and get pretty good service. Today I took my mother and my younger sister to lunch during happy hour. We ordered two cuts of sushi which were phenomenal as always (my favorite sushi chef is Peter and is the only employee I gave a tip to today). After this we also ordered a Kabuki Deluxe plate and a Chicken Teriyaki and Tempura plate. First of all, we waited probably 20-30 minutes AFTER we had already finished our two orders of sushi for our main plates (Chicken Teriyaki and Kabuki Deluxe). We asked our waiter if our plates were coming out soon and he said that they would be coming out shortly because there was a new trainee chef and that they had messed up the Kabuki Deluxe the first time that it was being made. When the two plates finally came out, the chicken teriyaki was VERY RAW (I did eat one piece that didn't look raw before figuring out that the meat was raw). I ended up not eating any of the chicken teriyaki. The tempura that came with this plate also only had ONE shrimp tempura, the rest was just vegetables. On my younger sister's Kabuki Deluxe, the Teriyaki Chicken was ALSO raw and her beef tips were not raw, but definitely not fully cooked (she also ate some of the beef tips). Her side of tempura that came with her meal also only had one shrimp tempura with the rest being vegetables. Both my younger sister and I do not feel good after our visit and had to visit Urgent Care where we were told to wait 12 hours for any signs of food poisoning. We had some employees approach us about the meal and apologize, but their tone was not very urgent and very robotic-like (not very sincere). They took care of our meal and had us fill out a food-borne illness report to check up on us probably later tonight. We were NOT approached by the main manager, we were only communicated with through other "higher up employees" which I found was really strange. A meal that was supposed to be enjoyable for my sister, my mother, and I did not turn our that way. My mother left very unhappy and only ended up eating a couple of rolls of sushi from the beginning of our meal and ended up losing her appetite after the experience. Although the meal was taken care of my mother and I were a little surprised that a free meal or something complementary wasn't offered to us so that we would have an incentive to come back and try the food again (hopefully better the next time around). We are very surprised to be writing a bad review about a restaurant that we go to so frequently, but RAW meat is a very serious matter and needs to be notified at a high urgency. Thank you for your attention.
4	i wouldn't say this is the best sushi i've had or anything but i did enjoy my meal and i would go back.our server was very nice but didn't offer us a second beer and forgot one of the apps we ordered. we were about finished eating when we finished our beers though, and i was too full to even eat the other app had it come out, so it turned out all right.upon sitting, we got a small plate of edemame. any place that serves it without me having to ask or pay extra is ok in my book. although it was cold, which i thought was a little unusual. still not bad though.i got 2 of the specialty rolls on happy hour special: vegas and alaska. i liked the crispy one better, although i can't remember which one that was. the other one came with salmon on top which was the best part of that one. although both were good. my friend ordered shrimp tempera roll, also off the happy hour menu, and sesame chicken.we both enjoyed our meals and the price was reasonable, at least with the happy hour discounts. i think next time i'd like to try sitting at the sushi bar for that experience.
2	I enjoyed the food very much but the service needs a little bit of work in my opinion. Upon being sat it took us multiple times of asking people to get a waiter so that we could order drinks and food. The food was good but when service is slow it is going to lower my score for the place. There was a dish that was forgot and the waiter failed to ask if we wanted to order more beer. The other issue I had was we went during happy hour and had a menu with certain prices and after we tallied everything up our bill came and was a bit higher with some items having the regular price not the happy hour prices. Brought this to everyone's attention that we could but ultimately nothing got changed so we paid our tab and left to go enjoy some cocktails elsewhere. The food itself would get this place at least a 3 1/2-4 stars, wouldn't say their food is 5 star worthy but the service definitely brings down the score.
4	Sushi is decent. Usually get the boat for its variety and value. Staff is friendly and service is rather quick. When I don't want to take a risk with a place to eat I can easily come here and be satisfied. Place can get kinda busy when there's a game going on.
4	I love this place! You can get really delicious sashimi for a reasonable price. The Tokyo mojito I tried was pretty good. I even brought my kiddos here, granted they love sushi, but they ate oyakodon and loved it too.
5	I came here with a date on a Saturday night. It was 10-15 minutes for a table so we sat at the Sushi Bar. My first time here and I loved it! My only regret is that I did not review the entire menu as there was so many delicious options to choose from. We were in the mood for Sushi rolls and we ordered accordingly. We shared the Lotus on Fire Roll (not as hot I thought would be) the Spider Roll and the King Crab Cucumber Wraps. The Lotus and the Spider Roll were absolutely some of the freshest sushi I've ever had. The cucumber wrap which my date ordered was so-so! She was having problems with her stomach and thought it would help but it didn't! But I tried and although fresh, it was nothing of note! Service was good! The servers that served the sushi bar also served in the dining areas of the restaurant. So if you needed something you had to flag your server down as he was passing to pick up cocktail orders from the service bar. Not a problem as he came by quite frequently! Check out the bathrooms, very cool and even better after you had dinner, go out and see the beautful fountains in the courtyard below! Not on the same level of Times Square in New York or the Bellagio in Las Vegas, but its just a cool place to hangout and chill after a pleasant evening of sushi at Kabuki! I will be back and this time to try other menu options!
3	It's Monday night, I just got off work, I was kidnapped, and I was forced to join the little lady for Reverse Happy Hour at Kabuki.  You know it's a terrible Monday when I'm okay with being dragged to a chain sushi restaurant and I don't make a single snarky remark about how their menu is littered riddled with the usage of Papyrus.  I mean, Papyrus!  Who the heck designed their menus?  Must be someone from Collins College [This sentence is for Linh L.].Although I shiver at the thought of dining at chain sushi restaurants [I think my hatred stems with RA], I actually had a decent time at this Kabuki [Tempe Marketplace's Kabuki = no].  Our waiter was prompt and attentive, only disappearing for short-bursts of time when our food was in front of us.  We shared a small seaweed salad, a Vegas roll, an Alaska roll, a Shrimp Tempura roll, and we each had a Tokyo Mojito.  Our bill came out to be $40-something which isn't bad considering we were both full off our rolls and that deliciously refreshing mojito.  We probably could've done without one of the rolls but our eyes were hungrier than our stomachs.  Happy Hour, huzzah!The highlight of the night was watching some lady two tables away from us take her first bite of raw fish for the first time ever.  She promptly spit it up into her glass of water.  All that soy sauce and wasabi transformed her glass of water into L.A. Water.  I could go for another cocktail!I'll be back only for Happy Hour and a mojito.
1	Although I love their sushi finding a maggot on the  edamame was absolutely disgusting. Never returning! To make matters worst he tried excusing this saying it was normal because it is organic and natural. Hmmm no!
2	Perhaps it was the seriousness of the night and the topic the little lady presented me but I didn't have as an enjoyable time as I did last week.  No details, just quick notes mainly for myself:- Skip the Sauteed Mushrooms.  It's literally just white onions and mushrooms being sauteed in sesame oil and sesame seeds.  I could do this at home!- The Poke Tuna portion is ridiculously small.- No oysters until October.  Upon questioning why this is, no answer was given.  Boo.- Spider Roll:  Falls apart but not bad.  It's kinda of like trying to pick up tapioca with your chopsticks.  - Dragon Roll:  Too much unagi sauce, slightly small.- 10:15PM is when they turn on the lights and try to blind you out.  On the way out, you can watch the waiter counting their tips gleefully.  This made me laugh.- The mango Chu-Hi is really tasty though... even better than the Tokyo Mojito.  Cheers.$60 bill and only the cocktail was enjoyable.
3	Being next to the stadium in a high profile area, my expectations were pretty high. We had started out with the spicy tuna salad. It was spicy, but quite bland. I had the shrimp tempura roll. It wasn't bad, but not outstanding. I had also tried a bit of one of the lobster rolls. It was very creamy. As far as the service and atmosphere were concerned, it was excellent. However, I can honestly say that I've had better when it comes to the sushi. Perhaps it was because we went on a Monday night. I have nothing terrible to say about the place but I will probably not be back. Anyone who gives this place 5 stars has never had really good sushi in their lives.
4	Kabuki has been a pleasant surprise! Located close to the cardinals stadium and an outlet mall, the restaurant is in a nice designed new complex. The ambient is nice and the waitresses are mindful.The food itself has been good and relatively fresh. I have been there twice where the regular menu has definitely been better in quality than the HH menu until 6 PM. Both has been pleasantly acceptable considering the location -would definitely come back!
4	For a busy night and a crowd from the job in arena we got seated very quickly. Our server was very attentive and brought us our drinks. We ordered the firecracker tuna appetizer (half off) and it's definitely one of my favorite things on the menu, our waiter also brought us out some edemame and I ordered a sake bomb which was reasonably priced. I ordered the geisha roll which was very refreshing.. it has tuna, salmon, krab(which isn't bad, people stop complaining..it's at every sushi joint),cucumber and Japanese mint!! My friend ordered the Vegas roll. I didn't try it, but every Vegas roll is good. Our waiter split the check and brought us the bill in a timely fashion. Overall, I will be coming back. They have a lot of Japanese snacks and foods that I enjoy!
3	The salmon sushi is quite good. The service was acceptable, if a tad slow. The seafood hibachi entree was a disappointment. Overcooked crab and shrimp, flabby clam, but tasty scallops.
5	Great selection. Interesting sushi great service. Oysters were tiny but delicious and sushi was fresh. Something here for everyone.
4	I have been to Kabuki several times while shopping at the Outlet Mall across the street. This past weekend, I took my husband and 8-year old grandson there for lunch.  It was my grandson's first time at a Japanese restaurant, and he enjoyed it very much. But then again, what kid doesn't like teriyaki chicken?  Kabuki offers a kids menu.  My grandson is a big eater so we normally don't order off kids menu for him, but not knowing if he would like the food, we didn't want to order off the regular menu.  No problem!  The portion was definitely not kiddy size...large enough for an adult.  We ordered the calamari appetizer, which was good and not too chewey.  It comes with two dipping sauces (wasabi mayo and spicey teriyaki).  I don't care for spicey, but the spicey teriyaki was not spicey at all.  Hubby had a variety of sushi (no complaints from him), and I had the teriyaki salmon.  Anyone who knows me know that I like good food and a lot of it!  The lunch menu did not skimp.  In fact, it seemed larger than the last time I came here.  Wish there were a Kabuki closer to home!
4	Good time.
5	One of my top sushi spots. Fresh fresh fresh sushi, amazing sushi rolls, and the sake sangria is to die for.
5	The only thing that was less than perfect in the sushi is their choice of chopsticks which are little bit on the cheaper side,  other than that the service is outstanding the food is amazing, flawless. Their sushi is one of the freshest to sushi's I have tried in Arizona and you can say we have been around the block when it comes to sushi. We went as a group of eight and we were all very impressed with their drinks were great I personally love the lychee martini my husband Loved the mai tai. Very nice ambience and live there the core especially the red sofa!
5	There's a reason this place is always completely packed. My bf and I have considered Kabuki our favorite AZ restaurant since we moved here.For the 1st-Timer: -salmon sushi w/ ponzu (NOT soy sauce) -albacore crunch roll (garlic chips, red onion, ponzu broth)-lotus roll (cali roll topped w/ hot lobster, eel sauce, tobiko)-lychee martini And then once you've experienced those your 1st time, you can move to other parts of the menu including the spicy miso ramen, cha shu ramen, sunkissed roll, oyster shooters, and spicy seafood udon.
5	Great food! Great atmosphere! Good price! It was my first time trying japonese food, and I absolutely loved it!
2	We were visiting from Ohio and a friend wanted to meet here for lunch. The food is Gross! Awful house salad and cheap ginger dressing. Sushi was bland the hibachi rice was tasteless. Will not be back-2 stars for good company
4	I've always enjoyed the sushi here. pricing is a little expensive, considering their are other places in the valley with similar quality for a bit cheaper. the happy hour menu is great though! staff is always courteous and attentive. the ambience itself is a little too pretentious. the only thing missing is traditional east asia music playing while you eat.
5	I came here last week and the food was AMAZING!!! Justin, the manager, welcomed my fiance and I and sat us immediately next to my favorite sushi chef Nick.  (He makes the best spicy octopus roll!) So delicious!!! My server, this time, was Jeni and she was THE BEST!!!! She was so friendly and cordial. She recommended the lobster dynamite and it was to die for. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some quality sushi in AZ.
5	Amazing sushi and good service. I always bring my friends here visiting from out of town and they love it just as much as I do!
5	This place got me to like sushi! Their specialty rolls are INSANE, you can sit down at a table or order at the sushi bar. Two words: spicy tuna..... it's sooo good! Best part of Westgate by far.
5	I adore this place. A bit pricey for me, so I'm not able to go often, but some of the best sushi I've ever had. Service is always good, but sometimes a little slow as they're almost always busy. Have never had anything that tasted bad, and all the ingredients taste extremely fresh. I would recommend to anyone.
5	I have been a customer here for about 5+ years. My boyfriend and I usually go and get the usual every time! We usually go during happy hours and we are both Red Mask Club members. They're prices are good for the portions and quality of the food! We are sushi lovers and used to go get kabuki every 2-3 weeks but it would put a hole in our wallets and we eventually cut it down to going once a month. We always order the shrimp tempura rolls, tebasaki karage (chicken wings), sometimes the quesadilla, half broiled mussel shells, sometimes Rainbow or Philadelphia roll, and their spicy seafood udon pasta is delicious too! I love their sushi here and we always get excellent service no matter where we are seated. I will definitely keep returning! Keep up the excellent customer service guys & gals! Now I'm craving sushi again. :)
2	I just finished eating here. Wish I had the last 2 hours of my life back. The food just wasn't good. Atmosphere was pretty good, but the food was not.
2	When it comes to sushi, I have definitely had better. A group of friends and I came here on our lunch break. We work in one of the Glendale arenas, so it was a walking-distance option for lunch. For the lunch crowd, Kabuki is extremely deserted. As are most other places at this time in Westgate. Despite the lack of a crowd, we were only allowed to sit at the sushi bar, which was a little awkward for a group of 6, considering you have to yell across the bar to withhold conversation... Anyhow, I'm not going to make this a novel of any sorts. I ordered one of their lunch specials, which was advertised to come with 6 nigiri pieces of sushi, a california roll, and a soup or salad. I asked my waitress if I could sub out the shrimp nigiri for salmon, and she said yes but for a dollar upcharge. I agreed... For $14.99, the portion could have been MUCH more generous. The California roll was small and came with 6 1-inch diameter rolls that were haphazardly put together. The nigiri was okay, but the tuna definitely was not the freshest it could have been. My miso soup that I ordered with the meal was good, but seemed to be overpowered with tofu chunks (about half of the soup was tofu). I also ordered a side of steamed rice, which was advertised at a dollar, but the waitress rang it in as sushi rice which was a dollar expensive and not what I ordered. Needless to say, I left hungry. The quality of the sushi is alright at best. The portion size compared to price is laughable. Compared to other places I know that have similar lunch specials, I was disappointed to say the least. I really wanted to like Kabuki, but sadly, I do not.
5	The food was great and our server Po was awesome! We had a group of 7 people and tried quite a few menu items. We really liked the Paradise Roll and the Soy Ramen. We highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Love this place. The location and the sushi is top notch. It's our favorite. I highly recommend it.  The reverse happy hour is the best and it keeps your bill lower.
5	Always good food and service. The manager Micah will definitely make sure everything is right and will take of you! Even when its busy she would take your order tp make sure you have a great experience. Will definitely be going here more often!!
4	I've tried several sushi establishments since moving to Arizona back in May 2014. There was a perfect place up in Washington that we absolutely love and it's set the bar pretty high.Kabuki is fantastic, especially in comparison to other places I've been to. They put their own spin on sushi rolls and the flavors compliment each other. Their portion sizes are just right. Our waiter was courteous and our service was quick. We went for happy hour, so we got three rolls, some hibachi rice and tempura for $25.The only reason I don't give it five stars is thanks to our favorite sushi place in Washington. It doesn't quite meet those expectations :)
4	Great sushi! I was in town for Fiesta Bowl and stopped by for lunch. Service was excellent. Sushi presentation was beautiful and the quality was first rate. Nice selection and choices.
5	The sushi here is great but the best part was being taken care of by the wait staff. Micah the manager is one of the best. She is one of the main reasons why I keep coming back to kabuki's. Friendly face always with a smile & an attitude you can't help but like. Wonderful place
2	This was probably the worst service I've ever experienced. The sushi was exceptionally overpriced for the 6 pieces you recieved, and none of it tasted fresh. I know that sushi is meant to be served at room temperature but I'm used to the cool crunch of the cucumbers and other vegetables which neither of my rolls had. The waiter never came back after serving our sushi and we were stuck with another waitress who barely spoke two words with us. We were only brought drinks once, then after waiting 20 minutes for our check after we finished, I stuck a 10 in the fold and left because the waitress didn't come back to retrieve it. I could've dined and dashed easily.
5	Albacore Crunch Roll!
5	Great food and great service. The Alaskan rolls are so good. Ask for Andrew for a great device experience.
