3	Yes, I did get some culture while visiting Las Vegas.  After trying to find the lithograph museum at Paris Casino (gone to make way for a buffet) and the Guggenheim exhibit at The Venetian (closed for installation of a new exhibit), we FINALLY found a place that would provide a little mental stimulation at the Bellagio.At the time I visited they were hosting an Ansel Adams exhibit.  The exhibit itself was nicely put together with good flow and a nice mix of famous and not-so-famous photos.  The audio tour, I'm told, was lifted directly from a famous Adams biography.The space is very conducive to art displays - generally circular with several connected but not completely separate spaces, neutral walls and nice high ceilings.  They have an audio tour option which is included with the price of admission.  My only issue (well, besides price, which I've learned to just ignore in Sin City) was with the lighting.  I felt as if the gallery was ever so slightly too dark.  I kept squinting.  And no, that is NOT because I'm cross-eyed.
4	I am not the standard Vegas traveler.  I don't ride a scooter holding a cigarette and oxygen tank.  I don't wear an upside-down over-sized visor while clutching a yard-long margarita.  I don't go to clubs in my shiny shirt.  And I don't get my perv on at the topless pools.  I have absolutely nothing against those activities, nor those who seek to participate in them.  Honestly, I don't.  People are free to seek out whatever kinds of carrying-on makes their trip an enjoyable one and there seems to be something of an agreement that those I previously described can be seen as among the most popular, they're just not my idea of a good time.No, when I'm in Vegas I'm there to eat.  I do a little gambling.  A little shopping, maybe.  But the focus of my three-or-four-times-a-year sojourns in Sin City are focused on great food and wine.  Las Vegas has positioned itself as a destination for the gustatorily inclined, amongst which I count myself and my small group of friends.  So there you have it.But what to do in-between meals?  What indeed?  It's a puzzle, isn't it?Thank goodness, then, for the Bellagio Gallery of Fine art.  And while not incredibly well curated, it does at least have interesting pieces on display whenever I visit.  They usually let an exhibit run for 4-6 months or so, and though it's never anything TRULY exciting, it does at least offer a welcome oasis of high-culture in a desert of debasement.  You'll never see anything as outside the mainstream as a Jason Rhoades installation there.  I don't think any Richard Prince retrospectives are in danger of being hung, but I did see some nice O'Keefes, Marsden Hartleys, and an Ashille Gorky on my last visit.  There have been Picassos, Cezannes, and Monets in the past, and there's nothing wrong with that.The space is a little cramped, which gets in the way of appreciating pieces at varying distances, and the flow of the space is a little odd, and maybe the paintings are grouped a little tightly sometimes... but I'm willing to forgive these little transgressions as grateful as I am to have something besides an 80-foot high mural of a showgirl's ass to gaze at while I'm waiting for mealtime to roll around.  Not that... well... you get the idea.As long as you manage your expectations, the 17 bucks you will drop for admission is pretty good compared to what that same amount will buy you out on the casino floor.  Go on, get some culture!  It's good for ya!  There will be plenty of time for scooters and 'ritas and showgirl-ass later in the day.  Trust me, there always is.
5	A nice place to take a breather from the fun and frivolity of Vegas.  I've been here twice --- once for an exhibit of impressionists when the place first opened, then again for an Andy Warhol showing.  It's a lovely little museum.  In fact, it was Julia Roberts' workplace in the movie, "Ocean's 11."   The admission is reasonable.  The place has a gift shop offering a lot of cool ways to introduce your kids to fine art. Definitely worth a visit.Find out more at:http://www.bellagio.com/amenities/gallery-of-fine-art.aspx
4	We were able to catch the American Modernism exhibit at the Bellagio and it was a nice break from the heat and the casinos.  You know, I hate going to a museum and trudging through all the art and everything starts to look the same after a while. This exhibit was a small collection and I think it was just the right size. You didn't feel overwhelmed at all. You are really able to take the time to look and digest each of the pieces. I enjoyed seeing familiar names like Georgia O'Keeffe and learning about artists I had never heard about like Stuart Davis. They provide you with a little headset that you can use as your own personal (or impersonal) docent. Definitely a nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle and see some great art!
4	I went to the Gallery for the first time this June and saw the American Modernism exhibit, which is made up of loans from the fantastic Museum of Fine Arts (MFA), Boston. It took about 45-60 minutes to get through the whole exhibition. The extra 15 minutes was if you were to stay and watch the Georgia O'Keefe documentary in another room. This also assumes you look at each painting and listen to the commentaries on each one that has one.I have to say the woman they chose to read some of the audio commentaries on the audio unit should be replaced. She BUTCHERED some of the artist names and concepts. Did anyone instruct her how to pronounce these words correctly  before recording or proof-listen to the final product? They could have got a art history student at UNLV who would have done a better job.The entrance fee is a bit high at $15 for adults, but if that actually helps cover the cost of the exhibition, I suppose its okay. The museum wasn't that busy for a Sunday late afternoon though. Wynn should buy one of the original Dog's Playing Poker pictures and put it in the Bellagio to poke fun at all the people ignoring the fine art to gamble mind numbingly.Now that the Guggenheim LV shut down, this the only fine art gallery on the Strip. Don't forget the LV Museum of Art on West Sahara though. And no, the Liberace Museum does not count no matter how many sequins and sparkly things are on the walls.Verdict: When you have $15 bucks left of your allotted $500, go enrich yourself at the art gallery instead of enriching the casino.
2	Don't waste your money.  They hype it up to be something large and worth seeing but it's not.  The exhibits were small and not worth the high admission fee.  I even used my student discount and still thought it wasn't worth it.
1	Not worth the 15$ admission. I've been to galleries around the world and have a minor in art history and the Lichtenstien Warhol and friends show was the smallest collection of minor works I've ever been charged for. We were very disappointed.
2	On April 6, 2009, I headed out to Las Vegas for a short springtime vacation.  I was pleasantly surprised to learn that the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art was showcasing my all-time favorite artist, Roy Lichtenstein.  The exhibit, titled Classic Contemporary: Lichtenstein, Warhol and Friends consisted of around 10-15 pieces, mostly large-scale sculptures and works on paper; and aims to portray the relationships between Abstract Expressionism, Pop Art and minimalism. Upon entering the gallery, I was under the impression that I would begin an hour-long excursion into Pop Art heaven.  The gallery is much, much smaller than I had expected (as was the exhibit).  The open space is suitable for large-scale pieces, but it had an almost empty, loner feel to it.  I was disappointed to learn that there were only two Lichtenstein pieces, both of which did not fit into the Pop Art category and were much more suitable candidates for minimalism.  His piece called "The Mirror" uses uses the simple concept of mirrors reflecting upon one another, composed of dwindling dots and lines until the last reflection is reduced to a tiny snapshot of the original.  Although the gallery at the Bellagio is usually filled with 19th and 20th century masterpieces, they could've done a bit more to open up the world of Abstract Expressionism to visitors.  While these artists are not typically what most tourists would expect to see, they were definitely not given the due credit they deserve at the Bellagio.  That being said, it was definitely not worth the $15 I paid for admission.
4	I love the Bellagio Fine Art Gallery!Since this gallery changes the "theme" if you will bi-yearly, every time you come to Vegas there will likely be a different exhibit. Also, this gallery is not an all-day, museum-like gallery.  There will be around 20 paintings/sculptures, and that's that.  Likely you will be able to experience the entire exhibit in an hour or less.All of the exhibits are set to audio, and the audio is included in the ticket price.  The tickets are $15 ($10 for students/residents/seniors) and worth every penny.  Let's think about it....$15 can't even by you a margarita-by-the-yard.  But it WILL by you an hour of art, culture, and history.
5	It's a small museum, but every time I've been here I've been impressed by how well organized the exhibit is.  It is worth the money.  As others have said, this is not an all day experience.  But if you want to get some culture to balance out the debauchery of vegas, this is the place to do it.
4	First it should be said that this is an art gallery in a casino.  While it may seem an odd note to begin with, it seems that many people have a few overblown expectations about it.With that out of the way, the gallery itself is a small, four-room affair, with a very silent feel to it.  The exhibits are arranged in number order to correspond with the free audio tour wand, which has an explanation of a few of the things to look for at the piece.  The gallery changes themes about twice a year, and is actually quite well-curated.  Rather than being a giant art gallery, it has more of the feel of a small artist's gallery, and is themed as such.  The only thing holding me back from a 5-star review is the price.  It is simply too expensive for many people out there, and a lot of them will feel cheated for the money.  At a stout $15 per person, it can seem a bit pricey, especially with places like the Met at NYC can be entered for a mere $5.  I think that this gallery is to be relegated to being a locals gallery, since they can get a discount (even more for students), and it is one of a very small set of galleries in the Las Vegas area.  This being a casino, each part must make money, and I guess the only way that the BGFA can do so is through exorbitant prices.
1	Not worth the money... It was basically a square room...
3	We saw a very good show on the architecture and design of City Center. The docents were very helpful. One offered to get me a pencil and paper to take notes. The audio guide could be more informative, but it was fairly decent. The gallery is a good deal if you are a Nevada resident. They offer a special locals night on Wednesdays for $8 per person. It is a bit small, but consider that a plus if you wish to get in depth with the exhibits.
2	I love museums and I have been wanting to go to this gallery for quite awhile. I finally got the opportunity to go on Saturday and I was kind of disappointed at the quantity of art for the price, which is $12 for locals and $15 for tourists. There were pieces on display from artists such as Clemente (one of my favorites),Lichtenstein, Degas, Renoir, and a few from Picasso among others. In the admission price you get an audio reader of sorts to further describe certain pieces of art but the room was literally the size of a 3 bedroom apartment. It's your basic small gallery with wood floors and white walls.  In comparison to museums like the Whitney, MoMa, and Guggenheim the prices are comparable but not the quantity. Of course the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art could never compete in the sizes of those museums, but the prices should reflect the quality and quantity of artwork. I feel like this was the Bellagio's attempt to add to it's ambiance of  refinement by adding this gallery which ended up just feeling like a cheap novelty of a museum. I'd rather go to the Guggenheim next time i'm in New York and get more bang for my buck. But hey, i'm a thrifty girl who usually pays $5 on suggested admission prices so take from that what you will :)
3	We knew before purchasing tickets that it was small, because we were told to allow 45 minutes if we wanted to see everything.  It was sort of expensive for the size ($15, or $10 for teachers/students), but not bad when compared with the prices of everything else in Vegas.  It was a nice break from the noise and pace of the casinos.
2	I apparently am not enough of an art lover to appreciate the enigmatic sparseness of this one room display on the human form....translation: ummm..where is the rest of the art in this place?Gift shop is as big as the gallery. It is a nice reprieve from the Blackjack table. So for that they get two.
3	This place gets a solid 3 stars. Small space, but interesting art pieces with helpful accompanying audio commentary. The current exhibit is called "Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form" and is on display through January 2011. For some reason, my favorite piece is Yoshitomo Nara's "After the Deluge." It reminds me of Hayao Miyazaki's Ponyo.We went during their first ever free day. I'm not sure I'd pay the $15 regular admission, $12 NV resident price, or even $8 Wednesday locals night deal. So $free.99 was the perfect price point. But as any economist would say... TINSTAAFL. There is no such thing as a free lunch. The line was long and took us almost an hour to finally make it in. That was the trade-off for being free. Worth it though.
4	Before I start the review, I wanted to address the biggest complaint I read here: The size of the gallery and the number of artworks here.  This in itself raises an interesting question.  What is the "value" and "worth" of admission of an art exhibit to a person?  Do 3 paintings justify the price?  30 paintings?  Do the artists showcased play a factor?Granted, I took advantage of a "Free Admission" day, so I didn't pay the requisite $15 dollars.  It's only 4 rooms, so it took less than an hour to complete, but I did see some beautiful pieces there from the "Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form" exhibit.  Some from Lichtenstein, and Nara, and Picasso, Degas, and Renoir.  Certainly, viewing the works of these artists has to be worth something.And it's not like the gallery doesn't change its exhibit at least twice a year.  The staff was friendly enough and didn't follow you room to room; an issue that I had at another (now closed) museum here.  There are locals and student discounts.  It comes with a free audio tour.So what is the price of viewing art worth to you?  If you like the artists and get a chance to see their works in person, shouldn't that be at least worth some value to yourself?  I've been to bigger and admittedly better museums, but I did enjoy my time here.When the exhibits change, I'd be glad to come back.  And yes, I'd actually be fine in paying to do so.
3	This is a hard one to review. I was excited to get the chance to check out this place with some friends on their recent free museum day. Their current exhibit is called "Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form" and includes works from Picasso and Renoir, in addition to more modern artists. Normally, admission costs $15, $12 for NV residents, or $8 for locals every Wednesday from 5-7pm. An audio guide is included with admission at no additional charge. There are some very interesting, thought-provoking pieces here, but the space is quite small. Altogether, there are about 30 works of art.The audio guide contains some interesting backstories. For example, one of the portraits on display depicts Picasso's ex-girlfriend. Apparently, Picasso continued to frequently visit his ex and painted this portrait WHILE he was dating someone else. Pablo, that is pretty messed up. You got some serious cojones...So in the end, was it worth it? Well, because it was free, the line was long and unfortunately moved VERY slowly. We waited about an hour to get in. We agreed that it would've been worth it to pay for admission just to skip the long wait. However, if there was no line, as in pretty much every other day, we're not sure it is worth the price of admission, even at the reduced locals rates. The exhibit is worth seeing, but perhaps I've just been spoiled from being able to see an ENTIRE museum full of art for about twice the price. Even the venerable and fantastic Art Institute of Chicago has free evenings on a regular basis.
4	I hear that they also have other attractions in Vegas, like gaming.  And shopping, and fabulous restaurants, and pools with plenty of sunshine.However, my primary reason for visiting Vegas is the art. I first attended the Impressionist show at the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art about five years ago, and was duly impressed and surprised by the scholarship and selection of the work.  As a former museum professional, it made sense that Vegas would have the money to pay for the crating, insurance, and exhibition of priceless works of art.  Having worked at a major Modern art museum, it was also a pleasant surprise to use the audio tour to hear the level of scholarship that was available to the casual art viewer.I have seen every show at the gallery since the first show. My first stop in Vegas is this gallery, now that the Guggenheim branch at the Venetian is closed.  I do, however, miss the voice overs of the likes of Jeremy Irons on the audio tours that the Guggenheim used to feature.  There is nothing like well-written art scholarship read with passionate restraint. One of my particular favorite shows was on Early Modernism in America, from the vital beginnings of Post World War II art in New York, and featured an array of works that must have been hard to locate and assemble.  The exhibitions here, although limited because of the gallery size, are focused and sophisticated.I do use either the teacher, or local discount for admission, so it reduces the price.  However, as an art history teacher, I have had to buy museum memberships in order to see large shows at major museums, not to mention the added costs of parking and transportation to reach destination cities.   This small, easily accessible gallery is ideal.This gallery also accomplishes the egalitarian task of displaying work to everyone, not just the art lover who takes the time to visit a museum.These shows are well worth the price of admission for an hour or so in the company of cultural artifacts that represent the highest aspirations of mankind.The book store also has some unique, scholarly books that feature the work shown in the gallery, so a visit there after the show is always rewarding.
2	It's always rewarding to view and learn about prized works of art.  But let's put this in perspective: it costs $12 for locals and $15 for tourists to see approximately 30 pieces of art at the Bellagio Fine Arts Gallery.  The price of admission to the Louvre is 9.5 Euros, which is the equivalent of $13.26.  The Louvre contains about 35,000 pieces of art.I enjoyed what the Gallery had to offer, but I expected more. I left the Bellagio feeling like the victim of a broken promise.
1	I was so excited to visit this museum since they say they have works by Lichtenstein. However in reality was only 2 pieces, and very small ones at that. The whole gallery is only a room divided into 4 parts. We were lucky to have taken the single docent tour that made this not as much of ripoff, but still was not worth the $15 each we paid. You're much better off going to the many free art gallery's such as the ones in City Center, Forum Shops, and The Miracle Mile Shops are some that come to mind.
4	I like this place. It's a small museum but each piece is interesting and worth gawking at for a few minutes. Top notch taste whoever is picking those out. A little pricey for such a tiny exhibit though.
5	One of the best art exhibits I have ever seen was an O'Keeffe Stieglitz presentation here; it was so personal and detailed.  Really an in depth gorgeous experience.  This was a few years ago.  This time it was an exhibit on the human form.  Although it was much much smaller than the O'Keeffe exhibit it was nicely put together with notable pieces from Renoir, Picasso, Hockney all the way to a Cindy Sherman photograph.  Good variety, but small.This is one of my favorite places to go in Vegas and will go every time I visit; LOVE IT!P.S. It is so f-ing LAME people complain about the price- morons!  It costs $15 for a sandwich on the strip and 3 seconds to loose $15 gambling STFU!
4	It's nice to see some genuine culture amidst the tacky bling of most of the trip. I saw an exhibit titled "Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form". The cost was $12 for locals and included an informative audio tour. It led you through 4 rooms filled with paintings, sketches, mixed media and photographs, including pieces by Picasso and Renior as well as more modern artists. True, the museum is modest, but I thoroughly enjoyed this display.
2	Everyone knows that when it comes to all things Las Vegas, it ain't cheap. I can't find a single better example than the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art. Yes, it might be fine, but there's no reason to pay a hefty fine to see some 25 or 30 pieces of art. It costs $15 for non locals and $10 for students. Yes, they do have works from Picasso and that fact alone saved this review from being demoted to a single star. Save your money and go to the Richard MacDonald gallery of art based on his sculptures of Cirque du Soliel. Ironically, there are more works here and they are insanely detailed and quite amazing. Oh, and this gallery is also free.
5	very nice! We saw a very well put together exhibit with very famous and not as famous art. well worth it!!! There were families there but parents were carefully & respectfully educating the children on the att.
4	I like the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Arts, enough that I renewed my annual membership today.  I don't go as often as I should but I can and will--well not if history is my guide.I know the space is small and I realize they charge too much for admission given that fact.  The audio tour wand included with the admission is almost worth the admission price.The current exhibit--A Sense of Place:Landscapes from Monet to Hockney is small with a limited number of paintings and other art.  The quality, however, is excellent.  Many of the pieces are on loan from The Boston Museum of Fine Arts.  Some are from the Contemporary Museum in San Diego, and a few pieces are from the MGM Resorts collection.I didn't have all that much time today, so I did the audio tour and moved quickly through the exhibition.  Since I have the membership for a year, I can go back another time and spend more time studying the individual works and learning more about the artists.Again, I know the place is small, but at least we have a fine arts gallery.  With the Guggenheim closing and the West Sahara Library Museum closed, we need something like the BGFA.  It is worth having.
2	I have visited this museum 3 or 4 times over the last couple of years. Fortunately, my husband can occasionally get us in for free so that's when we go. Like this past weekend, for example. The current exhibit, which runs through January 2012, is "A Sense of Place." But the sense I got was that they just threw some paintings together to try to fit a theme. I'm sure if you are an art major you would totally disagree with me; but for the general public, the art seems to be chaotically set up. It starts off with paintings from the mid- to late-1800's and they fit the theme: a painting of Venice, a painting of a French countryside. Next thing you know, you are looking at a sketch from Christo and Jean-Claude (who did The Gates in Central Park a few years ago) from the 1960's. It was quite a jump in the evolution of art. Well no matter, I figured, since the next dozen paintings were from the late 1900's and still (mostly) fit the theme. Walked into the next room and what do you know? A painting by Monet and a photo of a golf course from a couple years ago. Like I said, it seemed chaotically set up. The last room was probably the worst; not in terms of the art itself, but just the fact that it didn't really seem to fit the theme or a logical order. There was a sculpture of a cloud....which I *guess* you can say is a "Sense of Place" and then a pop art piece by Lichtenstein and then some other stuff I've (sadly) already forgot. I really really really want this town to have a decent for-reals museum like other cities. One where you feel like a $15 entry is worth the price. And I really don't want to be so harsh on this place since we need some culture in this town and this is one of the few places to get it. Again, the paintings themselves are great to look at....they just seem to be haphazardly thrown together so you are left scratching your head. A few years ago, we saw the Ansel Adams exhibit at Bellagio and I would have probably given that 4-stars. It was very memorable and I learned a lot from it. This exhibit however... I don't think it justifies the price tag. Maybe if there was a more logical order to the pieces and if the audio guides had more detail I could have bumped it up to 3 stars. But for now I will say, don't bother (unless you are seriously in love with art)... and let's wait til January to see what the next exhibit will be.
3	It is sort of a failsauce art museum.However the Bellagio itself is an incredible work of art.
2	$15 general admission to a small gallery. Select few good pieces but not really worth the price.
3	This gallery was small and expensive.  Sure, the quality of the collection was top notch, it is after all, in the Bellagio.  If they lowered the price to $10, it would be a little bit more reasonable.  My main gripe is that they won't let you take photos of the art work.  not even without flash.  The paintings were made before copyright laws, so I don't know what the big deal was.  I doubt I'll come back unless if I could get in somehow with a discount.
4	Small but fabulous gallery.  Favorites include Eugene Louis Boudin's " Venice, Santa Maria della Salute from San Giorgio" and David Hockney's "Garrowby Hill".  A must-see if you're on the Strip!
5	I was recently here to see the Monet: Impressions of Life exhibit. It was excellent. It is a small Gallery but well worth your time and $15. There is no gamble here - you will get something back! I saw the most amazing paintings currently on loan from Boston's Museum of Fine Art.  I quite literally spent a good half hour just sitting and enjoying the paintings. Monet's use of texture with color to create the "impressions of life" is inspiring.Lots of security in there. I guess they don't want any "Hangover"-like hijinks. I don't blame them. Since it is such a small space, however, it was a bit annoying. I'm just a girl from the Midwest who is enjoying Monet!They have an audio tour you can get with your paid admission. As I told the front desk, I was looking for a quieter moment during my Vegas experience, so I passed. However, they seemed very informative. Several other patrons seemed to enjoy theirs.
4	Very simple and clean space that allows for maximum attention to be placed on whatever is being exhibited. Staff are very courteous and non intrusive. You know they are there in the exhibit space, but they stay as out of the way as possible.The ladies at the front desk were very friendly and answered all questions. It would be nice if there was more space to allow for larger exhibitions, but all in all this is a very solid place to view some fancy works of art.
3	OK, so when I was there they had Monets. i think that earns a three star rating all by itself. They did have a couple significant pieces, but in general i found the gallery a little lacking. I can't say why, I was just expecting a different level than I experienced. Everything aside it was an opportunity to be up-close with over a dozen Monets so I would probably have to do it again.
4	Last month I went to see the Claude Monet's Impression of Light exhibit. And I was so delighted to be there. The gallery is small and compact but right to the point. It was a very intimate experience. The audio tour was also very nicely done, not too much information but just enough for you to get a good understanding of the painting. I can't wait to see what the gallery has to offer next time I come back to Vegas
5	Steve Wynn's passion for art is apparent throughout the Bellagio and visitors can take it one step further and visit the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art.  Although the gallery initially housed Steve Wynn's personal art collection, now the gallery rotates art exhibits with the help of museums, galleries and private collectors.  The Gallery is open every day and is currently showing works by Claude Monet.  The show, which is titled "Impressions of Light", is exhibiting now through January 6th 2013.  It is a real delight to be able to enjoy them in Las Vegas since all of the pieces in this exhibit, Impressions of Light, are on loan from the Museum of Fine Art (MFA) in Boston, MA.  The MFA has the largest collection of this famous impressionist painter outside of his home country, France.       It was really unique to see purple paint used on a couple of the walls in the gallery instead of the traditional plain white.  I am not sure if the gallery is like this for all of the exhibits or if it was just for Claude Monet's Impressions of Light. Regardless, I really enjoyed it.Free audio guides are given to each person with entry but if you would like a tour led by a docent, they are given complementary with paid admission everyday at 2:00 pm.Admission General Admission: $16Nevada residents: $13Seniors 65 and older: $13Students, Teachers, Military: $11Children ages 12 and under are complimentaryLocals night every Wednesday5:00 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.$8 with a Nevada ID Annual memberships available
4	We typically attend each of the exhibits that coincide with our trips.  This past visit we saw Claude Monet: Impressions of Light which was outstanding.  The best paintings were by Monet though the others were good.  Make sure you pick up a wand so you can enjoy the exhibit to its fullest.
4	I saw the monet exhibit.  FACTS:Conveniently located center strip in the Bellagio.The Gallery has two rooms.  One room had a class of 10 yrs old kids complete w/ an excitable teacher talking sht about art while waving hands and saying stuff like "Look at those brush stokes!!!  I want each of you to think of three questions about those brush strokes!!!!?"Yo man, I just made some mad MONET up in that blackjack table"  is not  real slang.The brush strokes are actually quite impressive.  So are the dots. The audio tour is worth it.  The music playing over the narration is ostentatious.Steve Wynn dyes his hair/whitens his teeth, and visits tanning salons. He also appears to favor "luxury style" decorating.  Which is boring.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Steve_Wynn_Portrait.jpgI liked the exhibit and was glad to have it. Good use of purple.I wonder what kind of landscapes monet would paint if steve wynn sent him to vegas.  Fatasses on electric-mobility-scooter/wheelchairs is my guess.  They're everywhere.  Quite the contrast visa v sienne blending into the sky with young woman in purple.
5	The largest collection of Monet art on display outside of Paris!!!!(at Bellagio through January 6, 2013)We just happened to stumble upon a poster advertising this Monet exhibit. How lucky was I since Claude Monet has been my favorite painter ever since I was first introduced to his work in 2nd grade!!! You bet I was freakin excited! (Especially since I've never been to Europe so I have yet to see his most famous works...so far I have only been able to see only a handful of his original pieces).The gallery is open until 8 pm, with last admission at 7:30 pm. We allowed ourselves a good hour to spend in the gallery. The tickets were reasonably priced: $11 for students, $16 for general adults. Though the gallery was small and comprised of about 4 rooms, there were probably at least 20 paintings on display.  We were told they were on loan from the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. There is a complimentary audio tour but I personally declined the option, so I cannot give much feedback on that.I was slightly disappointed that not all of the works were by Monet, though it was still nice to see some variety (other works included those by Boudin, Pissarro, and Corot).  They showcased a lovely selection of both famous and less-known Monet pieces. However, they did not have any water lilies or Japanese bridge, which I would have loved to see.Some of my favorites from the gallery were:Grainstack (sunset)Meadow with Haystacks near GivernyMeadow with PoplarsAntibes Seen from the Plateau Notre-DameCharing Cross Bridge (overcast day)Entrance to the Village of Vetheuil in WinterThere are a couple of security guards, as one would expect. But I was pleasantly surprised (and most appreciative!!) that they did not reprimand me when I peered fairly closely at each painting (framed behind glass) to view the intricate textures and brushstrokes, which I have unfortunately experienced in the past at another museum.A superb exhibit -- if you are you a Monet fan, you mustn't miss this! The orchid-colored gallery walls really set the mood and complemented the art.THANK YOU, BELLAGIO!! =)
4	A touch of true (not manufactured) French impressionist art in Las Vegas. This city keeps on pleasantly surprising me. The Monet exhibition is on view through January 6, 2013. This exhibition showcased 20 works by Monet and eight other works by Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot, Camille Pissarro, and Eugene Louis Boudin.February 2013 onwards we can look forward to a Warhol series. The gallery itself is pretty compact, the audio aids provided are quite easy to use and the gallery doesn't seem to get too crowded to allow enjoyment of these exquisite works. Although I have to mention that the audio provided quite a lot of useless information rather than descriptions of the art work and the artists. Strangely enough, in addition to the gorgeous art, I was drawn to the walls of the studio that were painted a stunning purple!The cost of a ticket here is around $16 for adults ($13 for locals) and children under 12 are free. Pretty reasonable for a priceless experience. It's nice to partake in these creative gems without taking an international flight. If only this were a little bit bigger....think the Art Institute of Chicago maybe? We did Smith Center...now for a large museum (that's not mob related) Vegas!
5	Great exhibition of Monet's work. it's a little small, but then again it is an exhibition gallery and not a museum. It's fair priced and the atmosphere is great. The staff is very friendly and seem well educated on the matter. Lastly, a complementary audio guide is given to you as you access the Gallery providing some information and a little background of art on display.
3	I came in with a friend to check out the "Warhol Out West" tour.  I'm not a huge Warhol enthusiast, but I really enjoy several artists that were inspired by his work.  So we figured we would come and check out the original.  Let me first say that the Bellagio cannot really control what the Warhol people choose to display.  So I won't hold this against them.  But I will say that the pieces chosen were odd.  None of them said a whole lot about the artist.  And that gets me to the other failing, there wasn't much to look at.  There were three small rooms with relatively bare walls.At first I thought the ticket prices were decent, two of us got in for 24 dollars.  However, after getting through the exhibit in just over fifteen minutes, I couldn't help but feel let down.  More than ten dollars for a few minutes of glances, and nothing jumped out as inspiring or monumental.  The audio tour included was dull, and rambled on a lot about things that weren't too important.  And there were also an absorbant amount of security in the place, lingering over our shoulders the whole time wondering if we were taking pictures or not.  I get that important art must be protected, but so many guards ruined the immersive experience one is supposed to have while at a gallery.With such an alluring figure as Warhol, I went in expecting to be entertained.  I wasn't concerned about the ticket price.  But after leaving feeling more than unfulfilled, I had to wonder if maybe it all should have been a bit cheaper.All this said, I'm glad the Bellagio is displaying art.  And I welcome other exhibits, hopefully on the more interesting side.
4	I recently went on a date here to see the Andy Warhol exhibit. The museum is small, but it was a well thought out collection of the artist's work. It avoided some of the more well known pieces, but incorporated enough of his other works to give a more well rounded display. I will admit that my knowledge about art never passed what I studied in an appreciation class in university. Art was never something that I sought out, but the experience this night coupled with the $8 admission on Wednesdays for locals will have me returning.
2	I use to come here a lot, every Wednesday if 50% off for locals! The only problem is that this place looks in art... I know this is not LA or NY, I'm not asking for a real art gallery, but this is Bellagio!!! I'm expecting way more, or make it free !Andy Warhol collection was disappointing, with only few of his work pieces...
2	Warhol was unconventional, his art was pop, accessible over the top, warm, happy .... The Bellagio exhibit is cold, sterile, lofty... the exact opposite of Andy's philosophies. I think he would vomit. A major disappointment. Warhol's art is amazing and powerful... but the Bellagio exhibit is disjointed and odd. We just returned from the Andy Wahol: 'Warhol Out West' exhibition to open at Bellagio.
2	Went to the Warhol exhibit.  Save your money and buy the coffee table book.  For the price they are charging you should be able to get in to a real museum.
3	Las Vegas is not known for it's museums and other artistic endeavors. This is one of the few places where you can come to see really great art. I've been coming to this gallery for many years before I lived here. It was one of the few things I actually wanted to come to the Strip and do when I came to visit my sister who has lived here for 20 years. The Art - They try to do at least two shows a year. I've seen some great art while out here. Don't think you are coming to the Met or something. This is a small small small gallery, but you see some great works. Right now is a Warhol exhibit, which I found pretty interesting. Some have bashed the pieces shown, but I've seen several Warhol exhibits so it's nice to see a different side. I just love art, though, so I'm usually always happy to see anything.Cost - Tickets are $16 but what can you expect in Las Vegas? For locals you can get half price on Wednesday nights. I went ahead and bought a membership, which allows me to go as much as I want with a guest. I'll put it to good use too. I suppose I could give a four star but really it's just kinda ok. If you are use to bigger museums then you may be disappointed. I was also disappointed that they turned the gift shop into a store to buy over priced prints. I really like being able to buy something small to remind me of an exhibit that I've seen. Oh well, another reason why I gave it 3 and not 4 stars. If you love art then I'd say go. If  you are only ok with art, maybe go ride a roller coaster or something along those lines. You might be disappointed.
4	The Bellagio's Gallery of Fine Arts is one of those visits that you need to make whether if you're local or a visitor.  Reading the reviews on Yelp is very helpful before visiting BGFA.  And if you're reading this now, you passed step one.  BGFA looks like a fairly sized exhibit on the outside, but don't let that fool you.  A couple of steps inside and you're wowed with the fact that BGFA is small.  This was my thoughts the first time I've ever visited BGFA.Prices for the exhibit is about $15 (current exhibit is $16).  There's local nights which is half price, which is big deal. Once you're in you're given an audio hand-held and can tour BGFA at your own pace.I've been here for the Monet Exhibit, which I thought was fantastic.  I loved it and even paid the full price because I forgot locals get discounts.  My most recent visit was Andy Warhol's exhibit and this time got in during Local's night.  Regarding the Andy Warhol exhibit itself, it's really not for everyone.  You have to be a fan of Warhol to love this exhibit.  And even if you're a huge fan, you need to keep in mind that only a select pieces of his artwork is displayed here. In other words, your favorite pieces may or may not be on display.  I once dated someone that was a huge fan so you can say I was forced to love some of his work.  PS: When you exit, don't forget to stop by Jeff Mitchum's Gallery.  His work is on display or you can review his books that showcase his art. Some comfortable seating too.
4	I had gone to the Monet gallery and wanted to return when they got a new artist in, although it is small and doesn't take long to go through, I found it interesting and decently priced. When I had heard that Andy Warhol art was coming into the space I was excited to go check it out. I enjoyed seeing both galleries, but I would say I spent more time in Monet. It held my attention a little better and was all around just more interesting to me. I think everyone is different and some people might think vise versa of my opinion and I can see that, but I would definitely recommend going to check out the gallery no matter what art is being displayed. Its a great locals night out (dinner, gallery, drinks) and something nice for tourists to do too, to get away from all the gambling, smoking, and drinking (even if it is only for an hour or so).Hours:10a-8pPrices:GA $16Local $13
5	Incredible pieces rotate in and out, currently displaying the largest collection of original Andy Warhol works spanning early years to the end. Complimentary audio guided tour to boot! By far, one of the least expensive Vegas attractions you can find. It was an experience that was not only enriching, but also highly enjoyable.
4	I recently went to the Gallery to see the Andy Warhol exhibit. There was a locals discount which I enjoyed :) Also if you go on a Wednesday its only $8 for locals so if you want to see it I would suggest that day because that is a great deal!I really enjoyed this exhibit. I think Andy Warhol had some great paintings and it was fun to learn about them. When you go into the exhibit you are given a device that has recordings for each art piece so you are able to learn about each piece as you go through the exhibit. It was kind of small but it was the perfect size for me. Since I'm not an art fanatic and just wanted to see the main pieces it was great. For anyone who loves art I would recommend this exhibit. It was nice to be able to see something different on the Vegas strip. This exhibit is here until October so you have plenty of time to check it out if you wish to do so.
3	I know someone that has a Noir M Life card so free entry is one of the perks we take advantage of. Regular price of admission is $16 ($13 for Nevada residents).  I probably would only pay full price if it was an artist I loved and was dying to see their work.  Otherwise, it is a little steep considering the space is so tiny.  You can explore at your own leisure with the audio tour device (which are available in English, Spanish and French), or join the daily docent tour at 2 p.m. I recently did both during one visit.  I joined the docent tour of the Andy Warhol exhibit and found the docent to be extremely knowledgeable, informative, and held our attention with stories about the artist that we would not have heard otherwise.  I then just walked around on my own to fully appreciate the art.  Previously, I had been to the Monet exhibit and was very impressed with the collection that was displayed.  For a small exhibit, they are able to procure some great works of art to share with the community and art lovers.  And if you are an art AND wine lover- be sure to check out their Art & Wine event every second Wednesday of the month.  There is great FREE art to view too, you just have to be on the lookout as you walk through the Bellagio Hotel.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 35/100*
2	I went to art school so of course, I love art.  I've been to many museums such as SF MOMA, NY MOMA, LACMA, MOCA, Chicago Art Institute, Musee D' Orsay, Louvre and more.  I've been to BGFA in Bellagio a few times when they had Gaugin, Picasso and the latest, Andy Warhol.We got there at 7:30pm and they were closing at 8pm.  We were told we only had 30 minutes - yeah, I figured that much.  I also knew we would only need less than 30 minutes.  This is a teeny tiny gallery so even if I stared at every single piece of art and read the notes about each piece, I wouldn't need 30 minutes! For $13 per local, this place isn't worth it - you're not getting your money's worth at all.  You can see more art in other galleries in other cities for $15.  We were done in 15-20 minutes.  They also don't allow photography. I've taken pictures of the Mona Lisa in the Louvre without a problem...yup, MONA LISA...LOUVRE! Something's not right. The gallery feels so stuffy and humid...might not be the best environment to keep art in.However, the lack of culture and art in this city, I feel obliged to like this gallery since I have no choice.
2	2 stars for the Andy Warhol exhibit's value in my eyes.$13 for locals, and it took us about 10-15min to walk through the entire place, taking a little time to check out each piece of art and reading the commentary.Can't say this was my style of art, but if it was a different artist or set, I could probably push the venue up to a 3-4 star review.  But since it's not, I have to go with the value in my eyes, which was pretty low. I came here for the company anyways!  LOL
4	Love, love, love!! Thank you Bellagio for having the for thought to bring some class to Vegas. Don't get me wrong, I love Vegas and all the debauchery that comes along with it. But, I also love and look forward to seeing what this small but mighty gallery has in store for me whenever I am in town. Yes, it is small. But they work hard to always bring a really great collection together. And, I feel that a large gallery would be less effective, because more often then not when you are in Vegas it is for a few short days that end up being jam packed. If the gallery was bigger I probably (along with a lot of other regulars) wouldn't go as often. But when I know I can be in and out in an hour, well, I can budget that in my time. When I do make time in my vay-k for a stop into the Gallery I always leave happy, inspired and completely happy with my trip. Oh, and monetarily wise, it is totally worth it! So next time you wander off the Strip and into the beautiful Bellagio, do yourself a favour and visit this spectacular gallery.
5	My husband and I went to see the Warhol Out West exhibit, as I am a big fan of Andy Warhol. While it is a small gallery, and a bit pricey for the size, I loved the pieces chosen to be part of this collection. They had his famous Campbell's soup cans, self-portraits, American Indians, snapshots, moving installations, and a few diamond dust pieces -- all-encompassing of this amazing artist's different works. I loved all 45 minutes of my audio tour as well. I recommend it to those who appreciate and love Andy Warhol and would enjoy a refreshing activity outside from typical Vegas madness.
2	Disappointing. While the Warhol exhibit is interesting, it is an extremely small display for the price. We'd heard about the Gallery for many years, and it didn't live up to the hype. I'd recommend the Mob Exhibit at the Tropicana; much better value and highly recommended.
3	The Gallery is a nice alternative to the stereotypical Vegas activities. I was here for the Warhol exhibit. For the size of the of the exhibit and the cost, I wouldn't recommend it unless you love the artist. General Admission, out of state , is $16. This is high considering you can go to MoMA in NYC for $25 or the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburg for $20 and see his work as well.You could walk through the show in 5 minutes if you didn't read the picture placards or listen to to hand held audio device that was included with admission.
3	I went to see the Warhol exhibit, they had a limited amount of pieces.  I'm not sure if they were real or reproductions.  Which puzzled me.  I kept looking close and the numbers next to the name said 2 of 32, so I'm guessing they were special limited repos.  I'm not an art expert or anything I just wanted to see Warhol's work in person.
5	I love this museum. It is a small museum, but I love it that we have the opportunity to see great works of art here now. I used to need to travel to London or Paris to see them. I saw the Monet exhibit with a friend. We both really enjoyed it. Then, my sister, mother, and I saw the Warhol 'Out West' exhibit. It was fantastic! We had a wonderful time. We had a guided tour. The guide was friendly and answered all our questions. I will continue to meet friends and visiting guests at the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art. Then, we have coffee next to the museum and visit the Bellagio Conservatory. Money well spent.
3	Went to see the Warhol Exhibit this weekend and I can't believe it was $16 for 15 minutes (or less) of Andy art. They give you a telephone remote thing so you can get more information on each piece if you like. The exhibit was super small. Only did it so I can say I've seen his original work but unless you're a crazy Warhol fan I'd say save your money.
3	I went here to view the Andy Warhol exhibit.  The exhibit was short, just a few rooms.  They had some of the most phenomenal pieces.  There were styles that I had never seen before, and the explanation was quite detailed.  I would simply not go here expecting an exhibit of the Art Institute of Chicago proportions.  You may feel like you overpaid a bit, but you're in Vegas so the gauging shouldn't be a complete surprise.
4	I'm a bonafide art lover who lives in the art wasteland that is Las Vegas, so I'm super happy and grateful that the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art exists in our town. I support it every chance I get and I never miss an exhibition. The exhibitions change only a couple of times per year so make sure you call to find out what's currently on display.I love that a free audio tour is included with your admission. Make sure you pick it up because it's very informative. The gallery itself is super tiny. Even if you are expecting the small size, you'll still be disappointed. The exhibits only have a few pieces on display but it's better than nothing. The curator here is big on having a certain theme or artist on display for each exhibition. We've had Monet, Warhol and more general themes like Women Painters. Allow 30 minutes to an hour to view the exhibit. You won't need more time than that. The museum offers a local's discount certain days of the month. It changes so call ahead, but tickets are reduced in price from $13 to $8. The gallery has monthly wine discussions in the gallery too where you enjoy wine pairings and talk about the art for around $40 per ticket. Photography is NOT allowed in the gallery.
5	I really love this bit of culture driven by the finest absolutely priceless art hidden in the back of the Bellagio. Most never make the trek down the long hallways to get there. But, if you appreciate some of the world's finest art, along with an incredible adjective and adverb filled audio guide pulled from the largest thesaurus available, I'd really advise coming here. Once, we were lucky enough to take in an Andy Warhol exhibit. It was incredible! Pop art didn't exist before Andy's era. Wow!Another time, we saw a Alexander Calder exhibit. Did you know he invented the mobile? In other words, before Alexander Calder, nobody on the planet had conceived of creating hanging sculptures that move in the slightest breeze! These kinetic art forms now grace toddlers cribs, enormous atriums, airports, and wonderful spaces the world over! They even had his one true transitional work, where the mobile was hanging within a traditional picture frame. He then broke from the confines of a frame and centuries of art history and moved his art in to the open where it could rotate, move and be seen from all angles. Truly inspiring!
3	I appreciate art, but certainly not a sophisticate.  Or rich.  Wanted to come here because the exhibit was Women in Art, so brought my two young daughters.  My family has visited several art museums across Europe, so I knew the girls would be interested.  I knew the price before visiting.  Kids are free and retired military was $11.  What makes me give it a meh was the size of the exhibit.  There were probably 30 paintings, 20 of which had audio (with an included audioguide).  Hard to spend more than an hour there, which might be nice for the casual observer, but disappointing when you factor in the value.  Normal admission is $16 - for comparison's sake, entry to the Louvre is 12 euro, about $16.  There are two Georgia O' Keefe's in the gallery, and to me the most impressive pieces of the exhibit.
5	The Best!  Was privileged to see this bloom from day one. Thank you Mr Steve Wynn for this unique concept you added you our city. It was an honor to be part of the Mirage and Bellagio team from opening till it was sold to MGM.
3	I'm not an expert on fine art, but I can appreciate something beautiful, something that has survived for centuries, and anything with historical significance.  So anytime there is an art gallery nearby, no matter what the exhibit, I do enjoy stopping in to take a look.My husband and I were passing some time on our last day in Vegas while waiting to leave for the airport.  Figured the art gallery would be a nice, relaxing way to spend an hour or so.  Entrance fee ($17) was relatively inexpensive, surprisingly, seeing that everything else we'd done in Vegas up to that point had been rather pricey.I can't remember the name of the exhibit we'd seen - it wasn't anything too famous like Andy Warhol (earlier this year) or Faberge (coming soon).  But the paintings were mostly early 1900s it seemed.  We were also given little handheld audio devices where we could listen to more information regarding maybe 20 of the paintings.The only issue I had with the gallery was that it was rather small.  Maybe 3 or 4 rooms.  We definitely went through it in well under an hour, and when we got out we were like, That's it?!  Not that a gallery can't be small; it's just not what we were expecting.Art galleries are my go-to thing to do when I run out of other things to do.  I would definitely go back again if there was an exhibit that sounded interesting.
2	We visited the gallery for the recently concluded exhibit:  Paining Women.  The exhibit included works on loan from MOFA in Boston with Mary Cassatt, Georgia O'Keeffe and Berthe Morisot being the featured artists. It is was an interesting exhibit, but hardly among the best we have seen at this gallery.
1	Families are not welcome in this gallery - strollers are not permitted and they will not store them for you.Not worth the money, and if you read their website they don't even guarantee to be open during their publicized hours.  Don't even bother going here!
4	It was my only visit there so initial impressions were awestruck in terms of the enormity of the layout, the collection, the organization (with one hundred volunteers), and the extreme wealth that created it through Mr. Bellagio Gallery , his family and his foundation.
4	We enjoyed our experience at Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art.  There is a lot of see and it gets overwhelming after awhile. They had a demonstration of how they chisel away to make statues. I especially liked the garden. We saw mostly adults here - I don't think this would keep childrens' interest.
