3	A franchise started from Florida, has made its way here, It's diffidently a nice addition at the Ultra Star Surprise Pointe. Personally I thought it was a little small? I had their OMG sliders. They were two sliders with two patties and bacon on a pretzel bun! It was very good. Daughter had their chicken wrap, she also said it was good. We also had their steak nachos, now the ingredients were awesome. Cheese, salsa, and some kind of cream sauce? And their steak was awesome, but there were not enough steak, and the nachos were a little cold. Service needs to be worked on, Our waitress just didn't do a good job. i know they are new, and we will come back again.
3	Beef O'Brady's is a franchise hailing from Florida that is basically a sports bar with a full menu (pizza, burgers, wings, BBQ, etc.) however is more "kid friendly".  Overall a great concept to come to the Ultra Star Cinema/new bowling alley complex on Waddell & Litchfield.  TVs everywhere, employees dressed in referee jerseys, and all the typical sports bar type tchotchkes on the wall.  They even have an area for kids that has XBox consoles setup with NHL 2012 and other sports oriented video games to play.    The beer was cold, and the service was great, but my "beef' (pun intended) was that the food was below average.  At the time of our visit they had been open less than a week, so I'm not going to be overly critical, but there are definitely some kinks to work out.  The management didn't appear to be overly engaged, and the cook staff seemed really confused and the kitchen was incredibly slow considering how few people were in there.  The wings I had were average - somewhat overcooked and not enough sauce (and certainly not spicy enough).  Fries were good.  I'm sure they'll get their restaurant off the ground, but for management - I would have expected you to be more proactive, touching tables, asking for feedback - I'm not sure whether this was a "soft opening" but regardless you need to be chatting it up with customers and really ensuring things are running smoothly.  My rating is weighted high considering the newness of the operation and I look forward to your improvement.  Let's just hope that's sooner rather than later - there is plenty of competition in the area.
3	Service was great - servers were all nice.  Good selection of beer on tap.  We did not eat so I can't rate that yet.The lights are a big problem at night.  I understand they are working on dimmers for the bar side and hope that happens soon.The long table in the middle of the bar area should be separated into 2 or may even 3 tables.  Not everyone wants to sit with strangers that are very loud.
1	First let me say I am in the restaurant business. That being said I HATE to give poor reviews. In this case I have no choice.When i first walked in I thought : GENERIC Bennigans. Those of you old enough to remember Bennigans restaurants will understand.THE SERVICESara our server was good. She was very polite and genuine. I appreciated her service. She was the only bright spot.THE FOOD GENERIC, lower quality,  I completely understand that the franchisees in these types of business have zero to next to zero input as far as suppliers and food quality. They are buying a cookie cutter type operation with brand standards and operations set in stone. It takes an act of congress to create any real substantial change. This is NOT a reflection of the franchisee who I do not know. The food was lower quality product to start with so how much can they really do with it. The presentation was ho hum at best.  I can not stress enough the GENERICness of the food. The food was a total dissapointment.THE AMBIENCEMisses totally ! A trip to Wal-Mart and you could buy 90% of the decor. Unimaginitive and showed lack of any substantial design other then put it on the wall and it will be a sports bar. Pictures, jerseys, pennants, and TVs do not make an environment. It felt empty and hollow. OVERALLDont bother. You can do better many other places. I am sorry to say. I do not know anything about the finances behind the restaurant However, if it is not going to be supported as a losing entity Beef O Bradys days are aleady numbered.
1	Very Generic looking place with a buffalo wild wings type menu. This was our first time here but unless I'm abducted and brought here against my will, I don't think I'll be back. Everything was bad. The food was cold and the beer was warm. I hope they turn it around.
1	I was hoping for a little more from a place could capitalize on the fact that BBW just went out of business.  The restaurant was very small and the only background noise was coming from the bar TV's no music in the dining area at all.  I got the fish and chips based on the server's obvious excitement when I asked about them but when it came out, about 20 minutes later the three pieces were sitting on the "chips" (fries) so they were extremely soggy and grease filled.  When I brought it to the attention of the server her remark was "yeah, that happens."   I must have looked dumb founded because I wasn't sure how to respond so she just walked away.  I won't be back.  Go to the Irish Wolfhound, you'll be happier.
4	My family and I enjoy this place.  The environment is very nice.  It is comfortable,  friendly, and very welcoming of children.  When we went,  management had walked around (several times)  and checked in with guests.  The waitresses we have had did seem somewhat new at it but are very friendly.  The food is not top of the line but it isn't like we went there thinking we would get that.  I like that their menu offers a nice variety of foods to choose from.  My family and I plan to return to this location,  which is conveniently located!
2	I hate to give a poor review to a restaurant in the city I live in, but I have no choice.  This is supposed to be a sports bar, but I have never been in one where the lighting was so bright.  Hopefully that has changed since I was there.  Also, the seats are booths, which I normally like.  But if you want  it to be a lively place, then it should be a little more open.  The food was okay.  It was a decent deal since we went to the reverse happy hour.  I would suggest going during those hours.  Our server did her best.  It didn't seem like she really knew the menu too well.  I had the sliders with the pretzel bun...The bacon is good.  That's about it.  I didn't like the bun at all.  It was really dry.  The curly fries were good.  I really do hope they improve.
2	My wife and I really enjoy dining at Beef O'Brady's in Iowa and were super excited to learn there was one in Surprise.  We went to the Surprise location the same day we discovered that it was open.  The location seems perfect for this type of restaurant.  Unfortunately our visit to the Beef O'Brady's in Surprise was a sad disappointment.  Both meals that were ordered included the beef.  It was not only clearly evident that frozen patties were used, but there was also the taste of freezer burn and staleness.  In other words the patty melt and hamburger we had pretty much sucked.  I can't really say anything to incredibly positive about the french fries and ranch dressing.  The chances of returning to the Beef O'Brady's in Surprise is pretty low, but we will still be looking forward to dining in the one in Iowa.  There can never be a substitution for genuine, fresh mid-western beef : - )
4	We went on May 9 and had a pretty nice experience. I'm not sure what's with all of the 2 star ratings because honestly, this place was much better than I was expecting and for those who read my reviews, I have pretty high expectations. What was good:They offer school fundraisers. This is why we happened to go that night and they donate back 15% to schools. That's a big plus for me.Although the menu was nothing overly specia, there is a wide selection of items so even if you are watching your weight (as I am), you can make healthy choices without being relegated to the salad section. And the food was tastier than I was expecting. My friend had a Cuban Sandwich and said it was pretty good. The bread was fresh and the meats were plentiful and tasty. My son had fish and chips. The fish was a little greasy, but overall, it was very tasty. We had to ask for tartar sauce and it didn't come with the malt vinegar but I suspect that if we asked, we'd have gotten it. I had a veggie wrap which was brown rice with a variety of mixed veggies with some kind of sauce wrapped in a very large tortilla. It was pretty darn tasty.  My friend and I both had broccoli on the side which was overcooked, but it was nice to have that as an option in a sports bar setting all things considered. We also had a steak quesadilla to start and the steak was VERY flavorful and nicely done.  Our server was SUPER nice and although she made a few mistakes, she took ownership and rectified the problems promptly. For example, she brought us steak nachos when we ordered the steak quesadilla. She apologized, took ownership rather than doing the "blame the kitchen" routine, and quickly brought us a new appetizer. She was a little slow on keeping the drinks filled but it was busy so we'll cut her some slack. What I didn't like: Thinking back, there wasn't much I didn't like. The food was flavorful, the service was nice, though slow, and the place was nicely lit, open, and inviting. I'd definitely go back for a girls night out situation or at least an adults night out. I guess the one thing I'd have to question is whether or not it's a sports bar or a family restaurant with a sports theme. It's hard to decipher. I guess that would explain some of the other reviews complaining about the lighting and the ambiance because it is hard to determine which theme the restaurant is going for. They do Kids Eat Free on Tuesday nights....so if it's a sports bar...you don't really want kids there. I don't know. I'm rambling.Here's the bottom line....give it an honest, open minded try. If you don't like it, blame me. If you do like it, blame me. :)
2	My wife and I stopped by the other day for lunch. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly but not very knowledgeable of the menu.My wife ordered the Fish Tacos and was very disappointed. It came on flour tortillas with no option for corn tortillas (the only way to make authentic fish tacos). The fish was bland and did not have a crunchy or crisp coating. When she ordered she specifically asked for extra crispy. She even asked the server to take it back to the kitchen to make it crispier but the server returned telling her the cook refused and said that's as crispy as it's gonna get.I ordered the Chicken Philly which was OK. The chicken was kind of bland and the Hoagie Roll was cold. It would have been nice if it was warmed and toasted.Hopefully they will improve their cooking methods but chances are we won't be going back any time soon.
2	It was ... OK. Waitstaff was awkward. I don't understand why people who are unfamiliar with interaction with other people go into a service job.
3	I would go back if they had better drink specials! I didn't think too highly of this place. I'd rather go to Great Eagle Bar & Grill in Surprise then here! Way cheaper beer.
2	We usually din in at Beef O' Brady's, but one day we decided to order take out. They said that my order would be ready in 20 mins so, I was there on time. The hostess took my card and said that my order will be ready in a few mins... 15 mins later, they said they were looking for a plastic bag to put my order in... 10  mins later... still waiting and my order finally came out. When I got home, my wings and cheese sticks were cold and so was everything else. That was the last time we ordered out from Beef's.
2	Went here tonight for dinner, first thing I noticed right off the bat was the smell when I walked in, couldn't pin point it but didn't like it either . We were seated promptly , after that an waitress showed up and began to take our drink order we the hostess blurted out "no" meaning we were not her table however she took order.. Another waitress showed up to bring drinks and yet a 3 rd on brought our food.. I got fish and chips which was just ok, pieces are pretty small for almost 9 bucks.. Batter was really good but the tarter sauce I could have lived without, had a strange taste...Daughter had the chicken wrap and seemed to enjoy it, I did taste it and it wasn't bad..I will go back to try other items to see if it gets better... Hopefully the smell will go away by then..
2	I really want to like this place because it's so close & I can see the potential of this being a great sports bar.THE GOOD: I went for happy hour & you definitely get a lot of food for the $. THE BAD: The servers need a bit more experience.THE UGLY: The overall decor is flat out lacking. Maybe they aren't done... please say it's not done.
2	Been to Beef O'Brady's twice.  My hubby and I were psyched about having a place nearby to have some appetizers, a few drinks, maybe watch a game and chill.  Unfortunately the service and food was below average.  Service was very slow in taking our order and delivering our food (both times).  We had to stop waitress to give us another drink refill (sodas AND beer)...had wings (average tasting), nachos (never had been someplace that "messed up" nachos)---apparently the chips are made there and were overdone around the edges.  My mozarella sticks were undercooked and the dipping sauce was runny.  We tried to give them a second shot after the first disappointment, but the second visit was just as much of a bummer....don't plan on making a third visit...had heard awesome things about this franchise, this one is a forgettable dining experience!
5	Amazing beer selection at awesome prices..  And with NFL ticket I won't miss a game!
5	Great food the waitress was great just a all around great restaurant
5	One of the beat restaurants in surprise, great food and great service.
4	First time here and it was just what we needed after a long day at the moto track - cold beer, football and kid friendly options!  I opted for the Cuban and it was a huge - not typical for most Cubans. Wish I lived on this side of town so I could be a regular!
2	Sorry to do this but!!!! I brought my wife here for the first time after we caught a movie. It was on Sunday, during football games. Now this place was half empty, not good when you depend on the football crowd. Service was great, and very nice. We order their double pepperoni pizza, and their burger sliders. Pizza, was awful! Tasted like it was a frozen pizza!!! HOLD ON, I can find frozen pizza that taste better!!! It was even worse, when we reheated at home!! Their burger sliders were good, nothing special. Seems like the food just not that great! Now when we where there watching a game, there was a table of four playing dominoes!!! Seriously! They were loud, slamming their so called bones on the table!! Just stay home and play your game! I'm surprised they let them treat their tables like that?? But then again, when your business is slow, you start being desperate! I hate giving out 1-Star reviews, and almost gave one!!! Just put out better food, and stop allowing customers to do what they want to!!!
4	It's a sports bar.  For being a sports bar the service is good, the food is fine and the atmosphere is good.  Solid 4 stars.
2	My family and I hoping to enjoy a local establishment stopped for lunch today. We had a less than satisfying experience. The waitress forgot to place our order and on two separate occasions lied about why our food came to the table nearly 35 minutes after we placed our order. The manager when addressed at the end of our visit asked why we hadn't mentioned it to him when he flew past our table. He did acknowledged that the waitress had forgotten to put in our order and had expedited the order although he had not take it upon himself to let us know that he was trying to rectify the situation at any time.  Despite the service the food quality was average at best.  Sadly this local establishment will not receive our future businessActual date 5/28/2012
3	Standard generic sports pub.  Family friendly which is nice.  Good beer selection and specials!
1	Horrible service!!Smells like a dam nursing home!!Freezing cold had to ask for them to shut the door!Food is not good.
1	Gross, bland food. I ordered a garlic roast beef sandwich and they didn't even have horseradish. The roast beef was rubbery. There were fruit flies all around our table, and we saw a bug crawling on the floor. I ordered they're "fruit" sangria, and it was all raspberry. I hate raspberry and when I told the waitress it was gross and sent it back she STILL charged us for it.
3	I've been a patron since they've opened in Surprise. The food is always consistent and the staff is always friendly, the only thing I can ding them on is their housekeeping. It seems that they have become laxed in that department, the last time my family and I ate there we noticed a very distinct smell coming from the restroom/kitchen area. We have not been back since but plan on giving them another try....if the odor is not present. If it is... we will move on and find a new favorite place in Surprise!
4	I frequent Beefs quite often as I work near by.  I walk in, order my food at the bar and in 10-15 minutes im out.  The staff is always friendly to me and offers me drinks while I wait.  The decor is very approriate for an Irish pub... dark and green, lol.  My "odor" so many people comment on is not the fault of the establishment.  Other places in the area have the smae problem.  It has something to do with the pipes under the building.  Recently I have noticed scented candles put out and the bar/patio window opened.  This has helped the issue.  I LOVE the Garlic Roast Beef melt that has been mentioned in other reviews.  It is my go to sandwich.  I get it with shredded cheddar and mustard.  All of my coworkers LOVE the fried zucchini and fried mushrooms for happy hour.  People have told me good things about the bacon and cheese chips, but I am not a "kettle chip" type of person.  I recommend this place to many of my clients.
2	My visit to Beef 'O'Brady's was my first and only time, so I am going to try them again to hope that they get their act together.  The night I stopped in with my wife their was no wait, we were able to get seated promptly, but then the clock started ticking.  And ticking and ticking...We were very near walking out when the drink order was finally taken, about 24 minutes after sitting down.  The waitress was new, but I do not think that was her fault, I just wish she was given more help/support from the management or other co-workers who seemed to be numerously staffed that evening.  But nobody was lifting a finger to help her with anything.Anyways, food was good.  I had a wrap, the wife had a salad of some sort...all was good on the food department...but by then the service lag had really just left us wanting to move along.  Honestly, if management had come around or asked how our meal was, they probably would have gotten an earful, but I figure these things will work themselves out.  We will try again later.
1	Horrible!!!!  The food was far from good. I was so disgusted with what they served us. Everything looked like it had been sitting out for hours. We had a $70 tab, which we could've had a better meal at Wendy's. I mean EVERYTHING we ordered was awful. Potato skins, sliders, the Reuben, and even the kids hot dog and chicken nuggets were not edible. This place needs Gordon Ramsey to save it. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
3	Much like BWW or Wolfhound. Food was good, lots of TV's, good quick stop in for dinner then a movie.
1	"Slow service. Received hardly any fries with meal. Guacamole was frozen. Broccoli was not fresh. Not coming back"
2	The food was bar food, good tastes but some items were heavily salted, could feel the salt burn on your tongue.  Bad part was, we assume, the owners sitting in the middle of the bar area while one or two of the wait staff (manager-daughters-something) came up to them complaining about the other staff.  Made for an unpleasant visit.  We'll try one more time but if its the same we won't go back.
1	Definitely a one time only for us, unless we go only to drink.  (Lagunitas IPA on tap...yay!). The nachos were nothing special and certainly the cheese was poured from a can.  The chicken on the nachos may well have been cooked days earlier.  Same with the chicken on the dinner salad.  The dinner salad greens were also poured from a bag, I'm sure. The sliders were made from microwaved diskettes of beef, very clearly not grilled to order.  Also there are three different sliders so be sure to specify exactly what you want.  I thought we did, but we got something other than what we ordered.  The food in the pictures on the menu looks beautiful.  The food on the plate didn't deliver.
1	I'd Rather go to Great Eagle Bar & Grill just past Cotton Lane on Bell. Beef O'Brady's food is for the most part pretty gross I used to work there and their management is Horrible. Great Eagle Has great burgers and .50 wings every Wednesday. $1.50 Tacos on Thursdays and Happy hour every day 2pm - 6pm Karaoke on Friday nights NLF package , Love It!!!!
4	We eat here often for many reasons.... 1, it's right around the corner! 2, it's good! The ribs... Omg! So yummy! 3,4,5,6 it's right around the corner!! Kids eat free on Tuesdays, make sure you call ahead to confirm, as it has changed in the past. It's priced decent. You can get 4 ribs, 4 chicken tenders and fries for $10. That is enough to feed 2 kids or 2 adults if you are looking for something lite to eat. Lots on the menu. The have drink specials on weekends and ladies nights. By the amount of my check ins, you can tell I am a fan!!
1	Recently had lunch here and I could not of been more disappointed. The place was empty but still had to wait to be seated then it took our server a long time to take our drink order. Once we finally ordered the food took almost 40 minutes to arrive and the food was subpar. Basically the entire experience was horrible and I will never return.If you have other options go there instead of this place.
4	Decent tap list. They had Sculpin on tap so that speaks for itself. Food is ok but typical bar grub. Overall the place has improved from when it first opened.
2	Grossly over prices. They do have a good drink selection in both sodas and spirits. But I ordered a prime rib dip sand which and the cost was $13. It was not a $13 meal. Everything else my family had was just mediocre. I don't like to leave bad reviews but this place just wasn't worth it.
4	We live right around the corner and eat here often.  The  garlic parm wings are great, burgers and sliders are always yummy, and they have pretzel buns!!   They have great drink specials and tons of stuff on tap portions are large and I always bring home extras.   Some of the wait staff is sometimes not all with it but others are awesome!
4	Been here twice. Prompt service and great food each experience!  Love the patio when the weather is cooler!
1	Well, I'm just going to say that we walked in we were seated by the hostess in the bar area and waited, and waited, and waited some more while the bartender flirted with some women at the bar,  and finally we got up and left.  There are a lot of new restuants opening in the same plaza and we took our business where people noticed they had customers.
2	I can second the motion on all the other reviews of customers who had long wait times. I went with my friend around 8pm, and the place was nearly empty. There were 2 dozen tables we could have been seated at but the server told us "Someone will seat you shortly". Well that "Shortly" turned into 45 minutes, and it was the same lady that eventually seated us. We learned from our waitress that she was the manager, and that both her servers didn't come in that evening. So she was running the floor by herself. The food was ok, it just took way too long to get it. What was supposed to be a "Quick bite to eat" turned into 2 hours.
2	Service was fine, no issues others had with wait times, but the food was really not that impressive. Upcharge $1 for a little 2oz scoop of guacamole is absolutely nuts.The flavored water shots are kind of a cool feature, but not enough to make me want to come back.
4	Great atmosphere! We really enjoy it on football Sundays....they have given us our very own Cleveland Browns room. :) That...in itself..is hard to come by! Maybe they are hiding us...who knows. Appetizers and beers are yummy and our own personal Browns waitress is always fantastic. We find it similar to BWW's. Can't say much more as we've never done a real meal there. Good to have a  local place that offers a coupon that can be found in that clipper magazine thingy. Always a good experience :)
5	Not a bad place. We went there tonight to try it out. Wasn't busy for a Friday night. Took advantage of the happy hour drinks after 9. Little one had a pretzel bun burger and my wife and I shared an appetizer of their steak nachos. Pretty well fed for the money spent. Also they offer a 20% military discount at this location!
4	Pretty good place. The food was tasty, if not slightly bland (but hey, when you go to a place that serves a lot of beer, you should never expect their food to be huge on taste). I'd suggest you aim for food that tastes better when bland (like the Dubliner) to make sure you're not disappointed in your order.I've heard from a few nearby customers at how ridiculous their extra charges are... thankfully, we never ordered any extras.Oddly enough, we experienced none of the service problems others had. We were seated quickly, we were tended to quickly, and our server was very attentive and felt genuine in her friendliness.I suppose it really depends on the time of day on what kind of service you'd get. We came around an odd time, slightly before sundown.One thing you have to know though: It is rather noisy in here. Even when there's a not too many people in here, the overall mood of the place is just loud.All-in-all not a bad place. Not a MUST-GO-TO kind of place, but not entirely disappointing if gone to.Just don't plan an evening of coming here, or you'd definitely end up disappointed.3 stars for the food and service! An extra star to our extremely welcoming waitress~!
4	Good,fresh BBQ hamburger,good service from new waitresses.Choc cake was yummy. Not crowed on a Saturday afternoon.Didn't try their appetizers. Nice atmosphere.
3	Hadn't been in here for awhile so tried it Sunday 10/12 to catch the Bears game. Place was pretty busy but we got seated fast. The hostess (who was super cute with some great looking cans that I'd love to see in person) changed the channel to the gane we  wanted on the TV closest  to us. I really like that because most places have assigned seating for the NFL package and you need to arrive early to get a good seat. The service was a touch on the slow side but not bad considering how busy they were. The food was what you'd expect for this type of place. Better then last time for sure. The fries were over done and the chips needed more cheese but other than that everything went great. Probably make this my NFL ticket spot, especially if that hostess works every Sunday!
4	Order the Pub Chips - so yummy!  My husband and I go here occassionally for drinks and apps, never been disappointed.  Service is always good.  The owner is a cool dude.  Food is hot and fresh.  Family friendly (go on Wednesday nights).  Affordable.
