4	This is a cute little Japanese grocery store next to the ATT Wireless on Eastern and Serene.  They have a lot Japanese foods, including packaged items like candies and snacks, fresh vegetables, sushi-grade fish, house-prepared meals like onigiri, yakisoba, and sushi and hand rolls, a freezer section with frozen foods and lots of Japanese canned drinks, fresh breads, and lots of little odds and ends of a Japanese style.  I really liked it.  Of note, they have honey toast!  It's only $2.20!  Honey toast!It's a small, family-run establishment that has lots of room to grow, and has delicious meals.  The prices are quite good, especially for the sashimi, which is a steal compared to sit-down restaurant prices, and if you want to try it at home, you can buy the fresh fish right there, as well.  Check it out, they're friendly!
5	Wow this place is awesome - saw the yelp reviews yesterday so I went right after work today.  I sort of recognized the cashier but could not place her.  I saw some really neat things in here - fresh veggies, prepared bentos, onigiri, super reasonably priced sashimi and roe, coconut pocky, lots of yuzu-infused items, dashi stock....oh yeah and Japanese beer and a nice sake selection...I need to get the blueberry sparkling sake next time!I ended up with some great treats, and have to return.  Several people asked if I needed help, if I was finding everything okay, etc.  I left with some neat finds.  At the register, the cashier asked if I had recently eaten at Yokohama Kaigenro and did I order an ikura salmon bowl?  Amazing...she remembered me and my order!  And turns out, she was my awesome waitress (see my review, where I mentioned great service).  She gave me a $1 off coupon for Yokohama after that.  Such a cool place; I definitely will return!!!Update 3/19/10: I came back at got blueberry sparkling sake, a mackerel-japanese eggplant bento, and they have sushi rolls like onigiri where the nori is separate from the rice and stays crisp and you put it together yourself.  The bento is yummy and I got the eel-cucumber roll.  They also sell my fave ito en Jasmine Green tea and if I had not been returning to work I would have purchased some Japanese eggplant to cook.  mmm!
4	Stopped in because I was craving a bento box for lunch and I left very happy.  They offered bento boxes with tonkatsu and grilled fish, teriyaki bowls, katsudon bowls, etc.  I got the katsudon bowl and it was delicious.  (At the register, there's a sign advertising their curry bowls...I'll have to return for that!)  I also picked up some Japanese pickles from the refrigerated section, some Asian pears and lots snacks (pocky, candies, etc.)  Everything was reasonably priced and the people working there were very friendly.The store is quite small, basically two short aisles, so if you're from CA or Seattle (with their smith's size Japanese markets), you'll be let down.  But, if you visit with that in mind, you'll be able to appreciate having this little place nearby.
5	Japan Creek is a cute little japanese specialty store located near Gold's Gym.I love this little store. The ladies who work here are so sweet and nice. They have a little selection of japanese vegetables such as daikon, kabocha, eggplant, negi, saitoimo, etc! They also have a little section of freshly made bentos, sushi, rolls, and donburi. I have gotten their inari/maki sushi and the natto roll. They also have freshly made tofu and a small selection of sashimi grade salmon and ahi. Including, tobiko eggs, tako, and uni, I have seen. They also have sake, japanese snacks, sauces, ramen, rice, etc! Also, frozen meats for shabu shabu and sukiyaki. I also buy my sukiyaki meat from here. Always delicious.I am so glad they have this little store here otherwise I'd have to drive all the way across town to Rainbow for a similar store, Nakata Market.
5	still have a love affair with this place.  The staff are all super sweet and welcoming.  They have mackerel tokyo-style sushi that I always want, spicy yellowtail bowls, tako-wasabi and tako-kimchi, eggplant and cucumber salads, various bentos, onigiri, and rolls.  I also think their ikura prices are cheap compared to a container at Whole Foods, and they have shishito peppers, kaiware sprouts, gobo root, and cod roe to name a few items.  I also love that they have cold drinks - so when I stop for a snack of eel-cucumber roll I can grab an ito en Jasmine Green tea bottle.  They also carry various sake and pocky and other fun treats.  I stop here again and again for a great shopping experience and a delicious snack!
4	I go here a lot, for a quick sushi and asian fix when I don't feel like eating out. Their sushi is not bad and it's reasonably priced. I love their selection of fish, because I buy it for sashimi. I also like their selection of snacks and what they provide there, now those are a little overpriced. But they're very kind and nice every time we come. I've never left disappointed..
5	Cute little market! It's small but was well stocked and the staff was great!  Glad I cane across this and will definitely be going back.
4	Japan Creek is a mini Mitsuwa. They have a small store but carry all the Japanese ingredients you need plus a small section of fresh produce. The vegetable on hand varies depending on the season....eggplant daikon,  And they also have fresh tofu...its not the ones we see at Albertsons or Vons. This tofu is solt, silky, and smooth. Just pick up some fresh ginger, green onions, shoyu, and enjoy it. I think the tofu is delivered on Tues, Thurs, & Sat...im not sure on the exact times. So just give them a call before you head down because they sell out pretty quick.They also carry bento's with chicken, beef, unagi,  or fish (saba or salmon). & sushi...maki, inari, kappa. They also have chioux cream, mochi, chi-chi dango...your standard Japanese sweets. The earlier you go the better your selection. They have a freezer with melon or Ramune pops that my kids love. Sukiyaki meats, miso paste, ume, tsukemonos, takuan, gari, etc. Japan Creek is the place to shop if you are preparing an asian/Japanese meal or just looking for something to snack on. The workers are very friendly and helpful.
5	I LOVE THIS LITTLE MARKET!When I cook Japanese at home, this place definitely provides!My big bottle of sake, and Japanese vegetables are always readily available here, and the staff there are SOOOOO friendly. They even answered all my questions for the many different ingredients i had no clue about. The ready-made lunch plates are so good! And they even have fresh pastries and sushi daily! I especially thought that their anniversary give away was cute!With any purchase over $10 they gave you a basket to choose a ticket from! I won Boss Coffee and 2 instant miso soup cups. Also, they have a special stamp card to save you some money after you spend an X amount of dollars. Not to mention they also have enough fresh seafood to make your own mini sushi feast at home!
5	We love this little boutique grocery. Extremely friendly staff and the selection is very good for a store of its size.Fresh vegetables, unique canned goods and a ton of other hard to get Japanese items make this place worth visiting.
5	So glad I found this store! I went there with my husband and daughter and was greeted instantly as we walked in. Gosh,,,,such a nice feeling! I feel like I am back in Okinawa! The store is set-up just like the small stores in Okinawa, Japan. Staff is so polite and respectful. My daughter and I were like kids when we found the stuff that we always buy in Okinawa. The ebst part was finding the Okinawa soba soup which we have been craving since we left Okinawa three years ago...yummy, This is definitely our fav store now. Love this store!
5	I love this place. I usually get fresh tuna, sake, and mochi. So far, I've never been disappointed.
3	Small, privately owned Japanese market. I was craving Yoshinoya (beef bowl/teriyaki chicken bowl) but there are no branches out here. I didn't feel like going to a sit down restaurant but I was craving Japanese food so I came here to check out their premade food. I bought some premade beef and teriyaki chicken bowls which ended up being quite tasty and great for pack lunches. I also got a katsu bento and spicy tuna sushi. I liked the fact that it kind of had a "home made" aspect to it. I could be imaging it though! Lastly, The prices were more than fair for the taste and quality.EDIT: There is a Yoshinoya in Vegas on Maryland Parkway just north of Tropicana (Thanks Lisa!)
4	Great little market with lots of food items that are natsukashii.
4	It's like a tiny part of my years in Japan, or a stolen Post Street Japantown shopping area from San Francisco!  A nice selection of fresh food, Japanese sweets and cooking reagents, as well as various home products.  Did I mention the fresh buns and breads and sushi?  Good!
4	Small cute store filled with Japanese goodies.Bentos are yummy - The Beef Bowl and Curry Beef Bowls are so hit the spot DELICIOUS....There is a microwave right near the cash register so that your bowls could be heated up before you go. (Maybe not so good for the cashiers to be always near a running microwave.....)They also have shipments from Mammoth Bakery in LA.The Orange shortbread cookies are my fav....Creamy Mango and Creamy Melon sodas - Hell yeah!!!!!One of the cashiers used to live on Guam (my homeland)  for 5 yrs so I must give her a star....Some things could be cheaper but Oh well.....
5	Love this market!  It reminds me of my childhood in NYC.  The staff is friendly & helpful.  It is also very inexpensive, so buying ingredients will bust your bank account or drain your wallet.  Japan Creek Market is a GEM!
4	Small but packed little store, full of Asian items, from cooking basics, pre packaged items, to cooking utensils and even some pharmaceuticals and beauty products.  Coming from Hawaii, this kind of store is found everywhere across the islands, but in Las Vegas area, it's hard to find.  There are few of these stores around, you just have to hunt for them.Well organized, packed and loaded with stuff, staff friendly and offer assistance when needed.  Worth going back for fresh bento's and mochi!
4	I was initially underwhelmed by the small size of the store, but I walked in and found that it had everything I was looking for.In particular, I was looking for sashimi-grade fish and they had some tuna and salmon in stock. They also had uni and a couple of other fish that I did not recognize the Japanese name for. I also picked up some sweet rice, an avocado, and some pocky sticks. It was pricey, but convenient, so I will be back.
4	Finally another Japanese Market other than Tokyo Discount on the south side of Vegas. I never even knew this place existed because it's located in a very busy area. It surrounded by known businesses like  AT&T, Golds Gym, Denny's, etc. Japan Creek Market is a small store that has selected produce, bakery goods, frozen foods like mocha ice cream :) and other imported Japanese snacks and easy to make food. They also carry a few beauty products which I wish they would have more of a selection to choose from. They carry Japanese Mayo in case you wanted to make your own sushi!! Lastly, we noticed there kitchen, where you're able to order fresh food of bento boxes, sushi, noodle dishes, etc. They advise to call before you're store arrival because it takes about 20 minutes to cook! I'm doing to try their food and I'll let you know how they taste!!!! :)
4	This is a mini Japanese mart with fresh baked goods, rice balls, sushi bento, saba bento, imported eel from Japan, beauty supplies, bath products, Japanese snacks & beverages, instant noodles, Japanese sauces & prepacked foods. It's nothing to compare with those chain Japanese supermarkets in California (Mitsuwa, Nijiya...). However, it's very difficult to find Japanese markets in Vegas. I am very pleased that I can purchase some Japanese goods which I won't be able to find in Greenland supermarket nor 168 market. Otherwise I have to call my mom in Los Angles to mail to me. This place is small but well organized (very homey). Staffs here are very friendly and helpful. I hope it makes more money so it will expand the store sooner. Therefore, I can have more options of Japanese snacks and beverages.
5	Entirely by accident, I heard about Japan Creek Market and bento flakes are to blame.  Before I went I checked out Yelp and I so appreciate the reviews by Nelson Q (and the photos) and Hootie B - spot on!  Many Japanese products neatly arranged in the small market.  The staff is patient, friendly, and knowledgeable. I put many goodies on the counter.  Two days later, the friend I brought with me and I bought more.  Miso, nori, poki, strawberry kit kats (sweet tooth), bonto flakes, buckwheat noodles, shredded squid, etc. menu to pre order food next time.  There was tons of parking, it's so easy to get to.
5	A very small Japanese store with prices that are about 10% more than other places for the same product. Having said that, they have a lot of things that I've never seen anywhere else. The highlight of this place is the bento boxes that they make fresh in the back of the store. I had the beef bowl (gyudon) and the salmon teriyaki. The beef was super thin and tender. The salmon had a terrific glaze and was cooked very well. Even the rice was great. The food here beats almost all of the Japanese restaurants I've been to.
4	I stopped in here not knowing what to expect, but I found it as a cute asian market! I didn't have much time to look around but I ended up buying 2 salmon o nigris!  OH yes! They were the only 2 left but they were sooooooo delicious! I can't wait to go back to get more. There was also a big selection of frozen fish which I will need to check out at some later date. The store had a bunch of Japanese stuff and I will definitely need to come back and check it out again!
4	The wife and I have been coming here for two years now. It is so nice to have a Japanese grocer on the East Side of town. The only gripe we have with the store is most of the products are more expensive than the stores off of Spring Mountain, but that being said often the shopping list isn't big enough to warrant the half-hour drive from Henderson to Chinatown.The store is small, but well stocked. More often than not they have sashimi grade fish such as salmon and tuna (occasionally yellow-tail), salmon roe, and unagi. Their frozen food section has large variety of frozen fish products that are very common in Japan, but not so much here. They also have fresh produce. Need a daikon radish big enough to kill a small dog? They have you covered.The staff is sooo friendly and very helpful. They always have a smile on their face, even when they are super busy!!!
4	I love the fact that I can get hand made sushi fresh daily at a great price, and if my mood changes pick up a bowl of potatoe curry on rice. Fresh food menu items are available in this nice small shop. I dont usually pick up groceries, but for those who are interested they are available. Friendly service, and good food! I recommend trying the Rice balls with Salmon or Plum. There about $1.25 Each so you can load up, grab some aloe drink and take off!
4	Good selection of foods.  A little pricier then some of the other markets, but its closeness to my house makes it worth the visit.  They have a great selection of bento boxes and cooked meals as well as prepared foods.
4	Cute little market on the other side of town from me, but close to a friends. I didn't realize it and when I saw the stop I bugged the BF to go. I browsed around at their small shop and even though it's small it has a nice selection to make many complete japanese meals. They have ready made foods and we came late in the day so there was pretty much nothing left. I left with two bags of kit-kats, "world variety" (2 different recipes of the chocolate original) and green tea. I will definitely be back when I'm on this side of town. I know they carry maeji tofu and that's reason enough to come.
5	After my trip to Japan, I felt inspired to finally learn how to cook so I looked for legit Japanese stores in Vegas. Fortunately, my office at the time was at the very end of Eastern so I went to Japan Creek.It's located off the 215...along Eastern and Serene. In the same complex as Gold's Gym, behind Denny's. There's ample parking. The store is small compared to say, Mitsuwa in L.A. but they have pretty much everything I was looking for.I picked up sushi making kits, bowls, green tea, sushi-grade salmon and tuna, Kewpie Japanese mayo, ikura, Hello Kitty macaroni, green tea ice cream, Japanese spices, sushi rice and most importantly GREEN TEA KITKAT. Which earned me lots of stamps on my stamp card.The owner is friendly. She helped me out with my heavy basket. We talked about Tokyo and cooking. Grocery shopping has never been so delightful.
4	Couldn't ask for more living in Vegas. They stock the basic neccessary Japanese grocery items for a Japanese people to survive here in Vegas. My Japanese wife shops here once a week. Take-Out "bento" lunches are made here fresh daily and they are Ok.
5	They sell quality grilled eel (or unagi) and eel sauce! The prices of most of their items can be a bit high, so I will be dropping by again when I feel like making sushi. Their fish products are actually of good quality. They also have tons of purple sweet potatoes - my favorite!Btw, their bentos are pretty good too. The spicy tuna rolls and curry -yum!
5	This is the best Japanese market in town. I mean sure, we don't have many choices here and most people complain about not having a Mitsuwa or Marukai, but this little store is good for what we have. I come in four times a week or more so everyone who works there knows me. They will treat you with respect, either your a regular or a new customer just looking to try out something Japanese. When you walk in you can see the baskets of new products near the fruits, great pastires to the left brought in from LA through Mamoth bakery. Looking for sake? A sushi kit? Or even nama-cha? Then this is going to be your store.A nice thing they do is that every $10 you spend you get a stamp and with 20 stamps you will get $10 in free groceries. Its nice to get something for loyalty isn't it?
5	After watching a Michael Mina video today I set off to find Kewpie Mayonnaise. As Japan Creek is on my side of town I just stopped in. Yes it is somewhat small, but boy do they pack a ton of stuff in there. It is clear they do a fair amount of business and yes I did find the Kewpie as well as a cool bottle of Shichimi Togarashi spice for under three bucks. From fresh salmon to children's cookies, you would be hard pressed to walk out empty handed.
5	Japan Creek Market continues to be one of my go-to markets for Japanese staples, produce and snacks. Asian markets can be dicey. To the average American, they smell funny and are overwhelming because of the amount of products that have no English counterparts to the labels/instructions. This store is clean and odor-free and though small has a tidy appearance. While there can be a bit of a language barrier here, the staff is always nice and helpful when it comes to finding what you're looking for. The store is small, so the selection is limited by space, but the focus on quality here is great. I've picked up some excellent produce here-super fresh! Everything from daikon to enoki mushrooms to your standard peeled garlic and bunches of scallions. The produce never looks old or picked over, though if you come in towards the late afternoon, you may be out of luck on some things.They have all kinds of snacks and Japanese staples. One of my favorites is the Japanese curry. They have both the heat and eat or the pseudo-from-scratch bricks; I like both. I grew up on Japanese curry, so I prefer it to other curries-it tends to be a little sweeter and even the spicy versions don't hold a candle to the low-mid-range Thai spicy versions, however they are tasty.They also have bento boxes and ready to eat meals that are pretty good. I'm pretty sure they make everything there, so it's legit! Definitely a place worth checking out if you're delving into Japanese  cuisine or just want change up your snack game.
5	Japan Creek is the perfect Japanese market. While they obviously can't carry everything, what they do carry is very valuable and more important than the other things. The prices ar reasonable when you understand it's a specialty shop in a good location, but if you are expecting Walmart pricing you'll be disappointed. Though if you're expecting Walmart, you probably can't appreciate a tiny Japanese market anyway... but it's never too late to branch out.They also offer bento boxes and riceballs of various flavors (tuna mayo, go get it), and they're good! They bring in baked goods from Mammoth Bakery in LA, so there is even a hookup for Japanese pastries (curry-pan!).It has truly made our experience living in the area better. We were worried moving to Las Vegas because of a small-ish Japanese population, but having Japan Creek near by has made us feel very comfortable.The staff is always friendly and happy, but you may want to brush up on Japanese lessons before trying to chat.
5	I came here yesterday at about 4 pm or so. They have lots of goodies. Ramen, candies, chips, different fukaki for onigiri, tuna/mayo onigiri, books/megas, bakery stuff, frozen foods,bentos!! :) They greet you when you come in and walk around ask if you need anything. If something is in japanese they read it for you so you know what flavor it is and stuff! And cheap prices.
5	Place is expensive but I love that the three little aisles that they have are nice to look at. It's a little bigger than the store at Tropicana and Pecos. I love the rice balls and the bento looked good. They have the same things as the store down at rainbow, but in small quantities. The thing I totally love is the loud in your face music! Haha will be returning.
4	If you are in a pinch and need to grab some last minute ingredients then Japan Creek Market is not a bad place to go. The women working are friendly and sweet. We came in close to closing and there was no rushing us out so that they could close.
5	This place is an excellent Japanese market in Las Vegas.They have well selected Japanese foods. It's like Nijiya market in California. Also they have good bento boxes. It's perfect for a traveler like me. I'll come back when I visit Las Vegas again.
5	I had a craving for salmon, but didn't feel like going to a restaurant. Fortunately, I was able to find sushi-grade salmon here as some of the other reviews mentioned, and the quality was pretty good. There were only two ~half-pound packages of salmon on display when I went (on a weekend afternoon), so if you want to buy a lot you might want to call first. They also had tuna and uni, plus side dishes and rolls.Clean, well-stocked store and the cashier lady (possibly the owner) was so friendly when I said it was my first time visiting. I'll definitely be back.
5	Love this place! Every time I come here I spend so much money because of all the amazing stuff they have. My boyfriend lived in Japan for a while so I'm glad we can enjoy a place like this in Vegas. The bentos they offer are delicious. They have a great selection of fresh baked breads, fresh vegetables, fish and meat, beer and sake, and all sorts of sauces. Their frozen section is really good, too. The frozen meat is sliced perfectly thin for shabu-shabu at home. I also really enjoy the frozen takoyaki. At the front of the store they have a little corner of decorations/bowls/stickers/erasers that are super cute. The ladies who work here are always friendly and remind me of the cute little lady on the YouTube channel 'CookingWithDog' lol. I'm really happy this place exists and is really like what they have in Japan.
5	For Japanese everyday items, you will find it here. Well stock shelves, freezer, and friendly staff.  Love the small store front so you don't have to waste time roaming the aisles to find what you need. 5 stars all the way.
3	I thought it was going to be bigger, so I went out of my way to check it out but the selection is not much more than Nakata's which is closer for me.  The staff also isn't as friendly, though the bento selection is great!
3	Smallest Japanese store ever.  A lot of teas, drinks, etc, but really not a lot of overall choice (very few veggies..)  Good for some snacks, noodles, and prepared food.  Friendly owner, but not worth a special trip from across town...
5	In my quest to check out all Japanese markets in the greater Las Vegas area, I just happen to see this on my nearby search feature on my phone.Located in a nice plaza off of Eastern Avenue, this place is just to the right of Monta. I love these quaint little markets because they give you that cozy feeling. Probably because these places are mom and pop owned. Plus supporting your local business is always a good thing.As I went in, I am greeted in Japanese by what I assume was one of the owners in the form of a nice old lady. The first thing I looked for was any Kit Kat flavors I havnt tried yet. All they had were the dark chocolate ones. I asked the lady when they get new flavors and all she could tell me was that they are mostly seasonal. As I walked around, I noticed a lot of common Japanese staples you would find at other places. For this place I noticed they had all sorts of different kinds of sushi in the refrigerated section. This was something I havnt seen at other Japanese markets or maybe I just wasn't looking hard enough.So in my ever growing discovery of Japanese markets, this place is very similar to all the others that I have encountered and will stop by any time I am in the area.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #11
5	Far too long has it been since I have not written this review.  I am SO in love with this place.  I will make up excuses to come here, and if I am eating ramen next door with friends then it's mandatory that I go over there.I have had the sushi here several times and it ALWAYS delivers.  It seriously rivals great sushi places that I have tried.The box lunches are good, too!  I believe the last one I got was salmon teriyaki and the entire thing was simply blissful.Nibbles galore in this place - from fresh veggies to fresh fish, frozen entrees to prepacked goods, it's all here.  And all Japanese.  They even have okonomiyaki kits and the sauce.  Mmm.Also Kewpie mayonnaise in different sizes and types for those Kewpie lovers like me.  What a fantastic flavor it is.I come here for my Tamanishiki rice because I swear by it - there's no better rice.  I also am prone to nab a pastry while I am here too.  Last time I had a custard pan (custard-stuffed bread) from MamMoth Bakery and it was blissful.  All the flavors just fell together so perfectly I didn't want to finish it.  Not too sweet, but definitely not lacking anything.The workers here are always extremely friendly and happy.  It feels like a little slice of suburban Japan was just inserted into Las Vegas.  Love this place.  Happy to support it again and again and again!
5	It's a little piece of Japanese Market heaven, really. The store itself is located inside of a plaza and easy enough to find. The parking lot can get a wee bit full depending on when you go, but there is always parking of some sort available. The store itself is relatively small, so it doesn't take long to look around at all the stuff that is available. One of my favorite, favorite, favorite parts about JCM is that they have their own "bakery" so every day they have fresh bread, desserts, and various other bakery type things available for purchase. The sooner you get there the better, because they tend to run out fairly quick. They also make their own bento boxes, and dango, yay! On the immediate left after entering, there are a few vending machines that give out nerdy things and an assortment of japanese sake glasses, tea accessories, chopsticks, etc. The frozen section is located on the back left of store, which is where they have all of their, well, frozen stuff, along with chilled deserts. Red Bean Buns are my favorite. I have to get them whenever I get there. SO GOOD! In the back, if you feel so inclined, there is a movie section, in case you know Japanese. It's super small, but who knows. The customer service is great. You are greeted when you walk inside the door and thanked on your way out in Japanese fashion, language and all. The lady that works behind the counter is extremely nice. I've never had a bad experience at this place and recommend everybody in the area go there, especially if you are a fan of Japanese...anything. The only downside is that it is a small place, but that's not really tooooo bad.
4	Nice little Japanese market next to Monta on Eastern that sells a bit of everything from sushi and bentos to Japanese snack foods and even fresh produce. The bentos actually looked pretty good, but I was about to go eat at Monta next door so I didn't try one. They even have a microwave available for you to heat it up and lunch on the spot. Don't forget to grab a stamp card! 1 stamp for every $10 you spend!
5	This place rocks.$10 for enough sushi-grade salmon to make 10 orders of homemade nigiri?  CHECK.$4 for a variety of pre-made sushi rolls (WAAAAY better than grocery store quality)?  CHECK.Super friendly service?  CHECK.I'll be back.  A lot.
5	This place is awesome :) the lady who was helping me out was super friendly and cute when she was busting out Japanese to me ahahah I went here one day as I wanted to try the green tea kit kats in which I got the matcha Oreos and Pockey instead which was still amazing :)) !! I'm coming back here to buy ingredients to make a home made shoyu ramen.
5	How cute is this little Japanese store?Thank you for letting me use your restroom.  I promised you I would buy something, Japan Creek Market.And so I did....just a few random things that I love.  Nametake, Sekihan, Kinako.  It's a good thing I had to pee.  And a good thing Japan Creek Market was there for me.  I'll be baaaack (Arnold voice).
3	I've been here three times now and I really do enjoy this place. I did not give 5 stars because today, my most recent visit- I ordered tuna mayo and takoyaki to go.The tuna mayo was just ok, the takoyaki though was super undercooked. It was mushy and was not pleasing at all. I learned my lesson and know not to order food again.OTHER than that though, it is a very clean store that has your basic Asian needs. They have groceries to produce to baked goods.They have sushi grade fishes as well. I've managed to purchase sushi grade salmon and uni from them too.All in all, I like the store and would come back for Asian goodies but not for food to go.
4	This is such a cute little store and I love taking my time to look through all the different products. They also have ready to eat onigiri and bentos that are good and you can even pre-order them. They have a menu on the side for you. No to mention they have green tea kit kats-yum! And an assortment of bento boxes, kitchen things, and all those tools to make super cute, super asian lunches. Thumbs up!
5	First time customer.  We bought a number of grocery items and decided to try out the cooked food.  I am glad we did.  The place reminded me of the local stores in Yokohama Japan when I was there in the 50's and early 60's.  I definitely will rely on my Japanese grocery shopping here.  The cook food is how I like it.  I am tired of the fusion Japanese style and prefer the simple style the kitchen offers.  The price is right and the store keeper was friendly and helpful.  I even picked up some sushi to go.
5	Feeling homesick for Japan? Japan Creek is the place to go. Food, beauty products, DVDs, and obentos are all Japanese. No more searching through aisles of Korean products to find what you need, like I do at Greenland Market. The staff are all Japanese and extremely friendly! If you're looking for a specific product that they are out of, let them know and they can call you when they get it back in. If they are out of a certain obento, sandwich or onigiri they can make it for you within half an hour. Japan Creek tends to be a little pricier than Nakata Market! Ask for a stamp card!
5	Where have you been all my life, Japan Creek!? Authentic bento boxes, baked goods, fresh produce, ramen bowls from your wildest dreams, J. Creek is the complete package for Japanese edibles.Grab a menu and order ahead for a fresh, homemade bento. For those who don't know what a bento is, it comes with a main entree (meat, fish, etc.), rice, and a delightful assortment of side dishes, all neatly organized on a lunch tray. Oishi! The service is always friendly too.Five out of five chop sticks for Japan Creek!
5	This place is awesome as far as Japanese products that are hard to find! They have curry mixes and Japan bread. In the morning they have bentos and musubi and tuna rolls...... They don't last long as they are so good they sell out by lunch time as they only make it once a day!!! Get there early, check this place out they something for everyone.
5	I go to Japan Creek Market for all my Asian needs. I wish they had a Mitsuwa in Vegas but I do love supporting the small local Japanese markets. I always tend come by and shop here after I eat at Monta Chaya which is just right next door. They sell a decent amount of fresh produce, snacks, beauty products, home staples, and matcha everything. They also sell the Shiseido Tsubaski hair shampoo and conditioner I use at a decent price (compared to online) which smells just like lychee! Although they sell things like green tea & red bean ice cream that are cheaper at other places, Japan Creek Market sells other things that some stores don't carry. The owner is a very sweet, friendly lady and informative all the times I've shopped here. She helped me find eel sauce and pickled daikon that I was specifically looking for. She also makes authentic onigiri, bento, and baked goods there. Their salmon onigiri was very savory and delicious. On my way out, she gave me a stamp card which you get a stamp for every $10 you spend, after a certain amount of purchases you get a small discount.
5	One of the best Japanese markets in Vegas. They carry fresh produce, bento boxes and select pastries from LA. While Nakata market has more products in bath / beauty / medical category, food items at Japan Creek Market can't be beat.
5	Amazing selection here. If you are looking for more obscure Japanese items, this is the place. So far, every time I look for something, they have it. Everything from Yama Imo to sauces, etc., they have it, and I am always impressed to find things that I can't find at the other Asian markets that carry Japanese items. I have to say, though, that my absolute favorite thing from Japan Creek is the okara. I can't believe someone makes it here and it is so delicious. It's only available on certain days, so that is the only drawback, but they will accommodate you and call you if you ask. The workers are always super nice here and they have a great loyalty card, too. It's in a good location, and the store is always clean and well-stocked.
3	First off, I'm always a fan of any business where the workers/owners are true Japanese. They are the gentlest, kindest, nicest people and it's always a pleasure dealing with them. My review is mainly for the sushi and hand rolls they sell. I bought a few cali rolls and handrolls and a bento with beef teriyaki. My advice is to ask if they can make it fresh for you, otherwise it's not so tasty. Also, I have bought fresh produce from here and it's always good quality, not bad pricing though sometimes you can find the same thing at other mainstream markets for a lower price though it's nice to support the smaller businesses.
