3	I dined here during winter restaurant week.  Overall, I was a bit disappointed, and that's at a great price.  The interior of the restaurant is nice, very sleek.  My primary issue was with the service.  The restaurant was not that crowded, but I definitely felt like we were being rushed.  We were in and out in less than an hour for a three-course meal.  That's fine if you're looking for a quick bite to eat, but this was supposed to be a multi-course dining experience.  I'm not sure if this is typical, or if it was a restaurant week thing.  The waitress was nice enough.However, I thought my food was pretty tasty.  The bread was pretty standard, but came with three kinds of butter, which was nice.  I started with the lobster bisque, which was very rich and had big chunks of lobster meat and these awesome tarragon marshmallows.  I had the loup de mer for my entree.  It was also good - not amazing, but simply prepared and fresh-tasting.  I enjoyed the dessert, which was a rich fudge-like chocolate with apricot-paprika sauce.  The suggested wine did pair very nicely with the entree.  My husband thought his selections were decent.  He really liked the chicken thigh first course and the dessert, but didn't really enjoy the beef cheek.   Overall, I'm hesitant to return.  I know I would be paying much more than $25, which is fine, but I'm not sure if the experience will be better.
4	Came here for Winter Restaurant Week and was very pleased!  We had a wonderful and helpful server, who was the perfect combination of attentive and knowledgeable without being overbearing.  We had plenty of time to linger over and luxuriate our meal, which was well-presented and delicious!  Their lobster bisque in particular stood out as memorable for both myself and my dining partner: rich, creamy, silky, with a generous portion of lobster meat, as well as two garnishes (a lobster cracklin and tarragon marshmallow) which, while slightly frouffy, were outstanding additions to the flavor and texture of the bisque.  Our second courses (braised beef cheek and hazelnut cannelloni) and desserts were both wonderfully prepared and tasty.I appreciated everything about our experience at this restaurant, particularly its intimacy and the ability to see the kitchen.  Although it is a wee bit too pricey and pretentious for me to make it a regular spot, I really think it is worth it for special occasions and great deals like Restaurant Week.
4	Almost got 3 but the cheese pairings bumped it up to 4.I'm not saying that the food isn't great, it is. But it lacked the texture I value and expect in high end food. The menu is constantly changing but it seems like they are aware that the Lobster Bisque is a hit. Surprisingly it was the dish that had the most texture of all 6 dishes I tried.Again, nothing was bad. Some flavor combinations were impeccable. Particularly with the cheese. Holy man, I'll go back for the cheese plates alone. They were stellar!Our server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable. The chef presented a delicate amuse-bouche prior to bringing out warm rolls with a trio of butters, including a powdered butter. There were hints of molecular gastronomy involved with the dishes, but the plates were not overpowered by the technique. We were sent home with a small piece of coffee cake to remind us of our dining experience. The gesture was fantastic. The flavor was not.
5	Probably the best meal I have ever had in Madison. My husband and I each got one of the featured pairings- one fish one veg. They were both amazing. The lobster bisque lived up to the reviews. The vegetarian main dish was delicious w the wheat berries. Not only was the food great but also the service. Our waiter Dale was friendly and very knowledgable. The hostess was accommodating to our walk in reservation. Definitely worth the price!
5	We tried the new menu  - the lobster bisque with tarragon marshmellows is just as good as the reviews suggested.  The foiewurst was a very nicely balanced combination of sausage, mustard and pear.  The lamb tongue with frisee, quail egg and potatoes was also tasty.   We enjoyed the halibut with harissa, but my dining companion favored his  poached lobster on buttermilk spaetzel with carrots and pea vines - it had a lovely delicate sweetness.  But the piece de la resistance was the tamarind passionfruit dessert with coconut powder - juicy, creamy with dustings of powdered coconut, it was pure tropical joy.  The wine pairings were also very well done - and quite reasonable.  We'll definitely be back.
4	This was an outstanding find in Madison!  Nice drinks, creative and delicious food and terrific service.  Points off for a fatty lamb dish, but the presentation and combinations would make me try it again.Best lobster bisque I've ever had!
5	Let me just say that the food was delicious. But that isn't what this review is going to be about. That's right, I'm going rogue. First of all, I'm a nerd for maps and this place has a killer map of the world made out of nails. I'm probably going to copy this idea and do it at my own house when I actually buy one.The coolest part of all this is that the waiter was willing to talk to us about the place. It is a new place, so that's probably typical, but it's always cool when you can tell that the staff is proud to work at a place. He had been there from the very beginning of the restaurant helping get the place setup. The only sad part of all this is that ...1. I don't live in Madison anymore, so I can't return regularly (ode to 43 North).2. I miss Cafe Continental. Bad. The potatoes they served with breakfast cannot be topped. Absolutely delicious. RIP Cafe Continental Potatoesp.s. 43 North is the latitude of Madtown. Again, my love of maps...
5	Simply put, an amazing experience. The food is outstanding- especially the lobster bisque and the Cornish game hen. The combination of flavors used, local ingredients and helpful staff are three amazing reasons you should check out 43 North right now.Also, we heard at the restaurant that the protests really hurt their buisness this winter. Apparently, most protesters wanted a beer and a burger, not the *RIDICULOUSLY GOOD* cuisine 43 North offers. Please don't let this one die- Madison needs a stellar replacement for Cafe Continental (downtown, anyway), and this is it!
5	We were wandering through the market on Saturday morning and were looking for a place to have breakfast and hide from the rain. The menu on the door looked delicious so we decided to give it a try. The decor, coffee, food and service were amazing!Our waiter answered all of out questions and made excellent suggestions. We had the Carbonara gnocchi and Crab cake Benedict. Both were beyond spectacular.  When we repeatedly gushed about the excellent coffee, he brought us the bag so that we could find and buy it for home. He even brought us two small pieces of coffee cake to eat with our 3rd cup of coffee. This place is spectacular. Unfortunately we don't live in Madison and can't go back today! We will definitely go back to 43 North on our next trip to Madison.
4	My dining companions and I decided to blow out Muramoto Anniversary week in two days - Monday was lunch at Sushi and dinner at Restaurant, then Tuesday was dinner at 43 North. This was my first experience at the newest of the Muramoto empire and, like all things Shinji touches, it was (mostly) pure gold.We made unnecessary reservations as, at 7 pm, there was only one other occupied table in the restaurant. During the course of our two and a quarter hour meal, only two additional tables were seated - a deuce and a single. Granted, it was a Tuesday night but there's something a bit sad about eating an outstanding meal in a nearly empty restaurant.I had the Fish Tasting menu ($54 for 5 courses) and chose not to include the $18 wine pairings. My companions ordered a la carte but managed to get four courses in anyway so I only had to eat one course "alone". The Fish Tasting included the now-famous lobster bisque, a beautiful piece of sock-eye salmon that is supposed to be an appetizer but could have easily been an entree, a rainbow trout dish that was immense, a stravecchio parmesan cheese course, and the raspberry-lemon cake dessert. My companions had, between them, the lamb-tongue appetizer, another bisque, the sirloin strip steak, bouillabaisse, and the tamarind-passion fruit dessert. Here are my high-level observations:- The portions are very large for this style of cuisine - especially if you're tackling one of the tasting menus- The food is a bit fussy - sort of Top Chef "let's see if we can combine these 10 disparate things and make something awesome"- Regardless of the fussiness, the flavor combinations are bold, adventurous, and, more often than not, very successful.Generally, I turn my nose up at a coulis on every plate or gastronomic acrobatics like a "tarragon marshmallow", but as much as I wanted to make fun of the pretentiousness of the place, the food was really wonderful - satisfying and challenging. With almost every dish, the sum of its parts far exceeded the individual bits.The service was attentive - which it should have been given the "crowd" - if (again) a bit fussy. I'm not sure I needed a two minute explanation of each plate. Frankly, if my food needs a two minute explanation, maybe it's too complicated.I've heard, over and over, that 43 North is exceedingly expensive. This rumor did not bear out for us. We spent significantly more at Restaurant Muramoto at this time last year than we did at 43 North. And, for a true fine-dining experience, the portions are large and (as mentioned) the food is very good. Of my plates, my favorites were the lobster bisque (a touch of brandy added an unexpected flavor), the sock-eye salmon (perfectly cooked medium rare with a gorgeous sear and a bed of fresh peas, parsnip, and green onion that stole the show), and the lemon-vanilla cream on the dessert. Yes, I'm picking one element of the dessert but I can't help it. I would have eaten a bowl of the stuff. While I doubt that 43 North will be in heavy rotation for me, it will - like Harvest - be one of my go-to places when I want a really, really good meal and a little fuss.
3	Pretty good food but nothing to write home about.  I had the foie gras on brown butter biscotti (the foie gras was super salty and the biscotti, super sweet!) to start, and my boyfriend had the lobster bisque, which was VERY fishy (I'm not complaining about that one).  My entree, the corn and barley fritters, was like high-end comfort food but they didn't blow my mind.  My boyfriend had the game hen, which I thought was pretty good but he was a bit meh on.Service was very attentive (my boyfriend would call it "intrusive"), but dude was a bit nervous, you could tell.  He was very sweet though.  Good wine list.  Very generic decor.  I'm not sure if I'll be back.I'd say B- for food and A for effort.
5	These guys have got it down!  Our waiter was incredible with attentive and prompt service that wasn't overbearing or rushed.  The food was spectacular, the wine recommendation was great.  Biggest piece of advice: GET DESSERT!
3	Based on the yelp reviews and other online reviews, we decided to try this place out for my birthday.  I've had good experiences at other Muramoto restaurants so I was hoping this one would be good as well (even if it's not a 100% Muramoto restaurant.)  I ordered the lobster bisque and wagyu steak strip.  Since everyone raved about the lobster bisque, I had high hopes for it.  I thought it was good, but not as good as expected.  I'd probably get it again, maybe.  The steak was really tender, but the flavor wasn't anything amazing.  The steak came on top of potato-hash which came on top of mushrooms and an oil-based sauce.  I really would have preferred not to have fried potatoes resting on top of an oil-based sauce.  I barely touched the potoatoes because the oil and fried potatoes weren't really working well for me.  We got the brownie and vanille creme freche for dessert.  The vanilla creme freche was good, but the brownie was just okay. The decor was nice, very sleek and modern, mostly.  We saw one older couple request to switch tables because the booths were a bit too short for the tables.   If Restaurant Muramoto still had its chef's tasting menu, I would have gone there instead, hands down.  Can't say that I'm eager to come back to 43 North, maybe for brunch if I'm feeling up for it.
2	Meh... it was ok. Go to Fresco, Graze or Le'Toile if you are feeling "foodie" and in Madison. We were here with our daughter. All of our first courses were good, not great. Hubby had Lobster bisque, D had beet soup, and I had the herring. I think the soups were better. My herring tasted like it was from a jar.Hubby had steak, I had a fish, and D had a veggie dish. Again, all were good, not great.We skipped dessert.I think having been to such great places in Madison spoiled this restaurant for me. Which is just fine with me!
3	Its ok.  Its not a value but the food is decent for the price.  The one part of our experience that stands out is the bartender.  He pours cocktails the way they were meant to be poured: not fancy and very strong.The lobster bisque, as one other reviewer has mentioned, was 'fishy' to me.  It was also way too sweet for my tastes.  The meal itself was ok.  The bill was a bit steep for Madison but probably not out of the ordinary for larger cities.  Service was fine. The space is small and the bar is kind of uncomfortable.  Its almost like its there as an afterthought and we felt like the staff was surprised we wanted to have a drink there. They could use some music to improve the ambiance.  Its a little boring.  Overall its ok.  Nothing really draws me back to it but I can see how others may like it.
3	3 stars is a little nice, 2.5 would be more accurate. Given the price and other restaurants in and around the square, I don't see myself going back.The atmosphere is nice and our waitstaff was friendly, I will give them that. Also, their goat cheese date appetizer was very good and their Lobster Bisque is incredible! Those are the positives.Everything else was average to below average. One thing I noticed that was a major turn off was that when we got our food, you could tell it had been sitting under the heat lamp for a while, it definitely wasn't fresh and hot right out of the oven. My pork dish was good, not great, but the fries it came with were getting cold. My wife got the braised ribs and didn't like it at all. Plus, the mussels were gross, like they might have been going bad, but thankfully I didn't get sick.2.5 stars is about right, but downtown Madison has plenty of 4 and 5 star places to choose from.
3	I won't return.  The service was quite embarrassing---the waiter requesting that we pass our plates down, pass down our water glasses, et cetera.  The food was alright, but not fantastic.
4	They have small and large plate for every dish, so that's convenient for trying out different things.
4	I see a lot of reviews about bad service so I wanted to make sure and put it right on top that we had fantastic service.  Our server was attentive and was able to tell what type of a mood we were in and play around with us a little making jokes but also good suggestions for drinks and food.We had the Green Salad (with avocado fritter) it was AMAZING and also the Tri Tip Salad which was really well done but just a little too bold for me.  Our final two small plates were the game hen and scallops both of which I would recommend.  Everyone I dined with was very pleased with their food.  The atmosphere is plain, but that is ok with me.Other pluses to this location is they take reservations and twice now I have visited with a group of 6 and 8 and we can always hear ourselves, which is nice!
4	Went here on a date night.  They had a fantastic deal for 30% off during happy hour if before 7.  I hope this continues, as if I could I would go here several times a month for dinner.  Great meal.  small and large plates.  We had the chicken wings which were ok, nothing fancy, but had their dukk bok ki, which was very good, their beet salad which was solid.  Can't remember what else i had.Overall very good meal.  we had 5-6 dishes and the total was $50'ish with the 30% off discount.  good service.  nice atmosphere.  Many of their dishes have a little asian fusion in it, which I didn't realize at first but now I realize that 43 North is a Muramoto-based restaurant.I hope it does well, and hope to get back there once a month if available.  You can't go wrong with the dishes here, adn their menu is pretty varied so you should be able to find something you like.  Give it a try if you're in Madison!
4	We were a party of 4 with a dinner reservation for 7:30 on a Saturday night.  It seemed fairly slow and that may be due to the time of year and the weather because it certainly doesn't reflect the quality of the food or the restaurant as a whole.We started with a cheese sampler that was outstanding and reminiscent of those found at the old Cafe Montmartre.  This is an establishment serving small and large plates to encourage sharing family style and that's exactly what we did.  We started with a small plate of the duck and the short-ribs.  Our waiter accidentally placed the order as large but when he realized his mistake, he only charged us for the small.  Both were wonderful with rich flavor and visually appealing.  We finished with the salmon plate.  The salmon was done perfectly and had a sweet maple flavor.  A small piece of house-made coffee cake was given to each patron with the check and was a very nice touch.The place filled in around us during our meal but our foursome never felt crowded nor did we have to speak overtly loud to converse.  Our waiter, Jeremy, was very attentive and overall it was a great experience.  I would recommend 43 North without hesitation.
4	This is one of my go-to restaurants when I can't decide where to go. I've had brunch here and it was good but not exceptional. They sometimes dabble a bit on molecular gastronomy which is always fun and keeps things fresh and light. My favorite dish here is their Game Hen with mustard caramel. I also enjoy most of their desserts, they change constantly but are always good or at least interesting/innovative flavor combinations.
5	We love this restaurant!! The staff is attentive and friendly - very knowledgable about the menu and always eager to help with choices when asked. They do an excellent job of pacing the meal as well - we usually do several courses of small plates which arrive in well timed succession rather than the "it will be out when it's ready" mentality of a lot of small plate restaurants where one ends up with a crowded table and no rhythm to the meal. The food itself is inventive and delicious. The Lobster Bisque is a stand out! The prices are more than reasonable but the 30% off happy hour makes this one of the best values on the square.
5	This place is nothing short of phenomenal. I ate so much I was ill. If you have eaten here you understand how difficult it is to not overindulge. Go for the cheese platter for an app. I loved my entree of game hen and gnocchi as well! Highly recommend for a date night
3	True, I do have a policy where I don't eat at restaurants that put pictures of their food on the windows (which they do) but last night I made an exception and took a friend there during the 30% off happy hour than runs from 5-7.  One can only conclude that the 30% off special (which is a good bargain) was introduced to try to help combat "empty restaurant syndrome".  While we arrived pretty early (5:30) and it was a Monday, I was surprised that we were the only ones in the restaurant.  This didn't change until around 6:15 when another table was seated.  The inside of the restaurant is sleek with a modern decor.  The open kitchen was immaculate and the staff welcoming.  The food is offered in small plates (designed for sharing) or large plates.  We chose the small plate route and ordered three items:Goat Stuffed DatesGoat "DDuk bok gi"Duck Breast Our favorite was the goat "dduck".  This hot and spicy rice cake dish was excellently prepared and the spiciness complemented the richness of the goat.  The rice cakes themselves were also very good.The other two small plates really didn't hit the mark.  While not "bad", they weren't something I would try again.The sweetness of the dates completely overpowered the goat meat stuffing.  They were almost cloyingly sweet and needed an acid to help balance it out.  The duck breast was very ho-hum.  The meat was prepared nicely, sliced in small medallions over a puree of sweet potatoes.  This would have been fine but a "foam" of Crispin cider did absolutely nothing for the dish.  Looking more like spittle than foam, it seemed out of place and awkward.  Why take what I would call a "humble dish" (it also was accompanied with root vegetables) and try to spiff it up with foam?As my date and I discussed this more, I realized that the confusion around this dish carries over to the theme of the entire menu and restaurant.  What truly is 43 North?  It calls itself a modern bistro but neither the food nor the decor embraces "bistro".  Looking at the menu, is it Mediterranean?  Asian? New American?  I think this confusion is causing diners to not flock here.  No doubt, there is skill in the kitchen and the meals it puts out.  But without an identity, people don't know what to expect and tend to go elsewhere.  I hope things change.  If not, I won't be back.
5	Came here for a birthday dinner and this place did NOT disappoint. They have such COOL food here that are not only delicious but also visually delicious!! I LOVED LOVED LOVED their chicken wings....I mean really!!! Gourmet wings!!!! They were asian-ish and soooooo goood!!! I almost ALMOST cancelled the rest of our order and just asked for more wings ;)From our friend who had been here in past months it seems like they have updated their style and menu....and for the better! It is a tapas style restaurant but the serving amounts were decent! I also had a citrus (adult) drink...can't remember the name now...but it was delicious :)I can't wait to go back!!
5	Great, easy place to go for a romantic dinner.Went for restaurant week last year; came back this year because they apparently missed the memo about serving the absolute minimum (in other words, they went all out for restaurant week even as other places noticeably skimped).
4	I recently read a review in the Wisconsin State Journal that brought me to 43 North, and I have to agree with the excited tone that the reviewer had.   If you follow my Yelp reviews, you'll know that I consider myself to be quite the savvy diner, so when I found out 43 North had a happy hour running from 5-7, I couldn't stay away.  From drinks to dinner, everything on our bill was 30% off.   They were premiering a new menu a bit different from the one accessible on their website, which seemed to be an improvement.   Most of the dishes have an option of a small or large portion, so if you like to share like we do, it's perfect.To start, the service was excellent.   We were seated immediately, and our waitress was always pleasant.  We started with the lobster bisque, and they happily split our serving into two portions.  In general, the creamy yumminess that is bisque makes for a great crowd pleaser, but this bisque went a step further by adding whole chunk lobster to the bottom of the bowl, topped with a lobster fritter and surprisingly complimentary marshmallows.  We licked our bowls clean.  Next we had the beef carpaccio, which was also stellar.  Though the flavor of the beef was a bit masked by the heavy handed olive oil and shaved cheese application, the ingredients were all still incredibly addictive...something I could eat an entire plate of alone.  Our entrees came out of the kitchen hot, but they were a bit more disappointing.  The game hen was roasted beautifully, but the gnocchi served under the half bird seemed like an afterthought, and had little flavor other than the sweetened sauce that was present over the entire dish.  Hen= crispy and delicious, the rest of the dish= meh, I'm going to save room for dessert.  The scallops with a celeriac puree were also good, but not great.  The scallops weren't properly seared, which is fine with me if the flavors are there...but they missed the mark.  It was impossible to get past the fact that every single bite had sand in it.  I was crunching upon the sea, and wasn't liking it.  The celeriac was delicious, but again, I just couldn't get past the mouth of rocks I got.  I pulled our waitress aside and told her about the issue, and she was very sweet, but I had no idea what I meant when I said there was sand in my food.  "You mean the texture was off?"  No, sand, like you find at the beach, is in my food.  "Oh, I'm sorry...."  A friend of mine visited the restaurant one day later, got the scallops, and also experienced the issue.  Either our waitress didn't tell the chef, or the issue wasn't properly addressed.All of that aside, I will be back to try their other small plates.  I'm a sucker for high-end food at a happy hour price, and 43 North has a place in my Monday night (everywhere else I want to go is closed) repertoire.
4	Get the beet salad.  Scallops were perfectly done!  Tables are too close together- but that is typical in Madison.
4	I made the reservation through open table.  I had been a few times for brunch back when they had it and always wanted to try it for dinner.  I am glad we finally did.  Our waitress was very good.  She knew about everything on the menu when asked to describe some of the dishes.  To start we had the stuff dates with goat cheese.  They were delicious.  I have had a similiar dish before but with figs.  I liked the figs version better but overall it was a good trade off.After that my dad got the beef carpaccio.  He said it was good but should have been sliced thinner.  I had the lobster bisque soup.  It was very good and a large portion.  The way they present the soup was very nice.  They pour the soup in front of you so you can see the large piece of lobster in the soup.We loved that we could order our entrees as small plates since we had 3 starters.  We tried the braised beef and scallops.  Both were very good and had wonderful sauces.  The beef was very tender and not fatty which can happen with braised beef.  The scallops were plump, big, and rich.  I am definitely glad we did this as a small plate because I couldn't imagine eating 4 of those scallops.  The dessert options were lacking in my opinion.  Nothing really caught my attention but we did try one.  It was a thick, dry cake with banana cream spread.  It was tasty but was my dad's choice.  I would have passed on dessert because of the options.I will definitely go back to try more of the dishes.
2	The man and I had a gift certificate here so we decided to go on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly (we had a reservation) and our wait person was really good. She hustled the whole evening and was really pleasant. Unfortunately, the service was the best part of the meal. As a side note, do not go here if you are looking for a romantic dinner. You are seated about 18 inches from the tables on either side of you, and the place gets loud when it's busy. You will know what your neighbors are talking about. But we didn't want romance -- we wanted a great meal. We started with the goat cheese stuffed dates. I was really excited, but they were pretty meh. There was no salt or tang to counter the sweetness of the dates. And they were plated on pesto, which seemed like an odd choice that added nothing to the dish. We then had the lobster bisque that was delightful - rich, creamy, excellent flavor, and the crackling added great texture. It got worse from there. We split the game hen, and it was shockingly overcooked. As in dried out. The gnocchi were flavorless and chewy, and the mustard carmel sauce was pretty flavorless. We then also had a dish that does not seem to be on the menu now - a three bean stew (navy and two other kinds of beans) with some kind of meat. I can't recall the meat, sadly, because i was so freaked out by the fact that the beans were NOT fully cooked. As in crunchy. It was shocking that a higher end restaurant didn't cook their beans long enough. We did also splurge on the Wagyu steak. It was perfectly prepared and flavorful, but the accompanying potatoes were pretty bland.For a $70 meal, it was pretty disappointing. Perhaps we were there on an off night, but for a nice restaurant to have two dishes on a Saturday night be poorly cooked (over- and under-) is pretty disappointing. It was our first and last meal there.
5	We brought about 25 people here for a company dinner during the Epic Systems Forum. Arranged a pris fixe menu in advance with the group coordinator (Fred). The restaurant came through for us in all respects. Great food, great service, excellent wine list with many nice wines available by the glass, and surprisingly inexpensive. 43 North is the latitude of Madison, in case you're wondering.
5	Update to a 5, I have to say I just love this place.  Noise level is good, service is great, nice drink menu, but the food is just AMAZING.I have never had anything at this place I don't like.The dates with cheese and pesto and hazelnuts.... a perfect start.  The curry carrot soup was perfect for the weather and just enough curry.  The beet salad was to-die-for good; amazing flavors of cardamom soil, and goat cheese, wow!  Finally the scallops were cooked to perfection with an amazingly beautiful and tasty pea garnish.I never hear people suggesting this restaurant around town.   This place would definitely be in my Madison top 10.
2	Bobb doesn't eat at restaurants that put pictures of their food in the window and I don't eat at restaurants that put pictures of their chef on the menu. (Yet we both wound up here.)Let's chalk this experience up to me expanding my horizons and giving places another shot after they let me down once. Service is ok. Food is plated nicely. The menu offers something for everyone. It's nice that you can go small plate or large plate when it comes to their entrees. But it's not special. It ok. It's nice. It's fine. Now I feel like jerk... was that harsh? In my opinion harsh is spending $14 on two seared scallops. That's a lot of money. $7 per scallop if you're not good at math. Scallops aren't cheap, I get that, but I can throw a scallop into a screaming hot pan and sear on each side for a minute and a half. Who wants to give me $14? Tonight the scallops were in this weird pea puree that lacked flavor though admittedly was a beautiful color. Scallops themselves are already a bit bland, I wish there was something stronger than the pea painting my plate. Add to this the fact that my fork couldn't cut the touch sea life. You shouldn't need a knife to cut through scallops. These were over-done. The rest of the menu is a bit more complex taking less than common proteins and pairing them with starches in interesting ways. But at the end of the day, there is better food on the capital square. Good company helps. Both times I've been, I've thoroughly enjoyed the intimate bistro atmosphere and the people I was with. I just wish the food stood out more and resonated better with me, especially if you're going to put a picture of the guy that prepares it on your menu.
3	Eaten there twice. first time was great and I couldn't wait to go back. second time was so "not great" that we decided to not go back again. Don't know what happened since there was only about a week between out visits, but for the price, I've already found MUCH better.
2	Took the better half to 43 north and had what I considered to be just an OK meal. For the price I have to say I was disappointed. We started off with beef Carpaccio. I was surprised by how thick they cut the beef. Typically, Its cut much thinner. Also, there didn't seem to be much flavor. I'm not sure if they seasoned the meat or not. For dinner I had chicken and the better half had duck. The duck tasted very gamey to me. I did enjoy the service. The experience wasn't bad, it's just for the money you have a lot better choices in Madison.
5	Ate at 43 North for the first time this weekend and loved it!  Not only great service and a nice atmosphere, but outstanding food paired with an excellent wine selection.
4	My husband, myself and another couple went to the Wine Pairing last night. What a great learning experience not to mention the wonderful food that was paired with the wines from the Loire Valley in France! We look forward to going again.
5	My wife and I went here for our 1 year anniversary and we had a great time!  The lobster bisque was out of this world tasty, highly recommend it! Great location by the capital and a super cool ambience inside the restaurant. Definitely a great spot for a fancy dinner!
1	Very disappointing . Cannot handle a steady flow of small plates so some people receive 5 at once and others still haven't eaten before others are ordering coffee.Wait staff seems to think it a greet imposition to clear plates. Food presented with no attention to appearance and totally completely under seasoned.Would not recommend under any circumstance.
3	Dates with goat cheese were great as well as the ratatouille     But my scallops were cold.  My wife's duck was average.
5	After my first visit to this place, I can't imagine another place more deserving of the 5 star rating. Awesome food, awesome service, awesome atmosphere.Mom was in town and we ventured up to the Capitol square to grab some dinner. After scoping some places out, we settled on 43 North and found a cozy table near the back. The restaurant is simple, but elegantly designed and looks almost like a snapshot of a bistro from a big city.We shared an appetizer of roasted dates and I got the seasonal butternut squash soup. Both were pretty good, but the soup was a little bland.For dinner, I got the potato croquettes, and was pleasantly surprised with how tasty and filling they were. The small plate/large plate option is another plus that this place offers.I'll definitely stop back for happy hour or to try some other items on the menu. They have plenty of veggie options and everything we had was delicious!Nicely done 43 North, see you again soon!
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to 43 North on 11/22/13. Why did I wait so long to check them out?!+ Cozy atmosphere; love the smaller dining room in the back portion of the restaurant+ Huge windows, high ceilings, warm wood tones- Sound bounces everywhere; a bit loud for good conversation+ Server was STELLAR - very professional, prompt, and offered great suggestions+ Refills of water were spot-on+ Dishes were perfectly paced+ Was attentive without being obnoxious or overbearing+ Excellent variety on the menu+ Lots of small plates- Certain items are very pricey (see Corey's scallops example)+ The scallops were divine+ Beef carpaccio, salmon tartar, goat-cheese stuffed/roasted dates, lobster bisque - all WINNING+ Nice selection of wines and brews; more than reasonably pricedWe arrived just before 9:00pm, were immediately seated, enjoyed a great dinner, and left at around 11:00pm. Total bill for the evening, with two rounds of drinks was just over $65. More than fair, given the quality and unique nature of what we enjoyed. I want to go back tonight! Thanks 43 North!!
3	prize  is so high
3	Went to 43 North for Madison Restaurant Week. Overall underwhelmed. Maybe it was the reduced menu for the week, but our main dishes, were small (especially the salmon) and I still left a little hungry (and I usually eat a normal amount of food for a female). Taste overall was O.K. but I feel like I have had similar items that have tasted better at similar Madison eateries. I may go back again when they are serving the full menu.
5	Wonderful experience. I have dietary restrictions (no gluten or dairy) and the staff was super knowledgeable. We were seated promptly and served promptly; I was particularly impressed that since we had ordered mussels, as soon as the bowl for shells was filled above the rim, BAM, new bowl. Great selection and lots of food I could eat, plus the chef was knowledgeable and able to modify and accommodate as well.If you go between 5 and 7, it's 30% off, which was great--30% off EVERYTHING, including bottles of wine, etc.We split an order of the chilled mussels--divine!--and each had a salad. I'm really not a huge fan of greens usually, but the brussel sprout salad was so good I ate all of it. The deep-fried celeriac was a great touch, and my partner adored her duck salad. We each had a small salad and small entree and it was just the right amount of food. She had the lamb, I had the wagyu steak, and both were absolutely phenomenal.Definitely planning on going there again. If I could have anything, I would've wanted a dessert option that was gluten- AND dairy-free, but I have yet to find a restaurant that offers that beyond sorbet. Oh well. Definitely a big winner and we plan to frequent it.
5	Bistrohhhhh yes!I am totally into their small plate/large plate thing. You can order ANYTHING on the food menu in the portion you'd like. For commitment-phobic foodies this is the perfect place to nosh a little bit of everything without filling up. I tried a small plate of the Ratatouille (tomato, eggplant, zucchini, bell pepper), which brought me to summer while it was bone-chillingly cold outside. I got a large plate of the Blood Orange Salad (frisee, parsnip, radish, with a fennel vinaigrette) which was the most enormous salad I've ever seen and every single bite was taaaayyyyssttaay. I had a great glass of wine, which was reasonably priced.Also, wait a second, 30% off drinks and dinner during happy hour?!?!? That makes me one happy girl.
4	I lucked out again with a restaurant and found that I went during hour hours.  Everything on the menu (including alcohol) was 30% off!  This place has a good selection of wine and has enough selection of beer on tap or bottles for the non-wine drinkers.I started off with a small blood orange salad and lobster bisque.  The salad had good acidity and was not overly dressed.  The bisque was creamy with sweetness from the tarragon marshmallow and saltiness from the small chunks of lobster meat.  For my entree, I ordered the game hen dish.  The mustard caramel that filled the hen plate was too sweet for my taste, but I'm sure it is something others may like.  Due to the sweet sauce, I was not able to finish off the gnocchi and shitake mushrooms that accompanied the dish.  The gnocchi was a little on the dry side as well.With the great happy hour prices and good ambiance, I would definitely come back to try the other dishes.  Just make sure to go Monday through Thursday from 5pm-7pm or Friday through Saturday from 5pm-6pm.
3	Went for lunch today. Lobster bisque was outstanding, as usual, but the steamed buns were terrible. Could not tell the duck from the beef short ribs, because each tasted like a salt lick. Only reason for 3 stars is the bisque and previous dinners. Hopefully it was one bad day.
5	My fiance and I had a quiet, romantic dinner here.  The waiter could not have been more professional.  It was a weekday, so it was pretty empty and we had a great time.  The bartender made some special cocktails just for us.  We tasted lots of new dishes by ordering multiple small plates.
3	I had been meaning to try 43 North, especially given it's fantastic happy hour special. Overall, I was more excited by their bathroom embellishments then their food. That's not to say their food wasn't good, but I'm a sucker for orchids and over sized mirrors, not to mention a sleek decor tailored for their modern bistro name. We got 5 things to share between the two of us (thank goodness for their small plate option!). Out of them, I would get the grilled Caesar salad and dates again. The salad had a great tangy dressing and the poached egg on top was a nice touch. I liked the dates as well and of course like any normal person, pesto on anything makes me happy. The so-sos were the charcuterie plate and Wagyu steak. The steak was tender but not a lot of flavor-or rather any flavor was masked by this loud dill sauce. Covering a good piece of steak with overbearing sauce is one of my biggest pet peeves. Now the worst by far was the duck confit salad. The duck was cold, bland and did not sit well on top of a pretty romaine mix. Skip this. I'm tempted to try this place again with all the yelp love it has, but will have to tread carefully!
4	Good food and service. The roasted dates appetizer was fantastic. They are a little short on vegetarian options, especially for entrees, but I was able to make do.
4	Clever menu offers half portions of most entrees.  Makes it easy to satisfy the very hungry and not-so hungry diner.  Loved the baccala croquettes. Solid prep and excellent service.Returned a few days later for a Monday wine tasting menu.  Outstanding! Knowledgeable wine expert (thanks Dave Lund of Prestige Wines) and again, great food served family style.  Wonderful bargain--4 courses and 4 paired wines for $40.403 North has been trying for years to find its niche in downtown Madison. My most recent visits give me hope that it finally has!
5	Excellent
4	The food and wine was absolutely phenomenal, but the servings were a little small. If you can make it during happy hour do that (even on Saturday evenings!)
3	I've been here for dinner and had a FANTASTIC meal. It was phenomenal and during happy hour. So you really can't beat the price. My dinner experience here was so good, I wanted to take my cousin here for lunch since it'll be her last time visiting Madison. Lunch here was... horrible. There was one waiter and one chef/cook. There were two other tables, three including mine. We ordered three buns, the lobster bisque, and three entrees. It took about 45 minutes for our buns and bisque to come out. It took about an hour and thirty minutes for our entrees to come out. And I know the exact times because we got there at around one and I was starving. So every minute passing was excruciating. (And our two hour parking ticket told us what time we arrived). The lobster bisque is good. Creamy without it tasting too much like heavy whipping cream. The duck confit bun was just horrible. And I rarely use that word to describe food because I love food. But it really was bad. The duck didn't taste like duck,  it just tasted like fried rock salt. My lips were burning from the saltiness. The food here is really good. But don't come during lunch time. Also their house iced tea, which they advertise as their own house blend,  is just Lipton iced tea. Discovering this just soured my lunch experience here.
5	Went to 43 North because of a friend who had recommended this place to me. I actually work across the street and have never bothered to check it out. My date and I went on a Saturday evening. The place was not very busy. We started off with the goat cheese stuffed dates and those were amazing. The pesto they came with was also good. I had one of their cucumber cocktails and it was so refreshing. The cocktail was also pretty large in size. For entrees we had the wagyu steak half portion and the salmon half portion. The option for half portion was really nice. I would suggest the half portion to anyone having a late night dinner and planning on going out after. You don't leave stuffed ,but you won't leave hungry. I loved my steak and it was cooked medium rare just as I wanted, but I must talk about the salmon. The salmon came in a cucumber dill cream sauce. Oh my goodness. It was soo good. Maybe I just love cucumber that much. I even dipped my steak in that cucumber dill sauce because it was so good. I look forward to coming back, but I may just order the salmon next time!
3	Don't get the cocktails! I liked the salmon and the dates. Happy hour deal pulled us in. Food was good but not great. Considering that this place with the happy hour 30% off is much more economical than other places around the square, it's worth it on a budget,
5	I had the best salad of my life here--the caesar salad. Yum. Loved this restaurant!
3	I really want to like this place, so badly. They have all the pieces together-- a put-together ambiance, well plated dishes, a balanced menu. Nothing is bad, really, at all. But it just didn't really seem like it had a soul. I mean, even the name of the place is uninspired. The style is new American, and nothing we really had for dinner was particularly edgy or creative. The  lobster bisque was creamy, the chick pea salad was more leafy than I expected and came out more just like a garden salad, and the gnocci was fine. Our service was great; helpful and kind. Like I said: I really want to like this place. But I've been twice now, and while it hasn't been bad, I'm just not particularly excited to go back. Especially in the context of the great culinary options in Madison.
4	If you want to treat yourself to an expensive dinner in an absolutely gorgeous setting with superb service, then you definitely want to get a reservation at The Four Seasons Restaurant just off of Park Avenue in midtown. This was the third time we went there for dinner; I cannot imagine visiting Manhattan and not going there for dinner, usually the fixed price, pre-theater menu. This restaurant is mostly a favorite of wealthy people living in New York City, not tourists. The food is truly supremely good. You eat in what is called the Pool Room, because of a large pool in the center of the very large room. Around the pool are trees, which are change according to the seasons of the year; this time there were palm trees. You will be served by two or three gentlemen attired in suits and ties and who have worked there for decades. They treat you like royalty. Make sure to keep looking at the large windows; the unique window coverings move and provide a unique visual treat.
