4	Flat Top Grill is a new build your own stir-fry establishment located in the renovated Hilldale area. (It's across from the Great Dane)  I have quite a few picky-eater friends who fear anything spicy or "not a hamburger," so I'm glad that a place like this exists so we can both find something that registers on our own levels of "risk taking." The set up is as follows, you sit down, possibly order drinks/appetizers, and then are sent to an area that resembles a salad bar.  You choose whether you want rice or noodles, and then you can pile on as much vegetables as your little bowl can handle.  There is a variety of sauces at the end and tasting cups so you can have a vague idea what your meal is going to taste like.  The sauces give a shout out to most Asian cuisine, but I cannot attest to their authenticity. (Chinese, Thai, Korean, Japanese, etc.) After you chose your starch, your veggies, and your meat, you can choose whether to have your meal with flat bread, seafood added, tofu added, stir fried, made into a salad, or made into a soup. (There are probably more choices, I just can't remember them.)  Additionally, you have an option to indicate that you have a food allergy so your food is placed on a separate clean grill.  Additionally you can make this an all you can eat event for $1-$1.50 more, but then you pay extra to take any food home.For vegetarians, there is EVERY KIND, of fake meat available on the bar.  However, during busy times, vegetarians, no one seems to  gives a damn if the beef in the protein area accidentally slips into sauces that border that side, so if you're a rigid vegetarian, be weary.  My dining companion wished that he had indicated he had a food allergy because he insisted he could taste the sauces I put on my food on his food. I also want to add, on the night that we went, our service was not good, and we saw at least one other patron expressing her dissatisfaction with the service with the manager. We managed to have a pleasant dining experience despite this, and I'm crediting the poor service to the fact that it's a new restaurant and they may still working out the kinks.We both enjoyed our meals and are considering coming back at a later date to do the all you can eat option just so we could experiment a little more with different concoctions. I wouldn't say this is fine dining/cuisine at all, but it is a place you can take people with a variety of likes and dislikes. (3.5 stars!)
2	Not my thing.  I feel all bloated and greasy after eating here and I never seem to make a combo bowl that is really satisfying.  I'm not going to go into any more details about this.
4	This is one of those "create your own stir-fry" or "Mongolian barbecue" places where you pick your own veges, meats and sauces. They have a pretty good selection of sauces. Try their roti prata (indian bread) that comes free with your stir-fry. Really good! 7 bucks for lunch, I think, is a damn good price for the amount of food that you can stack in your bowl. Dinner at $12 is probably a bit on the pricey side. I'd just go for lunch. I was there for Sunday lunch and they were packed. I'd call ahead and make a reservation for weekend lunch.
3	It was Ok. I've definitely been to better "create your own" stir fry places. The meats were limited. We only could choose between chicken, calimari and beef. I chose the tofu. It was good, but I really would have preferred some shrimp. The seating wasn't that comfortable. It was just Ok. I would go back for lunch, but not for dinner.
2	I can put together a mean stir fry at home, so when I go out, I expect a little something extra. Flat Top Grill came up short.The buffet was short/limited and the whole atmosphere left me a bit underwhelmed. I've been to other Mongolian BBQ's and they seem to have the whole thing figured out much better. It would have been advantageous if they had made loads of suggested recipe cards readily available right at the buffet line... but they didn't. It also would have been a major plus if they used easily read product labels on buffet line (hand-written labels on crystal-clear plexi-glass isn't easy to read -- at least use slightly opaque plexi-glass, jeez).Also, isn't the whole point in choosing to go to one of these kinds of buffets, to enjoy the cooks' witty banter and theatrics as they grill up your dish for you? Apparently the Flat Top doesn't believe that to be the case.Lastly, I was there for a Tuesday night dinner. Not entirely dead-slow, but far from hopping. What I want to know is, why was the server so over-bearing? It seemed like she wanted to get us the hell outta there ASAP so she could get another party sat -- but there wasn't anyone waiting! I know, you're probably thinking we were her last table and she wanted to clock out. But we weren't her last table, there were plenty of others in her section. GAH!Maybe I'll give this place another shot for lunch, but dinner is highly unlikely.
4	Why do I like Flat Top?1.  Veggies are fresh2.  Service is good3.  The space is comfortable, bright and very clean4.  Sauces are interesting5.  Prices are VERY reasonable6.  Meat is fresh and tasty7.  Its different8.  Lots of choices9.  Bread is goodThe caveat is that I have not been to any other Mongolian BBQs before (if thats the correct comparable as others have stated).  Is it the best place I've ever been?  No.  But it does well what it sets out to do.
2	One who knows me would think this would be my favorite place ever. Student discount, huge portions, the ability to make that huge portion even larger, a bonanza of ingredients you can pick from, tons of sauces. All of the above to me is like Mecca. So you fill yee bowl and then they grill grill grill. Yeah, the bread is nice but I've never found the food particularly good. It just kind of tastes empty. First off when they give you your bowl its so hot you seriously cannot eat it and taste it for 15 minutes. This might seem like a good thing to be getting the food immediately but it's more frustrating than beneficial. The other ingredients again just taste kind of bland--possibly from sitting on ice all day. The sauces, which is usually my favorite part of any meal, have never done anything for me. I have had them mixed, separate, added before, added after. They simply aren't very good. I imagine they come in huge packages which contributes to their mundane flavor. If anyone has ever been to the restaurant Fire & Ice Grill in Boston or California it's very similar but better food there albeit more expensive because it's unlimited. I find it funny that the servers here tend to get very confused when they really don't have to do much. Never approach a table with your hands in your pockets, that's just weird in any situation. Somehow the concept of you putting together your own dish together seems to be a much better idea in concept than in reality. I guess if I was starving and it was lunch time, I could take this. I was just reminded me of one good thing though, making up ridic names on the name place-mat sticks they give you. That actually probably is the best part.
3	I've been to a few restaurants with this theme in cities much larger than Madison (the "put all sorts of raw veggies and meat in a dish and then they cook it for you" theme) and while the others impressed me more, this one certainly did the job as the only place for this in Madison.  Creating exactly what I want in a stir fry from a wide range of vegetables and sauces is fun- as much as I cook at home, I certainly won't have all of these ingredients at once, it won't be ready to eat in minutes, and I won't get the amazingly buttery roti bread on the side. The lunch prices are good ($7ish, I think) and the dinner student discount is great ($10)- if you're ever tempted to eat terrible A8 or Jade Garden, spend the same amount to NOT get gross meat, greasy rice, Styrofoam, and anything you want.
3	For a Mongolian grill, Flat Top is near the top of the price range. Seating is also pretty limited, I've had to wait up near 30 minutes before getting a table. I thought they had a pretty good spread as far as veggies and meat; it's supposed to mimic the main staples in asain cuisine, not be the typical fat American all-you-can-eat buffet. (i.e.: deep fried everything)I'd recommend this as a very healthy alternative to most restaurants, just hope you don't wait as long as I did....
2	I'm opposed Mongolian grills in general, but Flat Top is the better of the available options. If you go for lunch, it's actually a good deal (dinner is exactly the same except for more money). The breakfast option is a nice twist (add lots of crap to your pancakes or scrambled eggs). Two stars since I'll never actually WANT to go there, though I'll be willing to go if friends really want to.
5	I'm quite surprised at the low reviews. This place is a gem and very reasonable for lunch (all you can eat under $10 with student discounts). The food was fresh and I appreciated being able to make my own noodle dish, rice dish or soup out of the buffet. I wish we had these in California. Don't know why but they serve fresh Roti too.
4	I really liked this place and I keep coming back. The staff at the bar is very friendly, so we always sit there. There are a good number of options to add to your dish, and there are a ton of sauces and sauce combinations. Just don't go too crazy, because if you start mixing Soy Sauce, Coconut Curry, Sesame Ginger, and Red Chili Sauce, you'll get a very pungent and strange tasting sauce.But again, the cool thing is that it's totally your call.The meat is not the best grade, but it's not the worst either.Definitely get one (or two) of their bread thingies.
3	I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately it doesn't really do it for me.  I'm not sure what it is, as they seem to have everything necessary for a successful mongolian grill experience.Lots of ingredient choices, lots of sauces, friendly staff and quick service.  They even have stuff I've never seen at a place like this, such as seitan and tempeh and Quorn.  Yet somehow, both times I've been, my meals have been just kinda... bleh.The thing is there's a lot of variance because everyone can customize their food and should be able to achieve completely different results.  So if you're interested I recommend giving it a shot.  For me though, I think I've been enough.
3	The stir fry is edible. That's about all I can say. It is as authentically Asian as pei Wei.  Maybe less so.
4	Good price, good food.
3	We went here for breakfast today and it was good! They serve all-you-can eat breakfast on Saturday and Sunday morning. You chose all your mix-ins and can make either an egg scramble, pancakes, or french toast. They also have oatmeal, fruit and little muffins you can have on the side or while you're food is cooking. I really wanted bananas, though, but they didn't have any. I guess I understand that they may get brown quickly while sitting out. At unlimited for $9.99 ($8.99 for students) it was a better deal than dinner. we went for dinner the other night, too. It was tasty and they had a great selection of  fresh meat and veggies, but I wish they would have explained which sauces go well together. I think the lunch and breakfast prices are very reasonable, but dinner got a little pricey.
4	I went to Flat Top Grill last night on a date, and I really enjoyed it! This was only the second time I've ever really been to a stir fry place like this, but I thought their selection of veggies and such was pretty good. Everything I chose to put in my bowl tasted pretty fresh. I was kinda confused about which sauces to use, so I chose from their suggestions. I had the sweet and spicy sauce, and I really liked it.They don't really have a wide array of appetizers to choose from, but I don't think that's supposed to be their specialty. I'm generally an appetizer person though, so I had the shrimp summer roll, it was light and tasty. A good opener for the meal.As for the atmosphere, I found that great too. It was pretty crowded while I was there, but the tables are far enough away from each other that you don't feel like you can hear everyone else's conversations, i really like that.Also, a student discount is always a plus.I would definitely go back again!
1	My father used to tell me that if you want to know how hygienic a restaurant's kitchen is, take a look at their bathroom. Because if a place can't be bothered to keep a customer-facing facility like the restroom clean, what makes you think they'll hold half as much regard for the back end?Flat Top's was not the worst case I've ever seen, but I did want to run far out of that bathroom the second I walked into it. The same could be said of the whole restaurant...it had this ugly open-air setup which felt like a cafeteria lined with tacky decorations.However my main issue is with the food. The meat was tough and had a paper-like consistency. All the sauces tasted the same. The whole meal was dry, flavorless, and just plain tough to eat. But the most truly unforgivable offense was the blatant disregard for food safety. The buffet from which you pick your food for frying is a disgusting mess.When you hand your selection of meat and vegetables to the cooks, you stick a wood marker in the food to identify it as yours. My marker was handed to them inside a bowl full of raw meat. When the food was brought out to me, that same marker was sticking out of my meal!I ended up picking at my food at the sides of the bowl away from the marker, and throwing the whole thing away.It should come as no surprise then, whether it was a case of cross-contamination or not, that I spent the rest of the day fighting a pretty serious stomachache.
1	I love Mongolian grills, and have had some great experiences at other Flat Top Grills (FTG), so was excited to take The Fiancee to this one. Unfortunately, it was a sub-par experience.We came in, and things were just fine. We were seated quickly, and the waitress was great. We went up, filled our bowls, and then waited for the cooks to take the bowls, which is when it started to go downhill. At other Mongolian grills I've been to (Flat Top Grills and several other companies), the cooks are always really personable, fun, and interactive. Here, the lone cook didn't even make eye contact except to say "Just leave it." He wasn't even busy at that moment -- it was just The Fiancee and me standing there, and nothing was on the grill.The food came quickly, once he put it on the grill, but it was disappointing. Now, obviously, I created my own meal; however, something happened between what I put in my bowls and what was delivered to my table. That is to say, I'm something of a sauce-fiend, so, whereas FTG's instructions say 3-4 scoops of sauce, I mix at least 10 scoops from a variety of the sauce choices. Understandably, then, I was incredulous to discover that my meal was DRY and nearly flavorless, as though they hadn't put any of the sauce concoction I'd created onto my meats, veggies, and noodles. I don't know where all that saucy goodness went, but it wasn't onto my food ... It turns out that The Fiancee had the same issue with hers (she had done 4 scoops of sauce) -- it was dry and not very flavorful. For my 2nd serving (yes, I went back up for more -- I was still hungry!), I tried to avoid the dryness by using fewer noodles and veggies but keeping the sauce portion the same. I also switched from the rice noodles to the "Chinese Yellow Noodles." Well, the meal was slightly saucier and tastier, though not much, but the yellow noodles were just simply awful. Soggy, creamy, mushy, ICK. I just got grossed out thinking about them again!Needless to say, The Fiancee and I were not happy with our FTG experience this time around. I'm sure we'll try once more (we all, even restaurants, have bad nights), but right now, I have lost my appetite for the Flat Top Grill.
4	My wife Amy and I have been coming to Flat Top Grill for years! We love Flat Top compared to other make your own stir fry restaurants because of the freshness and variety of vegetables, sauces, noodles, and meats to choose from! You MUST try the flatbread, its amazing. Also - build up the bowl and make it huge so you have leftovers. If you go on to a second bowl and have leftovers, they charge a $5 box fee to take it home!
3	As far as Flat Tops go, this one was pretty decent.  We swung in on a Saturday morning for breakfast.  The pancakes here aren't nearly as good as I've had at other Flat Tops (in Chicago) and they screwed up my scramble by deciding I should have an omelette instead.  They also make the roti a bit thicker than I've had elsewhere.  Still good, but I definitely prefer a thinner one. It was pretty quiet in there and it took quite a while to receive our pancakes.  Overall, service was sweet and fine.  This definitely isn't the best location I've been to and I'm not sure I'd rush to go back to this particular one.  I am a huge fan of Flat Top, but I'll stick to the Chicago locations.
1	I was really excited about eating here, because my boyfriend and I have such different taste.  It seemed like a fun place to go with groups of people, because everyone can get exactly what they want.  The first two times I ate here were okay, but since then things have gone down the tubes.  I'm not sure if things actually changed or if the newness wore off for me, but I won't be going back.To begin, you can't hear a thing your dining partners are saying.  It must be the acoustics in the building, but it is impossible to have a conversation over any of the tables.I don't eat meat, so I was excited to get my hands on some veggies and meat-free options.  Alas, most of the veggies tend to be the stemmy parts you don't really want to eat.  I realize this is cheaper for them, but no one wants to eat a bowl of broccoli stems.  None of the veggies ever look all that fresh, either.  I learned to skip over the faux-meat, which doesn't have any taste here.  It also takes up valuable real estate in the bowl.  If you are going the meat-free route, I suggest adding tofu at the end.As previous reviewers have mentioned, I've never been able to concoct tasty sauces.  No matter what I do (follow their recipes, invent my own), my dishes end up tasting bland.  Once, I did make some flavorful sauce, but it was so spicy I could barely eat it.  My boyfriend loves the sauce, but I think he just dumps on soy and  teriyaki sauces.  For the record, I can't stand teriyaki.  The smell makes me ill.The last time I was at Flat Top, another customer obviously didn't pay attention to the server's tutorial and was observed touching one of the sauce ladles to uncooked meat.  This grossed me out so much, I barely ate.  This particular infraction involved teriyaki sauce (we are destined to stay apart!), but it makes me queasy to think about what else goes on at that food bar.I haven't eaten meat in eight years, and don't have plans to start anytime soon.  Alas, the last time I ate here I spent a considerable amount of time picking chicken out of my dish.  I don't have food allergies so I'm not going put the stick in my dish that says I do, but it's be nice if they cooked all dishes separately.Again, as previous reviewers have mentioned, the food arrives VERY hot.  I guess it means all the germs from people who can't follow directions are killed off, but it also means you have to sit for 15 minutes (not engaging in conversation with your friends or family, because you can't hear them) before you can eat.
4	This is a restaurant for big eaters. There are a ton of options to really make your own variety of asian stir-fry-- you can almost be paralyzed by the number of sauces available. And the sheer volume of food is impressive-- a great place to go if you want to absolutely stuff your face.
5	I moved away from Madison about three years ago, and I was just chatting with an old friend about Flat Top and how much I miss it! There are a few similar places in and around the twin cities, and I've tried almost all of them, but none of them compare!I LOVE how Flat Top has the meat fresh and in a separate bowl than your veggies/carbs. They have a great selection of sauces and veggies to add. I also really like how they give you a stick with your name on it so you don't lose track of your bowl. Another positive is the free extras you can add to your bowl. Eggs, flat bread, and tofu! (At least this was the case the last time I ate there). You can also add a shrimp skewer for an added price. The service was always great there even when it was really busy. They also have flavored lemonades with free refills which were great! I think i've tried all the flavors. Yum, I can't wait to go back when I'm visiting Madison!
3	This is an interesting place. At Flat Top Grill, you choose your own starch, vegetables, meat, and sauce and the staff cooks it in front of you. So if you mix things that shouldn't really go together, it doesn't taste right. On the other hand, if you know what you're doing, it might taste better. They do provide popular ingredient mixes to give you a baseline if you're completely lost.So, the best thing about this place is the all-you-can-eat. You pay 1 or 2 bucks more to do buffet style, rather than just get one bowl (which can taste bad if you mess up). A great deal. My favorite, however, is not the unlimited stir fry you can create, but the nan bread that you can have with each bowl you make. Overall, neat idea. I approve.
3	It's good.  Servers and bartenders are very good.  But I have to say you should go when it is not crowded.  When it is not crowded and they have had time to clean the food selection area it is wonderful.  When it is crowded the food selection area gets very messy and frankly looks unsanitary, especially the meats, with raw meat juices seemingly getting in places they should not.  There is another Mongolian-style restaurant I have been to a couple times where the meats and fish are frozen and the food selection area stays way cleaner.  Flat Top is kind to vegetarians - preparing their dishes in pans away from the meat and using different spatulas, so the vegetarians can enjoy it here as well as the meat eaters, noting the above.  hopefully they will assign someone during busy hours to constantly clean up the food selection area, and this establishment would move to 5 stars for me...
3	Nice environment and decent prices. There's a nice variety of sauces and meat choices. If you're in the mood for a Mongolian BBQ style meal, this is one of the better places in Madison.
5	I love this place! It has options for everyone so you can come here with vegans and meat eaters and no one goes away hungry or lacking veggies or meat etc. The bread is pretty awesome! The wait staff is always friendly and attentive. What I love the most about this place is the wide selection of sauces and veggie proteins. I also like that if you have a food allergy or want your dish cooked separate, it's so easy to put a white stick in the bowl and not have to worry about getting surprise meat in your dish (especially if you're vegetarian/vegan)
2	Excellent food but my friend and I asked for bread multiple times without receiving any. Needless to say we received very neglectful service
4	Try the red curry sauce. Roti was ok. Good service.
3	Interesting stir-fry alternative to our hometown favorite bd's. The grill is square instead of round! Pros: All kids meals were free! You don't have to stand and wait for your food to be cooked, just drop it off and it will be brought to your table when done. Many gourmet veggies like asparagus, multi colored carrots and yellow beans. Five different fake meats plus tofu. Pan fried roti. Add the right stick and they will top your bowl with melted cheese! They will make your bowl into soup or a bunch of little mu shu burritos. Cons: our server specifically told us not to make soup! There are tons of sauces but many are mystery flavors like Happy Valley and FTG. No idea how much sauce to add, it all goes directly in your bowl. Very limited spice selection. You can only fill a small second bowl with meat and fish. Shrimp is $3 extra for some reason. Watching your stir fry happen is part of the Mongolian experience. The final major downside is no soup or salad bar :(
1	Its a nice concept, you get to pick and choose your stir fry instead of having to get something on menu and pick out toppings you don't like.  That's about all that's good about this place.When it first opened, I applied for a job there at a walk-in job fair.  The guy thought I was great and told me to call him the next day at a certain time.  I did.  No answer.  Tried several times, left multiple messages and nothing.  A week later the number was out of service.EVERYTIME I have been here, the service sucks and I swear I got back less food than I picked out, and less sauce too.  I think they hire only kids on work visas and tell them not to return to a table, ever.  Even when it was slow, I have s at at a table with an empty glass for more than 5 minutes.  The servers are disinterested and if you ask for management, you just end up waiting longer.I won't ever go back to FTG, it has no redeeming qualities.
3	Great food but not a great value. This is an expensive restaurant relative to the portion size. This is not a good value compared to most Asian restaurants but it is a different experience. Food tasted great, just relatively too expensive.
3	Flat Top Grill is a Mongolian barbeque, so you pick your proteins and vegetables for a personalized stir fry.  Eat here is definitely a mixed bag.  Here is the break down:Pros:- Delicious variety of vegetarian proteins.  Two thumbs way up for going the extra mile to have the variety.-  Lots of options so everyone, from carnivore to vegetarian to gluten free, can find something.- Lots of fresh vegetables.- Try the noodles, they soak up the delicious favors.- You get what you want because you made it.- The Roti bread is weirdly addictive.  Eat it when warm.Cons:- The restaurant space is open and loud.  Fun for dinner before a show at Sundance, but not good for a date.- The restaurant has aged poorly.  The tables are damaged and the floors look permanently dirty.  Don't look behind the wok counter.  Just don't. - The staff is courteous, but their timing is off.  It can take them a while to bring you your food, so it is cold.  Or, they may leave the check as soon as you get your meal.  Or, sometime, condiments will disappear from your table.- At $13 for a single trip, it is a little overpriced for what you are getting.- Never EVER be at the restaurant when they are closing.  You don't want to watch the buffet items and sauces get dumped into bins for the next day.  Just trust me.Generally, I would say that it is a great concept that has gotten tired of keeping itself together.  Parking is in a lot across the street or next door in a free ramp.  Plan to park some distance away as Great Dane customers often fill the space.  Accepts credit cards.Challenging with children because the buffet is quite high.
5	I love Flat top grille. The buffet is always stocked with good looking vegetables. It has a great vegetarian selection as well with tofu, seitan, and other meatless options. They are always really nice and friendly as well and are great with food allergies. I love going there. Its one of my favorite places in Madison to eat.
5	DAN IS THE MAN! Dan has been my waiter for all of my visits at Flat Top and I wouldn't have it any other way! So very helpful, kind, and all around pleasant. At my most recent visit I absentmindedly forgot my wallet, we had taken the bus there and live on the near east side, so it was going to be a snowy trek home and back to pay my bill. A trek I was willing to take, but Dan wouldn't have it that way, being so kind and trusting told me I could pay the next time. I was super surprised and touched that he was willing to take mersey on us. We came to the conclusion that I could call with my credit card and pay over the phone. I got home and called, the woman on the phone was aware of the situation, and also very nice. I made sure to tip Dan handsomely for helping us out in our in our moment of panic. He has defiantly made a long time patron of me. Thanks again Dan!
4	One of my husband's coworkers had frequently mentioned this as one of her favorite places, so when we landed here after striking out a few other places on a Friday night, I was expecting a lot. Fortunately, Flat Top definitely delivered. They are willing to call you when your table is ready, so that you aren't stuck waiting in the tiny vestibule, the only real waiting area (on a cold, snowy night, it was nice to be able to wait somewhere warmer). Our server did a great job explaining the process to us newbies- write your name on a table-numbered stick, fill up your bowl with your choice of carbs, veggies, meats, sauces, select any extras, and leave your bowl for the stir fry. One of the sticks you can add is for allergy concerns. I wish I had paid better attention to the color coding system for what flavors go together, and will do that next time.
4	Very good Mongolia grill! Taste is really great , lots of sauce and ingredients that you can customize yourself ~~Love the small colorful sticks that indicated u want to add eggs, cheese, roti, etc. That's something the other Mongolia grill doesn't have :)
4	I have a strange relationship with this place almost unhealthy.So at a point in my life I would frequent this place for lunch, when I did I mastered it. So here is the thing- you need to go here for lunch.Dinner is more expensive and is nothing different. Fill up your first bowl- and take a to go box. If you take a to go box on your second bowl they charge you $4.95. Rice noodles are the way to go. 6-8 ladles of sauce is what you need. It stops the meat from frying and gives it flavor. Add an egg. Roti= malaysian paratha=awesome. Philipino sausage is damn good. If you have vegetarian friends or friends with allergy, this a good place. They cook it in a wok for them, unlike most Mongolian grills. Flattop is not an authentic Mongolian grill- it does not claim to be. Its about quantity, but with quality. Its not like fine dining quality but its good given that its kind of all you can eat. Its about having fun experiment with the sauces, don't like to experiment ask a waitress for help. Don't like what you made, get another bowl. Flattop is about the experience and its been good for me. The service is good and so is the ambiance.
3	I have been eating at Flat Top for years and it seems it has fallen a notch.  The food tastes great and I have always enjoyed getting the 1-trip option and trying to get as much food as possible.  Last week I ate there and one of the guys by the grill grabbed my bowls and some of the food fell on the counter.  Unfortunately, I was just out of luck.  I am a big fan of the bread but now it seems they will only bring one piece per person at a time.  Our service was actually pretty poor so we didn't get nearly as much of that tasty bread as we normally do.  All in all, the food tastes great, though it really was not as nice an experience as we normally have had there.
3	This place used to be much better, but it seems they recently raised their prices significantly while also making the size of the bowl you get for stir fries much smaller. I really like someone making my stir-fry for me, so I'll still drop in for a to-go order occasionally, but when I lived in Chicago (and prices were better) I used to come here at least once per week. Service for to-go orders is terrible, but the staff is generally friendly. Still, it used to be far more worth the trip.
2	I have been here three times and only enjoyed my meal once.The staff is great and the concept is fun but I just can't get into mixing sauces and finding the right combination. I almost wish they had recipe cards or something. One thing I do love eating there is the flat bread ;)
3	You get a lot for a little price and you get to choice what raw ingredient. Appetizer chicken dumplings is not with the price. It's uneven with the menu price so don't order it. The food is alright. A very good price for a whole lot of food. Variety of vegetables and sauce are a plus.  Protein collection is also decent including beef, chicken, white fish, sausage and squid.
4	Good place to have a quality lunch or dinner when you are in a hurry. We come here a lot when visiting Madison. Some changes were made lately but nothing drastic. I usually mix rice or noodles with vegetables. But the best part is a sauces selection. I am having fun mixing a few different ones for my bowl. Don't be shy - poor as much as you need. Basically it's all pick and chose here and if you are still hungry after your first bowl you can always go back to the bar and get another one. But be careful - that will cost you extra. I usually am satisfied with one. Oh! One more thing - meats have separate little bowls.
3	The restaurant has a fun atmosphere and the staff is great but it is very easy to mess up a 12 dollar meal if you combine your own ingredients poorly or don't add enough sauce. Last time I went the food made my stomach upset, going is just always a gamble and it is easy to make most of it at home for much cheaper.
5	Consistently good food, reasonable price, and friendly staff.I generally prefer Flat Top to the Huhot in town. They are the same basic concept, just that Flat Top has a few points in its favor.First, it's a bit less chaotic. Huhot is more kid friendly, but that comes at a price. Flat Top is non nonsense and you'll get in and out faster.Next, the ingredients. At Flat Top, the meats are fresh and marinated, whereas they are mostly frozen at Huhot. I can definitely taste the difference.The sauces at Flat Top seem to be designed to complement each other better than at Huhot. I have never made a bad bowl there, but I have made some bad decisions at Huhot.Lastly, the roti prata bread (essentially thick tortilla) is amazing. A couple pieces of that and your bowl will become a second meal of leftovers.
1	Not sure when they changed the format, but it is certainly a waste of money. No more self service, plain disappointing.
2	Flat top has changed their "self service" system to a "we stand behind a glass and you tell us you want system."  So basically they're now the "Subway" of "Asian Fusion"  restaurants.    They claim it's for sanitary reasons.  However, it doesn't really feel like that.  The waitress told us we could ask for more toppings when we were up there.   However, when we went up to get our food, we were hastily rushed through the line, and basically given a feeling that they didn't want us asking for more.   I also noticed they gave one girl (who happened to be quite attractive) in line more service and time to choose, while rushing every one behind her to pick and move on.  If this means I am quite ugly, so be it.  I'm not into men either.  When we came back to our table, we found two people sitting right next to our two chair table.  This may sound like a petty complaint, but the place place was very empty.  They could have seated them a table or so away.  It felt like we couldn't enjoy a real conversation with out listening out there's too.   I also noted a lot of unhappy faces from the waitstaff.  The servers morale seemed pretty low from all of this changes, and it shows in the service.  I also noticed the costumers across the room seemed pretty disappointed in the changes, and overall atmosphere.  DATE of visit:  9/5/2014.
2	So I probably go to Flat Top once a month.. not sure if that will be true anymore. So as noted by previous users in September there was a change in format. And I am not a fan but I think it deserves some explanation because I don't think it is all bad. Also it is important to note that our server said this is not necessarily permanent- it is something they are trying out. As stated earlier Flattop claims it is for sanitation reason, and honestly I can see that. Last time I went there the sauces were a MESS and my hand was super sticky. So the new format definitely takes care of that. So that brings us to the next important question: Does the new format skimp on overall food?? NO. The tray (instead of the bowl) the person uses actually allows for more carbs and vegetables. But there is a catch here- you just choose proteins and don't see how much protein is being put in your bow- and here they SKIMP on PROTEIN. Further more they got rid of the Filipino sausage- which I loved. And they were out of Curry Pakora that day which is my second favorite protein- so that is disappointing too. Except the obvious lack of protein I have other problems with the new format. It requires you go linear you can't go back and get things. Also many people, myself included just don't like asking for more of something. So if your person is skimping on the food- you might not ask for more. It also requires you to make decisions faster. You have to know the sauces now. Although, my person was more than willing to let me try things and mix things up- if there are people behind you- you feel like you are slowing down the line.  Given I  like trying new sauce combos this is a problem. So overall the experience for me is not as good as it use to be. I think I could live with it- if I was allowed to see the amount of protein being put into the bowl. But for now with the new format as it is I might not be going to flattop as often.
1	I have been here before and truly enjoyed the experience. The new format is somewhat jarring, and I don't care for it. The whole appeal of this sort of dining is choosing your own ingredients. Now, it's kind of like ordering at Subway. You point and they add it to a tray. They also did away with several options, like mu shu and hot and sour soup. Small things, really, but not for the better.
2	My husband and I would visit here 2 to 3 times a month. with the new format, I do not think we will be returning. I asked for broccoli and got two pieces. When I asked for more the guy looked at me with this really rude look and told me that I'd be charged extra. seriously??  You can't experiment with sauces because they rush you through so quickly and won't give you more than two ladles per sauce, and then they give you no protein. I'm vegetarian, and they have the best BBQ tempeh I've ever had. I get it every time. I asked for it and the guy scooped up ONE PIECE in the ladle. For non veggies, that's the equivalent of one little bite of chicken or something. I asked for more and once again was told it'd be extra. So the next ladle had a whopping two pieces in it. So I got three small bites of protein in my lunch for extra money. It was bland because I couldn't do sauces that I wanted, and it just has lost its touch since they changed everything. Very disappointing.
2	The Flat Top recently made a change where you cannot put veggies, noodles, sauces, etc. in your own bowl for them to cook.  Within the last month, they put up plexiglass, and you tell someone standing behind the plexiglass which vegetables you want and they do it for you.  That's half the fun - filling your own bowl!  Boo!!  Likely won't return any time soon.
1	Have come here many times before.  Today I learned of the new change.  Don't care for it.  It makes no sense to have someone "walk" you through a salad bar style setup.  Aside from having to manipulate the person like a voice activated puppet for each and ever thing you want added they skimp on stuff.  4 shrimp graced my bowl.  4.  The quality of the food also seems to have dropped.  They either need to switch to a menu with dish choices or go back to the old method.  I won't be coming back.  All through  my meal I stared out the window at Great Dane with longing.  They may be saving money on their stock but they will not be making any more off of me after today.
1	I used to enjoy going to Flattop however they have recently completely  changed how they operate. What was before a self serve operation where you pick all your own ingredients  from a buffet style line and they cook them has now turned into Subway. The service is incredibly slow and awkward.The staff makes you feel rushed so you never actually get what you want. Additionally , the music is so loud it's hard to and communicate with the people behind the food line. The servers claim the new policy is for sanitary reasons and imply it's some sort of legal compliance issue. It's pretty clear though this is just an attempt to maximize profits by preventing people from over filling their bowls. If it wasn't, why are there still salad bars and buffets at the grocery store? It's obvious this new policy is failing, I visited on a Friday evening and the place was dead.  You could tell the staff was demoralized and just dreaded having to explain the new policy. If the change is due to cost of ingredients  I'd be happy to pay a bit more, but what they've done here is completely destroy  everything that made Flattop unique. Unless they change back to how it was I'd recommend going to Hu - hut instead. That's what I'll be doing.
1	walk us thru the buffet?   quick reduction from 5 stars tho 1/2 in my mind.   never again
3	Flat top grill changed the service style now when we go to serve your food you are standing behind a glass separator you tell the person what you want it's like ''subway'' but with a Asian style twist. When u are in line they are rushing you they also don't pay much at tension to what there doing...The food was good also The waitress were all friendly with the customers!!l!
2	The new process is awful. Instead of picking out your own ingredients, you are served Subway-style, which makes it less customized and MUCH less efficient. When I walked in, there was a line out the door. Once I sat down, there were no sticks to identify my bowl, and the server took quite a while to arrive, so I ended up behind a group of 12. Then the new process of communicating your ingredients to staff took much longer. Additionally, they appeared understaffed (for a Friday lunch hour? That seems like a predictable rush time), so everything took longer. (This visit was well over an hour, which seems like a long time for fastish food.) Don't plan on this place for a quick lunch stop.Most staff were friendly, with the exception of the brusque rice-serving woman who seemed annoyed at her job. (Did you want me to have food allergies? Why so upset??)I used to really enjoy FTG, much more than others like it (Hu Hot, etc.). However, I don't think I'll be recommending or returning anytime soon, especially with better, local options so nearby.
1	I used to love this place but my latest visit introduced a completely different flat top experience than I have had before--for the worse. Flat top has always been about self service: you pick whatever veggies, sauces, and protein you like and then they fry it up for you--no judgement. Now, however, you stand in a line--Subway style--while they put however much veggies, sauce, and protein they see fit into your bowl. Want to taste a sauce? You still can if you don't mind holding up the line behind you. Want more peppers? Sure, just get an annoyed look from the man behind the glass. Flat top created an experience, a brand really, focused around user preference, yet now, with the line and the servers, you no longer create your own bowl as much as you rush to share your preferences with the Flat Top Gods and hope something good comes out the end.I asked one of the employees why the new experience and she told me it was because customers would spill the ingredients, which was a concern for those with allergies. Which would be completely valid if the new system prevented spilling. But it doesn't, of course, because the design of the buffet hasn't changed, only its users. And it was never a user problem, only a design problem. Namely, having three rows of ingredients, especially sauces, ensures that if you're grabbing from the middle or the furthest row you are likely to spill in a closer row. Now, in fact, because the employees stand on one side of the table they are *more* likely to spill because they never walk around the table to reach the furthest ingredients--at least some customers did that. This isn't theoretical--I watched employees spill ingredients.Completely changing their user experience wouldn't be so bad if they were a well oiled machine but they are far from it. Flat Top has a system where you put sticks in your bowl to add roti, to ensure it's cooked separately if you have an allergy, etc. In the old Flat Top, you put these sticks in yourself; in the new Flat Top you ask them to do it for you. I asked for both of the above, but for some reason the dish came to the table without roti. It would be reasonable to assume it was not cooked separately, too, if they forgot the roti wouldn't it? Wasn't this new system supposed to be all about accommodating those with allergies?Anyway, when a server came with my food and I asked for the roti that was supposed to (but failed to) come with my meal I also asked for a side of rice--something that has never been a problem at flat top and something the server said she would bring. But it never came.If flat top wants my service again they need to get their act together. If they are concerned about spilling ingredients, design a buffet table that makes that harder, don't just hire folks to take the enjoyable experience from your customers. And make sure requests from customers don't get lost in translation.I miss you, Flat Top. Please come back.
1	Very disappointed. It used to be one my favorite restaurants in the town: fresh food, reasonable price and the freedom to make my own bowl! Now they changed their system so their ppl make your bowl. AND the female server who made my bowl, on oct 26, was very rude! She was rushing and making sure I didn't get too much of the food! I'm never coming back again. I will also spread the words to my friends not to come.Ps: they charged for extra $2 for getting proteins, which I didn't know until I paid!! And this was very invisible on the menu!
3	Meh. The recent change to precooked meats ruined the texture and the fresh concept. I have been to many locations over the years. Not sure I'll be back
1	I miss the old set up. Now you put sticks in your bowl for what meat you want rather than self serve. They charge $4 for extra meat which you used to control yourself and they got rid of the most delicious protein, the sausage! Between paying extra for shrimp, extra for more meat, and extra for 2 bowls this place just makes me feel like they are nickel-and-diming you. HuHot on Junction rd it is from now on, better value with all you can eat and more protein choices for a better price.
3	The food was decent and well-made, but I don't really think I'm getting a great value.Their servers load the bowl for you, which isn't really how I want to experience what should be a buffet-style restaurant. Also not a big fan of the nickel and diming. Want meat? $2. Another bowl? Cough up the change. Extra meat? Shell out the cash.I don't control portions, yet I get charged for another bowl? Think I'll opt for a different restaurant next time.
1	If I could give this zero stars, I would. They have changed this restaurant so much to the point where I am never going to eat here again. This Flat Top makes you order your protein before you get your bowl and are not allowed to add it yourself. They make your write it on the stick that you put into your bowl, then the server takes it and touches it. This grossed me out as something that is touching my food is being touched by many more hands now. When we received our food, half of them did not have meat when they were supposed to. Furthermore they mixed meats and gave beef to non-beef eaters. When they offered to fix this, it took an additional 20 minutes for a replacement. The service was INSANELY slow. It took 2 hours for us to order, get our food, eat, and pay- WAY too long. Our server, who never even told us his name, never checked on us. He was not helpful at all and acted like he did not care about our service. This whole experience was very disappointing. I even asked for a comment card twice, and never received one. I paid $15 for a horrible meal. I am never going to this Flat Top, or any other Flat Top ever again. Learn from my experience, and do not eat here.
1	We used to go their and they one price for one trip and one price for all you can eat. WE went their recently and the waitress asked if we had been their and we said yes but not for a long time. She did not tell us that it is one time only now so we did not plan accordingly.  There were also no sign mentioning this change so we paid $13 for a small bowl of food. We dont eat meat so this is outrageous. The waitress said she would bring us rice and never did. This place have raised their prices way too much over the years, is very slow, and just not worth it anymore especially if you are vegetarian! Paid a lot and left starving
3	Overall, my first experience at Flat Top was fine. Positives: -The ambiance and restaurant cleanliness overall TRUMPS HuHot over on Junction Road. I found myself several times at Flat Top saying, "This place is so much better than HuHot."-Raw meat does not sit out at the buffet area. I liked that I had to choose the protein ahead of time through the server.-Various types of grains are available. I actually went with the quinoa in my dish.Neutrals:-The popsicle stick organization method is sort of dorky, but it seemed to work.Negatives:-Our server did not tell us that plant-based proteins were available at the buffet. We already discussed with her that we were first-time visitors, yet she only ever explained the animal-based proteins as protein options. I'd already told her my animal protein selection, and then saw later that the buffet had plant proteins.-Don't order the white fish as your protein. If you know fish, then you know a very fishy-tasting white fish is not good. :-(-Are seconds available? I wasn't sure if I could go back to the buffet for round two.All in all, my experience wasn't great and it wasn't bad. But it was definitely better than HuHot!
2	Used to love flat top, especially being able to select my own ingredients.  The new format of having to tell an employee what and how much I want of an item is annoying at best. It would be the same if a restaurant had a salad bar and you had to ask a server what to put on your plate and how much.  Also have noticed a downgrade in quality of ingredients.  For example no red peppers only free and the meat looks as if it were frozen and in the past that was not the case. It's too bad because this was one of my favorite spots to hit up before/after shopping or a movie at Hilldale Mall.
