4	Two words. Boot Game. My bladder and kidneys are permanantly damaged from the amount of beer we consumed during these games. And lord only knows how many carbs I took in eating those fabulous soft pretzels they have there. I didn't appreciate this place enough when I was living in Madison.
3	Truth be told, I usually don't hang out at the Essen Haus.  I try to go there, but it's so packed, I always end up next door at the Come Back Inn.  No worries, though.  They're basically the same.  I mean there's a door connecting the two.  Great selection of tap beers, questionable music, free peanuts, two pretzels for a buck and various glass footwear from which you can drink.
5	I've rarely been there without Mike & Jeremy (the first reviewers), and it seems we have somewhat varied opinions.  This is easily one of my top 5 bars.  If a drinking establishment can convince you that you should split 9 liters of beer among four people in just over an hour and that polka is actually the appropriate music for a bar, it must have something going for it.
5	WOW!!! I was excited when I saw this listing! Madison is one the greatest places on earth, and this quintessentially german restaurant and tavern lies at the heart of Madison's rich german-american culture.  Great german food and pints of ale are served in a rustic bavarian setting by lanky lederhosen-laden lads.  You can dance and frolic to folksy german accordian music or knock back a few swigs off the old boot with your friends- enough to make any buxom beer wench look like a tasty schnitzel!!!
5	The best place to drink German beer...hell, its a good place to drink any kind of beer!  The glass boots are a hoot and lots of fun and a great way to get your friends...friendly.  The foods pretty good too...albeit pretty heavy German-kind of stuff.  And make sure you catch the regular Polka bands!!
4	As a fun place to meet a large group of friends and drink good beer the Essen House is hard to beat. If polka is not your thing, the music can get a bit old but after a boot of drink and a few pretzels with mustard even the musically hardened can have a great time. Also where else can you go and enjoy liederhosen any day of the week? It can tend to be a bit overcrowded but that is every bar on or near campus.
3	One would expect extraordinary German food in Wisconsin, and Essen Haus disappoints.  The food was good but not excellent.  There was a live performer who demonstrated a breadth of capabilities across clarinet, saxaphone, and trumpet, but impressed on none.  Eh.
5	The Essen Haus is one of my favorite Madison memories.  The ceiling and walls are covered in bier steins and the wait staff runs around in lederhosen.  The manager is a little nuts during dinner rushes, but the Rahm Schnitzel makes up for it.  It's absolutely delicious.Of course you can't forget about the infamous boots and the wonderful bier selection they have.  Come, get tipsy and enjoy the live polka band.  Just don't get too angry if they don't play Roll Out The Barrel often enough or you'll find yourself outside looking in!
1	Talk about disappointment.  We went here last summer expecting a great german meal.  My family is German and we enjoy trying German restaruants for a taste of home.  The food was not good, the place run down, and overall gross atmosphere.  So sad.  I wish someone would come in an fix it up.  This place gives German restaurants a bad name.  Make your way to Chicago for some great German food.
4	Fun place to be, live entertainment most of the time, food pretty good for the most part. I've had better German but it's usually still real good. Great place to take a big group. Order up a boot and learn the rules of the game.
5	I cannot comment on the food, but the ambiance on a Friday night was great. There was a fun polka band, fun polka dancing, many boots of beer. A good time was had by all.
1	I like to drink as much as the next person but Essen Haus promotes binge drinking and throwing up.  The food here is beyond reproach.  With so many choices in Madison why go to some place and force feed yourself beer to the point of throwing up when you can get drinks, better music and better crowd in tons of other bars.
4	I have drunk many litres of beer here.I have drunk from the boot.The items to try:Big soft pretzels with mustard and horseradish.Their liver dumpling soup, with rye bread, an option for the entrees.Unhappily, the spiced prime rib has lost something over the years.
2	I haven't been to very many German restaurants but the few I've been to Walzwerk and Suppenkuche in San Francisco are SO much better than Essen Haus.  We ordered the Rahm Schnitzel (breaded pork tenderloin) which was ok but the mushroom sauce tasted like they had melted a whole stick of butter and poured it all over the pork!  The Jaeger Schnitzel (non-breaded pork tenderloin w/white wine sour cream gravy) had no flavor and wasn't good at all.  Both dishes came with Spaetzle (noodle sidedish) which I've never had before and didn't care for at all!The Red Cabbage side was actually kind of good and interesting.  Kind of tasted like it had beets and a little bit of cinnamon or nutmeg.I think it's too overpriced for the poor quality of food they serve.  I can't see myself eating at this place again.  Drinking beer maybe, but the food...absolutely not.
4	I'm probably one of a handful of Asian gals from Southern California who truly appreciates German culture - took the language in high school and college & have no shame saying that polka music can be pretty entertaining.  So I had high hopes for Essen Haus when I went during a recent visit since it's in the reputed capital of German culture in America.  Alas, the food was disappointing.  So why the generous four stars?  Because their festive Oktoberfest & yummy brats (for just $2.50!!) goose-stepped its way into my heart.  It's also pretty awesome that this place whole-heartedly embraces the drinking (without being drunk and stupid) culture around these parts.  Where else can you go (or at least for me since I'm in SoCal) to see a gigantic boot larger than my own calf full of great German beer?  And you can't give a place less than four stars if they have 26 beers on tap, especially my personal girly fave, Leinie's Berry Weiss.  It's also pretty damn cool that Essen Haus is bookmarked by two other bars/restaurants, Up North and Come Back In.  This was probably one of my favorite joints in Madison.
1	I have to echo what the previous person said. This place can be summed up in three words, binge drinking and polka.This is where I go, because I am a tourist and am impressed by the giant beer vessels. I recognize that this place has no character, shitty decor, annoying patrons, bad food, and cheesy music... but they have a 3L boot and, as I discovered yesterday, a 5L stein!! That's 10 pints for $50 (which by WI prices is a huge ripoff). But still, 5 liters of beer.Let's recap the evening, came, drank too much beer, danced polka, and then paid homage to the porcelain goddess.
4	Great place to go on Thursday nights.  Its packed so you have to go early but they have half price boots with popcorn and peanuts- what could be better. I've never eaten here but have heard the food isn't very good
3	Who would've thought that the best freaking wings in the world would come from a run down German restaurant in Madison??  They're kind of a fried chicken/hot wings hybrid, and they were FANTASTIC.  Other than that, the Essen Haus was exactly like every other German beer house I've ever been to.  There are lots of sausage choices, German beers on tap, and a polka band is playing.  There's a boot to pass around, and people drunkenly polka.  If this sounds like fun to you, check it out.
2	So I had planned on going somewhere else for my birthday, but ended up at the Essen Haus.  I'm only writing about this to warn ye, Yelpers, that they clearly are pretty flaky about reservations so reserve with caution.  One big "woo" to the Essen Haus for taking reservations... even last minute ones.  I arrive with my party of 15, and find 4 angry separate groups of people at the hostess stand.  In total there are three younger women-hostessess who look like they are near tears, and two men-manager-looking types who appear in charge are being gruff and yelling at customers and their co-workers alike.  I finally let them know that I had arrived and we were sat about 40 minutes after our reservation time. (One angry customer had been there for an hour and a half.)   Ugh. Thankfully I appetizer-ed up my guests beforehand.  Our service was lovely and attentive.  I am a fan of the Optimator Beer -- in fact I have had lovely drinking and polka dancing experiences during times previous.  The food was hellishly horrible.  The cod fish fry was stringy, tough, and inedible.   The potato side dish, be it fries, pancakes, or baked, were cold.  The beer and the polka are the only saving graces of this establishment.  Consume both heavily.
5	I love the Essen HausI can probably say this statement though because I do not eat here.If you're going here for the dining experience, well, I feel sorry for you, cause it does suck, and well, it isn't the reason most people are here.  The Essen Haus is good for one thing - drinking heavily, getting really drunk and dancing your ass off to polka music from the live 3 piece polka band that's there on weekends.  If that sounds like a good time to you, I think you'll love the Essen Haus too.
4	stumbled upon this place and ended up having a story to tell all of my friends. very unique decor, steins hanging from the ceiling, bartenders wearing lederhosen, and a bunch of college students drinking  beer from a boot. the night i wandered into this place i was greeted with the best polka music i've ever heard. a great time just waiting for you at the essen haus.
5	Fantastic brew pub!Excellent beer, friendly staff and incredible polka band. Everyone really seems to have a great time at this spot. I only had beer there, not their food so I can't review that.As far as their beer goes, it's great!You must drink from the boot however. ;)Great place to go with a group of friends and get drunk. You must like German style beer to appreciate.
2	Although we had a reservation, we still had to wait over an hour to get a table. But, I wasn't too surprised considering the fact that it was a Friday night and I was rolling with a party of 24. Lucky for me, I had taken Carolyn B's advice and had made sure to arrive "pre-appetizered."The food is way over-priced considering it's depressingly low quality. I seriously wonder if my wiener schnitzel is available at Woodman's in the frozen meal aisle. It was bad -- but I was hungry, very hungry. The salad was a joke, plain and simple.I would have given the Essen Haus four stars purely based on the fun "binge drinking from a boot set to live polka music" experience, but the abysmal food quality ratcheted them down a couple notches.
3	We came to this place to drink out of the boot.  And that we did.  Upon receiving our boot, I was dismayed to find that they no longer use glass boots.  They claim that too many people were making off with the boots despite the $50 deposit.  Huh...are the boots really that expensive?My guess is that one too many drunkards had to be rushed to the hospital with a broken foot and the owners decided that it would be a public service to the residents of Madison to suspend use of the glass boot and replace it with a lame plastic one.Anyways, other than the boot, we ordered some cheese curds (they weren't quite what we expected) and the reuben dip, which is just what it sounds like.  Minus the Russian dressing of course, which I still think may have been in the recipe even though the menu makes no mention of it.  I think I felt my cholesterol rise while sitting there in the bar.The polka band was playing and that was cool I guess.  If you are into polka that is.  If you are not, you would probably want to shoot yourself.  But I was into polka that night, which made it much more fun for me than if was not.  Woo Hoo!
1	This place was so dirty it made me sick.  If I would have stayed more than ten minutes I would have needed a shower.  Has a health inspector actually signed off on this retched place?
4	The food is not very good, but that's not what this place is about. It's about drinking a lot of German beer out of a giant boot in a rowdy, crowded place while listening to a live polka band. If that sounds fun to you, then you'll like the Essen Haus.
3	Remember a few things and you'll be fine:1.  Drink good German Bier2.  Dont eat (besides the pretzels)3.  Whatever you do, go when its dark so you cant see the filth4.  Drink good German Bier5.  Polka6.  Boots (although I am disappointed they went to plastic)7.  Drink good German BierLets all be honest, the place is gross.  But their beer is fantastic and the German kitsch grows on you after a boot or two.
4	Good beers and great German foods. We had to learn all about the traditions and power of the das boot! We were smashed when we left but had a great time.The steins hanging everywhere make for great eye candy.
2	Wisconsin doesn't have good German food in general, but this place has some of the worst. My impression of that one severely overpriced jaegerschnitzel dish was a dried tiny piece of cutlet with surprisingly decent red cabbage and spaetzle that tasted like fried crickets from Mainland China. The liver dumpling soup's just one giant bland liver ball sitting in there and most of their other food items aren't that great, but you really shouldn't be there for the food anyway.What's seriously redeeming about this place is the beer selection. I've had a couple European buddies of mine complain about the beer being watered down, but they have a decent selection. The atmosphere is seedy and the place can be a real dump (yes, it is dirty), but it's a fun place to take your friends on a birthday party just to laugh, drink (I've yet to try the boot), joke, and polka.So basically no stars for the food and two stars overall because of a decent beer selection (watered down by a lot) and the fun kitschy atmosphere.
4	I dined here in a group before the Billy Joel/Elton John concert. What can I say? It is what it is. A fun atmosphere with a stellar selection of German beer and hearty Alpine food. I especially liked the attention to detail--salty, fresh Dutch pretzels in a basket accompanied by a trio of mustards (sweet and hot) and horseradish. In summation, their 'wurst is the best'!
3	Good Things: 1. Thursday night half-priced boots of beer ($10 per boot) with a live polka band. 2. Free pretzels and mustard when you eat dinner. 3. Outdoor seating that isn't generally packed for dinner- even though it looks over the parking lots, at least you can be outside!4. Spill-over seating in the Come Back Inn so there is ALWAYS somewhere to sit. 5. Free popcorn or peanuts for drinking!Bad Things: 1. Dinner entrees range from about $14-20 and the quality and amount of  food does not make it feel like a very good deal.2. Very tiny salad comes with the entrees.3.  Beware of puke after midnight on Thursdays (not the fault of the restaurant but still, watch out). Moral of this review: Drink boots of beer here on Thursday nights (get there by 10pm during the school year if you want a place to sit) and never eat dinner here.
3	A bonus star for the German beer, which is really quite good.  Apparently a Madison institution, we came here on a Thursday  night.  Really loud crowd on the patio where we ate.  I loved the idea of the beer in a boot, but no one in our party was brave enough to get it (is it one of those things that you're supposed to share or just do yourself)?  My friend apparently always gets the burger when he comes and enjoys it, but the rest of us were feeling adventurous, and paid for it as well.  Not only are the entrees expensive for Madison, but they're somewhat strange and not that good.I did enjoy the free pretzels that came, but I did not enjoy the liver dumpling soup.  It's probably important to specify the liver part of it when you say dumpling soup.  I'll take some of the blame on not asking what kind of dumpling soup, but I was really expecting some sort of dough, not a ball of liver.  I had the veal, which was extremely thin and somewhat tasteless.  Gotta say, my friend's burger looked really good.  I would come back to drink, but definitely not to eat - which I suppose is what everyone else says as well.
4	DAS BOOT!!! The beer is the staple that keeps me coming back to the Essen Haus, especially with their selection of authentic German beers. Outstanding drinks and plenty of it, huge steins for little money. The huge boot is only $15 on Thursday night, so happy hour here usually turns into happy late night!!The food isn't bad, sits heavy if you're not ready of used to it though. The fish fry on Friday is pretty good too, all you can eat cod for $10 isn't bad!!
4	Very good German beer selection on tap.  Franziskaner Hefeweizen on tap is elixir of the gods if you ask me.  It has banana and clove esters, is cloudy, uses a magnificent yeast, etc. The Franziskaner Dunkelweizen dark wheat is interesting but no where near as good as the regular cloudy wheat Hefe.   The flavor balance of the Hefe is far more favorable, though some nice, medium-dark malt flavors grace the dark wheat.Food at Essen Haus is good, but not as good as I remember it being 5 or 10 years ago.  The best dish may be the Wurst platter, but the Sauerbraten and Jaegerschnitzel were good.   The red cabbage salad was very nice, as others have mentioned.  Had vinegar and sugar seasoning, and I think I tasted coriander as the spice which seemed to elude other reviewers.The warm pretzels served with different mustards are excellent if salty.  Why is it that breweries and beer houses serve really salty food?  I'll leave that as an exercise to the reader...
1	I've been to the Essen Haus four times before, and as a German, I think your food is mediocre and overpriced. But let's be honest, I'm not there for the food. I'm there to drink beer from a boot, and bop to polka music. You know this, I'm sure of it....So I'm not sure why you were OUT OF BOOTS on Saturday. Where did they go???? More importantly, WHY weren't we offered something else instead of a boot??? Our waitress kept saying she was trying to locate an extra, but 40 minutes into our dinner, I told her to get us beer NOW or we're walking out. She brought us, a table of nine people, a half pitcher of beer and small miller light glasses...  What??? Not even beer steins??? 'They're not even busy!' I thought because there were two open tables near us the whole night, but when we finally abandoned our sad dinner, we walked outside and found a line around the block! I'm so confused. Get your act together Essen Haus. You're no Brauhaus Chicago. :P
3	I'm reviewing based on experience of St.Patrick's Day festivities. It was probably about 10 pm and my husband wanted his final beer. Being that I don't drink, my choice beverage was a massive iced tea. As good as standard iced tea gets, but the lively polka music brought me back to my friend's very traditional Polish wedding. Their menu consists of meat, meat and more meat with a sighting of a Portabella burger. Meh. I was glad we ate before we came here 'cause the cuisine is not my scene.
1	If you want german kitsch, come here.  Waitresses and waiters in lederhosen, with the occasional live german band, also clad in lederhosen.  You can drink from a boot, or a stein.  Beer selection is good.  In general, a passable drinking experience if you're in the mood.But the food.  18.95 for some schnitzel.  You gotta be kidding me?!  Is there gold in there?  No, I imagine that would have more flavor.  The food is just laughably overpriced, and I'd love to meet a german person that actually enjoys the food here.
5	The Essen Haus is THE place to be on a Thursday night with a group of friends. Why, you ask? Because it is BOOT NIGHT!!!! 2L boots, 1L mugs, and the epic undertaking of the 5L mug! All of these comes at incredibly reduced prices and high quality German beers (this ain't no Heineken!) The drinking of the boots comes with certain traditions and techniques such as never setting it down on the table and always turn the boot sideways when it starts to bubble (important!). Also on Thursdays is a live Polka band, accordion and all! After 10 the bar also has a late night menu of different burgers and fries for only $3.00! So the next time you are in Madison, give the Essen Haus a go!
4	This is a great place to kick back and have a few boots of amazing German Beer with your friends and co-workers!  I did say boot...you order a giant glass boot of beer...think of it as Cinderella for men!  I also believe it is 5L of beer too. There are some rules like: Remember to keep passing it around and to never let it touch the table.  I think they made this rule, so you drink more.  This is a dangerous rule! I have never eaten the food here but I would love to try it.  This place is like going to Oktoberfest without paying for an expensive plane ticket to Germany!!!I just found out that the owner owns the hotel upstairs...which includes two free drinks for every nigh you stay plus you get breakfast at his other restuarant next door...so I will have to investigate this on my next trip here...at least the walk home would only be upstairs!
2	Ok, I didn't like this place, but my husband did.  So, split vote!
5	HOW CAN ANYONE NOT LOVE ESSEN HAUS?! I have no experience with the food, but between boots of beer and polka dancing, what else on earth matters?And if you're not in a beer-boot-mood, the other drinks are pretty cheap too.Also the bar is HUGE!
4	Pretty unique experience. Copious drinking, comfort food, and polka brings together a really odd combination of college kids, retirees, and yuppies. Yummy selection of German beers.Come with a group that knows how to play the boot passing game! It's really fun! They also have a giant stein that holds something like 3L of beer.
3	i love that there are official rules when it comes to drinking a boot.i.e. these people are my kind of people.
4	I actually insisted on going here because my husband spent some time in Germany and I wanted to have a little German experience of my own. He recommended the Jaeger Schnitzel, which I went nuts over. I'm not a huge beer fan so I didn't get a boot but I had fun watching every other table enjoy theirs. The environment was really neat. Watching people polka dance was quite an experience as well.
3	Great selection of flavorful German beers. OK German food, but I've had better sauerbraten--tasted like it had been in a crock pot a bit too long, sort of dried out. My dining companions said the same thing about their wurst plates--OK, but not great. Big, busy place, but they found a place for eight of us. Waitress was friendly and willing to accommodate separate checks.
2	The manager is a huge jerk.They have a great deal for boots on Thursday nights, and it can be a lot of fun, but we have had several bad experiences with the manager. Last week we went there with some friends and were pressured into playing the boot game (you flick the boot before and after you drink, aren't allowed to put it down, and the person before the finishing person buys the next boot). We had more friends join so decided to switch tables. I picked up the boot and a grumpy server turned around and ran into me spilling about a pint of the boot! He didn't even apologize let alone fill up our full pitcher of boot. I was able to find a towel to clean up. Our waiter, however, was very friendly and prompt. He was short and pixie-esque, and provided excellent service on a crowded Thursday night. The live polka music was fun and my friends and I enjoyed doing the chicken dance! Since we drank more than expected we decided to leave our car and get a cab home.  When we returned the next morning at 10:20 we had a ticket on the windshield for parking on private property! The police said that they would take the fine away if the restaurant wrote saying that we were customers there. When my boyfriend spoke with the manager he said there was nothing they could do since we did not tell anyone we were leaving the car there. He refused to write a letter, which would have taken all of 5 minutes.  It was a huge parking lot and there were only about 10 cars in it so it wasn't like we were preventing customers from parking.  I also think it is a a bit ridiculous that we would have to announce to the bar that we were getting a cab home, and that we would be fined for making  a responsible decision and not driving after drinking. My boyfriend's band has also played at the Come Back In (Connected to the Essen Haus, same manager) and the manager has been extremely rude to the band and our friends. Each time his band has played there it has brought in at least 40 paying customers that came just for the band, and the sass was not warranted
3	I wish I could pronounce the beers here ... This place was aite... your average beers with some german names .. Its def a to do when you come to Madison .. but it was really weird .. When I walked in I felt like I was lost in some Disneyland ride ... I must have came here on a off night there was a weird man who I think was homeless not sure was sitting there and just talking to himself... I came with some coworkers ... We finished our beers as fast as we could and left
4	I really enjoyed the crowd here -- it was a nice mix of undergrads, graduate students, professionals and older couples. Service was prompt and friendly. Also, polka is -- dare I admit -- a bit of a "guilty pleasure" of mine so the music hit the sweet spot as much the giant boots full of beer.
3	Beer, beer, beer! Beer is top notch. Everything else...food, service, liquor is second. Come here expecting to drink a beer out of a giant boot, not for any other experience. Inconveniences can be overlooked due to the general ambiance of the place. They REALLY could use some improvement with their servers, however.
5	Giant boots filled with beer, giant pretzels with cheese, live Polka music, college servers in dirndls?I can't think of a better place to act like a Deutschbag.
4	Very well done authentic fresh German dishes refreshingly not over-seasoned as either a vinegar or salt bomb. Exceptional apple strudel. Dinner was very reasonable with all full dinners ( we had leftovers) under $19 and lunch looked very reasonable at under $10.We missed the polka bands by about an hour and can report that on Sundays you get a free bottle of wine with two dinner entres. Another gorgeous rehabbed interior with lots of wood on the wall and some fascinating antique German art/artifacts. We did see some large boots of beer traveling around a table that was having a great time. We arrived pretty late on a Sunday night and were served perfectly by Alex the bar manager who we really liked. I think a perfect night would include being served the same meals AT Alex's gorgeous bar WITH the polka band. Thank you.
3	Please god, show up at least semi buzzed so you are distracted by the filth that is the Essen Haus.  Then order up a boot of beer for you and your friends.  Skip the food in general, but the soft pretzels will do in a pinch if the copious amounts of beer have endangered your stomach.the good:  their excellent selection of German beer, boots of beer and kitschy polka bandsthe bad: everything else, including the kitschy polka bands
4	Came here with my sister and a few friends who insisted I have a boot before I leave Wisconsin. The atmosphere was interesting to say the least. Filled with German knick knacks and beer steins. It's a food & pub, so plan on waiting for the dining room to clear out before drinkers only can fill it up. The night we went there was live polka, a must for any German establishment. Be thankful the lights are dim, as a previous reviewer mentioned the place is pretty filthy. It's carpeted floors and anybody knows that carpet and drunk people just don't mix. You'd think they would have learned from Waffle Houses. Countless German beers on tap. It was kind of overwhelming. My favorite is the Optimizer. I felt sorry for my group that I got it in a gigantic boot since nobody else has a fondness for thick malty (and highly potent) ales. All in all, great fun.
4	Well, my credit card statement tells me I was at the Essen Haus on Saturday.I have a blurred version of the night that goes something like this...1. Good and buzzed, Annie and friends move the party to the Essen Haus for boots. According to the credit card statement, they cost about $25 each.2. Annie wakes up the following morning, with a 1/2 eaten slice of Ian's Pizza on the nightstand.3. Annie and friends return to the Essen Haus to claim left credit cards and a Men's Warehouse sport coat (complete with boutonniere still attached to the lapel from a wedding). Oh, and to eat breakfast next door at the Come Back In.That's pretty much how most trips to the Essen Haus have gone for me, but here are some tips for a successful time here:-Don't get any food. I had dinner here once with my parents and it was awful.-Dance. Polka. Go on, get out there.-Be good to the staff. They have to handle some of the drunkest people in Madison on a regular basis.-Toe up. In more ways than one.
4	I can't comment on the food since I've only been there for drinks. Go here to drink from "das boot!" They have a great selection of delicious German beers :)
3	This place was a disappointment. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. Nothing to write home about, especially for 15+ per entree. Some highlights do include the relaxed atmosphere, live music, and free pretzels. I also do not like lagers, so that may have not been the best choice, in terms of beer, for me.
5	Came to Essen Haus with my fiance and my sister and her friends.  We went through 6 boots and had a fantastic night.  The prices were moderate, and the waiter kept refilling our water, popcorn and peanuts.  A must visit for anyone in Madison.
3	Very friendly service here - and for a large group of people, many of the members of which were slightly approaching out of control, this was pretty excellent so hats off to the ladies who took care of us.    The boots of beer are large and appear quickly for sharing.  Tasty pretzels.  The menu itself is pretty standard - I had the sauerbraten sandwich and I guess I was expecting more.  It was a lot drier than I am used to and it seems like it could have absorbed a bit more flavor.  The bread it came on was good and the breaded fries were average.  The husband had the veal schnitnzel and it seemed to be pretty much what we have at our usual place at home.   Average portion sizes.  It was a good drinking place,  though with the live band, it made having any sort of conversation extremely difficult.  The volume was probably at 14 or 15.  Worth trying, though not sure we would put it on our list of must-go places if we make a return trip.
5	Well, the beer list is hard to beat, and the great Germian food is fantastic.
5	This has got to be one the most fun places I have ever been to in Madison. It is all about the German Heritage in Wisconsin! They have live polka quite a lot. A ton of fantastic German beers and a ton of other options for you! The big Steins hung on the ceiling keep you interested and looking around. Their outside seating area is great in the summer with the nightlife of Madison. One of the most cultured and coolest places to have a new and exciting experience.
4	Great time took a group of friends there and we all enjoyed it. Many glasses of Paulander Weiss and some good German food. Loved the kraut the schnitzles and the pretzels with the horseradish dip mmmmmm
5	Fun place dine for all.  Excellent german food and of course much beer to choose from.  Don't forget to get your boot or mug.  Also have a great dinner you can work it off to some great polka music in the evening.  If you never been here you must stop.  I know you will have a wonderful experience.
4	I absolutely love the Essen Haus. I can say, with certainty, it is one of my favorite bars in madison. They have live polka music, a huge spread for seating, and a variety of great beer. Since they rely so heavily on the beer aspect of things, their other drinks aren't outstanding, but they do have a quieter, more "bar-like" side and a louder, more boisterous side. By getting into the German spirit, Essen Haus succeeds in making me smile.
3	Do you have any local beers? No, we're not a Wisconsin restaurant, we're a German restaurant.A good one, too. Certainly A-OK. S.U. had the wiener schnitzel, I had a pair of smoked pork chops. Both came with fried potatoes and sauerkraut. I washed the large portions down with a liter of their imported Octoberfest Amber Not bad at all. Wait staff is dressed in kitsch costume, beer steins and German Beer House decorations are everywhere.  We listened to a concertina player playing polkas with a recorded rhythm section. A bit jazzy now and then if you like a polka version of "Lullaby in Birdland". Still, you've got to support live music.We're told that after 9PM and on weekends it can get quite full of students. They have an interesting and inexpensive late night food menu and dance floor. We lived 10 years in Portland, OR  near a German Restaurant named Gustav's. Never went in once. Now that we're in Wisconsin it looks like we'll need to embrace a few more aspects of German culture. It's everywhere.
3	Visit the Essen Haus for the boot of beer and for the experience. Do not visit the Essen Haus for the food.As many other reviewers have already said, the boots of beer make this place tons of fun and unique. My group finished three boots.Unfortunately, I was expecting much better food than what I had. The Essen Haus food was just okay. Very much "okay." After visiting Germany on multiple occasions, I feel as though I have a good sense of what makes good German food and what doesn't. And the Essen Haus is not on my "Good German Food" list. I also unfortunately got the sense that the place overall just is not very clean. Want to have a great time drinking? Visit the Essen Haus! Skip the food.** Edited to add: Our waitress seemed a little confused when we asked for Radeberger beer, a popular German import. I found it odd that the Essen Haus didn't carry this since every other German restaurant in the states that I've visited did have Radeberger.
3	'I barfed in das boot at Essen Haus'They sell shirts here that say (something along the lines of) 'I had a boot at Essen Haus'. I would have bought TOTALLY bought one of those shirts... but only if it had my more accurately titled shirt from above.Seriously fun. Seriously sh*tty beer. Serious polka madness. Seriously sub-par service.I might be spoiled by living so close to best damn German bar ever (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-bavarian-lodge-lisle#hrid:mTbzuMp3HU-tduzdQ-_UMA) but judging from the just above 3 star average I still had an 'on par' average experience... but a boot was involved, sooo yay! + puke, because I REALLY wanted to be the one to finish it off... but that would have defo meant me barfing in the boot... which is apparently my faux pas. I love beer. I'm all for twinks, short jortsand lederhosen. And as if I even had to mention the polka... bc ya know I'm down for some squeezebox and then some, but Essen Haus, beyond being a Mad City tourist attraction, is just okay Still a 'must see' if in the area. I can't say much for the food beyond the peanuts and popcorn (imma have mayjah sodium face manana) but the beer selection is pretty much just sh*tty German "imports" and the service goes like this:Server: What do you want? You: Some kind of beer. Server: Okay. Sign for $75 deposit if you break the glass on top of the $25 bootServer drops off bootYou: finish boot (hopefully do NOT barf in das boot)Server: Another boot?You: I hate you. Server: Brings checkYou: Pay, contemplate polka-ing, but worry about puking on the dance floor and leave... amidst a batch of skeezy bachelorette parties and low budget post-cubicle hell functions. I don't hate it. I'm happy I went this one time. I'm more happy I didn't barf in the boot.
4	German food. Giant frikken beers (very good!!), giant food with saurkraut and fried shit, and german everything. German german german and very good!! I don't even remember what I ate but it was delicious!
3	The Germans do some things really well, others not so much.  War is a national sport (the division they play in, including France, Belgium, Poland, and Luxembourg,  is ridiculously easy, not like the tougher US, Russia, China league) and high-end sports cars with typical Teutonic over-engineering ("you know, the Germans make good stuff") define this European powerhouse.Beer is something the Germans do well, specifically lagers.  We sampled (quaffed or guzzled would be better words) several of their drafts, and all of them were medicine for my inner goose-stepper.  Cheese curds, found everywhere in Madison, were as good as any.Food, and romance, are not something the Germans do particularly well.  I had the brat selection, served with three different brats over a bed of sauerkraut  with some fried potatos.  Nothing really special, but as you're throwing back half-liters it almost doesn't matter.  You came here to drink.  Under no circumstances should you conquer a neighboring table.
4	Went to Essen Haus for a friend's birthday on a Saturday night and had a great time! Dancing to the chicken dance played by the polka band (per our request =) was a blast! Good beer selection, large food portions, the fried mushrooms were good and cheese curds were so-so. I loved the pretzels and honey mustard (delish!).
4	Great beer and a great place to go with lots of friends.  Loud polka music to dance to (if drunk enough) and gigantic boots filled with strong German beers.  The beer menu is incredible, just be prepared to spend a little on it.  Also, DON'T BREAK THE BOOTS!!  They will charge your card for it and it's a hefty price.
4	Went here on a trip for my friend's bachelor party and it was what a beer hall should be.  Frauleins, polka and great beer.  Didn't try much food as it was later in the evening, but being able to get a burger for $3.00 while your group is polishing off 8 boots of beer is always a winner.
2	If you're looking for a place to slam down a few beers, that's one thing.  But, if you're looking for a good German restaurant.  The Essen Haus isn't it.  Their restaurant isn't well kept up and, the inside of the restaurant is shabby.  The tables and chairs are the same tables and chairs that they were using 20 years ago.Their service is slow, their beer is luke warm, and their food is no better than average.  They could do a better job of cleaning and maintaining the place. Madison only has one  German restaurant(the Essen Haus).  And, with no competition, the Essen Haus doesn't have much incentive to change.  If anyone out there wants to start a German restaurant, it would be pretty easy to beat the competition from the Essen Haus.
3	Boots. Drinking games. Polka band. It's where college co-eds come alive and adults pretend like they still have "the moves."
4	I didn't go to the Essen Haus much in college because it was far to walk on those cold, Wisconsin nights.  Which basically meant EVERY night of both semesters, which is why I only have one memory of visiting in 4 years.  Now that I'm old(er) and have a car, some friends and I drove to the Essen Haus for dinner because one guy kept talking about knackwurst.  Note: there's a huge parking lot lot on the side of the restaurant.Unfortunately, there was no knackwurst on the menu.  A friend and I split the schnitzel with the kickass mushroom gravy.  We doubled our order of spaetzel and had side salads.  German food can be hit or miss and although a bit pricey, the portions and the quality sort of make up for it.  Also, I kind of feel sorry for the guys who have to wear lederhosen uniforms so I don't mind throwing them a few extra dollar bills.  Average cost for a plate is $18.When we first arrived we were seated in what can only be called "Conference Room B," not in the main room but in a very separate, quieter room.  We asked to be reseated and there we were, right smack in the middle of German decor of a big moose head on the wall and a stein the height of a 6 year old.  Several tables were passing around the boot.  I always thought that was a gross, unhygienic tradition.  Essen Haus is a good place to bring out of towners to see the German cultural side of Wisconsin.  So, for special nights only or birthdays because on a student budget, yikes!
5	We didn't do any essening, just a lot of drinking. Literally entered, ordered boot, drank like I hadn't had beer in years. The band playing at the time was spectacular. Even before the beer kicked in. Older gentlemen, with an Americana sound, doing ample covers of classic tunes. The drummer looked like John Malkovich, so we called them The Dirty Malkoviches. No idea what their real name is. The tables around us were friendly and chatty. Our Korean-in-lederhosen waiter was endearing. And the chanting and pounding when the glass boots were finished made for a jovial experience. Good college-town fun.
3	1 Liter Steins and 2 Liter Boots of several good German beers.  Seasonals were all Octoberfests.  Had the Hofbrau and it was fantastic.  Food is a mix of traditional German and American (think steaks and Prime Rib).  The Prime Rib was very good, cooked perfectly, and in typical German Restaurant fashion, lacked in overall seasoning.  The warm pretzels with mustard served to your table when you sit down are a nice touch.  They try real hard, but for me the food just falls a bit short on flavor, largely due to under seasoning.  The beer, on the other hand, is awesome!
4	This is a non-food review. I've had their cheese curds (ok), but that is all. My friend refuses to eat here since his friend had a less than stellar experience working in the kitchen.Anyway, the live polka music is amazing. One of the bands who plays on Thursdays is fantastic. They were playing everything we requested so we tipped them well! They have a great selection of German beers. If you've never had beer from a boot, you must do it here. Pass the boot around with your friends for a good time. They give you/you can ask for popcorn with your beer (free).Oh, and boots are half off on Thursdays!
3	Boots, polka dance, and free popcorn... Why not?Essen Haus is a good place to hang out and feel young again. If you're hungry and need a little something in your stomach before you crank up the volume, the brats they serve come in handy.
2	Went to Essen Haus for a birthday party meal last night, and as this was a last minute option, I had no expectations.Which ending up being a good thing, because it didn't deliver much.I will say, I was very glad to see they had vegetarian options. I ordered the portabella cap, and while I like mine cooked a lil more, they sandwich had great flavor. However, the bottom of the pretzel bun was so soggy that I'm surprised the sandwich didn't completely crumble. My boyfriend ordered the Deutsch sampler which had pork 2 ways and a sausage with kraut and German potato salad, The total for his? 17 bucks. I found that to be completely outrageous as the plate did not have that much food on it.My drinks were reasonably priced. I had a .5 Liter glass of Strongbow for 6 dollars which I found to be quite fair.You wanna know what was just absolutely unforgivable though? The women's bathrooms. They were terrifying! They were disgusting and one of the doors to the stalls didn't lock!And as it was a Saturday night they had live music...which made it impossible to hear anyone not sitting next to you. Not exactly appetizing when you are trying to have a family meal..I would maybe stop by Essen for a drink on a weeknight, but I wouldn't stop here for a meal on a weekend again.
4	Where else in Madison can you chug down a full boot of beer as people in kilts egg you on while pounding furiously on the tables?
3	Essen Haus is one of those places you try once for the experience, but then never have the urge to return to again. I like the atmosphere and the general decor of the bar. However, I think the beer boots are way overhyped and way overpriced. A 2 liter boot costs between $20-25, but is really only equivalent to 6 cans of beer (yes, we calculated this)...and that just doesn't make much sense to me. Plus, I was paranoid that someone would shatter the glass boot and that we would have to pay $55 to replace it...This bar is great for large, rowdy crowds - but not so great for my four-person party that was basically edged off of our table by a much larger (and rapidly expanding) group next to us. Our server gave us the option to move to another table, but really? Who is going to give up a table in the middle of the floor for one near the windows. Otherwise, I thought the live music was great. My friends had a swell time dancing up a polka storm, which served as my entertainment for the duration of the night.
5	This place is heaven! The food is really authentic and it walks that fine line between genuine and kitchy really well. Yes there's polka music and yes the servers wear traditional German clothing but it's not too much flare. The food here was amazing. Since the portions are so large, we split 2 entrees between two people. We started with beers which the server was very knowledgeable about and really enjoyed the pretzels + sauerkraut and spicy mustard that we were brought early on.The salads that came with the meal were also really great! Get the Deutch salad if you can. The carrots/beans/slaw were really different and fresh. The brats were yummy as were the accompanying German potatoes. We also really liked the Schnitzels. I didn't think I liked German food before eating here but now I love it! To finish our meal we shared the most delicious cheery strudel.Essen Haus is a must if you're visiting Madison. It's really close to the lake too so in the summer time, it's a nice meal to incorporate into exploring the area.
3	The good news is that the Essen Haus is an authentic German restaurant and beer hall. The bad news? German food isn't cuisine that attracts most foodies.  It's hearty and tastes good with bier (German-inspired spelling).  More bier, more better. This review focuses on their FRIDAY FISH FRY.  It's one of my favorite locations in madison for Friday fish.  Options include 3-piece, bier battered, deep-fried cod for $10.95 or All You Can Eat  for $13.95.  It also includes several unique options: liver dumpling  soup, salad or Deutsch salad (a selection of 4 marinated vegetables). Potato choices include Batter-dipped french fries, Potato pancakes, Baked potato, German potato salad or Mashed potatoes.  Choose the liver dumpling soup (REALLY) and the potato pancakes.  To get in quickly, eat early.  To have the most fun, go a bit later. They have live polka music on Friday nights beginning around 8pm.WARNING: FOOD IS VERY INCONSISTENT.  You'll either get a 4-star experience or a 2-star experience.  We've been going here for fish more than 10 years and this has always been the case.
4	Essen Haus- Just as I remembered it over 20 years ago when I was a student. Okay, I memories of the Essen Haus are all fuzzy with boots and pretzels. Back in town for a reunion, this was one of the 'must have' stops for us. We decided to go with the 1 liter boot because we are old and lame and the sight of the 2 liter boot gave me chills. Well, my two old friends and I managed to get through three 1 liter boots before heading out to a formal dinner. The pretzels right out of the oven were fantastic paired with the housemade mustard and horseradish. It was so nice on the patio that we decided to come back the next day for breakfast with a larger group. This time we sat on the Essen Haus porch but ordered off the Come On In menu. Bloody Mary and BLT bagel hit the spot before heading to the airport. I often think if my days in Madison over 20 years ago. Things change in life but it's nice to see that some things stay the same.
3	Pretty cool German restaurant/beer hall.  It's a really big place and they have a lot of outdoor seating. They've got 16 imported German beers on tap which was awesome and the prices were really cheap ($3.50 import pints) but they might have had a special going on  -- I went on a Thursday night. I didn't try any food so I can't comment on that, but it's a cool atmosphere to drink in. The only reason why they don't get 4 stars is the bathrooms -- they were horrible. It reminded me of the bathroom from the episode of "Are You Afraid of the Dark?" where the water zombie attacked the kids in the basement locker room of the old school pool...and if this scene isn't burned into your mind from countless nightmares....the link is below (around minute 19). But yeah, the bathrooms are nasty. Pros: ton of imports, great beer garden, cheap pricesCons: bathroom that could potentially house a drain monsterhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoi3GuxiA7A
2	The food here is massively overpriced and bad quality. You pay for the atmosphere - not even good food presentation! Average dish costs $18 and could feed 3 people. Appetizers are ALL horrible. Definitely split a meal if you get one and try to not eat here if you can and stick to the boots and beers here.
4	The building is old and historical.  Our server was friendly and pleasant.  Atmosphere was great when there was performance on stage.Unfortunately, I cannot say I'm happy about the food.   I cannot believe how gross the liver dumpling soup was.  The spicy chicken veggie soup was very tasty though.  The free pretzels came with mustard and sauerkraut -- all pretty bad.  The battered fried fish was pretty dry.  I understand that cod is naturally firmer and dryer than haddock.  But how does their fried cod fall THIS short of Avenue Bar's fried cod?    The veal wiener schnitzel was done well.  Overall I still liked Essen Haus.  I will go there again for beer and the atmosphere, but probably not just for food.
5	Authentic German food, pleasant and relaxing atmosphere, live music, varied selection of light/med/dark beers. Excellent choice!This restaurant was recommended to me by a nice lady at the Tanger Outlets in Wisconsin Dells. My husband and I enjoy good German food and Essen Haus fits the bill!I highly recommend: meat and cheese plate, kartoffelpuffers (potato pancakes), Deutsch platter, Munich platter, and the German chocolate cake. All were so delicious. My husbands family is German, so we had a good point of reference. Staff was friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Can't wait to come back!
3	Good food.  Manager is kinda of out of control and has no idea what customer service is. He really makes for a bad environment.  I really do like this place and the music is great.  Other than manager great place.
4	"Alles hat ein Ende nur die Wurst hat zwei"Translation: "Everything has an end but the sausage has two"This is one of my favorite German beer drinking songs and is a perfect song for the Essen Haus.  I have many great memories here, and some I cannot remember!This is a quintessential place to take friends from out of town no matter the age or amount of guests you may have.  There's plenty of room here for all of your friends and family.  Having lived in Germany this place is authentic.  The beer and atmosphere is the definitely the draw, but the food is decent, and live music fits the bill. Who would not be impressed with a boot of beer?  Impressive beer menu, so plan on staying awhile.  Check the website or facebook page for the polka bands.  It's still fun either way, but dancing the night away is a must if you live in Madison.Just remember to get a ride home... you'll need it!*** How could I forget to mention the wait staff are all dressed in traditional garb?***
5	You MUST visit here if you are in Madison!! The beer selection is wonderful. The German food is delicious. The staff couldn't be nicer.  And the polka bands are so much fun.  And don't forget to order a boot!!
4	Descriptive phrase: das a big boot.Came for the Boot, stayed for the Boot.Get some friends, sit outside in their biergarten or inside in the kitschy old German bierhall. Order a real German beer in a glass boot. Proceed to play the game.You'll get drunk, you'll eat lots of free popcorn, you'll laugh, you'll glub, you'll love it.
4	A little slice of Germany. The wait staff was friendly, the Schitzel delicious, and the large boot of beer is a must. Sharing the boot is recommended, but you should try at least once to finish it on your own. The pretzels and horeseradish are excellent as well.
4	For some reason I can't explain we enjoy going to the Come Back In more than our friends.  This time we decided to get something to eat at the Haus instead.  We got the pork  Schnitzel and a burger.  The pretzels before dinner are really nice.  We also got the soup of the day, which I thought was VERY good.  Some squash thing that was much better than expected. The pork was good, the German potatoes were obviously re-heated and unfortunately very dry.  Hit and miss; which was not expected at that price point.  The burger on the other hand was really good as always.  I think the burgers here and at the CBI are underrated.  I believe they have some of the best in town.  We still had excellent service and an enjoyable time.  We will be back, but probably not for the German food unfortunately.
5	Greatest bar of all time.  Drinking delicious beer out of giant glass boots AND listening to polka music? You really can't go wrong.   You should request  "She's too fat for me" because it's the best song ever.
3	The beer was the best part.  Can't help but get the feeling, either this place gets SO much traffic, it's hard to maintain, or owners are taking money out and not reinvesting.  Men's bathroom was NOT clean.
5	First time here. I am German, but I am usually disappointed with most others being too greasy. I tried a variety plate and was so surprised to be served and tasting what really seemed like my Grandmothers' pickled beets, and bean salad. She passed away about 15 years ago - and my mother and 4 aunts haven't been able to recreate their mother's beets.Just so delicious --- and the whole meal was just so excellent. My wife couldn't believe I finished it all...including Dessert.Thank you for the pleasant memory of my Grandmother!Of course - no one has ever been able to recreate my mother's Bavarian Chocolate, Rum Chocolate Cake. But I think the Essen Haus should try....
4	We had a great time here. Loved the ambiance and the cheerful wait staff in their German outfits (and traditional clothing can turn tacky REAL quick but not here) Loved the pretzels to start and the food was all around really great, everyone at our table was happy. I enjoyed the drink menu and the fun polka band playing in the background. My only qualm was that I ordered the meat and cheese plate served with "gourmet crackers". My gourmet crackers turned out to be a basket of individually packaged saltines. Now, I love me some cheese and saltines but that wasn't what was described.We'll be back!
1	Do not order the all you can eat cod fish fry . Its horrible it was cold and mushy so I sent back and it came back the same terrible! My wife ordered  ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel it was was cold when it came they also brought it back I suspect they just microwaved it . The server was apologetic and didn't charge for the cod. Very disappointing!!
4	I've been here a bunch of times and have always had a good time! It's a much different atmosphere than most places I go in Madison, but that's what makes it fun. There's usually live music and some older couples dancing. I've never seen Essen Haus crowded, but there are always people there. The busiest I've seen it is during Stein Club on the 2nd Wednesday night of every month. Even then, though, the main dining room is pretty empty.The best thing you can do here is get a boot (or 2 or 3) and share with your friends! Two of the times I've been here we were able to get some free t-shirts (1 shirt for every 3 boots finished) and we're up for the challenge of trying to get another.This place is great for big groups or small groups (last night I came with 3 friends and played cards while sharing a boot). It's fun for just drinking or a heavy meal. On Thursday nights, boots are discounted. Not sure about other specials.
4	Great, authentic German food. Excellent service. My one and only complaint is that there is no reason at all why the polka band needed to be amplified so loud.
4	Thursday nights are the best at the Essen Haus. With cheap 2 liter boots and abundant space, this restaurant creates the perfect atmosphere for large groups to hang out and drink good beer. My friends and I have been here on many occasions, and I have enjoyed each one. I wouldn't say the cuisine is the best (the cheese curds are pretty good though). It's pretty standard fare as far as the reuben, schnitzel, and other German foods go.The beer is where this place shines. Feel free to bring a deck of cards for Euchre or just hang out. After drinking 3 boots, you get a t-shirt. Like I said earlier, this place is great for large groups. They have multiple booths that have space for groups of 10+ people. Everyone is always in a festive mood and willing to spread their spirit to other people in the Essen Haus.Be prepared for the chicken dance song though. I heard it at least 3 times the other night.
3	Go for the beer and polka but skip the food!   Also, Maifest & Oktoberfest are always a good time!Anyone who has been in the restaurant business or worked there knows the owner is notoriously cheap!  Every penny is squeezed out and not much is ever re-invested back into any infrastructure updates. Although in the recent year a new floor was installed, the place just seems really dirty. Things on the wall have a thick coating of dust and cobwebs and it's very dark.  The bathrooms are ancient and there is a smell of sewer when you walk into the restaurant.   The food is expensive and as for being authentic German flavor, there is lots of room for improvement.  We are in Wisconsin so there are a lot of German restaurants here however, Essen Haus in the only one in Madison with this large of a German menu. Go outside of Madison and you can definitely find better. The best reason to go to the Essen Haus is to enjoy the beer and polka. Great selection of seasonal beers and who doesn't like polka? It's the best thing there!  Also, their Maifest and Oktoberfest  events only get better each year! They put up tents in the parking log and have great out of town bands who play great German music. It's definitely a day of fun. We also appreciate the events being family friendly!
5	They have Hoegaarden on tap! Aside from the amazing beer selection, everyone is super friendly and the atmosphere is amazing. Don't forget about the boots! If your party drinks 3, you get a free Come Back In t-shirt!The late night menu is superb as well (Burgers+Fries or other snacks for only $3!)
3	If you have a burning desire to drink beer while listening to polka and being served by lederhosen-clad bartenders, Essen Haus is is the place for YOU! As for myself, well...it wasn't quite my scene. A lot of yelling, "WHAT?" to my S.O., unpleasant stickiness on the bar, and what-not. The pretzels are the perfect foil for the beer--well worth it for 50 cents. But overall? Meh.
4	I'm a little ashamed to admit that I've lived in Madison for five years and had NEVER been to the Essen Haus until this week. I feel like I've been living a lie.First thing's' first: lederhosen. All of the male bartenders and servers wear them and it makes everything good in the world. So much man leg.BEER. Huge steins full (half a liter) for $4.50. You can go and get pretty sloshed for under $10. If that's not economizing, I'm not sure what is.Live polka music. Nothing puts me in the mood to party like a little accordion action. Survery says: Essen Haus is probably not the place I'd go every week, but the next time I need some old time-y German fun, I'll totally be back.
3	Oh man.. I really wanted to give it a higher rating but the food was so disappointing! I came here with a group of friends on Friday night for dinner and drinks. Almost all of us got Friday fish fry. The fish was soggy and way too salty! It also tasted like they've been in the freezer for way too long coz the meat did not taste right They also had various types of potatoes.. and I got the potato pancake. It was pretty average. The one thing we all like is the pretzels they gave you before the meal! The sauce that go with it was perferrrrct. Almost like a wasabi mustard taste. Idk. I want to try some real german dishes next time and see if there are any surprises. On the other note, I did like the beer. I mean you get a 1/2 L for $5 or sth.  I got spaten lager..little hoppy, little sweet and really refreshing. I would get that again.
4	Went there on a Friday night in March and had a blast. The band playing retro German music was the highlight. Good beer selection and kitchy waitstaff in "lederhosen" (used loosely here) were fun. Go for the atmosphere, not so much for the food...
3	I'm so torn about how to rate the Essen Haus. I've been there twice this spring, both times with my family. Both times were for live music and drinks, but we only had food the second time.The atmosphere, in my Wisconsin-raised, German-American opinion, is SUPER FUN! I love polka, my mom and dad love polka, and I love to drink beer and dance around with them. It's also super fun to take your family somewhere where you know they're having a blast. Service is pretty good too, at least in my experience.However, in my Wisconsin-raised,German-American opinion, the food is just not very good. In fact, it's kind of awful.So, as most people have said, skip the food and go for drinks and dancing only. How does this translate into a star-based rating? Well, the atmosphere is a 5, and the food is a 1, so how bout we call it a 3? But really, bad food aside, the Essen Haus is so. much. fun. And, like it or not, the musicians that play in the Essen Haus's featured polka bands are devoted to their art and extremely talented musicians! Maybe you have to be a native Wisconsin-ite to truly appreciate it though.
3	Came here with a rather large group after my college graduation. We had made a reservation for 6:30, but because the place was so packed we weren't seated until about 6:45. That was okay though, we had been served lots of beer so we didn't mind too much!Service was good. Very fast and you could tell the servers were working very hard to keep their tables happy. We also ordered a boot (of course) which was super fun. I'd definitely come here again just to get some more. The food was meh. It was way more expensive than I expected, and way more expensive than it was worth. I ordered the wiener schnitzel and it was cooked well. I could have used a bit of sauce with it though. The potatoes were also pretty bland, definitely needed more seasoning. Others at my table enjoyed their food too, but no one was wowed. So definitely 2 stars for the food, but 4+ stars for the ambiance. This place definitely takes you to Germany. It's very fun. Unfortunately the polka band started right when we were leaving but I can see how that draws people in. I will definitely be back some time to drink some boots and listen to some music! I will probably skip the food next time, though.
1	Came here for my college graduation.  My parents remember coming here 25 years ago and having an amazing Prime Rib.  Well much to our dismay they ran out of prime rib at 7:30 pm.  Anyway, we got the German dishes that took literally 2 HOURS + to come to our table and our waitress kept apologizing.  The food was HORRID, NO FLAVOR at all and was almost cold.  I can eat anything and this had no flavor!! Besides that, we complained to the waitress only to get that they would give us free dessert for the wait/it being cold.  We left the food (we never leave food at a restaurant) and took the desserts to go.  The next day, I tried the dessert- again TERRIBLE and threw it away.  Basically, NEVER COME HERE FOR FOOD!
3	Wide variety of German beers to choose from. Bring all your friends and pass around das boot.  Take a break from drinking games to polka dance as the live band plays "She's too fat for me."Come for the drinking experience, but stay away from the food. I'd rate the food 1 or 2 stars.
2	Disappointed :( It was dark and dirty. The bathrooms were disgusting. There were small nats flying around and the food was blah.  Our waitress was very nice and the over all service was good, it was everything else that was blah.
4	This place is AWESOME.  Love the beer and foods!  The only reason why I gave it a four star instead of five is because they are understaffed on Friday and Saturday nights but the ones who are working do a terrific job considering their workload.Basically, this place can be summarized as DASSSS BOOOTTT
4	Run by a Fascist Eeyore, but that totalitarian grump grows on ya!Food a total sideshow to the beer for the most part, but seriously, what else do you need while watching Madison's classiest babes dance to polka music and inebriated customers sing raunchy Boy Scout lyrics (along the lines of "There was a man from Eau Claire...") beyond pretzels and dollar burgers that probably set the management back 5 cents?I won't deny it.  The Essen Haus is a very strange place.  One of the strangest.  You have to have a certain sense of humor to even walk in the door.  But for all its faults, at least it doesn't try to be some pompous yuppie brewpub.  It is peculiarly and idiosyncratically Wisconsin in all its tacky, bizarre glory.  You will not find it elsewhere.   Alas, it is also part of a dying breed.  This is not what the dot-com start-up generation gets involved in when they create a restaurant.  The world will be poorer when a tasteless generation bulldozes it into Lake Mendota.  And that is cause for an adorable 64-ounce glass boot of teardrops.My advice is:  feel sorry for the servers, leave an extraordinarily liberal tip, and only go on the weekends.  The mid-week polka bands are for that handful of old farts who saunter in.Also haunted....  The bouncer gave me an upstairs tour once.  This vast, sprawling building -- part misbegotten compound of greed, part bed-and-breakfast, part beer hall -- is one of the oldest buildings in Madison and was apparently a whorehouse in antebellum days.  Ask to see the amazing storage area upstairs:  basically a museum of the vanishing Midwest.  Boxes full of dead men's steins, paraphernalia of the old immigrant drinking clubs, the decor of "Are You Being Served?", and local ghosts.... The bouncer and I both felt a strange chill and heard weird stuff going on in the walls up there.  We bolted down the stairs.  The veteran bartender agreed that he had heard and seen weird things upstairs for years.The 2-liter glass boots are a ginormous bacterial infection waiting to happen.  But good, solid American fun.
2	My boyfriend's family dragged me here for a Thanksgiving dinner a year or two ago. It wasn't very good. The food was dry. I don't really like the feel of it either. I much prefer the Comeback.
3	You take the good with the bad at Essen Haus.If you want a relatively authentic German gasthaus experience, this is probably the only option in Madison. The food is pretty authentic German fare, if truly mediocre at best. The drinking is the real draw. If you stop here with some friends, order some boots and have a blast.The lack of 4 or 5 stars is based solely on the fact that the other prevalent factor here is the general stench of urine, vomit, popcorn, and stale beer. No self-respecting German would ever run a place that was not fully "in ordnung."But once you are drinking and have a few boots of Spaten under your belt, you won't really give much of a damn.
5	This was the total package; rare beer, rustic charm, rabble rousers in the corner enjoying der stiefel and friendly regulars at the bartop. A Polka band was tearing it down with all ages enjoying it. Most importantly, excellent schnitzel served by an expert tour guide behind the bar. Thanks for the great experience Phil! Anytime I am in WI I will be back due mostly to your service.
1	Our first time there was not pleasant. We both had clam chowder, the fried cod, and parmesan fries. The clam chowder was chewy... The fish was soggy and cold... The fries were decent.  The service was poor... Tried a beer and did not like it, told the waitress and she did not care nor take it off our bill. The atmosphere is not for us. Will not be going back.
3	We went here just for the German beer and not the food. It looks like what I think a German beer hall would look like. Every spot on the walls to ceilings if filled with collections of salt in pepper shakers to beer tap handles. It's dark and woody with cafeteria style chairs and tables which is not authentic. It's two rooms sit side by side with a bar in both. It's old looking and not the cleanest with over flow stuff stacked on chairs and tables. It has flat screen tvs that can be seen from any seat you are at.the beer was good and served in large heavy glasses. It's a bar version of house on the rock with all the various collections. I would go here for a German beer experience.
5	The chicken snitchel was the best! We got a combo to try weiner chicken and pork chop ...next time I will get just the chicken snitchel as the flavors were amazing!! We also started with the beef vegetable soup...took me back to my youth in England. Very authentic. The service and atmosphere was great too!
4	I went here & only had drinks.  They did have a good selection of beers on tap.
5	Good food, great beer. My family has been going here since 83. It's a Madison lamdmark
5	I remember very little about my trip to the Essen Haus except that I paid for quite a few boots and partook in the experience with gusto.I have vague recollections of dancing to polka music with beautiful ladies, eating deep fried cheese curds (or something like that) and all in all having a great time.The bar staff were friendly (and encouraged us to enjoy our boots), I don't remember leaving - I know that part of me never will.
4	Had a blast here! Ended up meeting a few friends here to start off our night.. let me just say I've never been to a German bar but I'm happy to say I have now! Met our group at a table by the dance  floor and stage, and they already had a boot going around the table. First time drinking out of a boot, and I made the mistake of setting the boot on the table.. oops. Our group ended up getting 3 boots, I ended up watching people poka dance, as well as me getting dragged out to the dance floor to poka dance. I'm sure it was entertaining. Over all, a fun time at Essen Haus!
4	For event spacing it's a good decent size to host your corporate functions or launch events. Both sides as you walk in have bar areas. A main large stage in front for the live acts or demonstrations. Both sides of the floor have elevated VIP sections witih couches and tables. A second floor terrace also provides a bar area with a large amount of space for private VIP tables. Bathrooms on the main floor are a bit of a tight squeeze and lines can be long. The space is in the far west side of chelsea with no close by mass transit which is kind of a pain.
