5	Love this place.  Each time I've gone here, I've had my repairs done literally within minutes (broken front screen - iphone 3gs and shattered glass on back of iphone 4s).  Super affordable too. And great accessories.  Would highly recommend to anyone that has apple products that need repair.
5	Everyone There is knowledgeable about the iPhone! They have fixed 6 of my iphones for the last year, I'm clumsy, what. They are reliable and trust worthy. Check them out for your next iPhone repair or you want to customize your iPhone. They can do everything!
4	Very fast and friendly service. Dropped and smashed my iPhone 4. Martin was able to repair in about 30 minutes. Its like new again, also bought new sturdy case. Nice selection of accessories. Located in the Urban Bean plaza - something to do while you wait, although their sitting area is just as comfortable. Support local business!
5	Love these guys! Ryan is always very helpful, friendly and expeditious. My kids have been hard on their iPhones, and AZ iPhone Repair is the perfect solution for cracked.shattered screens, re-facing and personalizing iPhones and more. I highly recommend their services. The cool thing is ... if your iPhone is under warranty, they will send you to Apple and advise you on what the issues are in advance. Apple has limitations to what it will fix, and AZ iPhone Repair is a great alternative for many who would not be covered by their carriers or Apple - and would be stuck paying out of pocket to replace their phone, if places like this did not exist. Two thumbs way up!
5	I recently dropped my iphone and shattered the screen. I was extremely bummed since I have no insurance on my phone. Luckily for me I looked up iphone repair on Yelp and found AZ iPhone Repair. I went in to get my phone fixed and was surprised to see all the different color options that were available. They also carry cases and accessories for less than most places. They guy working was friendly and also very knowledgeable. I have no doubt I will be back even if it's just to get some bling for my phone. If you have a problem with your phone or just want to make it unique check this place out. You won't be sorry.
5	Thank you.. I was so bummed when I dropped my iPhone last night and the screen completely shattered.  I asked some of my apple infatuated friends what to do.. They said make an appointment with a genius.  First of all Apple will not tell you how much they charge for a repair.  You have to make a genius appointment for 2 days out, just to find out the cost.  After researching online, I saw it would cost $150-$199.  No thanks apple!So I googled, and yelped..  Found this place conveniently located on 7th St & Osborn.  Checked out their website, saw screen replacement for the 4s was $75.  Texted them when they opened, they said to come in and they could replace it.  I went in, he was finishing up a customer's screen ahead of me (10 mins).  I saw his wide array of colors, and decided to go with red (only $25 more), and he fixed it in 15 mins.  I paid, and was back to work in less than an hour!No more shards of glass in my finger tip!  Thank you for the quick, resonably priced, fix!
5	I almost cried when I dropped my 7 day old iPhone 4S in water then I tried all the at home remedies with no success. Thanks to AZ iPhone repair it has been working perfect, even after the complete submersion. Don't wait they can fix it!!
5	Please do not listen to this P.J.J dummy who rated these guys a one star. You go to a place like this because apple overcharges for these kind of repairs. These guys are fast, knowledgeable, and professional. I'd recommend them to anyone.
4	I am an android fanboy.  There.  I said it.  I have never wanted an iPhone - until I went to AZ iPhone Repair to resuscitate my S.O's smashed phone.   The number of options made me jealous.  You mean that I could have a green iPhone with a sparkly button?  All at about $25 more than my insurance?  Yes, please.All in all - it took about 20 minutes, and he had the coolest iPhone in town.
5	In and out no problems, my phone was fixed, couldn't be easier.
5	Last night i shattered my screen at the club and the bartender there recommended I go check out AZ iPhone to get it fixed. When i got there i couldn't believe how many accessories and options they had! I decided to get the glow in the dark front and back and it looks amazing! Couldn't be happier thanks so much!
5	I tried to fix my iPhone myself but damaged it instead. I read about AZ iPhone repair and the preceeding reviews and decided to give them a try. I entered the store half expecting them to eye my collection of parts and screws and kick me out, but instead Anthony was happy to help and for a very reasonable price. He fixed my phone in around twenty minutes and it works perfectly. I will never attempt to fix my phone again, these guys are experts and professionals and I wish them every success.
5	Awesome place, fast and friendly service. They have a great store as well with cases and a bunch of other accessories for your iPhone.
5	I dropped my iphone and shattered the front screen, and wanted to get my boyfriend's ipod touch checked out (it was thoroughly ruined at another "repair" company). My iphone was fixed in less than 15 minutes, and works great now.
5	Resurected my daughter's 4s.  Everyone thrilled.  Verizon wanted $200....$47 later daughter is reconnected.
5	Best iPhone repair shop in Phoenix. Lowest prices, fastest service. Wherever you live in the valley, it's worth repairing your iphone here.
5	These guys are great.  I was very skeptical of the 3rd party cell phone repair places that usually charge far too much.  I called around and this place had the cheapest prices on glass and LCD replacement.  My iPhone was fully functioning but had what looked like water spots behind the glass from getting rained on while camping.  I stopped in and 10 minutes later I was out the door, good as new. I had also picked up a screen protector while I was there, that I completely botched while putting it on because the directions on the package were pretty much nonexistent.  I brought it back and he replaced it and applied a new one for me without me asking... great customer service.  I should also add that they have one of the best selections of cases, screen protectors, and accessories I have seen, which is far better than ordering online and having it be a crap shoot what you get.  The prices were also very reasonable on all of their accessories.  It's easy to write bad reviews, but these guys were truly great, and they way more service oriented businesses need to be.
5	Donald has been great to work with. His turnaround time is quick and his prices are more than fair and he knows his s**t
5	I don't normally write reviews but this place is awesome! I broken screen last night on my iPhone and thought it was going to cost me $200 to get it replaced at the Apple store. Instead I kept googling and found this place. $100 and 10 minutes later it's good as new! Thank you for saving me $100!
5	I dropped my iPhone 4 accidently shattering the front and back screen. I was so upset because I did not want to buy another phone or have to worry about transferring everything over to a new phone. So I began looking around to see if it was possible to replace the glass. I was in luck! I found AZ iPhone Repair! They carefully took a part the phone (which I didn't think was possible), and put a brand new front and back cover...AND new a LED light for just under $100. I was literally in and out within 10 minutes. Not only do they do glass/led replacements on iPhones, they do so much more. Their website was so helpful and is very upfront about their pricing!!!! If you need your iPhone fixed, I would strongly suggest going to AZ iPhone Repair!!!
5	You're my boy blue! We had a totally shattered iPad screen. I called him just before lunch and asked could it be done today. He agreed and I dropped it off shortly thereafter. It's a Friday and I jokingly said, "hope you can finish before happy hour." We'll he did it! Had me all fixed up and ready to go before 5. I got lucky on the time, but he would have had it done before closing. Nice guy, rock star service what more could you ask for. Also bought a cover for my iPhone 5, they have more choices than the legal law allows. USE THESE GUYS! You won't be sorry.
5	Great service here. It's a small place and has a lot of parking. Cost me $100 to get my iphone glass replaced.
5	Awesome service, great prices, tons of fun covers and other phone accessories!! these guy's!!!
4	Great place with lots of iPhone parts and accessories.  They fixed my power button on no time.
5	So let me just start by saying I adore my iPod and I use it all day at work..at the gym..while I play video games..taking a shower..taking a dump! I love my iPod! So when I dropped it off the top stairs at the gym and it hit the bottom concrete floor, I almost died! It still worked, but the front cover, back cover and inner LED screen took a pretty nice hit. I dealt with it cuz I didn't have $250.00 to buy another one and it sounded fine..it was just the screen that really was messed up though I could still read the info. Well this morning I got up and the screen was completely jacked to where I could no longer see anything to navigate the menus. So I talked to my old friend the internet and he guided me to NexTech Repair. I checked the website and figured the cost would be about $100.00. I consulted with my close friend Yelp and was advised these guys are pretty decent so I gave it a whirl. I walked into the place and its just this kid who happens to be the owner. He checked out my pod and he said it wouldn't be a prob. He gave me a discount because I was getting all 3 main components replaced and the back cover was actually used. He was done in about 20 mins and and it only ended up costing $55.00!! I would definitely recommend this place to all who are in need!
5	Dropped my phone last night, ran over there on my lunch hour, in and out the door in 20 minutes with a new screen with a warranty!
5	I had a great experience here. Very quick repairs and they do an excellent job. Price was best of anywhere around, and I will be sure to take my business here for any future repairs I may need for my apple products! Can't wait til they fix computers!
5	They were able to replace my charger port in my iPhone 4S in a matter of minutes!  They have great pricing on repairs and accessories too.  Warranty on all products.  I will be telling everyone with an apple product about this place!
5	SO LET ME TELL YOU HOW AWESOME THIS PLACE IS!!! AHHH sooo I'm super clumsy and I have an iPhone 5. If you know anything about Apple, if you don't have the "Apple Care Protection Plan" on your device, you're screwed...Soooo about a month ago, I visited this iPhone repair shop called "MacMedia" in Scottsdale, they charged me $150 to repair my iPhone screen but did warn me that some of the features may not work again properly (camera, speaker, etc...) so yup, when they were done, my front camera and speakers were non existent. Whatever, at least I have my phone right? Wrong..About 3 weeks later, I had a traumatic experience when I dropped my poor phone again and the screen shattered...again. Sooo TODAY I called nextech and they offered to fix my screen/LCD for $99! What the eff, this is awesomeness! So I drive down there and my phone was fixed in 10 minutes. Literally. He sat there and fixed it at the front counter, right in front of me. Pretty epic. They also have LOTS of phone cases for super cheap for all of your Apple devices. I love it. Anyways, my total with screen repair and a phone case was $119.00....AND he fixed my front camera and speaker for no extra cost! I highly recommend this place for any type of device repair, they're super professional and quick and inexpensive! Hopefully I will only be back to purchase accessories and not another screen repair though..
5	Got a quote for a dead top power button on my iphone 5, went in there and was told it would take about 45mins.  Went with the kid to the park and 1hr later, my phone was done.  They have a warranty for 90 days, so unless something were to happen from now until then, 5 stars no problem.
5	iPhone 5 decided it was going to take a nose dive and yeah it wasn't pretty. Glass was everywhere. Called around a few places and the price, time of repair, and reviews are why we went with this place. You can't go wrong here. Travis knew what he was doing and did replaced the glass while talking to other customers. Hopefully, I never have to go back but I will if my phone acts up again. Also, they do a lot more then just glass repair for apple products. Give them a call!!! Thanks
5	Lifesavers! My iPhone suffered some water damage when my toddler decided to hold it under running water as I was filling her tub.  I immediately turn it on to see if it worked... which I guess it a cardinal sin!  Always turn devices off when they get wet.  After turning off, I put in a bowl of rice overnight.  Next day it worked fine but decided to take it in just to be safe.  Thank goodness I did!  When Nextech opened it up, the iPhone was full of water inside.  The tech dried it all out and kept it over night.  Cleaned out the corrosion which was already occurring and then charged me a whopping $13 for the cleaning.My phone has been working great ever since and I will be keeping their number around for when I have another phone emergency.
5	What a great experience! Great price and great work! So many accessory options my head almost exploded! Get it colorized and you only pay 20 bucks more! They are done in ten minutes! I know where I'm sending people now! :) so happy and my phone looks beautiful!! Thanks!!
5	Phone was fixed in less than 15 minutes. Easily the best customer service I've had all year.
3	I was able to get my phone fixed the same day. I have had issues with my phone since getting the OEM screen put on. While he explained to me that the swipping may not be as smooth as the original phone, I feel like my phone is now possessed. It does what it wants and I can just swipe my hand over my phone and it will write emails, make calls, and open up random apps. I have to constantly turn my screen on/off to make it go back to "normal." Very frustrating!
5	I came here to get the glass replaced on my iPhone. The 5 star review set a high bar and they totally delivered! I waited while the tech finished the customer before me, about 15 minutes. He took about 20 minutes to fix my phone and helped me choose a new protective case. Under $100 for the fix and the new case and I couldn't be happier with the results. 5 stars from me. These guys are too notch!
5	Great place, I highly recommend!!! I got both my iPhone 5c and iPad 2 for right around $250. Excellent customer service and fast repairs.
5	I dropped my phone off of the counter and the back cracked (my case was charging) I brought my phone to Nextech yesterday, and 3 minutes later: BAM! amazing- fast- awesome.
5	I went to Nextech after dropping my iPhone 5 and shattering the screen. I got the screen fixed and bought a new screen cover. Service was fast and courteous, pricing was competitive, and quality of work was great! The screen cover didn't adhere correctly (because of the cover itself, not the tech) and there was a bit of air across the bottom of the screen. It is almost unnoticeable, but the tech offered to sell me the screen cover at cost instead of the sticker price. Hopefully I won't need to get the screen replaced again, but if I do, I'm definitely taking it back here again!**update- when I tried my phone later, the sound was low. I took my phone back to the tech, who replaced the ear microphone for no charge. Great service!
5	This place is great! The care and effort taken to repair the screen on my iPhone 5s was incredible. The prices were reasonable and the selection of accessories was second to none! I will be going back anytime I have any future self induced problems with my phone.
5	I am so glad I found this place!! Extremely fast and we picked up a second charger at minimal cost--I will definitely be back!
5	Great place! Great customer service! Took my dads Galaxy S3 to get fixed. Kind of pricey but what can you say when you're buying a device worth 600 dollars.
5	Just ask yourself a couple of questions.When was the last time you went to any store, anywhere, and you were treated with honesty and friendliness? A forthright answer to not feather their pillow.When was the last time someone did work for you (took apart my iphone, evaluated the SIM slot, cleaned some terminals and re-assembled the phone) for nothing?No wonder they have so many 5 stars. They stand above all others. I am amazed.
5	Great place.. In and out in 20 minutes with a new front glass and power button from my iPhone and it was repaired perfectly like it never happened. The two guys working there are very knowledgeable and know exactly what they are doing. I will definitely go back if my phone takes another suicide jump.
5	Had a phone that kept dying at 30 percent and tried every trick in the book to recalibrate it to no luck. The Apple Store offered to replace the battery for double the price and a week worth of time. No thanks! This place was able to do it in less than 30 minutes was friendly and now I am happy.
5	just got  my phn all fixed and pretty from the new scottsdale store and wow there amazing fast and great prices will always come here for sure !
5	Look at the 5 star reviews, there is a reason for those.Mine is a typical story, cracked iPhone 5 screen, went in to check it out. Talked a bit to the guy behind the counter, very knowledgeable and told me the big things things I wanted to hear: the parts are OEM original Apple parts (not cheap knockoffs), he could do the work quickly (it took 10-15 minuteswhile I waited as he wasn't busy) and the price was right (waaay cheaper than Apple and maybe 15 dollars more than the non-OEM kit I could get off Amazon and do it myself with). Chatted while he did the repair (nice guy), done in a flash, new screen looks and behaves exactly like my old screen for a fraction of the cost, AND he put on the very affordable screen protector I got there for me so I didn't screw that up. Honestly, you can't do better, quicker, or cheaper. It's a no brainer.
5	Cody was very friendly and was really quick about getting it fixed and I'm so happy I finally I got it fixed.
5	OMG this guy is absolutely amazing I called him to make sure that he could fix my phone and I drove down and he was done within 10 minutes. My phone screen is crystal clear everything works just the same I would recommend this guy and this company to anyone hands-down.
5	this place is amazing! Way cheaper then other ones around, super fast service, super super fast! Love my new fancy bejeweled home button! for just $30some bucks :) very professional
5	This place is the best for repairs and customization in the Valley. They've helped me with all of my iphone problems and made my phone super pretty! The customer service is great, they're very fast, and affordable. I definitely recommend, I know I'll be returning in the future.
5	I brought a broken iPhone in last year, he fixed in less than 15 minutes,  looks brand new. Great work, highly recommend,  awesome price for the job. Everyone else I contacted in town wanted almost twice as much for the same repair. Again, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	Wow!  What an incredible experienced!  I shattered my screen and couldn't even get an appt. at the apple store.  I search around and found this place.   With all of the stellar reviews, I felt very comfortable checking them out.  They still managed to impress me.  Cody was there working with another customer.  He assessed my situation and was honest about the wait (which was all of 10 minutes).  Then he fixed my phone in 10 minutes.  He talked with me the entire time, was very pleasant and extremely professional.  And now my phone looks and works great!  Thank you Nextech!!
5	Called at 3:45 to see if there was a wait to get my cracked iPhone 5 screen replaced... No wait! Got there 10 minutes later and my phone was fixed ten minutes after that! Service was incredibly fast and this review can be written now without little sharp shards of glass cutting me to ribbons! :) MUCH less $ than going to Apple for the exact same parts and repair work. HIGHLY recommended... Check in on Yelp and get 10% off!
5	Perfect repair at the best price! I used a customer for my last repair and within a year I had a problem. This time I needed somewhere close and reliable, so I used Yelp to find the right shop. Nextech showed me why my previous repair didn't last, replaced my screen and sold me a solid protection case for less than $110! It doesn't get much better than that! Great job Nextech - my daughter will be there tomorrow with her iPhone 5!
5	Great Service, super fast about 15 min to change my broken screen on my iPhone 5 and replace the camera.  I look around for the lowest price and I found it here.  Will come back for all my needs.
5	Great price and fast service. The manager was very helpful!!!
5	This place is about as good as it can get. I walked in during my lunch hour without making an appointment and, after about two sentences of conversation (showing the gentlemen my cracked iPhone 5S screen and settling on a price), he got to work. It took a VERY quick and easy 10 minutes and the price was right ($97.00). I still actually had time to eat lunch during my lunch hour!I'm planning to trade it in for $300 towards the purchase of an iPhone 6, but it would have been only $50 with a slightly cracked screen as it was. Therefore, I'm still coming out $150 better than had I not fixed it. It looks factory-new now!My go-to place for any repairs in the future.
5	great guys  great pricegreat service.just go.
5	I drop my iPhone 5S and shattered my screen and after a couple of hours of getting little shards of glass in my fingers, I decided to get it fixed. I brought it to nextech and could not have been any happier. I got the generic screen and am so satisfied with it. The guys working here are nice, knowledgable and really care about their customers. I contemplated getting a color front screen and Cody gave me all of my options to make sure I was happy. I was so curious as to how it worked and was watching him replace it. These guys take the time to test it out to make sure that the quality of their work is impeccable. The film I got had a crack in it and I went back the next day and they replaced it immediately. They value their customers and I am impressed and thankful!
5	Walked in with a cracked screen and walked out 10 min later with it looking brand new! Thanks for the fast service!!!
5	Cody has his business hat on, his tools at the ready and offers accurate advice. I called him about my cell phone screen that was broken, and informed him that I needed a new screen ASAP. I was in and out in under 8 minutes with a brand new IPhone screen, and a new screen guard that he recommended, so that I could hopefully avoid this problem in the future! No joke! You can watch him while he works! It's like watching a skilled surgeon. Teeny tiny screws were no match for Cody, as he went to it with a quickness and an accuracy. I already recommended a friend, and will be sure to come down there again as the need arises. Hopefully not anytime soon! Very impressed.
5	Quick and easy. Came in, said my screen was broke, he said give him10 mins, 10 mins go by, iPhone fixed. Done and Done! This is how it should be! Not going to Verizon and waiting an hour to have someone try and sell you stuff you don't want when you only came in to fix a problem.
5	OMG so fast. The gentleman at the front desk was super helpful and quick to fix the LCD and screen. Very polite. Very knowledgable. Would highly recommend going there. PS. Be kind and if your phone is in pieces, make sure to separate them as best as possible. It makes their work a lot easier.
5	Cody is awesome!  Fixed my daughter's iphone screen super fast.  Very friendly and professional!  I'd highly recommend him for all tech repairs!  This is the second time I've been to this location and this will always be my go to repair spot!
5	Master Technician Cody replaced my broken iPhone 5c screen in 10 minutes,installed a tempered glass screen protector and set me up in a nice wallet case.  If you value speed, precision, watching a master enjoy his work and phenomenal customer appreciation i.e.engaging customers in conversation, and a handshake to seal the deal, go to see Cory at Nextech Repairs.  You will not be disappointed.  The excellent service I received from Cory was one of the highlights of my day!
5	shattered screen - but no shattered dreams. This place rocks. They replaced my 4s screen quickly, and it looks and works great. And...a great selection of cases to keep it safe. I highly recommend if you're in need of iPhone repair (or a case).
