3	I've tried and I've tried, but have yet to find truly great gelato (or ice cream) in Las Vegas.  However, this place is pretty good.  Located near the pool, Caf Gelato also sells other desserts.
3	I'm always up for gelato when presented with the opportunity. The display was colorful and they had a variety of flavors to choose from. I chose pistaccio nut. It was pretty good and I slowly cherished every scoop I took. The only thing is that it's a bit pricey for what it is but I mean that's a given. Either way I would go back here again whenever I'm in Vegas.
5	The gelato at Caf Gelato is the best on the strip. Even better than the one at the Miracle Mile shops (I forget the name). I helped myself to a scoop of watermelon and coconut. These are two great combinations. You can taste the watermelon chunks and even the coconut flakes. The service is excellent, the prices are very reasonable, and the seating area is clean and relaxing. After a long day of gambling and walking, I like to end my night at Caf Gelato and eat my worries away.Highly Recommended
4	Cute little shop with sandwiches, drinks, and of course gelato.  We tried two flavors- one was forgettable so I can't recall but the melon was delicious.  I have to say this was the closest to real gelato.
4	We were at the Bellagio and the boys were playing video games. My sister and I decided to get some gelato before heading out to watch the water show out front.I taste-tested a few flavors and settled on the lemon. I have never tasted a lemon gelato so tart  AND creamy at the same time! It really hit the spot and was VERY refreshing on a hot Vegas day!Right near the pool and arcade and museum. A little pricey. I think it was about $10 for 2 servings. Oh well! You're in Vegas! Who cares!
5	You can't go wrong with Cafe Gelato.  Fabulous flavors to taste, and then mouth watering perfection in a cone all for you.  It's not cheap (for gelato), but they're not skimpy.  Good luck in finishing it, but it's worth a try.Perfect for those hot days after shopping.  Sit in the Cafe itself or in one of the nearby comfy sofas in the main hallway.
3	mango genoa smoothie.  so good.$9.  no so good.whoever heard of a $9 smoothie????
5	Everything in vegas costs a pretty penny - BUT! at Cafe Gelato, they at least give you your money's worth.   Love the creamy smoothy texture.  Their gelato was the closest I've found to gelato in Rome - when you pull each scoop you can just tell that the flavor is going to be rich and luxurious.  Sooooooo goooood.
3	The gelato here has a very smooth and creamy texture. I ordered Pistachio Nut. It was delicious!Although it is a little pricey, I noticed that some of the female servers put more in a cup than male servers do.The ambiance was light and chipper while the cafe itself was adorned with various designs and paintings.Go there to take a break from those slot machines and smoke-filled halls and enjoy a delicious, though somewhat overpriced, but good-tasting creamy gelato.
5	Excellent and authentic italian gelato.... Bravo Bellagio.  Nice selection of flavors, and a great way to stroll around or watch the Fountains at Bellagio.  I can't believe I had to visit the desert to find great dessert.
4	Inside the beautiful Bellagio resort, inspired by the town on Lake Como by the same name, there is a delightful gelatteria by the name of Cafe Gelato.  Here there is an outstanding assortment of flavors ranging from Blackberry to Amaretto.  The flavors are so bold and natural you will feel as though you had ventured to Tuscany.Good espresso and fresh pastries are available as well, so it makes for a nice way to start the day.  I definitely recommend you make the journey for this taste of Italy, not to mention the opportunity just to be enveloped in the sights and floral smells of the resort.
4	I love gelato. I had when I was in italy and this is as close as you can get.
4	Q: Do you know what hits the spot on a warm Tuesday afternoon in Vegas when you're trying to recover from a weekend full of binge drinking and debauchery? A: Gelato. Specifically, gelato from this place. Even more specifically, tiramisu gelato from this place while you watch the Bellagio fountain show.
4	stepped in for an ice cream, and i was happily surprised by the amazing quality. it was amazing.nice and quick service.
4	It's gelato. How can you go wrong with gelato. Most of the gelato I've had tastes just about the same. The only difference would be the flavors and sometimes the texture (although theyre generally soft) All the flavors I've tried = good. I like standing towards the side of the whole array of flavors where i can see its reflection through the mirror. Why? Because it makes it look like they serve 2x the flavors. Don't be fooled. Don't waste your money on those yummy looking cones unless you absolutely want one. The gelato you get is enough and the cones are mediocre. I got the white chocolate one, and it's just typical and not worth the extra cost. I also tried that peanut butter lollipop. Unless you wanna eat an extra sweet snickers ice cream bar as a lollipop, no need to try it. WARNING: If you come here in the summer, DO NOT eat your gelato outside. I brought my gelato outside to check out the pool and it melted IMMEDIATELY. Sadness. I had to go back into Cafe Gelato to ask for a cup, so I could dump my cone&gelato into it...otherwise I'd have to start licking gelato off my hands, grotesque.
4	A hangover panacea, these smoothies always powered us up for a day of door-knocking in '08. Of course, order them without sherbet, yogurt, ice cream, ice or whatever other pollutants sometimes make their way into "smoothies".Minus one star because $9 for a smoothie is a bit presumptuous!
4	One word for this place....good!  Okay, here's another....quick.  You want another....fast ;-)Considering the plethora of fine dining establishments that fall under the Bellagio roof, I found Cafe Gelato to be a real gem for the quick, fast, and tasty food.  Sure we are talking simple salads, sandwiches and yummy looking desserts....sometimes you just need a quick bite.  And really, for what you're paying for, I'm sure you'll be glad to use the rest of your Vegas money on something else.I did find this place surprisingly empty upon my moments of quick dining, though perhaps a good thing as you're not disturbed by the normal Bellagio crowds, not to mention you'll always be able to find a seat ;-)
5	This is by far the best and closest to the real thing Gelato I've tasted outside of Italy. If you are in Vegas and love gelato (real, authentic) make the effort to drop in and have one! You won't regret it!
5	Whenever I go to the Bellagio to see the Conservatory or the Gallery of Fine art, I find myself ending up here for a gelato fix.  The service is very quick here, and there are plenty of tables to enjoy your treat.  I also find the people watching to be wonderful  With the pool entrance just a few steps away, I can enjoy my frozen delight while watching some lovely ladies in their bikinis.  Does it get any better?
4	It is difficult to find gelato the is not just american ice cream called by a different name.  This is good stuff.  I was skeptical but it delivered.  Dense, goopy and rich like a good gelato should be.  Give it a try you will not be disappointed
5	We had some time to kill before seeing the Cirque show so we decided to get some gelato at the Bellagio. ATMOSPHERE: Cute shop with plenty of seating. Clean and nice like most things in the Bellagio.PRODUCT: Huge selection! We ordered pistachio and tiramasu with chunks of tiramasu yummy! Both were excellent and served in ample amounts. Served in a cute Bellagio plastic cup. We kept ours for a souvenir.SERVICE: Excellent. No complaints here. Samplings given as requested.PRICES: $6 (large size, 2 scoops), which is very reasonable for Vegas gelato so far that I have found.  CONCLUSION: Good quality and amount and thus, reasonably priced. I would come here again!NOTE: Do not go to the gelato place in Miracle Mile Shops called Aromi d' Italia rip off and average at best.
5	Highlight of the day while shopping at the bellagio: i was eating here at this wonderfully delicious gelato place when in saunters a fat chinese dude..in his bath robe and slippers like he owns the place and places an order. Come on, you are not Hugh Hefner. He was probably at the pool nearby, but just throw on a shirt, not your bathrobe.At any rate, on to the great gelato. Wife and I ordered the watermelon gelato, and it was heaven in our mouths. Never had I tasted such fresh, light, sweet, delightful gelato. It literally tastes like chilled, fresh, soft watermelon. It is about five bucks here, but worth every penny.
5	My goodness! As I walked into this gelato spot I was astonished to see the plethora of flavors they had to choose from. You can sample them all too! I love the Bellagio and this made me love it even more. This place is somewhat hidden from the other guests that come to gamble and I happened to come across it when I ended up walking away from the casino part of the hotel and walking near the pool area. I had the best pistachio and mango gelato for $6 (large size, 2 scoops) and it seemed never ending! The gelato cups are cute too. Great price for so much gelato and deliciousness in every scoop. So fresh, light, sweet and amazing service! A great way to start the afternoon in heat!
4	Really damn good gelato here.  Also pretty reasonable prices for a Vegas joint.  If you are looking for a tasty treat after dinner (or losing at gambling) I highly recommend it.
5	Best.Gelato.In.Vegas.  It's a must stop whenever i'm in Vegas.  Creamy, smooth consistency, delicious - AMAZING!  I've never been disappointed when I've gone, except when it's closed.I always get the same:  stracciatella and hazelnut and it's consistently good.  And reasonably priced with plenty of seating on a normal day.
4	Ok, so I am sort of torn because I don't want to show up to Cafe Gelato and have them be sold out of my new favorite wrap sandwich, but Holy Crap (or Holy Wrap?) the seafood wrap ($10.95) is actually 2 wraps each cut in half (total of 4 small wraps) and 2 are packed with PERFECTLY cooked shrimps (not rubbery) and 2 are packed with non-mayoey(sp?) JUMBO LUMP CRAB. huge surprise here. If the 2 crab wraps were a sushi roll, it would probably be forty bucks worth. This is officially my new favorite strip sandwich option. At least there is a good veggie quiche for Misti Y to enjoy at Cafe Gelato. She doesn't do seafood wraps, but you all know that already!The seafood wrap comes with a pile of decent Giardiniera on a big lettuce leaf in the middle. And there is always top-tier gelato for dessert...4/2011 UPDATE: No more seafood wraps as of 4/2011.
3	A friend of mine really liked this place, I've totally had better gelato.The flavor selection wasn't too good.They had a lot of the basic flavors, but nothing adventurous. The flavor was alright, but I wasn't blown away at all.
4	LOVED the tiramisu gelato.  It was difficult to choose between the nutella, tiramisu, and coconut.  Wish there would have been more seating though.  We ended up taking our gelato outside.
2	Note: I haven't had their gelato yet =( so this is a review for their food.I came here before going to see O and I was damn hungry. We were actually looking for another place but ended up here by mistake. We saw that they sold real food in addition to their tasty looking gelato. Between the boyfriend and I we got the chicken pita (tasted good), chicken caesar salad (stupid), egg bacon muffin thing (I didn't taste it but the boy said it was fine), and a yogurt parfait (it was definitely European style, which I like but some people my find it too tart. I'll rate it as "meh.") Those 4 things cost $40. Are you f-ing me?! I know it's Vegas, blah blah blah, but geez. For a "quick eats" place where the stuff was pre-made... Pul-lease. Pre-made! Even McDonald's makes my food to order. Is it because I'm at the Bellagio? Yawn. Side note: they have water cups and the cutest glass jam jars ever. I plan to take 10 of them the next time I go.I definitely want to try their gelato, but I won't be going back for their food.
4	they have a wide variety of gelatos to choose from! I had their pistachio! :) note: get a small cup and it's big enough to share with another person. but if you are up for the challenge, by all means get one and eat one by yourself! :)one small cup of gelato came out to $5.13.
5	This is one the few places in the US that has gelato is remotely comparable to that in Italy. They have tradiational Italian flavors and a few inventive ones as well (which is also on par with Italy). It's surprising to find anything authentic in Vegas, but it's definitely a good thing. And plus, who doesn't want a top noctch cold in that heat?A true gem in the madness of Las Vegas.
5	I make sure to stop by this place every time I am in Vegas. The gelato is always fantastic -- I may not have been to Italy to experience the "real thing", but I consider myself to have a pretty discerning ice cream palette, and I am never disappointed here.The best part is that even though you are in the Bellagio, this gelato is not stratospherically expensive. The "small" portion is actually two hearty scoops, and I have never even been tempted to try the larger size. Worth every penny.
5	After trying Cafe Gelato last year I made it a staple to have some during this year's visit. It was just as delicious as I imagined. Oh so creamy and melt in your mouth delicious. Even the waffle cones are amazing. Yes, it's pricey but so worth every penny.
3	Not bad. Quick stop for food on your way out of the hotel rooms...gelato is quite good :) Never a giant crowd either. Most of the employees there (one of them is quite a cutie!) are friendly and helpful!Bellagio pie: I didn't have it, but my friend did and she liked it!Spinach quiche: Wow. Yum! I don't know what else to say, but it was good.Ham and cheese croissant: Super greasy, but cheesy! Nice thick layer of ham in between :)We ordered plenty, but that's all I remember for now. We also ordered a shot of espresso with our gelato, which was amazing. Overall though, like most Vegas cafes, it is generally overpriced and I prefer going to Jean Phillippes for crepes and pastries  just a short walk away.
3	Update: No more crab/shrimp seafood wrap sandwiches as of 4/2011. No explanation as to why - it was an awesome value and it will be missed.
5	Spectacular deserts. Gelato with hot fudge is amazing. My wife asked for a cherry - she got about 8 or 10. Servings of double gelato are huge. Very decadent but wonderful.Excellent product, fair price and delicious.
5	Best gelato in the state of Nevada and competes with the best gelato in southern CA too!Favorite flavors: coconut and pistachio.Located near the Arcade inside Bellagio Hotel.
5	This is the BEST place for gelato in the world.  PERIOD.  Cappucino and Blackberry Cheesecake are must-try flavors!
5	The Best Gelato in the West, by fare. The Chicken Panini is very addictive, a great sandwhich that you must try. They only make so many every day so pre-ordering by phone is a good idea.
5	This is my favorite place in Las Vegas and it's a MUST come every time I visit Vegas.  I love their tiramisu.  It's in a little plastic box.  It's not like a traditional tiramisu that looks like a cake.  Check it out in my photos.  It's really creamy and layers of creams and wine.  It's super good, you have to try it.Two other things I order from this place is their breakfast croissant with egg, cheese and ham.  Their eggs just taste different, I mean the way they cook just really yummy!  Their daily soup is also really delicious.  I only tried their ice cream once.  Since I'm not a big fan of ice cream, I can't tell if it's really good or not.  If you haven't try this place yet, please go try it!!! ~~~ The price is moderate, when I order the three things above, it costs me less than $20.
5	The gelato is amazing, decently priced and in generous portions! We just had gelato for $7.95 in the Venetian and we were hungry...walked by Bellagio to find the Forum Shops and voila! Found this gem, stracciatella, coconut, so many good flavors. You can get 2 flavors in 1 small size...best deal/value/taste! Especially since there are so many overpriced items in Vegas
4	yum! blackberry cheesecake!
3	It's expensive, it's fattening and I prob should not be going here... But it's so good! Right now my favorite flavor is the banana toffee. But it really doesn't matter which one you choose because they are all good. You can sit out in the hallway and check out the view of the pool area... It's a nice way to enjoy a little time with a friend.
4	Gelato has a very different taste in my opinion. I've never been a big fan until I tried this place. flavors I liked: oreo, stracciatella, mint chip flavors I didnt like: pistachio, snickers*Tip: Get 1 scoop and ask for half and half flavors. Its big enough for one person! ($5)
4	The service here was really good. Very friendly and worked through the lines quickly. I tried the peanut butter flavor which was very good. They also had a selection of pastries, sandwiches, and various beverages.Located near the pool entrance at the Bellagio, this is a great place to grab a snack or a drink to keep you going.
5	This place gets a five according to my wife but I would give it four stars. One scoop cost over five dollars! But their portion was generous. About 3 mini scoops equal one scoop. They give samples and have tons of flavors! They have a bunch of cakes and desserts for premium prices. They do look good but I just don't think it would be worth it. The staff was friendly. My wife and I took our gelato and finished it watching the water show which was awesome!
4	Yay for gelato! Cafe Gelato is a great haven from that wretched Vegas heat. The place sure is fancy (as expected for something at the Bellagio) with their mini jam jars and super thick napkins. The gelato thankfully wasn't TOO expensive though.The Oreo flavor was super good, more so than the Mint flavor, which I normally favor. Nonetheless both were extremely satisfying after walking around the strip in humid weather.
4	Yay for Gelato!We have been here twice so far... it is our go to spot when we are on the Strip... located right inside the Bellagio not too far from the craps table... lolEach time we have an Americano & some Gelato! We love you!your constant companion,~deirdra
4	This cute cafe tucked away next to the arcade (did you even know there was an arcade?!?! I sure as hell didn't!) in Bellagio offers a nice selection of snacks and sweets.We only tried their gelato (dulce de leche and mango -- both super flavorful and delicious!!) but they also offer soups and assorted pastries. Their gelatos were relatively pricey (not surprising given that it's Vegas) though they were definitely very generous with their scoops. The two of us could barely finish a two-scoop cup! And that's saying a lot for a pig like myself.
5	I am amazed at how few people actually know this place.  I'm actually kinda hesitant to write about this because I'd like to keep it my little secret, but I gotta give props for this reason.The first time I came here was as a kid (I'm guessing some time in 2000 or so...I don't remember) because there's an arcade next door.  I had dulce de leche with a waffle cone, and I pretty much fell in love with this place.  And since that day, I vowed to myself that every time I came to Vegas for more than 24 hours, I'd come here to get some delicious gelato.  Spring, summer, fall, winter, didn't matter.  And yes, the tradition continues to this day!As for the gelato itself, it's just great value.  $6.49 for a scoop (which is in reality TWO scoops) and a waffle cone.  In a town where you rarely find good value for money, you get GREAT value for money here.  Personal favorites are dulce de leche (obviously), blueberry cheesecake, Oreo, and stracciatella.If you're looking for this spot, it's right next to the pool.  Just go down the hallway that's next to the buffet and you'll find it.
5	Best Gelato in Town!  Rich, creamy, flavorful, true-to-taste flavors - none of that artificial junk here.  They also serve sandwiches, salads, and paninis which is convenient when you don't want to wait in that long Bellagio buffet line.  Their servings for gelato are big too!
4	Great spot for a quick treat if you're staying at the Bellagio. We had some of the pastries which tasted fresh and like something straight from a bakery.The only downside was that the cafe was positioned on our walk back from the pool to the lifts.. ;)
3	Awesome pistachio and dulce de leche. Customer service could improve, and prices are outrageous.
4	It's a very quaint but cute ice cream shop hidden away in the Bellagio.  They let you sample their products so you can pick the perfect Gelato.
3	Ate here on a weekday morning.  It's a decent sized place near the Bellagio pool with desserts, sandwiches, etc.  They have a greater sandwich selection than Palio, which is across the way from Cafe Gelato.  The line was long, but moved quickly.  However, once we ordered, we waited a bit for our food, and were in fact given the wrong sandwich first.  So, that was annoying.  They had a lot of employees behind the counter, but it was a bit chaotic.I had the ham and cheese croissant breakfast sandwich.  Good breakfast option, very large and a decent price.  Lots of egg.  The soft drinks were $3.50, but come with free refills, so I guess that helped a bit.  All in all, nice place to get a quick bite for breakfast or lunch.  I'll try the paninis one day, they looked good.
3	Yummy, creamy gelato. The mint chip had a nice texture and was not overpoweringly minty. The chocolate chips did not have as much flavor as I'd like. They do not have many toppings - mostly sprinkles and chips. Would have loved hot fudge sauce!
3	Nothing like creamy, cold goodness on a cone during a hot Vegas vacation! We were looking for a delicious dessert to top off our "last supper" before the madness that was about to ensue that night. ;) When we had gotten here, we were so overwhelmed with the selection that it literally took us 15 minutes to figure out what we we wanted to get. I mean that's a good thing they had so much to choose from but I hate it because it's an indecisive persons' nightmare. Eventually my gfs and I all opted for a scoop of the flavors we picked and devoured it like no tomorrow. I found my mint chocolate chip to be too creamy and sweet for my likings but my friends enjoyed thoroughly enjoyed theirs flavors. Generous portions and a nice place but we honestly just wanted something to soak up the alcohol later on...
3	Not bad, but definitely not my favorite gelato. However, my favorite gelato is not actually in Vegas.They give you a pretty good portion size for the price. I was hoping for a few more flavor choices, or perhaps a few more unique flavors.Overall, it is a good place to grab something quick after a show before returning to the your room, especially since they are open late.
4	Bought tix to "O" and got there too late to eat at a normal sit down place. Was looking for a cafe and found Gelato. Many people eating and some were in bathing suits cause it's close to the pool. Grabbed a panini and green bean salad. It was delicious and tasted very fresh. A little pricey but worth it.
4	What a little hidden gem! Summer days in Vegas makes me scream for ice cream !! I tried the banana toffee crunch and the pistachio- 5/5 stars! Two scoops for $6 but they give u huge scoops so its good to share or for your own if you don't feel like sharing. They have cafe foods to go to satisfy your hunger if you're on the go. Dont leave this place without ordering The Ahi tuna salad and it is AMAZING. Now I know I gotta make a stop here every time I'm in town :)
4	Yummy gelato!!! I got the Banana Toffee Crunch & Chocolate Amaretto. Friendly service. Located in a quieter part of Bellagio. They also have sandwiches and various pastries for purchase. We'll be back.
4	Dulce de Leche Croissant literally weighed half a pound and had what seemed like a cup of caramel inside. Good value, but I can't eat that much straight caramel! Breakfast panini was meh, cappuccino and chocolate gelato were great.
2	Stopped in for a quick coffee since there are no Starbucks here in bellagio. Ordered a iced mocha (my typical Starbucks drink) and let me tell you it was less than lackluster. Watery , flavorless, and boring. Didn't try the gelato but I surely don't recommend the coffee.
4	Pretty good Gelato. I had the blackberry cheesecake and rum and raisin.  Do not get the rum and raisin gelato it was tooo strong of flavor and taste!
4	A landmark gelato stand everyone should see.  Last time I was here with my 3 sisters and we were happy that the performance artist at the moment was the woman who is the Italian nun mime who makes ever so subtle facial movements to the little children who bring her tips.The gelato is perfectly placed so you can enjoy one of many many flavors and sit on the nearby benches for the program and love the surroundings which are so pretty.My personal favorites are the cappucino and come to think of it everything!
3	Coffee was good, but not worth $3.95+tax for a large. Can't expect anything cheaper though since it is located on the strip, and in one of the fancier hotels.
5	My feet were tired from walking around the streets of Vegas. And I was also on a 3 hour wait for the bellagio buffet, so I saw this charming little place and ordered the mint chocolate chip and tiramisu gelato. The chocolate mint was absolutely amazing. Great gelato velvety texture. The tiramisu was eh. Maybe it wasn't my preference. But oddly it was still good due to the texture.That's the good thing about such a great place. Everything is will taste good even if it's the water.
5	Love this place! Their coffee drinks are bomb -- and their breakfast is awesome! Oh... And the gelato is so yummy!
5	I absolutely loved this cafe inside Bellagio! They offer so many different gelato flavors, and you can sample as many as you like! The espresso is great as well.They have lunch options, and everything is displayed in the cases. Service is quick. It is a great casual cafe to have lunch or dessert.
5	This is the Gelato shop inside the Bellagio and it is some of the best Gelato I have ever had. So smooth and creamy. Very good. If you are in the Bellagio, which you should be anyway it is a great place to walk around, then be sure to stop by here. You can even mix and match flavors. I got cookies n cream and mint. It was hard to pick which one I liked more. I think the cookies n cream just edged out the mint. But just barely.If you want a good afternoon snack this is a good choice. Plus you can wander around the Bellagio before and after your Gelato. Service was very good too. Nice and friendly. Plus is was in a kind of quite area. So you could sit and really enjoy your Gelato and relax. We will definitely stop by again whenever we are in Vegas. Yummm.
4	Great spot for an informal, relatively inexpensive bite. Shared ham and cheese on a croissant and veggie samosa with my wife. Both were good. Nice change of pace from buffets or celebrity chef spots in Vegas.
3	Gelato was toooo sweet to our taste. Coffee was ok.It's on not too busy corridor in Bellagio, so location is a plus.
5	Yum! This place is on point.  Got a 3 scoop banana split with bananas AND strawberries (the nice lady hooked it up) to share. Hands down best flavor is banana toffee crunch.  For all you chunky monkey lovers, this takes it up a notch.  The Tiramisu and lemon was good as well.  Set us back $9.50ish but well worth it on a warm day. Free sampling of flavors.
5	Are you KIDDING ME right now??? This place is a hidden gem for someone who's still trying to stay somewhat healthy while visiting Las Vegas. Kinda tucked away down one of those long hallways in the Bellagio, you'll find the gates to heaven - aka Cafe Gelato.They've got a great selection of pre-made sandwiches, ridiculously good desserts, pastries that are making my mouth water just THINKING about them, and of course - a shit ton of gelato.What you wouldn't think to look for here is their SMOOTHIE selection. Not sugary milkshakes or Jamba crap. We are talking all fruit/veggie smoothies. This is the one place in Vegas I can go and actually get some spinach! When I stayed at Caesars a couple weeks ago, I walked to the Bellagio just to get my fav green smoothie, the Fruit and Veggie Smoothie.Seriously, come here. The prices are okay, and you're actually getting what I think is real food. All of the pre-made sandwiches I've checked out seem to have cheese on them - that is literally my only complaint.Plenty of seating.
2	A single scoop gelato was about $5.75 and it was not worth it @ all and a croissant was about $4. It was hard and we had to get it warmed up. Then it came out burnt. Dissapointed that this did not meet my expectations especially since its in Bellagio.
4	We were walking around the Bellagio looking for an afternoon snack and this place had a nice selection of sandwiches, pastries, and sweets. Their sandwiches are about $11 each, they had a nice selection of hot and cold, and they looked delicious. They also had a great selection of bakery items, pastries, desserts, and of course a great selection of gelatos. We decided to get the Quiche Lorraine, the classic French favorite, which was $8. We enjoyed it, it was steamy hot because we asked them to warm it up for us. It was very buttery, rich and flavorful with lots of bacon bits and it wasn't too dense. We also had an almond croissant. It had a great amount of almonds crusted on the top and the almond cream filling was heavenly. It didn't last very long. The coke from the soda fountain was about a small/medium size and it was about $4.35 but they did offer free refills. They also had complimentary preserves and honey in little glass jars by a delicious and quality company called bonne mamam. It was a very nice and cute touch. It wasn't busy here in the afternoon and it was very peaceful, a perfect way to get away from the commotion of the casino to take a break.
4	Great Gelato! What a fabulous selection. I will be checking out the pastries next trip. Good service with a friendly smile.
4	I was just in Vegas for a week and I came here everyday to get a veggie smoothie. I recommend the Veggie and Fruit smoothie- the cucumber is very powerful, but the drink so refreshing. I also get the Froze with spinach and the Acai smoothie with spinach. The workers here are very sweet and accommodating. There is also filtered water that you can grab anytime. I brought a glass water bottle and would refill it up here before heading back to the room. The macadamia nut cookie is also sooo delicious. The con leche croissant was a little too sweet for me, but the almond croissant was perfect. For the ice cream, I recommend the snickers and oreo.
4	I'm sorry gelato stand in the middle of saint marks at the Venetian, but THIS place can show you a thing or two about what gelato should taste like. I went here to use a 2-for-1 coupon from the myvegas app, and I was shocked at how affordable and delicious the gelato was! The employees were really friendly, and we loved the flavors. The snickers flavor and white chocolate were standouts, and I would HIGHLY recommend them. The blackberry cheesecake was good, not great. The dulce de leche was also really yummy. Will definitely be redeeming some more 2-for-1 deals for this gelato!
4	We stayed at the Bellagio recently, but did not discover this fantastic place until our last night. One word - YUM!  Go there to relax and  cool off and enjoy the treats.  Well done!
4	Cafe Gelato is a pretty good dessert alternative especially in the hot Vegas heat but you'll have to venture a bit further to get it. In addition to gelato they have pastries and coffees. It is a bit hidden in the Bellagio and you'll have to venture towards the less happening corridor of the hotel near the buffet and directly next to the gallery of fine art and the arcade. The two things that really make this cafe worth a visit is the price and the portion size. A Single gelato is $4.75 but they'll let you include two flavors and the fill it up and stack the scoops up high.I really thought their Stracciatella flavor was really good. My only gripe about the gelato is that it becomes runny and melted too quickly but we also did come late at night so that could explain the drop in quality of the batches. Tip: come here for free glasses of water. I saw a lot of families here resting their weary feet and taking a break from the triple digit weather.
4	We got a double gelato with three flavors:  strawberry, chocolate, and mixed berry.  The strawberry tasted artificial, but the chocolate and mixed berry were very good.  This was $6.75 plus tax, which seems like a bargain in Vegas!  We also got a large soda, which was $4.00 plus tax but included free refills all day.  The location is nice and quiet, and the girls behind the counter were nice.  My only complaint is the other adult customers who seem to think it's appropriate to wear skimpy drippping wet bathing suits in places other than the pool, but I can hardly hold Cafe Gelato responsible!
2	They give you a lot of gelato for a single. However, the flavors are just okay. I would expect more from Bellagio. The tiramisu gelato had too big chunks of lady fingers that just over powered the smoothness of the gelato. It would be better if the ladyfingers had been soaked in espresso prior.
5	Excellent choices of gelato! The portion sizes are immensely large and honestly 2 can share a small, unless you need to eat more than 10 oz of gelato on your own. Another option is to get the small which gives you two choices and split that into 2 cups. The quality is great and very fresh. Don't pass this up if you have a sweet tooth!
5	Very nice place, we ordered three different ice cream. All cups of ice cream were delicious. Free wifi, relaxing music, what else ?;))
4	The perfect place to grab something sweet after an amazing dinner at Prime!  We stopped in last night and I thoroughly enjoyed the Oreo gelato...so creamy and delicious!  Friendly staff, great selection of gelato and beautiful pastries as well.
3	My husband's dulce de leche was very good, but my tiramisu was hard, icy and the ladyfingers w/ espresso were flavorless. I'd asked for a scoop of tiramisu and one of chocolate but I got all tiramisu, the staff are nice but not really paying attention. The dulce de leche was creamy and delicious. I regret not having gotten it instead.
4	My favorite place for gelato in Las Vegas.  The selection is always very good and I like that it's tucked away from the noise of the Bellagio.  You pay too much for soda, but the gelato is a nice, inexpensive treat.
5	Great Place, we make a trip there every chance we get.  only draw back is there is no signage in the casino or hotel to tell you how to get there.  if you do not know where it is located you will get lost looking for it...
4	This cafe is located in a quiet little hallway near the Bellagio pool and art gallery. I had seen this place before while heading towards the art gallery but never stopped to check it out. Finally on Christmas Day, while trying to escape the crowds on the casino floor I remembered this place existed and decided it was finally time to check it out. Although there was a line, it definitely was much quieter and emptier than in the casino! Besides carrying a couple dozen flavors of gelato, they also have coffee, soft drinks, sandwiches, quiches, pastries, and other baked goodies. Because we had already eaten lunch, I decided to just get 2 scoops of gelato: mango and blackberry cheesecake, which ran about 5 bucks. The gelato was good and full of flavor, especially the mango one. It tasted like a real mango! They have a self service ice water and condiment station that is stocked with small jars of jams and honey.Cafe Gelato is a nice, quiet way to escape the hustle and noise of the casino floor. I look forward to coming back next time I'm at Bellagio. I just wished they had separate lines for food ordering and gelato only because the line gets jammed up when the person in front of you is standing there trying to order sandwiches and I'm stuck behind them hoping they would finish. Since the gelato case is located closer to the register you figure one wouldn't have to wait in line just to look at or order gelato
