3	Greg Donnally, Brian Chittenden and Andrew Nam, the team behind Drift and Stingray Sushi, have another restaurant opening on Friday, Feb 22.  Donnally calls it an "Asian Bistro Lounge" and takes his inspiration from the lounges and clubs he saw on a recent trip to Japan.  He says that it is the kind of place where Japanese men go after work to unwind, and to have drinks.When you enter, you are confronted with brightly lit modern versions of the Pachinko machine.  Pachinko is a cross between the pinball and video slot machines.  They have "private" karaoke rooms which i suspect will be well fueled by the post work drinks.The menu will have a lot of shareable plates and, of course, sushi.  They also boast a variety of infused sake and shochu.I'm looking forward to the opening.... Pass me a sake, anyone wanna karaoke?
2	Took a friend to go and check out one of Scottsdale's newest spots, Geisha a Go Go which just opened on Saturday.  We walked in and were greeted by a Kaitlyn a Bubbly hostess...she introduced us to one of the doorman (who was off of work) and 2 bartenders Logan and Ray.  Again very nice, friendly and Talkative...The place is small.  But nicely decorated.  A large rock is in the middle of the bar area, very Feng Shui, but I wonder what knuckle head is going to try and "climb" it in a drunken stupor. But I couldn't understand why there were 3 very large pictures of Jimi Hendricks, Jim Morrison and Sid Vicious...great rockers, but why?  Two died of a heroine overdose and the other committed suicide.   The Karaoke rooms which they have been advertising to rent out by the hour for $50-$100 are very very small with a HUGE tv.  (remember when you were a kid and your mom told you not to sit too close to the tv or you will go blind?!  That is what will be in the back of your mind when you are in the room)Lets talk food...I have to say, this was NOT one of my new favorites.  First off, Logan made us a "Hello Kitty" cocktail....very fruity, whicj i am not a fan of, but i slowly enjoyed the strawberry martini cocktail. We started with there rock shrimp and soft shell crab small plates.  These items were okay, but too much cilantro on the rock shrimp...We then ordered the grilled lobster spring rolls and tuna/blue crab tartare.  Terrible!  I did not like these items.  Why does everything include cilantro???  I hate cilantro.  I wasn't at a Mexican restaurant.  The spring roills were chewy and more veggies the lobster and the tartare, I had trouble tasting this.  I felt it to be WAY TO fishy!  That to me was scary because tuna does not have a fishy smell...well it would if it was old!!  So that scared me, oh and the seaweed salad atop the tuna was very very salty...Geisha a Go Go also mentioned that they will be redoing the patio in front to offer outdoor dinning.  This will be completed in the middle of March.  The only reason I would go back would be for a cocktail...I would not recommend the place to dine.
3	We ate here last night with a friend.  Everyone was friendly and eager to show us what the place was about.  I have to agree about the rock in the middle of the room.  I foresee some drunken frat boy trying to climb on top and really hurting himself.  The room is small and dark with a nice bar area and dining booths surrounding the back of the room.  There is an open window by the bar that lets in some natural light which is nice.On to the food & drinks.  I ordered the Hello Kitty, which tasted like a strawberry daiquiri.  Between the three of us, we ordered the hot rock ahi tuna, chopped salad with wasabi peas, grilled lobster spring rolls, dumplings, tempura rock shrimp, and teriyaki pork ribs.  The hot rock ahi tuna was okay, but I had better at Taneko.  I really could not taste any of the lobster in the spring rolls at all, so hard to really rate it.  The teriyaki pork ribs were very nice and tender, falling right off the bone.  The sticky rice they advertised is not sticky rice.  It's just rice.  All of the other dishes were good, not great.I had a real problem with the portion sizes.  I have had tapas and been to Sea Saw a few times so I am used to the small dishe/sharing concept.  But their portions were inconsistent.  On some dishes, there was enough to share among 3 people (but just barely).  On other dishes, there was only enough for 2.  I guess you will have to double up on everything, but then be prepared for a really large bill!The karaoke rooms are really small.  You could maybe fit four-five people comfortably.  Any more and I'd imagine you're basically sitting and singing right on top of each other.  All in all, an okay night.  Our bill came out to about $35/person (before tax + tip).  I felt a little let down, because I love Stingray Sushi and Drift.  So, this was a disappointing 3 stars.  I think I will be back, but only for drinks.
2	Fuck you, douchebags!The uppity asshat-ness of the doormen and pretty much everyone in here was at defcon 1. I was really surprised  that it was that bad. The other place  - Stingray Sushi - is awesome. I expected Stingray style service and manners, but was really dissapointed.The biggest problem was that the "doormen" were rude to a bunch of guys I was with. They said they couldn't come in because of "dress code." They said "no flip flops." This was ridiculous because:A: They let me in. I was wearing flip flops.B. They have a wide open window that showed at least a dozen other guys inside wearing flip flops too. No dress code for the dudes inside, but there is a dress code for the guys I was with?C. A bunch of guys and girls came in wearing flip flops after usThe guys I was with are all well dressed guys who were dressed down after a spring training game. After a little hassle over the flip flops they let us in. We asked the bartender about the dress code and she replied "what dress code." So I asked a manager about the dress code and he didn't seem to know what I was talking about. It seems like the bounchers decided just because my friends prefer to wear Lacoste, Puma and Hugo Boss over wearing ED Hardy and those stupid-ass AFFLICATION t-shirt s. I guess we are not cool enough for this bar. Which is fine with me. Cool concept. Too much dickwadness in the way of having a good time.  I will give it another try on another night and see if it was a fluke. Stay tuned...Boo!* Edited to add more information
1	"I'm sorry your food is taking so long. Half our staff was at the culinary festival today and their a little, you know, drunk."I'm paraphrasing a little bit but this was the rationale given to our group of 6 for why it took over an hour for our noodles. Our server gave this answer to our pleas for our food with a straight face - apparently at this restaurant it's ok for staffers to be late, drunk, and provide bad service if there is a beer garden and/or Absolut tent within 10 blocks.We were excited about checking this place out but on our way in we found some of the less-than--stellar reviews on this site. Uh oh. We went anyways and I can now happily say that we won't be going back.If you like paying way too much money for inconsistently portioned food then this is your joint. If you don't want to have a conversation when you eat then this is your joint. If you want to be somewhere with a lame-o doorman and an actual rope line then this is your place.PROS:The toilets are cool.Karaoke rooms are cool.CONS:$13 for 6 quarter-sized meat medallions that you cook on a hot rock.No apologies from server for looong wait for food... but wait! They were getting blitzed at Culinary festival so all is forgiven...THE MUSIC WAS VERY VERY VERY LOUD.Ordered sake bombers and were given sake glasses that were too big for beer glass they came with - made for an interesting and wet first round.Doormen and rope lines are freakin' ridiculous.  Get over yourselves.Going to have video games? How 'bout not placing them in a 4-foot wide entryway.Drinks were reasonably priced and creative and the music, although very loud, was good so I give one star. Unfortunately there are too many other places within a 5-minute walk that also have great music and great drinks in a less pretentious atmosphere with real serving sizes. And with a serving/cook staffs that can do their job.P.S. We all went to college. When you put Ramen noodles on the menu we all know you can cook them up within 10 minutes. Why would it take 90-minutes at Geisha? Dunno...
3	I heard of this funky new lounge in ever expanding old town Scottsdale, a couple of months before I actually made it in.  I knew it had some kind of weird hot seat toilets and karaoke rooms.  I decided to check out the toilets with some of my friends after work.  The comfortably smallish lounge is located across from Stingray Sushi.  I called ahead to see what kind of crowd was expected.  She was extremely friendly and said I should definitely come down and check it out.  Oh-and there was to be a photo shoot taking place.  Hmmm.  When we arrived, Jamie -the hostess took us on a full tour of the place.  A thumping rhythm was blaring through the air.  A blend of styles made up the ambiance in the bar.  Giant sepia toned prints of  Hendrix, Morrison and Sid Vicious took up most of the entire wall behind the bar filled with very pretty Scottsdale ladies in their 20's and 30's.  there were some slight Japanese accents but overall pretty normal and DARK.  First off, Jamie showed us the Karaoke rooms each ranging in size and cost per hour. They were all complete with their own large flat screen monitor, microphones and songbook .  Prices began at $60 on up.  Looked pretty fun and I especially like the idea of not having to suffer through someone else's pain full rendition of "Not Ready To Be Nice", when I can clearly do that on my own and in private no less.  I liked it, but I had to see the robot toilet!  Jamie laughed when I asked and took us all immediately to the john where she, without hesitation, went right up to the commode and pointed out the various features on the wall next to the TP.  It was rather uncomfortable for me looking at a public toilet and hearing this very pretty woman talk about how you can make the seat warm up so your behind would not be shocked with coldness when in need to drop the kids off at the pool.  I am even uncomfortable now, just writing about it.  The porcelain throne did some other bizarre things- but I had left the room as quickly as possible back into the bar looking for a drink.Jamie set us up at a table along the perimeter.  Samples of Stevie Nicks, Pat Benatar, Yes, Billy Squire and even Neil Diamond rolled out over the pulsing beats.  Very strange but I liked it.  Within minutes of being seated my 2 friends (straight) and I  (not straight) noted the higher numbers of well dressed men that seemed to cluster amongst themselves without any inclusion of a female.  Hmmmm, we were very close to BS West the local gay bar.  Oh well, I wasn't complaining and my friends are cool.  Our server, also attractive was very nice and got my friends a "pitcher" of floral saki to split.  I had a $9 glass of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc.  I liked my wine very much they got used to their 25% proof saki at $36 a pitcher which was shaped like a large bamboo shoot with a spout.   Then the photo shoot commenced.  Two ladies made up to look like Asian Geisha's were placed in suggestive positions, sometimes with young pretty boys that were totally into it (NOT).  Over all it was pretty cool if....IF...1.  You like really loud music that never plays a complete song.  2.  You want to do Karaoke and stay in a closet doing it.  and finally, 3.  You want to pretend your straight.  They serve food, too.
4	Disclaimer:  If you don't enjoy the Scottsdale nightlife scene, no amount of help is going to make you enjoy this place.I threw the disclaimer in simply because without a doubt, this is for now the new lounge for starting a night out in Old Town.  While I was there my party didn't order much of the food since it was late on a Saturday night and I had more of a liquid diet in order.  I will give them points for creativity when it comes to their signature drinks.  I don't see any other place around using Calpico & infused Sho-chu quite as extensively as Geisha, and the results are actually really good.  I'm not one for the crazy fruity mixed drinks, but I tried a number of the drinks the girls in our party ordered and surprisingly they all didn't taste like pure sugar or candy.  The atmosphere is one you would find at similar lounge-style places and they do a nice job of keeping the place up-beat and while the music is not at ear-shattering levels, you won't be having a quiet conversation there.They're not changing the nightlife scene by any means, but honestly nobody in the business wants to.  The concept is one that has been around for quite some time but not necessarily this style, personally the idea of Japanese tapas is one that while not many people will get, is a fun change from guessing what signature roll a new sushi bar is going to have.  If you want to go out, people watch, & do the Scottsale thing this place is spot on.
1	Geisha A No No. That's its real name. Didn't you know? Contrary to what the Phx News Times said in an online review, this place does not open for lunch. Imagine our disappointment, for a trio of hungry co-workers had been planning a lunch escape to this location for quite some time. (What can we say except domo arigato, mr. roboto.)Uhm, the door was unlocked, though. Just as we began to pull it open, thinking they had just opened for lunch, a man in a gray t-shirt approached. "Hey, we're not open." "We read an online review that you were open for lunch.""Nope. We've never been open for lunch.""Oh...""Come back for happy hour. We open every day at 5."My co-worker checked his watch. "That's only 5 hours from now. Thanks."And then he walked off. No "thank you." No "let me tell you about your other options in the area." Nothing. He just walked toward the back of the business. Must be the owner or manager. I would think that if patrons (attempted ones at that) were trying to check out your place, you'd at least paste on a smile, stop to tell them about the area and welcome them back for dinner, with a complimentary app. But nope. Believe me, I've seen their HH menu and it sucks. Tempura everything. Sure, load me up on fried foods. Of course the interior is pleasing. I love the idea of green walls. But I will not be coming back here. I don't know how they stay in business. They must offer other "services" behind closed curtains in their private rooms.
3	The best thing about this place are the bathrooms! No Shit! Er, I mean no kidding!The decor in the bathroom is expensive, mimicking a Japanese ancient Castle, with large cuts on stone masonry, copper pots for sinks, and metal tubes to look like large bamboo as the faucets. The next best thing is the large stone in the middle of the room. It is a large rock with a spotlight on it, and mimicks a Japanese rock garden.The third best thing is the out door patio seating, with the misters going full blast as the tempurature still hovers around 100 at 11:00pm in August. There are several tables out there, and also some couches.The 4th best thing is the Pachinko machines in the entryway, brightly lit and real, However, as the cute hostess will tell you, she has no balls (for the pachinko machines, stupid!)The 5th best thing is their large drink menu of specialty drinks. I didn't look in there for an "Orgasm" or a "SloeComfortableScrew Against the Wall", or other ridiculous concoctions, etc. I felt like a Tanqueray and Tonic.  No, Make it two!The rest of what they have to offer is, well, meh!
4	A group of us went to Geisha for Restaurant Week dinner last night and it was surprisingly really good!!   When I had heard of Geisha it was for the cocktails, music and people I had very little about their food however it was delicious and we will definitely go back to try other foods on the menu.  Our group had a couple different items they offered on the tasting menu however particularly the spicy pork dumplings and the sea bass were very YUMMY!  The sea bass came out piping hot which made it that much more tasty.  Also something to note, which is a HUGE compliment to Geisha ...they cleared the plates!!  Novel concept for some restaurants in Scottsdale.  Our server and the service staff made sure when we were done with a course to clear our plates quickly so we could chat and enjoy more cocktails- love that!  All the girls had the fried banana and green tea sundae...beautiful table presence, eh on the ice cream.  The fried bananas were AMAZING but the ice cream didn't taste like it had green tea flavor.  I would have been happy with a small scoop of more premium green tea ice cream rather than a big scoop of the blue bunny.  Fortunately the friend bananas were delicious so I would order it again just for those.If they had not been included in restaurant week I don't think we would have ever thought to eat there, overall it was very good .  The service was good, the food was hot and tasty, the atmosphere was fun and ladies don't forget to check out the restrooms ;)  and let folks know don't come in after you if you're gone for 20 min!
2	We were recently at Geisha a Go-Go for a friends birthday for dinner and karaoke.  First we did dinner, then karaoke in the BIG room, which was a blast.My issue was our waitress. We were there on a Tuesday night and we were some of the only people in the place, so the excuse "it was just really busy" doesn't apply.  A couple of us ordered Hot Rock dinners, which were supposed to come with rice. Our meals came with no rice and when we brought it up to the waitress, the following conversation ensued:Us: Hi, I think our meal is supposed to come with rice, right?Waitress: Yeah, but usually the meat is filling enough, so I didn't bring it out.Us: Okay, but it's listed on the menu.Waitress: I know.Um, I'm still being charged for it, right? And the Shrimp Hot Rock meal came with 3 shrimp and a tiny Asian salad.  Wow, how filling. There were other issues with her service, like bringing out the other, more expensive wine that I didn't ask for twice.I will probably never go back to Geisha for a meal, but it is a good place for drinks at the bar with friends on the weekend. Or on a weeknight if you don't want a big crowd but fun atmosphere.The reason for the "Meh, I've experienced better" rating, and why it is not at an "Eek! Methinks not" is because we did have a good time...when we didn't have to deal with the waitress.
1	In a word: run for your effing life.After reading the review on it in the New Times, we decided to hit this place with some friends. It was the first time for all of us, and to be fair, we are not of the "Scottsdale" scene and that was definitely part of the problem.I'll make this simple:Issue #1: Made reservations for 8:30 and even though almost every table was open, we couldn't be seated for a good 15 minutes.Issue #2: Um, is this place a restaurant or a dance club? A DJ fired up at 9p and it wasn't music you could ignore. It was like eating in "Trainspotting".Issue #3: Gigantic, pointy rock in the middle of the "dance floor"Issue #4: $12 for four TINY SLIVERS of tuna that wouldn't make an anorexic full.Issue #5: Over an hour to get our meals, which were served one at a time, apparently whenever they were ready.Issue #6: Did I mention there was a DJ?Issue #7: The crowd was of the Paris Hilton type, which I was expecting, considering. However, my friend summed it up perfectly, when she said, "This is the kind of place where you can see a 40 year old puking in the bathroom around 10pm." Well done, my friend.Issue #8: The service: horrendous. Our server actually admitted to us that the kitchen crew was hammered because they'd been at the Scottsdale Culinary Fest all day. I'm sure they remembered to wash their hands, though. Other than that, it was fine.
4	Had dinner here last night and a few cocktails. Better to get here early to avoid the crush of people after 10pm (on weekends at least).Geisha has a very nice modern atmosphere and optional private Karaoke rooms you can rent with your friends.I enjoyed my dinner (chicken stir fry) and my drinks immensely. Fair prices for the Scottsdale area. I do agree this is a "nice place" and it is worth dressing up for (go to Loco Patron if you want to wear flip flops and are adverse to showering).
3	I didn't dine here - so all I can really rate is the atmosphere. Geisha A Go Go is absolutely what you would expect of a typical Scottsdale Bar. Velvet ropes, a meat-head bouncer, and a skin-bearing girl standing in the doorway. Blah. I went with a large party and we rented out the large karaoke room. I have to say, it was pretty fun. There were two flat screen tvs on opposite walls so the person singing on the small stage could see them. There were couches lining the walls and two tables - so there was room for all of us. There was a vast array of music to choose from. From your cliche "I Will Survive" to much more recent songs "Toxic". And  yes, I had to listen to both. However, it is somewhat entertaining to watch a drunk guy sing a Britney Spears song in falsetto.Anyway, that's it. I'm not much into karaoke so I probably won't be back. But I can appreciate the novelty. And, for anyone who loves karaoke on a Saturday night, well this is the place for you.
4	While I am not the biggest fan of the whole "Scottsdale" scene, I really like Geisha. Yes, it has scantily clad waitresses and over priced drinks. But, it also has one big selling point: private karaoke rooms. Some friends rented a "big" room for ten people. It is totally a small place that would comfortably seat six and is furnished with green-ish shag carpeting and a bottle of Grey Goose behind Plexiglas that has been assaulted more than once. Classy. But, you will not care b/c the private karaoke is so much fun...less public humiliation than regular karaoke, lots more silliness and singing along. I definitely look forward to getting another group together and coming back... Also, the bathrooms are worth a mention. They have seat warmers and some pretty interesting fixtures.
4	Geisha is part Scottsdale, part Los Angeles, and part Osaka. What I mean by that is they have the cheap ass patio that is so common in scottsdale bars, with the goofy oversized pictures of rockstars that you would find in an LA rockbar, and the private karaoke rooms and "Japanese" food. I tried a multitude of dishes, starting with the steak and chicken skewers, both average. The tempura rock shrimp, while a familiar dish at any japanese restaurant, was exceptionally delicious. Octopus salad was fairly weak, but it was followed by a trememdous steak stir fry. But by far the best dish, was the ribs. OH SHIT DAMN! I had ribs all over the country, and these were the best I have ever had. Hold the bone, and pull the meat cleanly off with your chopstick. It was the most tender, succulent piece of meat I have ever had. I WILL go back craving those ribs some day. The place is very dark, and very loud so it is a good place to hang out with a group of friends and dance or drink. Not the best for convo. The private karaoke rooms hold from 4-20 people and are rentable from 40-100 dollars an hour, depending on the time and day. They do have waitresses that go in the rooms if you want them to. This is how most karaoke bars are in Japan.The best part of the place by far is the bathrooms. The toilet seats are heated, power up and down, air freshened, self flushing, and they shoot water on your butthole and then dry it off. I guess I'm sheltered because I'd never seen those before. This is a great place to have some rambunctios fun with friends, and the food is better than average. Everything was good for the most part, but the RIBS WERE AMAZING."I had ribs for lunch, thats why I'm doing this"
3	This is more of a bar set up than a restauraunt. There are only about 7-8 tables where you can sit down and have a meal, and they are very cramped. The food however was very good, and so were the drinks. Go for happy hour as the small plates and drinks are half price 4-7 PM everyday. Service was above average and I would go back for sure. Wasn't there for the late night crowd but if you like Karaoke this is the place for you.
5	Private Karaoke at Geisha A Go Go is the coolest thing to hit Old Town in a while!!   My girlfriends and I went this weekend and it was incredible. I have heard a lot about karaoke being the new trend but not until I actually experienced it for myself did I understand why, until now. We had a private room with a flat screen TV and drinks at the flip of a switch (um, can you say bachelorette party?!).  It was so nice to have a night out without actually having to wait for drinks at a crowded bar or being able to hang out with your friends without random guys interrupting with a cheesy line to try to talk to you. It was $75 for an hour in a private room with 10 of my best friends. And by the time you split that between everyone it was well worth the extra expense. Seriously once you try it you will be hooked too! I can't wait to go back!
2	You know I want to like this place as a restaurant but I can't, I just really can't. I went out earlier this week and I had a good time there but it's not a restaurant it's a good place to have some drinks and karaoke. Yes karaoke it has private rooms that you pay to use(rent per hour) with flat screens reminds me kind of japan in a diluted way. I think the interior is a bit over done but it works in a weird way. My friends and I shared a few dishes but like I said don't come her for the food TRUST ME.... I got kinda drunk had some fun as did my friends and the service was a bit blah but I know what I came for so its okay... I would like to give it 3 stars for having a good time but I can't because of the food... please don't hate me.
1	The reason I'm giving this place one star as opposed to two is a simple, yet annoying element of this place: the portraits of dead musicians on the wall. WTF do Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, or Sid Vicious have anything to do with Japanese food?These portraits on the wall are just one of many examples of how this place does not get anything. This place is treated as a club by the bouncers outside, but it's really just a sub-par restaurant in the disguise of a high-end Japanese restaurant. So, Geisha A Go Go are you a club? Bar? Japanese place? All of them?I was here for a friend's birthday a little while back and I found that the food overall is not worth what you pay for. Of course they go with a "minimalist" gimmick and give you insultingly small portions. The service is alright, but again, nothing special.I don't think even hara-kiri would bring any honor to this place's horrible sushi. I guess the usual Scottsdale, Diesel jean-wearing date rapist wouldn't know the difference between good sushi and mediocre with all the blow dripping down his throat, so I guess this usually goes unnoticed.Now, if you talk to a fan of Geisha A Go Go you might hear them mention, "But, they've got really cool bathrooms." Well, I don't go to a restaurant to dump out the meal I just ate. Japanese Fusion Restaurant fail.
4	4th stop on my night out on the town baby.  so, my friends and i are feeling good and the place hit the spot.  some weirdo was grinding up on a couple of my friends and he even managed to steal one of our drinks and finish it up.  to me, it was all fun and games.  i liked the music here.
3	The resturants food was good not amazing. The DJ that night gets two thumbs up. The prices are a little high, but thats Scottsdale. I like the design the most, but really nothing great otherwise
1	This place is disgusting!  The place looks ok, the decor looks fine and everything looks good at the beginning.  I ordered a carafe of green apple infused sake.  Both me and the friend I was with poured our first little shot when we realized the bottoms must've been full of dust!  There was little pieces of lint floating all inside - and the shot glass fits only like a tablespoon!  At the bottom, there was a little brown streak that I wiped out (I was not going to ask for another dusty shot glass).  BTW, the sake tasted like water and green apple mixer with a touch of sake - it is the weakest drink I've ever had!  The carafe which is normally 10 dollars, 5 at happy hour poured 5 little teaspoonfuls of sake.How do you mess up wasabi and soy sauce??  The rolls we ordered came out fine but somehow the soy sauce had like no flavor.  Do they water the soy sauce down??!?!  I normally put a lot of wasabi, but this is the first time I put the whole pile in and barely got a tingle in my nose.  Oh, and I had to wipe down my little place too because there seemed to be old food on it (it felt gritty and there was a piece of dried up lettuce on it).  The table probably was never wiped down because it was sticky as well.This place SUCKS, and I would never go there again.
3	Try the drinks. Try all of them.  Yummy!!!  Something for everyone.The sushi is unique.  You will think it's going to be gross, but they were all good.  I had the teriyaki chicken roll- really?- it was great.    The tuna sashimi was super-fresh for a state that's land-locked.  Mmm...Disappointed that they were out of the dessert I wanted.  Boo.  So I had a nother drink.And go to the bathroom.  A must see/do.
5	Top notch fun , bar lounge, and food. My guy and I  go here almost every Wednesday, when we get into town then usually two more times over the weekend. Music- There is a dj spinning music onthe weekends and no question the best DJ in Scottsdale , playing music mash ups people actually can dance to not just a bunch of hip hop or house music. Every now and then late night the middle area turns into quite the drunk dance floor which makes for fun dancing or really fun people watching.Eats- We usually load up in sashimi, which the chef came out to talk to us how it was nice to see people eating real japanese not just balls of cream cheese and rice. Everything has always been super fresh. I swear I cannot lie with out the ahi tuna sliders. We always bring a large group who always leave very happy. Its a great place to start the night at!!Service- The girls are super cute but every know and then it takes a bit too long to get a drink but when you order a comlicated martini , you cant really complain!! I love the "picachoo" yum yum.Overall the best scottsdale stop . A million times more fun and delish then Ra or stingray!
3	Skip the food....While it looks asian, it tastes like a frozen wanna-be asian dinner...Yuck.  I only rated this place a "3" because of the lounge//bar Asian/tropical decor.  Fun place to drink, depending on the crowd.  Eat elsewhere. I haven't yet tried the kareoke rooms.
4	This is a great place to go to for Happy Hour.  They have a daily Happy Hour from 4-7pm.  Some 1/2 off drinks, apppetizers and sushi.  I'm not much of a sushi eater.  The bartender goes..."Do you want the sushi menu?" I told him, "No, I don't like sushi." He then said, "How could you live in Arizona and not like sushi?" And I told him, "How could I be Asian and not like sushi?" And we laughed.Anyway, what I love the most about Geisha A Go Go is The Hello Kitty.  It's a mixed drink made with a strawberry infused saki with a strawberry puree.  Pure yummy-ness!  The other thing cool about this place, oddly, are the bathrooms.  Definitely check that out, too!
4	Had a very wonderful meal here!Ordered the shrimp tempura for an appetizer.....very tasty with a delicious slightly spicy aioli sauce.We also ordered The Flying Kamikaze (unagi, salmon, tuna and crab in unagi sauce and sweet thai chili)...awesome! And then the Geisha A Go Go (lobster tempura, crab mix, avacado and cream cheese wrapped in green soy paper topped with jalapeno cream sauce)....also very good.For drinks I had the Kinki Cooler made with Cachaca, Kiwi Fruit and Lime....delicious and tasted quite strong : )Dessert was the Cinnamon Banana Crisp......a perfect ending.The waitress was also kind enough to show us the private karaoke booths they have.....we will be coming back with a small group to try this out next time....looks like fun :  ).........They also have happy hour specials with great savings.Highly recommend.
5	Best.Karaoke.Ever.For my boyfriend's birthday, I went balls to the wall with their uber-fancy, 20+ person private karaoke room with its own patio. At $150 an hour, I was cringing a little at the outset. However, after a number of surprisingly inexpensive vodka cranberries ($5 each.... and this is Scottsdale!), I found myself fondling my boyfriend's boss as he sat on my lap while watching my normally prim liquored-up friends work the conveniently provided stripper pole like pros. Plenty of Journey, AC/DC, and Black Sabbath provided the perfect backdrop for the shenangians. We made sure to keep the door open even though the staff kept trying to tell us to close it, and even those too-cool-for-you Scottsdale fuckers walking by the bar were stopping and checking out the mayhem. Fabulous. It's almost a week later and people are still talking about it. This will be an annual birthday tradition -- mark my words. Worth every last penny.
4	Very attractive place, nice ambiance and I love the decor - Jimi, Jim and Johnny. It reminds me of a couple places in the LA area. Geisha features a really cool Karaoke room for birthdays and small parties. Last time I was there, we met a Saki lover and I tried a couple of interesting Sakis. The sushi menu is impressive, although a lot of their sushi menu items feature the same ingredients. Try Thursday - Sat, it is happening! The manager is a local. Very cool. The music is awesome.
4	This was one of the many places we stopped at for our pub crawl and I'm definitely a fan. Where else can you go to snag $4 saki bombers!? Exactly! With 1/2 priced signature house drinks and 1/2 priced maki sushi menu and appetizers, you're sure to get your moneys worth.
4	A coworker tried to make out with my boyfriend at happy hour here and I still freaking love it! I mean, what a great time, right? Sake bombers, sushi, random drunk broads coming on to your boyfriend because you spent too much time playing with the toilet controls in the bathroom?  Seriously girls, be careful in there.Thankfully, my boyfriend did not give in to Drunky McSluttersons advances. However, the fact that she even had the gall to attempt it is really a testament to how awesome Geisha A Go Go's happy hour is. Chick was wasted. Hard not to get drunk when everything on the damn drink menu is half off! I think we were drinking $3 beers and $1 Sakes. $1! Truly wonderful.The "House Maki" is half off also, which usually means basic rolls like California and Tuna, but nothing fancy. Geisha A Go Go's "House Maki" includes quite a few of the fancier roll selections, including one of my faves, the rainbow roll.  The sushi is really nothing to write home about, but when you got a nice buzz going on with aforementioned $1 Sakes, you don't really notice.To recap: Happy Hour is awesome, Sushi is Okay, Bathrooms are time consuming, Don't take slutty coworkers.
4	Awesome times! I have been here a few times, usually in the late evening for the club. Most recently for happy hour for my friends birthday. We sat on the patio with the misters on, not the crazy kind that soak anything they touch, but they were perfect. The food was awesome! Price was very right as well. I think I had a spicy tuna roll, a caterpillar roll, and veggie gayoza and a cocktail for less than $15. Score! I HAVE to tell you about our waitress as well, I believe her name was Lindsay. She was so helpful! Gave good recommendations, very attentive, and even when all eight of use were yelling out an order she got everything right! Go and request her! Other than happy hour they have a pretty fun dance club after hours. They also have karaoke rooms. So much fun, you have to try it. They are private rooms, so you only have to make a fool of yourself in front of your close personal friends. Great for parties! Have fun!
4	"Eat to the Beat" is the motto at this funky Asian restaurant.  A place where Japanese Pop Culture meets Rock and Roll, private karaoke rooms can be rented out by the hour, and the toilets come with remote controls.The menu was reinvented this year, and you will find appetizers such as Rock Shrimp Spring Rolls, incredible Teriyaki Ribs, Seared Ahi Sliders, and a plethora of Tempura selections.  In addition, the restaurant offers Yakisoba, Ramen, Teppanyaki, and Specialty Maki.Maki of Note: Foku (bacon, salmon, cream cheese, scallions, and crispy onions topped with baked spicy crab) Gaijin (spicy tuna, spicy crab, avocado, cream cheese wrapped with a flour tortilla and then deep friend and topped with a chipotle cream sauce) Harajuku Lover (shredded chicken breast, avocado, cucumber topped with spicy teriyaki sauce and pineapple sauce)Although they have an extensive menu, I consider this strictly a watering hole, especially during their happy hour.Happy hour is daily from 4p-7p, and all speciality drinks are 1/2 off, as well as all appetziers, sake bombers, wines, and sake infusions.The specialty drinks are a liquid dreams.My favorite is the "Hello Kitty" which is strawberry infused sake and Japanese strawberry soda, mixed with vodka.   Runner up is the "Katori Kick," pineapple infused sho-chu, zen green tea liqueur, and fresh lime juice.  For a lighter cocktail, try the "Harajuku Lover,. which is a pearl plum vodka and sparkling sake.The karaoke rooms are small, but the large one comfortably seats nearly twenty people.  If you can get that many people together for a room, the $150 per hour cost is not so bad.  We had a fantastic time in there, and were complete clowns.  We had designated wait staff, so no one had to leave the room in order to get drinks.  (If you show up during happy hour, the karaoke rooms are half price, as well)Busiest nights are Fridays-Sundays.  Sundays are industry night, and all sushi rolls and appetizers are half off, as well as every drink in the house.If you want a peaceful and quiet dinner, this is not the place to come. Expect it loud and rockin.' If you are here late night, forget about finding a place to sit.If you want an incredible experience with a toilet, luxuriate on one of their heated toilets, complete with remote control panel where you can rinse and dry your bottom, down to controling the water temperature and air pressure.WIth so many Asian eateries in this city, this one brings a very unique pop culture experience.
4	What an awesome place.  First time there and had already eaten otherwise I would have ordered some sushi.  The place is fun, music going, busy, nice selection of people, and as my friend said (and I agree) one of the coolest/hottest bartenders around.  She's blonde, helpful, and cute - nice combo.  Overall though, the atmosphere is a winner.  It's not fancy or the nicest place you will ever go but it is fun period.  Go have a drink and hang out for a hour or two.
5	When I asked my fiance what he liked about this place, his response was "Everything!" The decor is cool, seating is neat & comfy, we go on Sundays and eat & drink off of the happy hour menu (Happy Hour All Day!) and get out of there SO CHEAP. The teriyaki ribs are AMAZING, so are the lettuce wraps.  Nice waitresses, and yes - cool bathrooms!!! The sushi is good, the music is better than a lot of the crap they play in most other restaurants these days... one of our favorite places to eat!
4	A fun place, with fun people and good eats! This place is consistent and is truly one of my top picks for happy hour and sushi. It has something for everyone and I've never had a bad experience. On my most recent visit, the server recognized me... I might have to cut back on my Geisha visits!I just so happens, almost every time I go to Geisha its happy hour! Thats because their happy hour runs EVERY day from 4-7pm! Great deals are found here at happy hour... Half off all specialty drinks, infused saki and sho-chu (similar to saki), appetizers and maki. It ends up being $3-5 for pretty much anything on the happy hour menus. I've never had a bad drink here and I'm pretty sure I've tried them all. The sushi doesn't disappoint and the apps are great! You can't beat their Spicy Yellowtail roll at $2.50. On the apps list, I highly recommend the Teriyaki Ribs. These lil pieces of pork heaven have a delicate teriyaki flavor and are so tender they fall off the bone. And they're only $5 on happy hour. =)This place also has private karaoke rooms. They have small rooms that hold up to 10 ppl and a large room that holds up to 20. Karaoke rooms are $75 and $150 an hour, respectively. And Get this... The rooms are HALF OFF during Happy Hour too!!  So if you can talk your friends into singing a few tunes, the shared cost of karaoke is minimal at these times. Everyone I've introduced to Geisha loves it and I hope you do too! p.s. Geisha, keep up the good work and don't change a thing.
4	Great happy hour 1/2 off on all apps and house sushi rolls... Ordered alot of both the sushi and apps and liked it all! The Tuna sliders were GREAT! I've been there both at night when it's packed and durning happy hour. I like the happy hour scene a little better but that's just my style. The Karoke room is fun to rent if you have a big group... :) I had a blast the last time we did that!
4	I used to like this place to kick off the evening when I lived in Scottsdale. On a recent visit into town I came here for happy hour and it was a good time!!! If you like sushi & sake happy hours, this is the place for you!!! They have a good selection of half prices appetizers (I'd say about 15 different selections ranging from $3-5 during happy hour) & sushi. Unlike a lot of sushi happy hours, which typically only offer California, tuna, and Philly rolls during happy hour, this place also offers yellow tail, Caterpillar, & rainbow rolls amongst several others (and "spicy" versions of a lot of these). The sushi is above average and worth the $3-5 that most rolls cost during happy hour. Enough about the food though!!! This IS happy hour after all, so it's the alcohol you want to hear about!!!! Well, the group I started off with wanted to sample the infused sake Geisha offers during happy hour, which includes strawberry, apple, pomegranate, and mango. We tried all of them except the strawberry. The apple was a little watered down but the mango and pomegranate were both good. These were $4 each during happy hour for about 4 or 5 sake glasses worth for each.  Next up were sake bombers!!! Three dollar Sapporo's and I think $2 for sake. They also offer specialty cocktails during happy hour, which I didn't try, but apparently they've changed a little from when Geisha first started happy hour. The night we were there we had about 10 people in our group. I wish I could remember our waitress's name, but she did a good job handling us. She had no problem dividing up bills, and didn't give the evil eye when a few people complained about drinks. She just switched them out no questions asked. Like I said, if you like happy hour sushi & sake, you'll like this place!!! Happy hour runs from 4-7. Since I was visiting from out of town and a couple people I came with got off work early we showed up shortly after it started. It was a great way to start the evening, but as you can imagine those of us who started here were a DISASTER by the end of the night!!!
4	Let me start by saying I'm probably older than most of the people reviewing this place. I choose my eateries based on the food...the vibe is important, but secondary. So I'll limit my comments on the whole karaoke thing....yes, it's probably a decent place to party down, get smashed and make a fool of yourself, if you're into that sort of thing. But I'm a retired musician, so I've done more than my share of belting out a tune. I came here for the food.So...the vibe didn't do much for me when I walked in....it's set up more like a bar than a restaurant...cramped, dark and loud. Fortunately, it was a pleasant evening, and only around 6PM (it was a dinner meeting), so I was able to miss the rush =and= grab a table outside. A table full of noisy drunk yuppie college kids and some poorly chosen music could have harshed my mellow if I'd been in a crummy mood...but I wasn't, and it didn't.As to the food....for a sushi snob, it's not easy to find decent sushi anywhere in the Phoenix area. So I was pleasantly surprised. The fact that it was happy hour and all the appetizers were half price made it even more pleasant. Tried the spider roll, tuna roll, sashimi, and some non-sushi items too...ahi sliders, cucumber salad...all quite good. The spring rolls were a bit nondescript, but all in all, not bad. The service...well, the waitress was cute and called everyone darling, but I'd have rather she actually knew how to pay attention. (Okay, I guess I'm showing my age again, but I've fulfilled most of my waitress fantasies, and these days I just want them to bring me my food on time.)All in all...not bad. I'd eat there again, but I'd try and make sure I could sit outside.
4	Happy Hour is legit here.I love any place in Olde Town that looks great and has a great crowd but it doesn't take a strippers pay check to hang out.  This is a place like that.Went at happy hour for a friends birthday.  We ordered what seemed liked everything on the menu and everything was delish and nothing broke the bank.  Very pleased.Im not a sushi snob in anyway as you can see I like almost every place I go to. However, do to the fact that they have great food, waitresses, great bathrooms, and a pic of Jimi Hendrix at the bar this place easily gets 4 stars.  Only reason I wont give it 5 is I have been here at night and the place has gotten too crowded and that gets annoying.4 1/2 stars
5	I have never really been a fan of public masturbation, but then again, I had never been to Geisha A Go Go's restrooms before either. Ladies, they have an osculating bidet that has front and back controls.......There was a large (and excessively rowdy) group of us in one of the private Karaoke rooms celebrating Nathan S's 35th birthday this  past Saturday and I gotta say, I had a damn blast. We sang Love Shack and Sweet Caroline and Careless Wisperer. I even did an inappropriate duet to "Like A Virgin."Oh, and those pear vodka champagne drink things?? I unknowingly sucked down 6 of them. Thanks to Georgie S for making sure it was Grey Goose. Anyway, sure I paid $54, but I was seriously having the best drunken blast and I felt like I hadn't touched a drop the next morning.So, the waitress fucking hated us, but we had a g-damned blast. A BLAST. We twirled on poles, sang horrifically at the top of our lungs and probably contracted some diseases from the booths and carpets, but whatevs, it was a blast!And P.S... I never actually used the bidet.... really... for more than a second
4	Geisha A Go Go is an awesome, inspired location for a birthday party. Specifically the private Karaoke room, but the whole bar is pretty cool. There is a random rock in the middle of the bar, which I'm convinced has more to do with tripping up drunks than it does feng shui.  Drink menu highlights include Sakes and Sou-chus, loads of asian beers, and cocktails that look AWESOME (I haven't gotten drunk here, tragic!). Harajuko Lover? Yes please!The Karaoke room is sweet, though the location of the pole is awkward and people sitting on the couches need to watch out for wildly flailing body parts as their drunk friends work it out. Maybe that's half the fun? All in all a solid bet for a guaranteed hysterical night of karaoke, alcohol and dinosaurs in space. Or whatever other birthday theme you'd like to apply.
5	Although I haven't had the opportunity to try out the famous Karaoke rooms I have definitely enjoyed happy hour here and I have to say that it is Amazing! Its definitely going to be a spot of mine for a while. I took my parents and hubby with me yesterday to check it out because Ive heard great things about their Happy Hour.My husband and I had two martinis each along with sliders and fries, friend rice and chicken tempura. My parents had sushi and it was pretty awesome as well. Our bill for the two of us was only $30 and we were so full that we didn't need dinner. I cant wait to go back!Im currently recruiting for a karaoke session!
4	I was gonna give three stars to denote "a-ok" and then I decided four stars for "yay! i'm a fan" -- why? Because I purposely went back here and took a friend. I would be lying by omission if i didn't tell you that part of the reason I wanted to go back here was for the ladies restroom ;)  What? can't a girl like a fun toliet? I also purposely chose the rolls that DIDN'T use tortillas as the wrap. It seemed really, really off the first time I came here and tried the Gaijin which uses tortillas.  The chicken gyoza has been delicious both times, i wish they served more than 5. The other rolls we tried and that were tasty were: Spicy Tuna, Foku and J-Pop. Was it the best in town? probably not. but did it satisfy? most certainly.The drinks?  Mmm Mmm Good! My friend had the Turning Japanese (which I tried as a shot the first time I went and either it was made really sweet, or it tastes super sweet after the Mango Sake) and she thought it was delicious - so delicious she had 3.  I had the Hello Kitty and it was delicious - so delicious I had 3.Probably my only negative is the music was too loud. I think that it might just be me though...Oh, judging by the lovely lady crawling up the pole in a karaoke room where the door was open (from the outside of the restaurant) -- that could be a REAL. GOOD. TIME.  Might have to try that - the karaoke room, not the pole!
4	02.06.10I love the decor of this place!  It's rock meets Japan - jrock, perhaps?Karaoke happens in the private room(s) in the back.  So no drunken performances that night, whew.Late night sushi until midnight while you drink.  Excellent.
3	Beware, I got so F*&!ed up here and in record time.  Their sake will knock you on your ass.  Yeah the sushi was great and the service was friendly... but I spent most of the night making friends with my toilet. Good luck and bring an extra liver.
2	Food was mediocre and the rental rates for a room to sing karaoke were pricey. It took the waitress a bit to get drinks so the buzz never really sunk in. An empty glass in a bar is a waste. Not overly generous on the booze either. Two  hours and $300 later, I was only slightly buzzed, as was my friend, so we decided to trek over to The Grapevine.
4	Read about this in "Phoenix" magazine under their "50 Best Bars" article.  Then checked it out on Yelp and it had good reviews.  Booked the reservation for last night on OpenTable and we had a blast.  The DJ was spinning old school hip hop - really loud - and it was a fun way to enjoy great sushi.  It isn't really a restaurant - it's more of a lounge / club vibe.  It would be a great place to start your evening on the town.
4	Yay!  Karaoke during happy hour was worthwhile;  I would not pay full price.    They had my fav white wine (Kim Crawford Sauv. Blanc) so Kudos for that.  Great Song Selection, okay crowd, people were not extremely friendly there.
4	Geisha A Go Go...the theme is exactly the stereotype that American's collected of Japan during the war, but the awfulness makes it a guilty pleasure for me.  After studying Japanese for six years it's hard to go to a Japanese punk/rock themed sushi/ Karaoke bar with authenticated toilets without laughing at the Hello Kitty titled martini. I couldn't build the courage to try the Pokemon inspired dish.  Too afraid it would be something electric and related to rat. Would have loved if the waitresses had a little more spunk. I felt like I was in some teeny bopper themed beach st. hangout in Laguna.  On a good note, the sushi was cheap, but for a place also owned (and this is what I've heard) by stingray sushi...the sushi promotion should have been a whole lot better. Tip, GO DURING HAPPY HOUR.  I honestly have to go back and review it again without bias.  Maybe going in blindfolded would help.    Good thing myself and Ameerah A. know our sushi, or we would have ordered dragon roll expecting dragon! I loved the sushi bar, but wish there was seating there (that's where you drown yourself in sake and sashimi after a chew out at work) the Green seats were nice as well. the Pachinko machines were classic. One said cleverly in Japanese 'press button' so, by pressing the button you release a Japanese Oni that yells at the top of his lungs and chases you out of the restaurant.  Haven't found that button yet have you? too busy with the spraying toilets I see. ;)
5	OkI flippin' LOVED this place!There was just something about it that I loved.I loved the smokin' awesome happy hour deals.I loved the toilets!!!  (OMG!!!!!!!!!!)I'll return, many times I'm sure.
4	Oh Geisha, how you go go! I went here with a couple of my friends after their day of Sunday Funday and my day Work day Shmerk day.  I had never had the opportunity to go to this place but was always wanted to try it out since their seemed to a nice crowd on the patio.  Well let me tell you what I think, that is why you are reading this of course...It was packed! Like crazy packed! But there was the nicest hostess! We had a party of about 8 people coming and she said it would be a wait, but not a problem! She kept checking in with me to make sure I was ok and letting me know where we were on the wait time for the table!  Who ever was working as the hostess on the 4/18 around 5pm.  Give that chick a raise! She was awesome! No matter how busy I saw she was, she always made me feel like I was not forgotten in the shuffle.Well we sat down and my friends were drunk and starving! I mean they spent the day at the culinary festival so you know they didn't have an opportunity to eat! Our waitress was so sweet! she informed us that it was half off Sunday! All sushi and drinks were half off! I've never been so happy in all my life! I ordered two vegetarian rolls and my friends ordered the left side of the menu plus a couple rolls and drinks.  Our waitress was on top of it!  After the crazy amount of drinks and food that we ordered the bill was only $70.  If you eat at a sushi restaurant, anyone knows the bill is usually around $100.  I was so impressed!  This place is awesome and should defiantly be a stop on a Sunday Funday!Oh P.S.  Their toilets are crazy! their mechanical and warming and I don't know what is going on, but you have to check it out.
3	I went to Geisha last night for my buddies birthday and had a great time.  They were playing great music and there was a great crowd.  We had a table outside on the patio so we could enjoy the great weather.  I ordered the Halibut sashimi.  It was a little tough in the middle of each piece but the rest of the fish just melted in your mouth.  Supposedly there was a sauce on it but I didn't taste it.  Our waitress was very nice and was always checking up on us and making sure our drinks were always full.  I will go back again for sure just next time I will order something else off the menu.
4	Love this spot!  The karaoke rooms are great (one of them even has a stripper pole), bathrooms WINNAR.  Drinks are super addictive.  The sushi is of the more Americanized variety -- but there are some decent options.  Plus, there is plenty of other bar food available - mini-cheeseburgers, chicken, etc.  all served piping hot with plenty of flavor.  Happy hour prices can not be beat!  I've been here on Friday/Saturdays and the atmosphere is great.  If you arrive early or on a weekday -- you can still enjoy the bar minus a crowd.
2	A little underwhelmed, a little over stimulated, but I wouldn't fight my friends or refuse to show up if they planned a happy hour here. The identity crisis between sports bar and sushi bar was a little distracting to me - we sat outside where TVs were playing some sporting event, but inside seemed more like Feng Shui-ed. The restrooms were highly entertaining with remote controlled toilets and sensor activated zen inspiring pebble sinks; if I wasn't so hungry I probably would have spent more time in there playing with the gadgets. We unfortunately had just missed happy hour, but I could see how the slashed prices may be somewhat redeeming. The menu had some pretty decent veg options. However, the tofu lettuce wraps had a sour funk that smelled like feet. They didn't taste much better either so I'd steer clear of those if I were ever to stumble on the occasion where I had no choice but to dine here. I'll admit the veggie roll was actually tasty, not enough to make me a loyal patron though.I've had better food. I've had better atmosphere. I've spent less money on mediocre sushi. I left feeling satiated, but after trying to wash those lettuce wraps down with sake, I still had to brush the sour feet out of my mouth when I got home.
3	Private karaoke rooms sparked my interest when Geisha a Go Go first came to town. We have sushi restaurants on practically every corner, but karaoke is a different story. Technically, Geisha a Go Go didn't start out as a sushi restaurant but they soon joined in on the Phoenix sushi phenomenon. On a weekend night, be prepared to wait for a table and push your way through the crowd, but the best time to go is on Sunday. Why? All day happy hour. That's right. For the entire day, half the menu is half off, including tasty drinks like the hello kitty.Ladies, this sounds strange, but check out the ladies room and report back to me on your findings.  So, geisha a go go is definitely not a no-no on Sundays, or if you're looking for a good spot pre-night on the town.
4	The sushi is pretty good and if you catch it at happy hour prices then the tab is CHEAP.  Well worth checking out.
3	After almost literally walking all around Scottsdale trying to find a place for dinner, we finally settled on this place. The Yelp reviews are not quite as plentiful as they are in the SF Bay Area so it took some time for us to make our decision as we looked up places to eat. Usually we look for 3 1/2 stars plus on 100 or more reviews unless it's somewhere new, but in Scottsdale we had to base our choices on about half the number of reviews.We were drawn in by the pachinko machines in the lobby and were convinced to stay by the Richard Avedon prints behind the bar. The restaurant has kind of a cave like atmosphere so it's definitely a unique experience especially considering that there are karaoke boxes in the back.We ordered a few of their rolls and appetizers which were half off on their happy hour special. The rolls were really tasty and the appetizers were good but had they been regular price it probably wouldn't be worth it.Definitely a cool place but more so for the ambiance than the food.It was a Sunday so we were sold on the half off maki. We really liked the decor. There were pachinko machines in the front with a few big Richard Avedon posters on the wall behind the bar. The interior was kind of like a cave We ordered a couple
5	Seriously THE BEST happy hour in old town...$4 sake carafes make my day that much better!  The drinks are great, the bartenders are hot and the don't miss out on the food.  Try the fried rice AMAZING!And if you're looking for a great group place, reserve a private karaoke room. Get the one with the entertainment pole and you're almost guaranteed a good time.Oh, and did I mention that they're open late?Long story short.  Fabulous signature drinks/cocktails, good food and great times with friends.GO....NOW :)
5	their happy hour rocks! fun ambiance. great drinks and great sushi.
4	This is only my second time here in 2 years and then it was funky yet chaotic because it was so new. This time was very laid back, great music great Happy Hour prices, food was excellent and had a great variety of appetizers to choose from. My date ordered me the pikachu..tasty..not too sweet..just right..Goldilocks would be pleased. Bartenders were friendly but not stalker like. All in all a fantastic experience..highly recommended especially for Happy Hour. Oh and how can I forget...their toilets are interactive..you'll know what I mean. ;p
4	Love the Hello kitty drink here! Great happy hour prices!
4	I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.      *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only)     *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!    *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)    *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends onlyThe only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).
5	If ever we needed  a place to party Geisha would be on that list! THe bartenders are amazing and just like the other reviews on here the Karaoke rooms are no joke! Get a group of friends together, splash in a little happy hour and you are bound to set yourself up for memorable moments! My server was awesome too! Drink kept on flowing and before we knew it it was 2AM! :)
4	I can't believe I lived in Scottsdale for over 2 years before going to Happy Hour here! It just made my day complete! I've gone there late night before. After the usual first stop at Saddle Ranch, my friends and I would wander over to Geisha and of course hover around the rock in the middle of the floor. That was my first love of Geisha.Now I've finally experienced their Happy Hour, which they even have on Sundays! How could you not love that? 1/2 price on all their drinks and appetizers--sign me up!!! Seriously though, the food was good. I had the veggie tempura, edamame, and gyoza (pork dumplings). I haven't developed a taste for sushi, but my friend loves it and has been going every Sunday for about 5 months now just to get it.Plus, 1/2 price saki? Saki bombs anyone? Yes, please.
4	Go Go now to happy hour at Geisha A Go Go! HALF PRICE for house rolls, appetizers, and drinks that are already fairly priced! The setting is hip but relaxed and the service is great (guys, and some girls, will want to enthusiastically thank the HR department). It's not the finest sushi in town, and the menu is "American Japanese" but they'll tell you themselves that's exactly what they're going for.
2	I try to sample sushi in every city I visit and let me say, this was some sub par sushi. A friend recommended we come here, but  confessed she'd never had the sushi. I wish she had so I wouldn't have wasted my Scottsdale sushi sampling here.Sushi was not particularly fresh and they use that disgusting mayonnaisy crab mix in the rainbow roll. I'm so tired of sushi places not noting on their menu that they use KRAB (aka imitation) and not crab. Perhaps I'm just an L.A. sushi snob, but I can't get into a sushi spot like this. It was extremely inauthentic and the sushi tasted very manufactured. The only reason this spot didn't get a one star is due to the friendly staff. The bartenders were really pretty so I can see why men might frequent the spot. From reading the other reviews it seems the happy hour is the best thing going. Well sad to say we didn't make the happy hour and paid outrageous prices for pitiful sushi. Would not recommend for anyone looking to actually enjoy sushi.
4	I've been to Geisha a few times now and I'm a huge fan. They have delicious, creative, fattening (yes, I like cream cheese in my sushi you haters), funny named, fantastic sushi rolls. One has fritos on it for god's sake...this place is all-American. I won't go into detail on how amazing the sushi is, but it is. Lots of things to choose from and if you're not a super big sushi person, this is prob a great place to try out b/c the rolls are very mild. My fav part of this place is their infused sake. You get an entire carafe for $8...great deal in Old Town. I've had mango, pineapple, pomegranate and apple. All were good, but mango was the best. They also have some delish cocktails that knocked me on my ass pretty quickly...highly suggest. Another perk - the waitresses are actually really nice. Skanky, yes. But extremely nice and helpful. I don't expect that from a place like this in Old Town. Great people watching and great music plays throughout the bar/restaurant...give this place a try, you'll like!
3	Well I've only been once so maybe it was just a crazy night but Geisha just didn't really do it for me. I went with a small group of friends and had called 5 days in advance to make a table reservation. It still took them almost an hour to seat us. The drinks and the food were ok and since it was happy hour the price weren't bad but everything was just ok, nothing special. We did have a really sweet waitress who kept up with us even though it was a very busy night and even took the time recommend items.  So i'll stop by again and try it again.
2	Fisher Price Sushi...The sushi was expensive and tasted all the same. I had 3 rolls from the specialty list and all 3 rolls were loaded with tons of rice which drowned out the flavor.  I can't believe I paid $15 for a roll that was mostly rice and imitation crab.  Sushi rolls should emphasize the fish. This place did not live up to all the hype with their fancy names for their rolls.  Their rolls are good for people who don't normally eat sushi and are afraid to eat the real stuff... Fisher Price Sushi - my first sushi roll.  Yes, I am a sushi snob. 2 stars for the cool atmosphere with good music. It seems like a fun place to drink just as long as you are not going for the sushi.
4	Three things make Geisha A Go Go my go to place in Old Town for happy hour... 3 things... and they are -Teriyaki Ribs (oh my!)Hello Kitty (sake martini/cocktail of oh so yummy strawberry like goodness)and....(drum roll please...)All night happy hour on Sundays from 3p til 2am. What kind of happy hour you ask? half off appetizers, of which the Teriyaki Ribs are part of... half of maki/house rolls and half off (insert angels singing in unison here.) half off all drinks in house. yes you heard that right, half off u-call its, specialty drinks, sake bombers, sake infusion drinks... i'm telling you it's heaven for the Sunday lush!So, why should you go other than the three things listed above? Because when you have a hankering to end the week with good times or start the week in a drunken daze this my yelpers is the place to go. The atmosphere is great, good music, good vibes, good drinks, music videos to watch, oh and yummy teriyaki ribs to scarf down, oh and good eye candy, girls and boys alike to secretly check out. Oh, and if you have a big group make sure to reserve a table for groups 10 or more coz it's crowded by 5. and when they say the wait time is at least an hour, believe it coz no ones leaving a good happy hour at Geisha! deuces!
3	3 1/2 Stars - I always enjoy the the music here.  Some rap, some rock, some I just don't know but I dig.  I love the picture frames here - Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, & Sid Vicious accompaning me for a drink or two :)  Rock and Roll Sushi!  I can't say I'm a fan of the Karaoke here.  Tad bit too expensive for me.  I'll just stick with Rock Band :)  Sunday all day Happy Hour yikes!  Keep me away or I'll be the bartenders best friend.  Did anybody try the bathrooms yet?  I don't know what you call it, but man it's one awesome JOHN.  I highly recommend you try it out :) enjoy!
5	This is a good place to start the week for the Sunday Rock Garden night. It's basically happy hour, but it last all day :). I really love this place. I've become a Sunday HH regular here. I can't believe I didn't go here sooner in my whole time living here. The house rolls were half off, appetizers were half off, and the drinks were half off as well.My favorites here: For the signature drink there, and I did a fair bit of sample them, was the Blue Berrymore. It was a nice drink on a nice summer day. I enjoy their house rolls. The Geisha A Go Go roll was delicious, wrapped in their "Geisha Green" soy paper with a jalapeno sauce. The Gaijin roll, a specialty roll here, was yummy. It was an interesting take on a chimi, topped with their chipotle sauce made it super yummy. I really enjoyed the calamari here, again paired with the chipotle sauce for dipping, and the teriyaki ribs, which were so good and tender. The fried rice is really yummy as are their other apps. The ones I mentioned are just my favorites and ones to try. The apps here are a good portion size, unlike some other places, where you can actually share with people. It's a good place for food and the environment is really awesome! There's an awesome DJ mixing fun music, nice eye candy. It's a good place all around :)
4	Not bad... I admit I had some preconceived notions, but happy hour and a couple rounds of sake bombs certainly helped with that. I'm reviewing this on my drinking and entertainment experience since I didn't really order food. I really liked the setup of this place and the indoor/outdoor layout, there was a nice size crowd on a Thursday night too. I was actually surprised that this place was a lot smaller than it looked in the pictures on their website, but I didn't feel crowded or anything so it wasn't much of an issue. I've gotta agree with Erin G. though, I'm sure that random rock in the middle is there to trip up the drunkies!  Also, I wasn't planning on doing karaoke at first, but if you're going with a good size group of friends, throw down some money to get a room. They had a huge book of song selections and it comes complete with a disco ball and pole, which means good times are to be had for all!I'm not usually in this area, but it seems like a cool place to meet up with people and have a few drinks...it'll definitely give me an excuse to try the food if I'm ever back here.
1	It has more of a college bar feel than Hip Tokyo sushi bistro. I could see where it could be fun possibly as a club sort of venue with friends on a very crowded Friday night. But, it's marketed as a hip sushi bistro and didn't really deliver. The night was light with customers, only a few tables, yet, they struggled to keep glasses full and service the table. Food was OK. The bento box teppan was disappointing, small, and over priced. The sushi rolls were OK but, you wouldn't be surprised to get them in a mall. The drinks were good. Unfortunately, we ended up having to go for 'second dinner' at another restaurant after wards to end up with a decent meal for the night. Oddly I think the place is owned by the same folks that own Stingray, yet Stingray is delicious and is such a major step up over Geisha it's hard to believe it's from the same parents. I almost never rate restaurants this low, but, it just was a bad experience for what it claims to be. If it was marketed as a bar to get drunk, get sick, and jostle with friends, OK... two stars.. but, it's nothing like anything you'd see in Tokyo.
4	I took my boyfriend here for some sushi and drinks on a sunday night and it was great. When we got there the hostess said there was a wait of about 30- 45 mins so we just sat and had drinks at the bar and jammed to  the music. Then about 15 mins later a table was ready for us and we were drinking and eating. My boyfriend ordered lettuce wraps and 3 plates of different sushi and I ordered fried rice, I dont really do sushi, and he enjoyed every last bite. For drinks altogether we had one sake bomb, one matini, and 2 crafts of flavored sake and for all the food and drinks it only cost about $40. Im really cheap but I thought that was great considering all the food my boyfirend ordered. The only downfall was that I left my sweater at the bar after we relocated to our dining table and when I realized it was missing it was nowhere to be found.
4	Geisha has become my go-to when I need to satisfy the sushi craving.2 things that keep this sushi-lover coming back regularly...  Quality sushi, and affordable prices.Aside from the decor, karaoke, and the service...  The happy hour has great pricing which make it affordable to visit once or twice every week.  If they were open for lunch, I would probably visit more often.
4	Check out Geisha any time sunday for great specials on food and alcohol... Good vibe... pretty people and DJ type music on. Great place to roll into in shorts or dressed up. Many different types of sake make this place stand out.
4	So, I went into Old Town Scottsdale to meet my daughter for Happy Hour.LOVE this place! First of all the seating is separated subtly.  You feel like you have your own space but get to enjoy being with all the other patrons.  Very well designed.  The low ceiling of the restaurant lends itself to a very quaint feeling. Well appointed and designed with a unique twist.  Not your standard decor for a restaurant with an Asian theme name. Great outdoor patio that flows into the main area so that you can look out onto the street whether you are seated inside or out.Our waitress was excellent.  Attentive and followed up without hovering.  We couldn't ask for better service.I started with one of their signature happy hour drinks. "Turning Japanese" which is a pear cocktail.  Perfectly yummy!  Not to sweet, not to dry. (Happy Hour specialty cocktails are half price.  Right on!)They offer all their appetizers half price as well for happy hour.  We started with two rolls; a rainbow roll and a lobster roll.  Both very good and fresh.  We followed  up with scallop sliders....FABULOUS! These must be tried, they are unique and wonderful!!They also have a very unique list of flavored infused Saki.  If you love Saki you will want to give these a try.The only reason I didn't give a full five stars is because I will want to come back and try the full menu, not just happy hour.  But, from what I've seen and experienced, I would suggest this Sushi style restaurant to anyone!
4	The happy hour is sooo good! Very happy with both the food and service!
4	I moved to Scottsdale a year ago from the midwest and have been to Geisha at least a dozen times, all during happy hour. The drink and food specials are awesome so even if it's really busy I don't get too cranky about it.The only day that's been really tough is Friday - between 5 and 7 it's packed and sometimes the service gets a little sluggish. I don't blame the wait staff, they're all hustling, it's just that the bar is slammed. Honestly, I normally just double up on my drink order instead of running dry... it might not be the classiest method, but it works.LOVE the Vegetable Gyoza and the Phat Daddy roll. Totally recommend their flavored sake and the Harajuku Lover.Also, I've heard that karaoke here is a blast, but I haven't done it yet.
3	Fun place in old town Scottsdale.  The drinks are pretty good.  Appetizers are delicious.  The group I was ordered sushi (which they enjoyed) and the waitress walked away without taking my non-sushi order.  After waving her down, I ordered the ramen - big mistake as it was horrible.The bathroom with its total toilets are an experience within themselves...Overall, sushi, apps, and drinks are good.  Be cautious when ordering other food items...
3	I searched on yelp for some good happy hour places near work and Geisha A Go Go came up. (Happy hour every day 5-7)They have a lengthy list of half price appetizers and house sushi rolls. Also, their specialty drinks are half price. This also puts sake/beer at $4! We ordered: Fried rice $4Vegetable dumplings $3 (weird texture with the edamame in there)Spicy yellow tail roll $3 Eel and avocado roll $3.50 Shrimp tempura roll $42 Sake with 2 Saporro. $8 1 shot of strawberry infused sake. $4and some fruity drinks, but I forgot what they were called. For 3 people, we paid under $40 before tip. Great deal. The food was good, but nothing amazing but the happy hour specials were great.
3	First of all - you know this isn't sushi, right? Yeah, its not. And quite frankly, its not a dinner spot either. Don't let that Asian menu fool you... the tables are awkward to sit at, the plates and portions are UNREAL small and not made for sharing oh and try not to be distracted by the Geisha Girl waitresses that look like they are straight out of a slutty Japanamation comicstrip - seriously. What's it good for? Well, go to Stingray and get some good sushi and then walk over to Geisha for drinks and karaoke in private rooms. That's about it.
4	Happy happy.The quality could be better, but when you're paying half price for apps and house rolls, it's hard to complain.  I mean, $2.75 for a spicy tuna roll...how can you go wrong?  Add half off specialty drinks and beer and you can get full and buzzed for under $20. Now that's a happy ending.
1	I chose this place for somewhere different and the reviews were mixed. The website's view of the inside of the bar is taken from a wide angle lens and it was smaller than I expected but I liked the eclectic feel. The music was good but the drinks were horrible (watered down and tasteless) the saki was watered down too. We just went there for appetizers and drinks and the food was less than average, like supermarket sushi at Trader Joes, bland. Quite a few guys with guys, so if you are a single lady or a married one who's husband got hit on like me, then pass this place up. The toilet was the only nice thing about this place.
4	Definitely good as far as I'm concerned.  Not the best sushi you'll ever have, but for the prices, it's just fine.Also, the crowd is great, just so long as you aren't a bigoted hick who is afraid of her husband turning gay after (possibly - maybe) being hit on by one guy...LOL.Seriously, check it out.
2	I don't love Geisha but I don't hate it either. The sushi is good, the drinks are what we go for mostly and the atmosphere is pretty nice, not my favorite place in old town but if you have never been it's worth stopping in.
5	A few nights ago I was really craving some good sashimi and I happened to wander by Geisha. Being that it was just me, I sat up at the bar. The bartender was very friendly and attentive, and he even made me a delicious bellini which is not on the menu by the way. I ordered the yellowtail sashimi as well as the salmon sashimi and both of these fish came out very fresh and flavorful. The decor in this place is very cool! Its a small space, but they use the space well including a patio and a private karaoke room. And the bathrooms...how do I explain the bathrooms...let's just say the toilet has options. Yes. Options for your bathroom experience. Overall, it was a good time, and I will definitely be back with friends.
4	SUNDAY FUNDAY!! Everything is half off on Sundays. Yes, so this is where you will be finding me when Sunday Night Football is on. They have flavored Saki that my friend has turned me on to. They have great sushi that is served to perfection. And lets not forget the DJ. Love the DJ. Bring your friends, get some Saki, and enjoy the last day of the weekend.
5	to celebrate my gals completion of the 3-day, we headed over to geisha for some happy hour goodness. such a good deal! it was chilly outside and there weren't many patrons, so we siddled up inside. '''our waitress was friendly and attentive. the happy hour selections are quite extensive and we eventually settled on 2 half price apps, and 2 sushi rolls. only the house maki is on happy hour specials, but there are plenty of options. the tuna sliders we had were a meal in itself, so we felt as though we got a good deal. 20 bucks for two. but no drinks...they do run about 4.50 for happy hour. very cool decor and karaoke....i hear william hung is coming there in december!
4	AWESOME HAPPY HOUR. We didn't stay for karaoke, but the list of appetizers and drink prices available for happy hour warrants 4 stars.  I don't eat sushi, but there was a good bit of it available on happy hour and ALL appetizers were half off.  If you are into sake, you can get a whole carafe for $4.  I can only speak for happy hour, but it was a good deal and a great atmosphere!
2	This was my second time at Geisha both were for my birthday. Last year we had a great time and they really went above and beyond I would give that experience 4.5 stars! The server was great and we had so much fun. This year they were kind of snooty with us. We were all ordering food spending money and they come in the room and demand the money for the room rental. It was embarrassing. They had my credit card why in the world they did that was beyond me. We also got the "big" room this time and I was expecting more food as per advertised on the website. Nope. 2 little trays of food. I think we had 4 trays last time in the small room that's only $100 an hour. The large room isn't cheap even half off you have to book 2 hours so it's $150. I don't think I will be repeating again next year. Just not worth the hassle. Also their website has a bunch of false info about happy hour. Beware. Many of my friends were charged different prices for the same things.
3	I was in Phoenix last week for work and wanted to try a sushi place that I hadn't been to before in Old Town. (Somewhat of a challenge since I lived there for six years.) Geisha a Go Go came up on both my Yelp and OpenTable mobile app, so I thought, why not?All of the reviews raved about their happy hour which I'd be missing since I wouldn't be off work in time. We went down anyways for dinner since the food reviews were pretty good. I was expecting this place to be a restaurant but its TOTALLY more like a bar. The tables were tiny and the music was blaring. We ordered several dishes for dinner which barely fit on the table at the same time. The food was good but I was expecting a normal sit-down dinner which we didn't get.Case in point - when everyone raves about happy hour at a place on yelp - go there for happy hour, not dinner!
5	Geisha HH Sundays cannot be beat... I am officially a Geisha groupie/whore coz i love this place! The music's always HAPPENING and the drinks are plenty cheap and constantly a-pouring, I swear if I could choose my heaven I think Geisha would be it... (hmmm that can either mean i wanna party it up or I am that crassy?)! Anywho, I celebrated my birthday at Geisha last October and got myself the largest karaoke room available to fit my guestlist of 20. Now, they say that the room can fit 20 but I think they fail to mention... maybe 20 skinny Japanese not 20 american adults. lol. I got the room for half price since my bday was on a sunday (i later found out and not sure if it has always been but you can get a karaoke room free on your bday, score! not for me =( ) Anyways, karaoke room at half off with some free apps, and a server that handled my group's orders, and with all day hh going on and 2 hours of fun and bad singing = hella good fun! I loved that the total of the bill split amongst people came out to around $210 excl. the room, lots of cocktails were had and soooooooooo many orders of teriyaki ribs. And this is why I adore Geisha, the apps don't suck, the rolls are yummy, the drinks delicious and the atmosphere cannot be beat. I always rave about this place and I think the consequence is that this place gets even more crowded every Sun I come here. still in love with you Geisha!!
4	So things may have gotten off to a rocky start (losing our reservation for 13 and having to eat outside), but thanks to friendly service and yummy rolls, I found myself in a very forgiving mood. Is this place super authentic for you sushi snobs? Definitely no. But it's a fun atmosphere and there are plenty of options for vegetarians, and even non-sushi eaters (everyone loved the chicken teriyaki sliders). The most memorable item of the night for me was a roll featuring crushed fritos. Sounds gross, I know, but with the katsu sauce on it it tasted more like panko breading than corn chips. Most importantly, the cocktails are amazing - I could not get enough of my kiwi cocktail (I think it was called the kinky cooler - ignore the name and just try it!)After dinner, we piled into one of the private karaoke rooms and thanks to our helpful waitress and many sake bombs, we had a wonderful night. They were lacking some randomly important karaoke songs, but we managed to have a good time regardless. I have to say I thought we'd get more use out of the pole in the middle of the room though!Two very important notes, one good, one not so good:First, you MUST go to the bathroom. Anyone who's ever been curious about those fancy Japanese toilets will have a blast in the ladies' room (can't speak for the boys' room). I'm surprised they put them in because I bet on busy nights a long line must form as people are testing out all the fun, weird functions on the toilet. Second, a note to whoever writes the descriptions for the rolls on the menu: You may not have too many Asians in your life, but next time you're thinking of a way to describe your sushi, saying things like 'you no likey?' and 'herro!' are not appropriate and may be offensive to some!
4	Sign me up for a return visit based on the eye candy alone. Every server here was a total smoke show! The amount of times I fell in love was the equivalent to the number of sake bombs I consumed (4) making my evening both easy on the eyes and buzzworthy. Even though I showed up late to meet my coworkers and the food was not exactly fresh, it was certainly apparent that for Scottsdale sushi this is a hot spot. Several of the rolls I tried were unique with innovative flavor combinations. For dessert we headed into the private karaoke rooms where I ordered a large humiliation sundae. My only caution is to be prepared for the most random song selection you've ever seen. With very minimal hip hop or 80's tunes and a heavy dose of Celine Dion, just be prepared to double my intake of bombs in order to be comfortable singing here.
5	A trip to Geisha A Go-Go = a cab-cab ride home.  I just love this place, and it's quickly becoming a favorite spot for heading out with the Little Lady, meeting friends for HH, late evening, late night, anytime!HH specials are fantastic, and the food is very good (this isn't a premium sushi joint...but very respectable sushi for a bar).  Geisha is just a really cool spot, that does a lot of different things well...and it all works out somehow.  It's a bar, a restaurant, a club, and a karaoke spot.  Constant good vibe and great service.I've only had the bad judgement to bring my tone-deaf-no-talent self into a karaoke room once, and I promise you there is not enough sake in this place for that to happen again!
4	Remember your first? Kind of awk, there were lots of adult beverages and too many people around, maybe you were both trying a bit too hard, but then you felt elated afterward? Yeah, Geisha a Go-Go was like that. Although I was much like Cameron Diaz in my best friend's wedding (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTSBUUpoqRQ) overall I had a rad time at this karaoke bar, mostly due to the company. If I had to rate this spot on sushi alone, they'd probably get a 3, and although the fries tasted fishy, we kept eating them. Fries at a sushi bar, you ask? Yes, yes indeed. The menu was a bit overwhelming  - sometimes it's better to have fewer options rather than more - although I thought the Geisha Lips, Astroboy and Dragonball rolls were standouts. The drink menu is predictably strong and fruity, with kudos to the infused sakes, lots of bubbles options (although only one by the glass), and the Kotori Kick.Would I go back to Geisha? Well, she was my karaoke first, so she'll always hold a special place in my heart. So, yes.P.S. Do not miss a stop in the bathroom. Seriously.
4	Wake me up, before you Geisha A Go Go...This place conjures up images of super cool Geisha chicks wearing modified robes (ie super short) with white boots dancing to "These Boots Are Made For Walking." I just love the fun vibe here, which is carried through to both the cocktail and sushi menus. It's not just about vibe, though. The food is Wham Bam Good!The veggie gyoza is possibly amongst the best I've ever had and I've had a lot in my time. I'm talking about whole edamame in the dumplings! Wrappers are slightly crisp, perfectly pan fried. I also recommend the tasty veg soba noodles. A very simple dish, but one that I all but inhaled, because it's perfectly prepared.The veggie sushi roll was slightly disappointing. As it's the only vegetarian sushi option that I found on the menu, I ordered it hoping for more than the usual carrot, cuc and...? (no avocado to be found and I think it should always be featured in a veggie roll to keep it from being too dry). The whole shebang is just really tasteless. The avo/cuc roll I ordered never arrived, but I know our large table ordered up so much that it's not really a big deal. If I had really wanted it, I would have asked for it. I do think that because Geisha is a post modern take on a sushi joint that they could stand to get creative with the vegetarian sushi rolls.Now, let's turn to the fun karaoke rooms! Never did the private room thang before and although the machines kind of confused us (as did the song choices, quite honestly), the super sweet and lovely waitresses/hostesses never left us hanging and tried to be of assistance whenever they could.Next time I'm back, I'll be singing my rendition of Wake Me Up Before You Go Go (what? I love that song!) in homage to all the geishas out there...wave your hands like you just don't care...oh, the possibilities are endless when you have a cocktail in one hand and mic in the other.
5	I have been coming here for almost two years now, I love it! I go during happy hour or on Industry Sunday's....1/2 off apps, maki, drinks, and karaoke....how do you not go wrong?! I always get edamame, vegetable gyozas, and maki. Also if you have not tried the sochu, this is a nice place to do so, they have them flavored and pomegranate always wins my heart. And for $4 one can get a carafe (equivalent to about 8-10 shots total)....again, cannot go wrong here. So the bill at the end is usually around the $20 mark, great service, decent food and fun atmosphere.
4	Let's break it down Vanilla Ice style. And not Ice, Ice Baby. Too obvious. I'm going deeper cut to "Stop That Train" 'cause that's what true Ice fans do.It ain't no average night, first night out in A-Z,I'm with this group that I know, a bunch of superstars and me!We got it going on, from the west to the eastOur team is now complete, and so uniqueWe yelp with passion like we are possessedReading the menu, sushi's good but not the best"One of these yes oh please." to the waitress I screamedWrite it down but takes a while, still she could waitress the A-teamOur group was, one of many that she had servedRefilling and chilling so big tips she would deserveThe sushi was decent, even with Fritos poured onThe edamame that we got was so soft and warmBut the real story that you should find in a bookWas the private karaoke room, and boy it could cookDropping my beats left a stain on my brainBut after two hours all I kepty sayin wasStop that train, I wanna' get offStop that train, I wanna' get offOh Ice. You had such a gift with words. Word to your sushi bars.
4	Go Go here for happy hour! From 4-7pm you can delight in their half priced apps and specialty cocktails. Their sushi rolls are meh, but their teriyaki ribs are falling off the bone, finger lickin' good! The cocktails seem to be concocted for little Asian girls (which is odd since there are no Asian girls in Scottsdale, especially now that my BFF and I are gone) - fruity with cutesy names like "Hello Kitty," "Harajuku Lover," "Shiso Horny," and "Kinki Kooler" just to name a few. My favorite was the "Turning Japanese" which was like biting into a vodka infused pear.Service at the bar was wonderful - Victoria is the one of the cutest bartenders in Old Town (guys, go pay her a visit). Drinks were flowing and the food came out quickly.In addition to the happy hour and Victoria, make sure you check out their restrooms and private karaoke rooms, complete with "entertainment" poles. If you end up spending a long time on their Toto toilets, people will understand why. Seat warmer and a bidet? You'll want to take your business there on a daily basis.
3	It's okay - a bit pretentious and overpriced but so is the rest of Scottsdale so no big if you know what you're getting in to. They have a KILLER happy hour but chances are you'll get stuck sitting next to the freak at the bar making obscenely large hand gestures while slamming pomegranate sake like it were Jack Daniels - yo skillet, it's POMEGRANATE SAKE. The bartenders and scantily clad waitresses were all nice and very accommodating, we loved Amber but the next girl was hard to get a hold of once it got busy. What I did have a problem with was the guy (manager?) who tried to rush us out of the Karaoke room 20 minutes before our time was up and rush us from our dinner table before we even got the bill because other customers were waiting. It all felt very hurried and unprofessional. Also BOO to the "large" sushi platter that was supposed to serve 20 people - it was two plates with MAYBE 24 individual pieces of sushi, 3 ribs, and 3 crispy things. Can't complain about the actual taste of the food, it was delicious, but unless you come at happy hour you'll probably leave a few bills short and hungrier than you came in.
4	We happened to be there for happy hour, so we surely had tons of saki.  But we ordered from the menu for our dinner.  The waitresses were surely smokin' when we were there, my male cousin appreciated it very much.  Overall very good, nice vibe, great hang out with friends.Odd suggestion, but a stop to the bathroom is a must.
5	Fantastic happy hour, one of the best in Scottsdale. All the sushi, tempura, and saki you can eat and drink with good portions of it half off! My wife loves the fancy girly martinis that are half off during happy hour as well. A stellar experience at any price point. A word of warning, the place isn't the biggest and fills up fast, make a reservation.
5	The first I even went here was for my birthday in Nov. It was actually a first for my entire party.  Me and my BFFs pretty much have made this place our spot for girls night out!  Food is great! Staff is friendly! Oh and the bathroom is awesome! lol!
2	Worst service ever!  I am giving it 2 stars because the bathroom toilet is my new lover.  But seriously worst service ever.  Our waitress was such a bitch she actually rolled her eyes and sighed while one of my dining companions asked her questions about the food.  Really?  She had no problem sitting with the 2 dudes at the table right next to us, being little miss flirty flirt.  Every single drink we ordered came without a garnish.  Dirty martini up with olives is not hard.  Vodka tonic always comes with a lime.  Twice we actually went to the bar ourselves to get the garnish.  Totally lame.  I wish I got our servers name so I could personally lambast her here on Yelp.  The manager tried to smooth things over, but when a situation sucks that bad just saying sorry isn't enough buddy.  This place can kiss my ass.
2	So, me and my gf were downtown walking in the area. We're both from California and we know good sushi. It was after 9pm and we looked for somewhere to eat and instead of bar food we decided to come here.We were seated right away. We ordered sake right away and the waitress gave us 2 glasses for beer. Not the way you are suppose to serve sake. Anyways, I also decided to get beer and I told her we'll just keep the glasses and to bring some sake cups which she did. Minus 1/2 star.We ordered from the sushi menu since we were both waiting to dinner together. Chicken wings were not crunchy and lacked flavor. Minus 1/2 star. Yellowtail was okay but not great. We also ordered a couple of interesting rolls Gaijin (some kind of chimichanga roll) and I don't remember the other but it wasn't memorable at all. The waitress totally forgot about bringing the gaijin roll and I had to remind her. Then another waitress came over and asked me a couple minutes later which roll they forgot. OMG. Minus 1 star.The waitress didn't have an idea of what she was doing and lacked any kind of knowledge of the food. My gf asked what kind of sashimi they had and she didn't have a clue and she started guessing some names. Minus 1 star.Would I come here again? NO WAY will I eat sushi in AZ ever again!!!
4	Love love love Geisha! They have the best Happy Hour specials and Saki! Sushi is always fresh and yummie and drink specials can't be beat. Parking can be a challenge on busy days.
3	The setting is great! I love the lounge couch with the long pillow that you can't steal. There's loud dance music playing so you can bust a move while waiting for your drink at the bar. There's also a hug big rock in the middle of the floor so you can look silly dancing around it. I went with a couple of friends on a Sat nite so the place was crowded with young good looking people.As for the sushi - it was okay to me. It wasn't bad, but it didn't give me the "wow, this is delicious" reaction. But they do have a squid salad that is very tasty and chewy. Great with beer! They also have a private karaoke room that you can rent. However, if you have been to one of those Korean karaoke room, you will be disappointed here. It can be boring looking at a blank screen with just lyrics and the songs are limited to just only American songs. So if you're looking forward to singing to a Super Junior music video, it won't be here. Don't expect a great sound system and disco lighting. However, they do have a dancing pole in the middle of the room for any sexy ladies to show off their dancing skill.
3	Tried out the happy hour  with a few friends and they do have some really great happy hour specials! I don't know if the sushi was mediocre in comparison or if the bathrooms were really so great ...but the bathrooms were my favorite part of Geisha. Who doesn't like smart toilets that open and shut for you (no more kicking the lid up with my shoe) and the seat is even heated! Just like the heated seats in my car. There was a whole panel on the wall for more advanced options, which I did not explore but appreciated the possibilities ;) Eating sushi at Geisha is like eating sushi in an Austin Powers movie. Shag carpet, low couches, very retro feeling. Not the best sushi or the best drinks but for the happy hour special prices its very worth checking out!  (or just to use the bathrooms)  :)
5	BEST PLACE EVER!!! This is the best happy hour I have ever been to!  I try to go at least a couple of times a month.  Half price drinks and carafes of sake, rolls, and appetizers.  The chicken gyoza is amazing, and I always get two orders for myself.  It comes with a chipotle aioli, but I always add a little Sriracha.  Their specialty rolls are delicious, and they have the most creative names like Dragonball and Bye Bye Kitty.  The sake flavors are always changing.  Some of my favorites have been pumpkin (seasonal), spicy mango, pineapple, and pomegranate.  Another fantastic draw for me to this place is that their happy hour is 7 days a week and is a nice 4 hours long.  Some places do a lame 2 hour happy hour and your rushing to get there, and make it on time.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
5	Bomb .....................................................................................................................Heated toilet seats
3	Great for Happy Hour - if you keep it simple - but not particularly good otherwise.This restaurant is in a very convenient location and there's almost always parking right in front.  You can sit outside on the patio and when the weather's nice, it's lovely.Happy Hour is a great deal with a large beer for about three bucks and half-price appetizers and maki.  If you stick to the maki - spicy tuna roll, etc. -  you won't be disappointed.  If you order anything else, you probably will be disappointed. Pro:Good locationNice outdoor patioGreat happy hour Stick to cheap beer and makiCon:Everything other than the maki is pretty lameClassic rock 24/7
2	Delicious sushi...very creative rolls...however, the service was slow...and disappointed with the skimpy wine pours!  Come on...for $9 a glass, there should be more than 6 sips in a glass.  Just sayin.
4	I went there with a friend last Saturday and the place was jumping. I thought I was at the club ;) I don't know who the DJ was but he was playing Old School, New School, Reggae, and everything in between.  It was nice to see some diversity, too! I had the Calamari appetizer and a drink called She SoKinky(?)...delish! Our waitress was nice, but her breath was not. Def must check out the bathroom! Good hangout spot!
3	Went here after work for happy hour only because Sakana sushi was closed which was a bummer cuz I really was craving their sushi but anyways...it was kinda dead the time we went and we got seated right away but ummm we waited over like 10 mins for the waitress and it took her foreverrr to get our water & drinks!  My friend ordered the Hello Kitty drink for me and he ordered some dark beer. Later she comes back with the wrong beer and my drink ends up being really bland. It was gross.  We ordered the Frighten Geisha, Korean Rocket, Pokemon & the Caterpillar roll. Out of all the rolls we ordered the Caterpillar roll was the best but then again you cant go wrong with the maki rolls. The Frighten Geisha was ok too but the rest were eh...
4	Giving it four stars for ambiance, a nice green patio, an attentive cocktail waitress and what seemed to be a hilarious discovery in the women's bathroom by my friend who was visiting from out of town (check the picture I posted).It was a boring Monday, and we needed a place to go after dinner. We didn't really feel like walking all the way down to 1st street, so we stopped here for some drinks.Not a bad place. The crowd seemed kinda meh, but if you are with the right person or people, who cares. There are private Karaoke rooms. I plan on making a scene someday soon.Drinks are reasonably priced. I can't really speak for the food since we didn't come here for that, and no one around us had food either. Hmm. My one gripe is they don't have Sapporo on draft. WTF!? For shame. I don't even like Sapporo, but I figured it would be a safe bet since this was a "Sushi" place. Oh well. The cocktail menu looked creative. I'd come back for drinks.
1	Horrible. If I could give ZERO stars I would.This place is totally overrated. I went there to celebrate my 30th birthday this past weekend and was utterly disappointed. The head hostess was rude and didn't seat my party until an hour after my reservation time, which then cut into my karaoke room reservation time. They charged me for the full 2 hours even though we were barely in there for 45 mins, which was their fault. Furthermore, I booked a small private karaoke room, which under normal circumstances (meaning, a REAL karaoke sized room) would have accommodated my guests. The person I made the reservation with failed to mention that a small room will only fit 6 people MAX. It's more of a closet than a room. Most of my guests had to stand in the hallway because there wasn't enough room for them to sit down. It was horribly embarrassing. The seats were ripped up and the karaoke machine was totally outdated. They had a huge book of songs that was also totally outdated. They are also supposed to include a small sushi platter with the room which they didn't, I had to actually go find a server and ask for my sushi platter to go. Then the sushi was not rolled correctly and fell apart when I picked it up.I am VERY angry about my experience here. I feel ripped off and they ruined my birthday. I would have had a better experience making my own sushi and doing karaoke on the Wii or going to a karaoke bar in Phoenix where me and my guests could actually have room to breathe. Avoid this place. HUGE WASTE OF MONEY.Very disappointing considering I frequent Sting Ray across the street and love it there. I expected the same quality since it is owned by the same people, but it's NOT at all.
4	This is a standard place to celebrate Birthdays. The drinks are delicious especially the kiwi and acai specialty drinks. The rolls are over $10, but they are unique and tasty. The environment is very cool and the location is great. Parking is bad just like everywhere in Scottsdale, you need to park in the street. Location is great because you can grab dinner here and then go out after. There is also karaoke available if you want to rent a room for a special occasion.
3	Bento box Blah.Would LOVE to give this place 5 Stars because the atmosphere is poppin,' the DJ was rockin,' and they have flavored Saki for the takin'! But everything ELSE considered, it winds up a solid 3 stars.Seems like there are a few people that had a rocky start with their dining experience at Geisha A Go Go- such was also the case with our group. It was Saturday night and we were asked to relocate to another table shortly after being seating because another party, that was already seated and enjoying their sushi, preferred our location. I know, strange... to cut my venting about That to a minimum- we did eventually get menus, a server, and water... yay.DJ was amazing- better than the club we ended up going to! Mixed B.E.P.s, Tupac, a lil Biggie Smalls... perhaps a lil Britney :). Bathrooms were also unique, contemporary, and clean. The Lettuce Wrap App with all of the Tasty dipping sauces is a great decision.A poor dinner choice is the scallop bento box... Three scallops. Needless to say I regretted not getting sushi.  Instead of dining here, I would unregrettably recommend G.A.G.G. as a chill venue to kick-it.Definitely want to go back and take advantage of the Happy Hour Special they have available through Yelp!
3	Many 'a time have I visited A Go Go, for both food and drinks...sometimes both. Drinks...over priced. Happy hour drinks are often watered down. Wine selection, so-so. The servers aren't exactly seasoned when it comes to describing the sake list.  Sad...sake is what makes sushi great!!  The waitstaff seem more consumed with their appearance than with serving guests. No water refills, and you have to ask for sweetener (several times). I would not go out of my way to come here for food. It's great if you're in Old Town and want a generic sushi experience. You'll probably run into someone you know...or remember seeing at Smashbox but their name escapes you...The fish is not fresh and the rolls often have little differentiation in flavor.On the plus side: Sundays are all-day happy hour. Half off house rolls, cocktails, etc.  You know the food isn't that great when people are highlighting the ladies' restroom in their reviews.  I was slightly disgusted when I discovered that female guests have access to bidets. I don't mean to be graphic but....doesn't the warm toilet seat breed bacteria?  Anyways...a decent place.  Plus, there are many great places in the vicinity to visit after stuffing your face with happy hour sushi.
5	Really good drinks and good food! Very fun place to go out and hang out!
3	I have eaten at Geisha twice.  Both times the food was greasy and painfully salty, and I am usually a fan of salty food.   As a bar it was fine.  It was busy on a friday night, and the bartenders were pretty efficient.  The drinks were decent, but I did not order anything difficult to make.  It was a little too crowded for my taste.  I might go there again for drinks, but not for food.
4	Best "pop in for a vodka press" while en route last night.  Cheap! Great service!  Got the sweetest photo of the night there too.
5	This is the only place in south Scottsdale to get really good sushi. Lively upbeat atmosphere and great Happy Hour deals. A "must do" with friends.
4	One of my favorite sushi places in old town, soon to be yours too. Best happy hour, super busy though. Half price drinks, appetizers & house maki (get the chicken gyoza - you're welcome in advance). I've ordered different rolls here and favorites are the freshwater eel roll, cali roll and dragon roll. Kudos for *consistently* fresh sushi served at a good temperature - but it could be rolled a little bit tighter, sometimes they seem to fall apart easily. Actually, every roll here falls apart, it's predictable. I've spent less than $20 with another person on 2 different rolls, saki bombers and an appetizer.Servers are always sweet and seem to have fun here, I dig the vibe. I always feel like they work together to help each other out so we get our food & refills faster - I hope they tip their bussers well. And...definitely check out the bathrooms, like a trip to Japan.
4	Yeah, this place is one of the kickinest joints in the 'dale. I've always had a great time here with my buddies the Ryans, and even came here solo one night and had fun doing a couple of sakebombers, a little sushi, a few legendary rockers adorning the walls...this place has that right mix of hipness, cool waitstaff, reasonable prices, and great ambiance. This really is the perfect place to get your group on and have some laughs while chillin' Japanese-style.
2	Can't say I was too impressed with my night at Geisha A Go Go. It was a friend's birthday and some other friends reserved a private karaoke room for 10 people. Walking in I was shocked to see how small the room was. There was a small bench and 10 of us had to squeeze to even fit. It was not very comfortable - especially for the people sitting in the corner. It was also very hot in the room so that did not help matters.I was also surprised the room was not decorated better. Just 4 blank walls - boring.We had the room reserved from 7 to 9. I know for a fact we arrived after 7 because I hate to be late. As we were getting settled in the waitress told us which drinks and sushi were on happy hour. Great, we thought - let's all order half price drinks. So we ordered accordingly - happily getting drinks and sushi on the "happy hour" list. Well when the bill came everything was full price! When I asked the waitress she said "when I told you about it, it was still happy hour but when you ordered it wasn't happy hour anymore." Wow, seriously? That's shady. I didn't want to make a scene since it was my friend's birthday but that really bugged me. I looked on their site later to find happy hour ends at 7 so she should have never told us that in the first place. Or at least told us when we finally did place our order. Bad waitress!The room comes with free apps and sushi which is cool considering the price of the room. The food was all good but nothing amazing. There are other sushi places in town I would go to before going back here. The drinks were pretty mediocre as well. The names are better than the beverages themselves.Needless to say I do not think I will be returning anytime soon.
4	Been here a few times now and love it.  If you're going for appetizers the ribs are fabulous.  The bartenders are friendly and cute.  The waitresses are also very nice and friendly.  Love just hanging out and people watching here with friends. The sake bombers are a great price will definitely get you lit.
4	I recommend coming here with a group of friends (reserve a karaoke room ahead of time) during happy hour.  Get some appetizers, enjoy some drinks, and sing like no one can hear you- they probably can't.Drink recommendations: Blue Barrymore (blueberry martini) and the "I'm Turning Japanese.  Careful though, they may not taste super boozy- but they are!  Which makes singing with your buddies all the more fun :)
4	Absolutely recommend coming here and renting a private room, especially during happy hour, as the room reservation is half off! They have several sizes of rooms to choose from, so even if you're a small party, it may work to your advantage!We've rented out the 20 person Karaoke room 2x. It includes a stripper pole, for those of you willing to try and comes with a large sushi platter for the room! Our waitress, this past time, was AMAZING and was willing to work with us. Everyone got a separate check AND they were able to split the cost of the room between everyone, so not one person was footing the bill and had to collect cash from everyone!  The only downside to renting the room is I feel like Geisha is never fully prepared for the largest room. Each time I've gone, we've had less than 20 people and they cannot keep up with our orders. I don't mind as much, except that some people weren't getting there food until we only had 20 minutes left in the room. (for us slow eaters, that's not enough time). So, if you have any late-comers in your party, it really kinda sucks for them!
3	Three words: Girl's Night Out. The only day to go is Sunday, where it's Happy Hour all day. Such a fun atmosphere, and a fab place to people watch. The crowd may even inspire conversations that go a little something like, "Oh hunny, why are you still in your swimming suit from The W this morning?" "The W!? Yuck, I would never even dip my toes in that pool, the water is pure spray tan & herpes!" Classic Old Town moment. About 12 of us girls grabbed a big booth in the back and enjoyed yummy sushi rolls and cocktails (MOCKtails for this underager!) all night, receiving pretty decent service considering the place was packed. Oh&don't forget to hit the ladies room... you'll see what I mean!
5	Packed on Sundays due to 1/2 price specials5 star: you MUST try this place at all costs!food/serv/atmos: 4/5/5BEST OF OLDTOWN: Best gyoza (potstickers) in oldtown!First timers try: chicken gyoza, seared albacoreWatch for: Nina and EmilyFOOD: lots of strong options and vegetarians say yum!Lots of great things and my vegetarian friends love their options. I recommend the chicken gyoza, seared albacore with TINY crispy onion strips, chicken yakisoba, squid salad, pork and veggie gyoza, and the shrimp tepanyaki but sub in the appetizer shrimp. Also good is the ramen. For rolls, the dragonball and the charlie sheen (always late and a total surprise) are interesting.SERVICE: I like to sit at the bar.I always sit at the bar and the bartenders, especially Nina and Emily are sweet, fun and playfull. Many of my other favorites have moved on to Spanish Fly, owned by the same people along with Sting Ray and Jimmy Woos. Usually pretty fast, but on occasion the kitchen can slow down, so keep on them if you have been waiting long.ATMOSPHERE: Must do stop for Sunday Nights.A must try for Sunday. I am there most Sundays at 9:15-10:15pm. Lots of beautiful people, lots of energy, and a perfect lead in to Sunday night carousing. Partly indoor partly outdoor main bar, Kareoke rooms, a very small sushi bar ledge and a two level floor set up that slightly elevates the back half of the restaurant. Oh, the big talk is the bidet in the bathroom. With lots of controls and services, your girlfriend may not be back from the restroom for a while... :)AC Star Explanation:5 star: you MUST try this place at all costs!4 star: GREAT place!3 star: good for variety, but there are a few better2 star: avoid unless your date is excited to go here.1 star: avoid even if your date suggests it...
2	This place is a joke.  Its the tinest little place.  The sushi was awful tasting and fell apart when you picked it up, so obviously not well made.  I do like the infused sake.  This place is a really good place for creepy old (or young) guys who want to gawk at the really hot staff.  Unfortunetly, I'm not a creepy old guy.
4	I really like this joint it's certainly a place I'd consider trendy from the karaoke room you can rent  to the cave like  feel. I need to point out that the use of the word trendy isn't bad in Go Go's case. It's just a cool little place that has unique drinks and yummy sushi. Every time I go I get the Harajuku Lover. It's a  girlie girl drink with Grey Goose Pear Vodka with Sparkling sake. It's $9 which isn't cheap but I almost always have to order more than one. Damn you to hell Harajuku Lover.  They have some fantastic rolls too. While it can get a little pricey I'm always happy to dish it out for a little go go.
5	This is currently my absolute favorite place to go for sushi in Arizona, and as an avid sushi connoisseur,  I have pretty much tried them all.  It consistently tastes extremely fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is lively and fun, and the menu offers more than just sushi for people who aren't big on the eating of raw fish.  The service is also very friendly and welcoming.  It is a great place to go for a drink, a meal, or of course both.
3	A friend reserved a large karaoke room for her birthday here. I like how the rooms were cleaned and there was ample amount of seating available. The pole in the room was a nice added touch, too. It has been a while since I've gone out for karaoke with friends so I was excited to sing my heart out and down shots of soju.They had a large selection of songs to choose from and we had a hard time deciding since our time was limited and there was quite a few of us. We had a blast singing and dancing along while sippin' on some flavored sake. I usually enjoy soju (or sochu) at karaoke joints which they didn't have, but flavored sake is just as good and sure hit the spot. We had several carafes of the Mango, Cucumber and Pomegranate. Mango was my favorite since I'm a sucker for Mango but the Cucumber was refreshing and the Pomegranate wasn't bad either. I thought the rooms were outrageously pricy,though. $150 an hour for a large room. But given that there aren't really any private room karaoke spots available out here I can see how they can charge such price and have people actually pay it. I think there are two others private room karaoke places but one caters to a chinese clientele with very limited english songs and the other is a brand new one in chandler that I have not explored yet so i don't know too much details on it. So for now, I guess it's pretty much the only private room karaoke spot I know of here. I hope more spots open up around here cause I had a blast and would love to do it again but I wouldn't wanna pay $150 an hour for a room. I know there is a half price happy hour rate, but I rarely can make it there that early.
1	I was excited to try this place out because I love sushi. We made a reservation online for 6pm so we could be there for happy hour, which ends at 7. We get there exactly at 6 and they tell us there are two tables in front of us that need to be seated that called in. So we go to the bar and get drinks and wait...and wait...and wait...its 6:30. We ask how much longer until we get a table and they respond, " We don't know, no tables have left since you have got here". I ask the manager how much longer until we get a table or if we can wait and get an extended happy hour when seated? He responded, "No, you can sit at the open table outside or I am going to seat the people behind you who have been waiting. You didn't say you preferred to sit inside or outside online (which there wasn't an option for)". ITS 115 DEGREES OUTSIDE. No, we don't want to sit outside. We decided to leave and call Pearl to see if they had any open seating. They said we can't make reservations under 6 people but we will hold this table for you anyways. LOVE YOU PEARL, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.
2	If your goal is to never hear a word anyone in your party is saying, then this is the place for you. Incredibly loud music managed to drown out any real conversation, and I am also assuming this is why the service wasn't that great - I don't think the waitress could hear us.On top of the overly loud music, there were TV's playing sports everywhere, which really detracted from the atmosphere of the room.  Neat features like rocks in the middle of the room that added charm and a zen like calmness were overshadowed by the visions of football coming at you from every direction.  Geisha A Go Go - you don't need to be a sports bar, karaoke bar, night club and sushi restaurant all in one....The food was good, and they had some sushi rolls that looked pretty interesting.  I went with the tepanyaki, which was quite tasty, and very filling and a good value for the price.The service was interesting, long waits for drinks, and the food was brought out in no apparent order.  Appetizers appeared after full meals, and the easier items like lettuce wraps appeared a full 15 minutes after the tepanyaki box was put in front of me.I would like to go and check out their private karaoke rooms someday, but as far as just going out for a social evening, this one will hit the bottom of my list.
1	Horrible worst service I've ever had. Slow no check backs no refills asked for one it never came. Poured water with glasses on the table splashing ever where. Watched an employee use the bathroom and then not wash hands. Food was great but can't say I'll be back.
2	Writing this review about 4 months after the night I went, which I will never forget, for a bad reason. I specifically told the waitress I had a gluten-allergy and asked if there was anything here I could eat besides the edamme (which I said if not that is fine i'll just eat the edamme.) The waitress  checked with the chef and came back saying I could get this chicken rice dish and they could do it in gluten-free soy sauce (she also brought out the extra gluten-free soy sauce in the bottle to show me that is what they were using.) So I trusted them in the fact it was the same sauce I use at home...but oh no. About 10 minutes after I ate I felt so sick. Someone must of used the wrong sauce or put the wrong sauce in the bottle by accident cause I was sick the whole entire night.So besides getting very sick..(from whatever mix up...or lie..no one will ever know...) they do have good drinks at happy hour!
4	This is one of my favorite places in Old Town. In fact, it's one of my favorite places in the whole valley. The Japanese-Americana fusion atmosphere is pleasant and well done, the food, from the sushi to their cooked fare, is quite good and the staff is typically very friendly and attentive. Plus, their Happy Hour specials are great! It can be a little loud when it's packed (especially during their happy hour specials), but I don't recall ever having to yell across the table to have a conversation. Definitely check this place out!
1	I went here with a group for a bridal shower and rented one of the private rooms.  Now, we knew this was Scottsdale, so it would be expensive, but generally, I've never had a "bad" experience in Scottsdale as a result.  Well, this was it.  The room wasn $75 an hour and boy was tiny- it said for 10, but we had 10 people and at least two had to sit on the floor the entire time.  We were supposed to get a $75 tray with the room and it came with three 1/2 order apps and three rolls- all with crab.  Now, if I added it up according to the menu, there was no way it came to that value.  The karoke song menu was marginal, lots of duplicate songs and songs with tracks that we had never heard- despite knowing the song line by line. On top of that, the service was terrible- the waitress kept coming in to refill our water, but we had to practically demand her to take a drink or food order. Then, when we got our drinks, there were only 3 people who found their drink good- or even palatable- and matched what was stated/shown on the drink menu.  The sushi tray was OK at best, and although two people did order sushi and say it was OK, the rolls were loosely done.  The two salads we got were not very good at all.  The cobb salad had a lot of toppings, but very little dressing and the lettuce was weird.  Not sure how, but it was.   The ceasar salad was dry and tasteless according to my friend. I would never go back again nor would I reccomend anyone else to go back either.
1	Don't go here.I also subscribe to Open Table.  This place has been advertising 1,000 point dinners for the weekends that are not available.  Geisha a Go Go does not take weekend reservations, so the advertisement of a 1,000 point dinner is fraud by enticement. They offer a service or reward that is never available.Give it a skip, go to Hiro or Kampai.
4	This place has a great happy hour.  The Scottsdale people-watching is top-notch, too.  Highly recommended place for good sushi in Old Town.I always sit outside on the patio...
4	I'd give the sushi a 3, atmosphere and location a 4, and service a 4- however I went during the week, and it was not busy at all. Seems like a very cool place for sake bombs and embarrassing karaoke nights. Overall, not bad at all!
4	We came here as one of the stops on my bachelorette party so my review might be a little off because, well because I was off.  We had reserved a room for karaoke.  It was kinda small, but cozy.  They had a good selection of music.  We had sushi, yummy.  Drinks, lots of yummy Saki.  We were loud and crazy and we could do it all in private!Now to the creme de le creme.  The toilet.  O.M.G.  Really?  An automatic everything toilet?  Butt warmer, butt cleaner, coochy cleaner, blower.  Holy cow.  I need one of these in my home. Place was very pricey though.  We had a two hour rental which was over $100.  Plus drinks and tips.  The sushi came with the room.
4	Cheap GOOD drinks, good sushi, great happy hour, decent location. Not too shabby.  Be advised, get their early as this place does fill up fast on certain days.. (Usually Thursdays and Fridays)! The patio is for the smokers, so if you are a smoker, you will be happy to have your own little section. Oh and the DJ is pretty damn good to. Especially on Fridays :)
5	Absolutely my favorite Sushi spot! Especially on Sunday's! Half off! Great atmosphere, food and crowd. Good times!
3	i went here for a friends birthday party. everything was just mediocre. the waitress was super nice and great at recommending drinks. i had the kiwi one...totally recommend it. i am not sure what their system is but it's a mess. they kept bringing random sushi rolls that no one ordered and then they would get pissed like we playing a trick on them or something. then they wouldn't bring some rolls out at all so people were waiting forever. then people had rolls on their tabs that they didn't even order. it was a mess.
3	I like the ambiance of this place.....the servers are friendly....The drinks are good too :).....though the sushi is not that great.... I would come back here only for the Drinks :):)
5	They have those fancy Japanese LED automatic screen high tech doo-dad toilets! This place is a must try for those alone! Yes, I want my toliet to have a blow dryer (no paper required unless you have dropped a deuce), seat heating, massage options, water jet adjustments (so many witty responses to be had here, but too inappropriate), automatic lid opening, and automatic flushing, which can all be accessed by a control panel on the wall!I've always visited Geisha on the weekend before heading out to Old Town and really love coming here on Sunday nights (1/2 price drinks and apps!). They have a DJ every weekend night playing great tunes while you eat yummy sushi and stare at dead rock stars behind the bar. Yep, there are beautiful photos of Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, and Sid Vicious along with a rock (literally) themed wall and sculpture in the middle of the restaurant.  I really enjoy the sushi here and have never had a bad roll. My absolute favorite drink to get tipsy on is their Kinki Kooler. It consists of Dragonberry vodka, fresh kiwi, and lime juice. So delicious, before you know it you have downed three and started dancing to the music in your chair, yep, you are that person! You're welcome.Service has always been great, friendly, attentive staff. Once it gets busy it can be hard to find the hostess, but when she does, you get helped right away. There are also private karaoke rooms that one can rent out for an event which all have patios that you can sit at and people watch at night (that is always a good time). I did notice about four TV's inside playing a football game, while there were an additional four outside playing a different game. Generally, these TV's have on music videos so it was interesting to see sports, I'm not sure how that happened, because the crowd here doesn't strike me as interested in sports.
5	Even this place is owned by the same owner who owns Stingray . . . can you say that quickly 3 times?? I love this place cause it has a much more casual vibe and service is always quick and good here.I love their happy hour menu with their $4 sake infusions.  I can get away with spending $12 for 3 rolls of sushi plus $4 for a sake infusion and be completely satisfied.  $16 . . . can't be beat!  My fav of the sake infusion is the pomegranate . . . so delicious and potent.  Be careful how much you drink because it tastes like juice with a full punch!!I also like taking my 5 yr. old here for their happy hour.  The waitress is always super friendly to him.  Fabulous!!
4	I love sunday all day happy hour surely a treat and there rolls are amazing...plus the toilet is out of this world!!!
4	sushi, pickup joint :)  love it
4	I had a ball on my first visit to Geisha! My friend reserved a private karaoke room complete with a stripper pole! As soon as the drinks and food started flowing everyone  was up singing and dancing all around the rooms. Great service, food and drinks!Most recently I made a visit to on a Saturday night with my girls and we had a great time, the DJ was playing good music and it was very lively which made for great atmosphere for a "girls night out". We started with a round of drinks of course, I ordered the Harajuku Lover which was made with pear vodka and sparkling sake, it was the perfect drink to get the night started. We also ordered an array of appetizers my favs were the edamame and the seasoned fried calamari rings. We got our drinks and appetizers pretty quick but we all ordered specialty maki rolls for our dinner and some of us had to wait up to 45 min. after the first person at the table got their food. I get that that everything is made to order but if we put our orders in at the same time  45 min. is a long time to wait. At one point everyone had their rolls except for me and I had to ask the server was my order put in. If we hadn't been drinking and talking and enjoying ourselves I would have definitely complained.I'm still giving them 4 stars because out of all the times that I come to Geisha this was the only night that there was a slight glitch in the service. I'll be back soon most likely for their awesome happy hour!
1	Before I start, let me say that prior to this experience, this has been my favorite spot for sushi and drinks due to how close it is to my home . . . great food, tasty drinks and awesome price for happy hourThat being said, after how my wife & I were treated last night, I won't be going back.We were the first of our group to show up and they said that we couldn't hold a larger table (which I understand) so we found a 2 person table and wanted to get some food & drinks while we waited . . . We were then told that we couldn't start a tab at one table and then move to a larger one when our friends got there because it would mix up between servers (meaning we couldn't order food) . . .  So now I had to get drinks from the bar and bring them back to the table.  While I was at the bar ordering, a manager came over and told my wife she couldn't sit there without getting food . . . I can only imagine this guy must have been managing a gas station before this because you would think someone with any restaurant experience would just have us close out one tab and then start another when our friends arrived.  I even attempted to speak to the manager to find some way to make it work and was stonewalled by a lack of any form of customer service.
3	Open till late and food is ok but the ambience is great...AWESOME FOR A MID-NIGHT DRINKSo! Dont roll your eyes when your read what's next. I wanna go to this place again to check out the "TOTO." (If u don't know, I ain't telling).  The food is not gonna be heavenly but it s fine for a sushi dinner. Love the Sake carafes! (might have had 2, all by myself) Great place to go with a bunch of friends and could be a potential douche bag hang-out depending on what time of the night. Food is a little overpriced but who cares about food when you are drunk. It gets a half-extra star (so technically 3.5 stars) for the late hours
5	Upscale/trendy but laid back bar/restaurant. Came here for dinner and loved it! The food was great, service was good, and it was fun to people watch... and also watch the basketball game. There was a DJ spinning some background music. Started with the pineapple infused house sake - very light, but tasty. We ordered the sashimi appetizer - sliced well & was pretty fresh. I can't remember everything we ordered but it was all really good. My favorite was one that came on big spoons - it was deliciousss! The Seared Salmon Special (seared salmon wrapped around spicy crab & avocado & topped with garlic ponzu sauce) was my other favorite. The price was not bad at all considering what you got.Definitely one of the top places for specialty sushi rolls in my book!
5	I love this place for happy hour! Their infused sake is refreshing and totally wallet friendly! The potstickers are my favorite and I always order them. It is a great place to visit with friends or something relaxing and fun for a simple date.
3	I've been to happy hour here on a few occasions now and I have to say that I'm becoming more and more fond of Geisha. The prices are pretty decent, but what really makes this a great happy hour place is the ambience - it's lively and fun!Happy hour is 4p - 7p every day and is half off sake bombs, appetizers, house sushi rolls...and I just realized specialty drinks as well! I need to go back so I can try the Hello Kitty and Harajuku Lover specialty drinks! Both look delicious. Not the most amazing sushi and appetizers, but definitely not bad considering the price. And for me during happy hour anyway, it's really more about the company and drinks than the food.Happy Happy Hour Hopping!
1	I used to love this place until recent visits. Service has sucked lately...and really bad. Not only have I noticed, also my friends who are frequent patrons as well. I didn't really go for the food, as its sub-par nowadays. The only reason why I went was for the happy hour on drinks, half off everything.  There are only few waitresses I recognize from my early visits here, otherwise I feel as if I have to repeat myself. Well on one occasion friends and I rented a karaoke room, afterwards we asked to split the bill but she took ages and had major confusion. We waited like 20-30 for the checks to split and whatnot. Before we went into the karaoke room, we requested to have a table ready at 10pm when our time was up. So it was time to enjoy the dining area, YET they didn't have a table ready. Every was there an accounted for, and we told them our plans and yet they didn't comply. Even though there was a 2 hours heads up. WTF?! On my last visit, friends and I had a decent time until the bill came. We had to dispute some charges, asked for a manager and expressed that we had been patrons for over 2 years and this was the first time I, myself, had a problem. Just when I thought he obliged, he said he would take care of the situation and take off somethings. Moments later he returns with ONE item taken off and gratuity added. Again WTF? It was there on the first bill, let alone other previous bills where I had large parties before. I was outraged! We paid only the first total with cash and left immediately. I was so furious, I couldn't wait to get home and write to BBB. 3 weeks later, no response from the company and now BBB has it on record. Thankfully I have found other places with decent happy hour and better food!! Goodbye Geisha.
5	It really annoys me when people complain about the service of a restaurant. Maybe because people expect perfection on a busy night. I rather think of it as my company sucked if I was too conscientious of wondering were my food was. My experience here was on a Monday and it was almost full. The host went way out of his way for us. The food came out fast. The drinks were delicious. Most importantly the food was very very good! I highly recommend this place!
4	Went there tonight for the first time. Really good experience overall. Great upbeat vibe with cool music, beautiful men and women. The sushi was very goo, the infused sake was too. Service was prompt and kind and happy hour prices quite reasonable.
1	We purchased a "large room" for three hours for my birthday - and it was a terrible experience.  I thought it would be perfect because my friends love to karaoke (and drink) -- but the service was terrible and the microphones/karaoke machine continually stopped working.  At one point - it took the guy a half hour to "fix" the machine... when you consider it's $150.00 an hour - that was $75.00 we spent to just sit in a room and watch a guy attempt to get the machine to work.  Not to mention we were told that we would receive large sushi platters -- and the waitress just "thought we didn't want them".  After we finally got the platters - other people wanted to order food and the "kitchen was closed".  Would have been nice to get service/sushi right at 10:30 when we showed up.  Not to mention the $600+ bill that we had to figure out how to split ourselves (even though we were willing to pay as we go...).  The service was terrible.This place ruined my birthday.  I wish we would have stayed at the dive bar down the street (for free) instead of paying $450.00 for all the hassle.
5	Definitely recommend renting a private karaoke room if you get the chance. It was the perfect birthday experience and my family and I had so much fun. The room was definitely pricey but in general, you aren't gallavanting around Scottsdale w/o money. They definitely don't exaggerate when they warn you the rooms are small, think large walk in closet size for the smaller rooms. My intimate party of 8 fit ok but definitely don't think a bunch of strangers would feel comfortable in this small room. The larger room can accommodate many more people and has the disco lights and stripper pole. The waitress to our room was very helpful and accommodating. It must be tought to work in such a high energy/fast paced/drunken/loud environment so definitely props to them. The machine worked fine and after a couple hours and one too many sake bombers, you're not even singing the same song on the screen anyway. The song selection was huge! Lots of fun and easy to use. I wish they would put two books in the rooms though so multiple people can look it over and pick songs simultaneously. Food wise, my favorite were the short ribs. It came with our appetizer platter and we ended up ordering another plate of it. Possibly one of the most delicious things I have ever eaten. The edamame was really good too. Everyone in the party enjoyed the myriad of sushi they ordered although I myself am not a big sushi fan.
4	So far, the best sushi in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Living in Phoenix has been rough for me since I'm a SoCal native and used to eating sushi all the time at my favorite hole in the wall. While Geisha-a-go-go is nowhere close to a hole in the wall, they do serve damn good sushi! The prices were pretty reasonable. The fried rice was the best thing I've eaten! It was so delicious. I wanted to do a repeat of that dish. The rolls were all delicious and tasty, although nothing I special, but so far the best I've ever had since living here. The dessert was ok. It was a friend banana lumpia dish. The really good part of that dessert though was the coconut gelato, which I found out they order from a local gelato shop. So nothing special there. The ambiance and location are what sets this sushi place a part from the others in Phoenix. I love the rock n' roll influenced decor and loud rock music blaring. I especially liked the part where the waitresses were not trying to impress by greeting me in a horrible Japanese translation of hajimemashite or konichiwa. I've cringed at other restaurants that do that out here and it's not pretty. The raspberry sake we had was more then enough for a party of four. The wait staff was ok. Nothing special to be honest, but she wasn't rude or anything, just average service. I was bummed to find out later that they give out pretty funny fortune cookies. I didn't get one, and had to find out about it on Instagram. So if you are eating here, ask for a fortune cookie.
4	Went here for happy hour to meet some people from work on a Thursday night.Great happy hour specials. Younger crowd.Food was very good.We had several appetizers at the table and a couple of rolls. Sushi quality was very good and they do not make their rolls so large that makes it difficult to eat in one bite. (One of my pet peeves).I will be back.
4	Considering it's Arizona, it's probably one of the better sushi places you'll get out there. I typically don't prefer these fusion type sushi places, but the ambiance and their menu + drink names are fun. Along with a few different rolls, we also ordered hamachi, fried rice, and gelato for dessert! Their sashimi was pretty fresh, and the rolls are tasty and wasn't drenched in heavy sauces (I hate when places do that).Service was great.  We did have to wait awhile to get seated, but it was on a weekend so plan ahead.
5	Favorite sushi place in Scottsdale! Sushi is fresh, reasonably priced and service is great! Try the JPop and the Samurai Warrior. They have a really good happy hour, $1 Saki...can't beat that lol and they have happy hour on Sunday! The Saki infused drinks are tasty as well. The vegi wraps are pretty good too. Try the Karaoke there for groups!  They have heated toilet seats in the bathroom which is a plus! Be aware of the giant green rock in the middle of the restaurant if you've had too many saki...I don't know why it's there but can be hazardous haha.
4	This place has been my go to spot for sushi lately. I love the ambiance inside, good music, just enough TV's for you to catch a score but not too many to distract you. Great service. Amazing prices for happy hour. I still have yet to do karaoke here, just haven't had the chance but soon I will be rocking the mic with a stomach full of saki and Japanese beer. As far as the food, its good enough for me. I feel like Blue Wasabi and maybe a couple other places has a bit better tasting sushi, but for what I pay at happy hour and the great time I have everytime I go here, it's worth it fo sho!
5	Great happy hour, I can't believe I'm saying this, but their sushi is definitely better than their sister restaurant Stingray, where I USED to be a regular until I came here. Happy Hour is 1/2 off house sushi, appetizers and drinks. The prices are similar to stingray but with a much bigger selection, not only for the sushi but for the appetizers and drinks as well. I will be back...ALL THE TIME!  Try the Astro Boy!
4	So much fun! We had a party of 10 and rented a private karaoke room.  The staff explained it very well and we had SO much fun. The food and drinks were at their happy hour prices which was excellent! Both the drink options and food selections were delicious.  I loved that the waitress checked on us often and was quick to bring us what we needed! It's a must do!
4	Let's face it: Arizona is not known for its sushi. Sadly, this girl loves sushi. So A few months back a few girls and I decided to come get drinks here before a night out on the town. The drinks are inventive and delicious with adorable names. The first time around I only got drinks, but liked them and the atmosphere enough to bring friends back who were visiting from another landlocked state. This time, we ordered adorably named drinks and sushi. The sushi was fantastic! I was so impressed with the quality of the food, considering the place was packed with a gagillion people all ordering sushi at once. I have been back a few times since and would highly recommend sitting at the sushi bar. It is fun to watch the chefs, and it is out of the way enough that you don't feel bombarded by the other guests. The last time we went, we even had a great conversation with the chef about his recent trip to Japan. Very entertaining. Sunday nights are obscenely busy for one reason or another (can't remember why, but there is a reason for it) and nighttime in general brings in a rowdier "Scottsdale scene" crowd. But I love it. And I love so much about this place. The best sushi I have had so far in Arizona with great service to boot!
3	Cool spot with a great location - I like that it's not facing the main road so the hustle and bustle that is Old Town Scottsdale on a Friday night is not too "in your face" but you're still in the mix. Music is good and the decor/set up is fun. Service was pleasant so no complaints there. The sush is a bit pricey but that's OK considering the location. What we didn't really favor was the undercooked rice in our sushi rolls. Granted, this is probably not the case on the regular and was probably a one time thing but even then, I felt that the sushi rice wasn't quite as sweet and sticky as I like...maybe not enough rice vinegar? Who knows? Overall, we had a good dining experience and enjoyed our evening but we'll probably keep trying other sushi spots just for fun.
5	Geisha is the place to be! Luckily for me everytime I've gone here it's been happy hour! So the sushi is half off, plus the house drinks and all the flavor infused sake is too! I have done a girls' day here and it was so much fun! We ate so much sushi and got a pretty good buzz going for a decent price and walked around old town afterwards. Upon checking my account later, i realized the waitress put an extra $40 on my tab, which was frustrating, because I had to come back and speak with the manager. The manager was kind of annoyed because he had to go back in the records and find my transaction using my credit card to fix the problem. When he came back he apologized and said he would buy me a drink for my troubles. I actually had other plans so I said "get me next time." So, next time I came with some friends and told the waitress the manager agreed to buy me a drink. When the bill came they had comped all of our drinks! I have since been back many times and have always had a great experience. The atmosphere is great whether you are seated inside or on the patio.
4	This is a great place to eat and party. Really cool vibe.Good service, no complaints here.Food wasn't phenomenal but was still good, but they have some interesting rolls that are worth trying and fun to share.They have some really cool drinks that probably make this place so fun. Different infused sake's and lots of different cocktails.Def a recommend.
4	My sister's boss rented a private karaoke room here last week for a team-building exercise that I tagged along for. The room was fairly large and fit 20 people comfortably. I think the price was $300 for 2 hours and included a small plate of appetizers and a sushi platter.Everyone had a blast. The food was pretty good. The drinks were a bit pricey at around $10 for a martini, but that's pretty average for Old Town. The karaoke selection was pretty big and the sound system was good. There's also a stripper pole in the room, so everyone can place bets on how many drinks it will take before the men start practicing their moves. The average for our party was 2.5.
4	Fun, fun, fun.I am so not a hipster or Scottsdale club hopper. In fact I am most comfortable hitting up dive bars and hole in the wall ethnic places. So it took me along time to try out Geisha even though I have heard about it relentlessly from my "cool" friends.We had a double date during happy hour, which is perfect for good prices, availability, and people watching.The atmosphere is pretty cool. It borders on cheesy but it is still pretty fun. I love the pics of the rock starts on the wall. That makes any place cool. The music they were blasting was a great mix of rock, new and old. People watching was incredible. Highly entertaining, especially if you are married and in your 30's like me and you want to watch the mating game unfold in front of your eyes.The sushi was so-so. Can't complain with the half off prices though.The drinks were really good but I couldn't repeat the names of them to my server without blushing...Veggie lettuce wraps were good, nothing outstanding. My favorite dish were the vegetable gyozas. They were delicious! Next time I'm skipping the sushi and ordering 2 orders of them. The filling was delicious and they were grilled perfectly. The spicy mustard aioli it came with was perfect. Service was good. Our server was a typical Scottsdale babe, except she was nice and NOT a pretentious wench like some of them can be. Management checked on us a couple times to see how we are doing, which is always nice.We had a blast and will definitely be back...
4	happy hour 4-7p mon-saturday.sunday 4p to close (sometimes earlier, guess it depends when they want to open?). 1/2 off apps and all drinks and some select sushi stuff. sake bombs 5 bucks :]good atmosphere, not a very large place so it can get packed during these times. sakeeeebommmbs.
5	The food was very tasty. The service fantastic and the atmosphere fun. I would suggest this to anyone wanting great happy hour.
3	Food good, not exceptional though.  This is more of a place for partying people than for a place for a regular diner.  Found the photos of dead rockers rather morbid- they all died tragic deaths.  The place is extremely loud, I couldn't even hear or speak to my meal companions without yelling. Did enjoy the half priced meal items.  Think I will come here only for that reason.  Server was nice, good prompt service.
4	Love this place! Great atmosphere and excellent people watching. The Sunday all day happy hour can't be beat in Scottsdale! It's usually busy but the wait staff does a good job keeping up. I work till 5 on Sundays so it's great to have a place to chill with friends, eat some good sushi and rock out to some tunes after a long day, without breaking the bank.
4	If you can handle usually sucky parking conditions, consider making Old Town Scottsdale's Geisha A Go Go your next go-to spot for happy hour.I've been really impressed with the great deals the still-trendy (despite being open about 4 years) restaurant and bar offers. Not to mention, the space boasts private karaoke rooms, which makes it stand out that much more.Every day, from 4-7 p.m., all appetizers, house maki, sake bombers, specialty drinks, seasonal wine and sake infusions are half-off. That's a TON of menu items!Definitely check out the specialty drinks. There are so many to choose from, and they all tend to be very strong. The last time I went there, I started off with the cutely named Kinky Kooler (usually $9, at happy hour $4.50). It was sooo strong, with Bacardi Dragonberry mixed with fresh kiwi and lime juices and garnished with kiwi, my favorite fruit. It was too strong for me (I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to alcohol), but if you like kiwi, it's an obvious choice.I tried my friend's Turning Japanese (usually $10, at happy hour $5), which I liked a lot more. It had a very refreshing taste to it, with Stoli Gala Applik, Peach Schnapps and organic apple, pear and lime juices and was garnished with pear slices. I'm sure it was still strong, but the sweetness balanced it out perfectly.I also had the Hello Kitty (usually $10, at happy hour $5), which you just can't go wrong with. It's a pretty pink cocktail with Skyy Citrus and Japanese strawberry soda and fruit-infused sake, garnished with a strawberry. It tastes delicious, and how could you not order something with as cool a name as that?I've also had Geisha's sushi before, which I thought was delicious. And you can enjoy all the cheap eats and drinks in a vibrant atmosphere, both for the high-energy ambiance and people who go there. It's your typical Old Town Scottsdale, pretty people crowd, and the bar is bright green with giant pictures of musical icons, connected to a cool patio. Happy hour was packed, so stake out a spot early and get to noshing.
4	Went on a Thursday for HH and pre-game before a comedy show down the street.  Place was hoppin, and rightfully so.  The ambiance is lively yet casual and laid back.  Folks were trendy, boys in their new bright muscle shirts fisting a sake bomb, ladies sporting the newest Scottsdale chic dress sipping a house special cocktail.Staff was attentive, though a bit overworked.  The food and drinks were a little slow getting to the table, but they were worth the wait.  We had quite the sampling of sushi, appetizers, and sake.  What a combo!
4	Normally I don't like Asian Fusion but this place actually was really good and since I went at Happy Hour on a random Sunday, I barely broke the bank and that to me is a win. I had the bomb ass ribs, some gyoza and the banging fried rice. It was a little fishy (too much fish sauce?), but other than that, I ate everything in sight and on that Happy Hour menu. I don't know about regular priced stuff, but I would continue to go for Happy Hour here anytime. Food is bomb, atmophere is pretty casual/hip, and staff is attractive and friendly!
4	Sunday happy hour is so cheap! If you come here, get the seared salmon roll! I don't even care for salmon, and its amazing!
4	I was in Scottsdale a couple months ago for training and had to try this place. The happy hour here is great. There is not much to choose from on the sushi side of it but there is plenty to choose from on the drink side. The prices are good and the service is great. This is a very fun place to come have a drink with some friends for happy hour.
4	Are you one that's too embarrassed to sing karaoke in front of strangers?! Geisha A Go Go could be the place for you! They offer a few rooms that fit 10+ people, so you can invite just those friends that you don't mind embarrassing yourself in front of! So much fun! Some girlfriends and I were able to belt out some awesome tunes this weekend! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars, was because it was $75/hour for the room! Holy moly, I'll pass on those kind of prices! Granted, with that price came a super tasty plate of mixed sushi options. Thankfully my friend had won us a free hour, to sing til our hearts were content, and sing we did! :D
1	Waited for a table for 1 hour and 40 mins but did not get any because we were aParty a two . Atleast 6 parties of 4 got tables before us .. They were rude to us and had the audacity to tell us that their management does not allow them to give us a table for 4 even if we keep standing the whole day. While standing we had 2 carafes of sake . It was ok. Worth 8 bucks because we went   On a Sunday Which happens to be a happy hour all day . I was charged 65 bucks on my Amex . Weird ... If my review can stop even  a few people from going to these snobs I will be very happy ..
4	Who would think that the owners of Stingray also owns Geisha?  Well they got it right with Geisha, amazing happy hours deals (1/2 appetizers and select rolls).  Highly recommend the Ahi Tuna sliders and Fried Rice (huge portion of fried rice).  get there before 5 because it gets busy.  Highly recommend for both happy hour and Dinner
4	The food was far better than I expected considering the club-like atmosphere there on a Saturday night.
4	great happy hour and amazing infused saki!! check it out
4	My favorite drink here: Shiso Horny. That name alone should sum up the outlandishness that is this rock'n'roll themed karaoke sushi bar. The inside is both cavernous and cramped. When you first walk in through the giant green door, it's like you are entering the walk-in closet of a Japanese slot machine hoarder. You have the option of sitting inside or on the patio, or renting one of their three karaoke rooms. We almost always sit on the patio since the inside is so dark that I'm afraid I might wind up in the wrong bathroom. The karaoke rooms are nice, although intimidating as you are being led down a dark hallway to a room in which your companions will most certainly make fun of you. Depending on your group size, 5 could fit comfortably in the smaller room whereas 8 is pushing the limits (imagine spilled drinks and dropped sushi). They larger room is intended for 10 - 15 and is pretty spacious. The sound system takes a bit to get used to, especially figuring out if it's plugged in correctly or trying to input numbers for the song selections. Once you get the hang of it, its smooth sailing and the only bumps are trying to decide which song to sing next. The Happy Hour here is fantastic - half priced karaoke rooms, maki, appetizers, sake, and house specialty drinks from 4 - 7pm every day. We can get away with a ton of food for very little money - it's great. I think we've tried almost everything in the appetizer section - our favorite being the teriyaki ribs. Then, we normally order the dragon roll. Their sushi is good, standard for the most part, but the specialty rolls have some pretty cracked out names. One of our favorites is the Gaijin - a chimichanga styled sushi roll, deep fried and delicious with cream cheese and avocado. We haven't ventured much into the other areas of their menu - salads, noodles, etc. The green tea gelato is good, but we've had better that tasted less freeze burnt. (If you want ice cream after this meal, definitely walk around the corner to Lee's Ice Cream Liquor - alcohol infused ice cream to die for!) I would definitely recommend this for happy hour or a birthday with friends.
4	I don't think I'm the typical Old Town bar goer; however, I thoroughly enjoyed this place. My husband and I went for happy hour before our dinner reservations elsewhere. We sat at the bar and ordered a few of their specialty cocktails. Their happy hour menu is great--nice prices, good selection. The bar staff was very attentive, and we enjoyed their infused sake recommendations. While the place was crowded, we never felt boxed in at the bar. The atmosphere is very hip and fun, and I'd  be interested in doing karaoke there. They have it in the main area on Sundays, and you can rent private karaoke rooms others times, too. Didn't get to try the sushi, but I will definitely be back there to sample the food (and probably more booze) menu.
4	Fantastic food and even better Happy Hour deals! Awesome atmosphere and late night snacks. Service is not the best, but that was the only complaint.
4	Oh Geisha - why are you so GOOD to me?!? Yes, you are a bit pricey but who can resist HH specials for 7 days/week? Very lovely.Sushi always comes out promptly and tasty. Excellent/friendly service always. Sake and beer just pairs so beautifully w/everything.Love the decor here - great job. Love the Morrison/Hendrix/Vicious posters. Love the rock in the middle of the room. And, the best feature, the toilets in the ladies room. They have controls on the wall for cleansing options and everything is by sensor. Someday, I too will have such a sophisticated toilet.Love you Geisha!!
4	My bestie and I stopped in last night for sushi after partying it up on a "school night" in Old Town for Halloween. I love that Geisha is open late. Sushi seems to taste even better when hungry and I had gone out without eating first. Geisha wasn't crowded when we arrived and we sat at the bar to eat.I rarely...almost never, eat fried food, but I craved a Vegas roll. Geisha doesn't have a Vegas roll (say what?!) so the bartender told me to order the Philly roll, and to write Vegas roll next to it. My bestie ordered the sashimi platter. Both orders arrived quickly. I bit into my roll with eager anticipation, but was surprised/turned off by the bacon grease flavor. ewww. I tolerated it because I didn't want the drama but hungrily eyed the nearby sashimi platter with drooling mouth. Lesson learned. Don't order a Vegas roll at geisha...get the sashimi platter.I enjoyed eyeing all of the Halloween costumes as we dined and chatted. Geisha might become an after party destination from now on, but not for a Vegas roll or anything fried.
4	Two words: Happy Hour. They have an awesome one that's everyday from 3-7 and all day on Sundays. Their appetizers, drinks, and sushi are all half off and there's a lot to choose from. I'm a big fan of their kinky kooler to drink. The pot stickers and teriyaki ribs are awesome. All of the sushi I've tried so far has been fresh and tasty. There's a reason they call it happy hour, because it truly is the happiest hour of them all especially at Geisha. The music is rocking, the ambiance is cool, and the drinks are free flowing...err...maybe not free but half off is a pretty good deal!If you want a decent place to sit, get there early as it gets really crowded from 5-7. This is a place I frequent while in Scottsdale.
4	Great deals on Happy hour... delicious ribs and saki
1	I was here last week with 3 girls friends. It was a Wednesday night so it was not very busy. We ordered some sushi and drinks. I had the only Chardonnay they offer and the second glass tasted pretty off like it was old.  I had each one of my friends at the table take a small sip and everyone agreed there was something wrong with it. When I told our server she took the wine and said she would bring me a new one and she did.  A few minutes later the "manager" came over and was asking "who had the wine" and he had an attitude about the way he asked. He wanted to let ME know that it was the same wine and nothing was wrong with the first one. I said well it tasted off and instead of apologizing he proceeded to tell me it was the exact same... pretty much trying to make me look stupid.  Definitely wont be back unless its happy hour and I won't be getting any wine. I am giving one star for management. The food and other service would be about 3 stars...
4	-Ate some TASTY food (Soft Shell Crab Rolls, dumplings and calamari were my   favorite): CHECK-Downed at least six sake bombers (could have been more):CHECK-Belted out some righteous tunes:CHECK-Worked a stripper pole:CHECKHad a great time with the work crew in one of the private karaoke rooms and was able to take advantage of Happy Hour prices for the first hour. Good times were had by all. I can't think of many places for a better time with a group of people because the food is delicious and the servers made sure our rowdy bunch were never lacking in beverages.I would have given five stars but I found their song list lacking. "Wicked Game", which  is part of my repertoire to get the hearts a-swooning, was nowhere to be found. This did however work to my advantage because my girls conspired to ambush me with a Taylor Swift serenade. Whilst they were ultimately successful, I took pleasure in the fact that the Taylor Swift options were limited as well.The song selection notwithstanding it was a great time and I can't wait to go back. karaoke or no karaoke I'm definitely coming back for happy hour.
1	Wow... After eating sushi from across the nation i have to say Scottsdale's Geisha A Go Go has surprised me for an ultimate low. Andrew, the manager, reassured us that we had something wrong with our taste buds for not tasting how fresh the fish was here. Insulting to assume. Not recommended!!!!
4	If if wasn't for a rude hostess I might bump this place up to 5 stars. That being said, this place still offers an AWESOME happy hour! Not only is there several, cheap, options but the sushi is actually GOOD (let's be honest, that's not always the case w/happy hour sushi). Also, HH is EVERY day (including Sundays). I've also never been to a place that's so accommodating at splitting bills. Seriously, they ASK you immediately if you wanna do so, and don't mind if every single person in your 10-person party wants there own bill!
1	While I have never dined at this restaurant, I am giving this a 1 star for my experience with them over the phone. I was trying to order a bottle of sake for my friend who is celebrating her birthday there this evening because I am out of state. The hostess was very helpful and went to find the manager. The manager told her they could not do it. How do you take reservations for your karaoke rooms? Over the phone credit cards... Basically a lazy manager who did not want to help make a night more special for my friend. I have worked in the restaurant industry for 8 years, and that is not hospitality. So though I live in LA the next time I visit Phoenix, this will not be a place I will be stopping by. Great job!
3	Their sushi sucks. The fish tastes dirty and the overall rolls taste old. Their drinks are decent though. And they have all day happy hour on Sunday which is awesome. The only roll I do like here is there dessert roll that's made with Rice Krispies and vanilla ice cream.
1	This restaurant doesn't deserve even One star. They have the WORST serving staff, they don't even check back with you until they give you the check to pay them. They are also rude with an attitude. The sushi is WAY Overpriced for the amount and quality you get. It's the worst sushi place I've ever been to in Old Town Scottsdale. Its not even authentic. I would recommend going to RA or Kona Grill over this place; and that's not giving them a compliment either. Very disappointed.
4	I've been here a few times already and just now realized I haven't left a review!Sunday is the best day to come here. Half off sushi and drinks... fabulous all day happy hour. If you're not into sushi (and therefore, you're crazy) just get the rock shrimp bowl... amazing. They also have different flavors of sake (pomegranate is a fav) and sake bombers as well (Sapporo is in large bottles; Kierin is in small bottles). There's a DJ, and karaoke, and lots of beautiful people. Go here.
5	Love this place! Great staff, killer music, and delicious sushi! Tiffany and Adrian  behind the bar are awesome! & NOTHING beats their happy hour!
4	The sushi was delicious, different, and fresh.  It's a really cool place with a dj some nights. Check it out!
5	This is a review of happy hour only. Great food, great infused sake, ridiculously affordable, and great service. I have had a great time here and will be back when in town.My sister who lives in Scottsdale took me here and we ordered a ton of food and had the best time, yoohoo, I m a fan ! Loved the chicken lettuce wraps, and veggie dumplings ! The decor was pretty hip/trendy/different as well, and I will be back to sit on the patio!
4	Best happy hour in town, hands down!
1	Trash. The manager is spiteful and rude. Would rather see a table sit empty rather than seat it with a table of girls. Felt like we wouldn't be worthy of a table, even though I have money to spend here for a bachelorette extravaganza. Too bad. I'll never be back. Managment is horrible and would prefer to see an empty restaurant that a table of girls.
1	If you lock your keys in your car and your phone is dead they give zero shits. I will never come here again, they treated a paying customer like crap. The manager gave me such a hard time about using their phone to call AAA, totally rude.
4	Really this place is amazing. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the service.Went there for Happy Hour, and their Happy Hour drinks are amazing. I had Turning Japanese...I lost count after my first couple of those. The Happy Hour food is also a really good deal and tastes amazing! This doesn't taste like Happy Hour sushi, it's just good sushi. The only issue I had was the service. The hostess who sat us didn't know if it was Happy Hour or not, and deflected a lot of initial questions to the waitress. Don't plan on asking your hostess too many questions, apparently they can only process whether or not you want to sit inside or outside.Our waitress sucked. I mean, she didn't smile, didn't check up on is, didn't ask if we wanted dessert, didn't refill our water. Whattahfail.But whatever, as long as she brought me my drinks promptly, I was happy.The atmosphere was really fun and laid back, so this is definitely a place I see myself going in the future.
4	Great sushi and an even better happy hour.  Seating can be a challenge, but overall a great place to hang out.
1	I'm usually very tolerant of rude wait staff but Tuesday night at Geisha wes nonsesnseFirst off our waitress brings out a warm beer and was a bit put out that I asked for a cold one. She said "oh, we just got these in". Oh! So you give it to me?" My buddy ordered a shot of $20 shot of Patron Silver and the bartender mixed the shot with ice water. The sushi must have been from the diet menu as portions were tiny. The only saving grace was the fried banana/ ice cream dessert. One star is way too generous for the shitty drinks, shitty attitude of the wait staff and meager portions. You want good sushi, go to Sakana in Mesa or Awatuki. You want to be served over-priced food by rude snobs. . .Paris. . .Geisha A-Go-Go Scottsdale
5	My favorite Sushi place in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area
1	Spent A LOT of money here 2-3 days ago only to get extremely sick about 6 hours later. My wife and another that ate with us contracted food poisoning. I'm not just saying that either, physician certified food poisoning, both of them. Still very sick, and my wife is currently in the hospital getting a CAT scan because of the extent of the infection.We eat sushi often. This is the most $$$ we've ever had to spend on sushi, and the ONLY place we've ever become ill. We have reported this to the Maricopa County Department of Health who are investigating the situation currently.
2	Nothing is especially bad about Geisha A Go Go, but nothing is especially great, either.  I was expecting from the way this place was hyped by Phoenix Magazine to be something truly special, even outrageous:  JPop on the TV Screens, staff that made a point to act as if they were in a Tokyo bar with all the attendant crazy fashions and giggly attitude, and drinks that were something out of this world.  While Geisha is pretty and very friendly, it certainly isn't anything unusual or exciting-- it's really just another Scottsdale Sports Bar with some Dark Colors  and Japanese Calligraphy hanging on the walls.  The food is just ok, but hardly in the same league as Stingray. The drinks aren't any more interesting than those at your local Bamboo Grill, despite the cutesey names.  And Phoenix Magazine had said in a write up that the Pachinko Machines were the high point of the Geisha Experience -- what a disappointment to discover that they are merely decorative, and don't actually work.  WHY anybody would put out the outrageous amount of money they want for Bottle Service or the Private Karaoke booths when there are so many other far more interesting bars in Phoenix that offer the same stuff is beyond me, and I am very glad I went here just to hang with friends before I succumbed to that temptation.  Not worth a return visit, unless they ramp up their game quite a bit.
1	Tried to get a table. On a Wednesday had a ridiculous wait because they wouldn't seat a table of two at a table for four. (75 minutes with tables for 3-4 sitting open!!!!) it's summer in phoenix! What are they waiting for to put butts in their seats. No matter. I left and went to Stingray who got me in with no incident at 7pm.
4	Geisha A Go Go, though flawed in several aspects, succeeds on the basis of having an unbelievable happy hour in a location that would typically demand otherwise.Their happy hour runs from 3-7 M-F and features half off sake bombers, house maki, appetizers, and spirits. The pricing is relatively modest for old town, so the savings is noticeable and deeply appreciated. As for the overall quality of accommodations and dining, the staff is friendly and attentive even during the convergence of happy hour, while the decor is a chic blend of retro Japanese kitsch and jade-infused natural motifs. The food is good, if not decidedly simplistic. The rolls are well-packed and the menu features an expansive selection of seafood blends; however, none of it tastes truly exciting. The standouts include any of the broiled rolls that include spicy mayo as a warm, bubbling topping, as well as the Flying Kamikaze (a blend of unagi and smoked salmon with sweet chile sauce). Geisha's menu does reach for eccentricity (they have a roll with Fritos on it in case you are pregnant or high), but most rolls wash out the unique flavors and land as bland on the palate. The only item of truly low quality is the gyoza, as it is consistently undercooked.I wouldn't recommend Geisha outside of happy hour, as it isn't good enough to justify full pricing; however, it is so cheap during happy hour, that the shortcomings vanish with the dollar signs.
4	Great happy hour pricing and food. Make sure your entire party is present or they won't seat you.
4	Happy hour-amazing!!!  You can't beat the half price.  Pretty decent quality for sushi, pomegranate infused saki was delicious.  Waitress was not terribly attentive. Not sure I'd come here outside of happy hour but I will be a regular here during it.
4	I've been here numerous times and each time, I remember why I love it so much! I will say, I am solely speaking of my HH experiences as I have not been for their dinner service.  I have yet to find another HH anywhere in AZ with specials like they offer, as well as the quality of food and drinks on their HH.  The infused sake bottles are DANGEROUS and when I say that, it is because they are ridiculously cheap and tasty. Their specialty drinks are also delicious, especially the Pikachu. (I have yet to try every specialty drink but I am sure it will happen eventually)And if you're addicted to edamame as I am, you can't beat a decent sized serving for $2 during happy hour. Not to mention the Go Go Fried Rice has always been amazing! (and the amount of food for $5 is ridiculous, in a good way) My favorite sushi will always be their Dragon Rolls which have always left me satisfied.I've read previous reviews about the poor service and I have never experienced that myself here. (but again, I have only gone for HH and have always been able to seat myself at the bar)  If you only have a party of 2, perhaps sit at the bar or patio. Sure, it's hot in AZ but with their misters on and a nice cold beverage, it's not half bad.The music has always been top notch as well. I am a fan and will continue to spread the word on the great Geisha a Go Go!
4	I'm becoming a regular here, the prices are just right, the food is very good and the drinks are amazing, I will agree with my fellows yelpers, they don't get 5 stars because their service, not bad but could be better.
5	LOVE this place. Happy hour is unbelievable. My boyfriend and I go there at least once a week and typically like to sit at the bar when they're not too packed. Certain bartenders usually remember what our drinks of choice are (saki bombs) and you can't beat that.
4	Came here with my friends for a drink and were AMAZED that our 3 sake bombs (complete with a full bottle of beer + heated sake) only cost $12. TOTAL!!!! Service was great - fast and professional. Both indoor and outdoor seating. Good place for people watching. I'd come back again for drinks this cheap!
5	Geisha has an awesome happy hour. $20 gets you very well fed with a substantial buzz. Word to the wise: Get the infused sake.
1	There are places that I have visited that I know I will return to and frequently recommend. This is NOT one of those places. When we walked up to the building, it seemed like a fun spot. We walked in and was greeted by no one. So we decided to seat ourselves at the bar. The decor was fun enough. Giant portraits of rock legends Jimi Hendricks, Jim Morrison, and Sid Vicious. But again, greeted by no one when we sat at the bar. Waitress walked past us without a smile or any kind of acknowledgment.Finally was able to place an order, but it was like talking to a brick wall trying to order. You would think a waitress working at a sushi restaurant would take at least five minutes to educate herself on the menu. Oh, and never asked for a drink order. I'm sitting at the bar, I think that means that I want to drink. All in all the waitress did not seem interested in helping us. We came in on a Wednesday night, not busy or packed.The food...... Some of the blandest, tasteless sushi ever. I could have gotten better sushi at a bait shop. Completely lacking in flavor, taste, and flare. Do yourself a favor, if you find yourself walking toward Sushi A Go Go, turn around and "go go" to Stingray (same owner but better food and service)
4	great sushi and I loved the rock shrimp. I'll absolutely go back.
4	Great Happy Hour everyday! Love this place. Probably my favorite place for sushi in Scottsdale. Def. the best happy hour. But I did take one star because they desperately need to update their menu. For months now there are incorrect items...including last night when I ordered the Tempure Ice Cream only to find out they no longer use Chocolate & Peanut Butter ice cream but they now use Chocolate & Banana. Same with the drink menu. Not a huge deal...just a little annoying.
4	So good, so very good. Love their happy hour.Their signature roll, Geisha A Go Go (yes, that's the roll's name) is AMAZING. That's my favorite, along with the Dragon Roll (which I always love). I don't remember what else we got.Been here a couple times now, and I've never been disappointed. Service is fast even during happy hour, waiters are friendly. You can't go wrong with this place if you're in the Old Town area.
4	The sushi here is very good, but to be honest that was not the reason we went here.  This is a fun place to chill, have a few drinks, a few rolls and save a few bucks.  If I lived in Scottsdale I can imagine I would frequent here - no question.  It's not a large place, and I'm sure this place gets crowed at times. We went during an off time and It was great.  They staff was helpful, casual and I have to say -  extremely attractive.  Stop by here during happy hour or to grab a drink and a sushi roll as an app before dinner.  It's a fun place.
5	Sushi, cute girls, tasty beverages - whats not to like? The DJ could have toned it down just a tad, since I had flashbacks from a car stereo competition from my childhood. But enough of me dating myself, and I'll leave my seat on the balcony next to Waldorf for a minute (ad hoc Muppet's reference). The Happy Hour is fantastic, and since we realized that the HH was still in effect when we arrived, we ordered promptly. I started of with a coffe drink mixed with vodka and attitude - I would have it again, but after that I probably just order what I like and not go for goofy names of weird mixtures. The food was awesome BUT the rolls that are affected by happy hour are very much alike, and that's cool. The appetizers I had was all great. Just deliciously unhealthy and tasty. The rolls was good, but we ordered too much food and by the end I was just stuffed. I will definitely come back here, both for happy hour and not. I was genuinely impressed in a place where I didn't think I was going to be. In retrospect I think I should have opted for outside seating due to the lower volume from the DJ's personal favorite remixes.
5	I celebrated my 42 birthday here in September 2013, it was my best bash yet, all my friends had a grand time in a private room with great bottle service! I will be back!
4	If you are looking for a fun, young, and a great people watching spot while you eat your sushi, this is the place for you! They also have a DJ that keeps the beats going while you eat. I've been here a ton of times to meet up with friends. If you are in a group larger than 4 people I would recommend calling to see if they can hold a table for you because its first come first serve and tables go quickly! The prices are reasonable and def cheap during Happy Hour, which is from 5-7 daily and all day Sunday for those of you who take part in Sunday Funday:) They recently expanded the patio so now there is a lot more seating available outdoors. Staff has always been good about seating my party and I quickly and also taking our order promptly. All specialty martinis are $5 during HH and they are filled up to the brim just the way they should be! My favorite martini is Turning Japanese, which is Stoli Gala Apple, pear juice, peach and lime, and by the time you finish it you may feel just that:) My all time favorite roll is the Seared Salmon Specials, which you can actually find on the appetizer section its DELISH! It also doesn't have any rice on it for those of you looking to cut out some carbs. This is what I recommend to all my friends as a MUST have! Overall, its a great HH spot in old town Scottsdale with well priced food and drinks:)
5	This place is amazing!! I go at least once a week! The food is great and the happy hour covers a lot of options! Great for a group of friends!!!
3	This is a good place to meet friends, hang out and have a few drinks.   The happy hour is decent with a few rolls and drinks to choose from.   All appetizers were half off and there is enough there to fill you up. There is a DJ that plays fresh beats and keeps it rocking. I took 2 stars away because of the sushi.  I would not go here for sushi, the sushi was not that good.  They try but the sushi was really fishy tasting.  Not sure why many people rate it as great or even good??  I would go back to chill but not for sushi.
5	I love this place every single time I go. Their happy hour is by far the best in town. Can't beat their prices. Both their sushi and cocktails are awesome. I've never had bad service here. Everyone is always very friendly. By far my favorite dinner and happy hour spot in old town scottsdale!
2	So used to Love this place but not so much anymore......waitstaff SUCKS SOOOOOO BAD! It took 30 mins to get a drink from our waitress, no one ever came to take our empty food plates, she was too busy admiring herself at mirror. Horrible service the only reason I gave 2 star is because happy hour drink prices are good.  Sushi is sub par, it's just run down and staff thinks they're really special.
2	Such a shame this place has such terrible service because the atmosphere and happy hour is great! Have rented a karaoke room, came for lunch and did happy hour... Every time horrible service! Long waits for food and drinks, servers and bartenders have poor attitudes... Pretty sure we won't be back
3	A pretty trendy sushi joint in Old Town. They had me sold with the Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix photos behind the bar.
2	first of all i don't appreciate being yelled at "WERE CLOSE!" from a female bartender, upon walking into this establishment i waited 5 minutes before someone offered a table and in those quiet 5 minutes i saw at least 3 employees and no one had the decency to say "someone will be with you shortly" good food but terrible service.   never again.....
5	We love this place! The happy hour is amazing, the atmosphere is fun, the service is good etc.And to top it all off the toilets in the ladies room have some added features. Haha! We moved about an hour away now, but still make a visit here atleast once a month.
4	This place has an awesome happy hour, did I mention its all day on sunday? We usually come to this place for some sake bombers and some of their infused sakes after a long day of work or a relaxing afternoon on the weekends. Service is pretty fast, the waitresses are gorgeous, cool environment. Last night my sister in law decided to have her birthday dinner get-together here, we reserved on of the karaoke rooms, alot of fun!
1	The bartender at Geisha was not friendly nor had a smile on her face ever. She became annoyed and hostile with us when having to correct our order. We asked that our edamame could have less salt and her response was "That's not possible." Not sure where her customer service skills were hidden but I sure hope she finds them in a haste manner.  Wishing her the best of luck since it seems like it will be hunting for a needle in a haystack.
4	Very busy place but a decent happy hour. The best part is the private karoake rooms which are also available at a happy hour rate.  Definite come early if you want a place to sit or to be able to schedule a room. There are some unique drink options and the sushi is decent.
1	I wasn't even in the restaurant for a full 10 minutes before I was denied service because my cousin went to use the restroom when we entered. Apparently you can't use the restroom here folks without the manager accusing you of being too drunk when in fact she wasn't even drinking. The manager had a major condescending attitude. FYI it wasn't even busy yesterday and they denied service to some very generous travelers. I didn't even know what to say. Awful.
4	Let me start by saying when you come here get the Hello Kitty martini! Don't ask questions just get it! lol. I've been here a few times and I really do enjoy coming here. I ALWAYS get the hello kitty martini. The name just speaks for itself. It comes with Pinnacle citrus, Japanese strawberry soda, and fruit infused Sake. Yummy!!! For food, I always get the Gaijin roll. It's like a chimicanga type sushi roll. I know, it sounds weird but it's actually quite tasty. I don't usually do hand rolls, and I've never gotten a philly hand roll before but omg, I loved it! The only negative thing about this place is it can be a bit pricey during regular hours. However, they do have happy hour everyday from 3-7 and half off ALL drinks on Sundays. The service is also really good. We were always checked on and they're also very knowledgeable about everything. I need to come back during happy hour and Sundays! =)
5	Awesome happy hour! And servers and bartenders are always cute and nice! This place is always busy but beware of the bathroom heated seats... Ewweyyy
5	I. Love. This. Place. Everything about this place is fun, and exciting. The food is amazing. My husband and I like all kinds of sushi. From store bought to fine dining. Geisha a Go Go sits right on the higher end of middle range sushi. When you first walk in, an assortment of Japanses video games line the walls. The dining room is trendy, and there are lots of different types of seating, including the bar.The drink specials are always good, and some of their signature drinks are spectacular. They even have karaoke rooms you can rent! Seriously! How amazing is that!  From what I hear they run around 200 dollars which is an amazing steal for the experience. I know it's geeky, but I love the Japanese toilets. I can't tell you have many times I beg my husband to buy us one, but apparently they are "expensive" and "not a necessity" I've had date nights with the hubs, bachlorette parties, birthday partys, happy hours, and family gatherings at this place, and it never stops being a good time. Next time you're in, order a Hello Kitty. It will change your life.
4	Hubby and I went here on a date night. Sushi was yummy and so were the drinks. We went on a busy Sat. evening and there was a DJ so it was a little loud not overbearing though. Makes for good people watching. Our waitress was sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. We'll definately revisit this one.
3	I do eat here relatively often because my sister is a big fan but me eh not so much. It's OK like nothing fantastic, nothing terrible but when people say "How about Geisha?" My usual reaction is "Yeah that's fine" but what I'm really thinking is the following review: They have some inventive rolls but they are largely deep fried which I'm not a big fan of. Maybe I'm just being a snob (I am kind of a snob; full disclosure) but I feel like it's a little run down and old. It doesn't smell musty but it's one of those places that look like it could. Also, it's not like it's cheap; usually you'll spend about $40 bucks for two people I mean that's not a lot by old town standards but considering the sushi is ho hum and it feels a little old and like it hasn't been renovated in awhile I personally don't think it's worth it. When I go out to eat in Old Town I expect nice decor and delicious and this place just doesn't do it for me.
4	This is my favorite sushi place. Sometimes service is ok...but most of the time we have a great experience with awesome food!
3	Great atmosphere, great music, open late, always seems to have people here, sushi is just average... Not bad not good just average.
4	Love the atmosphere love the martinis and happy hour rocks! A DJ spins on weekends and happy hour it's a rockin place!
5	HAPPY HOUR! With all honesty, I only go here for happy hour, but you can't pass it up! $5 sake bombs = YESSSSS! veggie gyoza= YUM!chicken gyoza = UHHH YUM!and the rolls! oh the almighty rolls, they are all made to perfection ! They are really delicious.All the apps are half price during happy hour, and there are so many choices!! it's excellent! and BONUS they have a DJ there sometimes that plays some groovy tunes. In addition to the great prices, the location is killer too! Old town is really a great place to go out so if you're feeling rowdy enough to start drinking during happy hour, you can hit the bars a little bit later and make a night of it.WIN WIN LADIES AND GENTS!
3	This place is nice to sit outside on the patio. I came here for a big birthday group and it was not very comfortable. The service was okay and not really on top of things. I got the lettuce wraps which were pretty good. I don't think I would come back but it's decent.
4	Great place to have drinks and to grab a bite before heading out for the night. Great service good sushi.. be nice if it was a little bit bigger. More tables, other then that good place.
5	Great atmosphere, love the bar setup and decor! Also loved the low couch seating for dining. Enjoyed a few of the specialty cocktails.. The kinky kooler and hello kitty martini were my favorites! Definitely recommend visiting during happy hour if you plan on drinking a lot. The fried rice with shrimp, chicken, and beef was amazing! Sure fried rice is hard to screw up, but all the meat was perfectly cooked and added a lot of great flavor. The specialty rolls were amazing. I highly recommend the Dragonball roll and the Astroboy.
3	Ok so every night when my friends and I want to eat dinner we somehow always decide on sushi, and then somehow we always decide on geisha.... And every time we sit down there we say "WHY THIS AGAIN???". Maybe it's because it's the only sushi place in old town (except sting ray which has a terrible menu, is weirdly right next door, and owned by the same owners...). Anyway, Geisha has a GREAT happy hour. Like i'm talking amazing. And some of the best infused sake I've ever had. And the food is pretty good too. The reason we always question why we go there is because some of the servers are just so rude and terrible. In fact, the one hostess (you know who you are...) is SO rude it actually baffles me every time. Some of my calmest friends have actually gotten into arguments with her. I will say that there are some great people who work there too. But that hostess....man she's gotta go
5	amazingly yummy! A must go!
3	Let me start by saying that we had a very fun dinner; however, the sushi quality is just mediocre.  The Turning Japanese martini was fantastic. The highlight of our meal were the drinks and the dj during dinner. If ambiance is more important than the actual sushi, this is a great choice for you.
5	Red samari roll found me well! Arnold palmers are delicious as well. Great crowd here on a Friday night with excellent patio seating. Short wait for two people
5	I f*ckin love Geisha. I just do. It's awesome sushi, and an even more awesome atmosphere and happy hour. The fried rice on happy hour is such a good bang for your buck, and so damn good. The rock shrimp appetizer is cocaine to me. Great cocktails, live DJ, gorgeous wait staff. Karaoke room. Fantastic location. Can't ask for more.
4	Geisha is our spot. Cheap house sushi, drinks and apps everyday thru 3-7 and all day Sunday. If you dont get there early you will wait for 20 min to 45 for a table. Every one is nice even the security gaurds. Sometimes gets Really Noisy due to there dj but its Whatever tho. Great for groups and to bring your friends who haven't had sushi before.
2	I used to go here a lot a couple of years back. I remember it better. I have to say that the food is not even close to what I have tried lately in other sushi places. The service is terrible. There were two hostesses. One was Asian and very kind and sweet. The other one ugh oh my!! I can't describe how rude she was. She must think that she is doing customers a big favor by organizing the sitting. Since she said it would be 20 mins we just went to the bathroom and then stopped at the bar. A min later we see her pointing at as as if her mother never told her that pointing at people while you talk about them is rude!! I read other reviews and seems like I am not the only one thinking that. And is not like it was busy at all. Was close to 9 pm on Sunday. Now, despite it wasn't exactly packed when I ordered a drink it took 15 mins or more to get it. At the time of taking the order for our food they did not set up the table. I waited like 10 mins for soy sauce after my sushi arrived. So much that I just gave up and ate half of the roll without it. And the next sushi took close to 20 mins to come after the first one. Pretty pretty slow service. I was a server at some time in my life and I can understand it can be overwhelming. But then there's times when the service is just plain uncaring. This is one of those times. The ambience is priceless. You can't argue with that. Is it worth eating a mediocre sushi with mediocre service. Not at all. For years I spoke wonders of this place to my husband who had never been there. He was so sad to see me so disappointed. But oh well. I will just go back to my new place and never look back for sure. :)
2	In my personal opinion I dislike this place for a few different reasons. First off it's not an authentic sushi spot, completely Americanized...gross(to me)I like the real sushi spots that use the raw fish just the way I like it. I had to order just a regular tuna roll and sashimi since none of their special rolls had anything that caught my eye. It only seemed like they had crab mix and tempura shrimp as an option. So disappointed. You cannot do sake bombs the loud and obnoxious way that my boyfriend loves to do them.  You will get stopped by one of the staff members.  Not like I enjoy listening to that stuff as I eat but it's just kinda dumb that you can't if you wanted too.Scottsdale or should I say SNottsdale....where everyone looks at you like you are crazy if you aren't completely done up. Now if this place was like a whole In the wall sushi place with the type of options I was looking for id give this place 4 possibly 5 stars.  But because their basic tuna roll couldn't even hold together for the prices we paid here I'm just not even surprised at this point. I was just so upset that not one special roll stood out to me.
5	If sushi is what you like, visit "The Geish" (What I like to call it). This is a great place to bring a date. The seared salmon special and Infused saki are my favorite. The vibe is very relaxed and intimate.
1	The sushi was so so, service was mediocre and the drink "hello kitty martini" is the furthest thing from a martini. Ultimately dissatisfied.
4	This is still one of my favorite spots in Scottsdale, quality continues to keep up as well as friendly service, the happy hour is from 4 to 7 I believe so it is good!! The sushi portions are great so are the quality and flavor, still they get 4 stars for their very limited sushi menu. Today I'm taking advantage of the happy hour and intend to get very happy, instead of rolls I ordered the sushi sampler and looks good and plenty full. I guess if you want more options you could go across to Stingray, but you will fin lower quality and yes higher prices. What I like here the most, after the food, is the ambiance, the place is cool and trendy the bar/terrace is the best place to start the night early before heading to a club. If you haven't been here, I know options are plentiful but you have to make this stop a most! Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
2	I eat sushi about 2 days a week, and I had never been to Geisha A Go Go.  I was very intrigued, i would think something in Scottsdale in this neighborhood has to be of substance, or how else would they pay the bills, right? IT WAS MUD BUTT AT FIRST BITE... If you're gonna take a dump here, which I assume you will if you eat the food, I highly advise HOVERING, not even a nest of TP will save you from the potential staph infection you could catch from those toilette seats.I was trying to have a decent conversation with my company, but the 40-something year-old patrons there seem to think that yelling is the only way you can communicate at a restaurant.  If you wanna listen to dudes talk about how Poison and The Scorpions are great "hard rock" bands, this place is for YOU.  If someone is rating this place 5-stars, it's because they are getting payed to, or have never had sushi near a large body of salt water, and are land-locked in the misery we know as Scottsdale.The staff were amazing, very polite and kind.  Hence the generosity on two stars.
3	I don't come here for sushi!Happy Hour is the way to go! Sundays all day is happy hour- everyone's favorite day to go. I love their ribs & fried rice. I do not care for their sushi, it's nothing too special and sometimes not that fresh. Almost the whole staff seems miserable, never really see any smiles from anyone. No matter if it's a crazy Sunday late afternoon or a normal weekday.
3	The service was slow but the food was great. I would absolutely go there again!
5	Bomb happy hour ! RA sushi suckssssssss and Sting Ray is for if you atent 21.... They typically play good music too a lot of classic rock like Led Zeppelin and pink Floyd. Sometimes they play house music but not always best sushi spot in Old Town
1	..
2	Took forever to get out sushi. Sushi isn't the greatest. We ordered a caterpillar roll,Philly and California roll. None of those rolls had any flavor. All bland tasting. Service by our waitress wasn't the greatest. I think she looked at us like we didn't have money and was working other tables because I'm sure they got the attention they needed and my table sure didn't. Asked for a glass of ice and was treated like I was asking for too much. No return visit. Good luck.
4	Great sushi and especially great prices during happy hour. The sake carafes are DIRT CHEAP during happy hour and taste so good. You can get a reallllyyyy good buzz for not a lot of money!The waitresses can sometimes be slow/forget about a table. I've experienced this only a few times, so I'm sure it's not the norm, but it does happen. Parking in downtown can be troublesome in evenings and weekends so be prepared for that. Call ahead if you have a large group or planning to come during a busy hour
4	Went here for the first time on a Sunday (all-day happy hour). The prices seem reasonable, however on happy hour the appetizers (& drinks) are 1/2 price. Awesome deals. Vegetable & chicken goyza very tasty and the chicken wings were great.Great happy hour deals and everyone knows it, busy even on a Sunday night.
5	I have really enjoyed myself here. Don't usually go because when it's during their happy hour the whole place is packed. Saki bombs are an absolute must.
5	This place was amazing and so awesome!!! Not disappointed one bit! Drove from Tucson to celebrate an occasion with a group and the manager Scott was extremely accommodating as was the service. Sushi was great, private room was on point, and the service was good. We came here despite reading negative reviews and glad we did. Sometimes ppl must just feel like complaining because we had a great time! Thank you geisha go go!!
5	Happy hour is so awesome here compared to other sushi places on happy hour. The veggie gyoza and the veggie rolls are awesome and even better when it's half the price. Parking sucks and sometimes a wait for a table but it's all worth it. The waitress gets real busy so keep your cool too. Come Sunday for all day HH and eat and drink all the things! Go Go!
1	Had a frustrating experience here with regard to a karaoke room rental.  The manager on duty was merely buy-the-book on the incident, which was further frustrating.  Attempting to keep the party going, I told the waitress to put the extra hour room charge, $100, on my tab.  Come to find out after the hour passed, even though I was not the original renter of the room, I was then subject to all contractual terms, which included sales tax on the room rental and an auto-grat.  I had my own bar tab, plus I ordered some food late.  The extra $100 room fee jacked up the sales tax and an auto-grat of 18% they applied to my lone bill.  In the end, I paid the $100 fee cash, and they took the charge off my bill, reducing the sales tax burden and their auto-grat accordingly.  I normally tip 20%, and my waitress was great, but I left $0 above their 18% auto-grat.  I did not like the way the bill was presented.  I voiced my concern to the manager on duty.  He didn't seem to care that I was upset, nor did he seem to want to make me feel better after my initial frustration.  The situation was resolved amicably, but I will not return.I've lived in Scottsdale and frequented Old Town since the mid 1990's, probably about the time this manager was getting out of grade school.The customer is always right, even when he isn't, or when he's at GAGG, apparently.    I am tempted to share this experience with my 5,000 local friends on facebook, but for now, I'll let this review stand and take my karaoke back to Ernies and 92nd Street, and for sushi, it's always been Kyoto.
1	Horrible service, too much attitude and disgusting bathrooms!  Used to love coming here, will not go back again.
5	ALL DAY HH ON SUNDAYS!!!!!!!!! Went here with some friends and we ate our weight in sushi. We also had apps since they were half price. There was this rock shrimp app and it was the bomb.com! Can't go wrong with Geisha a go go. The Kiwi Cooler is legit!
4	Finally getting to this one, We have been regulars there, me and my assorted peeps. I generally got for the Sunday 3pm Happy Hour. Place gets packed fast so don't blame me if you get stuck in the sun outside. Beer is half off, so is most of the appy menu and some sushi. The music is great, service is superb, and the place is very trendy and has a super cool vibe. We have ordered the ribs, wings, fried rice, ramen, and assorted sushi. All were tasty. And priced right at happy hour. Karaoke rooms available for parties and the staff is cute and peppy, never an empty glass for us. Great place to hang or bring a date. Get a reservation if you go during busy time or they will turn you away  or sit you in the sun, Bummer.
3	FILLING STATION IN DISGUISE!Pros:-From what I ate and my friends had, the sushi was alright. I would recommend the 'Pokemon'. If theres one thing I enjoyed it was how they named their items on the menu. Another dish was named 'The Dragonball'-The outside seating had misters.Cons:-Very poor lighting, could hardly see my food-slow service and our waitress did not communicate very well. Not sure if she was completely fluent in English.-took 20min to get a beer-music was loud and bass driven, an atmosphere you would go and get drunk at not somewhere you would sit down and eat sushi. -had a unisex bathroom with one toilet  really? You serve alcohol and sushi........and have only one toilet in the whole establishment?! Looks like there was more thought put into the name of the restaurant and the items on the menu then actually putting together a functional business.
4	Happy hour and selection of sushi is amazing. My favorite roll is the Red Samurai! They have a kareoke room you can rent out for special events! The ambiance and environment is so chic and modern. A great place to have a girls night!
5	Great food and great atmosphere. There is a dj booth with great music, this is not your typical sushi place!
1	I never got to actually go here. When we arrived at 8:30 we were told by a bouncer at the door that you have to be 21+ after 8. It was a Friday night. I'm not sure if this is just a weekend thing or not. I'm also not seeing this mentioned anywhere on their website.
1	This sushi joint looks and smells great but I left highly unimpressed. The waitress was flat with no personality, no time management, and said little to nothing. Most of her time was spent in the service well talking to some stereotypical "bros". The shrimp tempura roll was labeled $5.75 but we were charged $8.50. I wanted to bring this to the attention of our waitress but I couldn't chew and swallow fast enough to say something before she'd drop and run. The tempura roll was bland and made sloppily. However, the sushi rice was made perfectly, it was sticky and just a little sweet. Both the fried rice and yakisoba noodles were drenched in sesame oil and were only enjoyable after a liberal application of Sriracha. For $64, bad service, and just okay food I won't return and do not recommend this place.
2	Disclaimer, I'm a older Japanese American man. In saying that my rating of two stars is fair. This place is not for old Japanese folks who have been raised in a Japanese home, eating Japanese food. I knew this coming into it, just by the name of the place. The pounding music, TV'S on most of the walls and the absence of anyone even looking Asian confirmed my suspensions. Decent bar fair but terrible Japanese food let's not get the two mixed-up. You come here to get drunk and have a good time, eat some food, get a taxi. You don't come here to experience the Japanese culture through food and drink. Last words...once is enough, pass.
3	Tried the happy hour thought it was pretty good. The prices were unbelievable and the food quality was alright. (Hard to please when you re spoilt by fresh seafood). Def worth checking it out
1	Last Saturday two of my girlfriends and I went in for dinner for one my my friends birthday. It was a pleasant place, the food was good and decently priced. It was loud, but that was the type of atmosphere this place was going for, which is something I'm not going to complain about. The only unfortunate part of the evening was our server. Our sever was ignoring us consistently through out the night, and we sat for a decent amount of time waiting for her to come over to take our orders. But, it was busy, so none of us were too bothered by the situation, so we shrugged it off and understood. The thing that really got us is that we all split the check, two of us paying with credit and one with cash. When another server returned with our checks, the server who had been taking care of us pocketed the rest of the cash in my friends check book. My friend was planning on leaving that amount anyway, but the fact that the server assumed she was being tipped that amount (which was approx. 27% for her portion of the bill), was rude and the last straw for tipping our server a larger amount. So, myself and the other friend of mine left a small amount of money on both of our bills, leaving the server with a 10% tip, and pretty annoyed customers. I definitely would have gone again if I had not had to be taken care of by that server again, but unfortunately, the server has left a really disgusting taste in my mouth. Checking my bank statements this morning and doing some budgeting, I found that the server had over charged me, giving herself a 20% tip on my credit card receipt. I myself have worked in the food industry for nearly 6 years, and I have seen servers come and go for "stealing" from customers, and a few get arrested for it as well. I do not wish that on this girl, but I do want it brought to the management's attention. This is absolutely inappropriate, especially when you are working to create a name for yourself in Scottsdale food industry. I hope you can look into this a bit more, and find out which one of your servers is doing this.
1	No at all a good place when it comes to customer service or hospitality! The bouncer here has no brains whatsoever and should be thrown out!
1	Good food
5	Finally getting around to writing this review.  We normally come here as our pre game dinner spot before hitting the town.  Totally love the vibe of this place, really gets you in the mood.  They have a DJ that plays a lot of mixes that you hear from bars and clubs around .  This place gets super busy on weekends and sundays so expect to wait a bit.  We were told a 40 minute wait for our group of 7 so we waited at the bar, however it must have been a shorter time than that or time just flew while we were too busy having fun.  The hostess did inform me that we are able to call ahead for our party in the future so we can avoid waiting, will make sure to do so next time.   I must say in the past the service has been so so or not too great,  which is probably why I never care to really write a review cuz my review would be mixed cuz I love this place and the food, but the service was ok.  However our server this time, Alleyne was awesome.  She was really friendly and patient with us.  She recommended we try one of the unfiltered sake, which of course after a couple shots I've now forgotten the name, it was yummy and not gross like I imagined sake to be.  We normally stick to the boring spicy tuna and california rolls, but she helped us pick out some other sushi rolls that were amazing.  My personal favorites was the salmon special and the Bye Bye Kitty.  Overall all our whole experience was fantastic because of her great customer service, thanks again to our server!! I highly recommend this place!!!
4	I go to Geisha A Go Go almost weekly on Sundays. Besides having great sushi, some of the best in town, Sundays have an all day happy hour for selected sushi rolls, all appetizers, as well as 1/2 off the entire alcohol menu. I went there last night (Wed) besides great food and service, one thing I did like was their music selection. On Sundays its mostly hip-hop that's too loud and hard to have a conservation most of the time without yelling. Well, on Wed they played classic rock at a lower level and more suitable for the crowd. As a group, we enjoyed that atmosphere much better. Recently opening for lunch and with happy hour specials daily in the early evenings, I would recommend this place any day of the week. Davena
2	Date Night for 2 this past Saturday with my boyfriend included: 2 cold Sake bombs, the Japanese beer battered cod as an appetizer and the "Samuri Warrior" (I believe that's what it's called) for the main dish ... ran us $60 bucks!  I'd never made so much for a cold sake bomb, or for Sushi that taste like I made it myself!  Nothing exceptional about it all.  This is only my 3rd time trying sushi since moving to Phoenix.  Here, Blue Water Grill and Whole Foods!  Whole Foods beats everybody else out of the water.In addition to the mediocre sushi, the service absolutely sucks!  We probably only seen our server a total of 4 times.  Once when she took out drink orders, once when she brought the drinks back and took our order, and the third time she came when she noticed we were done and already had the bill in hand.I careless to give this place a second try!
4	Note: once you start to sakebomb (this place calls them bombers) you may not be able to stop...leading to a very interesting night and a not so interesting hangover.Stopped in for some late afternoon-early evening specials (specials go 3-7pm and all day Sunday!). Ordered a few dishes (chicken gyoza, gyoza, tuna sushi, salmon sushi, etc)...all quite good. The sakebombs are quite dangerous (especially for the prices).Half price: drinks, apps, maki, sake bombs, seeasonal wine, sake infusionsService was excellent, will go back again (esp for HH and maybe even to check out the karaoke!
4	I have only been here for Happy Hour, but it probably the best happy hour in Scottsdale for the price. Not bad sushi and excellent happy hour drink specials. I would give this place 5 stars, but their sashimi is meh. I love their lychee flavored sake bombers. The atmosphere is really fun and if the temperature is right try to sit on the patio.
3	Good sushi and great infused sake!  Gets a little packed on the weekends but is a fun crowd.
5	We made it for happy hour which was fantastic. Someone had recommended this cool unique spot. Cool bar, patio, sushi bar and a super fun bonus a karaoke room!!!! The food was great and the happy hour made the bill much easier to swallow. We had the chicken gyoza, wings, spicy tuna roll and ahi sliders. All yum!I would love to come back and experience the karaoke room :)
1	Bad service and waitresses unable to do math.  Manager and owner unresponsive to all emails and complaints
3	Alright. My 12 year old son (yelp elite in the making) says I should rate our evening 2 stars but I will give them 3. Bad first impression. Difficult to get a table but it was Friday night. Sashimi was good quality ahi. The Gaigin roll (sushi) was interesting (although the waitress didn't know how to pronounce it) and had a good kick. I was not disappointed. The ramen was weak, the sweet and spicy chicken was average and the service was sporadic, at best.
3	Had my fair share of sushi and this place is a solid three star. I ordered the bye bye kitty roll only to solidify my belief that guacamole has no place in the sushi world. As another  course I had the astroboy which was not bad. Again not bad nor out of this world sushi. Solid drink menu as well. Enjoy.
4	Always good food!
5	Stopped in because we really wanted sake bombs. We got something we did not expect - a whole carafe of sake & a huge can of sapporo! We got at least 3-4 bombs out of it and it was just $12 for each of us! Just another reason why I love Geisha A Go Go.
3	Don't know any other karaoke sushi place other than Geisha. No worries you won't have to feel awkward and sing in front of a crowd because Geisha has private rooms you can book and with a group of friends this place is such a blast!
4	Was there on Saturday night with some friends. Excellent Go Go Rice, delish sushi. Just wish they had black napkins for those of us who wear black. We looked like lint catchers when we got up to leave.
2	This review is primarily regarding the larger karaoke room you can rent. Considering the rate begins at $300 for 3 hours (with $150 going toward food and drinks, but depending on the number of people you have it will be well above that) one would expect Geisha A Go Go to maybe channel their profits toward maintenance and cleaning of the room. One area of the carpet by the stage had a strong smell of urine (which is great while eating,) and several of the seat cushions were in such poor shape that they were sunken into the seat several inches. A friend of mine who had rented the same room in 2009 felt it was much nicer back then and that they hadn't updated it since. The service, food, and drinks were not an issue, but the karaoke room itself was quite disgusting. You'd be better off going to a local bar that has karaoke, sharing the mic with others, and saving hundreds of dollars.
5	One of my favorite sushi places. More on the heavy fried side tho...the fried rice is amazing. Best in town if you ask me. Korean Rocket roll was warm and tasty. The quality of fish here is great, I am not a fishy person. Love their sushi. The vibe inside is great too....pictures of Jimmy Hendrix, Jim Morrison, and Sid Vicious line the main bar. The house made saki is Delish too. One of my favorite places to bring out of towners!
