5	We came here with a large group from work and had a great time, great food and great customer service.   Most of us ordered the lunch special - half a sandwich and soup and plaintains or tostones.  The cuban sandwich and garbanzo bean soup I had were really good.  The customer service was excellent.  Some of our group arrived later and so were looking kind of hungry when the food began to arrive - moments later the server stopped by with tostones for them to snack on while the waited.  The owners stopped by say hello too.  Enjoy this small, local business!
4	Initially I was concerned that the half sandwich / soup lunch special wouldn't actually allow me to sample the Cuban flavors... but it does, and you can not beat that $5.99 price!  Plantains and the potaje garbanzo soup was really flavorful (ended up dipping the dry tostones into it).  The pan con bistec sandwich was a tough steak cut but not too bad.. will try the medianoche (on sweet bread) next time.  The jupina pineapple soda, as the waitress said, it really does take like a liquid lifesaver (sugar buzz).... next time I'll save room for one of the homemade desserts and a cortadito to finish.
4	How did I not know this place was just a few miles from my home? I'm so excited! I originally only stopped in a few hours ago to grab a "snack" on a whim. I couldn't drive by a Cuban place here in Phoenix and not stop in, even if I just ate. You know?So I stopped in and picked up an order of ham croquettes and an order of tostones to go. While I waited, I hung out and talked to the owner, Al, who told me they've only been there since July. This restaurant is a family business he and his wife started after he was laid off earlier this year. I encouraged him to hang in there, because just talking to him, I knew I'd like the food. His daughter brought out some buttered/pressed bread to snack on while I waited, and it was awesome.Just a few minutes later, my croquetas and tostones were ready, and off I went. Honestly I couldn't wait to drive the 2.something miles to my home. I had to start eating the minute I got in the car. It just smelled so good. It was sooooo worth it to make that stop. The croquetas were perfect. The way I love them back home. The tostones were just the right amount of crispy, with just the right amount of salty. Not soggy/half-raw like I've had in some other places.After getting home, I went online to see if they had a website, and they do. (www.mimitascubancafe.com). I perused the menu again, looking for key items (arroz con pollo a la chorrera, fritas, pastelitos de guayaba, etc. - things I have had a hard time finding here done RIGHT).Two out of three ain't bad, I guess (didn't see pastelitos on the menu). The frita on the menu sounds like a deviation from the traditional style, too. BUT, I haven't tried it. For all I know, it's darn good.Anyway, I couldn't resist and called up to order dinner. I ordered the Arroz con Pollo a la Chorrera - and here's why. Most places I've been to here that feature this dish on the menu, do NOT label it "a la chorrera," a very important part of this dish. The dry rice is just not the same as this soupy, mushy version, which is the way my family makes it. The order takes about 45 minutes to 1 hour to prepare, which gave me some time to shower, relax and fantasize about my dinner. Just a few minutes ago, I got back and my husband and I went to town on it. Oh my god, it's so freaking good. Mushy yellow rice, with strips of red pepper, green peas, and shredded chicken all over the place. It came with 6 platanos maduros fritos (fried plantains), and a salad.The plantains were darn good - just like my mom's. Soft, sweet and not too thick or greasy. The salad was blah, the way "Cuban" salad usually is - lettuce, sliced tomato and onion. Nothing spectacular, but that is what I expected because in Cuban cuisine, salad isn't really what you look forward to eating anyway. Right?My husband loved the arroz con pollo so much he went back for seconds. What's more, even after both of us had our fill, we still have leftovers. The menu says the dish is for 2-3 people, but it truly is a generous amount! For $25.00 ($23 and change plus tax), it's good for four meals. Pretty good deal, I must say!Overall, I am SO happy. SO VERY, VERY, VERY happy to have found this place, and even happier that it's near my house. We'll definitely be coming back for some of our favorites: Cuban sandwiches, ropa vieja, and of course I'll have to get some croquetas and arroz con pollo again. So far, this is the closest to what I've had in Miami, hands down. Their competitors had better watch out!
2	Mimitas Cafe  is nothing to brag about....maybe my expectations were too high because I had a friend rave about this place so I  expected a little too much...Unfortunately I was disappointed. The food was nothing out of the ordinary..the rice was a bit dry and the flavor was blandThey do give fresh bread but it is very limited and when I asked for more- the waitress said no and that there was not enough..... for a restaurant???!!!We are not going back - but people should notice that for a cuban restaurant - the owner and staff are no where near cuban.........
5	Having never eaten Cuban food before, we had a great experience.  The waiter/bartender was very friendly and cooperative; offering many suggestions.  The food was great and they had the best flan I have ever tasted.  We will definitely be dining here more often.
4	Very nice menu. Wife being from Miami looks for good Cuban food. Well happened by this place and ordered the Cuban Sandwich, black beans and rice along with Tostones, and Plantanos Maduros. All very good. Nice family run placeWe have been back for dinner several times. Very good attentive service. We recommend this place big time!!
2	I was hankering for a good fish dish a la Vera Cruz and decided to try out Mimita's Cuban Cafe since a friend had recommended it. It's sad to say that I was very disappointed with their food. I ordered the Filete de Pescado al Ajo with Moros. Needless to say, aside from the butt load of crushed garlic enough to scare off the vampires on Halloween, the food was bland underneath all that garlic. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Maduros. But it's pretty tough to mess up fried plantain.I don't see me going back there, nor recommending it to my friends and family...and they call themselves The Best Cuban Food in Town, yuck!
1	Went here with my boyfriend (Nam D.... who will probably write a review after I post this) this afternoon. He was sooo excited to have Cuban food again, because he hasn't really had any since he left Tuscon to move here 6 years ago. But just... wow. No. I ordered the Masitas de Peurco, which according to the menu took 30 minutes to prepare. Great, I thought, more time to play Boggle while we waited! I'm not entirely sure what they did to the pork that took half an hour, but by the time it came to the table it was hardly recognizable. It was waaaaaay overcooked and a little bit on the salty side. When I went to squeeze some lime juice on it (it came with 2 slices of lime)... nothing came out of the limes. I forced about half of my pork down before Nam & I left. Took the rest of my food home with me to be polite. Maybe I can use the leftover pork as a doorstop or something... Definitely not planning on coming back any time in the immediate future.
2	I have never felt worse after eating at a restaurant.  Sometimes, the food is terrible and the service is terrible so you kinda enjoy bitching and moaning.  Sometimes the service is bad but food is great, so you put up with in hopes that it will return.  In this case, I had so many hopes for this place, and was treated very kindly, but unfortunately the entrees were terrible, yet I feel guilty about writing this because I want them to succeed.There were some hopeful beginnings.  Walking in, there are bright colors and some Cuban flair, and to your left you see a nice mural depicting Cuba and the life of a family there.  Very open restaurant, and a local live band comes some evenings, very nice.A very lengthy menu cast its spell of seduction upon us, and I tried the Chicken noodle soup (4.99 for a bowl, 3.75 for a cup) for a light starter.  Unfortunately, it was entirely too light!  The flavors were acceptable, and there were nice bits of shredded chicken, carrots, celery.  However, there was just too little of everything!  A decent sized bowl, but the contents I would guess is 10% solids and 90% broth.  It made a nice vehicle to dip the bread in as a moderately redeeming factor.As for my entree, I also ordered the Picadillo criollo, ground beef cooked in tomato sauce with olives, potatoes and raisins.  Bland, bland, bland, a case of disproportion.  A good sized-entree for lunch at 9.99, but all tomato sauce, and trace amounts of olives and raisins.  A very thin sauce once again.  I agree that the plantains were delicious, but the rice was pedestrian and the black beans were ridiculously watery, even more so than the beef 's sauce.With all that said, the only times I have spoken with a manager at a restaurant is if I was irate at the service AND the food.  You have to come here to feel it yourself, but its very welcoming, it's been here for 8 months, and I really want them to succeed!  In this case, I felt compelled to speak with the owner, who received my feedback as well as could be expected.  A little defensive when it came to the black beans, insisting that the watery nature is how it is served in Cuba (perhaps if you have food rations it makes sense to water down your food so much, but that really shouldn't apply here, and my two other Cuban restaurant experiences in AZ beg to differ), but accepting I wasn't happy and offering a 20% discount.  I appreciated the gesture, but told him it wasn't necessary, and that I'll appreciate more if the level of the food rises.  I do intend to return, and hope today was just a terrible, terrible first impression.  Still, because of the owner's reaction, I give this 2 stars for now, which I hope will rise next visit but fear will drop to 1.
4	We don't get a lot of Cuban places in the desert, but when we do it's always a treat.  Mimita's is my new favorite joint (of any kind).  First visit: we ordered the yuca fries as an appetizer.  I love these things.  Fried cassava is an excellent alternative to potatoes.  For an entree I had the legendary Cuban sandwich, and it was as good as I've had.  The pulled pork used in this sandwich, and presumably in other dishes, is citrus marinated and very juicy.  My mom had Camarones Enchilados: shrimp in a mild red sauce.  Very nice.  For our second visit, we started with the Papas Rellenas: balls of deep fried mashed potatoes stuffed with picadillo.  I loved the picadillo.  For entrees I had to have the Cuabn sandwich again (I promise to try something else next time) as did my Mom.  She enjoyed it very much.  I couldn't finish my sandwich this time and five hours later I had a delicious snack!  The service has always been prompt and gracious and quite tolerant of my rambunctious young'un.
5	Simply put. Best Cuban food in the east valley at a great price. Feels like I'm at home and my abui is cooking in the kitchen.
4	Coming from a Cuban family I was looking for authentic Cuban food and this is the place to go. The food is actually cooked by Cubans! Everything from the fried yucca to the tamales to the refreshing mamey drink, it's all good! The family owned restaurant is one I hope will stick around for a long time. The owner comes out to introduce herself which makes it feel personal and very family oriented. I've brought my family and friends many times and they've all enjoyed the food!
4	I found out about this place te last time I was in the Mesa AZ area over Christmas but didn't make it here, so I made sure to get in here this trip.  I had a hard time deciding what to get becasue it all looked so exotic and interesting. I ended up getting a #24 SANDWICH CUBANO(Slowly roasted pork, ham slices, Swiss cheese, pickle chips, and mustard, pressed and toasted  $8.95) with a side of  fried yucca wedges (included).  It was delicious.  I still don't know what fried Yucca is but they were so good I ate them all and was only able to finish half my sandwich.  I saved the rest till the next day for lunch and it was excellent then, too.  The meat could have been a little more tender, as I love me some tender pork, but the flavor was so good it made up for that.  Now I want to go back and maybe just get a bowl of the soup--(#13 POTAJE DE GARBANZOS Garbanzo beans simmered to perfection with our special seasonings, pork, potatoes, and Spanish chorizo. Served with rice. Cup  $3.75     Bowl  $4.99) so I will have room to enjoy some dessert (DULCE DE LECHE Traditional Cuban-style milk dessert slowly simmered with vanilla, cinnamon, and lime  $4.25)   The service was excellent also, even though the waitress said she had just started and had to ask the owner a couple of questions to be able to answer mine.  No less than three different people stopped by my table (and others) to see if everything was okay and if I needed anything.  Way to go!
5	My girlfriends and I go to a different restaurant in the EV every month, this was my pick, it was delicious! Though the center is a bit   lacking in appeal , the food absolutely makes up for it! Some tried the Cuban Sandwich, the Steak Sandwich, Chicken Sandwich, and I had the Cuban Shrimp in creole sauce with the rice & beans, just wonderful. Everything is flavorful & plentiful, and the staff is very nice, as well as the great Cuban music! Can't wait to go back.
5	I've now been here quite a few times, most recently last week for lunch with a coworker. This place is solid and consistent in every aspect. Great service, the food is amazing and tastes like "home" - every time. I love being on their mailing list, as they often send updates on off-menu specials, live music and more. Can't remember if it was May or July, but I know their one-year anniversary was recently. The first of many, I hope!
4	For the 14+ years I've lived here, Cuban food restaurant options have been few and far between and Mimita's is a good local option.  First, the recommendation to go to Mimita's came from the owner of the Carribean joint (Hot Pot) just up the street.  That was a plus without even stepping into Mimita's and that speaks volumes.Second, don't go to Mimita's for the atmosphere and decor.  The food blows the decor out of the water and if you're a picture, paintings, and statue type restaurant goer, please lower your expectations and go for the food.Third, service was good.  Those who are Cuban and/or create Cuban food, were busy cooking yet those serving the customer knew the menu well, inquired to any likes/dislikes, and made good suggestions.Lastly, the food represents traditional Cuban board...working man's food from tamales, sandwiches, to entrees that would be evening dinners and/or Sunday brunches.  The food has good flavor and Cuban soul.  It hasn't been played with, experimented, and/or given any southwest cuisine touches.  Suggestions:Take out - any of the sandwiches with yucca wedges (skip the fries)Dine in - Lechon Asado (#36) or Arroz con Pollo a la Chorrea (#45, worth the wait)Constructive criticism for Mimita's:  Need a little more light to read the menu...that's all.Enjoy the food and celebrate the growing culture in Maricopa County.
4	My youngest daughter and I stopped in here after spotting it as we were driving by with an eye peeled for something for dinner that was:1. Not fast-food.2. Not a chain.I consider Mimita's a find.  Service from our waiter Ty was very good.He answered many questions that my daughter had and helped ease her comfort level about Cuban food.We started with papas rellenas which are essentially big balls of mashed potato that are filled with creole ground beef, rolled in some light coating and fried.  So fried meat n' potatoes.  Tasty.Next we shared a sandwich, the pan con lechon.  It was pulled pork, sauteed onion and mayo in fresh bread.  Also quite tasty and large enough to share.We finished it off by sharing an order of dulce de leche.  Wow. It is not a very large dessert but the 2 of us could barely finish it, it was so rich.  Great caramel flavors with wholesome vanilla and cinnamon, perhaps a hint of rosewater or something else.Prices are good.  Our app, sandwich and dessert cam to about $20.
4	Wow, what a find!  The food, the drinks, the music are all excellent.  Wonderful mojitos with plentiful crushed mint ($4.50 during happy hour), generous portions, and a helpful wait staff.  The Bistec de Pollo, smothered in sauteed onions and green pepper, was tender enough to practically melt in my mouth.  The moros topped with sauteed garlic and oil was moist and tasty.  The flan for dessert--extra carmelly.  I think I'll be reviewing it all in my dreams.  Plus, the prices are extremely reasonable.
5	Yeah - a traditional Cuban restaurant.  Last night we went to Havana Cafe and had mediocre food at super high prices.  I was still craving Cuban Food and read about Mimita's on YELP.  We loved the Sandwich Cubano with Yucca Fries.  It was good food at reasonable prices, we'll be back.  For those that need "Gluten Free", many of the dishes are gluten free naturally (Ropa Vieja, etc.).  They will also fry up Tostones etc. in pan as they only have one fryer, so it works well for Celiacs.
1	The service was extremely pleasant, but the rest of the meal was terrible.My husband and I went for lunch today.  First we ordered a salad to share $3.50..which amounted to about 1/4 cup of lettuce with a slice of cucumber and a slice of tomato.Next I had the lunch special which was $5.99 which consisted of a very small cup of watery chicken soup and 1/2 cuban sandwich.  Both the soup and the sandwich were a big disappointment.My husband ordered some sort of over cooked meat dish.  It was watery and tasteless.  This came with black beans and rice.  I'm at a loss for words on how to describe them but, yuck.  His entree was $10.99 for lunch!The only thing good things was the flan and the cuban coffee.  My suggestion is to only go there for dessert!
4	4 stars for the greatest fullness my tummy feels just after finishing a sampler ($8.75) with the following items:2 (big) empanadas de carneCroquetas de jamon Mashed potato balls Mmmmm mmmm mmm.The tostones are usually hit or miss. I prefer mine with just the right balance of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. I think depending on how old their grease is it will vary the taste. Anyway. The bread. The butter.  OMG. Good.The bistec is just alright. But the Cuban sandwhich is good :)
2	Being Puerto Rican and not having ANYWHERE good to go eat our food, I was excited about this place. I heard they had a great, inexpensive lunch. My husband and I went for dinner and could not be more disappointed.First off, I have to say that Puerto Rican food and Cuban food is 98% identical, with the minor differences still crossing the cultures. I was sad to see that this restaurant did not have arroz con gandules- a staple side dish, but the owner said she was not taught to make it. The ropa vieja was bland and just basically looked and tasted like 3 pounds of shredded beef sitting like a mountain on my plate. The relleno de papa ( potato ball) was cold on the inside. The pastele was OK and my husband's bisteca was just alright.The atmosphere of the restaurant really needs a makeover. I am always sad to see Hispanic restaurants that look mediocre because it makes me feel like we can't do a good job at our appearance, and that's just not true. Being a Hispanic designer, I know that for certain!I realize that many non-Hispanics might find the food here fantastic, but for Latinos I feel it will miss the mark. I wish their business success, as the owner husband and wife are VERY nice people. I just hope the food and variety will improve.
4	Wish this place was a little closer to home. They have some really good Cuban Sandwiches. The customer service was really good too.
5	One word... AMAZING! Read a few reviews, craving Cuban and close to home we took a shot at Mimitas for lunch. Sat outside and had service within a minute, beers in hand within three. Ordered the house Cuban sandwich, wife ordered the pulled pork and grilled onions.  I make it a tradition when visiting NY to eat at Cuban cafes, hard to believe there's one in my back yard that's better. Five stars on service, portion size, quality and price. Do yourself a favor and make a visit, you'll thank me for it!
5	This was my first "trip" to Cuba and I really enjoyed the food. I will most likely never go to Cuba, but if I do, I know I will really enjoy the food. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was so good. The meal was hot and I have no complaints. Ty was a great host!  It was sad to see this place empty on a Friday night, hopefully they will stay in business.
5	My girlfriend has been wanting to try cuban food for a while, especially since she used to get cuban sandwiches in puerto rico and hasn't had a great one since.We started with the Tostones. She said they were perfect. I've never had them before and I thought they were great. Salty, crisp on the outside, soft but firm on the inside. We ate the whole plate, which was probably a bad idea because they are more filling than they look!She of course had the cuban sandwhich, with mariquitas on the side. She says the sandwhich very "yummy, deliciousy, and fantastic". Exactly how they make them at El Mason in Puerto Rico.I had the Pan Con Bistec, no mayo. They aren't lying on the menu when they say delicious steak. It was amazing. Oh and the plate was gigantic. I barely ate half of it and I'm having the rest for lunch tomorrow (unless I can't resist and eat it for dinner tonight!). Big slices of tomato, sauteed onions, fresh fluffy bread, just plain awesome. I regret that I got french fries on the side, they were good, but I tried my girlfriends mariquitas and they were so delicious, I wish I had gotten those instead. We were too full for dessert, but hopefully next time! We live in west phoenix and this place is totally worth the drive for us!!
4	Very good and authentic Cuban food! The Cuban sandwich is to die for,  also try the roast pork with Moros ... delicious!
4	Me and My wife ate here for lunch. It was good. I had the cuban and it did not hurt my wallet.  there are not many cuban places in town, so go to them while you can.
5	Best and most authentic Cuban food to be found. Had lunch here today with the family and enjoyed every bite of it. We moved here from Miami and we love Latin food in general, especially Cuban food. I suppose we might be an authority of some sort on Cuban cuisine. Ok, ordered a couple of different sandwiches, main dishes, and appetizers.  All very good and tasty. Keep in mind that there is no baseline recipe for Cuban dishes. Many variances as it is a very homestyle type of cooking so one Cuban restaurant will be different from another and most importantly no two are alike. The key thing in my opinion is that when you eat Cuban food it should be full of that delicious Caribbean flavor and flair and light up the taste buds in your mouth. Mimita's does exactly that.  The food is great, the service is attentive and friendly, and the owner's take tremendous pride in their food and customer opinion. The owner actually came out and spoke with us, inquired if we were happy, and even shared some of her restaurant experiences and history. We drove from North Scottsdale to eat here and it was worth every minute of the drive. We will be back here for sure and recommend that you try it for great quality, flavorful, quality family style Cuban food. Buen provecho amigos!!!
4	Nestled in one of the most unassuming corners, this is easily some of the best Cuban food I've ever had! The mojitos are beyond amazing and the desserts mouth-watering. You must certainly not leave without ordering from the dessert menu either. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful!
4	Service was excellent.  Our waitress answered all our questions and was very helpful to explain all the dishes and gave great recommendations.I had the Imperial Chicken and Rice dish.  It was delicious.  Our 6-year old daughter had the pork and ham sandwich on a sweet roll - she ate every bite.  The sweet plantain chips were addicting!My husband ordered the pulled pork with rice and black beans and tostones.  It  was very flavorful and lean.We are planning a trip back to try the paella.  They said you can call ahead and order it since it takes 2 hours to prepare.It was clean inside and had ethnic music on - not too loud.  Just right :)
5	Umm...... Yes. If you are looking at these reviews trying to decide if you should go there, yes.As long as you like interesting cuisines and you aren't afraid to try something new, this place is great! Everything I had was delicious but the best part was that it was so many delicious flavors all put into a dish, making it beyond delicious. I recommend the fried yucca as an appetizer, it is so interesting and unique, yet slightly similar to potatoes.Put Mimita's on your list and make sure to try them soon, it's a great place.
3	Had to downgrade as of the last time I went this week. What I loved about Mimita's was it's sampler item as seen in my previous review. HOWEVER, that's all changed. the menu is different now and you can't get that kind of value anymore and the guava empanadas are now in the desert menu, which makes sense, but there are no substitutions anymore. Boooooo. The only way this place will ever restore my faithfulness is if they opened it up with a salsa night. They have a huge floor (perfect for dancing), plenty of seating, it's a prime location, and they serve alcohol. Check. check. check. and check. A totally untapped resource.
4	I happened to be in the area and found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out for lunch. I got shredded chicken with rice, black beans, plantains, and it came with some sliced, pressed bread. The bread came out first, hot and delicious. I couldn't help myself and ate one of the four pieces before my food came out. The chicken was a little watery, but delicious. My favorite part of the whole meal were the plantains. OMG! Smashing the plantain with some rice and chicken was a little party in my mouth.My only complaint is that the portions were large, and the price of the meal ($10 without a drink) was a tad high for lunchtime. I drive around a lot for work and can't take leftovers because they'll go bad and hate the idea of wasting that much food and money. Please consider smaller portions and lower lunch prices!
1	Went here because of previous reviews, which I now realize were about the the lunch menu ( sandwiches). We ordered entrees and to put it nicely the 3 entrees were almost inedible. Pork Chops were very thin and extremely dry, as if they had been fried earlier, then heated up. The fried Tilapia was also very dry and the breading was of the commercial frozen kind. Rice was also dry, as if reheated. The tostones were tasteless, We also found it odd that the restaurant had absolutely no smell of food cooking, which served to validate that our entrees weren't made fresh!
4	a friend and i went to mimita's a week ago for dinner.  it was only my 2nd time partaking in cuban fare, so my taste buds are still experiencing the newness of that region's palette.  we started off with the ejemplar de mimita's sampler (#108 on the menu).  wow.  it alone almost filled us up.  everything on the sampler was practically addicting.i ordered the picadillo criolle (#302).  it was a bit salty, thanks to the olives it was a bit salty for my taste.  other than that it was a great dish.  i liked the slight sweetness the raisins brought to the tomato sauce.the prices are reasonable and you get more than your share of food.  i am definitely going there again.  the staff was really friendly and willing to answer any questions we had about the food.
4	Nice little Mom & Pop Cuban restaurant. Ordered the Medianoche sandwich. Very tasty. Tres Leches was okay.
4	Good, fresh food.    Large portions.     Reasonably priced.    Great sweet plantains.     Loved every bite.
4	Great big Tostones, very nice hot sauce and mojo! Everyone at my table (two who had never had Cuban food) all cleaned their plates :)
4	I went here for lunch today and the food was very good. I had a cuban sandwich that was very tasty (the pork is very lean and juicy). The plantain chips are very good, and the tres leches dessert I had after was super yummy. I will definitely be back.
4	Really good food.  I found this place on google one day while driving around.  I am one of those people that would rather eat at a hole in the wall places with excellent food than chainy restaurants.  I've visited here about 2 times now.  The food is pretty good, and the dining room is very big.  However, personally, I don't like the service as much.  The seem friendly enough but I am puerto rican and cuban and love people to be overly excited to see you there and want to know more about you.  They are not that type.  They just serve you, ask if you food is good and that's it.  I will probably return because the food is good.
4	Went here (along with the other Monica) for the Yelp International Supper Club and had a great time.  I love Cuban food but I must say I have never been so well educated in it as I was on Thursday night due to some experienced dining companions and the helpful server we had waiting on us.  We also got a large sampling of appetizers to try so that was a lot of fun.Most of the apps were too much fried starch for me but the empanadas are something I would definitely order again.  I also really liked the tamal even though the Cuban version is totally different from the Mexican ones I am used to.  I ordered the Ropa Vieja for my entree since that is a classic Cuban dish.  This one did not disappoint.  There was so much flavor!  It came with a lot of rice and there was way too much food on the plate for me to finish but I think without the apps and bread it would have been a good portion size.  The sweet plantains were cooked perfectly and very tasty as well. Too much food to order dessert but I look forward to giving the flan a try next time.  Also, I skipped on the alcohol on this evening in trying to keep the calories down but after reading the other reviews I will definitely be trying the mojitos next time!Another successful supper club event. (Other than Jamie stealing my food ;0) ... I am looking forward to Ethiopian next month!
3	leave it up to a friend whom doesn't live here to take me to a new restaurant. we never come to chandler, so when i stopped to see a friend off before he left town, i was greeted with, "damn man, i'm hungry. you want some plantains?" Sure i said.i had already eaten so wasn't too hungry. he ordered the green plantains which are a mashed and then deep fried. served with a garlicy, buttery sauce, they are not the sweet plantains. i liked them, but i thought they needed a little more salt. he ordered the shrimp dish and judging by the way he wolfed it down, it must have been good. it came with a side of the sweet plantains which i like much better. i ordered a black bean soup just to be courteous and it was seasoned very well. our service was ok, and she passed the water glass test. there aren't many filling vegan/vegetarian options, but if you're a meat eater, you'll probably find this place much to your liking.
3	As a born-again Arizonian (I used to live here and i'm back), I decided to slowly get to know the Yelp crew here by attending one of their Intentional Supper Clubs. I will 100% bluntly say that doing reviews for businesses you try BECAUSE OF Yelp is the hardest thing ever: you have to remind yourself to separate your amical Yelper experience from the food/service business itself, and trust that people will understand what you are saying... But I will point out quickly that I had a fabulous time meeting the attendees and getting to know Gabi (our head yelper)  as well as I appreciate the free goodies and lovely conversations.Alright, on with the food.I was fortunate enough to try all 8 appetizers and my order of steak sandwich and fried yuca. To cut things nice and shor(er than usual), I'll tell you the best and the worst. The yuca fries are nice and crispy, the cuban bread is absolutely delicious (soft, warm and sweeeeet) and the plantain chips are pretty well executed. The papa rellena (stuffed potato) was lacking a little stuffing but the potato mash was nice and soft- could have been fried a tad more. The croquetas were not great, soft and warm but it lacked crispiness outside and cheesiness inside. The tostones were not traditional- they were pancake flat instead of being made with a tostonera which resulted in a drier and harder dish than its original counterpart. The empanada had the same stuffing as the papa rellena and was a tad oily (as its fried instead of baked) but good overall flavor and quality. The steak sandwich (with yuca fries) was overwhelmingly large and a great value at $9.50 for dinner. The steak was not a bisteck laid on bread with veggies- it was flat meat cut up into 1/2" squares and layered together, not what i was expecting. When put together with string fries, mayo, lettuce, tomato and grilled onions I did think the whole sandwich had decent flavor and the yuca fries were a great accompaniment.As all the ladies agreed, the price was right and the flavors were decent. Our waitress Kelly did a great job and keeping up with a large group and the owner was courteous at stopping by to say hello and thanking us for our business- always a great thing to see. Although it is not a spot I am dying to bring people over to, it seems to have a decent vibe and since the music was good- who knows? Maybe its a decent party spot, cuban style.I'll let you scope it out and let me know what you think. :)
4	Yes... you can indeed find Cuban food in Arizona; you just have to search for it!  Or join Yelp AZ's International Supper Club - we meet on most third Thursdays of the month and this past week, we met at Mimita's.Standout appetizers for me were the yuca frita and the papas rellenas.  I also had a small "ensalada de tomate y aguacate" (tomato and avocado salad) and went with the "filete de pescado al ajo" (fish fillet sauteed in butter and lots of garlic) for my entree.  Yes, it was a ton of food since the entree also came with rice, beans, and perfectly cooked sweet plantains, but everything was really delicious.  I washed it all down with Mimita's mango iced tea. Warning - the tea is tasty but sweet!Kelly was our server and she was wonderful.  She's got a fabulous Venezuelan accent!  Prices are moderate and portions are healthy.  The restaurant is kid-friendly too... I did bring the baby, but if you're going to do so, note that there is no changing station in the bathroom. Last note: the garlic sauces and dishes are really garlic-y, so be forewarned!
4	Now if you have not had a chance to join in on a Yelp International Supper Club (ISC) you must!  Not only is it a great way to meet other fellow foodie Yelpers but you get to share and  try a variety of foods within the month's selected cuisine. Mimita's took me back to my culinary explorations of Little Havana in Miami/South Beach.  Many of the traditional favorites are on the menu.  I was planning on making a meal out of the apps, which are also traditional post club fare at 6am-ish when wandering home from a night out in SoBe house music still buzzing in your ears....  Yucca frita, papa rellena, croquetas de jamon, empanadas...*back to reality*....when the ISC decided to share all the apps I went ahead and ordered an entre with arroz amarillo ( yellow rice).  The pork was tender, seasoned well (more cumin than I am used to but the grilled onions were wonderful).  The yellow rice texture was perfect all be it a bit bland alone but when taken with a bite of pork and onions it accompanied the dish well.  I also like to pour over the dipping sauces provided with the apps to enhance the flavor of the rice too.  For my drink I had to keep it traditional (common to Cuba and Puerto Rico) I had Malta. A malt flavored soda (lightly sweet with a flavor like molasses or dark Karo syrup).  It reminded me of summer cookouts, hot  humid afternoon/evenings with a refreshing Malta. *sigh* I am a sucker for papa rellena so I ordered some To-Go for lunch the next day.  I do wish they had more seasoning and green olives in the meat filling but they were still just what I needed.   The croquetas were so tasty, I have always prefered Cuban croquetas to the Spanish croquetas anyday (even though they are pretty similar, croquetas Cubanos tienen mas sabor).There are already plans to get a few of my friends out to try it with me.  [Maybe I will make it a UYE and invite you to join us. The more the merrier!]
4	Fantastic. As a Miami (Florida!) born Cuban, I know Cuban food and this is Cuban food. I've tried Havana Cafe and wasn't a fan. Mimita's definitely my speed, and the service is fantastic. On more than one occassion I've rolled into here and had an opportunity to try everything but the tried and true favorite would be the Cuban Sandwich. Don't wait, get there and try it. You won't regret it.
3	I've tried Cuban food before and I like it but on this occasion it was not that great. :/ I've been wanting to try this place forever and finally I got the chance to go there tonight with my family. The place was very cute. Plenty of seating and family friendly. The staff was super duper nice. Coming around frequently asking how we were doing. We ordered the Mimita Appetizer Sampler, Lechon Asado and sandwich Cubano. I was so excited to get my dishes but they were a bit disappointing. The tostones were plain and dry. I felt like I needed something to dip them in. The yucca was pretty good and I'm not a big yucca fan. The croquetas de jamon were not at all what I expected, I thought this was going to be my favorite but not at all. The papa rellelena was so dry and the meat inside didn't really have any flavor. The Lechon Asado had pork which was a little on the dry side and I got yellow rice with it which was old and dry. You can tell it was reheated which was just the worst. I had to swallow the food several times with water for it to go down smoothly and all the way. My mom got the sandwich Cubano and it kind of tasted like a ham and pork melt. It was pretty good tasting but it wasn't enough to make us come back to this place. I was really excited for this place but I'm 95% sure I won't be coming back. The search continues for another Cuban restaurant.
4	Stumbled upon this wonderful place as a new tourist to the area.  It's been 25 years since I worked in Little Havana, but the music, murals, and food were all I could ask for.  Pineapple soft drink, Oxtails, plantains, rice & beans, coffee.  I regret I had to pass on dessert, chose Cuban demitasse coffee instead.  Coffee was okay, not as strong as I was expecting.Oh, one other regret:  the night before I flew home, I wanted to revisit the place for its ceviche.  Apparently they and other restaurants close early (8:00) on Mondays.
2	I lived in Miami for a large portion of my life and grew up eating Cuban food at home (being as my family is Cuban), and was really excited to find a Cuban restaurant in Arizona.  However, I was not as thrilled after trying the place.  We had the croquetas de jamon and fried yuca for appetizer.  Neither one met expectations and were not traditional.  The croquetas had a good filling, but the outside was not traditional and had no flavor.  The fried yuca had so much garlic it covered the taste of the yuca (which if you haven't had before is very mild).  We had picadillo and the ropa vieja for our main meals.  The ropa vieja was great, but the picadillo was very soupy and you could barely tell the texture of the meat (a little odd).  Last, they food takes forever!  Cuban food isn't exactly something that you whip up in five minutes, but it should come with a warning because after appetizers we ran out of conversation we were waiting so long.  If you've never had Cuban food before you might love this place, but if you grew up eating it like I did, you'll still be missing home.
3	Good service and our waiter was super nice and helpful with suggesting items because it was our first time having Cuban food. Everything was good, but not great. I did love the garlic rice though. I couldn't stop eating it.
5	Simply fantastic !!We stopped in and ordered some food to go and the menu was somewhat overwhelming at first with all the choices.  Sat night is oxtail special night so my dear lova went crazy for that and got two orders and i tried the pulled pork. We ordered all three of the rice's as well since we couldn't make up our minds and we loveeee rice and beans :)Everything was great..from the meat quality, to the different rice's to the different plantains.We will Definitely be back
5	I will write a more detailed review later on if I ever try something other than the Cuban sandwich, but it is so good I have flashbacks to when I lived in Florida and had the real deal Cuban food there.  I always get the Cuban and the sweet fried plantains, which are totally addictive.  Oh, and an ice cold Negra Modelo.  As I was leaving the last time I heard another customer say, "That was the best mojito I've ever had!"  so I know what I'm trying the next time I go back.   I'll really try to branch out from the Cuban sandwich, but the bread is perfect, the pork is fall-apart tender & flavorful, the ham is tasty and moist, and the blend with mustard and pickles is the way it should be.  Perfection.I need to learn the name of the regular server I have too.  She is always friendly and funny.  We have been about a half dozen times, and have never been disappointed.
3	*Disclaimer* This was my first time eating Cuban food so I can't testify to the authenticity of Mimita's. First off, the restaurant itself. Meh. It's certainly not fancy. The decor is tacky. There was some wall repairs going on and chair rails missing from the walls and there was a certain musty smell to the place. But it's forgivable because it's not a chain and I doubt it ever gets busy and I would prefer a restaurant spend money on quality ingredients than decor.My husband had a Cuban a few weeks ago at the Cheesecake Factory and loved it, so began the quest of finding and eating a true Cuban sandwich. There aren't a ton of Cuban restaurants in the east valley so Mimitas was really the only choice. Hubby ordered the Cuban sandwich and I ordered the Pan con Lechon sandwich and we split the Papas de Rellanos as an appetizer. The appetizer sucked. It didn't taste fresh, had zero seasoning and was dry as could be. Not a good way to start the meal. I kept telling my husband it needed sauce, desperately. It didn't taste bad, it just didn't taste at all. Next came the sandwiches. My husband really enjoyed his Cubano. I had a bite and it was ok. Can you really mess up a Cuban sandwich? Seems difficult to do. My Pan de Lechon was just a shredded pork, grilled onion and mayo on a roll. Score points for the roll (seemed very fresh) and the pork (because it was lean and tender). The onions were scarce and I loooooove me some grilled onions. I don't think there's such thing as too many. This sandwich had maybe 5 little pieces of onion. Boooo! And the mayonnaise.... it had no business on the sandwich. It actually overwhelmed the flavors and there wasn't very much on it. But the rest of the sandwich was SO bland, that I couldn't taste much else. And the Yuca Fritas I had with my sandwich were not seasoned. Not even a pinch of salt on those puppies! And what do you dip them in? We were offered ketchup. I didn't want ketchup.... I wanted whatever sauce Cubans use! IF I went back, and that's a huge if.... I would possibly order the same sandwich minus the mayo and add extra onions. Maybe bring my own BBQ sauce? Is Cuban food supposed to be bland? Mimitas is. I think the search will have to continue for good Cuban food cause I didn't find it here.
3	The new Phoenix Magazine came in yesterday and lo and behold, Turkish Kitchen was featured under "Best New Restaurants." My wife and I had been missing Turkish food ever sinse Efes closed down, and had been meaning to try this since reading about it in the AZ Republic a couple of weeks ago. So, off we go. They were out of business. Can you believe it? They shut down right before being featured in Phoenix Magazine. So sad. I want to mention this because we spent a good amount of time wanding the strip mall looking for it. Not only is it closed, another business is moving into the same spot and they have already decorated the windows and doors so you would never know Turkish Kitchen had been there. But this is a review for Mimita's, so let me get to it. So, despite our disappointment, all was not lost. Next door was another place we had been wanting to try--Mimita's Cuban Cafe. The Cuban place near our house in Tempe closed down. The Havana Cafe location in Ahwatukee closed down. So this is the next closest thing. Problem is, the food was just not as good, at least not this time. Nothing was bad, everything was good, just not AS good as some of the other Cuban we have had. We shared the appetized sampler ($8.49). My wife, having eaten just a little earlier, had the Ceviche de Camaron ($8.99) and I had the Ropa Vieja ($13.99). Carol loved the ceviche. The appetizer platter was a mixed bag--some of the plantains were seriously over-salted, but otherwise it was good. The Ropa Vieja was decent, but not as good as some I have had in the past. Service was good, but not super great. There was only one woman working and she was also tending bar, so this slowed things down a little at time. Not bad at all though, and friendly, which is the main thing. A little over-priced too, I think. In all, I like it. I want to return again and try something else on the menu. Cuban restaurants are not real common here, so I want to support the place as much as possible. Still, too bad about Turkish kitchen. That's two tries and two fails for Turkish restaurants in the Valley.
2	Pretty empty on the night we went there. Note I've never had cuban food before.The bread they provided was delicious, but oh so bad for you. butter brushed on both sides and lightly pressed in a panini press.We ordered the appetizer combo and something called Arroz Imperial (sp).The appetizers were mostly forgettable. The exception would be the yucca fries yum. Wouldn't recommend this combo though since everything was deep fried and so greasy especially after having the bread.The Arroz imperial was yellow rice with shredded chicken, bacon, and peas baked with cheese on top. Really tasty. Wish it was in a bowl though, and the cheese made it difficult to eat. Also wish it was a slightly bigger portion, but it was in line for what I expect at this price point (~$13)Salad was included with it and was basically chopped lettuce with raw onion and tomatoes and your choice of dressing. Pretty meh to me.If I ever was in the area I'd probably stop by and try one of their sandwiches though just based on the bread they served in the beginning. That an it includes the delish yucca fires.
1	After reading the "wonderful" reviews we decided to go to Mimitas....and what a mistake!!!  We were, for the most part, the only two people in the so called cafe and had three different waitresses that could not answer our questions about the menu.  We ordered the pescado con ajo and that was a HUGE mistake.  The fish was covered with a layer of chopped garlic that we actually had to scoop to one side only to reveal a grey meat looking piece  of fish.  It just didn't look or taste right.  Their  Cuban rice was a couple of days old and out of a box and their sweet plantain was mushy and overcooked.  The waitress, kindly, took our hardly touched fish plate back to the kitchen and apologized for the food they had just served us.  We also got the all-to-sad-taste-the-same sampler.  The potato ball was dry and flavorless, the tostones were chewy, and the yuca and plantain just tasted like paper.  Since that day and for five days, we have been having stomach ache, cramps, and making all kind of "noises".  Obviously, we will not be going back.
4	Had the ropa vieja.  Very good.  Rice and beans good but not remarkable.Had the cuban sandwich.  Very good, just as good as leftovers.
5	Highly recommend. This is my second time here and I see #3 on the way.I've had the (bistec encebollado & arroz imperial with shrimp "no melted cheese") I do recommend both plates. Next time I will try (ropa vieja)Great service! Ask for Kelly.
2	Ever go on a first date and get all starry eyed and think, "This could be it! This could be The One!" and then it goes downhill from there and you can barely remember why you thought the person was so wonderful? That's my experience with Mimita's.First impression: Cute and clean; a good start. So many ethnic joints are plagued with decades-old spills on the carpet and dingy walls. This one, while it will win no design prize, at least got a little gussied up. I could like this, I told myself.We started with the sampler plate, and my first bite of beef empanada was bliss. I declared, "I could eat ten of these!," and I should have. I should not have ingested the grease-soaked, salt-coated plantain chips. Nor should I have indulged in the deep fried yucca. Or any of the other fried bites. Ever the optimist, I thought things would improve. I dug into the Cubano with reckless abandon. I really wanted this to be A Great Sandwich, but instead, I felt I could do better with my panini maker at home. The meat was chewy, the bread was insignificant and the mustard was overwhelming. Whether summing up a date or a meal, it's never a good sign when you say, "I can do this better by myself at home."I hate to compare Mimita's to a former love, but there's no avoiding it. The ropa vieja, a favorite specialty of mine, was a letdown: Havana Cafe's is far superior.All that said, I still would have given three stars if it weren't for how I felt later that day. A bad bout of in-di-GEST-ion crept up, with the fried sampler plate plaguing me throughout the evening. Stop calling me!, I wanted to say; I don't want to go out again! Mimita's will not get a second chance, sorry to say.
3	I had the Potato Balls, they were larger than i expected (i'm used to the likes of Portos) but i was not discouraged from attempting to take them in all at once, alas i failed.. but i was a happy camper.
5	The Ox Tail on Saturday is AWESOME.  It is my favorite time to go because they only have it on Saturday.  The bread is soooo delicious too.  On other days of the week, a shrimp dish is the way to go.  Great place....unique
4	They delivered hot bread to the table and it was gone in a matter of seconds! It was sweet and delicious. Then I had the tomato, guacamole, and onion salad drizzled with olive oil. Another hit at our table. We also had some potato balls, they were good but nothing to write home about. For entrees, we had garlic tilapia and a Cuban sandwich. Both were delicious!
5	My first time eating Cuban food. Mimita's was awesome! I had the shredded beef dish, my wife had the shredded chicken dish. We will be back for more!
1	Bad bad bad
4	Very good authentic Cuban food. Wish the place was a bit busier as I would like to see them succeed. We had a marvelous meal and the waitress was very helpful. We will go back as it is on our minds constantly.
2	The only reason why I didn't give this worse was because the food was decent.  It did taste good and I seriously wanted to write a wonderful review for this restaurant, but the service was really awful.  And, service is really important to both my husband and I.There was one customer when we got there just before 2 pm and he was eating, but he left shortly after we got there.  The food came at a decent pace, which I can't remember what we ordered except one was a shredded beef thing with veggies, rice, some sweet plantains and some black beans.  My husband ordered the chicken version and he liked that.  They were both off the lunch portion of the menu.The beef could've been a little more tender, but since I've never had Cuban food, I wasn't quite sure what this dish is supposed to taste like.  My husband is Colombian and he normally likes beef a lot, but for this, he didn't have much of the beef and ate the chicken, which is what he ordered.The black beans were good.  The rice was ordinary.  What I really liked was the bread, which was like miniature French bread with loads of butter grilled.  Yum.  They said it was like a Cuban bread.  I don't know.The original waitress we had was fine.  She seemed friendly and tried to be helpful, but she left shortly after we asked her a couple questions and then we got another waitress who really wasn't that great.I did have to ask her to refill my water.  She never came and refilled my husband's $1.99 coke.  We are used to Carl Jr's monster Coke for $0.75 and if we are in the restaurant, free refills.  She did ask if we wanted more bread, so that was a plus.I don't recall her smiling.  She acted like we were an inconvenience to her.  We were the only customers most of the time we were there.  I did tell the waitress in advanced that we had a mobile Entertainment coupon and she seemed indignant and said alright, but when it came time to pay, she didn't let us use it and asked if we had a wireless printer.  Who carries a printer with them?  So she then said that she would see if they had a wireless printer to print out the coupon.  She came back and said they did not.There were 2 coupons for Mamita on the mobile Entertainment.  The other was 20% off.  That became such a hassle and as we just wanted to pay and leave to make it to our appointment, she told us she could not honor the coupon without us buying at least $25 worth of food.  The coupon did not say that, so they added that to the condition of the coupon.My husband said let's not use any coupons and pay for the $22 that we ordered ($9.95 for each meal and $1.99 for the Coke).  Of course, we would've not chosen this restaurant had we not had any coupons and it was the principle of it.  She asked if we wanted any dessert.  I really didn't want any dessert, so I ended up ordering another dish that was a sandwich.It's like I had to pull tooth and nail to get anything done.  The waitress was seriously not busy.If you want to save a little money and use any coupons, remember that they may not honor them even if you tell them ahead before you order anything and they could change the terms and conditions on the coupon when you pay.  And, you could receive crappy, non-smiling service, like you are bothering them.  With such bad service, maybe a lot of people love the food and don't care about the service.  I was really, really hoping this would be a place we could come to regularly because the restaurant decor is really cute, happy place, and nicely clean.Oh, another thing, the women's restroom was locked and they wouldn't open it.  So, I ended up having to go to another place to use the restroom.  How inconvenient!If I'd never experienced great Latin food with amazing service, I would think that all Latin restaurants were like this.  Thankfully there are other great Latin restaurants, though not Cuban, we can go.  We totally love My Arepa as we've received not only really delicious food there, but great service.  We have been there a couple times and will continue to go there because we are treated well.So, even if a place has good food, but if the food is lousy, we won't return.  We give good and bad publicity about restaurants and places we go to.  Oh, we were also late to our appointment which we ended up having to cancel because of the slowness of things.
5	Authentic Cuban food in the desert!!! I lived in Florida for 3 years and one of the few things I miss is Cuban food, and Mimita's has it.  The owners are from Florida and are using their family recipes.  The stores is even named after what the family called one of the grandmothers, "Mimita'.  Love, love LOVE this place :)
4	Delicious! Super authentic & friendly service. I recommend the Ropa Vieja!
3	I give 3.5-star. I like it represents a force of ethnic food, even though I cannot comment on how authentic it is. Food was alright, and a bit more expensive than I expected. Got an appetizer sample and everything was deep-fried and tasted the same (i.e. salty). The entrees were okey, and didn't blow our minds -- husband got a pork dish and I got spicy shrimps.  Service was passable. It was bizarrely empty when we dined in on a Friday night. Hope it will stay around.
4	I didn't check yelp on this restaurant because I thought the reviews may be mixed and THEY SOOO ARE!!! Geeeez!  Anyway, a friend and I ate there the other day.  I thought the food was pretty good.  The waitress was super friendly and smiled a lot.  A real sweety-pie.  Service is super important to me and they delivered for sure on friendliness.  I had yellow rice and the garlic smothered fish with fried sweet plaintain and the stewed/boiled yucca, which I loved.  My friend had the toscenos - unrippened fried plaintain with beefsteak.  We thought the food was pretty good.  We'll eat there again.  A little pricey, but still good.Only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because there was an electrical odor when we walked in.  That's my only ding.
4	Had a wonderful family dinner. Anything on the menu is a winner. Service is great. Family owned restaurant.
5	Great food. Great service. The cubano is awesome
4	Service: 4/5 Staff VERY friendly and accommodating throughout the meal. You can tell that it's family owned and they care. Gave it a 4/5 because service a little slowFood: 4/5 HUGE portions. They don't skimp on portion size here. Plantains were awesome I forget the name of the dish I ordered but my husband got ropa vieja and my mom got some pork dish. All very good. 4/5 because pork and beef was a little dry. All in all great place will definitely go again.
5	We've been going here from time to time for about 2 years. I LOVE this place. Small restaurant, but comfortable. There are always people there, but it's never "packed". It's tucked away into a plaza, maybe that's how we always get a table. I like the ropa vieja (shreaded beef) dish with tostonis, my boyfriend is dying to try the paella & the ox tail, but his current front runner is the camarones enchiladas (shrimp) with plantinos. I also order the beef empinadas to start & the bread they give you is amazing! He's gotten the sangria & mojitos and they are super well made! The service is always friendly & they are really helpful with the menu if you have any questions. All I can say is that I can be picky & I love it, so definitely give it a try!
5	I've been here many times and its one of my wife's favorite restaurants. It's surprising that not more people know about this place.
5	We are always impressed with our meals at Mimitas. I have tried several things on the menu, but always migrate back to the Medianoche sandwich! All sandwiches come with classic Cuban sides including yuca frita or margaritas! Both are delicious. Highly recommended hidden gem.
4	First time visit- many props for a very clean and clutter-free restaurant.The menu seemed really quite extensive, but I had in mind exactly what I wanted to try: the Sandwich Cubano.  I ordered mine with mariquitas.  My friend ordered the Cubano with the Yuca Frita- it was my first time trying ANY of these things...  I liked the yuca better than the mariquitas... nothing wrong with them (and it isn't like I would know if there was or wasn't as I've never had Cuban food before!), just my personal preference for next time.My friend, however, has not only a wealth of experience with Cuban cuisine, but has been to this particular restaurant before.  She was a fountain of knowledge, and I was glad for her guidance.  She ordered a little side dish of "mojo" which was $0.75, so definitely cheap enough and she recommended it highly.  It is some sort of oil with chunky, sauteed onion/garlic in it, served warm.  I dipped my sandwich and mariquitas in it sparingly, and it was very savory.  I now need a breath mint like nobody's business.I ordered a drink called Jupina, which is a carbonated pineapple beverage.  It was served in a can with a glass of ice, and it was very enjoyable.I have zero complaints about the food or service, which was deferential and polite, but I will say that trying to squeeze it into our lunch hour was challenging, and neither of us made it back to work on time.  Certainly the freshly-prepared food was worth the wait, but anyone going for lunch should know that it's not the fastest place - but if you want fast you go to Jimmy John's, eh?Next time I will just let our server know we are on a time crunch and I am betting, based on how nice they were, that they'll be able to help us out!  We are planning on a return visit in two weeks, and I'd definitely give a 5-star review if we can get in and out in under 1 hr and 15 mins.
2	This was a very disappointing experience.  We had read the reviews and saw this restaurant reviewed elsewhere. Unfortunately, the server did not know the menu and had to go and ask someone any questions we had.  We are transplants from Miami, living here now 5 years.  My husband loves a Cuban Sandwich and thought this would be the place to go.  He said it was "ok".  We both had the black bean soup, which had a very strange taste, which we couldn't quite figure out what it was.  That was a disappointment. I ordered a breaded chicken breast sandwich.  It was huge, but when I did some digging, it was a very small piece of chicken mounded high with lettuce and tomatoes. I attempted to cut into the chicken, which was a struggle, and my fork actually bent in half, and that was the end of my meal!  Sorry to say, I can't understand the good reviews.
1	Can't review the food because we were never able to eat. On Saturday 2/8 we were quoted 20-30 minutes with the caveat that they were short-staffed. No big deal, we waited. A few parties were seated while more left; at least half of the tables in the restaurant were empty. An hour later they finally told us we were next. That's when I realized that of all of the people who had been seated while we waited, NONE of them had any food on their tables! We checked to see how long it would take to actually get food, and they said another HOUR after we were seated. So we left.Just a fair warning to anyone who's planning a visit and doesn't want to spend their whole evening at the restaurant.
3	Have wanted to eat here for months, finally made it in. Smelled fantastic when we entered. Was not too busy, but service was slow, appeared to be under-staffed.I've not eaten Cuban food for many years, my husband, never. I ordered Arroz Imperial, which was a deliciously flavorful dish, a decent-sized portion, ordered the mix with 1/2 chicken 1/2 shrimp, took 1/2 the meal home. Forgot how tasty fried sweet plantains are--came with meal. My husband had a Cuban steak, which was much like a chicken-fried steak. Quite large, was just okay, too bland, no special & expected Cuban flavor. The side he chose was red beans & rice--VERY good! His meal came with tostones, another type of plantain, thin & crispy! I'm pretty sure I could only eat about 10 of those in one sitting! Yumtastic! He took 1/2 his meal home, too. No room for dessert, will try the highly touted flan someday. Staff quite friendly & helpful with suggestions. Owner stopped by our table with her baby to check on us.We'll definitely return. Had to give 3 stars due to slow service. Was pricy, but will still return.
1	We ate at this restaurant recently. We were very excited for Cuban food. My wife ordered the Mimita's Minuta or breaded tilapia sandwich. The fish was very old and disgusting. The waitress was very nice and brought her a Tamal Cubano instead. Unfortunately it had all the flavor and consistency of microwaved cheese food. I had the cubano sandwich. The pork too dry and flavorless. Also, the carpeting and booths seemed to be the same as when this location was Rosalee's Italian restaurant over 10 years ago. I will never eat here again.
4	Though I have not gone back to Mamitas, we may some time this year.  Their food was good and maybe the service of those couple people were not good.  When I provided feedback on FB that wasn't good, they didn't delete it and addressed it properly, apologizing and tried to make good on it.So, I upped my 2 star to a 4 star.However, if you have coupons, you should make sure before you go there that they will honor it completely, and even when you get there, that they will and exactly what that is.It seems their FB page isn't working right now, but I appreciated the owner trying to make this right.
4	This was my first time eating Cuban food. The cafe has a nice laid back feel to it and the service as friendly and food was great. I will be back for more!!
4	Yummy Cuban food.  We always have leftovers.  The Cuban sandwich is always a favorite and the tostones are a must. Make sure to ask to try both styles of mojo sauce. The waitress was nice to my daughter, but took a little reminding for certain requests even though the place was almost empty when we went.
5	I wasn't sure about this place at first but it was yummy. The prices were decent and they had a steady steam of people coming in. I for sure will be going back there.
5	Finally found a great cuban restaurant in the valley. Drove by thousand times and decided to give it a try with a special coupon. Surprisingly it's really authentic cuban food. The place is bigger than it look from outside and the waitress were very nice and friendly. The owner also came to say hi and ask if there is anything to improve. Had wonderful lunch experience at the place. Will come back again.
5	Such a cute little spot in an unassuming shopping center. Have been meaning to stop for a while now and I finally did and was not disappointed. Though I read such great reviews about the Cuban sandwich and I love Cuban sandwiches, I tried to steer clear and try something different. I ordered the camerones enchilados which was grilled shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce. The sauce was very garlicky and had lots of fresh flavors. On the side was a mixture of rice and black beans topped with fresh garlic (yum!) and sweet plantains (favorite part of the meal! Every entree comes with grilled bread topped with "real sweet cream butter". This was a great addition to the meal and I ate far too much! For dessert got the homemade rice pudding which was topped with ground cinnamon. Some of the best rice pudding that I've ever had. The staff was also unbelievably attentive and kind. At the end asked if anything could be done differently or better "because their number one priority is their guests."  Would definitely recommend this place and would like to return and try something new.
4	I had enjoyed lots of Cuban food being from Fl. Mimita's was just like home. Excellent cafe con leche. The empanadas were delicious along with the Cuban sandwich. I also had a chicken and rice type entree, unfortunately I don't recall the name but it's one of their signature items. I was impressed and will be back.
5	This is our 3rd trip but first review. All 3 have been great. They u.s. pulled pork on the Cubano sandwich on freshly grilled bread. a great meal with the addition of tasty black bean soup for only another $1.25 with a sandwich. I got the lechon asada which is a slow roasted pork with rice and black beans and the smashed and fried plantains.  Very good but add the house mojo sauce.
5	My grandma took me here for lunch one day and it was really good. I ordered empanadas and she had a sampler plate; we both shared. The meat in the empanadas was perfectly cooked, and I enjoyed everything on the sampler. It wasn't too busy which was nice, and the cafe was decorated really cute. It was very aesthetically pleasing. You didnt get bored in there because there was plenty to look at. There are a lot of choices on the menu, but I'm not from Florida or anything like that so I didn't really know what I was eating (the items pretty much all have Spanish names) but I don't really care cuz it was pretty tasty! Our server was friendly and helped us with any questions we had. I would go back when the weather is cooler and eat out on their cute little patio.
4	Yuca Fries are unique.   I don't think I've had the them anywhere
5	GREAT!
5	Came to see if the mofongo was like we had in Puerto Rico and it was great! Desserts were amazing as well, loved the guava one. We both tried pork dishes, hubby liked  the white rice and beans, me the yellow. Add hot sauce for a kick. Even heard the sounds of the coqui frogs while we were there. We will be back!
5	Oh my goodness this was so good!! Haven't had Cuban food like that since I visited Fort Lauderdale. I got the Lechon Asado and my friend got the Cuban sandwich. Both were excellent choices. The pork was well seasoned and very flavorful. And it was even better the second day for leftovers. And I loved the staff so make sure to say hi to them too.
5	We went here for the first time and I'm so glad we did! The food was really tasty and we'll definitely be back!
4	Had a delicious meal last night.  The shredded pork and the black beans & rice. The sangria was a disappointment but had no problem drinking it.  Had the rum cake and cafe con Leche both were amazing.
5	We had great service at this restaurant.   The coconut empanada was excellent!  The rice and beans, plantains, and buttered bread fit the beef & pork stewed dishes
5	the food is great! remember to stop by here! you do not want to miss it!
5	A little hole in the wall place but the food is WOW ..... And great service and a nice little bar ..
5	Finding a good ma and pa cuban restaurant is hard! I stopped in for the first time today and got the cubano sandwich and fried plantains. They were amazing! I will be coming back again for sure!
5	One word: deliciousness!!! We had mojitos (of course), #108 appetizer sampler, #301 Ropa Vieja, #406 Filete de Pescado empanizado, and #708 Panetela borracha... The drunkest cake I've ever had in my life.
4	What a great place! First time here, the service was great and the food was very good.  The cuban sandwich was perfect the steak was so flavorful and the roasted plantains are addicting, love how they carmelize and get sticky and slightly burned like a burnt marshmallow, YUM
1	I just got back from Fort Lauderdale and eat mostly Mexican/Cuba the whole time. I was so excited to find this place on line that I wanted to share the Ciban with my wife. To my disappointment the meat was overcooked and dry. Probably won't go back...
