5	This is a mom and pop type of Philly Cheesetake place. It recently opened up in the former Catfish Alley. The cheesesteaks at Hanks are full of flavor and all quite delicious! From the original Philly to the Pizza Steak and Chicken Philly, you will not be disappointed. The owners are from Philadelphia, so they know what it takes to make a great cheesesteak sandwich. It does take a little while for the chicken cheese steaks to be made, but well worth the wait. Stop by if you're in the area. It's located off of Silverado Ranch & Bermuda in the Fresh & Easy shopping center.
5	Love, love, love this place. Very good philly cheese steaks. Good cheese, good bread, good meat. It's completely a mom and pop shop which I love even more. The two owners are super friendly, and seem to truly care about their food and customers. Be sure to get the american cheese on your philly! Super delicious. The cheese fries are pretty good too. I did the cheese wiz on mine, but you can do any of their cheese. It's in the fresh and easy parking lot. My GPS said it was on the side of the road where it was just desert, so be careful ! Can't wait to go back, just wish it wasn't so far from me.
5	This place is great if you want a real cheese steak! And it is a real mom and pop place and they are super nice folks! They use hand sliced ribeye and for that true taste get the cheese whiz! Give them a try!
5	Simply put... EXCELLENT! The folks cut the rib eye steak themselves. It is the best beef around, and makes an excellent sandwich.Hank's is a simple place, in the true tradition of Philly cheese steak places. The menu--well, you're choice of cheese steak sandwiches, of course! You can get fries, but this place focuses on doing one thing well, and they hit a home run!You can get a traditional, Philly style sandwich with Cheez Whiz. Look out Pat and Geno, you've got competition out west! My preference is for provolone, but it is so nice to have regional food that is truly authentic!On word of caution: if you're not used to a Philly accent, you better brush up. These folks are as real as they come, and do an incredible job.
4	Great bun... Really flavorful meat.. Good fries...I will be back.. One of the best cheesesteaks in vegas. only thing making it not 5 out of 5... The bun needs to be cut in half and the meat needs to be chopped up more.  Otherwise great.
4	I'm new to the neighborhood and it turns out Hanks is too. We met the friendly owners from Philadelphia and they said they've been open about six weeks. They already have a strong following from folks from Philly so it must be legit. I've never been to Philly, but I know what I like and these are great sandwiches. The menu is simple which is my preference. Do a few things and do them well. In Hanks' case its five sandwiches and fries. At another Philly joint I like the provolone better than the cheez whiz, but here the Philly Joe with 1/2 Cheese Whiz and 1/2 melted American is better ($6.99). The provolone with grilled onions was a bit dry. That Philly Joe is top notch. All sandwiches come on a 9" bun. If I were nitpicking, I'd like a smaller bun stuffed with the same portion of toppings.We had cheese fries too ($2.99) they're crinkle cut and topped with Cheez Whiz they reminded me of steak fries. Light and fluffy. We'll definitely be back. You can call in take out orders too.
4	Had the Philly w/American cheese.The bread here is ridiculous! I loved the flavor of the different cheeses and the meat was delicious...My only complaint is that in my opinion the sandwich could have been stuffed with A LOT more steak.I will definitely try Hank's again when I'm in the mood for a real Philly.
4	I'm with Paul, the sandwich was a little light on the steak.  However, it was DAMN GOOD!  Really, this is the best Philly Steak I've had.  The staff is great, made it fresh to order and the bread was AMAZING!  I had the Philly Joe and my wife had the one with provolone.  Mine was better (we both agreed) but they were both excellent.  Oh, they have real Coke in the bottle too (with sugar, not HFCS).  YUM!!  We'll be back!!
1	Horrible!! I went there monday 7-8-13 and was highly dissappointed. The steaks were super greasy, so were the fries and the peppers. There was hardly any cheese or meat on the sandwiches. In addition they were super expensive $40 for 3 sandwiches and 2 fries. Not to mention they charge extra for sweet and hot peppers, who does that? I should've just taken the whole order back and got a refund. If you want good cheesesteaks go elsewhere!
5	ok.  this review cannot wait.  i am in the middle of my sandwich and it is the best cheese steak i have ever had.  holy ****.
1	Where's the beef? Very little beef on the sandwich.  Got the Philly with Am. Cheese sandwich. The cheese was over-melted, you could not tell if it had cheese on it. No peppers and very little onions on this sandwich.
5	So in the last few months I haven't written many reviews due to a horrible case of writer's block.   It was going to take something of amazing to break me out of this spell.  It was going to take.....  the best Philly Cheesesteak I've had in Vegas.A little background:   My dad is from Philly and as such I've grown up with cheesesteaks my entire life.  I've been back east with him a few times and each and every time I have a cheesesteak or two and formulate mental comparisons.   My favorites that I've had there are Jim's and Steve's (side note:  how come 95% of cheesesteak places are opened by people with the most common one syllable names in the US?)   When I read about Hank's opening up, and right by my house nonetheless, I'll be honest I was a little wary.   While I'm not picky in the least bit and can eat anything from a homemade cheesesteak using steak-umms and american cheese to capriotti's version to stake out's etc etc and be happy, I also realize that it's incredibly difficult to replicate geographic favorites all the way across the country.  I tried to keep expectations low knowing that there was a good chance this would be "just another cheesesteak" After chatting with the owners for a few minutes, my hope started to rise.  Hank (is it safe to presume his name was Hank?  I forgot what he told me) was telling me about the kind of meat, the differences in meats between various places back East, and basically was a walking encyclopedia of cheesesteak knowledge.  If this guy isn't updating the wikipedia entry on cheesesteaks, he should be.  Then the golden words:  he told me that his cheesesteak was most closely going to resemble Steve's from Philly.  SOLD.  I ordered a Philly Joe based on recommendations here, and I also ordered cheese fries and some hot cherry peppers on the side because I'm a glutton for lactose intolerance and hot fiery things in my belly induced punishment.  It was definitely worth it.   For $6.95 you get 9 inches of the best quality steak I've had on a cheesesteak out here.   Whatever it's costing him to fly this meat out to Vegas, it's worth every penny.  The cheese got all gooey and messy and it helped that I devoured the whole thing in about the same amount of time it would take most people to finish unwrapping it.  This was the closest I've come in Vegas to the taste of the cheesesteaks I've had in Philly.The cheese fries were good, and I easily finished off the order, but they wouldn't be something I would order regularly since I try not to eat like a complete degenerate every time I go out.  The cheesesteak though might be too good to resist.5 stars for officially setting the bar for me on a Vegas Cheesesteak.
5	I loveee this place!! The owners are probably one of the nicest people. Their sandwiches are realllyyyy good! Super tasty and filling.. Also the fries are great. I tried the regular fries but really want to try their cheese fries when I go there next. The place is really clean. I would definitely recommend this place!
5	Went here on Thursday for lunch after checking Yelp for cheesesteaks in Vegas.  I had narrowed it down to three places, but there was something about the reviews that pulled me to Hank's.  I was rewarded for trusting my instincts.  The couple that owns and runs the place is charming and delightful, with thick Philadelphia accents.  I ordered the Philly Joe (1/2 cheese whiz and 1/2 melted american with grilled onions) based on the couple's recommendation.  It took a while to make, but it was worth the wait.  First off, I don't like 'american' cheese, but this wasn't anything like kraft singles.  The sandwich was glorious.  Have you ever had something so delicious that you regret eating it quickly?  It was out of this world.  The meat is high end ribeye, so you're not going to get a huge amount of steak if that's what you expect, but the taste is phenomenal.  The bread may have been the most amazing thing: the perfect firmness and it really makes the sandwich memorable.  It is a little messy to eat, but I wasn't even self-conscious about licking the wax paper.I've never been to Philly, but I've had cheesesteak sandwiches from over a hundred places all over the country, from Subway to gastropubs and everything in between.  This is hands down the best Philly cheesesteak I've had in my life.  To really be impartial, I should go to other places in Vegas and try their versions.  But why bother?  I've already struck gold!
5	I was on vacation when I came to this wonderful place. This is a mom and pop's cheesesteak shop. They took their time to prepare the delicious cheesesteaks which my boyfriend and I enjoyed very much. You know these cheesesteaks are made with love just by the looks and of course the taste of it. I had to get another cheesesteak sandwich before I head back to the Bay Area. We tried the Philly cheesesteak and the Philly Joe both times. The meat was thinly sliced, not chopped up like many other places. Real steak baby! The bread was out of this world! They have the meat and bread delivered all the way from Philadelphia. Usually other cheesesteak shop's bread gets soggy but not this place. The second time we added bell peppers and red cherry peppers for extra cost in there and it tasted even better. I will be visiting this place again when I come to Vegas. I'll try to post the pictures I took. Hope this review helps. :)http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/P3y7MlgrR6Qe-MNK4xn1Hw/l.jpghttp://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1kof1252fFgcZzfd82gL2A/l.jpg
2	My wife brought this home for dinner and I was extremely disappointed. The meat was awful. It might as well have been steak'ems except steak'ems doesn't have fatty and grizzly meat. It was like two giant thin pieces of over cooked steak. I tried adding mayo and hot sauce but it didn't help. I ended up throwing away 75% of the sandwich. Extremely disappointed. Capriotti's is 10x better.
5	Being from South Jersey, we know good steak sandwiches.  A friend who is a Philly transplant recommended Hank's.  I sandwiches are fabulous!  I had mine with fried onions, provolone cheese, and hot cherry peppers.  I got a side of sweet potato fries.  The bread is flown in almost daily from Philadephia.  The owner showed us the whole hunk of ribeye as he was getting ready to slice it.  It was a beautiful, well marbled piece of ribeye.  The prices are very reasonable.  There was a steady flow of customers the whole time that we were in there. Thank you for yummy steak sandwiches!
5	Super nice people!! great to have the feel of being back in Philly! sandwiches are delicious!  Anyone who thinks that the local steak places like capriottis are better just don't know what a philly cheesteak is supposed to be! There could be a little more meat, but it is so good!
5	Best Philly in Las Vegas I've ever had! Sad that geris closed on trop but once I discovered this place it's no question and a lot better. They use fresh and expensive meat the rolls are a lot better than great buns and amorosos. You can tell easily. It makes Pops on Decatur and what you get at the San gennaro feast taste like garbage. This is the real deal the owners are very cool from Philly and taught me what a real Philly is.dont waste your money at the canival ever again go to Hanks!
5	Hank is one nice guy and very accommodating. Finally a real Philly steak sandwich in Vegas. The bread, meat and cheez wiz unmatched as some restaurants have attempted to imitate.This is the real thing. Pat, Stevie and Geno would be proud. My favorite, the Philly Jo with extra onions. A gourmet meal on an imported roll from Phila. Delicious and amazing! Hank, when are you opening on the strip?
5	I was deprived of food, and thought I might try this place out after work. They ship their steak from Philly, and it's definitely quality over quantity. I ordered a Philly Cheese Steak with Kraft Cheese Whiz, and mhmmmmm, twas top notch. The bread had this crunch to it, and everything was well proportioned without anything being overpowering. I'd definitely recommend this place.The owners of this place are also extremely friendly! I like happy people. c:
5	Stopped by after work for easy dinner. They didn't have exactly what I wanted on the menu so I talked with the owner/cashier/cook and we came up with exactly what I wanted, which he made, exactly like I asked and it was perfect. Just the right amount of meat for the bread. Just enough cheese to go with the meat and not overpower it and OH those hot peppers. The perfect touch. I will definitely be back.
4	I hold out for 5 stars.....This is a great place. Excellent steak and cheese and fries. Had sweet potato fries which were perfecr.Much better than Capriottis. Their rolls were much better.Great service. Down to earth owners who work the counter. Excellent quality.Will be back for more!
5	The reviews don't lie. This place is awesome. Nice and friendly owners and quick service. One of the best phillys I've had in a long time. I will become a regular here soon. Dukedom here I come.
5	Warm, super-friendly service and an incredible philly. The meat is sliced, juicy and perfectly seasoned and the bread is light, soft and fresh. You have a choice of whiz or melted cheeses, and everything was made to order - and with a lot of love. Best philly in town. Better than pop's, in my opinion.
5	Can't say that I'm a Philly Cheesesteak aficionado, but after reading so many positive reviews and driving by this place relatively often I had to give it a shot. I think it was a combination of it being a super cold night and that the food was just that good, but I really, really enjoyed my sandwich from Hank's.I had a chance to chat with both Hank and his wife and they were very excited to know that their positive Yelp reviews led me to trying them out. I figured if I was going to try this place, I better go with the signature sandwich, a philly cheesesteak with cheeze-wiz, grilled onions, and mayo. I know mayo isn't everyone's cup o' tea on this sammich, but it works for me, so there! I loved it. The meat was tender and had great flavor. The cheeze-wiz, which I had never had on a sandwich, made it really moist and had so much cheese flavor in every bite. I ordered the onions well done, and they were perfect, sweet. The bread was absolutely stellar.The ambiance is lacking a bit. I probably wouldn't plan to eat there, I'd just take it home. It was Monday night and some made for TV type movie was playing on their nice flat screen TV, not Monday Night Football which was kind of weird. It's pretty bare in there and could use some sprucing up. Not dirty or trashy at all, just kind of blah-zay.We need more small business owners/foodies like this. I definitely recommend giving Hank's a try! Their sammiches are off the heezy.
5	Went here on a whim before going to work to get some lunch. My mom and pop shops are usually the best if you are looking for something that's not local. Walked in, everything looked clean. Took a look at the menu and didn't really cared much. Asked Greg to get me whatever he thinks is the best and that my lunch is in his control. He made me a Philly Joe with mushrooms on it. Talked to Laura and Hank and they are amazing. Great people from Philly cooking philly cheese steaks right. I made a complete mess eating it and that's how it's supposed to be. Definitely coming back. Great personality. Great real authentic food. What more can I want?
5	The meat was so tender and juicy.  The service was more like sitting in someones kitchen then a restaurant.  I felt very welcome and at home.  My husband and I got the Philly Joe and the original Philly with some cheese fries to go.  I would suggest not getting cheese fries to go, they are messy and get a little soggy when wrapped up, but still very delicious.  The bread was chewy and super fresh.  I plan to go back again ASAP.
5	Where do I start? The food is fantastic.ade to order. I got the small classic Philly Cheese steak "wit", onions. PERFECTION. The fries were perfect. The service: friendly, happy and a pleasure to be around. All in all, Hank's will be a place that the hubby and I will come to on a regular basis. My advice? TRY IT!'
5	Hanks is owned and run by an elder couple from Philly. They are very friendly and love what they do. The cheesteaks are awesome! Meat is perfectly cooked, the bread is good, and the cheesesteak is delicious! If you want a classic philly cheesesteak get a wiz wit(cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions). Hanks is a great establishment run by very friendly owners. I highly recommend that you check them out!
5	Far and away the best cheese steak I've had!OK, the owners here are great.  Uber friendly and they obviously have passion for what they do.  I've always said that whatever you do, do it well.  We talked for 10 minutes about what makes their sandwich so good.Get a cheese steak (obviously) and top it how you like.  Personally that means peppers and mushrooms but no onion.  I opted for provolone though if you want to get dirty I hear the cheese wiz is a killer choice.  No chopped steak here, no, nestled in the bun is a steak grilled to perfection.  OK, I can't take it.  I need another
5	My husband and I went there to try their highly recommended philly cheese steak and it was awesome!  We got it with cheez whiz (apparently it is the only proper way) and with onions and peppers.  Like I said... it was great!  We got a side of their plain fries and it was good also.
1	First ever review for me. I have to do it because of all the great reviews for Hanks are so overstated. Overall I rate Hanks below average. I had the original cheesesteak with whiz onion and peppers. There were only two other customers when we arrived and it still took over 15 mins for our 2 sandwich and 1 fry order. The fries came out 5 min before the sandwich. The meat was unseasoned and extremely bland. The salt shaker on the table was 3/4 full but was hard as a rock. The ketchup was so watered down it was gross. I have had better cheesesteaks so much better at so many places in town I find it hard to believe the reviews in here. Obviously they are not genuine. I have nothing to gain nor lose by my review...just being perfectly honest!! I gave it one star because to ppst my review I had too.
1	Whoever orders from here is crazy. I ordered two "famous" cheese steaks. Both weren't started until 15 minutes after I ordered. They cool each order 1 at a time. The sandwich was bland, there was no salt, the mushrooms were clearly from frozen and not cooked long enough. The meat count was skimpy as well. This place claims to have been on the Food Network, but less than 6 months ago it was a catfish restaurant. Basically Gino's in Philly has absolutely nothing to worry about.
4	Tried Hanks for the first time a couple days ago and it was really good. I liked the fact that it was shaved lean steak as opposed to grounded up steak. The owner was very friendly as well. I will definitely be going back.
5	Since I've moved to Las Vegas I've been looking for a Philly wit wiz, has to have the wiz!!!!!! Well it looks like I've found the place and it's right down the street! The owners are from Philly and came here to open their Philly shop, super friendly and are great to chit chat with. They don't cut corners around here, fresh not frozen meat, freshly cut to order and rolls are shipped in from Philly. The decor is lacking, but who's here to look at the walls. We will definitely be back! Only thing I'd like to see added is a selection of chips.
1	Good luck in getting one of their Tarantini Panzarottis! We've tried three separate times to try one of these and they don't have any available because they need to thaw.(???)  Maybe they only serve them if you're with a tv show on the Food Network? Not sure but we're done trying.... really poor service!
5	Great mom and pop style deli. The owners are very friendly. Food is amazing but they are not the best at dealing with rushes. I would wait to have their Philly steaks any day though! The Usual: Philly steak, melted american cheese and grilled onions. Must try.
5	Great food and really good people. This is real authentic philliesIf you are looking for a Original philly with WIZ this is the place. It was so good that at 150lbs I ate 2 of the. This was fantastic.
3	Tried this place for the 1st time today becuase I love Philly steaks, this place is close to work, and it had such good reviews.  Overall I was dissapointed.  It's not terrible, but it's really not that great either.  I ordered a regular Philly cheese steak with just meat, and cheese.  Normally i like to add some spicier options to my cheese steak, but the options here were limited.  I do not like onions, or mushrooms, so I was left to just get a fairly plain cheese steak.  I wish they had some sort of hot peppers, but if they do it was not clearly advertised anywhere.  The bread was fantastic, seemed like it was homemade.  For cheese they have options of cheese whiz, provolone, or American.  I ordered provolone.  The cheese was ok.  The dissapointing part was the meat.  They used sliced beef instead of chopped.  I am not against either option.  The issue was that the meat severely lacked in flavor.  It seemed like there were absolutely no spices or anything to this meat.  The meat needs to have flavor otherwise what is the point.  I would much rather have a cheese steak from Capriotis sandwich shop or several other places that I have ordered from in the past.  I was excited to try this place, but sadly I can in no way give a 4 star, in fact this was a toss up between 2-3.  I love it when family owned (mom and pop) types of places open up, they are usually very good, but this is not one of the great ones from my experience.  Also, the price was around $9 for a regular cheese steak.  I would have expected my sandwich to be a bit fuller for that price.  I know without the extra toppings the size is smaller automatically, but it was still slightly undersized for the price I paid.
2	Lousy. My wife and I ate there and It came out to $32 for two full meals they charge an extra $1.00 for onions, $1.00 for bell peppers and $1.00 for mushrooms (even if you get the small). They have "pizza fries" that were frozen del taco style fries with nacho cheese and tasteless pizza sauce, what pizza has nacho cheese? Don't call that "pizza fries". The Philly cheese steak sandwiches were made with good sliced steak but lacked in flavor, very bland. I found myself adding extra salt and pepper. The folks working there were really nice which was the only good part about the experience. All in all this is not a place you want to go if you want to grab a quick affordable lunch you're looking spending at least $15 if you want fries and a drink. Sad to say I was disappointed with this place.
5	Yummy food! Love the Philly joe with bell pepper and hot peppers. The owners are super nice and always make me feel welcome :)
2	I was not impressed. Though, let me first say that the owner and staff are super friendly and nice. I just didn't care for the food.This little spot is located in a strip mall. It's small and sparse, but has a nice homey feel. When I was here, there was no one else in the place.I placed my order and opted for taking it to go. And everything was made fresh. The prices were ok. It can definitely add up, but it's nothing out of line with other area prices.When I got home, I realized they gave me just regular fries, not the cheese fries I had ordered. And I'm not sure I got the right sandwich order. It sure didn't seem like there was any whiz in there. And the sandwich just didn't taste that good to me. I had high hopes. When I lived on the East Coast, I would literally drive to Philly just to have a steak sandwich. But this sandwich left me longing and failed to satisfy my craving. It wasn't inedible or anything. But I also picked it apart and ate little of it.So all in all, this was a disappointing meal. However, I didn't try what they were featured on TV for. So perhaps I'll stop in again and try a different menu item.
5	Great little mom and pop type place, straight from the east coast. Super friendly owners who see you once and remember you forever. Try the Panzarotti! Yum. Fair prices and great service, you really can't go wrong. If you are an east coast transplant like myself, you will feel a little bit of home when you visit Hanks. Fly Eagles Fly!
5	Talk about hole-in-the wall goodness!  Hidden behind Jack in the Box...I was actually on my way there to get a Sourdough Jack before driving down to San Diego...boy am I glad the fiance mentioned trying this place! These philly steaks come on bread shipped from Philadelphia! The bread is soft and buttery inside with a perfectly toasted exterior.  The flavor and texture of the cheese steak keeps you going in for another bite even after you are stuffed.  I got the Herman special which comes with steak, provolone, mayo, grilled onions. The mayonnaise and provolone blended perfectly together. The texture of the steak was buttery smooth...I mean I'm finding a hard time  describing with words how delicious these philly steaks are...the cheese blends seem to have the perfect combination of seasoning!  The fiance got the Philly Joe (fittingly since his name is Joe)...steak,half cheese whiz, half American cheese with grilled onions.  He loves philly steaks and has probably tried all the ones in town and he says by far these are superior!  Apparently, the Philly Joe is the fan favorite, since the owner told me I'd be jealous of his order.  Honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese whiz?! Personally, I'm not a big fan of American cheese but this combo was delightful gluttony!  We didn't get a chance to try the original Tarantini Panzarotti, which was shown on the Food Netwok "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" - definitely next time!  As I'm writing this review, I'm planning my next visit here this week!
5	Best philly cheese steaks in Vegas. The meat is quality, the bread is the right amount of chewy (in a good way), and it's messy without falling apart, like it should be. These are authentic! The owner is super nice and loves to make conversation. He's straight from philly. I recommend getting the American cheese/whiz combo... Great combination of flavors. No need for anything but onions on these babies. They recently got a write up in LV Weekly, which I was glad to see as it is well-merited.
2	Unfortunately disappointed.Had a great expectations since several of our friends from back East recommended us on numerous occasions.We ordered:1 large Philly cheesesteak at $8.992 fries at $2.50 each2 regular can sodas at $1 each1 side of wiz at $0.50The large Philly was smaller than a small at Capriottis. The Philly meat seemed to be sliced and placed on a griddle, no seasoning. Maybe overcooked or just steamed through, but had no flavor. The wiz seemed to be a mix of 1/2 wiz and half American, which they offer, but we ordered wiz. The fries were definitely frozen Oreida and served way too hot. Prices are ridiculous, definitely feel as though we were nickel and dimed. Money is not a concern when the quality is there...but for 1 sandwich, 2 fries, 2 sodas and a side of cheese for $17, almost $18 with tax...??? Honestly you can definitely tell you are paying for the rent and not the food...if that makes any sense.Possibly an off night for the mom and pop owners, who are very friendly...but the food was not notably worthy as the previous reviews suggest.
2	Too expensive for not real cheesesteaks, they were on a sandwich roll not even on a Philly roll. And everything is all a cart. And everything is way too overpriced, $35 for two people.
4	Awesome real philly steak sandwiches, like how they make them in Philly . They were just featured on travel channel.
5	I walked in and Greg the owner instantly said, "welcome back!" I had never been there so it was pretty funny! After a few bites of their great sandwiches I will be coming back! They use the same bread that's used in Philly and the meat and cheese was high quality stuff! Greg's wife sat down with me at the table while I waited for my sandwich and she was very nice as well! It's a small town feel in a big town and I think that's the best part!
3	Wow talk about being disappointed. You look at this guys website and you think wow this has to be the greatest cheesesteak I ever tasted in my whole life . But then again in his website he said that all the best Philly cheese steak places in Philadelphia does not chop up their steak he is 100 % wrong. If anybody knows I do cause I worked at the original cheesesteak place in Philadelphia the 1st cheestake joint the place where the cheesestake was invented Pats... First thing he does wrong is he does not season his meat. And the reason why I know is because i was standing by the counter and i didn't see him season the meat  At Pats the way we cooked our steaks is first we took 6 ounces (that was weighted in advanced ) of rib eye put it on the gill that was already splatted with a little bit of oil season the meat with salt a pinch of black pepper and Paparika... Hanks  not have does not  give you any meat  At all I doubt if there was 4 ounces of meat on that sandwich and maybe one slice of American cheese. I don't mind paying $10 for a sandwich but give me something to eat I could've eaten 4 of those sandwiches and I still would've been full.. I could tell that the meat was very good it was fresh and the bread was pretty good ..But for gods sake let's stop being a cheapskate I know about food cost but come on you're charging almost $10 for a freakin sandwich.. Talk about being a stone face the guy never smiled his wife I'm assuming it's his wife had nothing to say.. I don't think they were ever is business before or managed a philly cheesestake place like there web site stated.... Have you guys ever heard of truth in advertising !!!!!All in all I don't think I would ever come back here
2	I have been looking all over Vegas thinking that I might find a great cheesesteak in Vegas, but sadly I am still looking. I order a philly pizza and there was one party in front of me. It took over ten minute for the sandwich to be made. When I got it there were 3 or 4 thicker pieces of steak meat. The sandwich, overall was ok, but not what I was looking for.
5	Back a year later and they are still as good as ever.
5	I'm from Philly, and I can't wait to have more and more cheesesteaks from here. Now my kids get to enjoy the real Philly
5	Mom & Pop shop...my second visit and I love it! Food is made to order, good customer service and food is delisH!
1	I give this place one star because of owner attitude.  I walked in as soon as they opened and when I asked if they pepper their meat he smirked and said no like I was a dumb ass.  I can't eat anything with pepper due to digestive problems.  Then I asked for provolone on my sandwich.  Nope he said we don't have any yet, with an attitude.  What ???? Who offers options but has not that option???  I guess I'm not used to the back East ATTITUDE.  Don't think anyone else will appreciate it either.
5	Since moving to LV, my husband and I have searched for a great philly cheese. We've tried a few places including Pops, which was by far the worst we had. Then we found Hanks! Best in town. Friendliest owners on the planet. Plus, they use REAL WIZ! We had their special, 12" for $8.99. (Not sure if this special is everyday.) Great price. Bread was fresh and had a great crust. Meat was amazing. And again, the WIZ. Even our kids loved it! Finally, we have found our spot. We will be returning and spreading the word that Hanks is the place to go.
5	Love this place went in for the first time today I think the owner was the guy helping me the whole time super nice guy! Helped me with the order cause Iv never had a true cheese steak before but boy howdy I'm glad this was my first the sandwich was AMAZING I would give this place more stars if I could I'll be back for sure!
3	Before you come here you the first thing you need to know is that their hours are 12 pm to 8 pm Monday through Saturday. Closed Sundays. On the business listing it says they open at 11 am. Well imagine my dismay when I showed up at 11 only to say a couple of curse words and leave hungry to look for another place to hit up for lunch. Sucks when you have your mind made up for a cheese steak. Fyi I ended up going to Full House Barbeque (A Filipino restaurant) just down the street.So this next time I show up exactly at 12 to check this bookmark off.I get the foot long Cheese Steak ($8.99) with the Cheese Whiz/Provolone mix along with grilled onions standard. You can add Bell Peppers ($1.25), Mushrooms ($1.00), Pepperoni ($1.00), Extra Meat ($3.50),and Hot Cherry Peppers (50 cents).The sandwich was ok but if you wanted to add everything that I mentioned, you would be looking at a sandwich that is over 16 dollars! SAY WHAAAAAAAAAAT!?!?!?!Service was great. The overall ambience of the place was just ok with several tables and chairs. There are Philly paraphernalia on the walls.Overall, I thought it was just an ok experience. Nothing really impressed me but at the same time nothing really disappointed either.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #144 "What's the dilly with the 16 dollar Philly?"
2	I was excited to find this place close to my new home in Vegas as their website led me to believe that I would experience an authentic Philly Cheesesteak before I went to watch the NHL Draft on TV. Sadly, like many things on the Internet, it was all a lie. I will probably give them one more chance and update this review but for now its barely a 2 star.I went a bit later in the day in order to avoid any lunch rush and perhaps that was my mistake because they were out of a lot of things like Provolone Cheese, Peppers, Onion Rings, etc... So, I went with a cheese steak with onions and mushrooms and of course the cheese wiz. I wanted provolone and peppers as well but no such luck.The first thing I noticed was the price. Sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a can of soda was just under $17.00. Thats a bit much especially when you see how little meat you get in the sandwich, it was mostly bun and wiz. The onions and mushrooms were both basically raw, I expected them somewhat caramelized.I've  been to Philly and gotten fat on their cheese steaks... Hank's is nothing like the ones I enjoyed there.
1	Waaaaay over priced!$14-16 with tax for lunch is a absolute joke.Do they think they have a restaurant in the Wynn? Or they're just looking to retire early? If you cant have a sandwich for lunch the strip w/fries or chips and a drink.Its a rip off!!!!
1	I'm from New Jersey the state of amazing food. Especially panzarottis. I went here and was so happy to see they had them. I've been here in Vegas for 2 years now and haven't had one in forever ! It was good. Not awesome but good. I enjoyed it. This review is getting one star because of the owner who is quit possibly the rudest man I've ever met. I called to see if I could get them frozen so that I could send them to my aunt in Tennessee because they don't have them there. He said rudely that "no we don't sell them frozen". I've tried to explain that someone mentioned to me before that they have them frozen. He than yelled at me through the phone " I OWN THE PLACE ! I DONT SELL THEM FROZEN." When indeed the first time I was there he told me he gets the shipped to him frozen. Sooooo which is it sir ?? Don't be so rude. You will NEVER get my business again, and I will never recommend your restaurant to anyone. I've been working at restaurants my whole life and now own a business here in Vegas. Never would I ever treat a costumer that way. So unprofessional ! That's enough to keep me away.
1	Hank's Philly Steaks does not deserve even 1 star. Tall skinny guy (owner I guess) was very rude and prejudiced. Food is ok.-nothing special, and NO... NO NO NO NO NO - when it comes to Philly they are absolutely NOT the best. Save your self time, money and dissatisfaction.
5	We are back here again. It cost us about $36 for this but it's worth it! Two 12" Philly Cheese with mushrooms, cherry peppers,  onions,  bell peppers. For those people who complains about the prices they have to think about the quality of it. I added all the extras so it cost a bit more. I am happy and satisfied with it. The owner and the wife are so nice. The rib eye philly cheese steak is the best! We will be back when we visit vegas.
5	I am from the Philadelphia region, however I have traveled much of the west coast. I can honestly say that this place is 100% Philly style steaks.  The steaks and rolls are exactly what you would get in Philadelphia. In fact, they are better than most of the steak places i have eaten at in philly. Their prices are completely reasonable considering they probably have to import their products from the east coast because I have never seen quality italian rolls and meets on the West coast, but Hank's has them. To me, what makes it even better than  Philly is not just the food, but how you are treated by the staff. For those people who have never eaten a philly Cheasesteak in Philadelphia you may not know that if you dont know what you want, they will send you to the back of a very long line and they are usually rude. At this place the staff was very nice and made people feel comfortable. This place is a must see if you live near or are visiting Las Vegas for vacation.
2	This place was clean and the guy working the counter was friendly. The Philly sandwiches were ho-hum.  Nothing exciting at all. Rather disappointing really.  The soda dispenser is out of order so we had to drink sodas from cans...another let down.  The prices seem a little steep... lunch for me and my two kids was well over $30.  Then some guy came in talking business with the counter guy (I think he's the owner) and I got to listen to the owner complain about his margins... Really, I just paid $11.50 for a bland sandwich and now you're bitching about your profit margin while I eat it, washed down with a canned soda?  Not impressed.
5	This place has one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. I'm no expert, but I'm a cheesesteak fan and I've been to Pat's, Geno's and countless others across the country. Hank's uses a good roll, delicious rib-eye meat and cover it in the right amount of cheese whiz. If you're craving a cheese steak, this it the right place. Owners are very friendly. Will be back when I get a chance.
4	Wow this place was awesome. Best Philly cheesesteaks I ever had. I understand why it was on food networks "best thing I ever ate"
1	This place is a JOKE!!!  They have a big banner in front saying "Home of the Tarantini Panzarotti, Food Networks Best Thing I Ever Ate"  Of course I got excited and decided to make a special trip there next time I was going to my bank, which is is the same strip mall.  Well I went there on a Wed 12:30 and they were closed.  Disappointed, I figured I will try again next time I had to do some banking.  A week later, I came back and was ecstatic to see them open.  I went in to inquire about the famous Panzrotti, and they said they were out, and they would not have any till next week.  HUH???  I then asked them which Chef on the Food Network show claimed it was the "Best Thing They Ever Ate" and she replied she did not know.  Hey lady, for your info, it was Aaron McCargo, who won Season 4 of The Next Food Network Star.She was very cold, unfriendly and non accommodating and I felt like I was bothering her.  She then said the dish is FROZEN, and it was being shipped from back East, so they would not have any till next week, even though the delivery was suppose to arrive later that day (It was Thursday)  HUH again???The place looks old and dingy, and after checking the menu, their Subs and Philly Cheesesteaks were way over priced.  I then walked out very irritated, and so disappointed.  I will never go back, and it just goes to show...false advertising is everywhere, and beware of what the sighs says!!!I have to rate at least one star, or my review wont post, but I really rate this place a Negative 5 Stars!
4	Great food. SUPER FRIENDLY. I love small buiness owners more so than them truly authentic Phillys. Check them out and support  them.
3	It was good. The bf and i both enjoyed it. I had the ribeye cheese steak with whiz and mushrooms..goood! My bf had the chicken cheese steak with provolone and that was good too...he also.ordered cheese fries and fried mac n cheese bites..NOT GOOD.  Dont waste your money and calorie count for those.  Skip it! Its a cute little place and the owners were nice.  Our bill came out $33 though.
4	The first thing I like about this place is the husband and wife team who own and run it. They are friendly and they make the dining experience a good one. This place is like a little hole in the wall. This was my second time dining here this time that I went i bought one of those discount cards from my daughters school's football team. We ordered 2 philly steaks with mushroom and onions and fried and drinks. I love they way they do their philly's they cook thinly sliced steak they don't chop it and you can get more than one cheese on it but i choose cheese wiz. They didn't add the fries on when we ordered and when my husband went to ask for cheese on the fries they added it and just charged for the cheese sauce which i thought was nice. so my cons for this place is the price my deal was for buy one get on 50% off and we still spent 28.00, We paid 2.00 total to add mushrooms to both sandwiches and they were canned mushrooms which to me takes away from the quality of the sandwich. They only have canned soda because their fountain machine is broken so you have to pay a dollar a can which if you drink a lot when you eat it adds up. This place got 4 stars because besides the things i was not thrilled about the food and the owners make it work it, I just wont eat often or it will kill the food budget!
3	A bit unorganized, the American cheese on the cheesesteak came from a melter (why not just use real cheese melted on top while its cooking), and it was extremely expensive. The husband and wife team are very nice and I would like to continue to support them, but they need to run some specials for the budget minded. Overall the quality of the food was a 4 star, but had to knock it down one due to price/value.
5	The Best Philly Cheesteak in Vegas. Might be a little pricier than usual but its all worth it. Staffed by a couple of sweet people. Highly recommended.
1	I wish I could comment on the food here as I was really looking forward to eating at this restaurant. However, the owner was rude before I ever got the chance to order. I was wearing my work badge, and he immediately dismissed me as a solicitor, even upon asking for a menu. (Was trying to feed coworkers as well) He said, "do you want a sandwich or not, I'm busy". I'll personally take mediocre food and great service vs a bitter old man and a great sandwich. Best of luck in business, and I wish even more luck to a patron on their lunch break. You'll need it.
1	I'm not usually on this side of town so when I was out and about for work I stopped in with a couple co-workers, excited to see the sign hanging saying this place had been on Travel Channel.  The place itself is drab looking and leaves something to be desired. We ordered our food with high expectations of service and quality, but neither was there. The prices were high & the soda fountain was broken so we had an option of canned regular coke or diet, nothing else. It took us just under an HOUR to get two Philly cheesesteaks, two orders of fries (regular and sweet potato), and the macaroni bites.    When the food finally arrived one barely had any meat on it (steak, provolone with onions) and the meat to onion ratio was ridiculous. The second (steak, cheese whiz and onions) was overflowing with the cheese (which I'm all for) was okay, nothing spectacular or to rave about. The sweet potato fries were okay at best and I was not a fan of the pre-brought/pre-made/pre-frozen macaroni bites that were very, very under seasoned.   At one point one of my co-workers got up and walked to the counter and asked the woman behind the counter if she could have a receipt for her meal (the woman had failed to give it to her and we needed the receipts for work) She immediately got snippy & rude and yelled at my co-worker saying she didn't ask for one! My co-worker replied by telling her it was for work, and she needed it. At that point the man who was cooking (assuming it was the owner) came over and told the woman to just make her a new one.  Not coming back here again, and will be telling others to stay away! Why wait almost an hour for a sandwich and then have rude service for asking a question? Stay away!!
2	Pros:Decent Cheesesteak sandwich, 6/10Panzarotti was good, but needed more fillingThe lady at the counter was nice Cons:The sandwich could have used more steak on itI ordered mine with onions, and they were pretty scarce.  You might want to order extra onions to get some.Almost $10 for a 9 inch sandwich is way too expensive Took a long time to get our food, best to order ahead and get take outAll in all, if you want a better experience, go to Pops or Capriotti's.  Better food, and cheaper at that.
5	We where in Las Vegas we had seen this place on the travel channel it looked good so we tried it omg its amazing food the rolls are so fresh and soft! Now every time we are in Las Vegas we go for a cheese steak sandwich!
4	YES YES YEEEESSSSS!!!!!!I have been craving a real Philly style cheese steak with grilled onions and cheese whiz. Thank God for Hank's!!!This joint is hidden in the back of a small little strip mall complex. I won't lie, as an avid Yelper  I was very nervous after reading the reviews. Odd hours that don't coincide with the actual posted hours and a rude owner? My response to this is, if you are kind and don't enter an establishment acting like an entitled scum bag chances are you will be treated with respect. My boyfriend and I had a delicious lunch and the icing on the cake with the real sugar Coca Cola in a glass bottle. The owner and his wife were friendly and chatty and we talked about Philly and food during our whole meal.I will gladly return again for more sandwiches!!!I just wish there was a little bit more meat in my sub, but other than that.... No complaints!!!
2	I want to like this place. The sandwiches are good. But they are way over priced, I somehow spent $35 for two foot longs! Even with the price I would consider coming back, but the wait time is unacceptable, my order took over 45 minutes!
1	One star for a pretty decent sandwich.  Unfortunately the sandwich was the only acceptable part of this visit. We stopped in because they had a banner saying they were featured on Food Network. The bait worked on us, and we were hungry and just wanted to get to out hotel ASAP. How long could it take to get just ONE philly steak sandwich?! We walk in to an incredibly tacky looking place, but what REALLY hit us was the smell. Not their fault, but they're sharing a wall with a hookah lounge and holy crap, this place stank SO BAD. Sweet, fruity tobacco hung in the air and we could barely breathe. We almost left before ordering because of the smell but we decided to order anyway.There was an older couple working. The lady took our order and was friendly enough but they were out of bell peppers (um, so go buy some?!) and she literally wrote our order down on this piece of scrap paper (an old receipt?) and laid it next to the grill for the cook. Hmmm, we were beginning to wonder...We ordered one Philly sandwich which is pretty much the only thing they have on the menu. We also got a bottle of water and our total was $13.something. Seems a bit steep but we had high hopes.The order of ONE sandwich took over 20 minutes. The grill was clearly not hot because the food sat on it for ages while the cook worked at a snails pace to assemble ours and the people's who ordered 10 min after us. Nothing on the grill sizzled and when we FINALLY got our sandwich nothing was caramelized or browned. Just gray. The cheese was laid in the bun and not melted on top on the grill. Weak. It tasted decent but was nowhere near worth the price or the wait!The bathroom smelled of hookah and raw sewage and we were gagging at the smell of this place by the end of the meal.Good luck staying open if it takes you 20 minutes to make one sandwich, the only thing on your menu. Stay away from this dump.
1	If I can rate this place, I'd give it a no star! These people are so rude! Someone actually referred us here and today was our first time. We asked a simple question about how big the roll was and all of a sudden she's getting pissed off at our question and saying it's common knowledge to know what a foot was and spitting out the work fuck! I mean, some sandwich shops cut of bread is different, 12 inches may look 15 in out restaurants. To think we were actually willing to eat their food. Their menu is not even full! The place was empty, and it reeked of cheap cleaning products. And also, how can a sandwich shop only have one style of meat?? Waste of time, and waste of gas.
2	Overpriced in my opinion. I got a cheesesteak, and found both the steak and cheese to be bland. Not to mention the steak wasn't chopped at all. How do you not cut/chop the steak for a 10$ cheesesteak?? The place didn't have anyone else inside so it wasn't because they were busy. The fries were super greasy as well. I won't be back, but to each their own.This visit was on the first Thursday night nfl football game of the season 2014.
5	Hank's Original Philly Style Cheese Steak Is Delicious! The Owners are a delightful pair as well. They are warm and friendly and you could stay in there and eat forever. Be sure to check the hours because they are not open everyday (Hopefully they use those days to enjoy life a bit they deserve it).
2	HORRIBLE  first there hours are not what they say at all!!!!!!!!! Place looks beat up! My philly was the driest thing on the planet in no way was I happy I took two bites and threw it away will NEVER eat there again
