5	YUM!Maybe it's just because we had extra sauce and extra cheese added to our pizza, but it was AMAZING.  Thick crust, flavorful sauce, tons of cheese - and they deliver?!  I'm in heaven.*Update:  We are outside of their delivery area.  : (
2	Ordered both types (regular and Sicilian) of pizzas they have and both of them were almost too bad to eat.  I'll be throwing the leftovers away. The Sicilian was greasy and bland, the regular was bland and chewy.  Now, there lasagna and subs and such may be good... but the pizza was not.  If you're still interested.. they do have a website:http://www.patspizzaplus.com/
5	***Update*** So after visiting this place again today, to grab some lunch to go, I have to bump up my 4 stars to 5. The little strip mall where Pat's sits is under renovation, but they're taking it in stride. And I still got my 2 slices with topping and drink for under $4. I don't care that they forgot my pepperoni at first and I had to wait a whole 45 seconds or so. The pizza is just really good, the staff is friendly, and it is such a deal. And I never get tired of reading the randomly odd stuff on the walls... like how Sean McLaughlin stopped there for a slice after getting married... or a Xerox certification of Elvis' check for the purchase of three Caddys... or the poster for the maiden voyage of the Titanic. Just odd stuff, but I did learn today that they have a catering menu too. A huge thank you to my friend Tina, for fronting me cash after I realized I didn't have any. They still don't run plastic under $5. Oh yeah, and after Tina went on and on about how she doesn't often find pizza she likes, I got an IM from her later... "yummy pep pizza". Yes, it is. :) _________________________________________________My hubby introduced me to this hole-in-the-wall joint. For under $4, you get a lunch special with two YUMMY slices, one topping each, and a drink. I like peno's... they came freshly chopped, sans seeds and membranes. My nose was melting, but I was happy to not get the usual pickled rings. No one I've brought here has said anything other than wow. Bring cash if only getting one special; they have $5 debit/charge minimum.
5	I LOVE this pizza!  It's the best I have had in Phoenix.  Not the greatest atmosphere to sit down in.  Service is fine... but the pizza is awesome.
5	As soon as I walked into this place, my mouth began to water.  The aroma in here just cant be beat.I ordered the special - 1 16" pizza with 2 toppings and 30 wings.  Pizza toppings were Mushrooms and Onions.  I lamented this topping combo, but it was what my girlfriend wanted.  I got the wings hot, also ordered the Calzone sampler to try it out.When I opened the wing box, the steam that rose from the box made my eyes and nose water.  It smelled so good I had to eat one right there at the counter.  One of the owners told me that the wings are even better if you eat them in house.  The next time I am in the area, I will try it out.I took the pizza home and cracked open the box.  The mushrooms were thick, and the onions appeared at though they were cut by hand.  The sauce was rich, and the crust was perfect.The calzones were great as well, smothered in marinara sauce.The price was great, the people were friendly.  The lunch special can't be beat.  (2 slices of pizza and a free soda, 50 cent refills)Negotiate the construction outside, find yourself a parking spot and get this pizza.  My only regret was that I had to share it.  Next time - its all mine.
5	I did give Pat's 5 stars, but there is one thing that I really hate and it just drives me crazy!  The food is too good that I don't know what to choose!  The pizza is just as good as any pizza place in NYC.  The appetizers and wings are fantastic.  If you have a appetite of a horse, you need to try the DiVinci.  It is a meal with three pastas!  You can eat there, but I prefer delivery.  After eating Pat's I can't get up from off my seat.
5	Pat's Pizza is so good that it hurts.  I went for the first time last week, and I don't think a second has gone by since that I didn't wish I was eating it.  Like we finished, left, got in the car, and I thought to myself, "I could really go for some Pat's Pizza right now!"I didn't like one thing (but not enough to dock a star):  Signs, signs, everywhere there's signs.  Signs that show an owner who has a truly love/hate relationship with his customers.  I know the general public can be a pain in the ass, but I don't like seeing 5 million signs telling me basically "behave".  My mama taught me right, ok Pat?But who cares?  Not me.  Delicious, perfect, mouthwatering, decadent, delightful, wonderful, amazing (my thesaurus has run out) pizza will keep me coming back over and over again, as many times as humanly possible.
4	There's nothing the least bit elegant about Pat's and it wont be your Aunt Pittypat's cup o' tea, but newer restaurants selling antiseptic, faux authenticity look positively silly next to this guy.  It's a gritty, cramped throwback more than a prototype concept you'd see up the street (ie Pei Wei, Sauce, etc).  At Pat's, you open the front door, and might as well be in Coney Island or Bensonhurst.  The claustrophobic walls burst with New York kitsch, old license plates and smartass signs not to be taken too seriously.  ( There used to be a witch at the front counter, but she's apparently been liquidated and the folks now are helpful and pleasant. )We normally take out, but if you do eat in, dont expect to be waited on at a table- order first at the counter and they'll bring it out to you.  Pies are consistently delicious; not wood fired Bianco artisan or anything, just straight out of the oven NY style thin crust by a paesan who knows what he's doin' - not some part-timer reading a Dominos manual. My teenager says this is the best pizza he's ever had. Having grown up in Brooklyn, I'd say it's the genuine article and way better than the chains. Good olive oil and, of course, the dough. Cant tell you why, but it just tastes different than the chains and you'll taste it in a second.  The other day, I walked in with two teenagers and we each got the daily lunch special - two large cheese slices and a soda. It was $9.72. Not $9.72 each.....$9.72 TOTAL!!  The three of us. Now, there's no sides - hell, there's no utensils other than your hands, napkins and chin - but when was the last time you sat down in an establishment with three adult sized appetites and  had a delicious, satisfying lunch for ten bucks?  It aint the Sistine Chapel, but how can you say anything bad about a place like that?
3	I tried Pat's yesterday for the first time.  I've seen lots of good reviews on Yelp and have been really hungry for good NY style pizza.  Walking into the place was just like being back home and brought back lots of memories.  The smells were fantastic.  I ordered a large with mushrooms, onions and sausage.  The toppings and the sauce were GREAT !  The crust however did not do much for me.  It seemed like it was cooked too long, as evidenced by the burnt section on one side.  I was looking for the thin, crispy on the bottom, squishy on the top and grease sliding off it.  I think the crust was a fluke so I will definitely give it another shot.
3	Pat's is pretty damn good. Good pizza, GREAT wings. I really don't like going in there. A previous poster mentioned the love/hate relationship Pat's seems to have with it's customers. Passive-aggressive signs are literally everywhere you turn. No bills larger than $20. If you didn't buy it here don't eat it here. Please close the door behind you. Don't steal the magazines. Even on the website and all capped and pissed off;  Please HAVE YOUR ORDER READY ordering delivery. Please have your credit card number READY. Last deliveries of the night are CASH ONLY!!Okay I get it, pizza nazi. It's very off-putting.Have a little faith in your customers, we're not all assholes.
5	Tastes great, good price.
4	I haven't been back in a while, but I really like this place.When my parents had a place over at the Pointe at Squaw Peak, I was in search of good NY pizza. I stumbled upon this place back in 96 and loved it!I think there are plenty of other quality pizza joints out here now that are as good, if not better, but I would not hesitate for a second visiting Pat's.
2	Yelp totally led me wrong here!  This place is relatively inexpensive, but I didn't find the atmosphere charming or fun and the pizza tastes like something from a school cafeteria.  Granted, all I tried was one pizza but it really stood out as a place to avoid in a neighborhood with plenty of fantastic pizza and other Italian food.
5	They found "it". There are only a handful of places in this town that know how to make pizza. Anyone who would find a problem with this pie needs to get back to their Digiorno's.......
3	Pat's has great NY style pizza, fresh ingredients and will make it to your liking. They put the basil on after cooking the pizza without giving me a funny look. Try the meatballs! They are scrumptious!Their wings are not so hot, they tend to be on the soggy side. Their salads are huge and delicious and there is something magical in the ranch they use.. I get take out here at least twice a month and they have never done me wrong. They have great lunch specials too.
4	The pizza is really good. Just make sure you're on your A game - like other people have said, there are so. many. rules. I've never caught attitude from an employee, but they've got me terrified.
4	I like Pat's Pizza Plus! Its not the best pizza I have ever had, but its not the worst either. Its just right there in the middle good pizza. The crust is always perfect, that sauce is always delightful. I like to eat in and get a small side salad (while the salad is a bit lacking you get these glorious little rolls made from heaven) Like one yelp-er said, all the off putting signs are a bit much, but I have also witnessed the type of clientele that go in there and have been tempted a few times to bitch slap someone for their oblivious rudeness to the employees of Pat's.
4	People crack me up. When I first learned of Pat's it was via yelp and the reviews on the joint made me think I was about to be dealing with a pizza nazi. That couldn't be further from the truth. So far I've ordered about 5 times and have yet to have any problems, that includes me making a last minute request for blue cheese instead of the standard ranch for our wings.I love this joint! I love 30 wings and a large pepperoni for roughly 23 bucks!Their pizza is good, darn good. It's not the best I've ever had but it ranks up there. What does that mean to you? I don't know, but it's good pizza. The crust has a good taste and the sauce isn't overly sweet or nasty looking. It's good stuff.The wings are fried, as they should be, and the sauce is pretty good. Personally I think it could stand a little more kick but hey, it's still good stuff.The only problem I had was a problem that is pretty typical for a neighborhood pizza joint and that was that the cheesecake we ordered was still partially frozen. We all know that nobody is slaving away making cheesecakes at your typical pizza joint so I wasn't upset that it was frozen, but I was disappointed that I had to let it thaw out. That's it, that's my big complaint. You don't go to this joint for atmosphere, it's like the size of a bedroom in an apartment, you go to pick up your pizza and head home. Maybe you stop in for a slice at lunch or something but to demand atmosphere from such a small joint is silly.Anyways, I love this place!
4	This is not a gourmet spot, so don't expect roasted butternut squash from the local farmers market atop your pizza with a side salad of seasonal greens.If you live in the neighborhood, then you're lucky to have a place like Pats' down the road.The cheese & pepperoni pizzas are solidly delicious and sinfully unhealthy as most pizzas should be. Their pasta dishes are a fantastic value, all coming in under $10. Each pasta meal includes a side salad (iceberg, onion, tomato), garlic bread and a pasta portion big enough for two. The manicotti, baked rigatoni and Chicken Cutlet with spaghetti are all yummy, and like I said, enough for 2 people.Try a side of their homemade meatballs for around $3, you won't be let down.This is not a place where you want to eat at, as it's just a paper napkin plastic utensil, order-at-the-counter type of joint.  I recommend calling your order in, and eating it in the comfort of your own home.Yummy on!
2	Quality control seems to have disappeared here.  The crust is a disaster these days... and they're really slow... 45 minutes is too long to wait for a casual, mom & pop pizza joint.
4	Some of the best pizza I've tasted! The sicilian is yum and it weighs a ton.
1	What a let down! Pizza was 15min late from the 40-45m pickup wait, staff was blah, and when I got home to try the pizza... Totally let down... And ps - the angry crayon written signs all over the place are soooo tacky.
4	Sicilian and standard pizzas were fairly good.  Spaghetti was alright.  Prices were reasonable.  The small family owned feel is obvious, especially with the assinine signs about not taking the magazines and such.  Hardly any seating inside, so plan on takeout.
2	This review is for the Sicilian Pizza, with Pepperoni, Sausage and Basil.  I have to say that I wasn't a fan of this pizza, but I prefer a thin crust pizza.  I still believe the reviews that Pat's Pizza Plus is tasty, and I will order from them again.  I just didn't care for this version of pizza.  If you like Chicago-style pizza, you may enjoy this sort of pie.  I would have liked it better if the crust was thinner and had more sauce, but then again, it wouldn't have been the Sicilian-Style pizza.I will update my review as I try other pies.
3	As promised, I tried the thin crust pizza.  It was better than the Sicilian, but to be honest, I found the crust a little bland and tough. The pizza was ok.
5	I grew up on Pat's Pizza and I can't think of anything else I would have rather eaten for the past 20 years.  Yes, the staff is not usually too friendly, yes, there are signs everywhere telling you what you can and can't do, and yes, they don't like it when you use a debit card.  However, none of that matters once you take a bite of their heavenly NY style pizza.  The smattering of sauce is bright red against the perfectly thin, white crust, and the cheese is loaded with herbs and toppings.  It's not too sweet and not too doughy.  It's consistent and mouthwateringly delicious.PLUS, you can bring your own beer and get too drunk to even see the 1,000 signs bossing you around.I used to live right down the street from Pat's, but now, sadly, I have to drive 22 miles once a month just to get my fix.  It doesn't matter... I'd drive 500 miles for a slice of Pat's.
2	Nice guys, but that doesn't help the pizza taste any better. The slices are reheated in their oven before being served to you, the crust is rock-hard and has a bit of a cardboard taste and their sauce and cheese lack flavor. The portion size is decent, but large portions of subpar food is just more subpar food. Disappointed in the quality, and the fact that they charge you for refills of your drink and nickel and dime you for a small, pre-measured, and awful tasting side of ranch dressing, or other condiment. Not impressed, nor a fan. :-(
5	Not only is the pizza scrumptious their service is great. Pats isn't a chain so it is like a homey pizza haven in Boston. An adorable little shop where you can break bread with sauce and cheese and feel content. Pats Pizza Plus is an outstanding pizza shop that me and my family love!
3	There is nothing fancy about this place or the pizza. The sauce was nothing special and the crust was rather thin and hard. I go because there is a lunch special of 2 slices of plain cheese pizza and a soda for $3. Its fine for a quick meal but nothing spectacular. The people are nice and I am always glad to support local businesses.
4	Let's start by saying I'm not the biggest fan of pizza -highly unusual as a college student, but nevertheless, I have difficulty finding pizza I like.Pat's and I are now new best friends.Their website was down when I called in my order, and the guy on the phone was friendly enough in helping me decide on two pies to order. I got an "everything" and a plain cheese, got it for delivery, to be paid in cash (I thought that was a good way to go with the other reviews...)Complaint - the delivery took a lot longer than expected. Almost an hour. On a week day (not Friday or Saturday). This was kind of irritating, when I was quoted 30 min.But stuff happens. Delivery guy eventually called asking for directions.(Nice gesture, they stuck in a few take-out menus on our box for future use!)I'm from Boston. I'm picky about my pizza. I hate deep-dish doughy crust nonsense. It's just gotta be crispy - it shouldn't be soggy anywhere, and the sauce should be good and tomato-ey without having too much garlic or salt. Semi-sweet. Cheese should be melty and gooey without being glue-y. Pat's hit the mark.Pizzas come in small or large. The crust was lightly floured and crisp all the way through - something that lead me off the bandwagon of Spinato's (Square slices are also just somewhat... odd) While I am begrudged to give a good review for New York pizza, Pat's just made themselves a new customer. Just don't expect me to cheer on the Yankees.
4	I absolutely love this place for a quick no frills cheap lunch.  Two slices and a soda for just over $3 and that pizza is actually good!  the only issue this place has is with parking.  Ever since Paradise Bakery opened in the same complex you usually can't find a parking spot after 11:30.    If you have a chance you should give this locally owned non-franchise spot a try.
5	love pats pizza me and my bf crave it almost every weekend they have a good deal for a large pizza and wings for 22.00 what a deal and the slices are huge wings are tasty and have a really good blue cheese dip mmmmm
4	The inside seating is limited and can get crowded during peak times.  Might need to do some shuffling around to get out if you're in the corner.  The lunch special (11am-2pm) here is really cheap.  You get two cheese pizza slices and a drink for $3.00 + tax.  It's additional if you want to add toppings.
5	This little hole in wall joint never disappoints.  The food is good and the friendly service better.   The prices are reasonable. The pizza and wings special is great. 22 bucks and  some change for a large with 2 toppings and 30 wings!
5	Great Pizza & Wing special. Always
5	BEST NY PIZZA IN AZ HANDS DOWN!!!! I am a huge fan of Buono's in Mesa, but I am now a Pat's Pizza Plus #1 fan....The gentleman at the counter was extremely friendly and gave me a stamp card and menu....The pizza is greasy, but it's sooooo delicious! I asked for Extra cheese and they do not skimp out! It's so fresh and the crust is cooked to perfection! Why would anyone go to places like Papa Johns, Dominos, Pizza Hut when there are delicious hidden gems like this in the valley! Don't waste your time on those changes and support your local businesses! The food is way better anyway!! :-)
5	ORIGINAL REVIEW (updates below)This place is everything you want in a neighborhood Italian restaurant: family-owned, decent, if not giant portions, it's TERRIFIC!Three or four times I've ordered a large Pat's Deluxe.  Pat's Deluxe is a large (I would call this an 18" pizza.  It's really large) thin crust with your choice of 6 items.  I'm a sausage, mushroom and onion kind of gal, with extra sauce and this is like 4 meals!Great flavor, the sauce could be a bit bolder, spicier?, but it's a damn good pizza!  And a damned good value, too.(If a Costco large pie is $10.84, and it is, for a deluxe, pepperoni OR cheese, to spend $20 on a pizza there's gotta be a reason.  Pat's Pizza Plus is one of those reasons.  Go ahead.  Splurge!  This is a good pizza pie!)8/12/12:Two more pizzas since my last:  DELICIOUS!  You get a large (I would call this an 18" pizza. It's really large)  thin crust with your choice of 6 items.  SIX ITEMS!!!!YOU order what you WANT BUT IM GOING BACK FOR THE PATS PLUSDelicousjjjjjjjupdate: 12/15/12Stopped in for lunch intending to buy their lunch special 2 slices and a coke for, I think, $3 (but I could be wrong).  I ended up with an 12 inch Italian sausage sandwich with onions and peppers.  OH MY GOOD GAWD!   THIS IS A GREAT SANDWICH.So, let's review: great thin crust pizza, great lunch special, great, great hot Italian sub.   This is a terrific spot!
4	Do not go into the bathroom. I repeat, do not go into the bathroom.  (There are likely rest stops nicer).  Do go however for awesome pizza and calzones.  They take Pino's Pizza (3rd and Central) and kick their ass.  It is homemade, the crust pops and sizzles.  The marinara served on the side could use a little more oomph, but the slice.  The slice is a thing of beauty.  Oh and a slice will cost you $2.22.  Another thing of beauty.  Ignore the fact that it is a dive, or revel in the fact that it is a dive.  But keep this neighborhood place in the rotation.  There aren't enough mom and pop places out there that we can support.  It's sandwiched between a zoyo and a paradise bakery for cripe's sake.
4	Good little local pizza place.  We got the Twin Tower special which was a 16" 2 topping pizza and 30 wings for 23 bucks.  What was amazing was this pizza was a huge square and a full 16" .. We opted for the thick crust which I really wasn't crazy about but I'm sure many people would love..it was more of a crunchy toasted kinda crust.  Wings were really good and service was very friendly and attentive. I would go back to try the thin crust and some of their specialty pizzas.
1	It was my boyfriends birthday and we were trying to find a new pizza place worthy of us not going to oreganos anymore. And after reading all these reviews, Im wondering if I just went on a bad night? But good restaurants shouldnt have "bad nights" right? Aside from the friendly service over the phone, nothing was worth going back for. My bf is a huge ricotta fan so I decided to order the ny white pizza and some garlic bread. The gentleman over the phone told me 25min and I showed up in 20. Everything was ready and I walked in and out within one minute. I shouldve known instantly that something wasnt right. One thing i love about oreganos is that they show you the pizza before you walk out. When i got in the car and looked at the pizza, the cheese was already crusted solid on top, showing that it had been sitting under a heater for maybe 10min or so. By the time I got home (a few blocks away), my pizza was room temperture, the cheese on top was rock hard and i couldnt taste ANYTHING but GARLIC GARLIC GARLIC. Super disappointing. Back to Oregano's we go....
5	Best pizza in AZ, hands down.
4	Great NY style pizza and wings! My only complaint is that you can't order flats only. My honey and I only like flats so it kind of sucks but it's nice not having to have to order extra crispy wings and still not get soggy wings!Update: We've now been able to order flats only.
3	I've lived within walking distance for over a year and just had the chance to try it when I was treated to an early lunch last Saturday via madre. Two big, thin slices of a cheese pizza and an excellent cannoli for under $6 can't be beat. Mom got her slices with a generous portion of mushrooms for an extra fee and a cannoli for herself. Add in a soda and totaled at just under $12 for a filling, yummy lunch.Must remember this place next time I get pizza and support local business instead of Papa John's!
5	Best pizza in Phoenix! I always get pepperoni, mushroom, and garlic! And they don't skimp on the garlic! Breath is horrible but I love it!! So good!!!!! Keeps me coming back!
4	Want to grab a few slices for lunch; also wanted to try based on a recommendation from a co-worker...I'm glad I did; the slices were great - I cannot wait to try a whole pizza or some of the wings, and pasta!!! I will be back!
2	I have had this in my "to try" list for a long time... not really long enough :(I stopped in for a lunch special...2 slices and a drink for like $4.00 or so... BUT they only accept debit over $5.00 Then make the damn special $5 bucks! I had to add a third slice just so I could eat there. LAMEThe pizza was thin, no sauce and topped nice with cheese. The entire thing was flavorless. NONE not the sauce or the crust. The service was all over the place (not in a good way) the building was roasting hot, and there was an old guy with his Pee Bag hanging out there while eating. (no stars deducted for that)Over all... I doubt I would be back.
1	We always try to find a local business to support and found good reviews on yelp for Pat's Pizza Plus. Geez. I have no idea where the good reviews came from. The pizza had zero sauce on it, it was lukewarm upon pick-up and the salad was being stored on top of the pizza so it was lukewarm as well. We won't be trying this place again. We'll stick with Spinato's!
5	Pat's has the best wings in the valley! Some of my favorite NYC style crust. Everything here is great! Sorry... my fingers are too saucy to type!!!
5	Oh man! How I love me some Pat's! Inexpensive, and crazy tasty. Stop in for a slice of pizza the size of your head for a super reasonable price!
2	I know that this place is a cult favorite for East Coast pizza aficionados, but the experience is disturbing and the workers are less than friendly.  Plus, the place smells like an old grease pit.If you have been stranded on Glendale on the corner of 12th street, and you must find a slice of pizza within the next 2 minutes Pat's is your place.  Otherwise, save yourself the reoccurring nightmare and go somewhere (really anywhere) else.Stetson "The Brand Man" Brandish
1	Meh.pizza was super greasy,cheese was gummy,crust was bland. $60 bucks for 2 pizzas and 24 wings not a good deal at all. Pat's seems to be a staple in the neighborhood but there are wayyyyy better places within a 1 mile radius. Since stumpy's was closed on Sunday we had to resort to Pat's. Never again!
5	LOVE Pat's pizza!!!!!
5	Best pizza I've ever tasted. I love it! The wings are okay, I mostly go there for the pizza. The lunch special is such a deal!! 2 giant slices with 1 or 2 toppings I think and a drink for less than $5. Service is always great, very nice employees and owners. It maybe a tiny hole in the wall pizza joint but it's to die for.
4	Good pizza and wings and very nice people. You can't beat the lunch special for $5.00. I would recommend.
1	10/15/2013: Not going back. Ever. Here's how I rate a pizza: is it better the 2nd day?  Well, I've got good news and bad news.  First, the bad news:I've visited Pat's Pizza about 20 times in the past year (12 St and Glendale Ave, Phoenix) and the food is good.  Not great, good.  A good value, or so I thought.  But CERTAINLY NOT BETTER THE 2ND DAY!But that's not the bad news. The bad news is, I called in an order one night a few weeks ago, and they emphasized that they close at 9 and that I'd have to absolutely be there by 9.  No problem.  But then the guy, with the broad bitching in the background (and I'm not joking), reiterated - AGAIN! That I HAD to be there by 9pm. I got there at precisely 8:54pm, but was horrified to realize, in my haste to "get there by 9pm-NO LATER!, I'd forgotten my wallet.  Sheesh.  Wasn't intentional.But you should have seen, actually seen, the look of horror and disgust on the faces of these two schlubs.  After numerous visits, this guy knew me; the point is, I'm not hustling anyone, if I say I'll come back, I will.There was not a hint of empathy, "it's ok, catch me later", nothing.  Nothing for a regular customer, which is what I was.  I looked at the guy and said something like, "Well, if I HAD to be here by 9, I guess there's no chance I can go home and get my wallet".  Again, looks of disgust.  Silence.  Disgusted slience.   So I said, "It's ok.  It's my mistake.  And I'll never come back".  And I left.But the good news is, because Pat's wouldn't trust me, allow me to pay later for the pizza, I was forced to find a new place...and I did!That's how I found Raffaele's Pizzeria, 7019 N 19th Ave (NE corner, 19th Avenue and Glendale). This is terrific pizza and it's better the 2nd day.  I'll write a separate review for Raffaele's but know that now, for sure, I really never will go back to Pat's.  Assholes just had to get out of there by 9...Way to go Pat's.  How many customers do you have that come in 20 times in 6 months?  I hope you're happy.  I hope you're happy with that horrible woman who looked so disgusted that night.  I hope you're married to that horrible woman.I just wonder what they did with my pizza...
1	R.I.P. Pats Pizza. So sad we have lost our neighborhood eatery to self demise. After eating from Pats for years with an occasional disappointment my last 3 delivery orders have been inedible. Good Bye and RIP.
5	Was heading next store to paradise for a sandwich when I thought I'd try this place instead. I ordered the Italian hoagie toasted with everything. So good! The hoagie took me right back to growing up on the east coast!  Well done Pats your hoagie was perfection. : )
5	I ordered 5 large pizzas for a party I had last weekend and they were great.  I popped in early in the day and placed my order.  The pizzas were hot and ready on time.  We got a variety of pizzas and they were really good.  The spicy chicken pesto was the biggest hit.  Totally perfect for the party.  All my friends were asking about the place I ordered from.  They have awesome wings too.  Plus, everyone that works there is so nice... the type of neighborhood place you always want to order from.
4	We ordered a half sausage half pep and a dinner salad for delivery. It came pretty fast (about 30 minutes) and was still warm, which is a huge plus in my book. The crust is very, very good although I would like a little more sauce. The sausage wasn't your typical crumbled sausage; it was sliced sausage, which tastes slightly different. I was hoping for crumbled sausage but it was still really good! The dinner salad came with two rolls and two dressing containers. I give it 4 starts because the salad was a little lacking. It was lettuce, onion, and tomato; I was hoping for at least a couple of cucumber slices but that's ok. Great place to order from.
1	Decent pizza and wings, not enough though to go back for a second time and deal with their award winning customer service. They nickel and dime you for any little request, I'm surprised he doesn't charge for the use of napkins.... Maybe that's next.
2	I brought a pepperoni pie home from Pat's once and it was completely forgettable. The sauce was average and, like the cheese, not plentiful enough. It wasn't any better cold the next day.
5	Real NY pizza! It is the best slice that I have found outside of NYC. The owners and staff are warm and friendly and take pride in their work. Their lasanga is great as well.I have been a loyal regular for over a year and am so glad I finally walked in to give Pat's a try.You won't be disappointed.
5	This is a small and simple place that happens to make incredible pizza!  The crust is thin and crispy with a flavor that reminds me of Pizza in New York. They offer many specials. I ordered for pick up and it was ready when I got there. They were very nice and I will be having their pizza many times in the future!
1	I hadn't tried Pat's in a while so my boyfriend and I decided to order it this last Saturday night. Unfortunately, it was awful. The sauce was missing!! It just tasted like dough. My boyfriend couldn't even finish it and he is not a picky eater. We will never try Pat's again, especially for the price. I recommend Stumpy's or NYPD. What a waste of money!
4	The best pizza in the area..the delivery driver Andy is awesome, very courteous.i eat pats twice a week if not more.
4	I had forgotten about this place but I worked in the area in my early twenties and some coworkers and I would frequent this place for their awesome lunch specials.  I came here recently while staying  Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak at the for an alternative to the terrible frozen pizza they serve.  Call it in, 8 mins round trip from the hotel. Delicious pizza.
2	My husband and his family have been coming here since 1982. We haven't been here in a few years so we decided to see if it was as great as  he remembered it to be. Well, we were very disappointed. It was not as good as he or I remembered. In the early 80's and 90's this place was good. The pizza was awesome and the inside of the restaurant had some charm. That is definitely not the case now. The pizza was extremely bland and not very flavorful at all. We decided to try the wings but backed out after trying the sauce. It was very vinegary. Seems like the quality of the food has changed and the inside is just like the pizza.......boring. After so many generations of eating at Pats, we will have to say goodbye.
5	I love it. Great crust, not soggy. Great tasting toppings and nice cosy environment to eat in. I haven't tried every pizza out there. But I enjoy the taste every time I get one. That's what counts.
5	The best NY styled pizza anywhere near here I come hear often to get their pizza it's great. I would recommend coming in for lunch they have a great pizza combo for lunch!
