5	Just wanted to add this. Excellent experience today and will be back. More thorough review later.
4	We have already been to Bonfyre twice since it opened.  I was impressed that someone had the guts to open a genuine and unique restaurant in this economy.  Bonfyre is not part of a chain - big plus.  They appear to have a real chef - also a plus.Pros- Good variety in the menu, inexpensive soups, side salads, and desserts, friendly service.  Pleasant atmosphere, nice decor, great location for easy on-off the beltline.Cons- Our food was surprisingly salty, our first server was very inexperienced and made many mistakes - his attitude made up for it though.
4	Decided to go here the other night on a whim, couldn't decide where we wanted to eat and we've seen it tons of times from the Beltline.  Pretty busy when we got there and continued to stay busy while we were there.  Our server wasn't great.  She lacked conversational skills and didn't seem interested in being there.  The menu had great variety and we started with the blue cheese potato chips appetizer and they were great.  I had the ribs and I thought they were good.  We got to sit right by the kitchen and while it was fun watching them cook and feeling the warmth of the fire, it was odd having a ton of servers huddled around waiting for their food.  I liked the decor and ambiance and would definitely like to try it again.
4	Met up with some friends at the Bonfyre with my wife the other night for drinks and dinner and we were not disappointed. To start the atmosphere was wonderful and a much needed addition to the south side of Madison / Fitchburg.  The Bonfyre was clean and we immediately felt welcome.After having a drink at the bar with our friends (a couple of them thought the bar staff was rude, but I did not see it) we were seated in the private dining area where the service was great.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable of their menu and friendly.  We ordered a cheese platter as well as the cajun quesadilla for appetizers and both were good.After much debate we finally ordered our meals.  I settled on a 8 oz. filet mignon with the peppercorn sauce and the steak was surprisingly delicious.  Possibly one of the better steaks I have had in Madison (If you read some of my other reviews, i have a hard time finding good steak in Madison). My wife decided to just try the margarita pizza and she enjoyed it (not really up to par with a place that specializes in pizza but...duh).  I even had a taste and thought it was what it was...a pizza at a place that does not specialize in pizza.Overall we had a great time, loves the atmosphere, and enjoyed the food very much.  I found it odd that the restrooms were outside the restaurant and shared with the sub shop located next door but, oh well.  We will be returning to the Bonfyre in the future.
5	I went to Bonfyre with a group of  friends. The people seated in the tables that could fit our group were taking a long time finishing their meals, causing our group to wait about 45 minutes past our reservation time to be seated. The manager and staff went above and beyond to apologize for our wait.  The manager himself bussed the table when it was ready and gave us some complimentary appetizers for our trouble.  It was by far the best customer service I've ever had at a restaurant in Madison.  We also all enjoyed the food, which is a nice variety of American contemporary fare.  The prices were reasonable, and the entree sizes were perfect- not too big, not too small.  I recommend the Ahi Tuna entree and the Blue Cheese chips for an appetizer.  Overall, it was a great experience.  Very friendly/accomodating staff and tasty food!  I will certainly be back!
5	I went with a group of 6.  We had reservations for 7pm for only 5 individuals.  We got a spot by the bar waiting for the next table to clear and be able to seat our increased guest list.  We waited and were constantly being checked up on by the manager who told us the details of what was going on.  Eventually, at 7:45pm we were seated to a table the manager was busing (the restaurant was packed and its wait staff was very busy) and the manager gave our group 3 free appetizers to apologize for our wait.The food was great and the service was even better.  I recommend this restaurant to everyone.  It was a great experience and the atmosphere was great as well.
2	We made a reservation at Bonfyre for 6:30 p.m. last evening through Open Table.  We arrived about 15 minutes early, intending to have a drink at the bar, which is actually quite handsome.  However, we were quickly shown to a table, menus placed in our hands, and were asked within 30 seconds if we were ready to order.  Umm...no?  I'd like my drink first.  Comes back 2 minutes later, sans drinks, asking to take our orders.  Um..still no?  Comes back with drinks...but hmmm.... I can tell that we're going to be rushed to get this table turned over as quickly as possible, and I'm getting pissed off.  We order, but they're out of steaks at 6:30 on Valentine's Day.  Ok, I order something different, while the waiter stands over me waiting for me to make a choice.It's not an exaggeration that our server was at our table literally 8 times during the course of a 45-minute meal.  I counted. The kicker was asking me if he can take our plates while I still have a fork in my hand.  WTF???From what I saw of the restaurant as we were herded in and out, it's a great-looking space.  I just wish we'd had an opportunity to enjoy it.
4	Great new restaurant! The food was delicious, BBQ rotisserie chicken & hanger steak, I'd recommend both as they were cooked wonderfully! The portion size is just right too. The beer & wine list is pretty good too, a bit pricy but has some good selections to it. We went on a Saturday evening, so if you don't have reservations you aren't getting in; good thing it's easy to make online reservations on Open Table! The atmosphere is trendy(ish) so dressing up is probably in order, not fancy but nice!One note, try not to sit in front of the fireplace as it can get pretty hot. Unless you get cold easy, then by all means!!
4	Wow, this place has great food! Went here for lunch today, it was my first time eating there and I was completely impressed. The truffle french fries were great, especially the garlic sauce for dipping them in. Had the butternut squash soup which was great (although it did come with cut up apple pieces in it, and I would have preferred it without). Had the rotisserie chicken wrap with gouda cheese, bacon, mixed greens and carmelized onions. It was so good!Totally recommend this place!
4	I went on a busy Saturday night with my husband.  We didn't call to make a reservation until just before we left... got in at 8:45 -- our fault for not calling.  We showed up early to enjoy the bar, crowded but still comfortable.  Excellent drinks (you could actually tell there was alcohol in them!)  We got a table earlier than 8:45 and sat down.  We were happy to see the pricing was reasonable.  The only downside the whole evening was that the dining room was as loud as the bar -- but we were still impressed with the FOOD.I had the squash soup (OHHH SOOO GOOOD) and my husband had the house salad (excellent) (both only $2 to add to our entrees).  I ordered the special of the evening, mixed grill and got to taste 3 separately delicious dinners -- generous portion for the $18 pricetag.  Fish with an excellent sauce, sausage and creamy polenta, and some rotisserie chicken.  All excellent, when I go back I'll probably get the rotisserie chicken - YUM. My husband had the hanger steak.  It had a guijilla (sp?) sauce that he loved and the meat was tender and deliciously prepared. ($18? as well)We loved it and can't wait to return with some friend for an evening out (just don't forget the reservation!)
5	Bonfyre was absolutely delicious! My friend and I went when we were just hanging out one day for lunch, and it was awesome. We got an appetizer, which was great, the brochette variety, and each had yummy meals. It was a little more pricey than, say, Panera, but it was worth a little more. We made a reservation for lunch, it was extremely necessary, but there wasn't any wait. Definitely want to go back!
3	Our first time here for valentines day was excellent. The second time was not however. Therefore it gets 3 stars. I made my reservation on opentable and requested a booth. Well, that didn't happen and nothing was done for my gf's birthday. Kind of odd. We'll be going back for sure. The food is excellent but the service was lacking the second time around. Maybe we hit it on a bad night.
5	Good shrimp ap with a real nice spicy kick. For about 20 bucks less then flemmings or ruth crist my friend and I got to amazingly good steaks.  Next time I come to Madison I'm eating here again.
2	Brunch... what a disappointment. You know, the food was good for the most part, and the selection was rich and plentiful - but the food was slightly below room temperature... all of it, even the cut of roast beef under the heating lamp. That cut of beef was also the most disappointing part of the meal as it was very tough and very chewy... not appetizing at all. Everything else seemed to have potential, but at room temperature, it's just flat and disappointing. The OJ is served in a glass with ice - everywhere I go for breakfast, the OJ is cold in a glass w/out ice. I think their OJ was out of a gun. My friend complained that there was too much ice in his drink as well. Service was adequate, empty plates were cleared in a timely fashion,  and all requests for extra items were tended to immediately. Other than that, I'm going to pass on this place for brunch... certainly not worth $15 a pop if you can't even manage the food temperature correctly. Oh, and the flies... those flies were aggressive and bothersome. I understand it happens at most restaurants at one time or another, but at a place of this caliber, I expect a bit more than having to swing my napkin around like I'm at a Greek wedding.You know, after writing my Mickies Dairy Bar review, I realized that for the price of an expertly prepared breakfast, granted amid chaos, the bill for my wife, my son, and myself at Mickies came to about $17. The breakfast was hearty, well prepared, and left everyone satisfied. The OJ was fresh, the chocolate milk is amazing, and the coffee does the job. For $15 (not including drinks), you get as many goes as you want at the buffet. The only problem is that the food is not hot, doesn't seem particularly fresh as a result, and in comparison to Mickies, really not that good. Sure, you can sit in a plush booth, with modern accents, in a restaurant with a sleek design, but that's really all your paying for. There really is no comparison when at the end of the meal, the bill for just me at Bonfyre is equal to the bill for my family at Mickies... and that's not even taking quality into account.
5	Loved it!  The vibe in this place is awesome.  Interesting interior and decor.  The food was moderately priced with more than enough.  You will be goin home with extras.  Give it a shot.  I think you'll like it.
2	This review is based on only one visit, but I don't think we'll try it again.  I think the biggest issue was the service.  We waited quite a while before a waitress even arrived to fill our water glasses.  She made a couple of other brief stops later, but that was it.  Not especially friendly and not too concerned about our party of two.  The food was ok.  I had the house salad and the pork tenderloin.  It was super salty.  My dining companion had the Caesar salad and the fettuccine alfredo.  He was pretty happy with his entree.  They do have a good assortment of beers and quite a few wines by the glass.The decor is pretty nice.  Everything is very polished in a Cheesecake Factory/PF Chang's kind of way.  The place is also quite large, so I doubt there is ever a terrible wait.  I do like that they use Open Table for reservations.
2	Had a late-evening dinner on a Saturday.The atmosphere was cool, but our food was only okay. I had a petite tenderloin and the rest of my party had BBQ Chicken.My main problem came with dessert. The waiter brought a tray of single-portion desserts to the table, explained each one, left spoons, told us the price, said we could eat what we wanted and walked away leaving the desserts at the table for us to stare at. We didn't eat any. He came back, took the dessert away, and returned it the kitchen. I could only assume that the same tray would be offered up at his next table. GROSS. I probably wouldn't eat here again and would definitely avoid dessert.
2	Checked this place out on a Sunday evening (630p) for a dinner date.  She was taking me out and she picked the place.  Entering the restaurant I was impressed by the smell of the wood burning oven. As mentioned in a different review, the atmosphere reminded me of a PF Changs.  Service from the start was professional, but only that.  I generally like to have a feeling that they're grateful to have us... but nothing went beyond, "by-the-book professional"  We ordered a couple glasses of wine and our dinner.  I chose the fish tacos (grilled) and she ordered a southwest chicken salad.   My date asked for some help on selecting her salad and was given the simple answer, "they're all very good."   Lame.The wine arrived nearly 10 minutes later and almost immediately followed by our food.   For it being 630pm, I felt like we were being rushed... except for the tardy wine service.  I couldn't have been more disappointed with my fish tacos.  I could tell that there was definitely some care put into making my food, and I think my major complaint begins with the menu and recipe.  If you're going to serve an item differently than how it's typically prepared, then it should be important to mention it on the menu!  As follows:"Fish tacos.  Fried or grilled, served with a black bean salad"  The tacos were ruined by some sort of zingy southwestern sauce that was liberally used and totally dominated any other aspect of the item.  Fish tacos are generally basic with a couple simple ingredients. You might say that I'm being overly picky with how my food is prepared and that I should've known to order something other than fish tacos in an American Grille restaurant and this is true, very true.   But again, if you're going to stray away from the traditional recipe, at least make it taste good!  And mention something about it on your menu!   I like smaller entrees and that was something that was positive about the food.  Although, when small entrees don't get finished, there is probably something wrong. Last thoughts:  It irritates me when a restaurant pops up out of nowhere and spends a lot of money on atmosphere and then fails to concentrate on the most important part of a restaurant, the kitchen.  Everything in the world could have gone wrong, but if there is true talent developing your recipes/menu,  you can expect me to be happy.
4	We had dinner last night (Monday) and had a short wait. I had the herb chicken which was excellent. My wife had mushroom risotto which was good but rather bland without the addition of ckn or shrimp. Service was good with fair prices. I'll be going back very soon. A must see!
3	I work near Bonfyre and have now been there a few times - twice for dinner and a few times for drinks.  I would give it 5 stars for atmosphere - I love the feel of it and even though it is always busy, I think it still has a great feel.  I ate the Ahi Tuna salad, which I thought the tuna was awesome and the salad portion was just good.  I also have had the Jambalya and thought it wasn't anything great. I felt like I was eating something I easily could have created at home.  My husband ate the Pat's Cioppino and thought it was decent.  He appreciated the gluten-free options since he eats gluten-free.  However, they do not have any gluten-free dessert options, so that seemed a bit strange to me since they have gluten-free apps and dinners.  The drinks are great and the bartenders seems to be really on top of things.
4	We ate there yesterday for the first time. My husband ordered fish tacos and I had the five shrimp with sticky rice. He loved his dish. The fish had a nice, slightly spicy sauce on them. It was Mahi Mahi. The shredded veggies were also just perfect. He said he would order it again. I also liked the dish I had. The asparagus was delightful. The rice section was very bland, but our waitress brought some soy sauce for me. This improved everything. I would just ask for soy sauce when ordering this dish again. I would order it again. We also shared a small dessert in a glass. It was boston cream pie. Very tasty. I was happy they had the nice, little desserts. Anything else would have been too much. It was perfect. We will definitely go back. The prices were very reasonable.
4	Well, despite not being able to check-into this place for some odd reason, I went here with my family for my mom's birthday celebration! It was really really nice. There is not a lot of parking so be careful and also if you need to park elsewhere, be careful where you park. You walk in through these massive doors where you are greeted by the hostess' to take you to your seat. Because we had a reservation we were seated immediately. They have nice wood-like tables and some pretty comfy leather chairs as your seating. The decor is pretty nice but a bit bland in my opinion. They seemed to just put their logo wherever they could fit it with one little decoration above the kitchen window that was pretty nice. They do have fireplaces, and being called Bonfyre, you might expect they would haha! The food was pretty good and reasonably priced but a little pricey for some of the simpler things like a wrap or a sandwich. Drinks? Expensive... Very... no matter what you get, from PBR to Champagne it was just weirdly expensive. Everyone had seemed to hype this place up a lot which in my opinion was... respectable but not entirely as "Miraculous" as it was made out to be. It almost made me think of P.F. Chang's. It just sort of seems like one of those places that is new and exclusive but pushing to be a chain. The one thing I do respect was their menu, which our server informed us is changed slightly every two months. This was impressive because it means you could have a different experience every time you go and I like that... A LOT. Exterior? Bland with tinted windows which makes it difficult to see if the place is busy or worth going. It is also located off the belt-line in Madison which makes it a nice eye-catcher but nothing to see except the sign. This is def. a place to return but not as exciting as I would have hoped.
5	Every time I've been here, the food has been great! My husband likes the steaks. My sister loves the pizza.  The rotisserie chicken is juicy and flavorful! I normally don't order desserts at restaurants, but I can never pass on dessert here...there are a variety of inexpensive perfectly portioned desserts in large shot glasses that you absolutely have to try, so don't forget to save room for dessert!
4	Went with a fairly large party and the food and service was excellent.   The table set up made it impossible to hear anyone other then the person directly next to you.  Others in the group also commented on the noise level.  The food rates an A+ with special kudos for the chicken parmigian.
3	If it had been about 20 degrees cooler (okay, about 40 degrees cooler) I probably would have really enjoyed the outdoor patio with a firepit.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy the ambiance in the air conditioned indoors.  Wide, tall windows let in a lot of natural light and the wood tables and high celings offer a modern feel.  The menu didn't have a huge variety for vegetarians (flat bread pizzas $10/14 or a veggie sandwich -$9.50).  I opted for the sandwich, which ended up being more of an open-faced flatbread with stacked veggies and (a bit too much) cheese.  Definitely a knife and fork sort of an entree,  no picking this puppy up! We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, which was good and had a little spice to it, but also didn't seem to have quite enough substance for my taste.  It seemed a bit thin and more liquidy; I guess I'm used to more hearty spinach dips.  The table still enjoyed it, so WHEW for that.  The rest of our group had the ribs (1/2 slab was plenty - $18) and the rotisserie chicken ($14) -- both of which were hits.  Overall, I liked the atmosphere more than the food, meaning I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  The service was good, and I definitely appreciated the server's honesty about the size of the cheese board and making other suggestions that were more appropriate for our group!
2	I have been to Bonfyre a few times.  Most recently for the restaurant week promotion.  I was very disapointed.I made a reservation for 2, and prior to being seated we sat at the bar for a drink.  The drinks were great and service was awesome.  We were then seated promptly.  My date and I decided to get an entree off the menu and try the promotion and split all the food to get a good variety.The $25 food promotion for an appetizer, entree, and dessert was quite the rip off.  We settled for chips with guac because nothing else seamed appealing.  NOTE that none of the items listed on the promotion list were on the normal menu.  The chips were nothing special and the guac was not very good.  For the entree we had teryiaki beef skewers.  They were good, although 1 skewer had very under cooked meat.  It was raw but warm.  We sent it back and the server was very kind.  For dessert they skimped on the size and variety.  Again for the promotion, I would think the restaurant would want to push for the customer to be in OMG mood about the food to come back.  It seems as if they went cheap for some reason and I don't even feel like I got $25 worth of food.  This makes me never want to go back.  Especially when my check didn't have a price break for the raw food I was served.I went to two other restaurants during the week with the same promotion and was amazed.
4	Fabulous restaurant!  I've been here countless times and have had a great experience each time.  I would definitely recommend their crab cakes and their specialty drink, The Miami Ice.  The interior is trendy and definitely a good setting for anything from a group of people getting together or a couple having a date night.
3	The atmosphere was nice, dark, and the booth was cozy. My friends wanted steak, and both ordered theirs medium-rare. Unfortunately both steaks were rare - so red it made me uncomfortable to watch them eat it! My lobster ravioli was alright, not spectacular for being one of the most expensive things on the menu. I don't think the meal was worth the $200+. I don't think I'll be back here.
3	You know, for the location, ambiance, price, and service, they really set you up to expect top notch food.I went here for lunch and had the Pork Loin lunch special.  I opted for the "asian cole slaw", over the bonfyre mashed potatoes.  The cole slaw was super delish!  but, it was the side-dishThe pork loin consisted of four small strips of pork.  It was moderately tender, moist but, a bit over cooked.  The portion was just ridiculously small.  I do appreciate American portions are over-sized and you get smaller portions for lunch and at good restaurants but, this was just cheap.It was served on a bed of slimy, overcooked greens that were so salty, they tasted like they were cooked in brine.  The black bean marmalade/salsa was good but, it was literally a couple of spoon fulls.
4	I got together with a group of friends on a Wednesday night. It was relatively busy but we got a table quickly. Those seats are first come, first serve. So we lucked out. I have been here before and had to wait. Appetizer: Truffle Fries- I thought these were good but not amazing, I have had the Blue Chips before which I preferred. Main Course: I had the Gnocci with chicken. It was a large helping but was a little overloaded with vegetables and sauce. I would have like to have more pasta rather than a hearty helping of sauce and veggies. Desert: Even though we ordered no dessert, the waitress upsold me pretty good. I am a sucker for sales habits like that. After she brought a cheesecake mousse and set it in front of me with different kinds of cookies or candy crushed into them. For $2.50 it was a heck of a deal and I promptly choose the one made with Oreo. Beverages: Our table shared a bottle of Louis M. Martini Cabernet Sauvignon from 2009. I then ordered a Brandy Old-fashioned Sweet. They muddled the orange and cherry at the bottom  (my preferred method) with two blue cheese olives. Service: The service was great. We had a young lady named Kate who was incredibly helpful and very knowledgeable of both the beverage list and menu. I would recommend this place to anyone, and is quite convenient being right of the beltine in Madison.
4	This was our first visit to Bonfyre.  Definitely won't be our last.  Relatively new place which we pass by almost everyday and always say, we have got to try that place sometime.  Finally we did and for Madison, a great visit.      Since we were here for lunch on a sort of Friday (3-9-12) errand run escape we will have to experience dinner before I add another star, but if our visit is any indicator the Bonfyre seems headed for many 5 star quality ratings.  What a pleasant escape it turned out to be.      Our waiter was 5 star anywhere.  He obviously not only knew the menu completely but could converse down to all ingredients going into any dish we inquired about.  And we did have several questions. It is so nice to get an educated wait staff, so nice. This is how I learned how the Butternut-Squash soup was prepared and Oh, what flavor, already worth the trip. With tiny apple and red pepper bits floating in the almost clear totally reduced broth,  wow! try some! My entree was the grilled Jumbo Shrimp (5) on sticky rice with cooked veggies of the day and asian slaw, excellent!  Yumm!  The shrimp's seasoning  was excellent.  Needless to say there was nothing left on my plate at luncheons end.  The coffee was also very good, not like the usual brown water fare severed almost everywhere else.         The Ms. had Mort's Pot Roast with spinach, wine glaze, shiitakes, garlic and baby carrots, plus, some asparagus added, must be that time of the year?  Loved it!  She also enjoyed the coffee. All the while our waiter, (curse me for not recalling his name), was taking excellent care of us and did his duty to describe the luscious sounding deserts, we just didn't have the space.  This waiter was so good he could have talked about the food there for an hour and been entertaining and informative.  I guess we are lucky to live in a college town that has this caliber of people roaming around with their own storehouse of knowledge to disseminate.      So of course we will return for dinner and hopefully run into the same great wait staff and be wowed again with excellent tasting food.       Now other yelpers have had a lesser experience than I if one reads the Bonfyre  reviews, however I'm going to attribute this to a long slough of correct sizing the staff at any restaurant business.  That can be hard to do anywhere.  We will be visiting the Bonfyre again soon. $$ are okay for this quality of service and cuisine, give the Bonfyre a try, get off the beltline at Todd Drive and do yourself a favor, enjoy a great meal.
4	Have eaten here three times. Wood-fired dishes are quite good, especially the chicken--steaks not that great. The squash soup was excellent the first time I had it, but tasted inappropriately sweet the next. The cioppino is the best I've had anywhere. Unlike Louisianne's, which adds pasta, this is a wonderful, thick tomato-based broth  with lots of fresh seafood and that's it. I'll be back for the cioppino. Kind of noisy. Looks like a good singles spot.
4	The brunch on Sundays is legit as it can get.  The combination of the creamy breakfast potatoes and the chicken (with real smoke flavor) make you want to go home and take a nap because the odds are slim that anything in the next 3-4 hours of your life will be better.One thing I never understood - this place is cold as heck.  Maybe it's just in the mornings when the building hasn't heated up yet?
5	Best brunch in Madison and spectacular Bloody Marys. Lunch and dinner fare is tasty. Love the atmosphere, large number of big screens, and big beer selection.
4	What a difference some time has made! I've returned to Bonfyre several times since the unfortunate visit the prompted my first review, and the service has greatly improved. Anything that's a bonfyre creation has been delicious, and I'm pleased that I can now go in not prepared to do battle!
2	Went Saturday night.  Ordered three Starters.  Maytag blue cheese Potato Chips, Coconut Curry Mussels, and Crispy Seafood.1. The Chips.  Don't know what kind of blue cheese was on them, but it sure wasn't Maytag.  Other than that, they were ok.2. Coconut Curry Mussels.  First bowl came out, second mussel in is broken.  Proceeded to pull out 10 broken mussels in a row.  Sent back.  New bowl comes out, first, second, third mussels broken.  Needless to say, sent back.  (If it was my restaurant, I'd fire whoever sent those mussels out.  You  NEVER serve broken mussels!  They should have never even made it into the cooking pot!!)3. Crispy Seafood.  SUPER!
3	Pretty good brunch. Quite pricey for dinner. The peach mimosa was awesome.
2	Kind of mediocre to be honest considering the prices.If you have a pizza speciality with a special grill, why do you offer fish and steak? Furthermore, why is the steak so dxpensive for what it is? Just makes no sense to me.It feels like Applebees for everything other than what uses the pizza oven.At least the service and drinks come quick?Notice how there are TVs there for sports games.So, is it an upscale Applebees or a low grade fine dining establishment?It is Madison, a college town, in the middle of Wisconsin.I'll skip this place unless I'm looking for a thin pizza with a beer. Even then, is $13 for that really worth it?
3	There are a lot of reviews for this restaurant so I will just give my opinions on the foods I tried on my one visit.  The service was good, we were there early so it was not very busy.  I went with a friend and we shared a number of things.  Seems like everything had too much flavor or not enough flavor.  For the salads, I had the house salad, it was supposed to have Greek dressing but the dressing did not have much flavor, the salad was a bit disappointing.  The Caesar salad, however, was one of the things I thought was very good.  The side Caesar salad was also quite a bit bigger than the side house salad.  The BBQ ribs were disappointing to me, certainly not tough but not really fall off the bone, and a little too spicy.  The pot roast was okay, tender and good quality meat but not spectacular - I found myself wanting to add salt - it was supposed to have mushrooms with it but they were very minimal, the red wine sauce was just a little underflavored to me.  The artichoke orzo was also in the category of not as flavorful as I had hoped it would be.  The mashed potatoes were excellent, just right!  We tried two of the desserts, those little cups of cheesecake-like mooshy stuff - we tried the red velvet which was awesome, and the key lime which was also very good.  So that's what I tried here!  I'd go back....if someone else was paying!
5	Madisonians are picky about brunch - and clearly they don't know that Bonfyre has brunch from 10-2 on Sundays.  It's one of the best breakfasts in Madtown.  Quiet, big booths.  Incredible low prices on ginormous portions.  I've gone back 2x in two weeks, and have been telling all of my friends to make it a priority for their next brunch.  Also their Bonfyre potatoes are cheesy-hashbrowns with spices and onions and I'd go to brunch just to eat a plate of those.  Twice I've had the Cluck and Oink (rotisserie chicken and bacon (or sausage).  It comes with the potatoes and eggs, fresh fruit, and bread.  I've had days worth of leftovers and loved every bite.
4	Maybe I went on a good day, but Bonfyre seemed "on fire" to me.  First off the Maytag blue cheese chips were awesome.  They were made more awesome by liberally sprinkling hot sauce over the chips to counter balance the blue cheese.  I will definitely consider making these for my Superbowl party, I'll tell you that.  Plus, my $10 lunch special, an amazing pot roast with mashed potatoes and asparagus was right on - an incredible deal for $10.  I went for lunch, but could easily see this be a happening place at night for happy hour or for dinner.
5	okay...it's been quite a while since my last review.  I appreciate the owner feedback and had meant to get back sooner.  Again, I came for lunch with a coworker and I must say the food was very, very good.  As was the service.I'll start with the service, first.  We got there about 20 minutes before noon.  This was good as the place started to really fill shortly after we were seated.  The hostess was friendly and seated us right away.  The waiter arrived shortly and was very polite.  He clearly new the menu, ingredients, and great recommendations.   My only complaint, if I had one, would be maybe a little TOO much attention.  It wasn't bad - not "hover-bot" but, put it this way, we KNEW he was paying attention to us and wanted us to enjoy the food.  No, I did NOT tell him I was reviewing the food.  I observed similar treatment at other tables.  Service was also classy, always serving and addressing my female coworker first.Food choices - I had the Jambalaya and my colleague had the barbecue chicken platter.  Unlike my previous experience, the portions were sized very nicely for lunch.  We both finished but, barely.  At another restaurant, I might have left some food behind but, it was too yummy.  The flavors, peppers, spice in the Jambalaya were very well balanced though, a bit on the "low heat" side for me.  That said, the server offered, before I even asked, to provide a variety of pepper sauces, which I took him up on.And, my biggest pet peeve in a restaurant?  NEVER NEVER NEVER make a customer WAIT TO PAY!  The waiter's timing was very appropriate, friendly, and even inviting us to stay after paying the check.  Prices were quite reasonable.A really nice experience.  Will definitely come back.  Nice Job.Hint:  Plan on showing up EARLY and, if you have ANY size of a group, make a reservation.
5	Went with friends on a Friday night. Busy but not bad. Ordered the 8 oz filet medium rare. Steak was fantastic, and cooked closer to rare than medium and served Oscar style. Great service, great  food, will be back again.
5	well....I had been wanting to get back here for another experience, given the contrast of my previous visits...yet with hope restored from how much I enjoyed my past visit...but, had to wait for them to recover from the unfortunate fire in the kitchen vent system...that they have...we came here for a postponed work holiday party.  we were a fairly small party, coming in on a Tuesday evening.  I called ahead for reservations, which were taken politely.  I was told we'd have no problem getting in.  Which, despite my own error of one hour, was true...we arrived an hour earlier than I had understood and were still promptly attended to.As before, the service was quite good.  We were attended to by a completely different person...actually, a couple of very attentive people.  Nice to see the service was consistent across folks.  Again, nice to see the women at the table addressed first.  You know, I don't consider myself 'conservative' but, I was raised to hold doors for women, and to allow them to go first.  I think it's a nice tradition and it preserves a charming, though not trite, respect for a past time when manners and civility towards our fellow citizen mattered.  Refreshing in this day of so much negativity and vitriolic disregard of our fellow citizens.....though...I digress....  Suffice it to say, I liked the service :)We ordered an array of hors d'oeurves which were delivered quite promptly, and just as promptly eaten.  They were nicely presented (quesadillas and crab cakes) and tasty.  The quesadillas are quite a nice size portion.  Crab cakes can serve two people (one if you're greedy).For dinner, I had the Ahi Tuna...and it was INCREDIBLE!  Company had dishes including the scallops, steak, 1/2 rack of ribs, and walleye.  All were well respected and consumed though, the walleye fish fry was reported to be a bit bland, on the batter side.  Scallops and ribs were enthusiastically devoured by, apparently people we thought we knew but who, in reality, turned out to be ravenous Velociraptors when presented with tasty treats for eats...any English majors out there want to tackle the grammar on that sentence?  :PAll in all...it was a very nice evening.  Friendly, professional, and attentive service, yummy food, and a nice ambiance.Hint:  In the winter, when the darkness sets on early in the evening, if you sit in the front of the restaurant facing the windows...expect to have glaring headlights regularly swirling in and out of your vision as cars pull in, and exit the parking lot.  I think this was a bit exaggerated by the frosted glass.  Simple remedy, ask to NOT sit at the windows.  Also, during really cold evenings...it can be a little chilly next to the glass.
4	YUM! The fish stew is delicious and I'm the first one to crinkle my nose at the mention of fish stew. It was full of flavor and spice and tons of shrimp, scallops, shrimp, and other tasty morsels. The waitress was friendly and fast, the wine complimented the meal perfectly. The atmosphere was dimly lit and intimate...until we had people sitting next to us on the long bench/table wall. If you do go there, try and get a booth or a table of your own if you don't want to overhear everyone else's conversations around you.
4	I've never had a bad experience here.   Food, especially their soups, are very good.  I recently planned to meet some friends here but misjudged their lack of parking.  I don't mind walking in the summer, but in the winter you can freeze your butt off..but once inside, it's well worth it!
4	I have dined here on several occasions for lunch and dinner and I have walked away happy every time. This isn't the place to go if your looking for creative or innovative fine dining. The best words I could use to describe the food is upscale bar food. Flat breads, Burgers, Salads, Rotisserie Chickens they have it all. Everything is reasonably priced and you can get in and out pretty quickly without spending a fortune.
3	I've been to Bonfyre quite a few times since they opened...and each time it's slipped a little bit.  Their butternut squash soup used to be amazing...now it's watered down with much less flavor and a grainier texture.  Their blue cheese chips appetizer also used to be better...kettle cooked crunchy chips with big chunks of blue cheese, now it's more mushy and less chunks of blue cheese.What saves this place is the bar...it's large, open, great to people watch and the bartenders are always great.  A great spot to see and be seen, but I only go here anymore for drinks and appetizers (their margherita pizza is delish).  It's definitely slipped since it originally opened!
5	Cute cute place with good food! Surprising since it's on the first floor of an office building but I'm not judging by the cover;)We had the cheese fondue as an appetizer which was so so good!!! The Mahi entree I had was a little more rare then I'd like but it was a good new experience. I loved the asian cabbage slaw and the sticky rice was divine. There was sauce on the mahi and on the plate but it was not overwhelming at all. They know what they are doing there! I would TOTALLY go back again!!!
4	The jambalaya is great!  As is the pot roast.
5	Great... the Chicken Parmesan tastes awesome. The atmosphere is perfect. I love "The Beacon" which is their sort of quiet lounge area they have separate from the main restaurant. Staff is awesome and great management team. They care about their Customers! Keep up the great service Bonfyre!
5	Have been here many times and we love the food.  Consistently good food and service, and their take out service is fast.  The butternut squash soup is amazing and the flatbreads are big enough for two to share.  For appetizers try the truffle fries and the coconut curry mussels, you will likely not be disappointed.  Their menu changes occasionally, so the Bahn Mi which I enjoyed is gone but in place are tacos that leave you satisfied.
4	This will be a somewhat atypical review, as my experience didn't include eating/drinking in the primary dining area. We had a group of approximately 15 and reserved the "back room" for our event.If you're looking for a place to host a nice, intimate party (say for a smallish rehearsal dinner, or a work celebration, or a larger birthday meal), consider booking this room. I'm guessing that with the proper configuration, the room could easily hold 40-45 people.The room was set-up for us with the tables shaped in a large "U" so that we could all talk and share updates about projects and work efforts. We were assigned three servers, all of whom were absolutely spectacular - water glasses NEVER went empty, and as soon as a drink, be it a soda/tea/beer/wine/mixer was near empty, they were asking if you'd like another.Their tap selection includes 16 offerings, nearly all were craft brews. Bottle selection was decent and included a fair amount of European options. I didn't browse the wine section, so I can't comment on it.We ate from a limited menu. Appetizer options included: dinner salad with Kalamata olives, balsamic, feta, and veggies or  their signature butternut squash soup with granny smith apples.I chose the soup and was surprised that it was fairly sweet tasting. It was tasty; slightly velvety, and the apples were still crisp when the soup first arrived, a pleasant surprise.The dinner entree options included: rotisserie chicken with mashers and garlic green beans, glazed salmon with risotto, a "deconstructed" lasagna, or a gluten-free/vegan dish that was made with quinoa and veggies. At the suggestion of a coworker who has been to Bonfyre many times prior, I chose the chicken, and am glad that I did. I'm not normally a fan of bone-in chicken, but this had a ton of smokey flavor and was incredibly tender without having a bunch of cartilage or connective tissue to deal with. The garlic mashers were excellent, and the sauteed green beans with garlic were superb. As mentioned, the service was fantastic throughout the entire night. The room was also very comfortable; they dimmed the lighting and adjusted the music level so that we felt "at home" and could talk easily amongst ourselves. After we wrapped-up the meeting, a small group of us enjoyed a final cocktail at the main dining room's bar. The bartender was prompt and friendly; the drinks were extremely reasonable. I'll be back for a "normal" meal.
4	The smell of the "bonfyre" every time I drive by is an enchanting scent trail, that practically lures me off my feet to the door in a cartoon-esque fashion.  Ok, maybe I just LOVE smoky anything, but it is really wonderful.  I have not eaten much for here because their BBQ chicken is wonderful.  It is super juicy and smoky and saucy.  It is so good (and I am so boring) that I doubt I will ever try anything else.
4	I've only been to Bonfyre once for lunch with a colleague.  Best fish tacos ever!!  I'd recommend asking for rice & black beans on the side instead of the side presented with the fish tacos.  Service was prompt, polite & attentive.
2	THE "GOOD" (well, really "meh"):  Big portion sizes.  The slaw accompanying my sister's tacos was zippy and somewhat tasty.  The summer vegetable risotto was creamy and well-textured. THE BAD: We started off on the wrong foot right when we got in the door.  We arrived at 2 pm, and the host was not there to seat us.  Completely understandable, given the late hour.  However, the F.O.H. peeps should be trained to greet people when they come in the door--hello?!  Restaurant basics 101!  We stood there for a while, and the bartender looked up at us but did not acknowledge our presence in any way.  A waiter walked by, but did not say anything.  "Hi! Someone will be right with you."  Come on, folks--does that burn too many calories?!THE UGH-LY:  1) The thunderous jazz music. Seriously, do you REALLY want to hear jazz musicians riffing endlessly (and deafeningly) on "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" while you try to have a conversation over lunch???  2) Texture aside, the flavors of the lovely vegetables in the risotto were completely overwhelmed by the pound of garlic that smacked me in the mouth on first bite.  3) My sister and I both were completely confused by the Korean beef tacos.  First, we were expecting something resembling a bulgogi marinade, but this was more like a sweet/fishy/cloying/not-very-tasty-something-or-other that was completely overpowered by the vegetables, to which I am awarding the RAZZIE for this meal.  The veggies were in a vinegar-based dressing that DID NOT BEHAVE WELL IN PUBLIC: in essence, the tacos peed all over the plate and the eater.  The vegetables themselves were cut in THE MOST INTERESTING array of sizes, from thin slices to chunks of cucumber bigger than my thumb.  And the flavors were--shall we say--discordant?  At war with each other?  4) The hefty check for an all-around sub-par dining experience.  Thanks not so much.
5	I can't think of anything wrong with this place.  It's my go to for a local business lunch.
4	Great spot for a business lunch.  Good food with lots of options in a nice atmosphere with service.
4	I really like Bonfyre.  Great place for lunch with my girlfriends.  I always get the wedge salad it is excellent.  I had the burger which they are not known for but really like it.  They also bring out dessert shots   They are perfect sized and very reasonable.  I love the salty Carmel
3	Great server, Amos.  Wine was good.  I had the Malbec special.  We all enjoyed the food.  not so bad for a crowd from Boston in Madison, WI.
5	Our 40 person rehearsal dinner at Bonfyre was wonderful!  The staff was helpful, organized and positive from the minute we started planning with Jonny & Jamie.  The wait staff was professional and delivered drink orders throughout the night, meaning that our guests could mingle and never had to wait in line at the bar.There was no need to fuss over details like centerpieces or name cards - this was included in the contracted price and was executed flawlessly.  The private dining room set the mood for our event - long wooden tables, low lighting and our slideshow playing on a large mounted flat screen in the background.Then there was the food!  We worked with Jonny & Jamie on a custom menu and communicated our guests' choices the week of our event.   Appetizers, main courses and desserts were all very tasty and the large portions ensured that no one left hungry.Great value for the price, abundant parking, business casual atmosphere, highly recommended!
5	All the food was very tastyThe atmosphere was high classand the waitress very helpful
4	Pretty nice place and very friendly staff. Food portions are considerably large and prices are affordable. A work-lunch or erly evening bar/grill 'hangout after work' sorta place. Definitely recommend.
5	I've been wanting to go to this restaurant ever since I moved to Madison over a year ago.  We had a reservation and even though it was a busy Friday night, we were seated right away, which I can't always say on a busy weekend dinner rush.  Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable.  I started with the Irish Margarita- Jameson in a marg!  I'm a whiskey fan and it definitely lived up to my expectations.  For my meal, I had the sirloin steak with chimichanga sauce and a side of twice baked potatoes and vegetables.  My fiancee had the NY strip steak.  We both ordered our meat medium, but mine was probably closer to medium rare and my fiancees was practically still mooing.  It was still good, but I was a little upset that they didn't cook it how we asked for it.  I would definitely recommend the chimichanga sauce on the steak; it added the right amount of kick.  While I'm usually not a fan of onions, the twice baked potato had onions, along with I believe chives and cheese, and I ate practically every bite of it, it was so good!  We finished the meal with a dessert shooter- the peanut butter cup.  It was just the right size and a good price as well, $2.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a slightly upscale American dinner restaurant.  I also want to give points for the atmosphere and decor.
4	I've been to Bonfyre more times than I can count. I am never left disappointed. I am always very impressed by the waitstaff- they are always very personable and knowledgeable of the menu. My favorite item was the Lobster Ravioli, which has since been taken off the menu, but luckily, with their menu, you can't really go wrong! It's a great place for large groups, because theirs truly something for everyone!
4	Service is attentive, prices are somewhat high: 25-29 for a steak, 22 for a typical wood fired entree, etc. That being said, the food is very flavorful and worth the money (mostly). The ribs are excellent, but the real show stealer is the incredibly sweet and slightly tangy barbecue sauce. Absolutely delicious. Jambalaya is very good with a healthy dose of shrimp and andouille sausage. Twice baked potato wasn't worth it-- only half a potato for an extra $2! But the overall experience and food was worth it. Good ambience too. Nice place for a drink and a date.
4	My boyfriend and I dine or have drinks at Bonefyre frequently. The food is great. I love their truffle fries as a appetizer. Extremely good. I did order a burger once that was a bit burnt. I finished it because it wasn't bad enough to not eat and I do not believe it is the norm. Other occasions I've order the chicken jambalaya minus the andouille sausage since I do not eat pork. It is flavorful. Not as spicy as I would like it to be but still a good dish. I've never had a drink I did not like and I've tried several. Desert menu is pretty diverse which is wonderful.Wait staff have been friendly. Did once get a gentlemen who seemed like he wasn't have a great day but it wasn't a big issue. What would make this a 5 star would be if they add more to their menu. I think it's a bit too limited. Would like to see more range in seafood options.Overall, great place and comes highly recommended.
3	Stopped in for an early lunch with some friends and found 5-10 Badger fans having Bloody Mary's at the bar prior to a Badger game (they have a shuttle service to the games).  All was jovial, but our table of 3 had a hard time getting seated as we waited in the bar for a table.  After asking 3 x and waiting nearly 30 minutes in a nearly empty restaurant, we were a bit frustrated but the food and table service was fine.
3	We've visited Bonfyre twice - the first time I really enjoyed the atmosphere and I probably jinx myself for our second visit.The first visit I ordered the pasta special - I double checked before ordering that the dish did not contain meat.  Our waitress said "No it does not but you can add for $X amount" - being a vegetarian I wasn't interested in adding meat but very excited that a special was an option to order.  Unfortunately when the dish came, there was sausage mixed in.  We were not charged additional for it, but it definitely deflated my bubble.  I hate to be "that customer" so instead I just picked out the sausage and ate around it.  All in all we thought we would return to try something else on the menu.So we did, on NYE.  I was very excited to try something else which I was positive would not contain meat.  All the food was great, no issues there.  Here's where I jinxed myself from the first visit.  On the first visit I said "It's nice to find a place to eat that doesn't have kids screaming or fussing, finally!"  Towards the end of our meal on the second visit, a family with a toddler and children under the age of 10 were sat near our table.  Seriously?!  I know this is not the Bonfyre's fault, they were customers, too, but sitting next to a teething child and children who do not yet appreciate a night out to a nice restaurant (and who would rather play video games), just isn't my cup of tea.  If I wanted to be surrounded by young kids and families I'd go to Applebee's.  This deflated by evening for the second visit.I'm sure there will be parents out there who read this review and find that my comments are insensitive, but I don't care, next time leave your young children at home and you won't have to read such a review.So now I'm debating whether or not Bonfyre is worth a third visit - I mean if I have to listen to children fuss, I'd rather spend a lot less but the food was good.
4	Four stars for delicious food. The place was packed to the rafters on Saturday night so make a reservation well in advance. We had apps, and entree, and split a chocolate dessert sampler. Heavenly! Nice bar and good wine selection. Arrive early! Our service was still spot-on and we were seated relatively quickly but still had to wait about 15 minutes despite having reservations.
4	Boyfriend and I come here a few times a year and we love this place! We first came because I had a gift card, but we've kept coming back.First off, the vibe here is awesome. I love, love, love the decor and the food selection is superb. There is something for everyone. The setup is very cool: bar in the middle with booths surrounding. The beer and wine selection is amazing, which is always a plus for me. I have gotten a variety of things here: pasta, jambalaya, burgers, steak, pizza, etc. and nothing has disappointed. The appetizers are also very yummy--I would suggest the buffalo bleu chips. We get them every time.The only downside to this place is that it is a little pricey, but the experience is always a good one. The staff are nice and courteous. If I worked in the area, I could see myself coming here for happy hour. I took off one star mostly due to the fact that they have a menu change and are now offering less food, I believe. I once had an amazing pasta dish that was to die for, and haven't been able to order it since as it was taken off the menu. The new menu is still good, but the old variety was amazing.
3	While Bonfyre American Grille does many things well, I have yet to experience that "WOW!" moment when I dine there.  While the kitchen staff is technically sound, the composition of the dishes lacks those finishing touches that separates good food from great.During a recent visit, I dined with a group of twenty in the executive dining room, where the noise levels that sometimes plague the main dining room were not a problem.  Bonfyre assigned two servers to the room who managed the evening in a very professional manner.  My one observation about the servers is that never introduced themselves or established a rapport with the room as is common at fine dining establishments.Our group started things off with some Maytag Bleu potato chips ($9) and the truffle fries ($8).  While I enjoyed the combination of the pepper jack cheese and Maytag blue cheese on the potato chips, I thought it was a bit out of balance.  I would have enjoyed more blue cheese.  The chips not covered in cheese had a wonderful crunch.  However, the cheese covered chips lost that crunch, making for a texture-less mass in the middle of the plate.  If the cheese was made into a dip, then this dish might shine more than it did as presented.  The large plate of shoestring fries were well seasoned, but were served with a miniscule portion of aioli that gone before I could sample it. For the next course, I elected to go with the butternut squash soup ($3).  This was my least favorite dish of the night.  It broth lacked a depth of flavor experienced with other versions of this soup.  This soup lacked the satisfying natural sweetness of roasted squash.  Instead, the sweetness came from the chunks of granny smith apple and a generous does of honey.  The soup needed more of a savory element to balance out the added sweetness, some thyme or sage maybe.  The soup could have used some croutons to provide some textural contrast.  The apples lost their crunch by the time the soup was served.  I am a fan of short ribs - the Bonfyre version ($17) is served with a gaujillo sauce, green beans, and garlic mashed potatoes.  The kitchen did a terrific job preparing the short ribs.  After being braised in beer, they were fork-tender with no veins of fat.  The gaujillo sauce provided some appreciated heat, but it was rather one dimensional, lacking the layers of flavor found in a great sauce.  The mashed potatoes were creamy with just the right amount of garlic to compliment the other items on the plate.  The green beans had some bite to them but were unevenly seasoned.  There was a dollop of garlic in the center of the serving, so some of the beans were bland, while others were overpowered by the seasoning.  The serving size with just right - I was full without feeling bloated afterward.My near wow moment came at dessert.  Our group was served a variety of six different cream cheese parfait style desserts.  As soon as our server said those magical two words (salted caramel), I knew what option I wanted.  I had high expectations and Bonfyre delivered in spades.  This dessert had great balance of sweet and salty with an explosion of caramel flavor and a wonderful creamy texture.  It is the one dish I would go out of my way to order again.  This is one of those reviews where I dislike the Yelp star rating.  There were no fatal flaws in any of the courses.  However, I did not experience a brush with greatness either.  The three star definition of A-OK is a better representation of my experiences at Bonfyre than the four star definition of "I'm a fan".  Looking at the other reviews, it appears the restaurant manager reads the reviews and makes tweaks based on those comments.  My hope is that Bonfyre will continue to improve its game and convert me into a fan.
1	Third visit, and I  left without eating. A testament to how clueless some establishments can be regarding their guests. After I sat at the bar, asked for a menu and water (neither were offered), I was never approached again. Portraying all of the obvious signs of being ready to order, menu down, trying to make eye-contact, for 10 minutes-- not exaggerating here-- 10 full minutes, the bartender then left the bar to get mic'ed up to do an interview! No one covered the bar while he was being interviewed. I did not stick around any longer. I am annoyed and hungry and will not return. The worst part is that I recommended this place for brunch to a friend last night!
3	This review is for the restaurant week lunch menu.  The meal was OK in my opinion.  Nothing amazing or different, just very standard American food.  The service was great though!
4	I have been to Bonfyre for over 4 years.  It's consistent, which is a good thing.The vibe is always fun with a touch of class but not over the top for those who like to hang out in jeans and fleece.  Great lunch and dinner specials such as paella, pot roast, salads and chicken pot pies.  The seafood dishes have always been my favorite.  Great wine and cocktail options and do have wine lockers for rent.The Beacon Lounge is the newest addition to go and hang out, either while waiting for your table or a smaller intimate space to go with your sweetie.  Well done for keeping it up!
4	Went here on a date with my boyfriend. The restaurant itself actually smells like a bonfire. Which I thought was super quirky, but later found out that this is because of the rotisserie they have in the back. Still cool.They label their menu with what options are gluten free - awesome.It's a little pricey - we had 2 entrees, 3 drinks and one of their dessert shooters and the bill was $75.Service was great.Herb rotisserie chicken was awesome. The meat was super flavorful and not dry at all. The mashed potatoes that come with it were also delicious. Green beans were meh.My boyfriend had the ribs and he said they were some of the best he's had in a restaurant. His came with corn that seriously tasted like it came out of a can and had way too much black pepper in it. Meh.I tried the white chocolate cheesecake dessert shooter (gluten free of course) and it was yummmmmmy.Overall a nice place to come on a date , or any occasion I guess, when you want to get out of the downtown craziness and don't mind spending a pretty penny.
3	A solid choice, though an unexciting one.  Have you ever been to Banderas?  I think that's what they're going for here, but they don't come close to the amazing wood-fired grilled food Banderas puts out.  Their predictable menu is a reliable choice for corporate dinners but their prices ($29 for a 6oz filet mignon?) make it impractical for anything else.  The service was a touch surly (were we ready to order yet already? servers pushing us out of the way while we waited at the bar...) which didn't help either.
3	First visit to Bonfyre today for lunch--it was after the lunch rush --we were greeted cordially and seated immediately by the gracious hostess  in a booth somewhat near the kitchen area. The restaurant has a lovely, clean decor with a spacious floor plan allowing varying levels of intimacy and openness to diners and bar patrons, as well as ample space for groups.We were served by the competent Carlie who was prompt and professional. I am sure it is not her idea, but she felt it important to explain the menu to us moments after being seated.  Since we did not have a service dog or appear literacy challenged, it was not a necessary step, and was frankly demeaning,  but she did have a good understanding of the food and choices and was friendly in her review.We dined on ribs and jambalaya; both fresh and delicious--not outstanding, but well prepared.  The food runner (not Carlie) seemed dumbstruck upon our request if bread came with the entree.  After she said no and started to walk away like a scared kitten, we had to suggest that she get us some anyway, even if an extra charge. Again, no words, just scampered off and later returned with some bread.Carlie kept our iced tea glasses full and was careful to offer flawless service without feeling the need to interrupt our conversation as so many servers do; she saw we might need something and simply attended to it. Excellent employee.Unfortunately, the primary complaint on our visit was a kitchen staff that acted as if the restaurant was closed and it was party time.  The cooks and bus boys were literally shouting to each other in Spanish and laughing it up so loudly that my wife and I could not hear each other speak.  These employees were both in the kitchen and just outside of it, casually shouting to each other across the room. One of the four of five workers was eating his lunch just outside our table and had no trouble continuing to spew profanities while masticating.Besides reviewing professional protocol with the kitchen personnel, the manager should consider advising them that there are customers who speak Spanish and do not appreciate having a backdrop of expletives interrupt their lunch by staff oblivious to the guests. Their behavior made it feel more like a men's locker room than an elegant spot to dine. Upon leaving, and getting most of our hearing back, we stopped at the vacated front post for the hostess in search of a business card or some contact information, but there was none.  Since the outside window indicated Yelpers were appreciated, we have chosen to give feedback in this fashion and hope it is useful.
4	We always seem to have great food there.  My favorites are the filet and pot roast.  Only once did we have a bad experience but management quickly fixed the situation.
1	This review is about service, because we walked out before ordering. We have gone to Bonfyre for years and have enjoyed the food. In fact, we went armed with a coupon sent to us because of our past patronage. However, although we got there early on a Saturday (6:25) and the place was not crowded, the manager(?) asked if we had a reservation. We had never been asked that before. We then requested seating outdoors and although only two tables had patrons, we were given the worst of the remaining tables. They clearly gave us the impression they didn't want our business, so we left. Maybe they were worried because they had prom couples coming later. If there was some reason, they never told us.
5	My wife & I took our son & his wife for dinner.  Courtney, our server, was fantastic.  Knew everything on the menu, and made great suggestions.  The appetizers of blue cheese chips and curry mussels were terrific.  The special martini of Hennessy New Fashioned was really good!!  Set aside some extra money and enjoy yourself here!!
1	I wish I could rate this place.  Recently my girlfriend and I were looking for a good Monday late night place to eat besides the always great Eno Vino.  After hearing good things about this place, and seeing that their website said open until 11 PM, we arrived at 10:30.  The doors were locked with a few customers inside (two at a table, and three at the bar).  I called only to be told that they close at 10:30, contradictory to what is posted on the door.  Being in the restaurant business myself, I understand trying to shut down a little early on slow nights after hours of no customers.  It is, however; unacceptable to be turned away during clearly posted hours of opperation, especially with staff and customers still there.  I won't take the chance again to see if your staff doesnt feel like being open during your hours.
4	Highlights/lowlights1) really friendly service2) outdoor seating available3) good food4) gluten free friendlyMy friend and I ate at Bonfyre on a weeknight with a really nice weather. We asked to be seated outside and we were seated immediately.Our server got us waters right away and answered all of my gluten free questions about the menu. Our server was super nice and really helpful! The menu has a wide variety of dishes from a cheese fondue appetizer to flatbread pizzas, a salmon burger, or jambalaya (which we got!). The gluten free and vegetarian options on the menu are clearly labeled. My friend got the cheese fondue appetizer which was served with bread, chicken and fruit. It looked really good and the server made sure the candle warming the dip was always lit so the cheese would stay warm. My jambalaya (gluten free!) came about 10 minutes later and it looked and tasted great! The shrimp, sausage and chicken were cooked well and the portion was big enough for my dinner and a big lunch the next day. Only downside is the restaurant is right off the beltline so if you are sitting outside the view isn't awesome and you can hear all of the traffic passing by.We will definitely be back at Bonfyre to try some other menu items!
4	The Korean tacos are delicious. A sweet spicy BBQ style sauce over tender beef topped with spicy veggies. Served only during lunch.
4	I have eaten here a few times. Most recently I ate here with my family of 10 for Father's Day. I made our reservations online which was quick and easy, as well as easy to edit. We had a nice large table table/booth. The ambience was nice. The parking lot can and has been a challenge. We were all disappointed to find out from the waitress that the restaurant was our of their Pork Porterhouse (a 14oz pork porterhouse, marinated in olive oil, garlic, rosemary and peppercorn. Stuffed with bacon and gouda cheese then topped with gouda cheese sauce. Served with mash and spicy corn) and ribs signature entrees were sold out. I always order their chicken Parmesan which is always tasty (a little pricey for the portion size). My family all enjoyed their meals as well. They also had a $6 Bloody Mary special which was a good deal considering it was 32 oz with a beef stick, string cheese, and various vegetables!
4	Tasty food, excellent prices, excellent wine. I like the atmosphere and service, as well.
4	The swordfish special was very tasty. They had a good beer list and the atmosphere was nice. Food came out surprisingly fast.
1	Very bad experience.  Smoker allowed on the outdoor patio.  A server grabbed a handful of forks and patted the tips of the forks with his hand - gross.  Terribly slow service tonight which was our first visit.  Food, acceptable, not remarkable.  My wife walked out with everyone else except one child and the waitress took over 15 minutes to even come by where I had to ask for the check.  I had a kid screaming and about to have an accident - no service.  Not a kid friendly restaurant for us.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the interior. It is gorgeous, clean and welcoming. We were seated as a cozy, private booth that gave you enough space while also being intimate. The menu is a bit overwhelming. We happened to be there on the first day of Restaurant Week so I decided to try it out. I ordered the Wedge Salad after asking several questions about it. The menu does not describe the items so little is known about it. For the Restaurant Week menu I was hoping my server would have told me more about the featured meals.For the entree I ordered the pork tenderloin. It came with a citrus rum sauce. It was overall, just delicious. There is no way to describe it besides: amazing. The pork was tender and the sauce was a great compliment. It was served with mashed potatoes and spinach. They were well mashed without being liquidy. The spinach was boring. I used some of the pork sauce to eat with them. The spinach had no flavor. Though, my dinner companion was served corn. And it was SO spicy. Nowhere on the menu did is describe the corn as having red pepper flakes. While, most people like spicy, they usually liked to be warned about it. I took a big bite of corn and my mouth was burning.Dessert! Great presentation! Wow. Seriously it was impressive. They brought out the six mini dessert options and you chose at your table. They are served in double shot type of glasses. This is MORE than enough dessert. Just enough to satisfy your sweet tooth. I ordered the raspberry cheesecake. It came with a touch of whip cream and graham crackers folded in. My only complaint? You can tell they are made several days ahead of time and not covered. The top was a little gummy. I pushed past it. In general, I can not wait to go back and try something new.
4	The architecture here is really cool. Although, admittedly, in the end it sort of ends up feeling like a fern bar. But the food is good. Irish margaritas will take care of you. And the spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had, hands down.
4	Bonfyre Grille was better than I had expected. First of all, their wines are underpriced. If you're looking for great wines for decent prices, this is the place to go.With a party of six, we shared 3 appetizers - the shrimp ceviche, fried calamari, and the ahi tuna appetizer. All three were great - the fried calamari was very different from other calamari i've ever had, and the marinara sauce had a certain distinctive spiciness to it that wasn't overbearing. Ahi tuna was alright, nothing special, but the shrimp ceviche was great. a lot of avocado, limeiness, and the chips were freshly baked.All of the main dishes came with either soup or salad, with lots of choices. I had the filet mignon, added some scallops and a red wine sauce with shiitake. Ordered medium rare, it was exactly the way I would have expected it. Sauce was great and the scallops were also very fresh - gummy and chewy at the same time.The most impressive was how well timed they were. Making six dishes exactly how we wanted them cooked at the same time is not easy. We really appreciated our server, who was very patient with us and very friendly.I would recommend this restaurant. It's a little pricy, but for the quality, I will definitely come back!
3	Bonfyre's decor was oddly lack luster when pitted against the intrigue poised by the blackened glass front and fiery red signage. Party rooms were tucked away behind wood paneled hallways. Tables were pushed close to the walls to permit as much seating as possible, making it claustrophobic and impossible to move around easily.Service was prompt, clumsy, but overall good. Our waitress was friendly and all smiles, but seemed distracted - she knocked a glass of water over twice.Our party menu included: two apps - (spinach artichoke dip/calamari), a soup/salad, main course - (chicken/shrimp/walleye/roast beef), and mini desserts.The calamari was awesome, no sauce needed, just a dash of lemon. They were lightly breaded and fresh. Instead of ringlets, it was presented in strips about three inches long. The dip did not look appetizing. Salads were standard fare.I had the BBQ Chicken dressed in a bourbon sauce, "Bonfyre mash", and vegetables. The chicken was cooked perfectly. It was tender, juicy, and melted in your mouth. The sauce was sweet, to the point that any other flavors were masked. The potatoes were garlicky, and the veggies were lightly sauteed (aka crunchy) zucchini.Dessert was confusing. Bonfyre calls them "assorted mini's" and describes them as "mini cream cheese parfait style desserts". Six pairs of texturally confusing cups containing different flavors were presented. These were a combination of parfait, cheesecake, and crem brulee with a gram cracker crust. Flavor wise, these were great (if you got past the texture and sweetness). There was nothing complex or mature about these desserts. Rather, it was like a kid in a candy store just mixing and matching same priced candies in a single bag.Overall, the meal was nice. The company was nice. Would I make it a point to go back? Not really. After-all, the best thing I ate that night (flavor-wise) was an appetizer...
5	I've eaten here a few times & was never disappointed. Great atmosphere, service & food. I will definitely go back & recommend to others. I love how they give you the choice of the way they grill your food & love the added touch of them searching and lightly smoking my salad. Many good selections on the menu that sometimes I just can't make up my mind there! Great place that all should try out!
4	After an afternoon of mini golf on our first day in Madison, we were relieved to settle down for an early dinner at Bonfyre Grille. The exterior was kind of blah, while the interior was quite nice. Think classic American grill house with lots of wood grilled dishes.Our table of nine shared two appetizers, which was plenty of food to go around. You can't go wrong with truffle fries ($8)! Crispy shoestring fries topped with asiago and truffle oil. There's aioli for dipping, but you really don't need it. The fries were nicely seasoned, and the truffle oil was flavorful, but not overwhelming. It's basically a party in your mouth!Our other appetizer was the maytag bleu potato chips ($9). Potato chips topped with maytag bleu, pepperjack, tomatoes and scallions. I'm not sure how I feel about the combination of blue cheese and pepperjack... seemed mismatched, but then again, I'm not the biggest fan of blue cheese. The chips were tasty though. Too bad most of it was drowned in cheese. You just need a teensy bit of cheese as it's really rich.John and I shared a side of the grilled caesar salad. The dressing was a bit much for me, and I should have asked for it on the side. However, the grilled romaine was good. John's angel hair pasta ($14) was tossed in infused chili oil, onions, pine nuts, mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, garlic, basil, with parmesan and goat cheese for toppings. This normally comes with eggplant, but John asked them not to include it. The chef substituted with mushrooms, which is, unfortunately, another thing he won't eat. More mushrooms for me! I wouldn't think to use chili oil with pasta, but it works. The kitchen must have had a surplus of mushrooms because my spring risotto ($16) also came with mushrooms even though it's not mentioned on the menu. Creamy lemon zest risotto with asparagus, mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, spinach, onions, parmesan, and asiago cheese. It almost looks like it's missing a spoonful of risotto, doesn't it? I rarely have risotto, so this was a real treat, especially with some extra black pepper. Everyone was too stuffed for dessert as the entrees, including the kids' meals, had good sized portions. The meat eaters indulged in marinated steak, baby back ribs, and even rotisserie chicken. Everything seemed reasonably priced, and we were surprised by the total when the waiter brought out the bill. Good spot for dinner if you're ever in Madison!
3	Went here for a friend's birthday since they can accommodate larger groups. I haven't heard amazing things about Bonfyre, but I *had* heard that their rotisserie chicken is really good. $17 and it came with a side of mashed potatoes and zucchini. The chicken was pretty delicious. I also ordered a fig martini, which was just okay. It did not look appetizing AT ALL, and the consistency was pretty chunky. Frankly, it looked like a glass of vomit. I definitely would never order it again even though it tasted decent. All in all, the service was good and it's definitely good for groups. A little pricey IMO considering there are other more affordable and more interesting restaurants around the area.
3	I ordered the seafood trio over risotto. I wish I would have ordered something else because my plate was 1/3 of the size of everyone else's but was more expensive than anyone else's. The salmon and shrimp tasted good but the rest was just ok. For appetizers we got the calamari and spinach artichoke dip. Those were really good. And for dessert a peanut butter mousse thing that was awesome. Overall it was just an ok experience. Don't hate it. Don't love it. If someone wanted to go I wouldn't object but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
5	Been to Bonfyre twice. Both times it was full but not crowded. All in our groups had a great experience. The food was delicious. Service struck the right balance by being very attentive but not overbearing. Atmosphere was inviting. We all look forward to going back in the future. Highly recommended!
5	My coworkers and I had a very good dinner here and each of us enjoyed what we ordered. My coworker ordered the balsamic salmon with lobster risotto that he inhaled. My other coworker ordered the steak which she said she liked. Her one complaint was that they put cheese on her baked potato which she isn't used to but this is Wisconsin. I ordered the pot roast which was very good. The only thing I didn't like on the plate was the steamed spinach
2	Bonfyre tries. They have interesting architectural elements (disclaimer - I used to work for the firm that designed Bonfyre), comfortable seating and a nice ambiance for the 'burbs.  That's about where my pleasant experience ended.For one, our table was in front of the fireplace - the back of my chair was less than two feet away from the glass enclosure. On a frigid November evening, you'd think that'd be wonderful, but it was SO HOT. I literally felt as if I was getting a sunburn, and coats facing the fire were untouchably hot. It was so profoundly uncomfortable, even after we asked them to turn the fireplace down (they wouldn't turn it all the way off). The table for 7 was not meant to hold that many, and once our appetizers and drinks arrived we were forced to hold the bulky menus in our laps because there was no longer anywhere to set them down. The appetizers were ok in taste but lacking in critical elements they advertized. The truffle fries needed more truffle oil or a better dip. There was no gravy on the poutine (I don't even know how it's called poutine without it, but I digress), but instead an oily "poutine sauce" that didn't seem to have a flavor - it just seemed like curds and fries in extra oil.  The artichoke dip was good but so very greasy. As a non-meat eating person (I just don't really like meat, sorry) who also dislikes cilantro, my menu options were very limited, but I expected that at a grille (the restaurant wasn't my choice). I was excited to see a margherita flatbread option, but again was terribly disappointed.Margherita is hard to screw up. big slices of fresh mozz. Tomatoes that can take center stage - heirloom, roma, sundried, something. Basil leaves. Drizzling of a good balsamic. Done.  Nope. None of that. Instead I got a grocery-store style thin crust with a thick base of shredded pizza-mozz, with mealy and yet unripe beefsteak slices and a half-sphere of a tiny fresh mozz ball on top of each slice. No balsamic or any dressing of any kind. The whole thing was just barely dusted with shredded basil and mostly tasted like a totinos pizza with no sauce.  I had a greek side salad with it that came with no dressing on it or with it at all - just some olives, red pepper, and feta on a bed of dry greens.They did have a delicious malbec, so at least the night was not a total waste. The server, however, forgot to bring me the soda I ordered after it was clear I'd had plenty of malbec, and only refilled our party's water glasses once. Between the excessive heat, drinking the wine too quickly to wash down the bland, sticky, greasy food, I was left chewing ice just to keep from passing out.Turn the heat down on the patrons and up on the menu, and I can see that it'd be a nice place.
4	It's east to forget about Bonfyre... Unless you have reason to be on or near the South Beltline. Then it provides a great alternative to the plethora of fast food joints on or near the Beltline corridor. The specialty drinks are good and of good value. I'm a fan of the Orange Shake Up. Companion proclaimed she hadn't had a good lemon drop martini in awhile - this is a high complement from said companion.  In terms of food, I prefer the small plates and apps rather than the bigger dishes. I like the pizzas - big or small, they are good for sharing. The place can be packed and loud during happy hour, but is generally pretty relaxing for late night dining. I'm not sure how late they serve food... But people were still ordering the full menu at 9:30 PM. A golden star and big plus in my book.
