5	I've been going to Matt Martin for years! What he's capable of doing is nothing short of a miracle. Both of my teenage daughters go to him as well - they love all of his suggestions and the results. Love the new location too. Highly recommend The Parlor!
5	Highly recommend Randie Wegener! She has been doing my hair for years and also works with my mom and preteen and teenage daughters.  She provides an honest opinion on the girls' wild and crazy ideas on hair and does a fantastic job!!
5	This is this first time I went here and loved it. Randie thanks for the awesome haircut!!! I highly recommend Randie. This place is a really cool and will definitely go back.
5	I travel to Vegas for business a lot, weeks at a time. I'm very picky with my hair so I've tried all the "fancy" salons. With much research I found the Parlor. It's just a few minutes from the strip. Totally worth it if you ask me. Matt did my hair and he knew exactly what I wanted. I'll be in Vegas again for 3 weeks next month and I can guarantee you that I will be making a visit to The Parlor and it's a given that I will be asking for Matt.
5	I can't say enough good things about this salon.  Matt Martin (owner and stylist) has been cutting my hair for 2 years now, and I've never had a bad cut, regardless of length. When I moved to Vegas my sister recommended him, and I'm so glad she did. He is not only skilled (his cuts grow out beautifully) but he's kind, professional, and gives the BEST head massages! Very excited that he now has a salon of his own! I can also vouch for Cole, he did a great job for me when I couldn't get in to see Matt.  Prices are extremely reasonable too! You won't be disappointed!
5	There is no place else anywhere that I will go to get my hair cut.  Randie is awesome... Every single time I go she is right on the money with the cut.  The atmosphere is excellent and the owner is extremely friendly and welcoming... It is a nice, new upscale salon and has extremely reasonable prices on top of it... I can't say enough about my experiences here... Definitely top notch in all aspects...
5	Beautiful salon, very modern.  The owner and staff are amazing.  Randie hooked me up with beautiful blonde highlights.  She made me feel very comfortable right from the start.  I already booked my next appointment.  Thank you Randie and all the staff at The Parlor, you guys rock!!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this place! From the moment you walk through the door, you get a perfect view of this modern & fun salon. Great atmosphere, good music always playing, and a really cozy color bar to hang out at while your color is processing, complete with a big screen tv, magazines, and a staff that makes sure you are always comfortable. All the stylists are extremely talented and I have gotten hair services from almost all of them, but Matt has been the "chosen one" for me :) Not only does he give the BEST scalp massage when washing hair, but he always seems to know exactly what I'm looking for in a cut. He has perfect recommendations and I have gorgeous hair because of him! My recent color with him was absolutely incredible--I wanted to go bold and vibrant. Matt and Randie were true geniuses and I have never felt more beautiful! I most recently visited Cole for a blowout, and I have to say I have never seen my hair look more bombshell with only the use of a round brush. Bottom line--Everything about The Parlor is incredible. Truly a top-notch salon without the stuffy, intimidating, uncomfortable  feeling. Once you walk in, you feel like a rock star.
5	Today was my first visit to the Parlor and I  loved every moment! I followed Cole from the Centennial Hills Salon and Spa and I am much happier going to The Parlor! The atmosphere is very relaxed and I loved the decor and location! Most of all I love my hairstylist! Cole gives one hell of an A line cut and a wonderful shampoo & blow dry!!! I couldn't be more pleased! Thank you Cole!
5	Wow this place is gorgeous; reminded me of townsquare. The inside looked amazing too, very modern and clean.Staff was super nice; Randie (it's a woman actually) did my mom's hair and she did amazing. She was really nice and pampered my mom who was super satisfied. Give this beautiful salon a try, they're awesome.
5	My kids and I go to both Matt Martin and Randie Wegener .They are  outstanding stylists!!  Their attention to detail and their craftsmanship can not be duplicated. From the moment you walk into The Parlor's sophisticated surroundings, until the time you walk out the door, you are treated with the utmost respect and courtesy. I HIGHLY recommend this salon!The Parlor is a much needed addition to  Las Vegas, and lucky for us in the North-West, it is right in our backyard!
5	I love the ambiance at the Parlor!! Matt has done wonders for my hair and has taught me how to take care it! I always get compliments on my color and hairstyle. I've referred a number of people, and without a doubt they've been ecstatic about their results!
5	My new cut & style by Matt has literally changed my life!  It is so easy to take of that I have tons more time for other stuff & I'm not chained to a long routine of styling!  I get so many compliments, especially about the color!  Matt does a wonderful job of listening to client needs & delivering what you really want.  Get over to The Parlor soon--you won't be disappointed!
5	Matt is  an absolutely amazing stylist I would recommend his services at The Parlor to anyone.  Plus it's an amazing Salon. Great Job Matt!!!!
5	I have been going to Matt to get my hair done since I moved to Vegas 4 years ago and I cant imagine anyone else touching my hair!  Matt and his team hands down have the best salon in town.  You will get the best customer service, the most talented hair stylists, and an overall fabulous experience. Cant wait to get my extensions soon!I recommend this salon for everyone - all ages. You will not be disappointed!
5	I went to American Male on North Rainbow for over 3 years and they always treated me well but it was always a bit overpriced. Then this past February I've decided to give The Parlor a try from a coworker's suggestion and wow, they just blew AM out of the water. The sheer quality of staff and skill is something to behold. They paired me up with Johnny and I've never looked back since. Amazing customer service and the willingness to educate about different looks and style. Johnny is a beast with hair. Highly recommended. With both women and ESPECIALLY men. You will be addicted =)
5	Matt is the epitome of what a hairdresser should be. He creates , he styles, he cuts, he designs a look that totally compliments who you are. The atmosphere at The Parlor is fun and welcoming., and as busy as they are they always find a way to work around my schedule. I won't go anywhere else for my hair!
5	Went in for some product , Matt recommended Paul Mitchell Curl products...... LOVE ! My curls have never been better.
5	I went to The Parlor for the first time today and am so thankful I did! Johnny cut and colored my hair and did a phenomenal job! He really takes his time and gets to know your hair and what you want out of the appointment.  It was obvious from almost the second I sat down that he is very experienced and really knows what he is doing. I felt totally at ease with him and will definitely be going back to see him soon! I would recommend The Parlor (and Johnny specifically) to anyone!
5	This place is amazing.  My old stylist moved to LA and the new gal I tried just didn't understand how to work with curls.  When I called to book my appointment they listened to what I was looking for and scheduled me with a level 2 stylist, and asked me to come in early so he could have lots of time to work with my hair and understand what I wanted.My stylist was Cole and he was just amazing.  He listened to what I wanted, understood how to work with my hair, and gave me tons and tons of layers.  This is easily the best haircut I have had since moving to Vegas 2 years ago.  I highly recommend him to people with curly hair.  Also as a bonus he gave me a free hand massage!
5	I recently moved to the NW part of town. I first noticed The Parlor while eating across the street at a Mexican restaurant, so I decided to check them out on Yelp. I'm glad I did! I love this place!  Johnny is wonderful! Best haircut I've had in the two years that I've been in Vegas!! Prices are quite reasonable too! My next appointment is already booked, that's how happy I am!!
5	This place is wonderful. First of all, the environment is awesome. The building and decor is fabulous. It's like a modern day beauty parlor with a cool vintage vibe. It's super clean and beautiful. The stylists are friendly, down-to-earth, and knowledgable. People often compliment me on my hair color and ask where I get it done. The Parlor!! My stylist knows the perfect recipe for my hair- I like it almost platinum blonde but ashy. Not yellowy. The Parlor is definitely worth checking out. You'll love it!
5	Matt Martin is hands down the ultimate master stylist.. His approach is transformative, creating a special look for each individual, unlike other stylists who specialize in a certain look.  His passion resonates in his talent..
5	Matt has not only blown me away with his amazing skills as a hair stylist for 4 years now but he has created the most awesome hair parlor in Las Vegas ! It's new, it's fresh, it rocks! For the best and most consistent results go see the crew at "the Parlor".
5	I moved to Vegas nearly a year ago and kept putting off getting my hair cut because I didn't know where to go.  Finally I bit the bullet and gave this place a try.  I called on a day they were closed for a fundraiser, but they answered anyways and got me in with Randie for an evening appointment just a couple days later.  Randie was great!  She totally got me and what I was looking for, and did an awesome cut.  She's a perfectionist, which I appreciate in a stylist.  Prices are very reasonable and the ambiance is great.  I'm so glad I found this place on my first try!
5	Matt is the best! I love this place and I've been following Matt around for years at his previous salons. Now he's got his own digs and it's awesome! The place is cute, great vibe, relaxing and Matt does beautiful cuts and amazing color. Don't waste time and money w/a stylist you don't appreciate-come to the parlor-you won't be disappointed!
5	This salon is one of a kind! I have been a client of Matt's for 5yrs and wouldn't dream of seeing another stylist. Where he goes, I go! This salon offers the ultimate experience of comfort, pampering and all around VIP treatment! I see a "Best of Las Vegas" in their future! :-)
5	This place is probably the greatest hair salon ever. The stylists are very down to earth and the atmosphere is relaxing. Better yet, they were able to get me in that day. Cole did my hair and did a fabulous job. I just moved from Portland and don't really trust people with my hair but he calmed all of my fears. We discussed what I wanted for my color and my hair's history and he got started. He was very quick and so polite. He even massaged my hands while my highlights were in as an added bonus to make me feel pampered.After he washed it out, he dried my hair, did my bangs, and then used the iron to curl my hair to match what I came in with. I have never actually left a salon 100% with my hair in terms of my bangs or the flatness of my hair. Cole made me feel like a rock star and I will definitely be telling my family and friends who did my hair. Their prices are very reasonable (more so than other places in the area) and you will leave very happy!
5	I went from mid back length hair to an inverted bob. I was really nervous but Becca did an awesome job! She was very attentive to what I wanted. I'm not much of a talker, so sometimes I might come off as a snob but she was really sweet! She is a total perfectionist (in the best way!). She cut my hair while it was wet, then again when it was half way dry and then again while it was dry. I never created an account to write a review, but I created one to say that Becca was amazing! Thanks :)
5	I went to The Parlor today and got my haircut and it was awesome! Really nicely decorated, warm and welcoming, and, most importantly, I got the best haircut I've ever gotten. All of the stylists seem really talented and all get along, so there's a really great energy about the place. I will definitely be coming back.
5	First time in and they were great. My 5 year old daughter also enjoyed her hair trim.
5	I can not stress how much I LOVE this place. The people are so nice and friendly and Randie is absolutely amazing. I have received highlights many times but have never been so impressed with my highlights until Randie. She made me feel so comfortable, discussed with me what I wanted and even chatted with me while she worked her magic. The decor of this place is very cool as well. The outside is so cute and charming and the interior is equally as appealing with a very industrial urban style. I can't wait for my next appointment which I already booked!
5	Another amazing experience at The Parlor! As usual was pleasantly  greeted and asked if I needed anything.  Waited comfortably in the front "parlor", listened to incredible music.After a couple of minutes Randie brought me to her chair where she listened attentively to what I wanted to do with my hair. As it was a totally new look, from shoulder length bob to a short cut , she spent time go over some details ...... She did an incredible job with the cut and even styled it three different ways to show me some options. Love the cut! Love Randie! I highly recommend her and The Parlor!
5	Cole did an amazing job! Very skilled at round brushing and styling. My hair was super jacked from a different salon and he has gotten it almost to where it will be to go platinum! Very impressioned :)
5	I had a wonderful experience at The Parlor. Cole did an exceptional job on my long locks. The highlights are subtle and blended well. He took his time getting to know my needs and wants concerning my hair style and executed his design perfectly. I could not be happier. I will most definitely be setting up another appointment in the future.
5	First time at the Parlor. Nice, hip and comfortable. Melissa has been cutting my hair for over 2 years. I follow her wherever she goes. I have long hair and am very particular about who touches it,  She is the only one and does an amazing job. It comes out the way I want it each time. She listens and takes her time. Super nice!
5	Fantastic cut by Cole! He was meticulous and really listened to what I wanted done as well as adding his own professional and stylish touches to make my hair look great. I appreciate the time he took to really give me the cut I wanted. He was also very friendly and easy to talk to. Great experience, I will definitely be back!
5	I love this place!  I have been getting my hair done by Matt for three years now and I'll never go anywhere else.  My hair used to be a wreck, and Matt has taught me how to care for my hair and it's completely repaired now!  I recently got married the end of May, and Matt and Cole did the entire bridal party's hair.  (They came and met us to do our hair in our hotel room and were absolutely awesome... so make sure to ask them about any special events you have going on!)  Matt went way above and beyond to make sure that I felt absolutely beautiful on my big day, and I will always be grateful for everything he did.  I've never gotten color done, but I have had extensions and a couple different cuts - always leaving beyond satisfied.  I tell everyone to go here!
5	Place was great! The stylist Johnny did an awesome job without making me feel uncomfortable. Usually salons are very uncomfortable for men, but the Parlor was a breath of fresh air.
5	I am so excited to have my hair done right now. The parlor is so beautiful and inviting. I love how organized the space is...the bathrooms are so clean and splendid. Everyone here is very friendly and conversational. No stuck up personalities or negative vibes going on here. I love that the stylists are all different and have their own "uniqueness." I feel as though anyone from any background could come here and find the perfect stylist for them. So thankful to have this place in my life
5	Love this shop! Great colors and deco. The energy is great and the stylist are up on latest trends and styles.Melissa did color, cut and highlights which turned out awesome! Thank you and I will be back!
4	Went in for the first time. I loved how the salon looked. It was very cute. Everyone was friendly. Becca cut my hair. She took time to listen to what I wanted and did exactly what I asked for. Will definitely go back again
5	Johnny was awesome.   He listened and really cared to understand what I was looking for in my cut.  Finding a new stylist is such a pain and takes a lot of trust.   I feel like I can trust him.  Pricing was extremely reasonable.
5	Just had my color and extensions done by Ali! First off the salon is gorgeous, the music was so great! I was reminded on more than one occasion to keep my dancing below my shoulders lol ;)  walking into a positive and light environment is always a plus but I followed Ali from Platinum Entourage so I know I'm getting the real deal. She has been doing my hair for years and I can't trust anyone else! Her new salon is far for me but she's well worth the drive. Now let's talk hair! I always change my style and color and cut...Ali is always up for the challenge!  This time I went for a purple ombre. Yes electric color but she first makes me a normal ombre and did a killer job, I'm just not into "normal". She custom colored some extensions to put in so I can have mermaid hair. Heck yes, who doesn't want to feel like a Disney princess?! The installation is super easy, this girl knows her ish! After the install she hooked me up with some knockout layers. Not 3 layers or 5 layers or even chunky layers but seamless effortless sex goddess layers.  I'm in heaven and she hasn't even finished...she curls it! Done! Sold! She turns me around and I see the most gorgeous hair and it happens to be attached to my head! Can I take her home? Put her in my pocket and prep me for those camera ready moments I don't ever seem to get right by myself? Sad day, I can't but I can visit her for blowouts! The excitement of another good hair day is already pre booked!  I'm a fan and a follower for a reason...here's the after....that's the only reason you really read all that isn't it?
5	I just got home from getting my hair done and i'm so happy. First off, the place is in the most amazing/adorable setting and the salon itself is gorgeous. I was greeted when i walked in and was offered a beverage. Within minutes Ali, my stylist, came out and walked me to my chair. We went over what i wanted and she listened and offered different options. Needless to say, my hair came out amazing. I came in for something different and dramatic and it was done flawlessly. My favorite part was the entire crew, they were fun, especially Randi, and made it a totally laid back experience. It was so refreshing to walk into a place like that and have an entire staff of extremely down to earth stylists who actually know what they are doing.
3	I followed my stylist to this salon. Cole does amazing work with cuts and color. Listens to what you want. My experience at The Parlor is mixed. The place is clean and modern. Easy access to parking and relatively convenient for me. However, I do not care for the techno music that is played in the salon. I have also had difficulties getting appointments with my work schedule.   As much as I love my stylist, I may have to search for a new place soon.
5	My appointment was two Fridays ago, my stylist was Becca. I told her want I wanted and she did just that. I love stylist that listen to what you want. Plus she knew how to handle thick, which is always a plus. All the other hair salons around me are just cookie cutter salons. It's nice to walk into a place that is completely different. Will be returning for future appointments.
5	So I'm one of those people that kept going to salons that would never listen as to how short i want my hair cut nor listen to how i want it styled. I'm completely scarred about doing anything to my hair at salons.But then again, i've only been to asian salons so one of my friends (all of my friends) insisted that I try out an american salon.I live north side and was surprised to find a place not too far from here and had such great reviews. My hair stylist was Cole and he was really amazing. He made me feel very comfortable and relaxed about getting my hair done here, i completely trusted him in his professional and creative attitude about hair, had a hand message from him (amazing) and listened to great stories about him being involved as the lead hair designer for Las Vegas Fashion Week. Yep. Totally trusting this guy with anything hair related for me.My hair was pretty fried but he put to rest about any fears of me chopping my hair off short and gave me a nice layered (still long) trim. Very blended layers as he mentioned that choppiness is not what he's a fan of. Which is awesome. I love the subtle natural look that just pulls everything aesthetic together.My next step is color. Still looking around for what lighter color change i want :)If you really want a relaxing time while getting your hair done and the ability to really trust your hair stylist, The Parlor is such a great place to go.Thank you Cole!
5	I recently bought a Halocouture Hair Extension that I love, but my natural hair did not blend well with the cut I had. Since I spent a good bit of money on my Halo I wanted to make sure that it didn't get too cut up in the process of blending my hair with the extensions. After reading many yelp reviews, I decided on giving the Parlor a try and am extremely happy I did!! From start to finish I have no complaints at all! When I called I spoke with Randie, she was extremely sweet and patient in listening to why I was making an appointment. After explaining what I wanted, she suggested I make an appointment with Cole.When I arrived at the Salon this morning, the first thing I noticed was a little sign that had my name listed welcoming me as a new customer (a very cute little touch in addition the the salon's already great atmosphere).   I was warmly welcomed and offered water/coffee. When Cole came to greet me he was professional and personable. He listened as I explained what I wanted and gave me exactly that! My hair now blends in so nicely with my Halocouture and he was able to keep most of the length! I think one of my favorite things about The Parlor was the positive vibe! When Cole asked for another stylist (I did not catch her name) to help by blow drying my extensions not only was she quick to do so, but Randie also offered to help. Both Randie and the other stylist were so friendly!  When I asked Cole about his time as a stylist and at the Parlor, he spent a lot of time talking about how much he loves it and all the exciting things The Parlor is doing (including Fashion Week). It was such a pleasant experience to see how passionate he is about his profession and The Parlor. I've never been one to have a stylist or salon,honestly,  usually I just go wherever is convenient and cheap but am glad to say I'm official a fan of The Parlor and Cole! And will be a repeat customer for sure!
5	After a horrible 2 day ordeal with coloring my hair &  causing major damage. Ali was able to give me beautiful,  healthy hair again! Ali is amazing! Very Professional. I highly recommend you see her!
5	LUV The Parlor. The front desk guy Doug is such a nice fella. We take our whole family here to get the ol mops trimmed up.
5	After moving to Vegas, I had the hardest time finding someone to do my hair as well as back in Palm Springs. I finally found The Parlor. Matt does my hair but Randie did a blow out for me today and she is wonderful too. I require highlights, gray root coverage and I like my hair red with a precision cut. A lot to ask of someone. But Matt has MAD SKILLS and exceeds my expectations every time!!  I feel so lucky to be located nearby The Parlor in NW Las Vegas. They have great music playing, too!!
5	Come here for Ali all the time needed a style for a little photo shoot today she does an awesome job every time!!!
5	Ali is amazing! She tamed my frizzy hair and gave me an amazing hair cut. Thank you Ali!
5	Love everything about it. Seriously, from the location, parking, cute decor and fabulous service.... Two thumbs up.I read the yelp reviews before making an appointment and they were spot on. I ask for Randi because I read that she does great color and styles, but to be honest, all the other reviewers said the same about the other stylists.It's true though. I just left my second appointment with Randi and couldn't be happier. I wanted to go more than once just to make sure it was consistently a great experience before I left glowing reviews.She listens, discusses and nails it. I am super happy with the style and even happier now with the color. I come in with pics to mix and match looks from and she brings it all together. Not to mention, fun to talk to and an enjoyable atmosphere with the other stylists too.Defiantly recommend Randi and the salon!
5	I have to admit that I was bit apprehensive about my appointment with The Parlor.  I've had some mediocre experiences with haircuts in the past and have been looking for a new stylist for some time.  Becca did not disappoint!!!  She did a great job on my cut and color.  It wasn't even until I got home later that I realized just how well-blended my layers were and I was especially pleased with the tone of the coloring.  Becca was spot on and I will definitely be coming back.  The prices were reasonable for the quality and the hours are convenient.  I am so glad I found this place!!!
5	This was my first visit to The Parlor and I LOVED it!! I followed Ali from Platnum Entiurage to The Parlor and will follow her wherever she goes. She gave me the best cut, color, and highlight...as always! If you're looking for an amazingly talented stylist, stop in and see Ali, you will not be disappointed!! I travel from New York to see her once a month, she's definitely worth it!
1	Horrible, Horrible experience.   I was called just days before my big birthday cut and color to learn Johnny was not longer with the establishment.   I was reassured Ali was a whiz with color and short hair.  I should have cancelled.   I was a rolling disaster from there.  We discussed what I wanted, it sounded like she understood and long story shorts, 4 hours later my hair is not the right color or anywhere near the cut I asked .   Trying to be professional myself I let them kniw I was extremely dissatisfied.  24 hours later I was more pissed. I was offered to see Matt their lead stylist to evaluate abd correct.   I should have declined.   The day of my apt. I was advised he was too busy so they would put ne with Georgette.   Miss talks too much and does not listen to what you say.  I called her out in it several times.   I asked the highlights to be blended,  natural looking.   I got chunks.   I will NEVER go back.
5	My most memorable experience at The Parlor yet!! I wish I could give a million stars for this business and the incredible owners & stylists! I came in today for my birthday and was treated like pure royalty. I'm a regular, but even so, I was blown away by the outpouring of love. I have always had my hair done by Matt for years and will follow him to the ends of the earth, but I like to support the whole staff and spread the love to all stylists. My last visit my hair was awesomely transformed with Babe Extensions by Matt & the gorgeous Ali, and this time I visited Georgette for my color and cut. She was an absolute doll and rocked my hair! She have me gorgeous violet red color and updated my mane--I've got my long, side-swept bangs back, and she amped up my layers. My hair is pure silk right now, and I couldn't feel any more gorgeous than I do right now! Feeling great on my 31st birthday!! While my color was processing, I loved chatting with everyone--I absolutely adore that team!!! So, to Matt, Doug, Cole, Ali, Georgette, Melissa and Becca: thanks to ALL of you for making my day and keeping me gorgeous!!!!!!
5	Nice salon! I had an expertly shaped pixie cut from Cole.  Salon is beautiful and staff is friendly. Love my cut!
5	I am in love with my hair!!!   I found out about The Parlor while eating across the street and had to make an appointment.  I called earlier today to make one sometime this coming week and got an appointment that very day.  I walked in and was greeted with a smile.  My stylist was Georgette.  She listened to what I wanted and went above and beyond my expectation!!! I love my hair and I'll be back for another cut in 6 weeks.
5	Cole does a great job. Very comfortable salon for men.
5	First time at The Parlor, & will definitely be back!  Cole was my hairstylist and I loved all the wonderful attention he gave to my hair. He was genuinely interested in my outcome of the visit as well as his suggestions were so helpful. The place is so welcoming and everyone seems at ease. I had the most relaxing haircut ever!!  I also was impressed that they are open on Sundays, lots of parking and I was greeted in a timely manner by Cole when I arrived for my appointment time.
5	Loved everything about my experience at The Parlor! My stylist, Georgette, was amazing. On time, super friendly and totally in tune with what I was going for. She really listened to what I liked and partnered with me to come to a final plan of action, versus overpowering me with her personal preference or better yet, having no opinion at all. She was amazing and I only wish I'd found her sooner. I'm moving to California but will definitely keep her as my go-to girl in Vegas, no doubt!
5	I came into the parlor following my stylist Ali from Platinum Entourage,  I came in the day of my wedding for a root retouch and a blow out for my big day! Ali Always makes my hair (and my life) look and feel extremely beautiful so I knew that I would get exactly what I was wanting for my wedding! the second I walked into the parlor I felt glamorous and like I was a part of the family there!  Doug at the front desk has a sign put up welcoming new guests and my name was on it!! The parlor definitely pays attention to detail and doesn't disappoint!  I was asked if I wanted anything to drink, I declined but they had some pretty good choices ( water coffee tea wine) onto my color.... switching over from a different color line used at the other salon was a bit scary especially since there were no room for mistakes on one of the most important days of my life!  Ali gave me probably THE BEST color she's ever done.... I don't like anything crazy just a medium brown and a few high lights nothing loud.  FLAWLESS my blow out was incredible and lasted even past that day into the next! everyone at the parlor was extremely friendly and inviting all congratulating me on my big day and ready to jump in if needed. I've since been back for a treatment and my hair feels like silk! id definitely recommend the parlor to anyone I know! thank you for making me feel like a queen on my special day.
5	First of all, they have beer.  Second Georgette killed it!  It's nice to know I found a place in Vegas I can rely on for a solid cut, beer, style.  Definitely my new salon.
5	I tagged along with my husband to his first appointment with Kole. What a beautiful salon and such great people. The atmosphere, customer service and attitude towards their clients is amazing. Can't wait for my hair appointment there with Matt!
5	Go here!! Ali was amazing. Fast. Great results and product recommendations. I will be back!!! The salon is beautiful and everyone there was all smiles and they make you feel comfortable!  A hidden gem for sure. I will be letting everyone know. My hair is so thick and long and Ali breezed through it, leaving it so soft and we'll cut its perfect and she LISTENED! I wanted to keep my length and it was like she barely cut anything but it's still so much healthier.
5	I have been coming to The Parlor since they opened with my wife and my two year old and definitely love it! I can be fussy about my hair but Matt does a great job every time and always listens to what I want. My daughter will sit in the chair and get her hair cut no problem and that takes some work. The staff are always great with her and make sure she is entertained! My wife has been a long time client too and always raves about this place. Great work Parlor!
5	The only reason I havent already left a sky full of stars all over this joint is because I am tech challenged and just got the swing of this yelp biz. I'd give 20 stars if I could. Matt is my main/mane man, but everyone here is the bomb. Such a great vibe, positive peeps, awesome decor/location, and I walk out lookin and feelin supa dupa fly. Coming here is a great experience, and they know their stuff. Everyone from my mom to my friends have now started coming here after years of so-so hair do's other places and everyone has been delighted. Try it, I betcha youll love it too! Mad love to The Parlor!
3	I was surprised to have a bad experience here based on the Yelp reviews. I called to make an appointment with Matt since several of my friends really liked him. I spoke with Doug on the phone and after he asked who referred me, he said my bill would be higher than hers since she was a long-time client and wanted to prepare me for the sticker shock. Turns out my friend had only been there once and it was within the past two months...but I get it, prices change. Also, Doug had a hard time finding an appointment for me and recommended I get there before opening, no later than 8:30 so that Matt would have enough time for my hair. I asked if we should do another day since I didn't want the stylist rushing the first time I meet with them. Doug convinced me that as long as I got there by 8:30 Matt would have plenty of time.So, I get there at 8:20 and wait and wait and wait until 9:10 when they finally get there. Did they apologize? Nope. So I was totally nervous that Matt was going to rush and make a mess of my hair, but he took his time. I really liked Matt and he was easy to talk to and seemed super knowledgeable. My complaint is that my highlights/lowlights were done pretty far away from my scalp, to the point where my highlights looked 6 weeks old already (and my hair grows super slow!). Also, I have dark brown hair and hate when stylists use blonde/brassy blonde as the highlight. I usually want a light brown or caramel color. What did I get? Brassy blonde...ugh! I realize it's hard to get it right the first time around with a new stylist though. He also cut off more of my hair than I wanted, but I could say that about every hair cut I've ever gotten (I told you my hair grows that slow!). So...I call Doug and ask him if Matt would consider re-doing my hair. It had been two weeks since my appointment as I was out of the country and Doug said they usually only fix hair within the first week. He asked Matt and Matt offered to do a gloss on my hair to dull out the brassy blonde, but that wasn't going to fix the fact that the highlight was so far from my head. I went ahead and made the appointment to see what Matt would actually do when he saw it. He re-did my hair and was eager to make sure I was happy with it by the time I left. The reasons I'm giving them 3 stars instead of two:-The salon is very clean and pretty.-Matt is super friendly and there seems to be a good vibe in the place.-I honestly believe if you give him 2+ visits, he would get it right.The reason I'm not giving them a higher rating:-Doug has a bit too much sassitude for my taste.-It's pretty pricey, especially if they don't get it right.-It takes a long time. -They didn't make me feel comfortable asking for them to fix my hair.All that being said, I have 3 friends that LOVE this place and Matt, so this could've just been my own experience.
5	Got hair cut Friday from Matt.  Pleased as punch like always...  But it lasted through this morning (never can I make that happen, Matt you're magical). But the reason of this post is this:  NEVER UNDERESTIMATE THE VALUE OF AN EXCELLENT HAIRCUT..... I'm in a mad dash today and my hair blew dry perfectly, in minutes, the back looks awesome (I did nothing!).  That is no credit to my new blow dryer, it's all due to a perfect haircut.  Gave me the extra minutes to write this.  Time to dash!  Hugs to all Parlor staff.  Including the pretty one who sits in front drawing in new customers just by being dazzling!
5	Thank goodness for Ali and The Parlor! I've had so many bad hair experiences that I would go over a year between cuts because the stylists would always cut off way too much or give me horrible layers for my hair type. It was always a cookie cutter cut.   My 1st visit to The Parlor was impressive. Myself and my daughter were both ready for a change. We were greeted with a smile and very cute sign that welcomed us as new clients. My 13 loved that. Ali was our stylist and she was amazing. She took time to actually ask us real questions about how we maintain our hair, how we prefer to wear it, what styling products we use, and "played" with our hair before even touching the scissors! My daughter is African American and often times her hair is butchered when we have it cut or she's told she can't have long hair because it won't work. Well, Ali fixed my poor daughters hair that had been horribly botched a year before. Ali made sure to tell her how to keep her hair healthy and even set out a plan to help her to get it to grow out. She was so excited and felt hope instead of defeat for what she couldn't have.Now on to me, after 10 years of non-dyed hair if finally took the plunge! And I love it!!! Ali actually put a color on and started to prep for cutting but wasn't happy with the color and said she wanted it perfect. She did a little change and it was perfect!!! She listened to my past layering complaints and only cut off what was asked and did a beautiful job of making my hair easy to maintain. I've already booked our next appointments and am finally excited about going back the salon!
5	My first time visiting The Parlor was fantastic! So happy to have a professional Paul Mitchell salon on this side of town! Georgette is Amazing, so friendly and fun let alone talented and professional. She completely understood what I was trying to explain and the end result was exactly the look I wanted! I will absolutely be a returning client!
5	First time here. Got a haircut for $30. She did fantastic. Her name began with a G I think. She took very good care of me, very friendly as well as the other staff, great haircut best I've gotten..and I get a LOT of haircuts so thats saying something. Couldn't be happier. Go to supercuts, get trash for $10. Go here, get amazing service, a great haircut, good conversation, for $30.
1	I called during the week to make a consultation appointment with Doug to see Georgette.  My appointment was on a Saturday 11/8 at 11:30.  I received a text to confirm my appointment on Friday for the 11:30 time.  I responded with a "C" which was asked for to confirm.  The morning of I was busy and received another text of which I saw pop up as an "Appt today".  I did not read the whole text and assumed everything was fine.  At 11:21 as I was 30 seconds away from the salon I received a call from Doug telling me I missed my appt at 11:00.  I said no, my appt was at 11:30, I confirmed via text.  He then proceeds to tell me I called on Friday to change.  I NEVER DID and have since pulled cell phone records.  No call was made to that number on Friday the 7th.  After a few words and him trying to get me with another stylist that I did not want, I hung up.  I called back and asked to speak to the manager and Doug told me he was the manager.  We then got into a heated conversation about if I did or did not call.  He continually spoke over me at which point I started yelling.  He stated he could show his phone records to me, at that point I was sitting in front of the salon and told him so and that I would be right in.  He then informed me I was not welcome in the salon and hung up.  I hope that the owners of the salon read these reviews.  I was just floored at the level of customer service.  Not once did he even consider that this was a mistake on his part.  I will not be going to that salon no matter how great Georgette's reputation is.
5	It is so hard to find a great artist. I say artist because it takes skill to understand all types of hair. Ali is just that, a great artist and I'm very thankful for finding her. She gave me a console first followed by a great haircut. The next week I came back for color. All around clean, classy, customer service is off the chain, end result breath taking!! This place deserves your business!!!
5	Finally found the the perfect place for a fantastic haircut. Ask for Georgette, she is an awesome hair stylist & super friendly. Will def keep coming back.
5	Excellent job on my hair! It took awhile but it's worth the wait! I love coming here because it's cozy and my stylist Georgette is amazing!!
5	I have found my first and final hair lady!! I called to see if there was anyone who cut curly hair, and I got set up with Jenna. She is fantastic. Very nice, she gave my head a wonderful massage while washing my hair. She told me what she was doing in each step and my hair is so curly now. The last lady butchered it. The price was cheap for what I got, I tipped $20.
5	Such an amazing salon ! Everyone seemed like family here ! Will always come back here to get my hair done by Georgette she was amazing ! She knew exactly what I wanted done with my hair without me even knowing the outcome was beautiful and I'm very picky so its hard to please me but she did a wonderful job
