4	Loved it ! Great prices and products! Only complaint is the bakery employees are a little rude, but maybe it's just opening day jitters?? Either way, WinCo is my new grocery store of choice! Watch out Frys!!!!
1	I Realize this place has only been open for two days now, so I can't say for Sure, but the employees stocking items seem very unprofessional, rude, and lost...yes, lost. what i mean when i say this is that, no matter where in the store I was there was either a worker pushing me from behind with a dolly or a group of workers standing around trying to figure out what's next. while they were unloading boxes from palettes they would just stack the boxes up at the end of the aisles completely blocking off the aisles and would get bent out of shape if you, god forbid, tried to get past them.    I understand they're also saving you maybe 1-5 cents on a limited number of items compared to Wal-mart's big selection of rather low prices. I'm not really sure what "Employee Owned" means, but according to the "Employee" on Channel 3's news yesterday I'm guessing that means they can slack off as often as they want and treat customers any way they want without consequence.     all the aisles in the store are horribly unorganized, not like items out of place, but aisles out of place. for example, in the "meat" Section there is just different kinds of the same meats scattered about, not really a big deal, as i see they are trying to confuse people so people see more irrelevant items and try to pass them off as low-priced with propaganda to make people buy more.     as far as the design in the store, i have seen more color and excitement at a morgue. The walls are simple white with a blue stripe, the roof is just bare rafters and the floor is just polished concrete which is very unappealing.      now, I'm not so sure as I am not nor is anyone i know handicapped, but this place does not cater to handicaps in the slightest bit, being unsure on the matter but a long time ago wal-mart used to be like this, such as not letting handicap carts out the door, but over the years they lightened up as i see more and more carts in the parking lot there, LoseCo on the other hand has tall metal poles welded to the fronts of the handicap carts to prevent them from making it out the door as they would have to hire somebody to fetch them, also the poles are very distracting for customers, can't even imagine how distracting it is for the people who actually ride them.     as for the noise level in this place, i felt like i was visiting a factory, in one section there was a phone ringing off the hook over the loudspeaker and in another section there was a guy driving a scissor lift up-and-down aisles which caused a constant loud beeping noise.      upon checking out I quickly learned that they save you the few cents is by not hiring baggers. (let me get this straight, they are trying to make jobs for Arizonans, yet they don't have baggers... many of my friends who are also young-adults and looking jobs like that but no, they put the customer to work by making them do it thereself) If I wanted to be a bagger, I would.     on the plus side....... oh wait, sorry, there isn't one I'm not the kind to be so quick to judge but this place was awful,I will update this review if i ever go there again, but I honestly doubt I ever will.If only their opening really was an Apil Fools Joke, I have never been so disappointed in my life!
4	I liked this place. I picked up the stuff they had on the front page of the grand opening ad (coupons) It was all stuff we use or will be using. I spent 35 and saved 15.. The place is huge, seems to stock a crap load of everything. Prices seem good. Staff was helpful, bagging myself was not a problem.
3	I went back today. It was definitely less crowded, but still crowded enough to annoy me. It seems all the trashy people in the area congregated there this morning. I am giving it three stars because the bulk foods are awesome!!!! The employees are still rude, and I almost got ran over a few times by them and their restocking carts. So that is why I cannot give it anymore stars. 3 for the bulk foods and zero for the staff.
3	Well, interesting! Kind of hard to find your way around in........and going really late at night means you contend with people trying to re-stock. I think that's better than dealing with other shoppers during the day though! Checking out was one person working only after midnight. All the staff was very nice, even when you knew they didn't want to be ;o) You have to pack up your own groceries like  Fresh and Easy but I like this because I can do it my way......Prices on most things were pretty good! I got Alexia sweet potato tater tots for $2.69, which is cheaper than Sprouts I think. Waffle fries too......same price. They take coupons at face value........so far I think it's a yes for some stuff!
2	Checked it out since they just opened.  Has a very "warehouse" feel to it, which is fine since they bill themselves as discount, so I"m not holding that against them.  Overall, I'll give them 2 stars just because they had decent prices on a lot of things.  But as far as shopping experience goes, I'll probably never go back.  I literally waited 25 minutes or more in the checkout line.  And this was hardly at peak shopping time (11 pm).  Let's just say the help there is not exactly top-notch.  You also have to stay on your toes so you don't get run over by the employees stocking shelves, pushing dollies like they're racing or something.  And they  don't take credit cards, which is kind of annoying.I hate shopping at Walmart, but I'll shop for groceries there before I go back to this place.  I think I'll just stick to Sprouts and Frys.
2	Right now it's a two...UNLESS you live within a few blocks.  I'm  sure we'll try it again some day....Prices?  If I give you a deal on one, I gotta take it back on another.  Didn't your father or mother ever tell you -- there is no free lunch!
4	I guess Phoenix is Really tired of paying top dollar for groceries. Great intro prices if you can dodge the crowds, but it is open 24 hours so go Late! Reports seems to be saying that the prices will increase after a few months of pulling people in, so continue to check the ads. The produce was super cheap and the seafood department looked interesting. Not really into the bulk foods, but for Food Preppers it must be heaven. You need to bag your own orders and NO CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED. They do take manufacturers coupons, but do not double them. As long as they keep the quality up, I think they will do great. As a side note, they DO HAVE electric carts for disabled/elderly  people.
2	Made the mistake of coming here on opening day.  Not a good idea for someone with anxiety issues.  They had a bunch of really good deals, but I fear it is probably going to be the same as going to Walmart.  And I HATE going to walmart.
2	-No Credit Cards accepted!-Prices were cheaper than WalMart ONLY by a few cents (not worth waiting in line for a small savings!)-WalMart will match WinCo's ad.-Parking was ok, busy on a Friday afternoon.-No available shopping carts.-Lines were so long, as if this was the ONLY grocery store in the entire Valley! (check out my photos)-Bulk food area.-Too busy for my liking
2	This place reminds me of what an oversized love child of Walmart, a dollar store and a ghetto Fry's (think Cave Creek & Hatcher) would look like.  Yes prices are cheap, but its chaotic inside and the people are worthy of having a website dedicated to them (People of...).  Last time we were here, we witnessed several people eating the fresh fruit right from the bags in the produce section. Who does that?  I would rather pay $1 more for my box of cereal at Safeway then shop here.
2	So I went back here again, I can't say i Like the place any better, some food is dirt cheap but some other foods are twice as expensive to make up for it, The Cashiers are too old to be doing a job that should be done fast and efficiently, the checkout lines as well as the deli are still rather long, Being in here to buy something in-particular with the "Low-Price" in mind just to find out they don't carry it, was rather disappointing.I will go back, as absolutely needed but this will definitely not be my store of choice.
5	Great prices compared to ANY store around! Produce is amazing! Beautiful, large produce and the best prices I've seen around. The design could be a little better to help with the flow of traffic, and they do cut some corners to help lower prices to customers, but I don't mind bagging my own groceries for lower prices. It does have a warehouse store feel, but you don't have to buy in bulk or pay for a membership. My family has been there 3 times now, and will definitely go back again. Oh, and they don't accept credit cards, but that's what debit is for.
2	Winco Foods is all the rage now.  Will this continue or will Winco lose it's luster once it's just another grocery store and the new kid in town?There's nothing special about Winco.  It's your typical grocery.  I'm not a savvy coupon clipper or price matcher so I cannot attest to the savings to be had at Winco.  A thrifty shopper I know claims the savings are to be had.That said there are two negatives that shine brightly at Winco: credit cards not accepted and cheap bags.Do not come here if your earnings are running low.  I just gathered my weekly groceries and expected to charge 'em.  Not a surprise I was looking forward to after waiting in the long lines.On my first visit most of the bags were torn up the seam and the handles were split.  For one reason or another the cashier actually helped bag my haul.  How she could hand over bags so blatantly ripped is beyond me.On the plus side, Winco stocks Shasta Tiki Punch.Winco isn't a terrible place but I don't see any reason to jettison Fry's and Target (unless I'm in the mood for Tiki Punch).Take it or leave it.
4	I didn't know what to expect when I arrived at Winco.  It is a huge warehouse type of store, which I liked.  The aisles were huge, there were a lot of different options, and there were some items that you could buy in bulk.  The items we bought were less expensive than the competitors prices.  The only item that we noticed was not cheaper than other places was the milk.  So, get the milk somewhere else, but everything else was a steal.
2	Like everyone has said, it is hit or miss. Some prices are great ( produce, bulk items,   stuff like that) But other items, the prices are like WOW?! Are you kidding me. It really depends on what you are looking for. I have been here a few times now, mostly for the bulk seasonings and a few of the produce items. I am not sure if I would buy anything else, unless the prices are just hard to beat. Best times to go are early in the mornings as it gets crazy crowded later in the day.
4	I didn't think I was shopping in Mexico, sounds like somebody just hates people of color. I don't go to Walmart, (check out the poverty levels of Walmart employees before shopping there). Bagged my own groceries but actually went through a check stand instead of doing that myself (which I hate). Used my debit card, fabulous prices, clean, keep going to Walmart people, more room for me.
3	If the prices do remain low then it's a great deal for a lot of things but you have to know what prices are on products because not everything is cheaper. I like it for the option to buy the food in the bulk bins but then again sprouts isn't much more expensive and it's a lot easier to navigate.
2	The bulk items here are really the only consistently priced items in the entire store. They do have some occasional good deals.... for example.... milk right now is only 1.57..... but other than those occasional sale items there are really no good deals here. I highly recommend going late at night.....otherwise you will have to wait in very long lines....and the prices are not worth it. One other important note here...if you shop with a credit card.....don't bring it here....they don't except them. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends....but do your grocery shopping somewhere else!!!!
4	So there are mixed reviews here. I can understand where some people really wouldn't like this kind of place. However, for my family of 6 its perfect.Protip: Leave the kids home if you can and go later in the evening. They are open 24/7 and it gets PACKED.This place is the IKEA of grocery stores. They only take debit, or cash (Which I may add is CLEARLY displayed when you walk in the door), and you have to bag your own groceries, I am used to this anyway so it doesn't bother me and if you can bag your house decorations at IKEA, gosh darn it you can do it here too.They have tons of items that you can buy in bulk, Candy, Spices, Peanut Butter, Rice, Dog Food, the list goes on. They even have a place to grind your own Peanut Butter. (awesome!)The Deli makes fresh pizza crusts, my hubby stopped by to get two on his way home from work and they were out, but they made him some brand new ones right on the spot. 2.00 for a huge pizza crust. Can't get any better.Great Service, great prices, a little crowded but thats to be expected when you are the new kid in town and everyone is checking it out.I may have just found a new grocery store. Sorry Frys.
4	If you are price conscious, you'll love Winco.  Yes, the normal prices may be comparable to Walmart, but the sale prices can be unbelievable (e.g., Honey Bunches if Oats for $0.98!!!) and the selection is that of a full grocery store (unlike Walmart).  They have a decent selection of Mexican & Asian produce, spices, sauces, noodles, etc and the prices are very good (I find Asian ingredients especially over-priced at Fry's, Albertson's & Safeway).  The bulk section has a great assortment of flours, sugars, spices, pastas, trail mixes, beans, rices, candy, nuts...awesome if you're trying a new recipe that calls for ingredients you don't already have/would rarely use.  Very good prices on beer & wine as well ($13.98 for a 30 pack of Coors).Cons are: can be quite busy (although I think it's already less busy than when it first opened), cash/debit only, and some slightly unusual ingredients aren't stocked (I was making Greek food and needed lamb & feta, neither were available).
5	We went to the Grand Opening of the WINCO up on Bell Rd and 7th Ave and it was a madhouse. But the prices were better than other grocery stores overall. We have been back a few times afterwards and the huge crowds have gone down. Prices on fresh produce are great! Just picked up pineapple for 98 cents each! I like the fact that they don't allow credit cards. It keeps the prices down for the consumer :-) We have been bringing our own bags for use and I like the feature of the cashier lines to allow you to easily bag your own groceries. I like the earth friendliness of the store.It's open 24/7. It's probably one of the reasons the Safeway on 19th ave and Union Hills is closing.The staff is very friendly and helpful. I haven't had any issues with questions I have asked of them.Overall - a pleasurable place to shop :-)
5	Winco is a great grocery store. I can get almost everything I need there.This place gets a bad rap and I don't know why.Here's their angle: They don't take credit cards (but debit is OK. And it says so ON THE DOOR) and they don't hire people to bag (you just do it yourself). Then they take the savings and make their prices lower, and I don't see anything wrong with that. I don't know what they pay their employees but they certainly don't seem to be the soulless braindead wage-hostages you see at your average WalMart.There's no pharmacy though, and their vitamin/supplement selection is kind of weak so there's still a need for me to go to Frys once in a while. But they have awesome stuff there. Tons of things you can but in bulk by the pound (Candy, rice, dog food, snacks, nuts, coffee, honey, peanut butter, and more)We're going on a camping trip soon and we found packs of hotdogs for like 60 cents, camping-size tanks of propane for about 3 bucks, giant marshmallows, and 3ft wooden skewers for them all on the cheap.I got a 12 pack of off-brand 5 Hour Energy for like $8 there last time too and they are just as good. And the $2 pre-made pizza crusts...amazing deal.I really like this place. Of course it's busy because the prices are so good, so go late. They are open 24Hrs for a reason. Haters gonna hate.
5	This place is amazing.Amazing selection of stuff (ethnic, produce, meats, deli items, bakery, and ICE CREAM).  They sell several regional brands from the Pacific NW, I've been told, if you are a home-sick Seattle-ite who has relocated here.AMAZING PRICES.Seriously, it's like Costco, except you can buy in quantities that don't require you to bring a tow-along trailer with you to the store.You need to be selective with produce sometimes, because some of it can be ripe in the store, so I find it doesn't last long at home.  I've noticed this mostly with tomatoes and asparagus.  Beautiful in the store, but you'd better plan on eating them right away.The inside is warehousy, but much nicer than Food City, Food4Less, and Wal-Mart.  My only 2 minor annoyances are:1) You can only walk in one direction (down the Specials Hall of Fame) when you enter the store.  If I want to pick up a loaf of bread and some eggs, it'll take me a few minutes just to get there.2) This place can get seriously crowded.  Like ditch the cart at the end of the aisle so you can weave down the aisle to pick up what you need and bring it back.  Good news is that it's (also amazingly) open 24hrs/day and it can be very manageable at off-peak times.I find myself wondering how they can stay in business.  So much stuff and such low prices in an industry that I know operates on razor-thin margins...TIP #1: Self-checkout machines are super-easy to use (even for produce) and rarely back up.TIP #2: If you get them when they're fresh, their bagels are excellent!!
5	Love their fresh fish section..open late and friendly service
5	Open 24 hrs a day & has some great values.  I had a full grocery cart and still spent under $100.00 with the specials they had going.
4	The deals rotate almost daily, but you can get some high quality produce cheap.  They do a great job luring people in with deals on junk food I've never heard of, like Shasta cola.  Prices are much better than costo, make sure you bring cash.
4	-No Credit Cards accepted!-Prices were cheaper than WalMart ONLY by a few cents (not worth waiting in line for a small savings!)-WalMart will match WinCo's ad. so i am back to shopping at Walmart.
3	Oh winco, how i love shopping in the bulk section. i give this place 3 stars because...huge droves of people freak me out.
5	I love WinCo.  The store is enormous, spotlessly clean, the prices are extremely low, the selection is amazing.  Their produce, meat, dairy and bakery sections are wonderful, and the final (huge) plus is that the staff is genuinely friendly and extremely outgoing.Another interesting thing about WinCo is their huge bulk food section and food storage area.  Perfect for those of us that like to have a few things in deep storage...just in case of a zombie invasion.The only thing I don't like about WinCo is that there isn't one nearer to the center of Phoenix.  I have to drive clear up to Bell Road and 7th Avenue to get to it and that is pretty far.  But let me assure you, it IS totally worth the drive!!Now, I see that some folks are saying in their reviews that WinCo doesn't accept debit cards: THIS IS FALSE.  I just used my debit card here this last weekend...CLARIFICATION FOR THOSE THAT ARE UNSURE ABOUT THE PAYMENT POLICY: They do NOT accept credit cards.  They *DO* accept debit cards.  Easy tip to tell the difference between the two different kinds of cards:  -If you sign for your purchase it is CREDIT.-If you enter a pin number it is DEBIT.The more you know...
4	Massive. My husband described as a walmart version grocery store.They have some really good deals if you take the time to walk the store, and use the coupons (which are usually pretty good).The produce prices are fantastic and so is the dry goods, scoop your own area. 2.98 for raw almonds??! A steal!It's open 24 hrs, though this area is a bit sketchy at night. I don't think I'd go there late in the evening.Just something to keep in mind. I don't know how well lit the parking area is, so take my opinion on that with a grain of salt.I went on a weekend, and there was no line at the register I chose, though it was very crowded. They also accept manufacturer coupons, which is nice!Someone reviewed they don't accept cards? Not the case when I went..maybe that was a temporary glitch. I don't know that I can go there often; I get that costco anxiety. Do I really want to walk a mile for a gallon of milk and eggs?Also, I don't see that they have many natural or organic options (no organic eggs/etc). Just some "food" for thought!
2	No credit, weird layout,  not much fresh food
5	I came here again for groceries with my teenage daughter this weekend since I received a $10 off of a $50 purchase coupon in the mail.  (Yes!)  It's a bit of a drive for me to get up here since I live nearer downtown Phoenix, but I think it's worth the drive if I go once a month or so.Firstly, I'll begin this review with perhaps my ONLY criticism of the store and that is that there isn't an apparent plastic bag recycling box at the front of the store like there are at so many other grocery stores.  I just assumed there would be one and was caught off guard when I walked up there with my used bags and I couldn't find one.  Oh well...  So, anyway I was once again, dazzled by the enormous selection of various goods.  Their selection in each department (including bulk goods) is so big that it's like a grocery store on steroids. And once again the prices were fabulous.Also, a new thing for me this time was the presence of some very friendly employees stationed around the store offering samples of the different goods that the store had on sale that day.  My daughter and I sampled their whole wheat French bread and a garlic butter spread, a new type of cold cereal from Post, some toasted flat bread, some crab cakes, and finally some Progresso brand clam chowder.   It was nice.  The checkout process was efficient and the cashier was friendly and fast.  He applied my $10 off of $50 coupon, then he asked me how many of my own bags I had brought so that he could credit my grocery bill for it.  I don't know exactly how much credit you get for each reusable bag, but it's still awesome.  My daughter bagged our groceries and before I knew it we were ready to leave.  (And you say child labor like it's a bad thing...)  We got out of there with a cart STUFFED to the brim with fresh produce, tons of meat, four gallons of milk and a dozen yogurts, several loaves of bread, plus a bunch of name brand grocery items (including two big bags of cat and dog food) for just about $120.  In comparison, I estimate I would have spent about $150 for all that food at a competing grocery store. Score!
4	For those of you from Cali and not near a Winco, this is just like Food for Less. It's huge and you bag your own groceries. Then again this is actually bigger. First time here and as much as the helpers have me a whole lot of great info, this place is still overwhelming.  For newbies, come prepared to spend a lot of time whether you want to or not. It just takes a while to find things bc it's so expansive.Lots to choose from. Prices do seem somewhat competitive. Doesn't necessarily have everything though as big as it is. I was craving blueberries and none were to be seen. No biggie though. The self serv bins were cool. You can even buy cereal, honey and agave like that.  And they have a machine that makes fresh peanut butter and almond butter. Crazy!
4	This store is like the Costco (with no membership required) of supermarkets in some ways.  No, you don't have to buy everything in bulk.  No, you don't have to join any membership.  But, yes credit cards are not accepted.The wall of values when you first walk in has some good deals.  I've gotten toothpaste there as well as Vlassic dill pickle spears.  This store also has a large bulk foods selection (one of the largest I've seen).  Can this be your everyday supermarket, no.  Can you strategically shop for items you want here and end up saving money, yes.  Also, I would disagree with people who say that this store is in a bad neighborhood at night.  While it's certainly not North Scottsdale or Ahwatukee, it's by no means a bad neighborhood.
4	The fruit/veggie selection is pretty good. The bulk selection is fantastic. Don't get the fresh fish, it's not all that fresh.......lesson learned the hard way.The prices are lower than Sprouts, Fresh & Easy, Fry's, Basha's and Safeway.
4	This is our neighborhood grocery store. Prior to moving to North Phx I'd never been to a Winco. ITS HUGE. I find it much easier to shop on weekday mornings/afternoons, rather then weekends. It kind of gets overwhelming on the weekends. Think Costco crowded when they have all of those stupid food samples out. (drives me crazy) Anyway, the deli has really good macaroni salad and the rotisserie chickens are like 3 bucks(!) You bag your own grocery's and they have paper bags :) that makes me happy. Overall, its great. Just have to pop a xanax before shopping on the weekends.
5	Crazed berserker bulk shopping!WinCo is how a person who lives alone ends up buying enough boneless, skinless chicken breasts to cater a mid-sized wedding, should anybody in my neighborhood need to have a mid-sized wedding. Otherwise, summer 2013 is now the Season of the Chicken Breast. $1.98 a pound, baby!The bulk section is mind-boggling. It includes mini-ravioli and tortellini. It sells nuts at a price that's not nuts. It offers more varieties of interesting candy than mall stores that specialize in that sort of thing.As you get into produce, meat, and bakery, bear in mind that this store is designed for middle-class or working-class, large-family, middle-of-the-road shopping. It's about bags of oranges and potatoes, along with blocks of cheddar, massive packs of hamburger or chicken, and eggs in mass quantities. There are "better" mainstream brands (e.g., Deli Selects, Chobani yogurt) and some exotic items like ground buffalo, but if you're looking for the kinds of cheeses found in the deli at Fry's or Safeway, or if you want custom-sliced deli meat, or if you're looking for produce of the quality that Sprouts offers on a good day, WinCo is not that store. (You can, however, buy a whole pig's foot still attached to the leg.)The canned, boxed, and frozen food sections are seemingly endless and very well-stocked. If you're fit enough to keep pushing that heavy cart for another mile, you can score items that are hard to find. It's the only store I've ever seen to carry the full line of Jiffy muffin mix flavors, including the semi-mythical raspberry (which is probably ghastly, but I feel fulfilled for having been in its presence).I give WinCo 5 stars because it doesn't pretend to be a chi-chi-mart (and indeed, for fresh produce, I want something nearer to home for frequent trips) and for the middle-of-the-road stock-up shopping that it's designed for, it's superlatively easy, fun, and cheap.
4	Great place to go to, and you can always find good buys!
3	Tradewinds green tea by the gallon alone worth the trip but otherwise a massive grocery in former Sam's Club location, one of two fairly close by on Bell Road.  Has a lot of everything, but in all that massive store, they don't have pimiento cheese spread.  They do, to their credit, currently have at least a few pluots, that incredibly delicious apricot-plum hybrid, and those seem be hard to find!
4	Always great prices and nice produce selection.  Always get what I want at best prices in town, got to love the Winco!
2	The best I can say is there are lower prices on many items compared to other grocery stores in the area and there are also convenient portions of deli items.What I don't like?Store seemed unorganized, food is in different sections through out, with household items in the middle.Bag your own groceries. It was a large shopping trip, I wasn't aware of the policy, and I was getting stared down for taking so long by other customers. Eeek!!Lacking in customer service- Didn't see anyone to ask a question to.Crowded.Long checkout lines.Many brands I've never seen elsewhere and I do go to many other discount stores.I don't plan on going back. It would be less frustration to just go to a store that matches prices.
4	Win Co is employee owned and operated! Thats big points with me- that and the ridiculous awesome low prices! The prices remind you of when name brand stuff was affordable... Like CEREAL :))) you dont need a big brother tracking card to get your savings- you just save. No smoke and mirror shopping here- straight up savings. Not to mention how clean and bright it is. This is where i grocery shop now :))) 4stars cause the place is HUGE- and i dig a smaller shopping center- other than that - im happy:)))
4	I grew up back East, in Upstate NY. A lot of our grocery stores had big bulk sections. I moved here 11 years ago and I'm surprised by the lack of bulk sections, except for Sprouts.I love WinCo. Their produce selection is pretty good. But the bulk section is what keeps me coming back. You can get bulk everything. I get granola, dried blueberries, nuts, even pasta. They have small racks with recipes throughout the section, too. I also like that they post the prices of their competitors. Coffee is almost 30% cheaper there (I like to buy beans). The employees are happy. That makes a difference to me. Also, they have an amazing social media presence.
5	It's all about the BULK FOODS!!!!! I absolutely love this place. It is not close to my house at all but I will make the trip because I usually save at least $20.
4	When Winco first opened up I wasn't too impressed. It was - well - just okay. But it seems that it is improving slowly over time. Like other foodies, I am impressed with the bulk items. Their coffees are very good. My favorite is the dark cherry. Occasionally Winco surprises me with certain items. For example I recently saw Callebaut chocolate in industrial size bars of white and dark. This is a high quality product that isn't easy to find unless you work in a food establishment that can order it. At Halloween they carried bulk caramel apple candy corn. I have only been able to get that back east from Amish grocers or from a store on ebay. Another item I pick up once in a while is the family size assorted package of pork chops. These are actually some of the best I've had. I like to take the bone-in pork chops and coat them with extra virgin olive oil. Then I sprinkle on a mixture of dried garlic, pepper, rosemary and coriander that has been ground with a mortar and pestle. I sprinkle it on both sides of the chops. 25 minutes in a toaster oven at about 425 degrees and they are outstanding.I am leary of the fresh produce. I will only buy it if I intend to use it the same day because I have seen it go bad too quickly.One of the items that seems to have disappeared is the long individual hoagie rolls. Some of us from back east still like to make our own authentic hoagies and Philly cheesesteaks. It would be nice if those rolls made a return.The employees that I have asked for help have been kind to me. I appreciate that.
3	Winco does not accept credit cards and we  have observed many people arrive at the checkout only to find out they must use cash or debit cards.They do have a sign inside the front  door but the title at the top says Credit Card Services. They then have a list of polices following. When most people arrive at Winco for the first time, they are overwhelmed by everything they see. They are not looking for a sign that tells them how they must pay for their groceries! This puts a customer in an embarrassing spot as others are usually waiting in line behind them. I understand why Winco has the policy, I just think they should make sure their customers are aware of it before they arrive at the checkout.
3	I miss this place!  I used to live in Phoenix and did a lot of shopping at Winco, and at Food City, Frys, and Fresh and Easy.  Winco had awesome specials but usually on limited items/flavors but it still made it worth a trip there. Many times when I used manufacturer's coupons, I got items for free and a few times they owed me money. Bulk area is awesome.  It made it easy to buy just the amount you want. We used bulk beans, rice, popcorn, and dog treats.  The isles are spaced nicely so even when it's busy, it's not overly crowded.  I agree with others that you do need to do your research before going though, because some items are over priced. I usually went to 4 grocery stores to do shopping, depending on the products on sale to get the most bang for my buck though.  If it was too high at Winco, I just wouldn't buy it there.  Be prepared to bag your own groceries.  Most produce was fine, except for the celery which was always dried out and nasty. They had specials on watermelons quite frequently and they were always really good.
2	There are some good prices on things.  But selection of flavors is not great.  If you like low sodium or low fat versions of foods, you will find Winco does not meet your needs.  I was very disappointed in them today when I tried to buy produce there.  I went to the avocados and found a whole boxful already rotten.  Not ripe, not very ripe. Rotten.  Squishy with flies.  Same with the tomatoes.  Do they think that's good enough for their customers?Moving on to dairy and other perishables, I found you have to watch the expiration dates, some were within 2 days of it.  Stock up on prepackaged items when they can be had for a good price, but I can't see doing my regular grocery shopping here.
4	This store is overwhelming. It's the poor man's Costco/Sam's Club. The prices were cheaper when it first opened (holy hummus, Batman), but everything's still pretty cheap. I don't go here a lot because I've found I end up buying things I don't really need (because I MIGHT NEED IT ONE DAY, IT'S SO CHEAP). haha. I also can't carry much at a time because of my back, and I was always buying more than I should carry, so I've acquiesced to Wal-Mart shopping, despite my misgivings about corporate greed, etc etc. It's a great store if you have the time, the money, and a friend or a car to help you carry the bags home.
3	Got sick from the feta cheese I bought here, which was spoiled. Asked to return it but was told there are no returns on perishable items. I have always liked shopping at Winco, and they often have better prices than competing stores for many food items. Never had a problem with their foods before.
4	A health food store this is not. Don't get me wrong, you can get healthy food here, but you have to wade through a sea of temptingly delicious processed food to find it. The prices on most everything are great. Be forewarned, you will have to bag your own groceries and the lines are long.
3	I shop here occasionally for groceries. I find pretty good prices on produce. An occasional good deal on fresh deli meats. They don't have regular weekly sales, but they do offer specials throughout the store. Overall, it's clean, has a decent selection in each department and good prices. While not my favorite place to shop, I do stop here for a good deal on their lower priced items.
5	When I first started coming to WinCo I would walk through the isles and marvel at how much lower the prices were on the exact same items I was buying elsewhere. After a couple years my jaw doesn't drop anymore, but I am still pleasantly surprised by the lower prices.It becomes apparent where WinCo is able to save money: warehouse style, bagging yourself, no credit cards, limited variety of items.  These are all fine with me, but don't get hung up on the variety.  They still have name brand, not just every kind. 1-2 name brand and 1-2 generic variations per item.Their produce is always terrific and so much cheaper than other places. How can they get away with selling bell peppers so cheap?  They also have a great bulk item selection with items you wouldn't expect to be sold by the pound. Individually wrapped candies, croutons, big sugar-free candy selection.Great place, I just wish there was one in Scottsdale.
