5	I saw this place listed in the RJ. It listed it had honey dipped fried chicken. The BF likes this and so few places have it. We thought we would just have to go down rainbow, cross over Blue Diamond Rd and we would be there. Well The road stopped, we turned around ended up having to go back to Buffalo, then a left on Cactus, which we thought was closed as well. Then follow the cones make a right and there is a small shopping center with a Bounty Tavern. The cafe is right next door. I have to say after this journey of trying to get there, it was worth it and then some. It is a cute little place. Two young men working the room. Both were very nice and very attentive. The place is very clean. Decent menu. Plus specials. The BF ordered his chicken, which came with mashed potatoes and white gravy, and a choice of green beans or steamed veggies. My dad and I ordered the special, which was a 8oz filet wrapped in bacon, also with the mashed potatoes and white gravy, and the green beans. The dinners also came with either soup or salad, The food was homemade or as they say, from scratch and it was delicious. The gravy was so light and tasty. I do not normally care for white gravy, but this was very good. The green beans were perfectly seasoned. The filet was like butter as we New Yorkers like to say. The BF loved his fried chicken. we also had the desert as it too was from scratch. Yummy chocolate cake. If you are up for the journey give it a try. You will not be disappointed. It is such a way out there location, I hope they can get the customers.
5	This place has it all! Good food, good service and the feeling like your mom's in the kitchen making your food (except it's really their dad). This family run eatery is truly a hidden gem. My husband and I eat here almost every weekend. The portions are large and the prices are very affordable. Hubby always orders the chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy- YUM! But if you really want to know why this place rocks, order the pancakes!!! Trust me, you'll never go back to IHOP again.We usually come for breakfast but they serve lunch and dinner as well. Added bonus, they deliver!!
5	We love, love, LOVE this place. It's become our go-to place for weekend dinner delivery (and the occasional weeknight,) although we've also eaten at the restaurant for breakfast a few times. It's super cute inside, and was really decorated homey for Christmas. Service is great and delivery is fast, prices are reasonable. I dont think we've ever had a bad meal here. Their fish and chips are amazing, especially their chips! Steaks are great, soups, burgers, sandwiches, shrimp basket, fries, clam chowder and other soups all have been good as well. Husband loves the Salmon Dinner Special and Steak/Shrimp Dinner Special. The only meal I wasn't super crazy about was their Chicken Parmesan Special, just seemed like they slapped on marinara sauce over otherwise battered chicken - no parmesan breadcrumbs and definitely not cheesy enough. And I haven't even mentioned the breakfast... So GOOD! Even with delivery, everything arrives hot and tasty. Their biscuits and gravy are one of my favs, eggs, bacon, sausage. You just can't go wrong with Our Families Country Cafe!
3	This place sure is hidden!! We heard about this place when I was going through my coupons, and decided to try it out since it was buy one get one. Honestly, it was a little overdone. The place looked so cluttered with decorations, it was almost overkill. The coffee was decent, and food was alright, nothing spectacular. The service is why this is only getting 3 stars, and not 4... it was HORRIBLE. Our server came over to our table and seemed like she was in a rush - except there were only 3 other tables there. She took our order so quick and abrupt that it was almost like if you didn't have a quick answer for her, she would yell at you! She never explained the difference between batter bits and home fries, so we each just got one. She never came back to ask us how we were doing, until the end of the meal when she handed us our check.I ordered chicken fried steak, and my man got the pork chops with eggs. Both were good... like I said before, nothing out of the ordinary, and definitely not bad, just not memorable. Also, the only difference between the batter bites, and home fries was with or without peppers and onions. And WHY are they called batter bites anyways?? Makes it seem like it should be pancakes, or something with BATTER not potatoes with peppers/onions. This place has so much potential, but it's just missing the mark. Get better service, and de-clutter your brand new restaurant, and maybe it would be more inviting, and make us want to come back.
3	Nice neighborhood spot located in Mts. Edge, good coffee shop, however portions could be bigger. Home fries aren't exactly a high dollar item so let me worry about my weight thank you surgeon general.  Also, There is no kids menu.  I paid nearly just a dollar shy for my 2yr olds plate as I did for mine, & I even asked the woman if they had a kids deal, when I got the bill they charged for all sides, better to just order a regular meal & share out what your child won't eat, then you'll both be full.
5	Still 5 stars as far as I am concerned. The food is always great. I am not really a mashed potato fan, except here. Homemade and the best white gravy I have ever had. The service is always great. And they give you their gold card and I have only used it twice and I got 5% off. In this economy every little bit helps.
5	This restaurant is absolutely FANTASTIC!! Unfortunately it is hidden in Mountain's Edge and hard to find unless you know they are there. Their food is awesome and the service is great! The waitress always takes the time to make sure everything is going great. They know all of our names and our drinks are on the table right when we walk in.  My family eats there once a week for breakfast and usually have food delivered once a week for dinner.  Every single menu item that my husband and I have ordered has been fabulous, we haven't found one thing that we wouldn't eat over and over.  Every night of the week they have special for dinner and the best special is the Spaghetti and meat sauce, it is excellent. The decor is also great, makes you feel like you're right at home and not at a restaurant, especially during the holidays. During Easter they even do a egg hunt for the kids, raffle off prizes and have a bouncy house that my daughter is still asking about. We've been visiting this restaurant since they opened and will definitely continue!!
5	WOW.... So I am not far from this place and I will be back for sure...The chicken fried steak is off the charts..  the drinks are big.. refills are frequent and food is perfect size and taste better than any breakfast I have had on the strip....I am born and raised here in Vegas and I will be back at this place a lot
4	The decor is interesting... but a cozy little place, very well hidden from the rest of Vegas!  The menu is small, but well rounded for American fare.  I had the fish fry platter... just the right serving size, most places give you entirely too much food, this place was just right.  The mashed potatoes were AMAZING!!  Due to being full, and needing to run a race tomorrow, I passed on dessert, but we plan on going back soon for coffee and dessert, the peach cobbler option sounds too good to pass up!
4	Our Families Country Cafe is literally a hidden gem. It is tucked away at the end of Cactus road near Mountain's Edge. Surrounded by construction, the address states S. Rainbow but no maps tell you that Rainbow does not go through to Cactus yet.That being said.....THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS. Well worth the confusion!I had the Two Step Breakfast (2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, 2 sausages, and choice of 2 pancakes or toast) $7.75. Hubby had the very delicious biscuits and gravy. Both were served with "batter bites" crispy, well flavored potato nuggets of bliss. The waitress was super nice. I would love to go back soon since I noticed there was fresh baked pie on the menu. She even said they deliver. Check out their website!My only star knock off is the fact that they inundate you with country music. Ok, I know the restaurant has "country" in it's name, but I really do not appreciate the twang. The inside is super cozy with lots of country style knick knacks on the walls.
4	I wish I has written a review of this place sooner as I've been here several times and have never been disappointed. I discovered this hidden gem before the buzz on Yelp from, believe it or not, a menu left on my doorstep. Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day so it was worth a shot.Like others have said, it's difficult to locate as it's hidden within Mountain's Edge. Once you find it, you will definitely be back again.So far I've tried the Chicken Fried Steak and the Corned Beef Hash which are mouthwateringly good. The portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. I can honestly say this place makes the best Chicken Fried Steak ever.The place is family owned and the service is warm and friendly. They know a lot of their patrons by name so that says something about their quality of service.Don't be deterred by the wrong directions on google maps. If you're looking for some good old family cooking, this is the place to be!
4	**Summary**       - Taste - The rib-eye steak sandwich was pretty good, but their BBQ burger is what will keep me coming back. Also, their seasoned fries were delicous too.       - Service - It might be because we came in after a group of 12, but it took an hour for us to order and get our food.       - Location - It's pretty hard to find. The address on google maps points you elsewhere. If you go east from Buffalo Dr and Cactus Ave, it's where the road ends.**Ordered**       - $8.95 Rib-Eye Steak Sandwich - Steak was a little thin, but very flavorful (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fW7SHgmidc32kHSoyLTM2A?select=lXru8IuEhgR41KQtOa0Dow).       - $7.99 Cowboy Burger - One of the best BBQ burgers I've ever had (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fW7SHgmidc32kHSoyLTM2A?select=7I90Agn0u79pvZ34qr7lbg).**Recommendations**       - I've yet to taste their entree meals, but from what I've had already, this place is definitely worth trying.
2	We went to Our Families Country Cafe with a Groupon, and I have to say that it was just below OK.  We ordered fried chicken, and the portions were generous, but the chicken was pretty tasteless.  The mashed potatoes were called "real," but I don't believe it.  And the canned green beans were horrible.  The bread was good.  The worst was the "homemade clam chowder."  Really??  My guess is that Smart and Final sells a cream base to which was added some canned clams.  That is not homemade.  I cook better and use fresher ingredients than this supposed "country" restaurant.  Did love the little boy who refilled our iced tea.  All around service was great.
5	OMG I loved this place, it was hard to find at first but once there I just loved everything about it.  Shy(waitress) she was the best.  Loved her free spirit and genuine personality.  Thank you so much for a great dining experience.  Ok gosh and the food was great loved the onion rings and the fries. I am not really a fries person but this was the best.  Not greasy at all but tasty and the fish was great.  I am going to be a repeat customer for sure.  Ps the Dad also makes awesome cakes it you ever need a cake made he is the man. Love this place xoxoox
2	Other reviewers are correct, this place is hard to find, but if you go south onto  Buffalo (from Blue Diamond) and proceed East onto Cactus to the end of the road, this place is on the right side.I want to give it another star, but the service and quality of my entree prohibits me from doing so.We entered the restaurant and waited several minutes before we were acknowledged.  OK its Friday night and there are only to two other tables of diners.  We finally got our drink orders by very courteous young man who was efficient.   We were given children's menus also.  It appeared that our server, Jason, was also one of the owners.  At first I was a bit puzzled (put off) by his demeanor which would be perfectly acceptable at "Dick's Last Resort" but here?  I was trying to give him the benefit of a doubt that maybe he has a real dry sense of humor, since he seemed to be well liked by any regular that walked in and he would chat with them quite a bit.  Not sure if he has the "Diligaf" attitude also about not trying to make new customers feel just as welcome, but we dd not get that feeling from him.  Onto the entrees:  I had the fried chicken dinner.  Not bad, the chicken was definitely cooked in oil that was too hot, since the chicken had a dark brown hard crust.  It was bit salty too.  The menu, describes you getting a drumstick, thigh and breast for $10.49.  The pieces of chicken reminded me, size wise, of what you get from a box of Banquet frozen fried chicken in your local grocer's frozen food dept.My wife ordered the Rib Eye steak sandwich which she enjoyed and would order again.  She thought the macaroni salad was ok and did not finish it.  Jason noticed this when he cleared her plate and asked her in an unpleasant  manner if she thought here was something wrong with his macaroni salad:  she told him no, she was just full from the sandwich.I would like to try the breakfasts here, based on the other reviews, but at this point, I'm unsure.
4	We used a Groupon on the way to southern California, and were glad to be introduced to a fine restaurant with which we were previously unfamiliar. The atmosphere inside is nice and homey, with comfortable seating at tables or booths. It reminded me of a warm country cafe. Artificial but colorful flowers abound. I began with a bowl of the soup of the day, which was Creamy Chicken Soup that, besides a creamy chicken broth and hand-cut pieces of white chicken, contained pieces of celery and carrots. Unfortunately, the strong flavor of these particular carrots dominated the taste of the dish. It was good but served warm rather than hot, and was just too carrot-intensive for my palate. Garlic bread actually consisted of dinner rolls that had been cut in half and treated with garlic butter. These altered bread products struck me as neither fish nor fowl, and just did not satisfy. I would have greatly preferred pure dinner rolls or crisp slices of garlic bread rather than the hybrid combination that was presented. Other than these two misses, the rest of the food Diane and I enjoyed were definite hits. My Chicken Fried Steak was superb in taste except for two bites that included tough sinewy meat. The rest of the breaded cube steak was spot on. And, the Country Gravy that was generously spread over the Country Fried Steak and accompanying delicious creamy mashed potatoes was delicious. Both the gravy and the mashed potatoes would be hard to top. I was told that green beans are normally served with the Chicken Fried Steak, but it was the end of the day, and the restaurant was all out of green beans. So, broccoli was offered instead. I demurred, and nice slices of red tomato were plated instead. I also sampled a big bite of Diane's Fish & Chips, and the hot and crispy battered cod was also excellent in taste, just as were the seasoned french fries. Most of the food here is homemade on premises. And, the chef/co-owner enjoys baking pies and cakes as well. His Peach Cobbler with a scoop of yellow-colored Vanilla Ice Cream was light, spongy, and excellent. His version of Chocolate Cake was very moist, chocolaty, and delicious with its own scoop of sun-shaded Vanilla Ice Cream. What is a restaurant review without testing desserts! Ah, the sacrifices I sometimes make in eating high caloric foodstuffs for the benefit of my readers, and to compile a comprehensive multi-course review! Service was quick and very friendly by the daughter of the owners. As the name reveals, this is a family enterprise. In fact, we were extended a friendly greeting by one owner not long after being seated, and met and chatted with both owners before we departed. They are Yelp friendly, too. For, a Yelp sticker appears on the cafe's glass front door. The place is difficult to find situated as it is near a dead end on an edge of Mountain's Edge. But it is worth making a trek to this fine diamond in the rough for one or more fine meals! I know that I will soon return to this lovely cafe for other edible treats!
4	The address is Rainbow Avenue at Cactus Avenue though neither road will be completed for at least 2 more years.  Fortunately, a yelp poster provided correct directions, use Buffalo and turn on to Cactus Avenue, so we avoided getting lost.  The inside is quite homey and the Sturtz family proved to be very affable proprietors.  We both ordered easy over eggs with bacon and wheat toast.  The eggs were perfectly cooked (runny) and the bacon was by far the best I have had in ages. While talking with the wife, we learned the husband prepares soup daily so I am looking for a return visit for lunch.
4	Tucked away in a corner of Mountains Edge, Our Families Country Cafe is a gem waiting to be discovered. My "partner in dine" and I both ordered the country fried steak and eggs with battered breakfast potatoes. The steak was fork-cuttably tender and my eggs were perfectly over medium (and over the moon!). The potatoes were ketch-up to standards and beyond. This 'staurant deserves 4 tines on my trademarked 5 pronged fork review gimmick.
5	Very home like feel... The Best  food I have had in Vegas in a long time.. :) will definitely be back...
4	If it wasn't for its location, I'd give this place a five star.  But, make no mistake about it, the food was incredible.  My son, who has sensory issues and a resistance to new foods and smells, was extremely at home here.  He even complimented the waitress on his meal.  We had three different meals and I tasted each one of them.  And, each was equally delicious.  I discovered this place through groupon and almost felt embarrassed to use the groupon knowing the food was worth every penny.  I'm now looking forward to bringing my visitors to this location so they too can get a home cooked meal away from HOME...off the beaten path... and not pay an arm and a leg to for a great meal.  Well worth the discovery.
5	I had a groupon for this place, and a MAD craving for some good country style food. I'm from the south, I can't help it. The address said Rainbow road, but this place is SO far out there that Rainbow hasn't made it to this restaurant yet. lol It's not finished paving. There are other ways to get there of course.Service was fine, food was great! Just like your grandmama made it, or at least my grandmama! I had the Chicken fried Chicken, which was awesome. So were the battered mushrooms.
4	Homemade food, and 'homey' decor make this place a good place to eat if you live in or near Mountain's Edge. Here are my thoughts* Food: In one word, amazing! Everything is made from scratch and has a very nice taste to it. We tried the sliders, fried chicken and soup and everything was tasty and filling! Oh, and if you visit do NOT leave without trying their peach cobbler...it is awesome.* Service (the reason I did not give it 5 stars): AWFUL!!!!!!!! The guy who was waiting tables clearly did not want to be there. This person did not offer a smile, was pretty short with every question we asked. He seemed bothered by me asking for extra condiments and rarely checked in with us. THIS IS A GREAT RESTAURANT BUT YOU NEED FRIENDLY STAFF!!!!!!* Overall experience: Pretty good. I wil definitely visit again and try other menu items. One thing though, and I cannot stress this enough...I HOPE THEY HAVE A DIFFERENT SERVER WHEN I GO THERE AGAIN.Conclusion: Definitely try this place!
5	Very weird place for a restaurant in my opinion... ha. Well, at least for now it is. Before I know it, that whole place will probably be filled with businesses. But, for those of you that want to try it.. I know the address says it's on Rainbow - but Rainbow does not go through all the way yet. So, if you're on Blue Diamond, Get onto Buffalo, turn left at Cactus and go all the way down, and you'll see it on your left. I'm not really sure what I was expecting when I walked into the place, but I liked what I saw. The place was decorated with a crap load of Christmas stuff. A little own of miniatures houses and a huge Christmas tree ! I'm not sure how festive the restaurant is on a normal basis, but it looks cute now. I really wanted to try this place for two reasons:1. I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF BREAKFAST FOODS !2. I'm on a mission to find the best Chicken Fried Steak in Vegas. The CFS here was good. Almost comparable to my favorite in Vegas so far [Babycakes]. It was good, very good...[not chewy at all!!] but a little too peppery for my taste [not overpowering or anything]. Now, if you're a person who likes pepper, then you'll probably enjoy this. It's safe to say that this is the 2nd best [at least in my opinion] CFS in Vegas. The portion of the CFS is also quite smaller compared to Babycakes, but still big enough to fill you. The gravy was a very nice. Probably the best gravy I've gotten on any CFS. It was rich, thick, and had bits of sausage throughout it. Very, very good ! I ordered the scrambled eggs with my CFS, as well as the battered potatoes. The scrambled eggs were underwhelming. Well seasoned, but definitely overcooked. Potatoes were good. I'm not a big potato fan at all, but I actually ate quite of few of their potatoes. They were nice and crispy.I'm excited to go back and try the rest of the offerings.  The service could have been better, but it wasn't quite bad enough to knock this review down to four stars.
4	Great food, friendly service, great atmosphere (I went during the holidays, and it was all decked out for Christmas).  My mom is a pancake fiend, and she loved them.  Will be coming back.
3	If you can find this place, that's half the battle. I always get lost coming here; partly because it's such a weird place for a restaurant. We were the only people here.The restaurant is adorable and was playing country... That always makes me happy. The server was nice but a little too sarcastic for me. I ordered a veggie omelet which was great and exactly to my specifications. Good potatoes. I'd come back if I was meeting with a friend who lives in the neighborhood... And if I have a coupon.
3	I've been here twice already. I remember not liking something about the place last time I came, but I couldn't remember what it was. Once we walked in here the other day, I was immediately reminded. The waitress just stared at us when we walked in. I said, "Do we just seat ourselves?" She responded, "Well that's what the sign says." Obviously I didn't read the sign if I asked the question, but she didn't need to be sarcastic about it. Maybe they should have a recorded message that says, "Please seat yourself" when you walk in the door, since they get irritated when people ask. It took us about 15 SECONDS to find a table and sit because I couldn't decide if I wanted something by the window, a 2 seat table, or a 4 seat table. I didn't think that was long at all, but when the waitress came up to us with our menus, she said, "Wow, I didn't realize finding a table was so hard." Then she took our drink orders (coffee and water). The coffee was $1.55 with unlimited refills. When she came back, we both ordered veggie omelets ($7.75 ea.)The veggies omelets were average. I just found it weird that they put whole slices of tomatoes in the center (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/eDX3TWDnGMXq4hXmwgBkJg/l.jpg).  The coffee was very good though and I got about 3 refills. Overall, I don't think I'd come back here even though I live a couple miles away. I just don't like the service and the food is just mediocre. If the waitress was completely quiet the whole time, it would've been better. Tip:Directions: Go south on Buffalo, make a left on Cactus and when you get to the end, it'll be on your right.
5	I am a hardcore breakfast person and I have to say that this place really was a nice surprise.  Not going to lie this was a little hard to find due to the gps being weird and google maps placing it where it wasn't but once found it certainly is a treasure.  You want to go ahead and take buffalo instead of rainbow due to construction.  Once this place is settled I have no doubt that I'm going to have to wait in line for this place.Once I found the place and stepped inside the decorations were very very nice.  What I would expect from a country cafe.  A very quiet place.  I came with a friend and we were the only ones in the place, which is definitely a nice change from the bustle that I am used to.  Once seated the menu was right there waiting for us.  Good layout of the menu and pretty decent sized lettering which made it very clear what you were reading.  The menu was also decorated like in the westerns with letters misspelled or even missing but you can obviously tell that it was done on purpose.I had read on here that this place had bomb country fried steak so I of course had to try it out.  It was surprisingly good.  Not what I had expected at all.  Even writing this now my mouth is watering because I remembered how delicious it was.  The steak was a hearty slab that was in fact very tender.  The gravy was so smooth yet thick and flavorful just like what you would expect from that specific gravy.  Indeed one of the best I have had.  Compliments to the chef.  The portion was pretty big as well.  My friend got the hungry farmer and the bacon strips were huge.  The biggest I have seen and was very impressed.The owner was definitely a nice guy.  He even admits he's a little sarcastic but definitely a good guy.  If you can't take a little poking then maybe you might want to come back when the roads are finished and has more staff on hand.This is a place that I see myself being a regular at.Note:  You seat yourself.  There are signs that say sit wherever you want.
5	Definitely a weird place for a restaurant. To get there, you need to go West on Blue Diamond, South on Buffalo, East on Cactus and it is on the right hand side at the dead end. Really love the environment. Very homey. The people that worked there were really nice as well. The food was DELISH! I ordered something so plain (Grilled Chicken with Steamed Veggie) and OMG, it was soOO good! My bf ordered the Mushroom Swish Burger with Onion Rings and wow, he loved it. Didn't have to any condiments at all. He also ordered the Brownie Sundae for himself and it was pretty huge! They also offer stamping. After your first visit you get a stamp, the next visit you get 10% off. On your 5th visit, you get a free dessert and on the 8th visit you get 2 for 1 Entree. During breakfast, from 9-11am and 9-3pm on Sundays, if you bring your own mug, you get free coffee! How great is that? Should definitely go and check it out.
5	As everyone else has already mentioned, the location is strange. But its still only a 5 minute drive from my house so I don't really mind. I've been about 15 times, but only once for dinner, which was a delicious CFS. But I always go for breakfast, because it is SOOO GOOD. I get biscuits & gravy, pancakes, and home fries. And I eat every bite. Also, I noticed everyone was complaining about the sarcastic waitress, but seriously lighten up. I love her. She laughs every time I order my mountain of food, but it's all in good fun. (:I love this place so much, I'm going today!
4	Hidden spot that has a family style decor and a laid back PT style bar connected to it next door which is great for watching sports with the local neighborhood without worrying of it ever being overcrowded with rowdy people.Beware if you're a Niners fan because this was filled with Giants fans during the NFC championship game but we were in all good spirit of the competition. Sucks cuz they all were like why are you so quiet now haha, damn Kyle Williams with his 2 failed turnovers on the punt return but time to move on.Chicken fried steak, chicken fried steak.  I'm saying it twice because it was that good.  Not a typical dish I crave but read reviews on it on yelp and I just had to try it.Come down if you're near this area. It might just become your favorite place to chill with your neighborhood buddies.
4	Our Families Country Cafe is so cute!  I live really close, and it's great to have a local restaurant that isn't a chain.  The restaurant is super duper tiny and decorated like the stereotypical "country" fashion, and the food is very homey.I tried country fried steak for the first time at the Country Cafe, and am I glad I tried it here!  The food was burning and super hearty.  Suprisingly, the fried steak stayed crunchy beneath the thick gravy.  My favorite, though, were the home fries.  Oh my goodness the homefries!  I don't know what they did to these red-skinned potatoes of salty goodness, but they cooked them beyond good!  I would get a whole plate of these only if I could.I loved everything about the cafe except for the service.  I am guessing there is only one cook in the back because service is really slow.  Don't expect a quick meal and don't come in super duper hungry because the food takes awhile to come out.  The cafe is small though, so it's understandable that food isn't coming out like Cooking Dash.
2	I can only give 2 stars because of the service. I was a regular but stopped going. They don't smile and greet you when you come in. They always make me feel like I'm bothering them if I ask for something. The brother is short and to the point and the sister is just not friendly!  After about a year we tried it again and it was same old thing. This should be a nice neighborhood cafe where we should feel like family. I really think they hate their job! The sister needs to be sweet and accommodating to their guests...I don't think it's in her. The brother Jason was still abrupt and to the point...very cold. Food is very good but I can't give them my money. Two stars because the food is good but I will take my business to someone who makes my families time enjoyable!!!
4	The food is really good. Price is fair. Staff is awesome.
4	If you want some southern comfort in a non-Vegas atmosphere, this is your breakfast spot.  The atmosphere is very southern and homey.  If you're mapping the location, be sure to look out for the signs that will re-direct to the Buffalo/Cactus area.When you arrive, you will think you are at a truck stop between Vegas and LA.  You may even be greeted by a man asking to wash your car.  lolThe chicken fried steak was good but I would have preferred a larger size.  Maybe similar to their steaks, they can offer various sizes because it is good. Service is really friendly with southern flare - check it out!
3	Deep in the masterplanned behemoth of Mountains Edge this cafe is cute, efficient and great for a snack after house hunting. A tiny cottage setting, the food was good, service was quick and the price was right. Attached to a bar, the day we visited there were about 150 bikers in the parking lot, no joke. They were having a fundraiser and there was live music which we could hear through the wall. No big thang, didn't change the way the food tasted. I think the owner was afraid we would u turn it out of the parking lot, he practically waved us in from the street. We were alerted that "it's not usually like this". haha I had the Salad Wrap which was fresh and tasty. The drinks come in basically vats. The menu had a good variety for both lunch and breakfast. Sandwiches, burgers, omelettes, the usual. Homemade mac or potato salad..but hope you like celery. It's plentiful. The desserts sounded awesome but we declined. Brownie sundae, peach cobbler...and you know it was gonna be warm with ice cream and...damn we should have gotten it. All the more reason to delve deep into Mountains Edge once again!
5	Best damn Pork Chops Ive ever had. Eggs where cooked to perfection. Follow the road signs as GPS will try to take you down roads that dont exist yet. Its well worth the search!
5	I walked in here craving some really good chicken fried steak and gravy - and they more than delivered.  First of all, their homemade vegetable soup was just absolutely delicious - I ended up eating the entire cup (even though my sister was the one that ordered it).  Also, they have the BEST chicken fried steak and gravy - to DIE for *drools* I've been dreaming of going back ever since that first visit.  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
4	Breakfast mmmm.. CFS was small but it's good
5	I have always been a fan of home style food and the Country Cafe meets my needs. There food is always hot and fresh and always hits the spot. Th owners and staff make you feel like you are apart of their family. Great place for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
5	Great service, amazing food, and very reasonable prices.  The breakfast is truly amazing.
4	Hard to find since it is in a new area (Mountains Edge) and thus Rainbow does NOT take you there, and Cactus only comes there from the west. Not from Durango - you have to come to Buffalo and Cactus, then go east on Cactus.Famous for the country fried steak so both of us ordered that and were very impressed with the taste and portion size. Good ol country gravy over real mashed potatoes. Mm mm good.Then we were in the mood for the home made desserts and those were awesome too. Had the peach cobbler first and then we decided to try the strawberry shortcake too. YUM OVery nice waitress named Lee. She has been back with them just a few weeks but worked for them at their previous locations so you might know her from those. Sorry to hear some folks didn't have that same great service but Lee will give it to you so give em another chance.DEFINITELY will come back.
5	Great breakfast.   Fun atmosphere.
3	Underwheling for having to drive so far  out of the way to this establishment.  I ordered the Country Breakfast, which was a Chicken fried steak in gravy. It was OK, but nothing gourmet, I could make this myself. My girl ordered the breakfast burrito, an item she always gets so can compare very well, gave it 4/10. In addition, the women waiting us offered a 2 for 1 bloody mary, and we took the deal, but it turned out we -both- had to get 2 drinks and pay for 2 drinks. Seemed odd, and we didnt even touch the second drinks. Why couldn't she just let us pay for 1?The brother was late, causing quite a backup. I do understand its a smaller place, but come on!
1	The man who works here is NOT friendly at all. When we arrived we were the only people in the place and no employees to be found.  We sat down and waited 10 minutes before getting up and yelling "hello" before any one came out. He seemed very bothered that we were there.
4	This place is everything their name implies.  It reminds me of an old diner back in the Midwest.  If you like home cooked food, this place is for you!If you're thinking of going somewhere for a holiday dinner, see if they're doing a buffet.  Its like going to a family pot luck - but everything is good!!!
5	A well worth easter egg hunt.  Their food is always fresh made everyday and the Sturtz family makes all customer feel right at home.  I personally loved the rib eye! One of the best in Vegas.  If you're craving home cooking, be sure to drop Our Families Country Cafe.
5	My parents were visiting from Mississippi and we had dinner here because it is down the road from our house AND it is named "Country Cafe". We expected to prove that it wasn't "Real" Country cookin' cause of course it isn't in Mississippi......well, It was so good it makes you wanna slap yer mama!! Everything was so amazing that after dreaming about it all night, we decided to go back for breakfast! Any place that cooks real grits is the place for us! It was like a REAL country breakfast and by this time, we had all gained at least 5 pounds....... once you start eating, do NOT think you will be able to leave anything on your plate (and don't worry if you didn't save room for dessert..... just cram it in anyway cause the peach cobbler is sinful)! As if dinner, breakfast and the need to buy stretchy pants weren't enough, we decided we needed to go for dinner again tonight! Well, stretchy pants be damned.... it is WORTH the fashion faux pas! If you haven't yet eaten at the Country Cafe, well shame on you..... Get on over there and enjoy.....and don't forget your stretchy pants!!!!
4	Food is fantastic! Fresh, flavorful & hot each time. Would be a five star if the (sister) waitress wasn't in a bad mood all the time. We loved going there 3-4 a week but having to deal with a bad attitude is becoming a real turn off/ uncomfortable for our family.
5	I love this resturaunt and have followed it ever since their first location. The French toast is AMAZING!!!!!  Now just a warning to all you newbies, THE WAITRESS IS SASSY. Most like it, some who don't know her think it's her being rude but her sassiness is the attribute that makes people come back along with the great food which doesn't cost much more than eating at a fast food joint.
4	Talk about a place on the edge of civilization in Las Vegas! This cafe is just past a subdivision, and there are absolutely no other businesses nearby.I have been here a couple of times for lunch recently, and it appears the country fried steak sandwich is one of their specialties.  It was very good, and not overly salty.  For my second lunch here, I had a Philly burger.  It was good, but kind of subdued compared to other Philly burgers I have had.As it is fairly close to my office, I hope to make it back here once or twice a month.  However, if you are not in this part of town, I wouldn't say you should go out of you way to get to this cafe.  As a neighborhood cafe, I give it a solid 4 stars!
5	Great food and great atmosphere!
5	This place was a little hard to find the first time, but I'm glad I did!  I was looking through my Entertainment coupon book for a new place to try, and I am always looking for a good home cooking type restaurant.  This is it!  The first time I went, I was planning on having the Chicken Fried Steak because a lot of the reviews I read said it was really good, and I'm always looking for a good CFS.  The special that night was an open face turkey sandwich, so I decided to get that instead.  It was very good, came with mashed potatoes, dressing, green beans and choice of soup or salad.  Everything was great.  On my second visit, I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak....it's amazing!  So tender that I didn't need a knife to cut it.  The mashed potatoes are homemade....little chunks of whole potato in them.  The dinner rolls they serve are the best ever!  I had leftovers and asked if I could have another roll to take home to eat with my leftovers, and was gladly given one.  We talked with the owner of the place for a little bit, super nice guy!  If you are looking for good down home country cooking, this is the place.  Looking forward to trying breakfast here soon.
4	Darn Good Country Breakfast (eggs, country fried steak that can be cut with a fork & home fries) that has the gravy from the biscuits in gravy. We went to get those but they were out of biscuits :-( Although they offered to do gravy and toast - I am from the south and there is no substitute for the biscuits (sorry). The environment is homey and they have purposely placed themselves sorta outta the way in order to keep the traffic down, the food excellent and the service friendly. We will definitely be going back as its in the neighborhood and a nice change from bar breakfast food :-)
1	Family owned, but they won't make you feel like family.  In fact, customer service is completely lacking and so not worth it for their mediocre, over-priced food that takes FOREVER!  Oh, and don't plan on using those Valpak coupons here either, because they won't honor them saying they told that service not to publish coupons for them anymore even though it hadn't expired yet.  Never eating here again, at least The Griddle appreciates our business and has better food!
5	Delicious home cooked Thanksgiving dinner this afternoon with none of the cleanup and all of the taste!Cozy atmosphere and friendly service too!
5	Yummy breakfast!! Best biscuits and gravy ever!!!
4	We visited this hidden gem late on a Saturday morning and were greeted warmly and promptly and drink orders were in...Solid coffee, excellent orange juice and a casual but very attentive waitress rolled quickly and we all decided on chicken fried steak pretty quickly. What a tremendous breakfast! This cutlet was made fresh with a real tenderized steak and an unreal crispy batter that was well seasoned and just prefect in every way! Topped with fairly plain white gravy I'd call just good compared with the world class CFS. I went with the batter bites instead of home fries. Ultra crispy delicious deep fried potatoes, similar to a high class tater tot, those were also fantastic. My over medium eggs were spot on and I chose an again good- not great biscuits and gravy as my bread choice. Sourdough next time.  Overall I thought the gravy could have been better but damn, that was definitely one of he top 5 chicken fried steaks I've ever eaten. Seriously, I've tried hundreds.  Fairly priced and worth the obscure location, go there now!
4	This place was a little hard to find at first with all the construction going around the area, but we've been there for breakfast and dinner. All I have to say is the breakfast biscuit and gravy is hands down the best thing on their menu. I think I had the french toast which was good but nothing else compares to the biscuit. Also the sarcastic guy there is pretty funny if you dont take him seriously. He makes his own buttercream chocolate cake which is also good.
2	We have been here twice and have had cold food, rude service ...truly bummed as we were so excited to move close to this country cafe :(
4	The food was simply delicious. At first it was a little difficult to locate this place but once I did, you can bet your dollar i have it saved to my memory bank. The chicken fried steak is simply delicious and the California burger is awesome.
4	Food was great...it's like eating at mom's house.Started out a little rocky...but in the end we enjoyed everything!
4	This place is awesome! I absolutely love the close location to my home- the people, the food, the prices are never a let down! Great home style breakfast.
3	Good coffee, good breakfast.  My girlfriend enjoyed the chili and will definitely be back for the chicken Caesar salad.
2	Four stars for the food and the fact that it's so close to my house.  But I have to give the place 2 stars overall for the owner/head waiter.  He's so surly and gruff.  I'm sure he thinks he's funny and there are some customers that think the same, but he's just a pain in the butt.  This is not some New York Deli or Dick's Last Resort.  It's a small place that depends on keeping local folks in Mountain's Edge happy.  Be polite and courteous.  Leave the surly attitude for another venue.
2	The service is barely existent and awkward. For a place that is so off the beaten path, they should definitely try harder to make a lasting impression.
5	This place is great for breakfast! Chicken fried steak was perfect, service was prompt and friendly and the prices were reasonable. You can't go wrong with the $3 bloody mary's either!
5	I have to give five stars as a Midwesterner. This place is straight out if western South Dakota and I couldn't be happier about it. Country music, rough around the edges, decor from Hobby Lobby--you betcha. After I found the place, which is actually located on Cactus, I walked in and knew I was going to love it. Breakfast is served all day, so when I saw the pancake sandwich I had to get it even though it was 1pm. The sandwich part is a little misleading. I would call it more of an open faced sandwich, with all the breakfast fixins piled on top, and it was as delicious as any breakfast from the small town of my youth. Syrup and sausage and pancakes and eggs all rolled into one not-McGriddle is okay by me. I can't say that I will be back anytime soon due to its distance from me and how difficult it was to find, but I am glad to know it exists if I ever get a hankering for not-Vegas Midwestern country cooking.
5	If you take Blue Diamond west & turn left on Buffalo,it's easy. The food is absolutely wonderful, this family owned resturant used to be located on Las Vegas Blvd & Lamb, and I am so very very happy to have re-discovered it and it's awesome homestyle food. Everyone I have taken to this resturant loves it! It is very good food, and it's a lovely little hidaway resturant that is sooo very worth the trip there! Look out for the deserts!!!  You may not be able to get out the door!
3	good food , service started fast until they got busy, kinda short staffed, waited forever to pay . fyi they dont take am/ex cards.
4	We came here for breakfast on a Sunday morning on our way home from an overnight stay at the M Resort.  We were seated right away, but we arrived just as another party was leaving. It was a full house! (It is a very small place) The staff was very friendly, food came out quickly and was quite good! My husband got the chicken fried steak and eggs.  He said the batter was crispy, steak wasn't tough, and the gravy was excellent.  I got the ham steak and eggs.  Ham steak was one of the best I've had. Glad I got the 1/2 order!  We also got the buscuits and gravy only because someone on Yelp said they were the best ever.  They were quite good! I don't know about the best ever, but we cleaned the plate! I like that you could get buscuits and gravy instead of toast at no extra charge. I wish we lived closer, but it's quite a drive for us coming from Summerlin.  Next time we are in that area though, we will definitely be stopping by there again.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for fifteen years and just, officially, had the best cheeseburger this town has to offer because of this restaurant.Warning, it takes a good moment to find this place.  We felt like after every turn we would be arriving there until another sign popped up for us to make another turn.  Then, when the signs stop, you assume you've gotten lost, but you just have to keep going until the end of the road...if you hit train tracks, you've gone too far.  ;)When you walk in, the interior matches everything you think a "country cafe" should look like.  Actually, it really reminded me of my grandmother's house back home in Texas...very cozy, very homey and knick knacks everywhere.  Also, they play country music from a local radio station.  Not even places that are supposed to be country ::cough Stoney's cough:: do that.We sat down and placed our orders, mine for the lunch cheeseburger and my friend for the breakfast burrito.  That's another thing, they don't stop serving breakfast until 3:00 PM, which is very beneficial when you're constantly out with someone that would prefer eat breakfast items at all three meals.Our check wasn't too high, the service was pretty good and the food was AMAZING!!!  I can't believe I didn't know about this place sooner!  I DEFINITELY intend to go back!
4	What a nice find and "find" is an important word because it's not easy to locate. I've only been there once. Had a great burger and fries, met the owner and had a thoroughly great experience. I will be going back on a regular basis and it is completely off my personal "beaten path" so I'll be going out of my way to do so. Solid four stars and probably 4.5.
4	Hidin gem, worth the trip! Hard to find in Mountains Edge, follow the signs and they even offer a car wash / detail while you have breakfast!!
4	Great place! Breakfast is amazing. Also the chicken fried chicken and steak. The portions are big and great for kids too they have toys for them to play with
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've lost count of how many time I've taken the family here for breakfast, lunch, dinner or just dessert. The food can be described as generous portions of comfort. The pricing for meals is excellent, you never feel ripped off and they always have promotions like kids eating free on certain days. They always decorate for holidays and the mug wall is awesome. The restaurant is always clean and the staff makes you feel at home. Speaking of the staff, the restaurant is family owned and operated and loves dishing out just enough attitude to make you laugh. If there is one item on the menu that is an absolute must, I'd say that's "the country nachos", the best tasting twist on nachos ever. Country Cafe has a feel of something that's been lost since I was young and it keeps me coming back.
5	Don't go here if you want your server to suck up to you, if you take yourself way too seriously, or if you cant take a joke.  Run by a family, everyone here is fun and friendly.We eat here frequently and love the casual atmosphere, delicious home cooking and friendly family that runs the joint.  The chicken fried steak is better here than anywhere else in Las Vegas, easily. Friday night is BBQ rib night. Delicious.The grilled chicken is out of this world, too.  Haven't had anything I don't like yet.
2	03/23/13 DINNERI was tempted to give this place only 1 star, but since the owner/server was a nice guy, I went with 2 stars.On 02/27/12 spouse and I had dinner here. We brought a GROUPON along, and as it turned out, it was worth the long drive and price for what we had. Spouse really liked the chicken fried chicken.So a few months ago a repeat of the GROUPON was offered. I got one.Well, we were extremely disappointed this time. It had a few ups, but mostly downs.We came this night for their announced Saturday night special, which I will copy verbatim from their Facebook page: IT'S SATURDAY MARCH 23rd AND....TODAY'S SPECIAL IS....ROASTED TURKEY BREAST WITH DARRELL'S HOMEMADE CORNBREAD STUFFING (THIS IS DELISH!!) SERVED WITH FRESH MASHED POTATOES AND GRAVY(made from the drippings mm mm good) VEGETABLE, DINNER ROLL AND CHOICE OF HOMEMADE SOUP OR CRISP GREEN SALAD!!!We arrived. I saw a sign at the front door announcing "Saturday & Sunday only, check in with Facebook and get unlimited mimosas for $10 or half priced bloody marys". I said to myself, Why Not?, and proceeded to check in. I showed my phone to the owner/server (Darrell?), and he said "Oh, that's only offered at brunch, and as I don't own the bar, I can't make that offer for dinner." It's a tavern with him (Darrell?) subleasing the restaurant side of the building. That's fair enough. (It's similar to what Carluccio's did, moving from the Liberace center to a Henderson tavern.) But he (Darrell?) proceeded to bring us a free basket of fried mozzarella sticks, which was very nice of him (Darrell?), and were actually pretty good.We got the bloody marys after all, and it was one of the worst I've ever had. Why? For one, my olive was previously attacked by a bug (no lie, a chunk bit out of it, obviously insect-eaten) and the cocktail tasted metallic. I probably should've returned it, but then there were those free moz sticks, sitting there...After ordering said Saturday night special, next up were cup of soup or salad. I got the homemade chili, which was good. Spouse got the salad, and was quite happy. It even had dandelion greens. In the 2.25 years of living here in Vegas I don't think we've seen those in a salad. (Was it a packaged salad? If it was, it was surprising.)But then the main course comes. It was not turkey BREAST, it was turkey LOAF. Lots of white and grey-dark meat, sliced from a loaf, perfectly circular, falling to pieces. It was OK, but it wasn't anything special, or worth the price charged. And the "veg", the green beans, we forgot about this part from the last visit, they were sadly canned. Remaining was some cranberry sauce (OK, likely canned, no problem), the potatoes (a small scoop of homemade, these were good), the dressing (also seemed homemade, good) and the gravy (which I think wasn't from "drippings" because the last time I cooked a turkey loaf I don't recall all that many drippings, so we think it was bottled/packaged). The dinner roll was a version of texas toast, no garlic, just a grilled roll.Didn't order the homemade, just out of the oven, peach cobbler, offered by the owner/server (Darrell?). We promptly left after dinner. A lot of the turkey loaf came home for the kitties.If I hear they've improved, we might again make the trip out there. But I doubt that will happen.PS One other problem. We arrived to find a couple of uncontrolled kids running around the VERY SMALL restaurant, at times screaming. It continued throughout most of our visit. I guess the word "Families" in the name of the place should've been a clue of the possibility of an undesired child "carnival", supplied by their uncaring-of-other-patrons parents. (At the same age as those kids, if I had behaved that way in a restaurant with my Navy Commander father at the table, I would've been beaten to a pulp. Times have certainly changed.)
5	I go to this place all the time, I feel like family when I go there. I love there country fried steak and eggs. I live down the street and when I want late night good food I go there open until 2am. I also recommend the Robert sandwich. I love this place, highly recommended.
4	If you are craving a down home country breakfast, this place will hit the spot. The pork chops, chicken fried steak, and batter bites (season breakfast potatoes) are the best in the valley. I haven't had dinner there yet.  It's a quaint and warm environment. It's a little out of the way, but well worth the drive. They even have a car wash in the parking lot, so it'll be done by the time you finish eating. Getting to it is a little tricky...you MUST take Buffalo to Cactus. Turn left on Cactus. Restaurant is locate where street dead ends.  You will NOT be able to access via Rainbow, no matter what Mapquest shows.
4	Found this place on groupon. Been trying out different breakfast spots in the area (southwest). Kinda tricky to find. Take Buffalo west cause Rainbow does not go all the way through. Breakfast served till 3pm on a Sunday was a plus. Food was good and service was on point. Gonna come back to try the chicken fried steak...
1	My husband & I went to this place due to a groupon I found for it. The groupon deal was good, the food was good, but the service was HORRIBLE!! I've definitely experienced better. First, the drive to this place was coo-coo! We almost thought this place didn't exist. My husband thought it was a "groupon scam" but we finally found it. I kinda wished we hadn't though. As I said before, the food was good, but the service was NOT!! It all started w/the tall, dark-haired guy that greeted us at the door; he spoke in a monatone & he had no personality whatsoever. :(  Then, our server, a full-figured, blond-haired lady, came to take our order, & when she saw that we had a groupon, she gave a weird, attitudy look; a look that said, "Oh great, some more cheap-skates that only came here for the groupon deal". She had so much attitude, she definitely needs an attitude adjustment. Then, it took so long to get our food. Eventhough they were busy, it took FOREVER to get our food. We only ordered some common breakfast meals. My husband got the bacon & eggs w/sourdough toast & batter bites, which are only seasoned cubed potatoes that are crispy. I got a denver omelette, homefried potatoes, which have onions & bell peppers, w/biscuits & gravy. The biscuits were good but the gravy was very peppery & had no sausage, which it usually would have. The only good service we got was by the two guys who kept checking on us, about our drinks mainly, but they were cool still. We over-heard our server curse in the kitchen about all the people who were coming in w/all the groupons. I thought if they don't want people to come visit their restaurant w/groupons, then they shouldn't put their restaurant on the groupon website. I would only recommend this place for the food, but not for the service.
5	Been there twice, awesome experience both times.  The food is amazing, large portions, excellent recipe..  The ribs are to die for, they fall off the bone.If it wasn't for the Groupon, I would of never known this place was only 4 minutes from our house.  We will definitely be back.
5	This place is exactly what a breakfast and lunch place should be friendly service and great food an  they remember your name when you come in. I highly recommend it to anyone. I have noticed other reviews bashing the place and can say that they are truly unfounded as a chef in.this town for over 20 years i have seen plenty of bad food and service but this place doesnt have it. If people are looking for a gourmet meal then go elsewhere but if you enjoy a family atmosphere and country cooking than thjs is the place. Its   great place to have a quick and comfortable meal.
5	You can't do chicken fried steak wrong most of the time but this place does it very well. The service was prompt and polite and I will definitely be back. Do yourself a favor and visit the place. Thank me later.
5	After living in Mountain's Edge for over 4 years we didn't become aware of this place until a couple of months ago. The owner said they had been there about the same amount of time we had been living here which surprised me. They are a well-kept secret which I'm sure the owners would like to change but suits me just fine. I always want to have a table available when I walk in!Yes, you do seat your self and the wait staff can seem a bit surly but I attribute it to their being busy all the time. Its a small place with nice country ambience but it seems to be bursting at the seams with patrons all the time. I can't blame them for forgetting to smile now and then.The Families Country Cafe is truly a family affair, with sons, daughters, sister, brothers, mothers and fathers all lending a hand. So even if you're not greeted immediately you will still get that down home feeling.My favorite meal of the day is breakfast and that is what my wife and I had. I ordered a simple sausage and egg breakfast while my wife got the 2 step breakfast. When my order arrived I was a bit disappointed in the portions but I did not feel that way when I was done. There was plenty to fill my hearty appetite and my wife couldn't even finish hers. The food was delicious, too, by the way, especially the home fries. My sausage links were not the iddy biddy splinters of meat you might get at chain restaurants but were big, juicy and very tasty. Even the toast was superior.It is a bit hard to find but forget google maps and give the restaurant a call for directions. Its more than worth a taste.
4	Really good food. Hubby got the Country Breakfast with the chicken fried steak, and it was wonderful. Flavorful and not too heavy. (He NEVER gets chicken fried steak and ended up eating the entire thing). I loved the home fries with my bacon and eggs. The fries had sauteed peppers and onions amongst the red skin potatoes. We had a groupon, and sadly forgot to mention this when we ordered. Our server was gracious enough to allow it though. We really enjoyed the cozy, country atmosphere here. It felt as though we were being welcomed into a southern country kitchen. Will definitely go back. Also, as I mentioned in a tip, it's not difficult to find. Rainbow is still under construction right here so in order to get here take Buffalo south to Cactus. At Cactus take a left and follow until you get to Rainbow. Currently, you cannot go any further as the road is closed. The restaurant is on the right, and there are signs. Enjoy :)
2	I have been here before, but this was first experience for breakfast. Loved the chicken fried steak. Eggs, and potatoes also good. The hot cakes aka pancakes were over done and gross. Could not even cut with fork. Had to use knife. Also, the maple syrup was more like colored corn syrup. No maple flavor at all. Biscuits and gravy were bomb though.  Service pretty good until they wouldn't let me use my groupon because it was a holiday. I didn't see anywhere in restaurant or on fine print in groupons that I couldn't use. When guy didn't even apologize and just said I have to use next time, I left with bad taste in mouth spending twice as much as I wanted to.   If I wanted full price, I would have gone to another breakfast place close to home. Not  really sure I care to return.
1	The food was good. Just one problem: it wasn't what I ordered. I ordered the chicken fried steak and the waiter comes back with chicken fried chicken. Trust me, they're different - one is cow and the other is chicken. Instead of fixing the order he says I hope you don't mind, but it seems the cook made the wrong thing. He puts the plate on the table and walks away. I was hungry and figured I'd be nice and not make a big deal. I ate the food but when the check came it was too high. He charged for cheesiness my eggs. Many places do this but they always ask first, "that will be extra $, is that okay?" I would have been fine but after charging me for the wrong meal this was the last straw. I asked why the bill was so high and he said "other places charge extra. Of course you know that." At that point I just wanted to get out. I left a generous tip but that's just habit and frankly now I wish I hadn't. You can try their food but beware of these things and make sure they get your order right. I'll never return to this place.
5	I love their breakfast, I go Here every day off I can. They never cut corners and their food is very delicious
5	Always super friendly and great service. We even came here for Mother's Day and even when it was busy we got a table in 15 mins or so. They accommodated us very quickly with no problem. Plus we got our car washed while we were eating. Food is always fresh and tastes good. Family friendly (if you have kids).Totally recommend this place.
1	If you are looking for just OK food, very rude and mediocre service this is the place!!. My friend and I went this morning for breakfast with our babies and we had THE WORST experience. Shyla almost yank the menu out of my babies hands when my baby was only looking at it! agh! the more I think about it the madder I get!!! some people just don't care about customer service anymore! we will never ever again return to this place...and I am sharing this with all my friends!
1	Worst service ever. They don't even greet you. They yank menus out of babies hands, they don't have manners. Period.Never going back.
4	Great little spot for classic American fare. We arrived around 11am for breakfast and the place had a good amount of people seated. We were lucky enough to arrive just as a booth became available. We were greeted quickly and drinks were brought out. The cups were so large, I didn't even need a refill. That's saying a lot since I'm the queen of refills. I was really impressed with the service. Everyone was very attentive. Refills were swift and food was extremely large portions. I decided on the Wisconsin cheese omelet, my fella got the sausage and cheese omelet and my mom got a breakfast combination. We all decided on hot cakes as our sides. The food was quick and everything was great. The consensus was that the hot cakes were our favorites. They were fluffy and fabulous. Some of the best pancakes we've had in town. Everyone had a great meal. It's a bit of a drive from me, but worth it for some fantastic pancakes. This is a family run business and almost everyone working here is related, so I'm all for supporting locally and family-run restaurants. Definitely give this place a chance. They also have a mobile car wash in their parking lot and you can put it on your food bill for convenience, if you're interested. Just to note, unless you live in the area, it may be a little difficult to locate this restaurant. My GPS directed me all the way down Rainbow to the restaurant but the street comes to a dead end so make sure you follow the signs to the restaurant or call and they will direct you properly.
4	Mom and pop joint located inside of mountains edge. I come here for the convenience but the food is good. Try their chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy. If you bring in a coffee cup and leave it on their wall you'll always get free refills.
4	Though the address may say Rainbow, you can't get there from here because the road remains unpaved some 4 years after the Sturtz family opened this restaurant. So forget the GPS and check the restaurant's website for alternative directions. The restaurant is very homey and literally decorated with bric-a-brac taken from their home. We each ordered easy over eggs which came with bacon and home fries. My wife, in a senior moment, substituted 2 hot cakes for the toast. Everything was expertly prepared using high quality ingredients though my wife never came close to finishing her lumberjack sized meal.
1	Everyone looks like ex convicts! The owner is so rude I'm not sure how this place has 4star
4	This place is smaller than I had expected, but the service and food was great and that's all that really matters anyway. The decor is very country-ish and the music is country so since this is the Country Cafe, don't be surprised. It's nice that it is so close to our house too.  We will definitely be back!
5	This is my first review in Vegas, and I can not think of a better spot then this. I'm a very picky person when it comes to eating out and this place on my first visit had me doubting. But man did they come through, its a small place which gives it a nice warm feeling. The decorator needs a nice round of applause also. Once you find it ( take your time ) its a small treasure. The owner can at first seem a bit on the rough side but he truly cares and will fire sarcasm right back at you. The drinks are huge and they wont go empty on you. They have very well put together menu for all three meal times. And there nightly specials are a great deal. Its clean and has a tunnel ( ok hallway ) the the bar next door which they often run drink specials with. I have been several times now and had a good sampling of the menu i have yet to find anything I did not like. And if you ask real nice they will bring you a sample of the sides if your not sure about them.  I took my granddaughter with me a few times she is only 10 months but I was surprised to find they have baby spoons available if you forget yours.. how cool is that. Now a secret well ok not a huge one But they close at 9pm, But the menu is still available till 2am at the bar next door, good thing for those late night munchies. If you haven't been then its worth a trip there, but if your looking for one of those places where they kiss your butt you wont find it.. Grab your own table and enjoy.
5	First things first, do not follow your map. It is on Rainbow, but Rainbow does not go all the way through yet! Take Rainbow, take a right on Blue Diamond, then take a left on Buffalo, and finally turn left on Cactus. The restaurant will be located on the right at the end of the street.My boyfriend read good reviews about the country fried steak and wanted to try it. After reading the menu, I ended up getting the country fried chicken because I was craving fried chicken. My boyfriend ordered the special, which was half a rack of ribs. Our orders came with clam chowder, and I must say it was pretty tasty. It was a bit on the salty side, but that might have been because of the delicious pieces of bacon in it. The country fried chicken was fried to perfection! Battered just right, nice and juicy inside, and covered in gravy. Honestly the best I have ever had. The ribs were fall off the bone soft, with just the right amount of sauce. My boyfriend ordered battered cream corn for one of his sides, and it was interesting. Tasty but a tad bit dry. Definitely recommend trying this place, especially if you live around Mountain's Edge. My boyfriend normally doesn't care much for this type of food, but he was impressed with it and so was I. Will be back for sure when we're in the mood for yummy food! it is further than we would like, but well worth it.
4	Great southern place, bad location. My bf and I got lost twice trying to find this place. Figured out that rainbow doesn't got all the way through so you have to make a few detours. Maybe after the streets over there are more developed it will be easier to get to. Anyways I really liked the food! Came for breakfast around 9 and I wasn't busy. You seat yourself unless your party is over 5 people. The one server that was working at the time was doing pretty good by himself but I wonder what would have happened if it got busy... I got the breakfast burrito with the battered potatoes. Loved it! The salsa that they served with it was really good. I really like the potatoes too. Bf got the chicken fried steak with biscuits and gravy. Yummmmmy! He ate it all in like 5 minutes. I would defiantly come back to try the dinner menu.
5	Chicken Fried Steak Nachos. If you go here for no other reason, get these. They were absolutely amazing.Also had 2 eggs with home fries. Eggs were cooked exactly as ordered, home fries were amazing.This is my new favorite breakfast spot by far.
2	Not sure what's happening here or if I just got the best they had to offer my first visit....I've been back for dinner and breakfast since with just so-so meals at both. Three of us went in Sunday morning around 10 for breakfast and I wasn't  in the mood for the delicious Chicken Fried steak they serve so i just opted for Sausage and eggs. Really cheap sub- Jimmy Dean quality sausage patties and cold toast(sourdough that I think was plain white) were both a bummer. Also it took about 45 mins for get our food which seemed excessive considering there were only 3 tables occupied when we arrived. The server lady is super laid back and friendly but also forgot my GF's coffee creamer and brought me the wrong potatoes. Plus her omlette was super dry and over cooked, I tasted it.  Overall just barely passable, without the Groupon a real misstep. It's unfortunate because this is a cool spot with friendly people and nice atmosphere...the food and service are beggining to lag IMO.
4	Went here for the first time. And loved it! My first thought was "oh smack, ten dollar mimosas? That will be all up in my face" they were delicious. Ordered the hamsteak and eggs with biscuits and gravy. O. M. G. I didn't breathe while inhaling. So good. The gravy is top notch.  The man got chicken fried steak sandwich and loved it. Fries are super crispy and potatoes were perfectly seasoned. Cute little place off cactus. Don't go down rainbow though! Take buffalo to cactus. Ten.  Dollar. Mimosas.
2	Frozen fried chicken and canned green beans. Soggy peach cobbler with cheap ice cream. The place is cute though. Maybe breakfast is better.
5	Best homemade potato chips I've ever had. Everyone at the table enjoyed their dishes as well (chicken fried steak sandwich, bacon cheeseburger, California burger, & quesadilla). Definitely will come back
2	Very disappointed in Country Cafe. They claim to have a style of home cooked meals, but they certainly don't have the warmth of home style service. We were seated promptly on a Sunday morning and served by a cocky male waiter that was a real mismatch for the cozy setting. Our food took an excessive amount of time to arrive -  as my coffee mug sat empty -  and we had no utensils or napkins until we asked. Indeed they were busy, but pumping out various combos of eggs/sausage/pancakes/biscuits should be the faintest of a line cooks worries. Food arrived and was as average as it gets...gravy was good but biscuits were overcooked on the bottoms, sausage was tasty but the pancakes were too "griddle crispy" for my liking. Truly bummed that I can't rave about this place.
5	This restaurant is located in the neighborhood I live in. I love supporting small, local businesses, so my hubby & I thought we'd try it. We were pleasantly surprised! The decor is very cute & the food is good, down-home eatin'!
2	I like to support small businesses in my neighborhood and discovered this nearby restaurant. My first two visits were pleasant, the food  and prices seemed decent. On my third visit, I ordered the French toast and was presented with one slice of thin, burnt appearing FT. I got the attention of one of the wait help and showed him the problem before even taking one bite. His words were, "Oh it's overcooked" and he took it back for replacement. Another waiter came back and said, for your information that's how our customers like the French toast. Then my waitress came by and said, "the reason it is so dark is because of the cinnamon they put on top gets dark." First of all, we are talking about a piece of bread, not filet mignon that was half eaten and someone tries to return.   I am not fresh off the boat and at 58 years old have eaten and cooked enough French toast, to know how it should appear. We never argued and it fact for some stupid reason, still tipped. I have worked as a waitress in the past and the first response anyone in customer service related job should be , "What can we do to make you happy?". I will never eat there again. If you want a really great breakfast, with professional, pleasant wait help, go to T bird's. I go to the one on Blue Diamond.
3	It's definitely hidden, but not difficult to locate. I liked the idea that there's a local restaurant for the Mountain's Edge community, so I wanted to give it a whirl. When I dined here, it was a weekday, so I think we were one of just two tables. Deserted. The food was fine, but nothing stood out for me. I don't recall the conversation, but the person who waited our table made me feel very uncomfortable. So, I decided then that I wouldn't be returning.
2	After reading all the great reviews my wife and I were actually really excited to check this spot out.... with that being said, it's not easy to write this review, but it's 100% true.I ordered the french toast, my wife ordered the sausage and egg breakfast.The home fries DEFINITELY came from a frozen bag.  We could tell because they had 3-4 random bits of veggies included, and the chunks were seasoned perfectly even.  My wife described her sausage patties as being "soggy" (frozen food cooked incorrectly) Our server Jason seemed angry the whole time.  At the end of our meal he literally dropped a basket with the check and said "there you go".  Again... I don't want to write a negative review about a local business in my neighborhood, but things need to change over there if they want anything over 2stars.
1	All I can say about this place is that the employees are nice however, I don't know what chef was working there that morning but there were 3 locks of hair in my 2 step breakfast. I'm not talking about 3 mistakenly little hairs, I am talking about 3 very long pieces of hair wrapped around my scrambled eggs and one clearly visible and wrapped around my sausage link. My guess is that whatever is going on in there the chef is clearly not paying attention to his job and if he or she is that careless do they even care to wash their hands before cooking? IDK, I don't want to assume but my experience there was horrid after that sunny morning. So I went back to the "Cracked Egg" instead. They've never let me down.
1	Really eager about this place but,alas,won't be back. The service was so bad and, if I'm going to be treated as a nobody, there are better places to go for that.
1	I like the food here but I am sooo tired of being treated with unfriendly servers. We had threatened to stop going many times. Im done. I ordered french toast and it came out very dark. I asked if I could get new order. The Father, who is the cook brought my new order out to me set the plate down very hard and with a attitude said your other order wasnt burnt. I am done! I called later and the daughter tried to be nice and say it was the cinnamon. I have ordered it many times there and it was overcooked. No big deal just dont be rude!!!. They never have been friendly usually they walk up to table and ask what do you want to drink. No hi, hello good morning. My Husband stopped going a long time ago. I liked the food and would tolerate the service. Anytime we go in for lunch or dinner they only have a few people in their. They are not busy because of their sarcadtic unfriendly service. They think its because Rainbow doesnt go through, that is not why! Awhile back I was confronted at the door by owner about my daughter. My daughter and her friend, both 8, brought in her box of crayons. Jason said she took some of their crayons. First of all they had their own crayons, second if they did pick up a few of their crayons it was on accident. Your going to bring this up to a regular customer.  I should of dropped off a 1.00 box of crayola crayons and never came back...my bad!!!
2	Yelp you failed me.I went here because I really wanted breakfast and we went with a place with higher star rating and 100+ reviews.First we walked in, the place was pretty nice.  We stood at the front for at least 10 minutes before any employee acknowledged us. We got a table and were seated. The person who sat us seemed to be grumpy having a bad day. They didn't ask us if we wanted anything to drink.  We got our drinks, the person spilled the orange juice and looked at us like it was our fault. We had to ask if we could order. Once we ordered, we got no acknowledgement until I asked for a refill.I asked how long our food would take at about 40 minutes of waiting. I was snapped at because they had too many orders from the bar. This should not be our problem. We didn't go to the bar next door. It took about 50 minutes to get our food. I was really looking forward to it. The bacon crumbled every time I bit into it. Not really what I like. I can go on and one about what I didn't like. The sausage was pretty over cooked.My wife ordered French toast, which was very good.Overall I felt like I was disturbing everyone's day by asking for anything. I won't be returning here.
4	Amazing breakfast spot! I come down here once or twice every 2 months. I recommend the breakfast menu here and the juicy tasty pork chops if you're on the south west side of town.
5	Great service, relaxed home feel to the place.  We just moved to the area and happy to find a nice little spot.
4	3 words: $10 mimosa pitcher!!! I believe we were told $10 for "bottomless mimosa's" but I can't remember if that is the correct verbiage. The food was good too. I ordered an omelette with a side of fresh fruit and toast. We will be returning Our Families Country Cafe!
3	Amazing food, terrible service from the entire family that runs this place. After the waitress brought our food she headed back to the kitchen to get the last two meals. When she returned we asked for ranch dressing and she actually said "you couldn't have asked me when I headed back to the kitchen last time?" Bad bad service, but we go back because the atmosphere is cozy and the food is good. Just expect the service to be blatantly rude.
5	I'm a really crappy "regular" because I haven't been here in about 8 months...but she STILL remembers my order.  Sure, I'm a creature of habit, but she got it exactly right... Hell, I didn't remember the details of my order... But it turns out I didn't need to.  Freakin' love this place.   Seat yourself.
2	I don't know how this place has a high rating. The food was bad! I had high hopes for this restaurant since it's the only one in mountains edge. We came here early Sunday afternoon for a late breakfast. We were greeted and sat right away. The staff was very friendly.  I ordered the veggie omelette with homefries and hot cakes. My omelette was overdone, eggs had no flavor, not fluffy, the mushrooms were canned. The potatoes were ok. The hot cakes were rubbery and tasted like flour paste. I tried my husbands biscuits and gravy, which was horrible. The gravy tasted like it was from a can, it was cold and too thick, the biscuit was hard. The only items that were decent were the orange juice, coffee, potatoes and bacon. Sad to say I will not eat here again.
1	Wouldnt come here again. Took such a long time to order and the food wasent worth my wait. They need more servers and help to assist the tables.
2	We stopped in for dinner at about 7:30 one evening. wo other tables of customers, yet it took almost 10 minutes for the waitress to get to us. Then another 10 minute wait to get our drinks, then more waiting to order our food. Seems to have taken forever to get our food, which was mediocre at best.
5	My husband and I recently moved to Mountain's Edge and saw a sign for this place near our home.  It's actually very close so we were hoping it was good.  The decor is country cute so I liked the feel right away.  We were greeted by a "friend of the family" who got our drinks and was very nice.I asked our waitress for the tuna melt, but she said they didn't have tuna that day. I was a little disappointed til she recommended the steak sandwich.  I really don't eat a lot of red meat, but I decided to give it a try.  Man, I'm glad I did.  It was delicious!  Very soft bun, melt in your mouth tender steak, and a side of huge steak fries cooked and seasoned perfectly!My husband got breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes and pancakes) and it looked good too.  He chowed his whole meal and tasted my sandwich and said the same thing I had about the steak "Man, that thing is tasty!"  Needless to say, we will be back.  I can't believe all the reviews that say they had bad service.  Everyone was very nice and attentive when we were there.  I hope it wasn't a fluke.  We will see next time we go.  =)
5	Staff is friendly and really treat you like family. Food is priced well and portions are large. Its as close as you can get to an east coast diner in vegas.
4	This place can be hit or miss for me. I have had a lot of great meals and a couple not so great. The staff is very friendly and the menu was a lot of choices. My kids enjoy eating here as well. It's difficult to find but is worth looking for. Hopefully you can catch them on a good day.
4	I've been here for breakfast and lunch and the food is good and reasonably priced. I have had their pancakes, eggs, sausage and bacon for breakfast and for lunch I have had a chicken sandwich and tried my husbands pork chop.  It is family owned and they are all really nice. It's a bit hard to find because, if you go down Rainbow to it you only see it but you can't get there due to construction. So you should go down Buffalo and make a right to Cactus and go until it dead ends. I would go back because the food is good and reasonably priced and the owners are nice.
4	FIRST OF ALL... oh my god why the heck is this in the middle of no-where?! LOL its at the edge of mountains edge and you have to cut across mountain's edge by buffalo and down cactus to the end. If you are in the area or live in the area, its actually not that bad. I live on the west side of town but was in the area for work so decided to meet up with some friends for brunch. Decor, outside, looks fairly simple. Inside, the decor is very country style. There are two wall racks of cups. Lots of wooden decor. Tables in the middle and booths along the side. You find your own seats. We were greeted fairly fast and were given our drinks (waters lol) quick. After referring to yelp the day before, i had noticed a lot of people had recommended the chicken fried steak as well as the biscuits and gravy. Upon reviewing on the menu, the Country Breakfast is the one with a chicken fried steak and smothered country gravy. Biscuits & Gravy has two golden biscuits smothered in homemade country sausage gravy, with homefries or batter fries. Not being too much of a fan of biscuits & gravy, and wanted a more full brunch, so decided to get the country breakfast instead. Upon ordering, i was told that the Country Breakfast comes with a side of either toast, or biscuits & gravy and i think there was some other stuff... I didn't hear the rest of it after i heard the biscuits & gravy ! i was like O.O biscuits & gravy ! woo i get to try both ! woo :D *edit* LOL so apparently the top of the menu says "All Two Egg Breakfasts served with HomeFries (Diced Potatoes, Bell Peppers, & Onions) or Batter Fries (Fried Seasoned Potatoes) and a Choice of Toast (Wheat, White, Rye, Sourdough), English Muffin, Biscuit & Gravy, or Hot Cakes... Country Breakfast - $9.99 - Chicken Fried Steak, smothered in country gravy, a side of seasoned cubed potatoes, as well as two eggs. And as i had said before, i decided to get the biscuits & gravy for the side. Overall, pretty big portions ! Though i had expected the country fried steak to be bigger (have seen bigger, but whatever and LOL thats what she said XD) ANYWAY... the main attraction of this item. The country fried steak. I would say it is about the size of my hand. About give or take 8-9" across, covered in gravy XD To my surprise, the chicken is juicy and flavored wonderfully. The batter used reminds me of batter used at popeyes fried chicken batter. Light and super crispy. Overall, a great item and highly recommended. To be honest, prior to this experience, i wasn't too fond of eating a chicken fried steak (maybe bad past experiences? but i dont remember lolol). But this has completely changed my mind XD ! The gravy was a nice creamy sauce, that is not too salty but seasoned nicely. The potatoes are diced are seasoned and cooked with chopped bell peppers and onions. Fairly yummy side. Eggs were cooked to perfection. Perfect over-easy as ordered. Breaking a yolk over the country fried steak adds a nice rich flavor. Biscuits & Gravy side - two golden biscuits smothered in homemade country sausage gravy. The  only thing that is different from the normal menu item, is it doesn't come with homefries or batter bites... The biscuits, i dont know if it was because i didn't eat it till the end, but the biscuits not as good as i had hoped for. Biscuits are one of my favorite items in terms of baked goods. The gravy used is made with some uncased sausage. Adds a nice flavor but a little salty, in my opinion, to be eaten alone. Overall, still pretty good. Overall, great experience. They are willing to split checks as well. Would love to come back in the future, to try other items on the menu. Though a little out of the way... XD
4	This is a great place for breakfast. Plenty of good food and friendly service. I am not sure about the situations surrounding previous reviews but everyone was very nice and very attentive. The food was very good. My wife is a very picky eater and after just one bite she said we will be coming back here. Only two drawbacks, as mentioned before this place is deep in Mountains Edge. The other was they gravy on the gravy biscuits was a little cold by the time it made it to us, but was good none the less. We will definitely be back!
5	My little family go here every once in a while and don't have any complaints!! I always get the corned beef hash and eggs which is spectacular! Not to mention the amazing biscuits and gravy! That right there is mouth watering!! :) we enjoy the family oriented atmosphere and hospitality. Everyone is so nice! I also love the idea of bringing and leaving your own coffee cup. This way you get free coffee!! Anyways, this cute little cafe is a great place to enjoy a nice breakfast in the mountains edge community!
3	Been here twice so far. Upon entry, you seat yourself. This place is pretty much out in the middle of nowhere and you can't access from Rainbow. Use Buffalo to get to cactus and drive towards Rainbow. First time: I got the Two Step Breakfast (two eggs, two bacon strips, two sausage links, two slices of toast OR two hot cakes) for $8.99. Pretty standard breakfast dish. Nothing special to me. Second time: Hotcake Sandwich (one big cake topped with two sausage patties, under two eggs any style) for $6.99.Service is pretty standard.
1	Sunday morning we decide to order some food from our families country cafe To go. We go and pick it up. Everything smells so delicious. As soon as we get home I'm so excited to eat. Eat my eggs and then start eating my potatoes. I put a huge bite in my mouth and chomp down on a piece of something hard. I spit everything out that is in my mouth and find a large piece of glass.  How is this even possible? I will be making a phone call to discuss this with the manager.
4	As a displaced texan I have been craving chicken fried steak.  Finally I've found the best chicken fried steak in las vegas.  Now I haven't tried all of the chicken fried steak in town but those I have well....... id rather eat my shoe.This chicken fried steak and cream gravy doesn't match up to my favorite places back home but when I have a craving for CFS I can go here and it hits the spot.I ordered the breakfast meal with the wggs over medium and breakfast potatoes and wheat toast.  Portion size: perfect.  The CFS wasn't hanging over the plate like back home but I could eat everything and not feel too bad about myself. (Should have asked for more gravy)Eggs were slightly overcooked. But id rather have harder yolks than runny whites.Potatoes yummy. Nicely seasoned. Toast was well toasty. To drink I had the sweet tea.  Now that also was to my tast.  It not as sweet as say a Georgia Southern sweet tea but more like a Texas sweet tea.  If you don't know what im talking about just go to breakfast and try it.Now about the service.  (A lot of the reviews here talk about the rude guy)  there were two guys a littler guy (quiet and friendly) and our server. He was a bigger guy (hed be a hoss in Texas)  I wouldn't call him rude.  Gruff maybe blunt yeah but Frienldy and didn't treat us poorly.   But I just went to try the CFS so didn't really care about him.
5	Great people. Would've never thought I could get a steak that good right behind my house. They cut their own steaks so awesome and if you live in mtns edge you should be here multiple times a week. Sad I just found it.
1	One big thing that I've noticed since my initial visit to this establishment is that the customer service has steadily declined.  Don't get me wrong, the food's great, but the people that work at this restaurant are the most miserable people I've ever met.  To speak from a previous experience, the woman that waits tables is loud and obnoxious.  At one point, my friend ate her meal but left the vegetables on her plate as she didn't enjoy that particular vegetable (they rotate which veggie they serve on a nightly basis).  One of the perks of being a self sustaining adult is that if you don't want to eat something on your plate, you won't be sent to bed without dessert.  She noticed that there was food still on the plate, picked it up and loudly said, "uh, you didn't touch your vegetables.  Is there something wrong with them?"  Seriously, unless my friend is also your daughter, calm down! Honestly, I didn't expect anything different from last night as this has been the habit recently, but I can't believe we were actually given worse.  In all reality, I have to admit that I can't believe there was a worse to give, but if you can expect anything out of the staff of this restaurant, it's that they will let you know when they're in bad moods, take it out on the customers and make you feel as uncomfortable as possible in the process.First off, we didn't get our drink orders placed until we'd already been seated for ten minutes and the drinks tasted flat.  The problem was that we were barely checked on during our visit, so explaining that the drinks tasted horrible wasn't going to happen.Second, my friend ordered a salad to start her meal off.  Let me explain, first, that to this restaurant, a salad consists of a plate of mixed lettuce with a chopped tomato and dressing.  When it was brought out to our table, the waiter acted like he was in such a rush that he just sorta threw it at my friend and left before it had even finished sliding across the table to her.  She took, maybe, two bites and didn't finish it.  Once again, nobody noticed or cared that it barely got touched.Finally, I wish I could circumvent my rant about their horrible customer service with how great our meal tasted, but we never actually received our meal.  We waited for forty five minutes in vain.  This restaurant was hardly busy and the main server was fiddling with the register for a good ten minutes before I got fed up and walked over to them to hand them my debit card so that we could at least pay for our drinks.  When I got up there and told that man that we wanted to leave, he responded with, "are you sure?  Your food's ready."  HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?!  You've been standing in the same viewable spot for ten minutes!!  Has it been ready that entire time but fixing the register trumped your customers?!I won't be back.  With the rate of decline on their service, I shudder to think of what I'd be subjected to next, especially since I'm paying them for my meal and experience.  Honestly, who would actually continue to endure that kind of crap at their own monetary and time expense?  Not me.  Also, not the people that I associate with.  Solidarity, sister.
4	I always like to give a place a second chance and although my experience at breakfast one day was not the best to say the least. I have had a good time in a couple recent visits with friends visiting town. The staff is courteous and has a good energy, the coffee is good and in many cases you can find a mobile car wash company in the lot so you can leave your car washing while you eat. Pretty convenient I thought. Very hard to get to since it sits at a dead end road but I guess the road is opening up soon to Rainbow Blvd so it will be a breeze getting there once you can drive right through Rainbow. You have to take S. Buffalo and left on Cactus till you hit the dead end road and it's to your right. Anyways, if you're in the area or live nearby its a cool place to go to for breakfast.
4	This place is hard to get to but that was not an issue. The atmosphere is super cute and they were very friendly. They seemed to be short staffed that day but still had a good time.The country friend steak and eggs were delicious. I had been craving that and it hit the spot!
5	I ordered the fried chicken fired and also ordered  a burger steak, probably like a hamburger Patty with gravy. Came with a salad and the offer souo, but was out of it. Food looks yummy. Drinks come in a huge coke cup looks like 44 oz worth, lol a lot of liquid with plenty of ice...... Waiting food... I post a pic as it arrives.
4	If it weren't for the food... a solid 3 stars due to spotty customer service.  Plus it's hard to find truly good breakfast gravy in this town, and they do have some good gravy here - not that stuff with the tiny minced sausage.*Personal opinion - Can be interesting if you look a little different.... My friend and I are both fully sleeved (tattoos) and I never have a "normal" hair color (style most times, color never).  We don't have anything offensive tattoo-wise, but seem to draw alot of stares or consternation from both staff and patrons depending on the day.  They always seem to be surprised that we act like normal people.  I do expect that to some degree but it can be a little unnerving at this place. It's not ALWAYS like this, but it's happened quite a few times.Classic America fare (country food).  Food has been consistently good.  Service is another story entirely.  It ranges from great to "why did this person even bother coming to work today".Pros:  Good food and super large drinks  Good pricesLarge portionsGood location for Mountain's Edge/Southern Highlands.  Not hard to find since they have signage everywhere directing you to the spot.Connected to a Bounty Hunter should you want to partake in the spiritsLarge lot for parkingHave a copy of the current newspaper available at front to peruse at your table for freeCons - Inconsistent serviceHave had takeout a few times and have never had one order that didn't have something missingWorth a try for the food, especially if you are in the Mountain's Edge area.
4	The best chicken fried steak in town...  The decor is very old school grandma's house lol which is coo it adds to the experience...  Service was good even though our server had a full station..  So props to him.. I recommend this place
5	Great place and great food. Family atmosphere with all the harassment you would expect. :-)
2	I will be short and sweet. If this place wasn't so close to the house I just moved to, probably wouldn't have ever tried it. Service is not good. It is family run and the owner employs young teenagers to wait on the tables so she can stand in the kitchen and curse loudly. I happened to grab the booth right by the kitchen because the others were full so I got to hear a lot. I ordered biscuits & gravy and the biscuits came out hard and the gravy was cold. I sent it back and it was better the 2nd time, I hope without a special surprise. Their pancakes are delightful, remind me of my daddy's. I am rating more on nostalgia and the variety of comfort food they offer. Other than that I wouldn't tell my friends about this place and I will pray over my food every time I happen to eat here.
4	We just moved to the area and saw the sign driving down buffalo. We decided to try it today. When you walk in you seat yourself. The place is very small and is just as it is in the middle of no where. One the overpass on Cactus opens up this place will be busy. With that being said. There were 2 people seated including us. It's not so much as they aren't friendly because they are, it's the fact they have kids working here that don't know customer service. They don't refill your drinks and you don't see anyone because they are all in the kitchen. It's very kid friendly with toys and books for them to play. I'm giving them four stars because the food was AMAZING!! The service needs some work, especially once the street Cactus opens up, it will be busy! It took us 45 mins to get our food. The food is over priced for the place but it was great food! If it wasn't for their food, they wouldn't have such high reviews!
1	We sat and waited 5min minutes before someone took our drink order. We waited 10 min more before someone took our meal order and we waited for our meal for over 45min, needless to say it never showed up. My coffee cup was never refilled either. After almost an hour we left. The service was horrible and I'm pretty sure our waiter was stoned out of his mind. This place has great potential and good food but it's always a hit or a miss, and more often then not recently is been a complete miss. I recommend you go here if you want to starve and waste your time.
5	I ordered the ham steak & the bf ordered the charbroiled pork chops. Both were soooo delicious!!!! Everything from the entree, to the "batter bites" & toast was perfect. The atmosphere is cozy & we both liked the idea of this place being hidden & far away from chaos.We will definitely be back!
5	Love this place good food good service and if you want to bring your own coffee cup and keep it there you can
1	Inexcusable poor customer service. It was a "Please Seat Yourself" situation, so we did. There were only two other tables and two booths occupied at the time, yet we were never approached despite there being three different employees in the dining room and we were waiting for over 20 minutes. No comment such as, 'Welcome, we will be right with you"...no menus provided, no water brought to the table or drink order taken...just a whole lot of nothing going on. We walked out and will never return. I gave one star simply because there is no option to give zero stars.
5	My family and and me have been coming here for over two years and this place is awesome, the 4th of July celebration was like an old block party. The bbq was delicious, and their home made chips are to die for. I love to support local mom and pop shops and this is a great place to eat and support.
5	This place is great! I've been here three times now since moving to Las Vegas. The place is in the middle of nowhere which is kind of nice because there's not usually many people there. It's really cozy, mom & pop type feel. The service is quick and the food is great. I order an omelette, scramble style that I build myself. Everything in the omelette tastes very fresh. I also get the batter bites which are twice fried breakfast potatoes which are amazing, perfect amount of crunch. Now that I'm in love with the breakfast I'm gonna have to go check them out for lunch.
3	Food was good, not crazy good, but good breakfast for the family.  Service was ok, they seemed to be short staffed and the kid serving us was not great but ok.  I heard the owner being a bit rude to other Patrons.  That itself would prevent me from eating here if I saw that again.
5	You have to go early on Friday nights and get the Rib Special.  Best ribs by far I have had in Vegas.Any other day or time, the chicken fried steak sandwich is winner! Make sure you get your gravy on the side so that you can dip the sandwich. Also, great place for BREAKFAST! Pancakes are yummy as are the breakfast potatoes. This place is comfortable and very casual.Some people may be put off by the service but that's because you haven't been there enough to know their style. They are really good people....just a little sarcastic and joking. It's only because they like you.
5	Two words: Country Nacos! Great food and atmosphere. Come hungry or bring a few people, give it a try and you will be glad you did.
5	My family and I live in Mountain's Edge and when we discovered this place in our community decided to give it a try. The prices were reasonable and the food was fantastic. Service was great and everyone was super friendly. Will def go back.
5	Cute family restaurant with great food! I had the hot pastrami sandwich. The meat was fresh, melt in your mouth sandwich! my husband had the fish fry which was perfectly crispy on the outside and nice a fluffy on the inside! Anyone looking for a great county ma&pa place this is it!!
1	I was excited to have a breakfast place within walking distance from our new house.  I went there one time and received horrible service from one of the servers there.  I thought maybe it was a fluke, he wasn't having a good day, or whatever other excuse.  So, I tried it again and got the same grumpy, mean guy.  The food was okay, but I would definitely go again if they were more friendly.  For example, I asked what the potatoes were like and I got attitude as if I had asked him to explain a scientific concept.  I wish I could remember his name.  Nonetheless, I will not be visiting again due to the poor customer service.
5	Great breakfast, excellent sandwiches! This is truly a down home country cafe which is family owned & operated.  It shows that they take pride in good service, and the food is simply delicious.  My husband & I have been here many times and will keep coming back.  If you being your own coffee mug, they will keep it here for you (in a cute display) and fill it with free coffee for breakfast.  The Mac salad is amazing and you can order it by the pound if you want to take some home for your own BBQ.
2	The country-fried steak breakfast with all the fixings was pretty darn good. The busboy  was prompt with the drinks and fairly courteous. The major let down was the waiter, who seemed to be annoyed with everything from beginning to end. He seemed exasperated with having to take the party's order, wait on them to pick from options. An air of hostility hung over the meal and made our party feel uneasy throughout the experience. I'm not usually phased by a little bit of attitude from a server, but this guy seemed like he might freak out on us at any moment.
5	The food here was really good.  Our waiter took our orders quickly, got the orders correct, and quickly split the check for our group.   I ordered the country fried steak with home fries which both came out really good.
2	We only went to this cafe after reading the earlier reviews. It is very unfortunately positioned with all of the construction.I truly want to give this restaurant a single star. Unfortunately, the food doesn't merit that, as the food was better then you would expect. The truth is the service was so horrible that if the food had been flawless I would still give them two stars.From the moment we sat down to the moment we left we were treated as though we were a definite burden. Our waiter (who may have also been the cook) was put out by every request.  He was cold, rolled his eyes consistently, and was extremely short. The bus boy attempted to do a good job, but it was clear he was burnt out. The only positive thing I can say about our service was that our food came out correctly, and the waiter was competent.At the end of the day if you only go to restaurants for sustenance and service is irrelevant to you then I suppose you might enjoy yourself. If you care about receiving good, friendly service I would highly recommend going elsewhere.
4	This place would get 5 stars if the service had been better. Food was very tasty and the atmosphere was very down to earth but the server was very short and didn't seem like he enjoyed his job very much. The bus boy was pleasant though! But like others have stated if you care more so about food and less about service than this is the way to go. If the server was better would have been 5 stars!!
5	Omgosh the cowboy was 100% right. The chicken fried steak is the best. Hands down. No ifs, ands or buts about it.
4	After going back a few times, I can say that the service is better than our experience in the past.   The owner tends to come across as grouchy, but it think this may be simply a personality issue.  Once you break thru, their not as rude as they seem.    Food is good here.   So, well be back.
1	I visited this place on a Saturday morning (9/9/2014) after hearing so many wonderful things about them. I was ready to be impressed. I didn't mind the zig-zagging through neighborhoods to find them, I actually enjoyed the scavenger hunt. (Kudos to the person who thought of putting signs out on the road guiding lost people to your restaurant!)My issue came at the time sat ourselves down to order. We weren't welcomes by a hostess (you seat yourself) but our waiter didn't come by for a good 5 mins and the place only had 4-5 busy tables. When he did show up, he didn't even look at us directly. He asked for our orders like we were his construction buddies and annoyed with us dinning there. Exact words "what will have today".. last time I checked this was not polite. I wasn't done with placing my order and he moved onto my girlfriend to place her order. I interrupted him as he started walking away to ask for a side item (which showed up on my friends plate when we got our food). Little things matter Country Cafe. As simply as being welcoming a guest into an establishment goes a long way. Your place is grandma's house cute, but the food was ok and the service we sub par. Maybe you should target construction workers not families and neighbors as your customer base. Or better yet, get rid of the tall, 230 lb, dark haired waiter and hire a well-mannered person with some hospitality skills to replace him. Then maybe some customers would come back.
5	We always head into the bar side, but the food is the same at both establishments. We have always enjoyed the food here, especially breakfast! The gaming is good, drinks are great and for not having beer on tap they have a great variety of bottled beers which totally makes up for it! Kevin, the graveyard bartender, is AMAZING! He is extremely personable, humorous, and attentive. Dave is also a fabulous bartender that they have on staff during swing shifts, unfortunately I also work swing so rarely get in to see him but another awesome staff member for the bar! I love this neighborhood gem we have in mountains edge, its nice to have a place where the staff knows everyone who stops by and the customers are friendly with one another too!
5	Great food. Great service. Cute little place out in the middle of a residential area. I never would have thought such a good little cafe would be located in the middle of nowhere. The biscuits & gravy are to die for!!!
5	To the one star review...  it's an old school cafe not a fine dining experience..that beings said... when we lived in mountains edge we used to eat here once or twice a month with the kids...  I'm a fan of the chicken fried steak .. the wife just loves anything...when we are back in the neighborhood we will have to stop by....
4	This place is like a one-off, family-run Cracker Barrel. We've had breakfast and lunch here and both are very good.It's heavy comfort food, so come prepared for gravy and grease.As others have said, the service isn't exactly stellar, but seriously get over it. You guys are too sensitive. Enjoy your meal and the 90's Grandmother decor.
4	Nice little local restaurant. County appearance inside with wood paneling and booths. Good breakfast and very affordable. Please take note there is a sign that says "please seat yourself" if big, it's right in front of you. And you should do it.
5	Great old fashioned breakfast, nothing fancy just good ol' stick to your ribs grub. Good people working there to... I'm a regular now for sure.
1	I was in town from San Diego and wanted some home cooking. I looked on Yelp and decided to try this place. What a joke!First I walked in and the sign said " please wait to be seated". So I stood there and waited. The old guy server walked by me 3 times to serve a table right next to me and never said a word. There was 3 or 4 servers and a bus boy and nobody even cared I was there. So I sat myself. I waited for 5 minutes and still no acknowledgment that I was even there. Finally a server accidentally made eye contact with me and I told him I wanted water. Another 10 minutes and I placed my order. It came out pretty fast and some monoton grouch brought me my food (his name was Jason I heard). All while I was eating there was a table with about 8 loud idiots and one even louder obnoctious server ( she was overweight missing teeth with random tattoos also heard it was Jason the monoton grouch's sister) well she showed them all the love and none stop loud banter. At one point she asked them all to turn around and flip off her brother (Jason) which of course they did!The whole time I was there the only person who gave a crap and asked if I was ok and asked of I needed more water was the young bus boy!  He had to be 12 years old maybe and had more class and professionalism then everyone combined.This place is a joke and if they want to be good they need to rid the big ogar meathead manager (Jason) and clean up the others appearance and hire someone who knows how to run a restaurant! And make the young bus boy manager in the future!
3	Good food but the service is spotty. Last time it was actually pretty good but you never know. Makes it hard to want to come back a lot.
5	This place is a hidden gem in Las Vegas. It is a MUST try. The atmosphere is absolutely adorable and was decorated for Christmas. The service was fast, and so nice! They have regulars there and they knew them by name. The homemade beef stew was delicious and the chicken fried chicken was to die for. Don't even get me started on the pancakes. All I can say is WOW- we will be back a lot!!!!
1	Wowee wow woah. Most terrible food I have ever eaten. I wissssh I could give this zero stars. Literally, bar food far surpasses this place. Fast food. Lean cuisines. Dog food. Cat food. Bird seed. The cold, sad, vomited remains of a Little Caesar's Hot-N-Ready. All things I would rather EAT than ever even have to LOOK at the slop they charged $40+ to serve us. I honestly don't know how this place is still standing!! Maybe they actually serve secret edible food to the "regulars?"Appalling service, as others have mentioned. Disgusting, bland, straight from the box/can/freezer but still takes 45 minutes to get on your table and served cold. My boyfriend ordered a steak and I think I had chicken? With green beans (canned)? Idk. Was that gravy? I'm still trying to figure it out!Plus every time we tried to order something (that was ON the menu) on a TUESDAY night (we were the only customers in there), the "waitress" just said "we don't have that." "We're all out." "The blender is broken." "Trust me you don't NEED steak sauce for this steak." (Because they don't have any.)And I had to write quotations around the word "waitress" because it'd be laughable and insulting to other servers to call someone who flings plates on your table, then the check, without more than two words-- a "waitress."It was ridiculous. I'm not a good cook, but I am somehow capable of "cooking" canned vegetables and frozen meat better than they do. And I don't buy groceries often, but I actually have more options in my pantry than they have in their "cafe."It's so sad, because with this huge population living in Mountain's Edge, we have THIS as our only option. I was hoping we would eat here once a week at LEAST! I drove home with my boyfriend feeling like a prostitute-- cheap, used, near-vomiting for being forced to swallow that, a bit dizzy, and wondering "how did I just get royally f***ed that hard, and what can I do about it?"I guess leave this Yelp review...
3	If you're looking for a diner-esque type place, look no further. It may be a bit hard to find for those of you not familiar with Mountain's Edge.I found the staff to be friendly and pleasant and there was not long wait for our service.I got the Honey Stung Fried Chicken, it wasn't the best fried chicken but it was tasty and not at all greasy. I wasn't a big fan of their mashed potatoes (could they be instant-maybe?). The roll was tasty. I also got a cup of their Cream of Chicken Soup...wow! this stuff is good. I'd go back just for the soup!My husband got the Rib Eye Sandwich with Fries. The sandwich was good, no grisle like you get in some steaks. The fries were also good, I stole my share from his plate!I would definitely go back, friendly staff, prices are decent, food is good and it's close to home!
5	Great food here! I am so happy we have this hidden gem in mountains edge. Now, for those commenting on the appearance of the wonderful family that works here, you have no right to judge. To focus on the negative is a reflection of your life. If you feel like a hooker after eating here, that sounds like you need to raise your standards. Now, the secret family recipes always have me coming back for more. When you are a regular, yes you may be treated a little better. New customers will of course be treated with great service, but when you really get to know this family you really make there day by coming back to see them. If you have a tendency of being grouchy, don't come. Don't disturb the patrons who truly enjoy this place.
4	Have only been here for breakfast, but it's been great every time, no matter what I get.
3	I have to say the name is a bit misleading.  Country Cafe implies home cooking but what you get here seems to come from the freezer or a can.  That's not to say the food was bad, but not what we expected.    The food was on par with standard bar food, which makes sense because the cafe is attached to a bar!   My daughter had the pizza, and it was definitely a frozen brand name pizza, probably Red Baron.   My wife had the clam chowder.  She said it tasted like what one would get from the can in a grocery store.   I had the chicken fried steak.  It was pretty good, pillsbury biscuit and all.    The atmosphere was nice.  Quiet.   The staff, while not super friendly, did a sufficient enough job taking our order and bringing our food in a timely manner.     Prices were not outrageous.  We left fairly satisfied, but again were expecting something a bit different.   If you like typical Vegas bar food, you will like this place.
4	Been here a couple times since it's super close to where we live.  It's a little hidden so unless you live in the neighborhood you probably don't even know it's there.  Food is decent especially the hot cakes and biscuits & gravy.  They're open for lunch but only been here for breakfast.  If you live in the area, I'd definitely recommend if your looking for a home cooked breakfast but don't want to drive super far!
5	One of my favorite places to go when I'm with my lady or a couple of friends. The food is always great and they remember me every time I come in. Whether I go for breakfast, lunch, or dinner it's always some of the best food and service I've received anywhere.
5	My favorite, especially for the chicken fried steak breakfast. Family run. There Xmas decorations are wonderful. Dad did them.
3	Not bad, not great, wouldn't make the drive here, better options on the other side of the freeway
3	Good food.....good music.  Chicken fried steak was the best.  Staff was friendly but nothing to write home about.  Lol....three people two mints!
1	Food is terrible and the owner is rude. Very unpleasant experience.
5	Considering this place was packed and there were only two servers.  We got our food fairly quick.  Service was pleasant and precise.  My lady had the 10 oz ribeye and I got to try a piece and it is so delicious.  No A1 sauce needed!  Get the potatoes with bell peppers and onions.  I had the hungry man plate and it was filling, considering I'm a savage and eat a lot.
5	This restaurant is amazing!! We eat here at least once a week and absolutely love it. The waitresses are really funny and friendly. Lee was a fantastic waitress. She made sure we had everything we needed.  The bus boys are always making sure we are ok. They definitely have the best breakfast in town. Their chicken fried chicken is also amazing. They have a great accommodating kids menu plus they eat free on Tuesdays. They also offer a car washing service outside. Jason is also pretty amazing. He always checks on us to make sure we are ok. This is the best restaurant in town :)
3	Not Horrible Not Great, my 1st time being here I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs w hot cakes and a sweet tea. Sweet tea was OK nothing special. The corned beef hash taste like it was out a can, yet made it a little crispy just how I like it. I like canned hash but I don't want that from a restaurant, I can do that at home myself. The eggs weren't real, egg beaters I guess. I love eggs and would never eat that mess. Disgusting.... home friend edible w peppers and onions but no real seasoning. Hot cakes not good, just taste like flour. Service about 5 different ppl came to my table doing a didn't job. 1 for drinks, 1 for to tell me who would take my order. 1 who took the order and forgot that i asked for cheese in my eggs. 2 to check on me. All were nice except the 1 taking the order. Bought the check quickly and took forever to cash me out. Only 2 customers, me and 2ppl at another table together.  Took so long I took a phone call finished then decided to write this review while I waited.....LOL. probly will never come back but i tried. ...
