5	This place has the biggest pizza I have ever seen! You have got to try the 28" big boy :-) with friendly staff and fast delivery for a reasonable price I would definitely recommend this Big Boys Pizza to anyone
5	I didn't actually go to this restaurant, but my mom brought me home one of the huge slices. It was delicious and only cost $3.50! This will probably be our new go to spot. :)
5	I was here last Friday night iwth my family and I was very impressed!  Great service, great prices and great food!  I'm so happy to see a family owned busienss keeping priceing down and still serving a great pizza.  Way to go!  We do pizza every Friday night and this place will be our new pizza place.  "Cheers"!
5	@ Steve S. Why would you give 1 star when you haven't tried the place and are asking a question?  Well the answer to your question is YES the pizza is as good if not better.  Since the new owners took over my orders don't get messed up and WOW have they cleaned the place up!  The Big Boy slice is a great lunch deal.  The staff is friendly and the cooks don't stand there and mumble to themselves.  I really like what they have done with the place and will be going back for more!
5	I have been disappointed in the pizza I was getting lately so when I saw this place I tried it.  Very good pizza.  Well balanced, chewy crust, good sauce and good toppings.  Toppings like sausage are of very good quality.  Very clean place and very friendly people. Nothing to not like.
5	Seriously... I cannot belive I am posting a 5 star review on a hole-in-the-wall pizza joint in Mesa.  But.... Mama Mia What A Pizza!!!  Just amazing - easily the best I've had in town.  No BS.  Eat it.  Live it.  Love it.
5	Always happy/satisfied when I leave. They have great lunch specials!
5	Best pie in town! Great service with quick delivery. I ordered a pizza around 9:30 the other night. They told me that they close in a half an hour and that they could not deliver. So the gentleman asked me where I live, I told him I live down the street, he then said I got you covered, I'll deliver it on the way home. Now, that's service! I recommend this place, The pizza is great..Great neighborhood pizzeria.They have a customer for life. 5 stars!!
5	They are literally within sight of/walking distance from Jimmie and Joe's, they also make an enormous slice of pizza for lunch.Big Boy makes a far better slice-for less.All I can say is Well Done! Stop by, grab a slice, order a pie....don't make me keep this place in business all by myself. This is REAL Neighborhood Pizza-like I remember from my days Back East.
5	ever since i moved to arizona i cant find a decient pizza. this place is awesome. im so impressed.. the pizza was great the antipasta was really good, fancy lettuce and 3 meats and 2 cheeses. meatballs were great and my kids loved the chicken fingers.
5	Thanks for the great pizza tonight. I burned our Costco pizza and the kids cried.   So we picked up the phone and bam, pizza and ice cream where in minutes.   Now I know better.  Big Boys Pizza from now on
5	This place is incredible! I needed to bring pizza to a business meeting with 10 hungry men, and although Big Boys Pizza doesnt open until 11, they began making my pizzas at 10:30 when I called. They were extremely friendly and even offered to help me drive the food to the meeting because the boxes were almost too big to fit in my rental car! Not only was the service exceptional but the pizza itself was delicious. My clients were in awe at how big the pizzas were. I definitely made a lasting impression and my clients will remember my company because of Big Boys. I only wish I had a Big Boys at home in Orange County, CA. Thank you!!!!
5	We order a bunch of pizza, usually from Costco....I have to say, this pie was one of the best we have ever had!  The delivery was really quick, the pizza and wings came pipping hot and were crowd pleasers.  I also had a House Salad, it is big enough for 2 people.  Every bite was absolutely delicious and the delivery guy was very polite and professional.  I would highly recommend this spot to anyone.  Next time we will eat in and enjoy some ice cream too!
5	Man o Man.. these guys make a great pie. Their crust is incredible. Chewy, and delicious. Their sauce is unmatched. So flavorful, and fresh.. and the quality of Big Boy's cheese seals the deal. I was reluctant to give some new joint "Top Pie" over Venezias.. but I think Big Boys may have it. Prices and service cannot be beat here. Their staff is extremely friendly, and helpful. You can get ice cream with your order too!!!Wings here are tits.. so are garlic knots. I have no complaints. None!!
5	This place is great, man the 28 in big boy is a huge pizza and you know sometimes with quantity you don't get quality.  Well that is not the case here, the pizza was delicious, the wings were awesome and the garlic twists were very tasty.  This is on my pizza place short list for sure.
5	This place is amazing, so amazing in fact that it persuaded me to finally make a Yelp! account just to spread the word. I love pizza, and in my opinion this is pretty much as good as it gets. And their prices can't be beat! Just had lunch there for $6, which got me a 2 topping slice as big as my head twice over, a drink, and a cone of ice cream (they have Thrifty by the way, delicious). Great service too. It helps that I live about two minutes from the place, but even if I eventually move, I'd still make the trip to frequent Big Boy's Pizza.
5	I have to agree with my fellow Yelpers on this one! Great pizza at great prices. This pie has flavor from top to bottom & front to back! We ordered ours a little crispy which added even more flavor! I love the garlic brushing they do over the crust. It came piping hot from the oven and we were not disappointed. Be sure to check their specials. On Wednesday you can get the smallest (and it's not even that small) cheese pizza for $4.99! Next time I want a pizza I know where I'm going.
5	Great pizza...and you won't leave hungry. My wife wanted to try a new pizza place and we read the raving Yelp reviews about Big Boys and thought we would give it a try. We each ordered a slice, which equaled about 3 pieces of any other local pizza. Great crust, thin and chewy. Super friendly staff and lots of specials to choose from. Have been back twice since our first visit and I am counting the days until we order more Big Boys Pizza!
5	I was born and raised in NY. I have lived in Arizona for 9 years and this is the best pizza outside of NY!!!
5	Awesome pizza.  Fast delivery. Very happy with them.
5	I'm a sucker for habit but breaking free from my usual spot down the street, I tried Big Boys Pizza today. I walked in and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff. The small dining room is clean, quiet, well themed and upbeat. There are two flat-screens mounted for your enjoyment. One can hear pizza sizzle and toppings being chopped from their seat as they wait for their order.  I felt like I was back home at the family pizza joint. Cheap, quick, easy, enormously sliced and flavorful, this New York style pizza was just what I was craving. The menu features a comprehensive selection of toppings and specials. The staff isn't afraid to make suggestions or adjust their specials to your wallet's benefit. Though the prices are on par with with the lower-tier pizza chains, the quality of the pie is up there with the best of the valley. I honestly can't wait to order their 28'' Big Boy pizza for my next party.My only gripe was the $5 minimum required for credit/debit transactions. I've noticed many business implementing this policy but there are many companies that have developed technology to ease this issue i.e. Paypal Here, Square. I'll just have to remember to bring cash next time.Keep in mind: Big Boys also delivers.
5	Wow. $3 for a slice of pizza larger than most medium pizzas. It's the closest thing ive found in the valley to the pizzas back home in New York. It's family owned and operated too. I love supporting a (good) local small business. I'm a fan. I just wish they would ditch the RC cola for coke or Pepsi.
5	I have no idea how I ended up here, driving by I concluded that I didn't want to eat here. It looked like a non-descript, darkened window blah storefront but Boy am I glad I came back!The lowdown*HUGE HUGE HUGE slices, it takes up a big pizza pan for only the one slice UNDER $4!Also comes with your own pizza roller to cut that baby up.*Whole pizzas are ridiculous, about the size of 2 large pizzas.*Always crisp never soggy, I hate soggy pizza~ Streets of NY I am looking at you!*Toppings are fresh not canned, sauce is excellent, crust nice flavor.*Thrifty ice cream*See photos for lunch specialsThis is my off-diet day place to come. I wholeheartedly recommend this place because the people are actually very friendly. No hitting or throwing things at you! They look at you and smile! They actually thank you for coming! Unheard of these days to extend human kindness.
5	Without question, this is the best pizza I have had in Arizona.  While it does not taste like anything "special" at the beginning, once you bite the crust your taste-buds will experience an overpowering orgasmic sensation.  Its a homemade dough and I think they season it with garlic and butter or something.  While i said the rest of the pizza is not anything super special, it is still really good - as good as  any quasi New York style pizza can be (i personally prefer chicago stuffed style pizza if i have the option)   Also, its cheap and their are always specials going on just ask. Also, FYI, while they have a few tables, I would recommend getting carry out - its not the best "ambiance"
5	After a long day with no energy to cook, I still needed to feed the fam. I'm so glad I tried this pizza joint.  This place is amazin.  I don't have the words to describe.  If your looking for pizza just order from here. You will thank me!
1	So this review has nothing to do with the quality of Big Boys Pizza and only the customer service  I received from a guy named "Ralph" who claimed to be the manager on staff at time.  I live outside the delivery zone by a block, when I first started ordering from Big Boys I had to talk to the owner/manager and he told me that to ensure freshness they couldn't deliver to my area, but he made the exception to gain a customer.  I knew the pizza might be a tad colder than if I live a block closer but who cares if its good pizza.  So with that settled Big Boys became the new delivery spot.  Saturday night, have friends over for the UFC fight and I call to order some pizza, I place the order and when the computer brought up my address the guy said that he can not deliver to me because I live outside their delivery area.  I explained to "Ralph" that I know, but its ok because I have ordered multiple times and there has never been a problem.  "Ralph" said that their zone had changed and that he was sorry but he couldn't deliver to me.  I explained that I wouldn't be in the computer system if I had not already been getting deliveries.  "Ralph" was very short and told me that they are to busy to deliver a pizza to me within a timely manner, and kept repeating I live outside their delivery range.  This is a manager that cant handle management.  Total lack of customer service skill and resolve.  He pretty much told me to f off and order from some place else because he already has enough deliveries and he's behind enough to be making exceptions so tuff luck kid!!!  So much for ordering food from this place, hopefully "Ralph" gets fired and goes back to Walmart where his lack of intellect will serve him better.
5	We were there last weekend for the opening day of Spring Training. Apparently, so was everyone else. Every restaurant was packed. We decided to look for NY style pizza. We were delighted to find this place, and with awesome reviews to boot. Well, there is a reason for that. AWESOME cheese pizza. The guy behind the counter was extremely friendly, and the price was very inexpensive. Wish we lived in the area, as this place would be a regular stop for us.
5	I've never ate one bite of pizza and said "WOW!" out loud like this. first of all i'm over 300 lbs so I have had a lot... A LOT of pizza. Normally I don't write reviews like this and I am very critical of any restaurant in Arizona due to sub par food and bad service. Coming here was like I stepped into another state...????? friendly, clean and good God almighty the pizza was freakin amazing. The seasoning and sauce and cheese just blasted a fresh taste and the crust was unbelievable! This is my new pizza place from now on. Trust me, you will not be dissapointed, I promise you that.
5	This place has the best pizza. Period. I found this place because I had just moved to Mesa and my boyfriend and I wanted to find "our" pizza place. We found it. Note: "Large" is their smallest pizza. The flavor is amazing. We unfortunately live outside the delivery area, but that's probably good for my wallet and my belt! Driving home with the pizza in the car is torture because it smells so amazing! They also recently expanded to include more seating which made me happy.The ice cream they offer is also really good!
5	I ordered from them twice this week both times were amazing.  today 3 / 22 / 11 I ordered 1 thing different which was the garlic knots(not abig venture but...so!) after I had my grand mal seizure from the exploding massive amount of grand mal ish flavor, I decided to write  this review. I have never tried crack, well not that I know of at least, but I would venture to say that this is as close an addictive substance as crack but what do I know. My son who will eat nothing asks for seconds and steals his sisters slice of pizza so what the hell just happened? There has to be something awesome in there That makes me feel addicted as if I was addicted to crack and literally changes my son into a completely different little kid that eats food. What the hell is in that stuff? Hell I might even be back tomorrow.
4	Had lunch here for the first time this week. Great staff, great pizza. Anyone that knows me will attest I save my 5 star Pizza reviews for the ELITE. Not quite that, but very good nonetheless.
3	This place is in a random strip mall but is pretty yummy! The salad is actually fresh and not a big mess of iceberg lettuce. Friendly staff too. Will be back soon.
5	If I could give these guys six stars, I would. Everything was just excellent. The slices are ridiculously big and very reasonably priced, but they also know that quality matters- it was all so fresh!!The guys at the counter were great- even hooked us up with some garlic knots while we were waiting for our slices... yum. We will def. be back- and I'd recommend you stop your lunch/dinner search and head there now!
5	I love this place. I refuse to have pizza anywhere else. The people are awesome, slices are huge! The tomato sauce is freaking fantastic, cheese is fantastic, pepperoni FANTASTIC!!!!
4	Good pizza place. We ordered the 28 inch pizza. I loved the garlic crust.
4	A "slice" is filling enough. Personable and funny owner too.
5	Great NY Style pizza.  Plentiful toppings and great crust.
5	Giant slices of Traditional pizza, great prices and the staff is friendly and fun.  Stop by, you won't regret it.
5	Let me start by saying I am a fluffy guy. I enjoy sitting on my couch, eating food and watching trashy reality shows. I love this place. I ordered a pie with meatball and sausage and some spicy BBQ wings. Yummy yummy!!! Wings were meaty with a perfect mix of crunchy and saucy. The pizza was actually tasty. The delivery was so fast my food was still hot. This is my new go to place. And they deliver Thrifty ice cream!!!
4	Heard about this place quite a few recently, so I decided to finally try it.  Now, I have heard that they have really big slices for a decent price.  Got me just one slice with pepperoni, a drink and some garlic knots.  The size of the slice did impress me, but I didn't enjoy the taste of the pizza much, and the knots were decent.  I'm a fan of Casanova Brothers and even Venenzia's pizza, so I expected much more for a 5 star rated restaurant.  I found it to be kind of bland, but it wasn't nasty or anything.. If a place like Casanova Brothers offered giant slices, I would go there every time I want pizza.  If you're in that part of town though, go ahead and try it if you want, you won't be sorely disappointed.
5	My wife and I have been to several pizza places in Arizona.  Most of them have been horrendous, but there have been a few good ones.  One of those places is Oregano's, which makes a great, Chicago style pizza.  However, we haven't been able to find a pizzeria which makes a good, NY style pizza.  I've missed it terribly.I found out about this place, and we ordered two, 18" pizzas.  We picked them up, brought them home, and they smelled great.  We were so excited.I took a slice, bit into it, and then cried.  Not out of pain or disappointment, no, I cried tears of joy!  It was everything that I had been looking for in a pizza since we moved here in July. The cook on the pizza?  Spot on.  The ingredients?  Fresh.  The sauce?  Tangy.  The crust?  Thin and crispy, yet chewy.  It's pizza perfection, as far as NY style pizza goes.If you go here to have pizza, and you like NY style pizza, you will not regret it.
5	Ok, so it's my second 5 star review of Big Boys Pizza. I get it.  But I just have to post this. It's a moral imperative at this point. Just ordered and wolfed down a bacon hamburger pizza. Simple enough, right?  Allow me, gentle reader, to paint you a mental image:  hand kneaded crust so golden brown the yearning (dare I say the needing?  Dare!  Dare!) is palpable. bacon so crispy-so delicious, and the hamburger so pervasive-so omnipresent one could hardly glimpse the cheesy awesomeness bubbling, oh so gently, underneath.  In a word: masterful!Well played, Big Boys. Well played indeed.
5	This place is DELICIOUS! Quick, great service, awesome deals, tasty food! I ordered their large pepperoni pizza and wings... Satisfied & hit the spot!!! I will be coming here again!!! I'm happy I found a great pizza spot in my neighborhood with a great price. Don't debate, you need to try this place for yourself!!!!
5	What is there to say about pizza, everyone has their own idea of what's good.  It is unusual to see 4+ ratings for any pizza place and 5 stars is quite rare.  Well our local Big Boy deserves all the praise he can garnish.  The thin crust is both tasty and pretty to look at.  The topping seem fresh and well cooked as for example the crispy bacon pieces.  I would have liked the mushrooms pieces and the onion pieces a bit larger, but the flavor comes through.  I ordered a 16 inch pizza I have named "the tomb", a great trick or treat name!  Topped with tomatoes, onions, mushrooms and bacon, it is the pizza I compare with each restaurant I try.  My complaint is paying $2 a topping.  Here is a website for their menu (http://red-fork.com/BigBoysPizzaAz).  Staff is more than pleasant, constantly up beat and smiling and trying to be helpful.  What a great mom and pop operation.  I will return and try all of their items over time.  You won't be disappointed eating here.  A true local gem.
5	The slices here were probably the largest I have ever seen... EVER.  Not only were they big, they were delicious too!  I usually do not like crust, but their crust was wonderfully soft and flavorful.  You cant beat that, especially for only around 3.50 a slice.
5	OMG, Great. Looked like a hole in the wall and it took over a year to try it. Of course the Pizza was delish and inexpensive as others described, but the salads were amazingly fresh and good. What a find.
4	Stopped in to get some lunch after seeing good reviews on Yelp. They have a lot of signage pointing you in, which made it a lot easier to find. The staff was friendly, if a little abrupt (I said I wanted a slice of pizza to go and the guy responded, "Why don't you want the special?"). The slices are indeed gigantic. Nice amount of cheese and great crust. The sauce could use some improvement and they only have RC Cola, but all in all, I can see the appeal of Big Boys for a cheap and tasty lunch.
5	WOOOW.That's the only word I can use to describe this place! Truly a family owned establishment with employee's that actually care. The single slice of pizza is 3.00, and was more than enough to fill me up. It tastes extremely delicious as well!All in all, THE BEST pizza i've had in AZ so far, and the price makes it even better!
1	I loved this place when I first tried it but after I had tried to order with the $19.99 offer they show on their yelp page- I disliked them. They did not want to give me it for that price even though they offer here online. If a Dollar makes that much of a difference to them then I will take my money else wear. Personally it's not the money that makes a difference it's the fact they didn't stand by their offer. Never will eat here again.
5	Tonight was our first time trying out Big Boys Pizza. We are very satisfied with the quality of the food and service. The delivery guy was very nice and quick. It was the best looking and tasting pizza we've had in our area! We've tried some of the competitors in the area, but they are over priced and mediocre...Big Boys is the best!
5	Great pizza.  Great prices.  Excellent service!  I come here about 2-3 times a month.  Only negative I found was that the pepperoni pizza is sometimes a little greasy.  But nothing a paper towel can't solve.  My favorite local pizza place!
4	Small local pizza joint, big slices, good prices. Pizza made from individual orders, nothing setting around. Salad is a surprise, not your tossed green salad, it comes with shredded cheese sliced tomatoes, olives. Red cabbage, spinach  and the works. Interesting there is no customer bathrooms unless you access it through the kitchen  and limited table seating with a lot of counter seating available. Questionable clean forks and knives, my first knife was sticky. Over all. Excellent pizza hot out of the oven with little lag time, salad a delightful surprise. Wish they had ice tea vs soft drinks. Excellent price and values can be found here, just a few quirks with bathroom and knivesand forks.
3	With all the 5 star reviews I just had to try this place. Good on the customer service. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza. It was good but definitely not 5 star quality. I would give Papa Johns or Dominos like 2 stars. This place is just a notch above them. Places like Oreganos, Floridinos or La Famigla rank at 4-5stars.
5	Best pizza in town. That's a tough title to earn with Jimmy and Joes right down the street.
5	I have lived in Mesa for a year and a half and I can not believe I have not tried this place before! It was so good! I wish they weren't out of malt crunch ice cream when we ordered, I really wanted to try it. :( But the cookie dough one was awesome! We were able to get that and a large pepperoni pizza delivered for a mere ten bucks!!
5	That the slices are so large, and loaded with toppings (if you decide on them), and the crust manages to remain CRISP is something that should be acknowledged.No soggy slices! Ever.Been here a couple of times for the lunch specials, and it is easily the best deal you'll get for around $5 - $7, depending on which special you want.The slices are enormous, and the salad is fresh and great - not the standard iceberg lettuce. Absolutely recommend for a lunch stop (11 AM - 3 PM) if you are in the area.Today me and a girlfriend were able to feed ourselves and our two sons for roughly $25, and there was food left to take home.
5	Dieters beware: Big Boys Pizza will be your worst nightmare. ... Or dream come true. Hee hee hee!Dude and I have only ordered twice from this place, but seriously some of the best pizza I've tried in the area. Great price for a "small" two topping pizza.  Yes, these babies are MONSTERS!Yes, it's rather greasy. In a good way of course. I warned y'all! Somehow though, both times the crust has been perfectly crisp and not soggy like you would expect.Also, the employees here are hilarious.Recommended. Now I have to remember to actually come back next time we want pizza!
4	Hope your hungry... Great Pizza and the garlic knotts were awesome.  And a reasonable delivery time.
5	Believe the hype. This place is awesome. The slices they serve are utterly massive, it's hard to tell just how big they are in pictures, but trust me - one is a meal for almost anyone. The lunch specials are great - I had a 2-topping slice plus side salad & drink for $6.99. For that you get plenty o' pizza (very GOOD pizza, not just a lot of it), an excellent side salad made with a nice spring mix and extras like peppers, olives, tomatoes, and mozzarella. Counter peeps were super-nice, place was clean. Big Boys just made the lunch rotation, looking forward to going back.
1	First time I ordered from them was for delivery through Grub Hub.  I ordered several appetizers, pizza and salads.  They forgot half my order and had to re-deliver.  For my inconvenience I was given a coupon for a free pizza.  This time I ordered a pizza, salad and chicken strips for pick-up.  And yet again, they screwed up and gave me the wrong pizza.  When I informed them of this I didn't even get an apology, only an excuse that they were really busy and my pizza went out on someone's delivery.  They didn't even offer to fix the problem until I showed up with the wrong pizza and requested the right pizza, to which I was rudely told, "Well, you're gonna have to wait."  Which is what I'm doing right now, although the kitchen staff seems too busy with their phones.  Unbelievable.  Never again.  And I asked for no peppers on my salad.  Looks like they just took a pre-made salad and picked off the peppers by hand as there were still a couple left in the salad.
2	Stopped in yesterday, was starving after a day at the Phoenix Open.  Read several Yelp reviews and felt like this would be a great place to eat.  Ordered the garlic knots, they were outstanding. Ordered a 18 inch onion, sausage and mushroom pizza.  Let me first say,  I think they forgot we ordered, our knots and pizza arrived at the same time and we waited for too much time. The knots were great, the pizza was flavorless.  That's the only way to describe it. I' m still trying to figure out how they made that pizza with no flavor.  Confused?
4	Visiting Chandler on business and arrived on Super Bowl Sunday.  I needed to find someplace rather quickly to order pizza for a group of co-workers and found Big Boys.  They didn't deliver to my hotel because of distance but something convinced me to order a couple of jumbo sized pizzas anyway for carry out.  I must say that the pizza was very good and the size was perfect for our group.  Prices are good too - especially with the specials they have available for 2 pizzas at a time.
5	Oh. My. Goodness!!! We stopped in based on the other reviews and we LOVED it!! We each got a slice and drink, order of BBQ wings and an order of the garlic knots....all amazing! The wings were nice and meaty with great sauce coverage. Garlic knots were tasty and the pizza was amazing with a crispy crust to boot! Great value and super awesome girl at the register :-) Next time we come up from Tucson we will be eating here again!
5	The appetizers are so tasty. We've always had delivery from them so you could imagine getting fried mushrooms; once they get to your house they should be soggy, right? WRONG! I mean seriously, best appetizers ever. All of them.Pizza, oh my lord. Delicious. Their crust is excellent, it's kind of twisty like?Their varieties for sodas are those of the off brands, so that's the only "complaint"I love the fact that it's SUPER cheap, but doesn't taste cheap.
5	Amazing! This is our "go to" pizza delivery spot. The toppings are always fresh and plentiful and the delivery is always prompt and courteous. Just like the other reviewer said, the appetizers are just as delicious. We always get either the fried mushrooms or zucchini and they are never soggy or cold. My only compliant is that they list many different flavors of thrifty ice cream on their menu but the last two times we've ordered it, we've received phone calls stating that they were out of what we wanted. No big deal, just a slight negative.
5	A slice of pizza is A FULL MEAL. A delicious one at that. My favorite pizza hands-down. Super excellent customer service, these folks know how to make some flippin pizza. Mmm. I just made myself want some.
3	It's pretty decent pizza but boy if you try to deliver expect a half hour to hour later that they tell you,twice in a row 45 minutes turned into 1.5 hours and luke warm pizza...
3	With all the rave reviews I have read about Big Boys, I was expecting great results! Maybe I expected too much out of this small pizza joint. We ordered a 16'' pizza, mozzarella sticks, and chicken tenders for dinner to be delivered to our house. People mostly compliment the place's large single slices, and maybe for the price that would've been a better option for lunch time. But for dinner and a full pizza for the price, it wasn't anything to write home about.Delivery: 5/5 Pretty standard delivery times. We ordered around 8PM on a Sunday night, and received our food at around 8:30 or 8:45. The ease of online ordering was great, also!Pizza: 3/5 Okay pizza. Tasted more 'home-made' than the big-brand counter-parts like Pizza Hut or Domino's. Pretty decent amount of cheese, and the pepperoni used was good. Nothing really 'special' though.Mozzarella sticks: 2/5 It's pretty hard to mess up mozzarella sticks, but these for some reason just tasted... off. Maybe it was the oil used to fry them, or maybe the flour/breading used. Just didn't taste 100% to me.Chicken Tenders: 3/5 Same complaint as above, really. They had a weird after taste, either attributed to the fryer oil or breading. The chicken itself seemed like a pretty decent portion for the price. All in all, I probably WOULDN'T order another full pizza from this place again. I may try out some of their other options, like the fries or garlic knots and only order a slice of pizza, as others have done.
1	Bad really bad pizza.This place is defiantly quantity over quality. Yea the slice is huge but it's not any good. The soda is watered down. I ordered a slice of cheese and a soda. It took 20 minutes for them to bring it out and they weren't even close to being busy. This type of place makes me wonder if yelp is deleting negative reviews. There is no way this place should have as many stars as it does.
1	I have been ordering from Big Boys for the past few months and really enjoyed their pizza and wings.  The last week I have ordered from there twice.  The wings the first order tasted laike they were made a few days prior.  This time I ordered and the pizzas were late to yhe tune of 45 minutes.  I called and the girl that answered was not accomadating at all, conocending at points.  I asked to speak to their manager and it took them time to figure out that the manager was not there.  She was extremely rudy so I asked her name and she said it was Natalie.  The delivery driver got there and said,"sorry man...  headlight went out on my way here..  Had to call my wife"...  what a crock of sh..
2	So I really wanted to like this place but ..... The drive showed up with a tazer and preceded to charge it while standing next to my 2 year old nephew. (To show him). Then the antipasti salad was the worst I ever had. Lettuce was bitter and they give u ranch??  The pizza was cold and the wings were over breaded. They delivered fast and the soda was cold bit otherwise it was a bust
1	I freaking love this place.  I live clear across town and drive all the way here for thier garlic knots and Calzones.  Always.  Idk what happened tho... Today they came out rock hard, no butter. Terrible.  I asked for a new one and they came out less hard but still ridiculous.  My calzone was burnt.  What happened guys?  So devastating.  New kitchen guy?  :(
5	This is THE value pizza joint in the area.  You're not getting gourmet pizza here but you'd have to pay a lot more to get more or better pizza than what you can get at big boys.  Not to mention they have wings, chicken tenders, salads, ice cream, a little of everything to fill that hole in your tummy. I figured that if I bought a slice of piZza I would be picking from a selection of premade pies sitting out all day - not so!  I picked out my toppings and I got my custom slice for four bucks.  Gotta like that
5	I've been pining for a local, mom-n-pop type of pizza place for some time, as I prefer to support locally based businesses and the food almost always tends to be way better.  My search (via Yelp) finally brought me her to Big Boys.  Thus far I've had a few different pizzas, the garlic knots and the chicken tenders.  All of it has been really, really good.  The pizza dough is very well done, topped by a very good, tangy sauce and they have a fairly diverse selection of possible toppings.  The garlic knots are heaven.  Covered in butter, garlic and all manner of tasty things.  If you a bread person (like I am), you will love their garlic knots.  I've also had the chicken strips.  I've asked for them crispy both times I've had them and that's exactly how they make them.  Golden and crunchy on the outside with ranch and wing sauce to tip them into.  Super good!If you are looking for a local pizza spot, you should absolutely give Big Boys a try. Quality food and the staff has always been polite and very attentive.  Good stuff.  :)
5	Best NY pizza ever!  You will love the garlic buttered crust and their perfect sauce.  Get there!  Now! (Bad reviews are likely competitors or agents for competitors IMO.  The pizza business is super competitive.  These guys will crush their competition.)  I work in Mesa and stumbled upon this place one day at lunch.  Brought it back to work and EVERYONE who tried it, loved it.
5	At first I thought $4 for a slice of pizza was expensive. When my pizza was ready, I changed my mind. The slice could have wrapped around my head twice and it came with a drink. I made the right choice in ordering artichoke hearts as a topping. My only mistake was not trying the garlic knots. I will next time for sure!
5	Fantastic as billed. Slices are not pre-made, so you can order them as you like. Definitely warrants a revisit!
4	Great place! food is great...
5	What can I say about big boy. Ate there during their first month and I hated it. I really thought it was the worst pizza I had ever tasted. Several months later I thought I should give it another shot due to being so close to my apartment and I fell in love. No idea what changed since they first opened but I have a weekly tradition of going there and getting pizza and fries and I recommend it to anyone who will listen.
4	Cheap and yummy. Their crust is on the thinner side (not a bad thing) and I personally love their all-veggie option. The garlic knots are flavorful and chewy. For the price, it's definitely good. Not particularly fast so I wouldn't recommend showing up with the intention of grab and go.They actually have a challenge where you and a buddy has 28 minutes to eat a 28 inch pizza. Good luck to whoever wants to try lol
2	Mediocre at best. This was my first experience with Big Boys, I got pizza and wings  delivered for a birthday party. While the food was just so-so, their customer service and/or policies are what tilted the scale down for me. I tried to get a combo deal asking for half peperoni and half pineapple but the girl on the phone blandly responded that the deal was only for one topping. After trying to explain the concept of having half on one side and half on the other, she said I couldn't do that. Who ever heard of a pizza place that wouldn't let you split the toppings???  Then when I asked if I could upgrade one of the pizzas in the deal to a specialty pizza they said they would charge $2 per topping which would be around $10 extra for a veggie pizza, that's pretty steep. You would think a small pizza place might want to be a bit more accommodating to actually encourage customers to come back. If they would have been willing to make small accommodations that would have cost them $0, I might have returned, instead, I will look for a pizza place with either better food or better costumer service.
5	The place reminds me of a place in Hoboken, the slices are huge and the pizza is as close the pizza I grew up with in jersey as I can find. The value for lunch is awesome it's a huge slice and a drink with two toppings for 6 bucks and u won't leave hungry.  The service is friendly and inviting. I will be eating here more often
5	We have been in town visiting family over the holiday, and we were feeling some pizza, so I saw that this place had great reviews.I now see why! We ordered a large pizza and wings special, which comes with a large one topping pizza and ten wings. Additionally, we had to try the ultra-hyped garlic knots and a 2 liter soda. On our pizza we chose sausage for our topping, and we decided to go with the Honey Hot sauce for the wings.First off, the pizza. The crust wasn't the best, but the cheese and sausage definitely made up for it. It was fresh and delicious, and had quite a lot of food for us to munch on.But the best part for me personally was the wings and the garlic knots. The wing sauce was frankly dynamite. It had just enough kick without being overbearing, and just enough sweet without being boring. I'd recommend them to anybody.And the garlic knots are honestly worth the hype. I knew we made a good choice when I opened the takeout container and there was a small pool of garlic butter at the bottom. They were perfectly seasoned, and went great with a little bit of pizza sauce and ranch.TL;DR: Badass pizza. Even more badass wings and garlic knots.
5	Best Pizza around. I would eat here everyday if I wasn't so fat. The staff is super nice except for the EMO girl.
3	Good but not impressed. I live very close and have given them a couple of tries mostly because of all the raving Yelp reviews.Pizza is good. Better than pizza hut or dominoes but not as good as Nello's or Venezia's.They do have awesome garlic knots though. Definitely a must add to any order.
2	Just okay.  I ordered the pizza well done, which it wasn't, but the manager insisted it was.  Why argue, it's after work and I want to go home.  The reheated leftovers were better the next day,  Think I'll just call Pizza Hut next time and spend about the same money without the travel.
5	Still amazing. With their $6 large pizza special on Tuesdays and Wednesdays and $5 off GrubHub codes, I am able to get two large pizzas for less than 10 bucks. Best delivery deal, hands down. You'll never find a cheaper and tastier pizza place.
1	Natalie is a supposed manager here and was the biggest bitch today!  Not only did she get the order wrong but she blamed me for the mistake.  She was rude, nasty, and needs to get those ugly piercings off her face as a manager.  They charged us for drinks when the lunch special we ordered included them.  They also charge $.23 per box for take out, which is ridiculous.  Ownership has changed in the past year and service and pricing along with it.  Taking my business elsewhere and my co-workers agree as well.  Natalie is a common example of how today's employees in Corporate America don't care about themselves or their jobs.  She's an ugly piece of shit!  Pizza is still good.  :)
5	This is my fav pizza place!  They serve pizza by the slice and whole pizzas.  The first time I went in I was not expecting the size a slice was.  When they say"huge" they mean it. One slice is about two and a half slices comparably. The crust is thin,  the pizza cheesy and oh so good. The staff friendly.  The dining area is small but never crowded. Most ppl pick up to go.I've not ordered any other menu items so I can't comment. Highly recommend giving this place a try.
2	Wow. I'm not sure what sort of pizza reviewers are used to eating, however, this has got to be some of the worst pizza I've ever had. :(The people on the phone were nice, the pie was ready to go as soon as we got there (we were early), and smelled fantastic going home... So much potential!That's where the love affair ended. The toppings look shriveled and gray. We got the veg head and added sausage. I've never tasted a pizza with so little flavor. The sauce was bland, the cheese non-descript, even all of those topping tasted like nothing. The lack of flavor was the biggest surprise and lasting impression. My quest for a respectable east valley slice lives to see another day...
4	We tried them on a whim, still on the hunt for "back east pizza". The garlic knots were good but the pizza was even better!  I eyed up the huge slice, I might have to try that next time. Great laid back friendly service and good food. Felt like a mom and pop Philly pizza parlor.
1	Pizza and wings were tasty but here are the reasons I will NEVER go back!1 spent $120 to dine in and they charged us 50 cents for ranch dressing2. Bathroom inside was employees only, had to walk down a slope and thru rocks and gravel around the back of the building for restroom3 no wet wipes for 30 wings 4 extremely rude staff
5	Nice big slices of pizza. The combo deal is amazing, the pizza tastes good and the price is right.
5	I found Big Boys Pizza great place to get a pizza. A friend of mine from Mesa, told me about this place on the phone last night. I decided to go in today to get pizza. I came in today this afternoon. Got a Pepperoni Pizza for $5.99. A special they do every Tuesday and Wednesday every week. I tried the pizza look and tasted great. Just like the kind of Pizza, I had when used to live on East Coast, many years ago. I had great service. Try this place for lunch or dinner, before you go to any other pizza place if you are in Mesa.  Michael KatzChandler, AZ
2	They where  bought out by new owners, and the first thing they did was change the soda to Pepsi and I hate Pepsi, used to have rc cola. Then they raised the prices. I am pretty sure they started using cheaper ingredients too. I used to eat here 3 times a week now I won't ever go back. I don't know why people buy a successful restaurant and just start changing stuff to maximise profits.
5	The best pizza crust in town!  Love this place!  My go to pizza delivery.  The delivery people are always so nice too. You should really try this pizza. Good food, great prices, and stellar customer service!
5	Went to Costco to grab a pizza and the ovens were down.  Quickly yelped a pizza place in the area and this came up.  Called in a large cheese pizza for pick up.  $7.55 with tax.  The smell of the pizza was amazing and very garlicy.  The look was thin with lots of dripping cheese.  I brought it to a friends house and it was devoured.  Everyone loved it.  Unfortunately I wasn't hungry so didn't get the opportunity to taste it.  I WILL be back though!!
5	I've said it before and I'll say it again. This is the best pizza around. You need to come try their lunch specials.
4	Prices are great. Pizza is one of the best I have had in Arizona. Garlic knots are also top notch. Wings are average, hots are not even hot. Had issues with delivery services.
5	Good food great prices!! Always fast friendly and on time! Love this place and the staff
5	We searched yelp for a new pizza place by our house. First time here. It was good. The wings were particularly good. Service was great they were super busy but the young guy at counter was polite and friendly. We would try it again. Excited about a local place!
5	This is the only place  I go for pizza.  NY style with a nice crispy crust.  Large slice and reasonable price. Great neighborhood pizza place.
4	HUGE amounts of pizza! Very yummy! Much better than Venezias! We ordered the supreme, the meat lovers, the pineapple, and the pepperoni with wings and knots. My only critique would be that the knots were pretty chewy and could have been softer.. The ranch was amazing!
2	I wouldn't go out of the way for it. Pizza and wings are mediocre, and the wait time was 1hr from my email confirmation. Ranch was not complimentary with wings nor encouraged to be purchased. Customer service was above par but that might be the only redeeming quality.
5	I LOVE this spot. Put it this way, I live in NW Phoenix & drive here for pizza. The people are friendly and make sure you love your food & have a good experience. I am the type of person who never eats their crust, but this crust is so on point...love it. Their garlic knots are homemade. The sauce is sweet and full of flavor. It's a fun place to bring a friend to so they can see their massive pizza by the slice which they serve on a pizza pan with a pizza cutter. I love coming here. Prepare to be addicted ; )
5	Super yummy pizza. We love the veghead. The garlic knots are good as well. Not greasy or over-oily like some other places.
5	In town from Los Angeles yelped for pizza and VERY happy with the pizza we ordered!  The pizza, wings, and salad we're very good.  It was delivered promptly and customer service was excellent.  If your in town don't hesitate to try them;)
5	I have have this pizza delivered 5 times now and because of that I feel more than qualified to leave a review.  If you are in the mood for pizza and are trying to look past the chain restaurants, this is the place for you. It's not "fancy-pants pizza", as my brother in law states. It's just simple, cheesy, greasy, damn good pizza. It always comes steaming hot and the service is great.
5	Friendly customer service - from ordering to pick-up. Order was ready fast and on time. Pizza was great and reminded us of home (East coast)! It's been awhile since we've had pizza this style and this good! Wings were great, but garlic knots were so-so. Very pleased! We will be back :)
5	Really good Pizza and salads but, even better, super nice people and I try to patronize local small businesses when possible. Great food, nice, folks, kudos to the owner and employees
