4	Welcome to Uptown, Dandelion! We went out with a couple friends to try out the newest addition to Uptown.The interior is warm and inviting, making it easy to sit down and let the day roll off your back. They have great wall art when you walk in and the bathrooms have a fun, vintage feel. They have a large selection of wines and beers...and a delicious caramel ice cream with a shot of Maker's Mark. We ordered the mussels (plump and yummy), mac and cheese, and portobello mushrooms (with a special dipping sauce). Apparently they had a very busy night and were out of half of their menu.The service was great! Very attentive, yet not intruding. The crowd created a nice blend of chill and happy. Great times, didn't break the bank, and fantastic atmosphere!
4	it seems like every week there is a new place in uptown throwing their hat into the restaurant ring, so opens dandelion market.  a few of us stopped in after a game for some food and drinks.  we found a very warm and inviting place with welcoming smiles from the bartenders and servers.  our server explained the portion sizes and offered some good recommendations, and explained they were out of an item or two.  I had chicken wings and chips. both were great.  the wings had a classy kick to them and the chips were thick and well cooked.  I was surprised that a new place had such spot on dishes.  I didn't notice many "just opened" issues and the bartenders were extremely attentive.  nothing worse than going into a place and there is some piece of candy (male or female)  behind the bar texting or just ignoring patrons. not here, all business.  the selection of draft beers is probably the best in town and i look forward to trying them all.  the upstairs is surprisingly large and doesn't have that "smoked in" smell/feel that some older (&fun) places have.  the local owners worked hard to make this place stand out and it shows. great food, great service and a great atmosphere.  I have only eaten there once so I'm gonna go with four stars, let's see how well they're doing a couple months into the game.  But for now- eat and drink up at a great place..
5	Went on a quiet Sunday night.  Staff was very attentive and we sat at the picnic table on the second floor.  The room had a cool feel to it, and the lighting was just right.The food was amazing.  Everything we had was spectacular, especially the sausage bites.  The flat bread pizzas were also very good (we had the duck).  Next time I might go for the $200 have every single tapa in the resturant deal.  Beer selection was great and bartenders were really friendly.All in all a great addition to Charlotte's uptown restaurants.  I will be going back time and time again.
4	Went with some co-workers on a fairly quiet Tuesday night. First impression - very comfortable atmosphere, reminds me a bit of RiRa. Place looks like it's been there forever. . .really like the table layout and the big common picnic table in the middle of the first floor.Food: as others have stated, this is a pseudo-tapas place, but with a Gaelic twist. There are the usual standards (calamari, wings, beer fondue) and some really interesting unusual items (duck flatbread pizza, fried oysters, fried sage leaves). Everything we tried was very good, portions were generous. In particular the crostini and sage leaves were excellent, the lamb lollypops were also very good but you need to like your lamb rare.Drinks: Very cool, local, unusual beer selection. A plethora of wine selections under $25 per bottle, which is nice.Service: Prompt, polite, and easy. Who could ask for more?Overall this place is a welcome addition to Uptown and I will visit again!
2	So, first of all, a couple of disclaimers:1. My only experience with Dandelion Market was on a Saturday night. 2. I am not from Charlotte, so therefore not familiar with the best places to go or neighborhoods to seek out my kind of scene. 3. I do not do well in homogeneous environments. So yeah, I didn't like this place. On the night I was there, it was disgustingly packed. As in, can't turn around, have to elbow people, feel really bad for the short people, feeling claustrophobic kind of crowded. It was insanely uncomfortable, especially because the crowd looked so... Stepford. If J. Crew doesn't make up the majority of your closet, don't expect to find your kind of crowd here. Just so you know. Nothing they can do about that, I feel like it pervades most of Charlotte, but they *can* control the crowds. Even when we went downstairs we found ourselves standing in the entryway just for a little bit of breathing room. They've got a fine beer list but when I asked for a second Two Hearted Ale they made a big deal about changing out the kegs and then proceeded to totally forget about me. I had to flag down another bartender after waiting for 10 minutes, and he poured me one straight up. Not sure what it is about this place that draws in such a large percentage of the city's population, but I think it's safe to say that I don't get it.
3	We liked the space, all old wood and exposed brick. The first off-putting thing was the hostess, who seemed out of it when we arrived and didn't fully engage us, no biggie but for a place that I thought was supposed to be a little extra nice, or even cool, this is a small ding.We sat upstairs and again, it's a great space. Was 7ish on Saturday night and wasn't that busy. We ordered the roasted olives, deconstructed caprese, portabella fries, ahi and steak skewers. The olives were good and lot's of them; nice to have on the table for the rest of the meal. The fries came out next and were really tasty, the homemade ketchup is awesome, I think they were fried with panko crumbs, was reminiscent of tempura. The caprese was a letdown; the fried balls of mozz really masked the flavor of the cheese and there were only small bits of basil on the tomatoes. Overall an experiment gone wrong with a classic appetizer and one that we in particular love. Ahi tuna was done perfectly, complaint here being the wasabi sauce does not have enought wasabi; not enough heat. Steak skewers were tasty, korean style. We asked about dessert and were disappointed to find no chocolate representation aside from chocolate ice cream. Chocoholics beware. Overall the food was good but not great. I had high expectations after having heard many great things from friends. Another thing that really bothered me was that as small plate after small plate kept coming out, none were cleared from our table. We had to pile them up ourselves. What's up with that?A perfectly fine place, several other dishes I would like to try. Still not a breakthrough restaurant for Charlotte.
4	It has a very inviting atmosphere, and feels like a place where you could walk in the door and "everybody knows your name."24 craft beers on tap, and a good selection of bottled beers.  Hands down the best brunch offered in...dare I say it...all of Charlotte.  Don't get me wrong, there are other good places, but this place tops them all.The only downfall is that it can get quite packed and very loud at time downstairs.  The upstairs part is a lot more spacious with higher ceilings so it doesn't get nearly as loud.  It's usually a starter place for a lot of people so if you come for a night cap or in the middle of the night you could miss a lot of the crowd.
3	Had no issues with the crowd, as on Monday at 9pm, it was nonexistent. Despite that, we had to wrangle seats at the bar because everyone needed not one but two stools in between them and the scary stranger sitting (kind of) next to them.Nice beer list. I went beer nerd and had 4, going from light (OMB pils) to not as light (Wittekirke) to brown (Thomas Creek IPA) to browner (Wee Heavier, my fav of the night). Taking the time to really enjoy my beverages was easy in these dark but comfy modernized pub surroundings.Band was loud, but there were no bodies to dampen their Tom Petty covers, so hey.Had a nibble or two - porto fries were waaay to thick to be considered fries (by me) but were tasty. Spread plate was surprisingly flavorful and distinct - red pepp/feta was really sharp, yet sweet. Awesome.I doubt I'd fight weekend crowds to hang here, since its dark, cozy charms would be lost in a deep crowd. But for early week beer sipping and nibbling, I'll be back.
4	Oooohhh cozy! That's exactly how I felt when I rolled into Dandelion Market last night. Dandelion Market is one of those comfy, yet minimalist, bars that can certainly appeal to a variety of peeps. I'm a big fan of the exposed brick and duct work engulfing the restaurant. Upstairs, Dandelion Market provides a beautiful and expansive space for even more drinking, eating and general hanging out opportunities. But let's get down to where they really shine - their beer offerings. While I'm not a beer gal, I was more than delighted with the Carolina Strawberry Ale, brewed just north of Charlotte in Mooresville. A hoppy mixture that twisted my taste buds with a strawberry effervescence. While it was probably "chick beer", I definitely appreciated the local love. That's the great thing about Dandelion Market's beer selection - a fair amount of them are local. Hooray! The service here was just great. Every bartender and server, on both the downstairs and upstairs levels, was just super friendly and laid back. It's the kind of place where you want everybody to know your name - and they definitely deliver.I didn't get a chance to sample any eats here, but I look forward to coming back, grabbing a chick beer, listening to (another) great acoustic musician and relaxing in the market.
4	I'm an easy mark for laid-back spots with solid beer selections, and Dandelion Market features both: lots of NC brews represented within, and this place was a welcome respite from a day that saw the Charlotte area awash in temperamental weather. Fortunately I had the good sense to come in out of the rain for once.Dandelion makes an interesting first impression: the wall to your immediate right boasts a wall of shoe trees -- enough of them that I asked the bartender if there was some significance to the art installation. Nope, he said, they were pretty much just a wall of shoe trees. Hmm. Okay.That said, upstairs plays differently from the more traditional Irish style pub on the first floor: dark, ambient, warm by virtue of its heavy wooden overtones, the acoustic act playing guitar when I stopped in seemed appropriate to the pervading vibe of the room. If I were around more often, it's pretty safe to suggest that upstairs at Dandelion Market might become a regular hang. As it is, I'll look forward to popping back in next time I'm in.
3	After my first visit I have to say the most interesting thing about the Dandelion Market is the origin of it's name; after a famous market in the Dublin city center started by a single guy selling sheepskin coats from his door step.  First, it was $25 for a bottle of wine or $7 for the house special.  So, on the spot I went for a cosmo.  Weak and watered down.We just wanted a small snack so tapas seemed appropriate.  We ordered the spread with pita.  Of the 3 spreads the hummus was the best but my husband thought it had too much garlic for his taste.  The olive was a variety of olives diced small and hard to apply to the pita unless you put the hummus down first.  The roasted red pepper was a watery mess of pepper and feta.  Perhaps they should try to puree it?The stuffed zucchini was dry and per my husband "pedestrian."  He ordered the steak tips.  He gave them a 3.5 stars out of 5.  Mostly for the sauce with had a little Asian flair.  Seems like we missed the mark on this one a little bit though because it seems the focus is the craft beers not the food.  Based on the other reviews and the $3 pints on Monday, I'll go back to give that a shot but if I want wine I think I'll head over to Press and keep searching for better tapas.
3	Seems like more of a bar than a restaurant.  I hear their tapas are good so I will have to go back for that.  I had brunch there and it was alright.  They had some unique combinations but I wasn't wowed.  I will have to go back to drink.
4	So Ive been to Dandelion twice to eat and all in all had a fairly good experience (solid 3.5 stars) The first was for Brunch where I had a yummy Bellini and the Torta Rustica. The Torta is HUGE and is certainly a sight to behold. The cold cuts were fresh and the bread was tasty and crusty. The star of the show was definitely the French Fries...wow they were good! The second time I came for a late night appetizer and settled on the Calamari. Instead of the usual cocktail or marinara sauce they were served with a Lemon Garlic Aioli. At first I really enjoyed the Aioli but it did become too much so I had to ask for the Marinara. I did not enjoy the Marinara at all unfortunately. The Calamari were fairly small rings and were overly salted. I would not recommend these as a meal for one - it was a bit too much especially with the salt content.I will say the atmosphere day or night is great ! The  prices are very reasonable as well ( $7 for calamari $8 for Torta). Overall I plan on returning to try some other things
4	I can't decide between 4-5 stars.  I kinda loved it.  Went last night for the 1st time.  we were sat next to the windown downstairs, and it provided optimal people watching.  Didn't get to check out upstairs but if its as nice as downstairs then I am sure I will like it.Started off with some drinks.  All pints are $3 on Monday, that's a great deal considering their good local beer selection.  I tried a cocktail, the Dando.  It was good but strongish, so I switched to wine.For food we had the fried artichokes, stuffed zuchhini, fondue, crostini.  I'd say the fondue, which tasted nice and beery and the crostini were my faves from this round.  Food came out quick and hot.Next round was mussels, pommes frites, prawns, and the duck confit flat bread.  The frites were soooooo good.  Really crisp and a lovely coating on them, we got the honey mustard and horseradish aioli with them and both were good, but it was great when the mussels arrived and you could dip in that sauce too.  Which brings me to the mussels, they were also soo good.  I would skip the prawns and the flatbread next time.  They weren't bad just not as good as the rest.We waited a bit and then got the salted caramel brownie and the bread pudding.  Hands down the brownie was the fave here.  The warm brownie and the ice cream just tasted perfect, while the bread pudding tasted microwaved and just didn't have any wow factor, a bit bland.Dinner for 4, plus drinks was surprisingly cheap, like $150ish plus tip.  We all really enjoyed ourselves, loved the space, service was fine if maybe a bit awkward as he didn't seem to know when to approach us, but he was nice.  I can't wait to go back, even just to sit at the bar for some drinks.  So glad we finally checked this place out!!
4	4 1/2 stars!!Finally!! I'm so excited about  Dandelion, I finally have found somewhere in Charlotte that doesn't cost a lot to eat good food!! We did two rounds of food. We started with the Fried artichokes, Stuffed Zucchini, Prosciutto Crostini, and Beer Cheese!! Everything was great my standout on this round was the Prosciutto Crostini SOOOO good!! Least favorite was the Stuffed Zucchini- not bad, just was ok!Second round consisted of Pommes Frites, Mussels, Duck Confit flatbread, and Grilled Tiger Prawns. Not as good as our first round but the Mussels and Pommes Frites are AWESOME!! The Prawns were lacking flavor, again not bad but just ok. The Flatbread just didn't do it for me either. We sat and drank a little but then moved on to the dessert my favorite was the Salted chocolate brownie (FABULOUS) and we had the bread pudding, it didn't stand a chance next to the brownie!! It's a great space, decor is clean with subtle touches. The bar not huge but a nice cozy space with a tv and plenty of big comfy stools!I can't wait to come back and try some other things this place is now going to be my new spot for when visitors come and just for EVERYDAY of the week!!
4	Bloody mary bar - first I've ever seen something like that. We had one of the omlettes that were a bit dry. Very cool location - near Thai Basil. Natural-oriented choices... a little different breakfast place.
4	Setously guys this might be the most authentic fake Irish bar in the greater charlotte area.
4	It looks and feels like a great coffee shop with a great menu and decent selection of  beers.  Great atmosphere and a friendly staff.  Free WiFi.
5	It doesn't get much better than this for food/drinking than this place.  You might get lucky and have Drew as your bartender.  He will take care of you.  There have a wide variety of beers and great food/drink specials.  I really like $3 pints on Monday.  The fried pickles here are to die for.  Secret: Ask Drew about the LUNCHBOX drink.  It is one of my favorite drinks and he is the only one is Charlotte that makes it right.  Trust me.  -Ian M.
4	Get the grilled cheese.  Don't think about the calories.  just get it.  Thick crusty well buttered artisanal bread with gooey insanely yummy cheese and a proper thick tomato soup, none of that watery from a can drips all over you soup.  My boyfriend actually stole some of my soup with his fork over the table and it didn't leave the fork, that thick.  He had the most monstrous chicken salad on a croissant sandwich i'd ever seen.  I don't know what dressing they use on their salads but it was yummy. We met up for lunch uptown during the work week and it was well worth it.  The service was surprisingly quick and the food wasn't very expensive.   We didn't get a beer (kind of frowned upon mid afternoon during working hours!) but we have been many times for a pint and their selection is diverse and full of craft brews.  What I love most about The Dando is that the lower bar and the upper bar have completely different feels to them.  The lower bar is more small restaurant/pub and the upstairs is perfectly suited for a night out with the girls and saturday nights.forgot to add: for those of you who work in uptown, they have a punch card for lunch!
4	I am absolutely a fan, a veteran fan at that.  I began going to Dandelion Market before it drew it's large nightly weekend crew, and before they began charging cover for guys.  I really love the bartenders, and the environment.  The bartenders remember me whether I've been there a few times within one week or if I haven't been there in over 3 weeks.  The atmosphere is also nice because it offers a dichotomas separation between party dance thumping (upstairs) and a busy pub atmosphere downstairs.I've also tried some of their food before and was pleasently surprised.  My only reason for not giving Dandelion Market 5 stars is because the upstairs section on weekend is not equipt to handle the amount of people coming in.  It has been increasingly difficult to get a drink, or to even have a decent amount of room to dance.  After 11 on a Friday and Saturday leads to something I call the Sardine Effect.  I'm sure you can figure that one out.  I've had many good times here but you just have to pick and choose the nights you come or be prepared for a more crowded scene (on the weekends)!
5	After a 2nd visit I think its safe to say I give this place 5 stars!!  Came for a late lunch early dinner last Saturday.  Were sat in the downstairs area again, so I still have no clue what it looks like upstairs, but I like the downstairs so no complaints.  We tried the prosciutto crostini again and decided on the scallops to start.  Both were great, scallops were served with crushed peanuts and a lightly dressed arugula salad.  The peanuts gave a sweetness that went well with the saltiness of the scallop.Then we had the mussels and the frites, with honey mustard.  I mentioned bathing in the mussel broth to my sister I believe, its soo good!!  Frites were great again.  And we also tried another new one, the steak skewers.  Really good, well cooked and well seasoned and they serve it over a sweet chilli sacue.Brownie for dessert, it was good but I felt it should have been serve warm.  We only had sodas but our server was attentive and made sure she kept us refilled and checked on us enough without being in our face.  All in all another extremely enjoyable, very reasonably priced meal...I will be back!!
4	I need to preface this review by saying we only got to experience Dandelion Market on an early Monday afternoon.  My husband and I were the only 2 patrons in the place.  We grabbed seats at the bar and partook in a couple beers.  The hubby was super excited to visit this place because they have $3 pints on Mondays.  The beer menu was decent with around 20 beers available on draft.  Unfortunately they were all out of my first 2 choices of seasonal beer so I went with the trusty standby, OMB Mecktoberfest.  Our visit here was relaxing and comfortable.  The atmosphere of the downstairs area is really cozy.  Our bartender was very friendly and we chatted with him for a bit.  We were excited to hear they have live music during the weeknights that sets up downstairs.Although we didn't get to try any of their food and I hear it gets busy late at night (especially on weekends), this is a very promising place to chill out in the late afternoon/early evening.  I imagine this could become our new Monday night spot due to the $3 pints.I'll have to amend this review after trying their food.
3	Instead of hitting the standard chain food fare we wanted to take a couple of our friend's visiting from out of town to a local restaurant.   Our second visit to the Dandelion Market for dinner on a Friday night was a different experience than the first.  After our first visit we played a little safe by selecting some items we thought one couldn't really go wrong with.First, "Baked Potato" Croquettes.  No complaints.  Well cooked, lightly brown, fresh oil.  We went again for the Grilled Steak Skewers.  This time cooked perfectly.  Finally, the risotto special.  I wish this could be a standard item.  Lastly, our friends wanted one more item to top off their dinner so they inquired about the calamari.  The waitress told us very honestly, it completely depends on whose cooking it.  Indeed!  That could certainly explain the vast difference between the two visits.  The calamari did not disappoint.This time as we watched food come out to the tables around us we actually wanted what they ordered!  Including the dessert which we regretfully didn't have room for.  Next time!It would probably be in the best interest of the owners to have their best chef spend some time training the others to share the love and deliver a consistent product every time.  Consistently good food is what people are looking for in a restaurant!
5	Still a 5 star experience!  Took advantage of a $3 pint, the Spaten Oktoberfest.  Wasn't quite as good as being in Munich in the Spaten tent for Oktoberfest, but it was a darn good beer!  The St. Rita cocktail was good, and we also had a good bottle of Malbec.  Food is all still just as great, mussels, frites, crostini and scallops.  I could have ate more but we had to get to a show.  I really like it here, oh and it got crowded for a Monday, had not experienced that here before!
4	This is review based on what I remember that one night I was there:The bathroom's clean. The beer's tasty. It's a jumpoff for the jumpoffs. The floor upstairs feels like it might cave in.(Thumbs up) for Dandelion Market. They've got a good thing going, I think.
1	I had heard some good things from someone I know - after my experience there this weekend and checking back with that person it appears they had been coming here a while.  Apparently they no longer go here often anymore because of how overcrowded it is now.They are now charging a $5 cover for guys - which covers exactly nothing because there is no live music.  Rather than switch to "one in, one out" the owner just lets in as many people that show up.  It was literally impossible to move upstairs and not much better downstairs.  Good luck getting a drink.I can't speak to the staff but had a brief interaction with the owner and he was one of the rudest people I have ever met.  Talking down to people and acting like it was a gift to be allowed in the bar.  Charlotte has too many good places to visit to waste time/money here.
4	We were only in Charlotte for one night, and Dandelion Market was where we started our Charlotte adventure. We passed by this place and said to ourselves "this could be cool". The place is pretty dark but still manages to keep a cozy, southern feel.And so we sat at the bar at around 5 or 6 pm on a Friday night. It was pretty empty, so we sat down at the bar and began chit-chatting with our bartender. I think his name was Drew. Really cool guy! I was pretty surprised that with the awesome beer selection at the bar (Arrogant Bastard on TAP..? Wow! ) , the place was empty for just after 5pm on a Friday. That was until some guy dressed in full-on J Crew prep wear sat down at the bar and ordered a Miller Light.... huh??! We soon found out that Dandelion Market is more into the nightlife scene. We spent most of our visit watching staff and 7-8 bartenders prepare for the night to come. Stocking glasses, making sure there were enough lemons and cherries, etc.Our bartender clued us in on other awesome places to check out while we were in CLT, which was much appreciated. We did visit most places that he recommended, and we felt like we got a really good feel for the city. +1 for awesome staff!I don't think I'd be interested in visiting this place when they turn to crazy nightlife bar. It seems like they are going for two different crowds depending on the day and time, which I guess works for them. If I come back to CLT though, I'd be happy to return here for a beer or two.
5	This is by far my absolute favorite place to eat downtown with a group of friends. The prices are great, the wine is wonderful, the service is fabulous and the atmosphere is cozy. Love it.
4	cosy rustic spot. wooden shoes and modern paintings line the walls. extensive beer selection. i am a beer girl (ipa being my favorite vairetal). and hailing from california, was very very very HAPPY to see stone's arrogant bastard ON TAP. great place for groups of 2-6, apps, and craft brew. order the antipasti board and the jalapeno poppers (these are not fried, my friends, baked and oh. so. good.)
5	One of my favorite bars in Charlotte.The bar tenders are great and understand how to have a conversation with customer. After my third visit the bar tenders pretty much memorized what I drink. The service is always very prompt.The beer is outstanding and the bartenders very knowledgeable about what they have to serve.  They do a great job of making recommendations based on what you already like and making suggestions on what you might like.The food is great, more Tapas style and perfect for having a some drinks with your buddies.
5	The grilled cheese sandwich is to die for - and from the amount of cheese, that may be literally what will happen.  Went for lunch, and everyone enjoyed what they had - but those with the grilled cheese were in absolute heaven.  I also had the chicken salad sandwich one day and that was incredible as well.  Can't say enough great things about this place!
4	Caveat: This reviews is for 5pm on a weekday, not 10pm on a weeknight, which I hear is totally different and more like a party.At 5pm this place is exactly what I want a bar to be. Andrew, the bartender, was friendly and knowledgeable to a couple of out of towners.The beer selection here is wonderful, if not very large. They have a bunch of local stuff which is what I want to try when I'm visiting a new city. I found the prices to be spot on as well. If you're in this area and it's not too late, I highly recommend this place.
5	The draft beer selection is great the tapas style menu is a perfect match and the upstairs is a great after work gathering place. But the best thing about this place is the bartender named Siti (sp) he is one of the best in Charlotte.
4	It was my 3rd time here, last night we stopped in again for dinner. This is not a place for hungry people but great if you want appetizers. The Scallops were delicious but you only get 4 and the Butter Mushrooms had a great  Marsala sauce, I recommend both. The sevice was attentive and the beer selection favorable as was the wine list. It is dark and romantic upstairs, downstairs is more of a meeting place. I just wished it was wheel-chair friendly so our group could of gone there last friday.
3	I wish I could write two reviews for Dandelion Market-one for the upstairs and one for the downstairs because it was two completely different vibes.I absolutely loved the downstairs area and wish I could have stayed there all night. Open seats at the bar on a Saturday night along with a friendly bartender with some football playing is all I really need in life. It had a chill vibe, exposed brick walls and  music playing just loud enough to enjoy but you could hear another speak and just seemed like a cozy atmosphere. One of my friends I was with is pregnant and the bartender Amanda whipped up a special alcohol free concoction for her. Can I please just stay downstairs forever enjoying my Shocktop?The answer-no. We had a large party and wanted to sit down to eat and our table was upstairs  I really wanted to love this place but the upstairs kinda killed it for me. I didn't even know there was an upstairs area but when we got there, I wanted to go into the corner and crawl into a fetal position. It was like every 25 yr old hipster in town was there and every guy seemed to have either a vintage blazer and John Edwards hair (or sometimes both--eek!)  It wasn't a place to eat, it was a bar area! They had  large booths and I was sitting on the outside and kept getting elbowed by some randoms doing shots. Server was nice but they seemed to be out of alot of stuff by 9P. I got the flatbread and house salad which were both ok but nothing to write home about. The flatbread seemed more like a mini pizza than flatbread and the salad had about seven to eight pieces of lettuce with some cranberries and dressing. I could find a better salad elsewhere for $6. I just wanted to finish my meal so I could get the hell back downstairs. I'll probably check out Dandelion again for lunch during the week or an after work drink but no way will I be venturing into hipster hell upstairs again!
5	Came here twice in two days. Don't judge. While visiting Charlotte for a friend's wedding, my husband stumbled upon Dandelion Market. Went for brunch on Saturday and Sunday, and over that time period had a make-your-own Bloody Mary (mmmm...Tabasco), cinnamon roll (as an appetizer, what else?), biscuits and gravy (so, so, so good... one of my favorite dishes, and one of the best versions of my favorite dishes that I've ever had), and the Monte Cristo (good, no complaints... perfect for a day when I wanted both salty and sweet). Sunday they can't serve booze until noon, which kind of stunk, since I was going directly to the airport afterward and therefore normal drinking times don't apply. Cute little hole-in-the-wall feel, and the staff were very friendly and helped us with our luggage the second day... and our large, growing group of rowdy friends on Saturday.
3	Listen, I love exposed brick and bars with lots of atmosphere.  Dandelion Market has all that, with a rack of shoes on one wall, an elevated seating area, and of course this mythical upstairs area that we didn't get to see since it was 6 pm on a week night.  Folks at the bar were drinking and having a great time; our party of three grabbed a table to order some of their small plates and see what all the fuss was about.The beer list is very good, but - as my husband said - "there's nothing on here I've never tried before," and I felt the whole list was a tick expensive.  I'll be back on a Monday night for their $3 drafts.  As for the food, it was disappointing.  I always feel tapas places are overpriced, particularly for vegetarians, and I came away with the same feeling from Dandelion Market.  My husband and I ordered a pesto flatbread, pommes frites, and the "deconstructed" caprese.  The flatbread was completely unmemorable, and the most interesting part of the caprese were the balls of fried mozzarella.  Though the baby greens were limp and boring, a bite of fried mozzy, tomato, and greens was pretty all right.  The pommes frites were disappointing... when I order a $6 plate of pommes frites, I guess I expect more pommes and less frites.  When I surveyed our spread, I had a hard time coming to terms with the fact that I'd just spent $12 on a tiny, average salad and a plate of fries.Our friend had the mussels, which were much more impressive looking, and I imagine the other meat dishes comported themselves equally well.  Sometimes it sucks to be veg.Dessert was a salted brownie with caramel drizzle - another completely unmemorable concoction - though our friend ordered the rhubarb crumble, which was the best thing I think all of us tasted the entire evening.I'll give Dandelion a 3-star for atmo and beer list, but I doubt I'll be eating here again.
5	I had heard so much about this place before my visit with 7 other friends a couple weeks ago.  I can tell you Dandelion Market certainly lived up to all my expectations from the service and cozy atmosphere to the delicous menu. I love the small, "tapas" style entrees.  You can order several selections, share with friends (my group all ordered different selections and passed them around.) I always enjoy eating small portions and feeing satisfied, not over fed.  I already had the procuitto crostini in mind.  Boy was it delicious, salty and sweet and creamy, too.  Our server stayed attentive to our table, was very helpful explaining the menu and kept the drinks coming.  I really like the carafes of water on the table, so that your water glass in never empty and you don't have to keep asking your server for more.  Great idea!    I also recommend the steak skewers and the spicy prawns and flatbreads.  The guiness  (sp) brownie is delicous.  Great beer selection too.   I loved the exposed brick interior and over stuffed chairs tucked in one nook,  great for having drinks and conversation.   All in all a great night and I hope to return again soon.
5	Two Words: Lamb Lolipops. WOWza. Definitely licked my plate.I haven't had anything off the menu that I wouldn't enthusiastically order again. This place is awesome--from the cozy downstairs bar area to the hip upstairs (equipped with live DJ on weekends, and a dancefloor)... this place has everything--great food, great bar, great atmosphere. Pricey, but awesome to go with a group or on a date!
4	Great beer and higher than average food. Menu has only a small list of food options but every one I have gotten has been top notch.  Go for lunch instead of dinner tho, as the lunch menu consists of some good salads and sandwiches, but the dinner menu has some really unique items (try 'everything but the bun' if you can!) Heres to hoping it doesn't fall under the 5th street curse as many have before it!
4	i met a few friends here when i was in town on business.  It is a laid back place that has a huge beer and wine list.  The food is all small plate - tapas style.  We had the steak skewers, fried pickles, fries, prosciutto crostinis and calamari (there were 5 of us).  The food was all good - the crostinis were in my opinion the best.  Steak was cooked perfectly.  Overall it was a great place to hang out and catch up.  The bill wasnt too bad after a few rounds of drinks and those plates of tapas.  I will definitely return when i am in Charlotte again.
4	I love variety packs, samplers, flights, combos, mixed offerings in general. That's part of the reason why I dig tapas-style places.  Nothing pleases me more than tasting some of this and some of that.  The other part of the reason is that my dining philosophy is generally if you can make it at home with no unreasonable effort, you should just make it at home.  Now try making a tapas menu at home.  It'll take forever and it probably won't be very good.  So for me tapas/small plates = the perfect restaurant dining experience.I thoroughly enjoyed dinner at "dando".  Little plates of calimari, mac and cheese, ribs and a couple of other things were very tasty.  The marinated olives were a bit on the salty side.  The beer selection was of course very satisfying as well, I got a delightful, fragrant Belgian.We went back for brunch one day and honestly that was less impressive.  The fluffy fritatta was tasty, the waffle was just ok.  The coffee was not piping hot.I'd definitely come back for dinner, but it looks like my brunch search is still on.
4	So yeah, solid small plates for the most part, good beer selection and a cozy enviroment.  It is more of a pre game spot for going out since it does get uncomfortably crowded on weekends in the late evening.  A bit "fratty", and I think they have a polo shirt check at the door, but whatever--still good food and drinks to chill out on.
5	This has quickly become one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. I have visited multiple times for the dinner and have also gone for the Sunday brunch. The food is outstanding. Well prepared, well presented, with excellent portion sizing and condiment compliment. The prices are very reasonable for the quality you receive.
3	Whatever it is another night club for kids.  Yes these are 20-something Bud Light drinkers and there are fights and the floors are sticky.  Music is usually the latest pop stuff on the radio.  You get the idea.  So if you are in the mood for exactly this kind of thing then you know what you are getting yourself into here!  :-D
4	I kinda have a secret crush on this place, and it was randomly reinforced the other day by a killer, killer sammich. Its memory makes me want to write it a poem. But I suck at rhyming, soThe bun - perfectly toasted. A thin, sturdy layer of crust and charred onion giving way to sweet wheatiness, another layer of thin crunch sidling up to a ginormous, ridiculous, muffin topping, butter-saturated, smokey, fungusy portabella cap. A little bit of salt. A dash of balsamic. Pepper. A dollop of goat cheese and chopped tomato placed dead center, a teetery, balanced handful of bitey greens, most or all arugula, then another toasty onioncrunchbun, squashed every-so-slightly on top and skewered in place. Cheese as punctuation, not paragraph. A superb portoburger.For 8 bucks. Add another giant fistful of delicately dressed greens between the two immaculately sliced sandwich halves, and I was in awe of what a mere 8 bones can get you for lunch. I gotta come here more often.
3	I'm struggling with the fact that I've given Dandelion Market just 3 stars.  The service here is great.  It is, in fact, some of the best service I've had in a Charlotte restaurant.  Each server has been friendly and competent.  The beer selection here is solid.  I am impressed that they have a good number of regional craft brews on tap here. I love tapas-style dining.  I would prefer to graze than to just put my head in a feed bag and chow down on some oversized portion of something.  The quality of food preparation here is pretty consistent.  There are some menu items that I have not liked, but it was simply personal taste and not due to anything going awry in the kitchen.  Here's my "gripe" with Dandelion:  I've been 5 or 6 times now and have eaten nearly everything on the menu.  Some things I want to eat a second or third time, but I no longer sit at home and think that I'm dying to eat at DM because I haven't tried "x" yet.  Again, this is not because the food tastes bad.  The food is great.  I would just like to see some menu rotation.  But perhaps there is rotation and I've just missed it.  If you've never eaten at Dandelion Market I highly recommend it.  It's a great restaurant and with some seasonal menu changes I'd give it 4 or 5 stars.
3	I experienced the "bar" version of this place on Saturday night.   Man, was it packed.  It did have a pretty cool vibe to it, but it was hard to enjoy it when we were all standing shoulder to shoulder and my butt got grabbed a couple times (by people you don't want to grab your butt)....  I'm sure it was an accidental "hey, how's it going?"  but it made me feel a bit dirty.Crowd aside, we did not even attempt to get drinks at the bar since it would have taken a parting of the red sea to get to... plus to fight the other thirsty patrons once you got to the front.With all the people on the 2nd floor, the floor started to feel like it was bouncing at times... we went downstairs to escape the craziness and hung out on the fringes near the kitchen.Don't know how much the cover was for guys since a friend of ours had passes for all of us... but there was a long line outside to get inside..... I may have felt cheated if I actually paid the cover.Probably will give this place another chance - maybe it was just a bad night for me :(
4	I live right down the road from Dandelion Market and I really enjoy it. I know a couple great people who work there as well and I've never had a problem with the service, even on the crazy busier nights. Dandelion is a great place for a dinner date before hitting the town or with a group of friends for a dinner celebration or just drinks! They get very busy on the weekend nights, though! This place magically turns into almost a club scene with loud music within no time after the dinner crowd starts to retreat. If you would like to check Dandelion Market out, I would suggest you go on a weekend night for a tapas dinner (which is delicious) and then stay a little while after for drinks so you can witness the "Raising of the Table" upstairs. The first time I saw it I was impressed by the grandeur of the display. There is a huge, heavy wooden table that is literally raised from the floor to the ceiling after the last party finished from it and right before they put on the music to get the party going! I don't think they have a specific time that they do this but if you ask to eat upstairs, you will eventually see it if you stay long enough afterwards. As soon as that table is raised all the way to the ceiling, it's dancing time!! Yeahhh.As far as the food goes, it does seem a little pricey for tapas,  but what do you expect from the uptown area? Everything I have ordered there has been delicious such as Lamb lollipops, Potato croquettes, Mac and cheese and much more. Try a little bit of everything and you won't be disapopinted. They also serve breakfast and even though I've only been once, I would definitely go again and recommend it for a non-traditional weekend brunch. Dandelion also has a great draft beer and wine selection. Their bartenders seem pretty knowledgeable in what they serve so don't hesitate to ask if you are overwhelmed by the choices.Overall, I enjoy Dandelion Market and find the staff to be super friendly and welcoming. Good eats and a really good time too!
3	A good spot, but a little confused.Dandelion's apps were very good, the hummus tray was particularly surprising (not something i would typically order at a restaurant, but the flavors were off the charts delicious)Overall the food was good but not stupendous.In the evening the place is a little confused: is it a restaruant? a pub? a dance club? a rave? depends on the night and the patronage. I tend to like my places a little better defined. But if you are in for a wild card night: go have a beer (good selection on tap) and see where the night takes you.
4	Met a few friends here out one night.  The food was above average and it was not too late so the upstairs was not extremely crowded yet.  It's true, the downstairs has a vibe was chill and you could tell the upstairs was going to be a blow out for a Saturday night. I loved it though - I'll be back.
4	I love everything about this place. The atmosphere, the menu, the wine selection, right down to their glass water bottles. I am disappointed that they took the fried sage leaves off the menu, but, they have plenty other amazing dishes to make up for it.
5	I recently spent a lovely evening at Dandelion Market enjoying some very good food. We had the entire second floor to ourselves and the service was fantastic. It's a rustic looking pub, old exposed wood and brick with dim lighting and a cozy atmosphere. When I heard we would be dining at the "Dandelion Market" I was expecting a more open and bright place, more like a farmers market vibe. I was instantly reminded of the bars in Dublin at Temple Bar, which I believe is exactly what they were trying for. They had a good sized menu of small plates for dinner, also some sandwiches and other items for lunch. I tried a bite or two of the fried pickles, grilled steak skewers, ale simmered sausage bites, tiger prawns, and the santa fe corn. I heard the market mac n cheese, baked potato croquettes, and the prosciutto crostini were all very good as well. The service was terrific all night. We were there for about three hours and the servers kept our glasses full and made sure we were well fed. I can't wait till the next time I'm in Charlotte and can try brunch at Dandelion Market, it sounds delicious.
4	I actually visited The Dandelion Market twice for their brunch menu while in Charlotte for a friend's wedding,. The first time was with some friends who were also attending the wedding--one couple had actually been there the day before and raved about it. I had the Monte Cristo and had to restrain myself from inhaling the whole thing in 5 minutes: it was crispy, soft, sweet, salty--everything you could want in a brunch sandwich. And if that isn't enough, it comes with raspberry preserves AND maple syrup (and you'll want to test both out, believe me). From what I heard, everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.The next day, I met my mom, aunt, grandmother, and my mom's best friend in Charlotte and I guess my description of The Dandelion Market was so tantalizing that they wanted to try it as well. Everyone at the table got the Monte Cristo except for me; I opted for a set of small plates: a Cinnamon Roll, Scrambled Eggs, and Bacon (had to try something new!). Everyone loved the Monte Cristo (which made me happy).The service was pretty good; it was a bit slow at times, but overall, the staff was courteous. The space was very open, giving me the sense that the restaurant is pretty active bar venue, but the lighting was very dark, especially for a morning spot. Nonetheless, I'll be sure to stop by The Dandelion Market the next time I'm in downtown Charlotte!
1	My girlfriend and I went to this place because we heard such good reviews. We walked in on Saturday afternoon and there were a few people there so we were seated fairly quick. Thats the highlight. The waitress took a while to get to us. I am not sure if she was the only one there but if thats the case they need to hire more people. When she finally came over we both order the scrambled eggs w/ potatoes and peppers. We thought this would fill us up. When it came out the whole thing was inside of a very small cast iron skillet. I was speechless. I decided to give it a chance and boy was I disappointed. Flavorless, and way too hot. No amount of salt or pepper would save it.  My girlfriend was still hungry so she ordered a side of potatoes.  She said they were okay, but I did not try them. I was too mad about this "culinary crime" that had been perpetrated on me.  The decor was even questionable.  I have no clue what this place is trying to be. Is it a bar, a restaurant, a lounge, an eclectic hangout for non-conformist. Whatever it is it is not for me and I will not be going back.
4	Stopped in for a bite while walking through Taste of Charlotte. Did not realize until ordering it was a "tapas-style" small dish menu. I ordered the special - lobster and asparagus mac and cheese. It was delicious! and very filling even for a "small" dish. In the interest of trying something new, ordered the Big Boss D'Icer...a local brew from Raleigh - also delicious. Would definitely recommend Dandelion Market. Nice ambiance and friendly wait staff.
4	Dandelion Market probably makes better margins on their lively nightlife, but this wallflower can't say for sure since bedtime's at 10.  I can, however, speak to their great lunches.  I first experienced their fantabulous ahi tuna salad with a really flavorful citrus vinegarette. My lunchmate raved about the tomato soup and grilled cheese that I tried yesterday and it was classic unhealthy comfort food. I really liked the robust flavor of the soup.  My favorite salad, though, the caprese has been taken off the menu. I don't know if they might bring it back in a future menu. The aged balsamic is so sweet and complemented the generous helping on mozzarella and cherry tomatoes, on top of mixed greens. Yum. Please bring it back!  The Stud had the Rustica which was OK (probably better toasted), but wouldn't recommend it. They did recommend the roast beef.  I've also heard great things about the brunch, but they didn't have the leanest options for brunch, so I bet it would be a good place for a hangover.     The service is always friendly and attentive.  One time I had an issue with the quality of an ingredient and they took care of it swiftly and impressively. The interior  hasn't changed that much since La Torres, but it's got a good vibe, though still feels a bit like a dingy bar. For salads that good, I'll take it.
4	DANDY! Why have I not reviewed you yet? This is a favorite among my coworkers and I, what with the close proximity to our restaurant, the amazing food served til midnight, and $3 Pint Night. The small plates are perfect to split, or to just order 4 and eat them by yourself as I have been known to do. The beer cheese fondue and fried artichokes cannot be beat. I usually stay away from the upstairs, especially on weekends, as it does tend to get crowded and douche-y. (And really guys, $3 craft pints and you just got a Miller Lite? Really?) They usually play good music, but I'm just not a can-of-sardines, beer-spilled-on-you person. Nah, I'm really more of a downstairs type of girl. Downstairs is pretty awesome though.
5	Once again, thank you YELP!  We arrived around 7pm on a Friday night so it wasn't crazy. Ate downstairs which was perfect! I think that my wife and I both said "I like the feel of this place" more than once.  Great craft beer selection on tap. I don' t think they had any macro crap coming out of the pipes.  This place specializes in small plates. Our waiter was great and suggested 3-4 if looking for dinner x2.  VERY difficult to decide. We had the cheese board, stuffed poblano pepper.  These were both repeatable offenses.  I had read about the lobster Mac n cheese. Our waiter mentioned it was gone but later returned informing us they had 3 in the kitchen. We grabbed one. WOW!  Lots of lobster, very creamy, and only $3 more than regular mac? YES PLEASE!  When we return, it will have to be on $3 draft night!
3	Atmosphere is fantastic. Bar upstairs for fun. Dinner downstairs. Pub feel - Irish pub. Great beers. I had a pint of guinness  In general good food but a little too heavy on the salt. Blackened Tilapia - nice spice but a bit drySteak skewers - delishStuffed zucchini cheese is baked on top and yummy, zucchini is a little mushyMushrooms are savory
5	I have been here a few times and have had a great experience every time.  The food is very tasty and well priced. Also, it is pretty cool that you can have a lot of variety for dinner since meals are tapas style.  The place is pretty big since there are two floors.  IMO downstairs is nicer since it is a little more intimate.  Regardless of what floor you are on, the staff is great and will guide you through the menue and recommend their favorites based on what you say you like or do not like.  If you want a relaxing fun dinner, this is a great place to go.
4	This place is my kind of bar.Really extensive craft beer menu, which includes tap dates. I had the same bartender each of the three times I went, and he remembered what I and each member of my party had ordered the previous time.  I was totally comfortable telling the bartender to "give me something great," and trust he'd pull a good beer for me.  He did not disappoint.As other yelpers have said, there are two floors, with the upstairs having a hidden DJ loft, and a large table which lifts to the ceiling on weekends to create a dance floor.To be honest, I much preferred the earlier part of the week, where quiet blues was playing and some baseball was on the TV, to the later, louder week with the Lady Gaga and the shiny-shirted ladies and gelled gents, but that's just my scene.  The beer, the staff, and the service were great.
3	I really like the decor and artworks. Decent beer choices and food.
4	The best thing about Dandelion is Sidy. That is besides the beer and food. Sidy is my favorite bartender in all if Charlotte. I love going to a place and the staff is happy to see me, knows my name and is quick to keep my glass filled. The food is also quite good but will admit, I usually only go for drinks once or twice a month. Tapas is served, which is good for sharing but can really drive up your bill if you get hungry. Since I'm a happy hourer, I'm usually out the door before the Uptown madness starts.  But from what I hear, it's a good place to meet the young and beautiful after dark.
4	I know this place is also a nightclub I think but my review is based strictly on my visit here during lunch.  I found the menu to be full of healthy selections and refreshing, light lunches.I had the Boars Head turkey sandwich on rye bread with a spinach salad for the side.  The sandwich came with the basics, tomato, lettuce and light mayo.  Nothing to write home about really regarding the sandwich but something to note is that it was a decent portion size and fresh, so no complaints.  The side salad was fine, a little overdone with the vinaigrette dressing and no real accouterments in the salad, strictly spinach leaves.  It was still fine.I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu options soon :)
3	Good food for the most part. We did an early dinner which helped with crowd control. Wine selection had a decent amount of wines @ $25. Food was good, but my "meet the bar" restaurant is Soul Gastrolounge - this is not as good as Soul. Chimchurry special not flavorful enough, and deserts weren't appealing enough for us to get any. It's a good restaurant, but if you're able to drive for 10 minutes or so, go to Soul instead.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and food at this place. The boyfriend and I wandered in on a Sunday afternoon in need of snacks and libations. After looking at the menu here, we wondered if he'd be okay in a baseball cap, so we decided to walk by and feel.  The place was pretty empty, so we sidled up to the bar and ordered a pitcher of Abita Triple Haze, a more high-octane version of my favorite summer sipper, Purple Haze. Did I mention this place has an awesome beer selection? For food, we chose the grilled lamb lollipops with black cherry, greens and feta vinaigrette, along with the proscuitto crostini topped with fig preserves and caramelized onions. Both were great! The lamb was a bit fruity for me (in fact I probably would have preferred it sans cherry), but then I ordered a dish with fruit. The crostini was a really nice balance of sweet, salty and savory. I definitely wanted to come back and try more food here.Also, the service was super casual and friendly, as were the regulars hanging around. The bf mentioned he's new to town and everyone chimed with suggestions of things to do, good delivery, must-visit restaurants, etc. In all, this was a great place for afternoon hanging. Can't wait to return!
4	Decided to try this place out because of other reviews on Yelp. I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food. The waitress was great, too. So as far as food goes, there was 3 of us in our group. We were there for dinner and ordered a bottle of wine (all the bottles are $25!). We started with the cheese plate, the antipasto plate and the roasted red pepper and artichoke dip. We all agreed that the dip was really tasty and left none in the bowl. The cheese plate offered 3 different cheeses, nothing extraordinary but not bad. The antipasto had salami, prosciutto, sausage and pepperoni. Here again, nothing extraordinary but definitely tasty.Next course we ordered the chicken roulade, ahi tuna, steak skewers and ribs. The ribs were fall off the bone, really good! The ahi tuna was my next favorite. The steak was a bit tough but had a good flavor. And finally the chicken roulade was just a bit overcooked (but anything with goat cheese in it is good to me).We finished with a cheese fondue (sounds silly now, but we also were on our second bottle of wine).All in all we enjoyed ourselves and ate all of the food. The end price was actually pretty good for all we got. We'll definitely be going there again.
4	Great Bar upstairs the Beer selection was large enough to please any beer snob.
4	I think I'm becoming a small plates addict.  Had dinner at yet ANOTHER tapas like restaurant, this time in Charlotte, and left pleased once again.  I think the world REALLY needs more small plates venues, it would make for smilier, happier people, seriously!At Dandelion Market, the atmosphere is pub like with dim lighting, a big screen tv, and a rustic feel.  It screams, come in, have a drink & some hearty food, and relax.  We got a table right by the window and midway through our dinner it started to downpour, with strong bouts of lightening.  With candles on every table, exposed brick, the rain beating hard by the window, and just the all around coziness of the place, we couldn't have picked a better spot to be at.As for the food, really loved just about everything we ordered.  The mac and cheese was a pleasant surprise made with corkscrew noodles instead of the standard bent noodles and it was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The bread crumbs on the top melted nicely throughout the dish.  Our santa fe corn plate was a mouthful of zesty flavor with just the right amount of tangy kick.  My favorite though was hands down the roasted red pepper and artichoke dip, so creamy and yummy, and incredibly perfect with the warm soft yet slightly crispy pita slices.  Due to the downpour, we decided to stick around in the restaurant a bit longer and with nothing else to do, we ordered dessert (yeah, it was a tough call!) and I have to say their bread pudding totally rocked.  It was slightly different than most bread puddings I've had which are generally soft, gooey, and blended with carmel, but at Dandelion, it was more like soft sweetened toast with ice cream, which doesn't sound very good, but actually tasted pretty amazing.Their menu is vegetarian friendly (all three of us who went are veggies) and their prices are super reasonable too.  We ordered a tea, four small plates and two desserts and our bill came out to under $45!  Pretty sweet deal :)  If you're in the neighborhood, this place is definitely worth giving a try!
4	I had a dozen girlfriends in town and we decided to go to Dandelion Market for dinner. We were seated upstairs, and the atmosphere was nice- sort of dark, not fancy or anything, but just nice enough. Since there were so many of us, we decided to order the menu item that includes every single tapas plate on the menu. I honestly think everyone should find a dozen of their closest friends and do exactly this, so that you get to taste everything on the menu instead of having to choose!The food was absolutely amazing. When the plates started coming out, all of us were getting basically a bite of each plate. And we're looking at each other and thinking "uh-oh. This is never going to work". But then some of the plates are coming out where you're getting 2-4 bites. And then, 25 plates later, you're absolutely stuffed with truly fantastic food. The lamb lollipops were amazing, as were the scallops, flatbread pizzas, the cheese board, the mussels (a LOT of mussels!), the steak. I had ZERO complains about the food.The service was good. I wish there had been a better way of staging the items, because it started off with a slow trickle, and then at one point we were just slammed with plates- there was no way to keep up with them! I guess the wine list and beer list is good. I don't know. Someone else ordered all of our wine, and I don't get really picky when it comes to fermented grapes.I would recommend Dandelion to anyone. Personally, I'd have a hard time coming back and only getting to choose a few plates. For around $25 per person (plus booze, of course), I thought the "try everything" option couldn't have been better. Will absolutely be coming back, as soon as I wrangle up 10 friends to go with me.
5	this place is awesome! was in charlotte for a conference and ended up going back to this place several times. dandelion market has great food and is fun place to go if you want to try a bunch of GREAT food.on our last night in charlotte, we showed up on a sunday night eight people in our group. with no available tables downtown stairs, the staff happily opened up the top floor for us which felt like a private party. the atmosphere here is adorable and i will forever recommend 'the dando' to anyone visiting charlotte.
4	When I lived uptown, this place was always first on my list. For drinks, for pre-nights out meals, for a quick lunch... and if I had written this when I still lived uptown, it would be a five star review and then some.A few weeks ago I found myself uptown on a weeknight and was need of a post-show meal. Obviously, the first place that popped into my head was Dandelion Market. They had changed the menu a bit since the last time I was there but some of the staples were right where I'd left them. We ordered the cheese plate, the mussels, and the pommes frites. You can't go wrong with mussels, bacon, and cream - so this dish is highly recommended. The fries were delicious, were a huge portion, and the homemade ketchup was great too. I really liked the cheeses offered, but that's where that fifth star started to fade. 1) If your menu doesn't specify the cheeses coming to the table, either the food runner or the server should tell you what's on it... or just be available to answer questions when you can't figure it out yourself. 2) the only bread offered should not be partially grilled pita, it doesn't hold up to anything (with a different selection of cheeses I might have understood, but not with what we received)... I ended up stealing the toasted bread from the mussels to eat some of the cheese. It also took a really long time to get our round of drinks, and the place was not busy. plus, when we finally did get our drinks I was informed it was the last of the brand of liquor I had requested... bummer.But the last missteps aside, I still love dandelion market. Their menu has a great variety of dishes and who doesn't love sampling a ton of delicious small plates? I don't think I've ever had a "bad" dish from DM, and I don't see them disappointing me in the future. (especially with their excellent beer selection).
4	Great atmosphere, good selection of beer. And oh yeah, my roommate works here.The overall restaurant had a nice social vibe to it. With two floors, two bars, this place was definitely a place for bar food and drinks. Great selection of beer and sampling was a lot of fun the first time I went there.The fried calamari was really good, I enjoyed it a lot with the sauce complementing it. The other food was also delicious, a bit pricey, but overall it's not a place to eat to be full. Drink and be merry here!
5	I was at a conference in Charlotte, and came across this joint on restaurant.com. It was a great find. I first thought it was going to be a lady's luncheon place, but it surely was nothing of the sort. They have tapas and plenty of drinks. The tapas are of good size and are quite good. The prices were also pretty affordable. But this might be me comparing it to LA.I would say almost 4 out of 5. Like 3.75 out of 5. Wait staff is a 5 out of 5 and same with the ambience. I would definitely go back and would suggest others to try it out for themselves. Good for groups or even just for a couple.
4	It's the go-to bar after work.  Can't complain as it has friendly staff, solid bar food, nice selection of beers.Came here to celebrate many things, one being the second time I had to take the MPRE bc North Carolina is so tight about requirements for out-of-state attorneys! All good, gave me a chance to catch up on beers and convo with work buds.  Only thing I don't like is the awkward ceiling support bars attached to some tables that are designed for 6 people to sit.  When I take out my wallet, phone (4s, sorry, I love it), keys, gum, eye drops, watch, cigarettes, headphones... I find my space limited! JK on the last 6 items, but still, it's a little tight.  Nothing they can really do about it I guess. It's a nice after-work bar, came in on the day of the Taylor Swift concert but there were no attendees in attendance at that particular bar - shoulda headed over to Epicentre.  Regardless, had a great time there.dmo out.
4	I went to Dandelion Market when it first opened and was incredibly packed. I was happy to try it again on a recent Monday night when it was much calmer, but by no means dead. The space is really nice and quaint inside, but what really impressed me was the service--from the people greeting me at the door to our very personable waiter, the service was really spot-on. I was also a bit sheepish bringing my 9-month old with me, as this place doesn't strike me as very baby-friendly, but the staff were very accommodating and immediately found a high chair for her. Of the tapas plates we tried, the best were the sliders and the shrimp and grits. My friends got the mussels, and they looked amazing. The stuffed zucchini was good, but not a stand-out. DM had a great beer special Monday night--$3 pints--which most of my party enjoyed, and everyone seemed impressed with the beer list. For a nice afterwork dinner, this place is really top-notch.
5	My fiance and I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night and absolutely loved it! The food was excellent (mussels, calamari, ahi tuna, mushrooms and fried pickles), the drinks were great and our server, Amanda, was awesome I would definitely recommend DM and can't wait to go back!
2	My coworkers and I decided to come here for lunch to celebrate a productive week.  We sat down and ordered our food around 12:10pm and did not receive our food until 12:50pm.  We waited 40 minutes for our food and the orders were still messed up!  While our waiter was extremely sweet and nice tempered, it was a little difficult to rate this place any higher.  Maybe next time I come (if I ever do), I can reassess.My chicken salad sandwich was fresh- I only have good things to say about this lovely sandwich.  While I ordered fruit on the side, I got fries instead.  The waiter gave me complimentary fruit- or maybe I should say complementary melons since there was nothing else.  The melons taste sour which makes me inclined to believe that they have gone bad.  My coworker agreed.Better luck next time, Dandelion!
5	Went to Dandelion last night on a Sunday evening.  Ordered the calamari, chicken wings, lamb lollipops, scallops, grilled prawns and the ribs.  All were pretty great.  My favorites were the calamari, scallops and ribs.  For the price the food was exceptional.  Our waitress was very friendly and seemed to be holding the whole forte down including hostessing.  She still was very attentive.  Food came out fast and hot.  Also, they have several bottles of wine for $25 each and if you don't finish it you can take it to go!!  "Nuff said!!  Definitely will be going back!
4	i used to shy away from small plate eateries thinking why pay so much for so little. Then i realized it pretty much works out for us as the cost equivalent to 2 entrees minus the excess food forcing me to stuff myself.  We were craving absolutely nothing, so we decided to just go Uptown for dinner on a weeknight. We ended up parking on Church Street and wandered down to Dandelion Market. Two seats had just opened at the bar with no wait, so the bar we sat. The bar lady was very friendly and wore a real smile the whole night. They still have a solid beer list and the fact that they have $3 beers on Mondays sounds amazing given its Uptown location. We had the zucchini salad, baked potato croquettes, and the trio of spreads. The pita that came with the spreads had a garlic taste with a nice touch of salt. A single spread didn't stand out over the others, but enjoyed them all. This was the most filling of our plates. The potato croquettes were good, but only came with 4 little potato thingies which seemed small even for a small plate. The scallion cream that came with the potatoes was very light and added very little flavor, just a damp texture. The zucchini salad was cuts of zucchini lengthwise with a dressing, a few craisins and cheese. A solid opening dish. Overall, we had great beer, good food, and excellent service and i would definitely recommend this place for a weeknight dinner and drink.
4	I must say I was pretty impressed with the wings and fries I've had. The fries were really crisp and the wings were smokey with a great char. The beer selection isn't bad but I've come to realize these southern breweries just can't do IPAs well.
4	I absolutely adore this restaurant! They take effortless simplicity to a whole new level, especially in the uptown area where everything is overwhelming and has the "trying too hard" vibe. The interior on the first floor is spacious, all dark wood, dim lighting, and a decent-sized, rounded bar area. It's allows you to feel intimate without being overcrowded. I invited a group of friends out for my birthday and chose Dandelion Market because it is large enough to accommodate a group of 10 but without that chain restaurant feel. I'm definitely a NoDa fan because I love the small eclectic feel of the restaurants there, but the places there are always so small and never take reservations. This restaurant seemed to have the atmosphere with the accommodations that I was looking for. They greeted us and had our table set up within 5-10 minutes. Their menu is a "tapas style," or small plates but with a modern twist and a southern flair. Everything from a cheese plate to shrimp and grits. I get worried about tapas, especially in large groups, because as soon as I share I rarely have enough for myself. However, their plates were generously portioned that sharing was never an issue. I also love variety so this menu was perfect. I got the cheese plate, which came with honeycomb that I thought was pretty unique. I also got the macaroni and cheese, which was amazing and the calamari, which had more than enough to share. The shrimp and grits were definitely the favorite of the table. The grits come in a cake style with jumbo sauteed shrimp. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and the macaroni and cheese was baked with the crunchy decadence I look for in that kind of dish. BONUS: the dishes are reasonable priced, even if you want a lot or a little.Their specialty drinks were a little on the sweet side for me, so I stuck with a classic cosmopolitan (hey, it was my birthday!). We also ordered shots, so I felt the classy with party style was well balanced. Their wine is also well priced. The service was okay, there were a few times I needed a drink refill and had a hard time finding the server, but we didn't have any issues with the service and I felt comfortable being able to socialize with my group of friends without feeling like we needed to fit the intimate atmosphere. We went upstairs to the bar after dinner and while it was a nice bar with the same theme, it was brighter and less comfortable for just drinking at a bar. The only problem is that when we told the server we were just looking to get some drinks she suggested we try another bar nearby, making us feel a little unwelcome, so we left. Overall, Dandelion Market was a great experience that even friends who have lived in the Charlotte area for years were surprised about. It's definitely an unknown gem in the uptown area, which is mostly full of loud clubs or uninspiring pubs.
5	Great for the small plate dinners and entrees alike. Dandy turns into something awesome at night with 2 floors of bars and plenty of local craft brews. Bartenders are exceptional at making your drink magically appear before you. Late night, get a basket you pomme frites, and you can thank me later.
4	My coworkers and I walked down to Dandelion Market for lunch on a weekday. for some reason, the upstairs dining room was not open this day so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table to be seated. One of my employees was pregnant and in her third trimester so she was not able to stand for too long. Luckily for us, they had two comfy leather chairs in the dining area for her sit while we waited. The service took a little longer than you would expect for lunch. Everyone ordered a lunch combo or a salad. The sandwiches were large and looked delicious. I ordered the market salad $6 and added ahi tuna $6. It was one of the best salads I have ever had. They lightly toss it with a vinaigrette and I love goat cheese, dried cranberries, pine nuts, spring mix and of course, ahi tuna! The best salad ever! Everyone enjoyed their meal immensely.
4	This place is pretty good.  It isn't quite "amazing" but it is better than "okay," so it gets 4 stars!I've been here for dinner and lunch.  I like the dinner menu better.  Dinner:I think I was a little overly excited to have found a place that had tapas here in Charlotte so I came in with positive expectations....and they really didn't disappoint!  They have a pretty good variety although I wouldn't really describe them as "unique."  We tried the trio of spreads, stuffed zucchini, chicken roulade, and the grilled steak skewers.  Everything was very tasty!!  There were several other items I would like to try including the santa fe corn, baked potato croquettes and fried pickles!!  Lunch:It was mostly salads, sandwiches and soups....which is fine if that is what you are looking for!  Their turkey sandwich was big and plenty.  They certainly didn't skimp on the meat!  You get to choose a side---fries, salad, fruit etc.  It was overall a perfect lunch portion and satisfying.  Again, it wasn't amazing but it was very good.I'm not in love with the atmosphere...I wish they had a few cushioned couches or booths but it is all wooden tables and some of them are right out in the open on the elevated seating area...so I felt too exposed.  I would have to agree with previous reviews that this would probably be the PERFECT late night spot.  It is more of a bar than a restaurant and it is somewhat of a dive sprinkled with a little bit of trendy.  I like this place and it serves a great purpose in Charlotte.  It would be fun to start here before dinner or end up here after you are looking for a midnight snack.  Enjoy!
4	My boyfriend used my corporate discount to buy a coupon to take me out to dinner while he was in town :) He's such a Romantic....We were there on a Sunday night and were joined by four? other people. This made me appreciate the social nature of our waitress who I do believe I went to highschool with (I hope my super cute boyfriend didn't make her jealous). As for the food, small plates were perfect bc I like EVERYTHING. We had the antipasto, the cheese plate, and the cucumber salad. The antipasto was pepperoni, Spanish chorizo (the hard kind), soppressata(?), and olives. The cheese plate was a 3 out of 4, but I was happy to find one of them was from Sheep's milk!They had a pretty good beer selection, and I did really like the interior.. Exposed brick walls, and dark woods... Not what I originally envisioned for a place called the Dandelion Market.
5	We really liked it, the stuffed zucchini was excellent. We will be back.
4	My wife and I were in Charlotte for her business trip and we went to Dandelion Market for an early anniversary dinner. We had a great time and a nice meal.We walked in around 5:30 on a Wednesday and were seated right away; the restaurant was maybe 1/4 full. It has a nice ambiance: romantic lighting, brick walls. It's a nice atmosphere for a cozy, romantic dinner.Their wine list online and on the printed menu at the restaurant is wine by the bottle only, and each bottle is $25. This turned us off from going there for lunch, but it needn't have, since it turned out they had a chalkboard on one wall with a selection of wines by the glass. They also have a good beer selection, including Bell's Two-Hearted, my favorite beer.We ordered off their dinner menu, which is all tapas (small plates), between about $6 - $12 each. With tapas, we like to order one or two at a time, up to about four total for the two of us. We started with their Artisanal Cheese Board, which came with 3 really nice cheeses, apricot preserves, honeycomb, almond cake/loaf of some sort, and some pita bread wedges. It was a nice enough cheese tray and went well with our Pinot Noir. Our next two tapas were the Shrimp and Grits and Grilled Steak Skewers. The grits were actually two grit cakes, topped with goat cheese--interesting and very nice. The steak skewers were cooked medium rare (there's no choice in the matter) and straight-forward, but very good. We finished the meal with Stuffed Poblano Pepper--stuffed with sausage and cheese, topped with a cream sauce--that was just fantastic. Easily the highlight of the meal. If we went back, I think we'd be tempted to get two of those as an entree.For dessert, we were told they had had an unexpected run on desserts this week, but were supplementing the 2 house-made desserts they had left with a couple choices from a nearby bakery. We got the Oreo Cheesecake from the bakery, and were not disappointed--they chose bakeries well.Overall, we had a great, filling romantic dinner--with a bottle of wine--for a pretty great price. Every thing we got was either good or great, and our waitress was great. We were so happy that, when my wife stayed an extra day to finish her trip, she went back for her final dinner in Charlotte. We'll definitely try to make a trip our next time in town.
4	Dandelion has very quickly become one of my top three fave lunch spots in the 704. The variety and price point of the lunch menu is just too good to pass up for a vegetarian, sometimes vegan, like me. Their grilled cheese and tomato soup rival my QC fave Common Market. 4pm onward they serve a bevvy of delicious small plates. You can even order one of everything for $225 if you want. To complement said yummy fare is a nice selection of beer and wine which your server will tell you about or is usually listed on a chalkboard on the wall. Again - good stuff at a great price. Brunch. I've had brunch @ Dandelion w family; I've had brunch @ Dandelion w friends still recovering from the night before. Both sets of people left the place fed, satisfied, and happy. This review isn't 5 stars only bc I've had to go elsewhere for eats twice. The wait on a Friday and Saturday night (both times I arrived at a rather early bird 6:30pm) have been over an hour.
5	Love the vegetarian options. Very friendly staff. Good selection of beers on tap.
5	Great food and atmosphere. My go-to place for a casual dinner and for happy hour. My favorites are the tuna (large portion and always great) and the stuffed zucchini. The bartenders and servers are attentive and friendly. They make an effort to learn names and greet us personally every time now.
2	So Google Offers is another Groupon clone.  They had an offer for Dandelion Market the other day.  It just so happened we were staying at a hotel a block away this weekend, so I purchased the offer, which was only valid for brunch and lunch (both served until 3pm).  Our waitress was nice, but our food took forever to come out and the restaurant was not packed.  Even still, they brought me the wrong omelet.  My wife's omelet was cold in some spots, and for $11 you should use real crab.  She is a native soiutherner and knows here grits, and said these were terrible.  The highlight was the home fries.  I like those but maybe because I was hungover.  I am glad we only paid $10 for this meal, because it wasn't worth much more than that.  On the positives, they had a decent beer selection and make your own bloody mary bar.
2	I like the gastropub look and feel, but honestly the menu had too many fried items for my taste. The quality was good - but I think it could be healthier. Our waitress was super sweet and I still have to go back and check out the upstairs, but I'n not sure I would have dinner there again. I give em 2 starts because the hype lead me to believe it would be 4.Keepin it real.
4	This is a must go to if you are in Charlotte, NC.  I was taken here for a business dinner and we ordered "everything on the menu" literally.  It was so awesome I had to make a stop when I came back into town.  This time we just sat at the bar, a much smaller group, and we each ordered 2 items to share and a flat bread.  It was plenty of food.  I also love the beer selection and the bartender was really awesome!  I will keep going back. :)
4	This is a nice, funky tapas-style eatery in uptown. But I think the food's a little pricey and the portions too large to be a traditional tapas place. My GF and I ordered three plates each, thinking that we'd order more, but the portions were so large that the six were more than enough. The frites and calamari, for example, were as large as a standard appetizer at a "regular" restaurant. I'm sure Dandelion Market has run the numbers and decided that this is the way to go; however I would have preferred it if the portions and prices were split in half, so I could try a greater variety of things. Then again, my GF is mostly vegetarian and I am not - perhaps if we ate with a few more friends the cost would even out more.Having said all that, the food was good. The Ale Simmered Sausage bites weren't as warm as I would have hoped, but the sauce was delicious. The calamari was tender and well-cooked. The sliders were delicious, although the toppings threatened to overwhelm the meat. The frites were perfectly cooked and delicious. The baked potato croquettes were tasty and homey. The fried pickles were great, albeit with an "upscale" take. The beer menu is nice and well thought out. The service was friendly and efficient. The decor was funky - a mix of old Dublin pub and modern hipster hangout (old burlap sacks stretched and and hung like pictures, or example).My only complaint (save what I wrote in the first paragraph) is that this place might prove to be a bit.. twee for Charlotteans.
2	I'm not sure if this place is trying to be a gastropub or a vegan hippy fest.  The ambiance = gastropub, the food is like = vegan hippy meets fried southern.  They are trying to be all things to everyone and they failed.  The food wasn't terrible it just wasn't good.  It came out hot the staff was friendly.  The beer selection was ok.  We got the home made chips (nothing special), the ahi tuna (slightly overcooked) but with tasty dipping sauces, and the meat/beans/cheese in a skillet :(  Save your money and go down the road to Ri Ra or a half dozen other fantastic places in Uptown.
4	Let me start by saying. I have only been to this place during the day. Specifically brunch on the weekends. That being said. They do some good stuff. Their brunch menu is fantastic. Short and simple but more than filling and delicious. A great draft beer list for a smaller place along with a bloody mary bar and mimosas galore. Food as always been quick and service friendly. Only downfall... It you can call it that. Would be the "over easy eggs". The yolk was completely cooked through. Now I know how easy it is to overcook an egg I do it practically every morning. That being said. Not a big deal. If you want a great low key brunch. Get here. They do it right.
1	Wouldnt go back. Interior was nice but that was it. The beer was not cold, came in a warm glass... for pointing out how many types of beer they had youd think they would at least serve it cold. Started with fried pickles which was decent, had better. BF got the tuna, he said it lacked flavor, I ordered the chimi steak... one end was huge, the other small causing an overcooked, cooked well, then basically raw steak to be served... it came with fried plantains which were not sweet and very dry and overcooked. I would have sent the steak back except for the fact they were trying to fit a HUGE party next to us... three women were crammed at the end of the table right next to us and we wanted to get the heck out... its a small place so I know its hard for a big group but its not cool to sit somebody basically on top of us... dont like butt in my face when I am eating.
3	My wife and I went there on a Wednesday night.  It was really crowded due to an active afterwork bar scene.  The tapas were okay.  I really liked the calamari, and my wife loved the fried mushrooms.  The chimichurri was okay, but it had cilantro, which I hate.  But it's okay if you dont' mind.  Service was slow.  The host tried to provide service but failed, and we didn't get a waitress until we were almost done. I will cut them a break because they had three large parties that evening, but it strikes me given their location, the staff should have been prepared.  However, my main pet peeve is they served the first few tapas one plate at a time, which defeats the purpose of tapas which is to share them.
4	I can't believe have not reviewed Dandelion yet, as it is one of my regular go to places. Perfect for happy hour drinks, or a meal. Casual, pub-style eatery but the menu is anything but average pub&grub.Brunch is my favorite here thanks to the tasty Migas and bloody mary bar.Not traditional tapas, but certainly small plate style. Good for sharing. Full list of $25 bottles of wine.Last visit each of us ( 4 people) chose one item  and it was perfect for a late night post-movie bite.The service is consistently friendly and attentive.
4	We've been a couple of times for Sunday brunch, and both times have been delicious.  Two eggs looks more like five, and I could eat their raspberry preserves with a spoon!  I love that they bring you a basket of mini cornbread and biscuits when you sit down.  The Monte Cristo was out of this world, and I appreciate that it came with the preserves and warm maple syrup so I could alternate.  Service is great, too!
5	Portions are small, but unique and delicious. You won't be getting american-style huge plates, but every dish will be a complete treat. Some chefs get adventurous in a bad way, but this menu is definitely a winner. wild mushrooms: incredible taste, cooked perfectlychicken wings: better than average, but this dish really excelled due to the custom ranch. I didn't know ranch could be made to taste like that!lamb lollipops: small portion (half-rack is two ribs), but the cherry sauce is insane. The lamb meat was good by itself, fairly little seasoning so you're mainly getting lamb meat and a really tasty saucebuttered scallops: 3 scallops to a plate, but they are incredible. Quite buttery, but the low # of scallops keeps you from being overwhelmed. They are cooked quite well, not soggy at allOur bill would have been ~$40 for these 4 dishes, but with a coupon came out to $20.  I would definitely go again
4	My friend and I randomly strolled in here for dessert one Sunday eve, after my normal cupcake spot was closed. Best decision I ever made!!! They had a car bomb cupcake made with Guiness and Bailey's I think. 0_0... It was warm, and chocolatey, and everything I hoped and wished for. I will definitely be going back for lunch or dinner!!! The ambiance was great for a posh evening or a date. Staff was very friendly too! :)
5	I love this place. Yummy small plates, love  the overall atmosphere. I will never turn down going to dandelion.
4	My wife and I enjoyed our dinner here on a Sunday in mid-July. Amanda was our waitress and took good care of us and, I think, got some food running help from the back of the house which was nice to see. We liked the portabello mushroom 'fries' and the spinach salad was good. Both the Dando Ribs and a side of Mac n' Cheese were good and quite generous portions; one question though, why are the ribs offered KC or Memphis style instead of NC style? for a visitor from MA this felt like a missed opportunity. Since I had ribs in Memphis a few years ago I went for KC which are wet (as described) and good but I'm pretty sure I would have liked the Memphis even more. The Sweet & Spicy green beans were cooked well and had the sweet but lacked the spicy. One thing to be aware of, it wasn't even that busy when we were here but it was pretty loud. I imagine that when it's real busy the wood floors and hard surfaces (we were downstairs, I think they also have an upstairs dining area ) make conversation very difficult.
4	This place is one of my favorites in the city. You can't fail with anything on the menu, and with most items, the portions are plentiful. Their calamari is way way better than it should be-- very fresh and not chewy. Love the lamb lollipops. The fries are high class and irresistible. Mac and cheese is a winner along with the ribs and chicken wings. This place is noisy downstairs in the evenings, but that works fine with the great energy here. Half price wine bottles on Tuesday. Just sayin'.
4	This place and especially our last visit there was nearly perfect.I called in advance to ask about parking (normally we've cabbed it uptown or taken the light rail, but this time we were driving and didn't know if the restaurant validated at a nearby lot, didn't matter, we found street parking right across from the Market) and spoke with a young woman who was pleasant.We decided this time that instead of ordering nine different small plates, we would start with one then order two more and see how we were feeling.  Good call, we were stuffed. All in all the wife and I have been here a bunch and have tried just about everything on the menu and it has all been at the least 8/10 stars for taste and quality, so you really cannot go wrong, just order what sounds good for you at that time.Beer/Wine selection is awesome for me (not so much for the prego wife) always a good list of great beer.The only thing that holds our most recent visit back from a full 5 stars was the crappy attitude the hostess had. Horrible.  When I tell you we want a table, and you indicate we can sit at the bar, and we reply that we don't want to sit at the bar and would prefer to wait, don't give me the stink eye, do your job, walk around the MASSIVE dining room and see where people are at in their dinner service.  Then MAYBE extend some courtesy and say something, I don't know, along the lines of "Well feel free to wait at the bar or right over here and I'll come and get you when a table is ready.."  Or just stare at us uncomfortably for a few moments.Thank the lord above our server more than made up for the inexperience up front, she was quick, funny, and her timing was excellent.Of course we'll be back, just hoping we don't have to deal with negative Nancy up front again.
3	The food is pretty good, nothing spectacular....We had the cheese board and the charcuterie for starters - nothing amazing here, but still good.  The prosciutto crostini and scallops were amazing!  The mussels were over cooked, but the sauce was a hit!  The mac-n-cheese was tasty, we think there was a hint of truffle oil.The ambiance at night is dark and pub-like.  It is a little noisy, but not loud.  This is a great place for meeting friends for an evening out.The wine selection is broad and reasonably priced.  The bar has quite a few taps with good beers and every liquor imaginable.To sum it up, this place is good for a night out with friends who appreciate quality food and good drinks.
4	Want to go to a bar with a younger more upsacle crowd? This is your place.  If prohibition was high school, then you would move on to Dandelion Market  to hit up college parties.  The people here are generally better looking and more mature. The FoodThe food here is awesome.  The calamari is some of the best I had in Charlotte.  One night though, it wasn't done so well.    The mac and cheese is my favorite although some people may find it a little too rich.  I think its perfect.  The lamb lollipops are bomb ass.   Soul has them beat on their lollipops, but they are a close second.  Dandelion's whole menu seems tapasy which is fine and its not overpriced at all.  I think you get a decent amount for what you pay. BarIf you arrive before 10pm during the weekend there is a giant table upstairs that lifts up into the celing to create a dance floor.  The DJ plays a good mix of hip hop, old school, and top 40.  There is great energy in this place. The drinks aren't too bad and their is always a special such as $5 bacardi anything etc.  If its too much upstairs you can always go downstairs for a more relaxing mood. .
5	Everything about this place is great.  Great food, great service and great beer selection.The small plates were excellent and great for sharing.Would definitely recommend to anyone in or traveling to Charlotte.Especially great service from Lyndsey!
4	Charlotte is making a good first impression on this New Yorker, thanks in part to the Dandelion Market.  First dinner in Charlotte = success.Tuesday means $15 bottles of wine, and some of the bottles on that list were a sweeeeet deal for $15. As in I think "I bought that at a wine store for $16 once and now I'm buying it at a restaurant for $15." Drinking a bottle of Seghesio Zin for $15? (even though I wanted the Terra Andina Carmenere than they were out of... wah) Yes, please, thankyouverymuch.Dandelion is all about small plates, so here's a rundown of what our experience consisted of:Portobello Fries = AMAZING. Lightly, lightly, fried sliced portobello caps with housemade ketchup. These had a delicate, awesome flavor; definitely a surprise winner.Zucchini salad = zucchini ribbons lightly dressed in a vinaigrette with cranberries and pine nuts. What could be wrong about that?Black Bean sliders on brioche buns = I found them a bit bland, but my mom loved them. We have very different palettes.Crab Cakes = ding ding ding! (that's the sound of a right answer) These were loaded with crab, not filler, and came with an awesome remoulade sauce. I've had a lot of crab cakes in my day and these stood out.Shrimp and grits = not exactly what I thought it would be, but delicious. Fried grits with spicy smoky shrimp. The two were not totally integrated, but each component was still delicious.Mozzarella and Pesto flatbread = honestly, to me, it tasted like a Trader Joe's frozen pizza (not a bad taste, but still), but, again, my mom looooved it, so... if you're into milder flavors, it's probably a winner for you.My dad got the potato croquettes and sliced steak with chimichurri sauce and fried plantains, which I didn't partake of because of my dirty vegetarian ways, but he loved them. And I could see that the steak was cooked beautifully, so boo on me for not eating it, but if that's your thang, get it yo.Service was friendly, plates were hot and came out speedily, atmosphere was great. If I lived in Charlotte, I would make a habit of the Dandelion Market.
4	This is one of my favorite places uptown.  It could be pretentious, but it's not.  It could be frat-tastic, but it's not.  It's just got the killer combination of being a bar that serves great beer coupled with a kitchen that turns out dynamite food.The beer list is amazing.  They've always got local favorites, but you'll also find some classics from around the way, like Bells.The food stands out as well.  The only dish I've had there that I did not completely devour was the black bean burger sliders.  I highly recommend the seared tuna, which is not only delicious, but pretty substantial for a small plate (most of their menu items are served in tapas-sized portions).Don't miss the second floor, which is like a Viking hall.  It's truly awe inspiring, especially if you can go there in the late afternoon or early evening and enjoy it before it gets too crowded.By all means, go.  Enjoy.
5	Great tapas.
3	Brunch Bloody Mary's. Mimosas.  Nice small portioned tasty food . Not stellar service but Good for a brunch.
4	First time at the DM, in town for a meeting. Smallish but dark and cozy. Sat at the bar and had a couple local brews. Once I got used to the sweet sauce, the lamb lollipops were excellent. Sidy was the most courteous, conscientious bartender I've met in a while. Good food, good drink, great service. Will be back.Finishing the review a couple days on. Still have positive things to say. Enjoyed the food, the bartender was great. Small-ish and dark, but in a good way. Felt comfortable. Would go back for the lamb alone.
4	We went on a Friday for dinner and everything was excellent? The server recommended 3 plates each. We decided to split three which was a wise choice as they were huge! Great service and atmosphere we will definitely be back.
1	Was so upset this past weekend when I found out they fired they're sat night dj!!  This new guy just isn't the same :(  I've never gone for food, just drinks and dancing, so that's all I can judge. I don't anticipate it staying the place to go on a sat night for long though now that the music just isn't there. BRING HIM BACK!!!
4	I came here with a few coworkers for lunch, and was very impressed.We were seated on the second floor which was spacious and had an amazing atmosphere.The dining space reminded me of a combination old west and a medieval festival in Europe. You can see old horse carriage wheels hung on the walls, some wooden barrels, and a knight armor in the corner. Pretty cool! For lunch, I had a parmesan chicken salad sandwich which used a French croissant instead of bread. It was amazing and very fresh. Also their French fries were delicious with very crispy batter! I can wait to be back here on a Friday or Saturday night, I heard the first floor is a pub-type bar, and the second floor turns into a club with live DJ. I will keep you posted!
4	I came to bar hop on a Sat night. Drinks are reasonably priced, fun atmosphere especially at the upstairs bar/dance floor. They had NCAA games on small TVs. I'd recommend going to this bar.
4	I stopped in here with my father for Sunday brunch.  As we walked in the door I immediately felt comfortable, like we had walked into the right place.  The atmosphere is cool and laid back.  I also noticed the nice Bloody Mary bar which was conveniently located right in the middle of the restaurant.  While I did not partake, I most certainly would recommend it for anyone who enjoys Bloody Marys.Our waitress was very nice and attentive, making sure our coffee and water never ran out.  I ordered the veggie benedict which was really excellent.  My dad ordered sausage, eggs, and grits.  The grits were really good and made just the way I like them.  The sausage was in large links rather than patties which was a bit unexpected.  My father did not particularly like the sausage.  I tried it and it was indeed a bit different, but I enjoyed it.This is really a great place and I'm glad I finally got the chance to try it for myself.  All in all really good experience and I look forward to coming back!
4	Great place and reasonable prices.I have been to several "small plates" restaurants and have found most of them to be too trendy for their own good. Over priced and undersized portions. Dandelion Market was the antithesis of that thinking. I started with the Red Pepper Artichoke Dip, it was delicious and the crispy pitas were a perfect pairing. The Shrimp and Grits were flavorful with a nice presentation using fried squares of grits and beautifully prepared shrimp, but I should have opted for the larger portion because it was just that good! I also tried the Lamb Lollipops at the recommendation of a friend. They were cooked to perfection and the addition of cherry to the flavor was delightful. I just hope other diners weren't off-put by my cleaning of the wonderful crisp lamb bones.When the bill came I was astonished, all this food for around $25. This place will definitely be on my list. I need to bring others with me so we can try a wider array of their small plates.
4	It was my anniversary, and I wanted to try somewhere new.  Luckily, I had a Groupon for this place and had been wanting to try it for some time.  The atmosphere was dark and intimate and the food was AMAZING!  Too bad I could barely converse with my partner across the table.We came here on a Tuesday, and it was not terribly busy.  However, there was a large table of about 10 people here, and the noise was deafening.  We started off sitting right next to that table, but luckily we were able to move.  Since the downstairs area is relatively small, we couldn't move that far away.  Even at the new table, it was still pretty loud, but we could actually hear each other talk.  Anyway, that was the only negative.  Now - on with the positive.  They have a great selection of beers there, and on Tuesdays their bottles of wine are only $15!!  We had beer and decided to get four plates between the two of us.  We started off with the calamari, which was a surprisingly big portion for a "small" plate.  The calamari tasted fresh, the batter was light, crispy, and flavorful (almost like a light tempura batter).  This was served with a lemon aoli, which I thought had a great garlic flavor.  I really enjoyed this dishAfter that came pan seared Ahi tuna.  It was perfectly cooked rare, and it tasted like it had never been frozen.  On the side is a wasabi aoli and sweet chili sauce.  Now, I do NOT like horseradish at all, which makes wasabi pretty much a deal breaker if even a little bit comes into contact with my food.  I actually enjoyed the aoli, which had only a hint of wasabi.  The chili sauce was awesomely flavorful and really complemented the aoli.  Very delicious!  The portion size was pretty decent for the price.Next came the lamb lollipops and the autumn gnocchi.  These two items stole the show!  The lamb was very tender, and not overly seasoned.  The cherry sauce served with it was amazing, and it very much complemented the lamb.  Oh, and the gnocchi - HEAVENLY!  The squash was caramelized perfectly, and the dumplings themselves were tender.  The gnocchi was the best I've ever had.  Our server was friendly and attentive as well.  If it had not been so loud in there, I would have enjoyed the atmosphere a little more.  However, I can say that I greatly disliked the chairs there.  I have short legs, and I had to sit on end of the seat so my feet could touch the floor.  Next time I might have to try the plush-looking bar stools.I am definitely coming back here again.  I give the food 5 stars for sure.  Overall, I'd rate it about 4.5 stars total.
4	Duck fat fries are awesome. The torta rustica is good but it has quite a bit of cheese. Service was prompt and friendly.
5	Amazing affordable wholesome food! We loved the grilled steak skewers and prosciutto crostini. Yum!
4	I really liked this place.  I got very good service from everyone from the hostess, to the waitress, to the busboys.  Interesting layout, and a nice space.  I had the Fig bourbon cocktail (which was fair).  I would suggest sticking with beer or wine here.  They offer small plates which are reasonably priced.  I had the Mac n Cheese which was very good.  The Lamb Pops which were delicious - especially the cherry glaze. And the Gnocchi- also very good.  Recommended!
4	My wife and I ate here this past weekend and really enjoyed the food.  They also have a nice selection of beer.   Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
4	I'm not sure what it is with NC and using tons of seafood in their dishes, but I like it.  I got the Carolina Shore omelette and it was stuffed with visible chunks of lump crab, scallop, and prawn.I got the hollandaise on the side, which made it a lot less heavy.  I still couldn't finish it, but I tried to pick out all the seafood.The hash browns are definitely home fries, but they're crispy and tasty so no complaints there.The bread basket options in the beginning are also pretty awesome.  Very impressed with Charlotte's food offerings.
4	Tonight we dined at the Dandelion Market prior to our showing of the Nucracker at Blumenthal Performing Art Center.  The restaurant is perfectly situated for a short walk after eating to attend a show there.  Anyway, we had reservations and the table was ready for us as soon as we walked in the door.  There were 9 of us eating.  We had three young boys with us (7 and 8 year olds) and were told the place was family friendly.  While it was quite a bit noisy in there at least the ends of the tables were able to converse, talking to someone from one end to the other was not an option though.After ordering our drinks we waited a little bit for them to come around but that was really the only serving snafu.  The beer menu is quite good and the pints are priced reasonably well.  We opted to bring our own bottle of wine with us for those drinking that (the corking fee was $20).  All of the bottles are priced at $25 so even that is not too bad. The food we ordered was really good.  The calamari I ordered was a good sharable size with plenty to go around.  we actually ordered two for our table but unfortunately one of our orders was given to another table but we had so much food we really didn't miss it, the waitress was apologetic for the mistake.  We order the pom frites which were really good as well, large baskets of them, we ordered two baskets of these and honestly it was too much even for the 9 of us.  The main courses were equally good.  I had the mussels which I was told was a full pound and I believe it.  My wife ordered the lamb lollipops and she really enjoyed it.  Others in our group said their food was good as well.  All told it was an excellent place.  I will return to try other dishes.  Really the only reason I knocked a star off was because of the serving snafu and the level of noise but it isn't a very big place.  I would certainly recommend checking it out.
4	Very cool, great space, tables well separated. Feels unique, charming, and hip. Excellent music. As for the food, this place offers "small plates" - so it works like tapas. The shrimp and grits were very tasty, and the scallops were particularly delicious, with a pomegranate drizzle. The car bomb cupcake for dessert was also delightful - Guinness chocolate cupcake and an Irish whiskey caramel filling and baileys frosting. For drinks, there's a wonderful bourbon/fig cocktail - makers mark and fig brown sugar simple syrup and an orange twist. Also interesting - all the wines are $25/bottle, and what you don't drink you can take home with you.
4	A local friend brought us here saying it was her favorite. I loved the sophisticated, yet casual atmosphere. The server recommended 3 tapas per person, which would have been waaaaaaaaaaaay too much, so I'm glad our group started with one each, which was plenty with drinks. Each dish was unique and totally yummy.
5	Went back to Dandelion this weekend, and the food was superb yet again. I recommend the steak kabobs, red pepper / artichoke dip, stuffed poblano, and chicken remoulade. I have my heart set on trying the mac and cheese, but that will have to wait til next time!
1	Worst service I have ever experienced. It took two hours plus to get my food. The only good thing was that there is no way to get over served. The food once it came was marginal at best.
5	This was our first time trying Dandelion and we had a wonderful experience.   We were using a living social deal so I was not sure what to expect with the service.  I've been to places before that provided mediocre service because I had a coupon or deal.  This was not the case with Dandelion.  Our waitress (who's name I unfortunately can not remember) walked us through the menu, how the deal worked and provided suggestions on how to make the most of our evening.  The food was incredible and the wine, beer and cocktail menu was extensive.  It was a fantastic night out and I can't say enough about how great of a time we had.
5	Great food! Reasonable price!Ate at the bar because it was packed on a Thursday night at 8!Bartender was very attentive even being busy! Highly recommended
4	I'll do a quick lunch during the week by myself. Catch me devouring their grilled cheese and tomato soup and chase it w an espresso. I'll meet up w a few girl friends for wine and tapas on a Wednesday or Thursday night. We drink red and kvetch about men. Shocker. Once in a blue moon I'll venture Uptown on a Saturday night for someone's bday or other celebration and can usually convince the group to go here for dancing and drinking on the second floor. Affordable, heavy pour, top shelf Vodka drinks and booty shaking music for_the_win. I will say the crowd can veer toward early to mid 20s raucous and may exhibit slappable behavior but that just goes w the territory. Brunch selection and chillax vibe on Sunday has been enjoyed by little dude, myself, and my bro many times. We always enjoy it. If I lived and/or hung out Uptown way more than I do I'd be the Duchess of Dandelion Market. For real. I really like this place.
4	Went for the first time for Sunday brunch and had a fantastic time upstairs!  Although a little chilly, we quickly warmed up with hot coffee and biscuits and cornbread served as soon as we were seated.  The build-your-own Bloody Mary bar was incredibly creative and fun!  We spent two hours with friends just enjoying each other's creations!  The food was awesome (the ham and cheese omelette was melt-in-your-mouth!  Will definitely be going again soon.
4	I went here while on a business trip in Charlotte. I had heard from the locals that they had a good brunch and a bloody mary bar, so I trekked up there on my own on a Sunday afternoon. After debating the menu for a while  I ordered the Prosciutto Benny. I wish I could have ordered like four things because they all looked good, but eventually I went with the Prosciutto based on a Yelp recommendation. I was not disappointed.The ambiance was almost like modern Tavern or bed and breakfast in the city. Very cozy with wooden floors. Not very crowded when I went. Oh.....and while I wasn't able to enjoy the Bloody Mary bar that day it had my mouth watering the whole time. Self-serve style with the toppings and pretty much every topping you can imagine including cold prawns for an extra couple bucks. Drinks looked reasonably priced too.Great place for brunch, especially with a group of friends who like to have a good time. Casual. Be prepared to tap a DD or taxi if you plan on hitting the Bloody Mary bar. Things could get crazy. I hear it turns in to a crowded hot spot on Fridays and Saturdays.
2	Me and my boyfriend went here for brunch over the weekend. We were told that there would be a wait of about 20 min, but we got seated in 10 min. The service is very friendly and efficient.I ordered the Low Country Hash without the eggs, and my boyfriend ordered the Migas. They were both decent after adding some salt and hot sauce... Greasy, but decent. The atmosphere here is a little weird for a brunch place. It's dark and dingy inside, like a bar (which I understand it is), but I like brunch places to be more lit up with natural lighting and larger windows, because, duh, it should brighten you up after a lazy morning! Also, any time someone opened the door to enter or leave, there was a gust of cold air that blew right in, and it was 30F outside! At one point, the hostess held the door open for a good amount of time, for a group of people descending down the stairs. Like, is that chivalry really necessary? And if it is, can't you just open the door for them when they get to it, instead of holding it open while they are 20 feet away as the other diners get frozen to their bones? I believe the second floor might be nicer, but that's not where they seated us so that's that.Also, what kind of a brunch place does not carry anything other than whole milk? No 2%, no skim, not even soy milk!So, overall, my experience was just meh. I don't think I'll go back.
5	The best just keeps getting better.  Somehow in all my trips to Dandelion Market, I'd never been seated upstairs.  That changed this morning at Sunday brunch, and the upstairs room is even cooler than the downstairs room!  Upstairs is huge with tall ceilings, exposed brick, and a full-body knight's armor in the corner.  A long, dark wood table fills the middle and was hosting a small party this morning, and booths and tables line the perimeter.  The bar was long and inviting, and the bar stools looked super cushy and comfortable.  As always the food was delicious, and the eggs are still massive!  I can't wait to go back for a drink and sit at the upstairs bar.
4	I can't believe how long it took for me to check out Dandelion Market! That all changed this past Saturday night, though.I had some friends in town & we wanted to eat before heading to the Bobcats game. It was busy for a Saturday, even at 6 PM. We were able to grab a table upstairs, big enough for the 6 of us.  We had a really nice waitress, who was gracious enough to help us out with our time constraint (the game started at 7 PM).One of my friend's & I decided to share our meal...we got the mac 'n cheese, meatballs, tuna, wings, fried pickles, & the southern caprise salad. Everything we had was perfect & had an interesting spin. My favorite would have to be the fried pickles. The lightly battered pickles were spicy & delicious. The mac 'n cheese was my second favorite, even though they used the spiral noodles. It was creamy! The layout is pretty spacious & can accommodate big groups - there was a huge birthday party going on i(n the more open space) & we didn't feel crampt. The menu - food & drinks - is really expansive, so you're sure to find plenty of things to suit your palate. Prices are reasonable, as well.I'll definitely be back!
4	I found this place accidentally.  I was looking for a place for lunch and headed down a street filled with neon signs. A lot of people spilled out the door so I decided to give it a try. I sat at the bar. I ordered a Pelligrino orange and a seared ahi salad.  Steven the bartender is personable and polite.  I'm looking forward to my meal. The drink was nice and fizzy & it was served in a wine glass with a slice of fresh orange. The salad had a good portion of seared tuna & some nice greens. It was hearty & quick. I will go there again. (2/28/2013)
3	Okay, to be totally fair, I would give this place another half star if Yelp let me. Also, I've been to as many gastropubs in California as my waistline will allow, so I don't mean to discourage the fledgling gastropub scene here in Charlotte. But, I can't help but compare.The good:The bartenders on the first floor are always *phenomenal* and the mixed cocktails they serve are innovative and well-crafted. Absolutely try the fig cocktail, which is a great unisex drink: fairly sweet for the girls, but full-bodied and not overly sugary for the guys. Atmosphere is warm and inviting.Some of the plates are out of this world: standard pub fare like chicken wings have that extra zip from whatever seasoning they use. Also, you MUST try the ribs and the sausage-stuffed pepper. Foodie heaven. Lamb lollipops are also wonderful.The bad:The food is not as well-thought-out as it should be, considering this place's fame and what they're trying to accomplish. The bruschetta is only toasted on one side, making it soft on the top of your tongue, but hard and crunchy on the top of your palette. The black bean sliders should be delicious, but the rather bready and unremarkable buns they serve them on are very distracting to the taste buds.Full service is slow and the servers are not very knowledgeable about the food that's being ordered. I know that good help can be hard to find, but Dandelion Market needs to step up the game with its waitstaff if it wants to have the best gastropub in town. Also, having to wait a long time for your food is silly in a place like this. You have one of the most popular joints in town, put more people in the kitchen!
4	I'm completely shocked when I walk into this place and compared that to the pretty plated foods. Reading the previous reviews, it does look like a pub of some sort but the foods offered comes out soo pretty. I had to sent back their cucumber mint mojitos. Since its 4pm in the afternoon, and being my 1st for the day. I figure I'll stick with the more water down mojitos. They do liquor up their drinks. I was buzz half way thru. My friend Tiff ordered the burger sliders, red pepper/artichoke dip and the Brussels spouts. I ordered the baked potato croquettes and the grilled chicken wings. The red pepper/-artichoke dip is a little salty for me. The crispy pita are very good tho. The Brussels spouts are delicious. I'm getting that agin next time. The baked potato croquettes are a little bland. You definitely need the scallion cream that comes with it. The grilled chicken wings are bad ass. I can definitely taste the chipotle brown sugar rub. Finish with the ranch dipping sauce provided. Amanda our waitress/bartender are the sweetest thing.. She's tentative, laugh at our jokes even tho it's not that funny and she's on point.. I have to get over the decor because it look a little gloomy that day I came in but I can definitely overcome that when the food are pretty, good and customer service are great.
4	Dandelion is one of my favorite places to go in Charlotte if I'm hungry, but not too hungry. The atmosphere and food are both fantastic, especially if you're on a first or second date. They have bottles of wine all for $25 bucks, get out of town that's amazing, especially if you don't know much about wine and you're trying to impress a lady.I don't feel like Dandelion needs more people singing it's praises, but last night I went and got the green beans.... wow, just wow. Never has such a simple food made me crave it the way Dandelion makes me crave it's green beans. They knocked that one out of the park.
4	This is one of my favorite lunch spots in CLT. The ambiance is a bit odd - it kind of feels like you're walking into a leftover vegetarian joint from the 60s, but overlook the looks. The food is fab! My favorite thing there is the tomato soup and grilled cheese. I know, it sounds simple, but it's hard to do simple right. The grilled cheese is on thick bread, buttery and cheesy and yummy. The soup is perfection, hearty, tangy and rich. On a cold rainy day, there's nothing better.The salads are great. Big, filling and the dressings all taste homemade. If you are looking for something different, the black bean sliders have just the right amount of spice to make you crave them. The service can be spotty, but that seems to be a trend in uptown. Go, try Dandelion!
5	This place is awesome.The atmosphere is unassuming but the food is not. I had several plates from cheese to lamb with candied cherrys and even a carrot cake and even some scallops to top my night off. Amazing food - decent prices and a relaxed atmosphere make this a new place in Charlotte that's near the top of my list.
4	Baked potatoes croquettes, simple and delicious. Pizza flatbread, lol, just a pizza, was ok. Grilled flat iron strip steak, not tough and great flavor, Italian sausage stuffed Pompano pepper, my favorite dish of all the ones we tried. Again, simple and very good. Our server Rachel was friendly and attentive.
4	We had a few locals recommend this place and boy I'm glad they did! This place is similar to a Spanish tapas bar but no Spanish food :) We ordered the calamari, fried pickles, portobello fries, hot wings, and cheeseburger sliders. All were amazing! The calamari was probably the biggest dish and the best small plate to share with four people. But, overall all the plates had plenty of tastings for all. The smallest portion was the sliders there were only two small sliders. For dessert we had the Carmel Brownie and the Key Lime Cheesecake, both were delicious! The service was great and the location was perfect! Near uptown Charlotte where all the bars are located.
3	Went here for an office event about a month ago.  Service was really great, food was pretty good and ambiance was fine for this type of group event. We initially sat at the communal table on the second floor but ended up migrating to the area under the stairs as it allowed us to network. The servers were very flexible and kept the drinks flowing. The food was great - simple pub fare but overall well done. Loved the eggplant option, hummus, calamari, wings, and other dishes to share.
5	I tried Dandelion Market my first visit to Charlotte. When I moved here it was a place that I could not wait to try again. I have yet to eat something I didn't like. This is a great place to check out with one person you are close with. From what I can tell, the dishes usually have two servings. Great for sharing..... if you aren't in a large group. The atmosphere is a little odd. There is dim lighting the made me think "fancy" but the back of the dining room is "sports bar." But with great food and a great beer selection, that didn't bother me.
5	I ate here twice in one weekend and now, I don't want to go anywhere else. The service and the food are great. My favorite is the Bloody Mary bar on the weekends.  They set the bar up downstairs, give you your vodka and let you make your own. They have everything you will need for the perfect Bloody Mary. The music that they play is also great. I am always a fan of establishments that don't play mainstream music. I thoroughly enjoy myself here.
1	Becoming a bar with a dance floor upstairs, this place has severely discriminatory and homosexist policies. Because I am a male, I was charged a separate entrance fee as my female counterparts. After calling the policy homosexist and discriminatory, I was told to leave and told I was "being an asshole" by both the bouncer and doorwoman. Nothing special with this bar unless your scene is discriminatory homosexism. Avoid!
4	The website makes this place appear a lot larger than it actually is - at least on the first floor. My friend called and asked if we needed reservations she was told no but when we got there we had about a 10 min wait for a table . I'm learning to just make reservations whenever I go out to any semi popular restaurant in Charlotte even the chain restaurants. We were seated near the bar and brought water and shot glasses ... like seriously I guess the water "glasses" go with the ambiance but they were literally the size of a large shot glass... Since  I would have looked like an idiot putting a straw into a shot glass I decided on a glass of white wine...  I prefer to drink my nonalcoholic beverages with a straw .. alcohol kills germs right ....I'm a huge fan of tapas or small plates because I get to sample pretty much everything, I'm not into the whole sharing thing so I ordered 3 small plates for myself.  I tried the spinach and goat cheese salad .. wow this was pretty good so simple yet so good. They gave a generous amount of spinach with pine nuts, and a scoop of goat cheese on top. Next I had the grilled lamb lollipops so yummy they were also covered in the same vinaigrette as my salad , and finally the sliders  - basically a cheese burger with some fancy bacon . Both the chops and sliders only had two servings so unless it's just two people I would either order two or get something else if you're planning on sharing with a group.Overall the food was pretty good my friends tried the calamari, and the shrimp and grits ... and whoa who knew that you could fry grits  into the shape of little cubes.. They had an interesting taste but a strange presentation at least to me. I'm not a big fan of shrimp and grits but my friend said they were delicious (only two shrimps tho...)I'm not sure what's upstairs I'm hoping more tables b/c there isn't a lot of room downstairs and it's super dark in there. I like this place and would be interested in coming back from brunch . Parking - I parked in the deck over on 6th street I think there is another deck down 5th maybe .. but the walk from the 6th street deck (5 bucks) wasn't bad.
2	Who is giving this 4 stars? Food was worst ever. We had meatball tapa that tasted like they bought them from Costco and dumped prego on top, really bad. Then they served us 2 uncooked Brussels sprout tapas in a row that were completely uncooked.  We also has scallops that were sandy and under cooked.Good service but but poor food that I would expect to find at Applebee's.
5	This is an absolute must stop if you are out and about in Charlotte.  The beer selection is expansive, the menu is diverse and tasty and the service is always quite good.  I will be back.
4	Dropped in for lunch today and had a delicious meal.I ordered the boss sandwich, fries (per our server's recommendation) and a soda.The sandwich was delicious, had a great flavor too it and the dressing was awesome. The bread was fresh and better that what I'm used to. And it was a nice, big portion. The fries were equally addictive and needless to say I had people picking them off my plate.The service was great and the decor is cool. I could definitely see myself coming back for dinner or for a few beers. The prices weren't bad either.My only complaint is that we didn't come for dinner. From the looks of the dinner menu they have even better options at dinner time. We'll definitely come back.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Food is always on point and I love the deal on bottles of wine.  Great atmosphere and location!
4	Went to this place for a late dinner and the $15 bottles of wine on Tuesdays.The food was absolutely amazing. The small plates are the perfect size to try a few things. The scallops and lamb were the best that I have had in a long time. The service was great as well. Our waitress gave great recommendations and was extremely friendly. I would recommend this spot to anyone passing through Charlotte.
4	Nice ambiance. Lovely restaurant in the nook of west 5th street.Place - Upon entering the establishment, it has that nice english pub feel, that is inviting with a rack of wooden shoe stretchers on the right hand side. I believe there is another floor of the restaurant.Food - The fries were delicious! I had ordered a pizza mushroom bread - which I wished I did not order.  The dinner menu looked awesome! Wished we came by for dinner instead, since the lunch menu was a "meh" to me. Service - The waiter was nice and attentive.  We were able to get seated right away, since we came early - 12:30am, on a Friday - yay us!Price - It was somewhat pricey, but managable.  Future - I will definitely be back for dinner and try out their scallops.
4	The atmosphere was great and I thought the decorations and ambiance of the place were gorgeous. We went for dinner and the food was a little overpriced, but it was in downtown so one might expect that. The prices are on their online menu. There were many different plates to choose from to satisfy anyone. The food itself was very good. I had fried pickles (very good) and the mustard ale cheddar sliders. The only thing I didn't like much about the sliders was that the bread and burger were slightly dry but the overall taste was good. My companion had the market macaroni and cheese and baked potato croquettes and enjoyed both. The horsey aioli served with the fried pickles was amazing. The service was slow but the food came out fairly quickly. The waitress was friendly and got everything we needed, it just took awhile. It was quite loud but not enough to make me want to leave. Overall, I would go back. I enjoyed the food and atmosphere very much. I am not of drinking age, but they had a large selection of alcohol for those who are. I didn't end up ordering it, but dessert is offered of you ask the waitress what they have. I'd say give this place a try!One thing I thought was really neat that I have never seen before was the option of getting one of everything on the menu if you have a large group. It was $275 I believe and would be a lot of food as the dinner menu is pretty big. So if you have a large group and want to pass around and try everything, the option is there. I would probably call ahead for that anyway though. This is on the bottom of the menu but I haven't done this myself.
4	I give this place 4 stars mainly because of the atmosphere. We sat upstairs at this huge wooden table, it was so cool. The lighting is very dim and it was a little loud, but not too bad. I really enjoyed it. The food was good, but not great. My 2 favorite items we tried were the fried pickles and the schezuan green beans. It's a fun place for a group for sure that way you can get several things and share them!
3	I love a tapas place as I often travel alone and these places allow me to add more variety to my meal. I was in the Queen City on business and my Yelp Mobile App led me here.  I liked this place enough to visit more than once. This place has a nice dark pub atmosphere.  It was so dark that I actually needed to use the flashlight on my phone a time or two to see the menu.  To me the emphasis seems to be on the bar as opposed to the restaurant.  The tables actually look uncomfortable.One of my visits was on a Monday night and $3 drafts were featured.  Every brew was #3 and that means about twenty taps.  That's a great deal and at 7:30 the place was packed.  The beer list is decent and well thought out.  It's not Flying Saucer crazy big but it's broad enough to satisfy most beer folks.  They also have a short list of specialty cocktails that they execute beautifully. The Cucumber Mint Mojito was excellent.By the way, the bartenders here are excellent and customer service was never a problem.The first tapa I ordered was the BAKED POTATO CROQUETTES - $6 that came with aged cheddar, Beeler's bacon and scallion cream. They arrived quickly and were plated beautifully.  They were good but not great.  None of the flavors had enough intensity to really tingle my taste buds.  They are missing something and the chef needs to think that through.Next up was SAUSAGE STUFFED POBLANO PEPPER - $8 with Italian sausage, cheese, and house made crema.  Now this was more like it.  This dish was bursting with flavors that melded together perfectly.  I enjoyed every morsel.Finally, on another visit, I tried the MUSTARD ALE CHEDDAR SLIDERS - $9 with Beeler's bacon and  l&t.  What was inside the bun was one of the best sliders I have ever tasted.  It was juicy, perfectly seasoned deliciousness.  Unfortunately the bun spoiled what could have been an amazing plate.  First it was cold which is totally unacceptable and second it was slightly dry.  What a shame. The bun should have been fresh and grilled.  One again this was a miss by the chef.I want to love this place and it has a lot going for it. The atmosphere and the beers are right on.  The menu looks fantastic but the execution was flawed with two dishes I tried.  It's time for some attention to detail.  I can sense greatness but we're not quite there yet.
4	Love eating tapas, I get bored with a huge plate full of the same thing.  We liked everything we had, but especially the shrimp and grits and mac and cheese.  But for me its the perfect combo of atmosphere and food.  Cool, laid back and dark for a night out, and the upstairs turns into a dance floor on weekends.  Love it!
4	Had lunch with a coworker, and thoroughly enjoy ourselves.  Atmosphere is right up my alley - upscale without being pretentious, some worn surfaces here and there, and coolly casual.  Food was creative, fresh, and flavorful - I had the grilled cheese with tomato and prosciutto, which was crunchy, chewy, sweet, and salty.  Can't wait to go back and try the dinner menu and have a few drinks.
5	I love this place! If I could give it more stars, I would! Awesome food and drinks. The ambiance is excellent and cool wall art!
1	After reading all of the positive reviews about Dandelion Market on Yelp and seeing it busy every time we walked by the establishment, we finally decided to give it a try this past Saturday night.  Knowing that it's seemingly always busy on weekend nights, I called about a reservation.  Sadly, they didn't take any for parties under 8.  We decided to give it a shot and wait.  We showed up Saturday around 7:30.  I was surprised and happy to see that there was nobody waiting for a table by the hostess stand.  I informed one of the two hostesses there that we wanted a table for two.  She told me it was an hour to and hour and a half wait.  I looked around.  Yes, all of the tables were full...but there was nobody waiting for one either.  She then informed me that there was a bar area upstairs and we could sit up there if we wanted to.  I wasn't aware there was an upstairs at that point, but I was grateful for the additional seating.  We walked upstairs and found another large room with a long bar and a lot of additional tables.  The first thing we both noticed was how incredibly sticky the floor was.  It was like hundreds of sloppy drunk people spilled their drinks and nobody bothered to clean it up.  It reminded both of us of our college days, but that was for the small local bars when you don't care about cleanliness and are just out for a good time.  The bar only had random single seats, no two seats together.  There were two empty tables off to the side in the corner.  They weren't great, had awful lighting, and didn't provide much atmosphere as the rest of the (sticky) room.  Since it was our only option, we decided to sit in one.  Not long after, we were approached by a server informing us that we had to put our name on the waiting list for that table.  Interesting, since the hostess informed us that we could sit "in the bar area upstairs" if there were open seats.  And, if these were open tables, why wasn't anybody on the hour-to-an-hour-and-a-half waiting list being seated in them?  Attitudes from both the hostess and a server?  Sticky, unclean floors?  An hour and a half wait for...what?  That was enough for us.  The pretension was astounding.  We walked downstairs, passed three girls at the hostess doing nothing, and proceeded right out the door.  Nobody said anything to us, and they certainly didn't want to hear what I had to say.Yes, my review is not about the food at the Dandelion Market, but it IS about the cleanliness and customer service, two qualities that I find very important in restaurants, both of which greatly affect my experience...and I thought you should know, too.  I guess Dandelion Market didn't want my money that evening, so I dropped $100 for the two of us elsewhere and we had a great dining experience.
4	Wandered into the Dandelion after a long flight from Seattle to Charlotte, and was pleasantly surprised by the place.  Looks like most other Irish (or pseudo-Irish) bars, but the gent behind the bar had a rather authentic accent, which is usually a decent sign of things to come.  I had wandered in during happy hour, which I discovered is an excellent time to join the festivities, since they have $3 drafts - any beer.  I tried a local Amber by Birdsong, then a traditional Belgian dark/sour called Klokke Roeland.  Both beers were great buys for the price.  As to food, I ordered fried pickles (being in the South, that's a must), some fries, and their Mustard Ale Cheddar sliders.  The servings were GIGANTIC - definitely not what I had expected from a tapas menu, and could easily have served three people, not just one or two.  The fried pickles were pretty good, but the dipping sauce made up for the lack of "dilliness" that I like in my pickles.  The fries were amazing, but I couldn't even make a dent in the serving.  But the sliders.  Oh.  My.  God.  The bacon on them was awesome, they weren't over-cheesed like so many burgers can be, and the meat on them was so juicy.  Plus, they were HUGE...I managed to down one and a half, which is why I couldn't dent the fries.  Walked out with a bill under $30, which is rare when traveling and heading out for a dinner on the town.  Would highly recommend the place for anyone looking for tapas-plus.
5	I love a great tapas restaurant and this is my favorite in Uptown! The atmosphere/ambiance is great and I enjoyed the service. The first time my husband and I went we got the beer sampler and for tapas we shared the trio of spreads (hummus is delish!), pan seared ahi tuna, and market meatballs. Oh and I'm pretty sure I threw in the market mac and cheese for good measure! I will admit that I went late night with a few friends and got a cured pepperoni flatbread and it wasn't very good at all. I am still going to give this place a 5 due to all of the other amazing dishes/experiences I've had. Too bad I don't live closer to the city so I can enjoy it more often.
5	It takes a lot to make an entire group of people happy. You know what I'm talking about here. We all have that friend that can find a reason to complain about something. Yet, every time I go here... my crew is always happy top to bottom.I have taken part in many a birthday, engagement party and even baby shower at Dandelion Market. Anything from 4 people to more than 30. The most recent: a going away party for a friend. We had a group of about 15 people... many who are very demanding and do not understand the science of service industry. You know the type... they run you to death. Our server was phenomenal. That's the way it is every time.I could write a novel on service. I'm impressed with each visit. Let's move on to food. I have had a little bit of everything on the menu. No complaints about any of it. Some better than others. Here are my pics: Grilled Lamb Lollipops, Sausage Stuffed Poblano Pepper (I get this EVERY time), Southern Caprese, Sweet & Spicy Green Beans, Brussel Sprouts and the Butter Sauteed Sea Scallops. The brunch menu is also pretty good. Bonus: Dando does a Bloody Mary bar.Great beer selection. Good bartenders. A lot of different specials throughout the week. The place is packed on weekend nights.That's Pretty Neat #1: the big wooden table upstairs is attached to a chain-conveyor type contraption. They pull it up to the ceiling after the dinner crowd. Pretty cool to watch.That's Pretty Neat #2: you can order the entire market menu for $275. I haven't had a chance to do this yet, but I think it's such a great concept for a large group.Dandelion is brought to you by the same bar masterminds behind Connolly's, Tyber Creek and Prohibition. Consistency and quality employees are the reasons behind all their success. Keep up the good work guys. Cheers!
3	This is my first time trying a tapas restaurant. It wasn't bad nor was it great. I ordered the fried pickles, meatballs, and green beans. The fried pickles were a little tooooo greasy. The meatballs were soooo dry. But the green beans were yummy. I didn't know why the meatballs were so dry. I really had to use a knife to cut them. The sauce on it was really sour. It was ok overall. Glad I tried it out while I was traveling for work.
5	This is my favorite go to place in uptown. The portobello fries are amazing. They have a great beer selection.
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! Came here for the first time today for brunch. We don't come to Charlotte much, but stopping here will be a must from now on!  I had (the world's best) grilled cheese and tomato soup while my hubby had the Monte Carlo. Both were superb! A cozy little restaurant.... Not too crowded, with just the right vibe. Will definitely return! :)
2	Nothing special. Food was over cooked. Wouldn't recommend any omelette. Only reason they get 2 stars is because service was good and they comped my omelette off. Went to 5 church and everything was better. $10 bottomless sangrias and $12 bottomless mimosas at 5 church.
4	This was a great find, thanks to a local waitress from Mac's Speedway. Monday happened to be having $3 beer specials, which never hurts for 4 guys. They typically recommend 2-3 plates per person, depending on which you order.  We ended up getting a mix of 12 total, which turned out to be great.Prosciutto Crostini....amazing!Spinach & Goat cheese salad.....needed some greens in our diet, but tastySurf & Turf...scallops and pulled pork were both very flavorful, great dishSalmon cakes.....another tasty dishCrab cakes....I thought these were better than the salmon cakes, great flavorSliders....sliders with bacon? enough said, deliciousRibs....wet ribs with a nice amount of meat on each, solid dishStuffed Poblano Pepper...might have been my favorite dish of the night and very fillingMac & Cheese...very creamy and you get that hint of smoked pepperI am drawing a blank of the last few, but I think we doubled up on 1 or 2 of the ones I mentioned.Service was also good and the waiter was helpful in recommending dishes.
4	Was in Charlotte for a conference and decided to try a tapas style dining experience. Dandelion market far exceeded my expectations for new american style food. Went on a Wednesday evening - no wait or reservation needed at normal dining hours. Atmosphere was a bit dark, but then again, I believe this doubles as a night scene/bar so that is acceptable. I want to start the discourse on food by saying the waitress we had was outstanding!!! She was knowledgeable about the menu, was able to provide good suggestions from personal experience and was attentive to the table's needs. The food was excellent and some dishes were very unique (I like trying new things). Will return if I'm in Charlotte again.
3	Tapas were OK but a little expensive for the quality.  The atmosphere was bar-like but fun.  The best part and worth a trip alone: the brownie & ice cream with salted caramel.  I'll be back but just for dessert and an Irish coffee.
3	Went here with a girlfriend for dinner. Being from out of town, I had called ahead of time to see about making reservations for a Saturday night at 7:30. I was told they only made reservations for large parties but that I should have no problem getting in at that time. So when I was told upon arriving that it would be an hour wait, I was a little disappointed. The hostess was very unapologetic about it and in fact, seemed like she was having a bad night. We tried to wait around the bar area but we really felt like we were in the way. Also felt like we were the oldest people in the place- we are in our early 50's. This is definitely a younger crowd place. It was so noisy- one girl was so loud, you literally could not hear anyone else. One of the hostesses came to get us and told us our table was ready. As she began to seat us, at a table for 6- with 6 menus- I realized she might be confused. Sure enough, she apologized and told us this was not our table. We had to stand around some more. When the party of 6 did not show up, the pulled the table apart and seated us again. When my friend tried to thank the hostess, she said rudely, "I need your beeper"- which I had already given to the other hostess. But the food saved the day! We tried the shrimp bruschetta- it was the best dish of the night. Aldo had the trio of hummus, red pepper spread and delicious pimento cheese with warm pita bread. The crab and avocado salad was good but needed a little more seasoning. We also had the gnocchi with winter vegetables and the black bean burger. The gnocchi were cut a little too large for my liking and didn't care for the black bean burger. It was heavy and dry. Not sure I would go back for just a party of two. the food was great but the hostess should be ashamed of herself. You are in customer service, girl. Shame on you.
5	Great food, great drinks and even has Groupons occasionally. Weekends after 10 the upstairs turns into a dance floor.
5	This place is awesome. I was traveling through, killing time here before a flight out of CLT and the staff was SO nice. They let me keep my luggage safe up front. Zye, the bartender made me feel welcome, as did the doorman bry. If you're ever stuck in downtown charlotte come here and people will take very good care of you. Stupendous beer selection.
4	Visited this little gem back in Sept. We found it from YELP reviews. This place was just what we were looking for small plates bursting with flavor. It is quite dark so if you go at night sit by a light to see the menu. Give it a try you may like it!
4	I have been to Dandelion several times and really enjoy it! Lunch and dinner menus are completely different. Lunch offerings are simple and fairly limited. For the first time I got the wild mushroom flatbread and simple salad. Well they aren't kidding when they say simple salad! It literally is a plate of mixed greens and that's it! The balsamic vinaigrette is creamy (how of they do that) and delicious! My flatbread was delicious, cheesy and perfectly cooked! But I have to admit I was disappointed as all it had on there were sliced button mushrooms. I do not consider those wild mushrooms! Regardless it was tasty!Dinner is always a treat as they offer a huge tapas menu! Can't wait to go back for dinner!
5	This is a review for brunch only. It was excellent! I had the migas and a side of grits and both were pretty good. You can't get *real* migas outside of Austin, in my opinion, but these weren't a bad substitute. My wife's eggs benny looked pretty delicious, too. I really like the vibe of the place, too, especially the music selection. Not too hard to get there from North Meck on a Sunday morning, either! We'll be back for sure.
5	Loved this little place when we were last in Charlotte.  We grabbed an early dinner of small plates while we were walking through the Fourth Ward.  Everything we ordered was delicious, and our server was knowledgeable and friendly.  I'll definitely make a point to come back.Although we loved everything, here's a breakdown on each dish:The Southern Caprese = heavenly.  CC said this mozzarella is what all mozzarella wishes it could be.  This unique twist on a caprese is what every caprese wishes it could be.Tuna Tartare - succulent tuna, with a nice biteSauteed Scallops - perfectly cooked, tender.  The macadamia nuts make a nice variation of texture.Prosciutto Crostini - the flavors blended together perfectlyMac n' cheese - delicious, smoky flavor.  However, with how out-of-this-world most of the other dishes were, it falls a little lower on my list.
4	I really love this place. I've been here three times now- for dinner tapas, lunch with a girl friend and also for Sunday brunch. It's in my neighborhood and has a wide variety of things to choose from- we got a ton of small plates to choose from (caprese to salmon cakes to brussel sprouts) when we came for dinner, which was perfect for two people to share. Shortly after I met a friend for lunch, where we both got grilled cheese and tomato soup- so great for these unseasonably cold winter days.So brunch is interesting- it's served until 3 and all their specialty items look amazing. I settled on the hash and my BF got the migas. I loved my hash- full of potatoes, andouille sausage and okra- spiced to perfection and not too filling. The migas were pretty eggy though- definitely could have used more fillings and less egg. I also noticed a bloody mary bar (we just got coffee), which is also a cute brunch touch.
5	This is one of my favorite places! I love the Southern Caprese and the Gingerbread Martini! Actually I love everything I have tried here! I want to go for brunch! Love getting a seat by the window too. Cool atmosphere and good service!
4	Ambiance: fun but a little dark. I was very happy that they placed us next to a window so that the sun could filter in.Wild Mushroom Pizza was a bit of a disappointment as the mushrooms appeared the standard grocery store variety.
5	I love this place! It's laid back and equally comfortable for eating or drinking regardless of the hour and the setting appeals to everyone from the younger banking crowd to country-looking people. It's one of the few places that you'll feel comfortable dressed really nicely or very modestly. I can't comment on their food because I've never tried it and the drink specials aren't usually too cheap but it IS uptown after all
2	I feel bad going with 2 stars. I feel like an angry patron or competing restaurant who is just vengeful. But I'm not, really I'm not. I'm a weary traveler. You see, I very much enjoyed my experience, but I was underwhelmed by everything but the beer (can't go wrong with a Two Hearted). The brussel sprouts were undercooked and under seasoned (coming from someone who uses very little salt).My entree was the "surf & turf" of pulled pork and scallops; namely: two crustaceans and a little pile of pulled pork beneath. I admit it: I was intrigued by the menu description; but was let down like prom night. Scallops (like the brussel sprouts) were undercooked (and I eat sushi so don't even think I'm not not fond of raw fish).  The pork was the highlight I guess, but it was literally 4 fork-fulls. The service was fine and the prices were ok. Overall, not deserving of high praise. Oh and $3 draft Mondays would be the only reason I return.
4	Fantastic!  We were only in Charlotte for 24 hours and were so glad we chose to eat here!  It was a sleepy Sunday night, but the bartender was super helpful with suggestions for beer and plates.  After we ate, I wanted to kiss the chef.  It was that good.  The staff was excellent and very accommodating.We started with the spinach, dried cranberry, pine nut and goat cheese salad, it was plenty for two, but because I'm a big fan of goat cheese, I would have liked more of it on top.  Next we had the Shrimp & Grits...Whoa.  Tasty buggers that pack some heat, but combined with the yummy cheesy grits cakes and roasted red pepper sauce, it was a great combo.  We had to order two more grit cakes, they were that addictive.Next came my personal favorite, the lamb lollipops with greens and cherry sauce.  That is a "wanna slap yo momma" food!  Stupendous dish!  Next up was the Flat iron steak with mushrooms and onion straws! which was my dining companion's favorite of the night.  It was tender, flavorful and rich.I was super full, but we ordered the Car Bomb Cupcake.  I wouldn't get it again.  The frosting was grainy, the cake a little dry and it was a disappointment.  It didn't evoke the classic car bomb flavors.Parking is on the street where you can find it, free on weekends, or there is a garage nearby.  I would definitely go back if I was in town.
3	We usually come here for Sunday Brunch. Most of the times the food and service is pretty good. This time however the service was terrible and our food was cold and biscuits were burnt and hard. We sat for 5 minutes without a place setting and nothing to eat our food with.
3	Cool place - serves a young and hip crowd.  Lots of small groups. Good and friendly service. So-so food.  We had five dishes to share.  Green beans, ahi tuna, sliders, caprese salad, and prosciutto.  Nothing stood out. Ahi tuna was the best and sliders was weakest (beef had funny flavor but dish looked appetizing).  Would go back with a group as atmosphere was fun.
5	I love Dandelion!!! This is one of my absolute favorites in Charlotte.  From beer selection to the fantastic menu, it's always on my go to list!  Not to mention the wonderful staff and management are always eager to help.  Love this place!
1	I have been here a few times over the years. Loved the place the first few times. Then, on my second to last visit, I was completely let down. All the more creative items had gone from their menu that I had continued to come back for. I tried some other less evoking things and was dissappointed. The prices were way too high for the ho hum I was served. On my last visit, the give them one more shot time? The food was a complete let down, the service was lackluster at best, our table was dirty, and (upstairs) it was so loud that it was nearly impossible to hear ourselves think (let alone converse). I have since adopted a new favorite place in Charlotte with amazing food, outstanding decor, impeccable service, and a wine list to envy. I will not be back to Dandelion. I had such high hopes. Alas, it was not meant to be.
4	Great lunch spot. The best grilled cheese in charlotte. Love the tapas menu and the tea options.Very low key style and priced to please. Good lunch for around ten bucks and great service.Note: I recently emailed them about an incident I read about online and they replied with a very satisfactory statement and explanation.
1	We had brunch at this location, My wife can't remember what she had, only that she wasn't too impressed with it. I had the Low Country Hash, which didn't taste bad but was a heavy as a ton of bricks. Service was not too bad but a bit slow and inexperienced both - kids. I used the Bloody Mary bar, I don't find it "creative" I'd much rather have a competent bartender make my drinks. I get the impression that their target market is not a dining crowd but young singles in search of booze and loud music  - not for me.
5	When I take clients or family out, I take them to Dandelion Market.  The goat cheese salad is incredible and the rack of lollipop lamb is spectacular - always cooked to perfection.  The staff are friendly, attentive, courteous and go out of their way to make guests feel welcome. I have eaten at Dandelion at least twenty times and have had a great experience every time. Friends from Mexico are coming to visit for Easter so I look forward to taking them there. In the meantime I'll be stopping in over St. Patrick's Day weekend for sure.
4	We came here this morning for brunch with friends.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere, which was quaint. It reminded me of a pub with exposed brick walls, dark wood floors and Palladian windows.  Our waitress was Jasmine and she was very friendly with a sunny disposition.  One of my pet peeves is when I go to a restaurant, order coffee and the server never comes back to refill it.  Jasmine was attentive and brought us more coffee whenever she saw we were running low.  She also didn't rush us out of the restaurant when we were done eating, which was nice as it was the last stop we made before heading home. At the end of the meal she asked us if we had ever come to Dandelion Market for dinner. When we told her we hadn't she told us about what type of food is served and how great it was. She seemed so genuine that it makes me want to come back and try it.Overall the food was good. They made slight changes to old favorites, which makes breakfast more interesting. The french toast sticks were a little overcooked and the hollandaise sauce on the crab cake benny was a little too lemony but overall we were happy.
5	fun place to hang out with friends during the weekend!have yet to try the food
5	I would eat here everyday if I could! A great place to share some small plates with friends and they also have a decent beer selection. Fried pickles are on point!  Perfect atmosphere and always great service. I would recommend this place to anyone. I always take family and friends here when they're in town.
4	The fried beet falafel was by far the best falafel I had ever tasted. Grilled chicken wings were also delicious. I wasn't really sure if we had a designated waitress, as two different servers kept checking in with us. Both servers were very friendly and attentive.
4	Decided to come here after passing it on my way to 5Church. Glad I decided to stop by instead.Ordered:-Dando Crab Cakes: 4/5. Typical crab cakes, cooked well, flavorful sauce. 2x cakes served on a bed of leafy greens. -Grilled Lamb Lollipops: 3.5/5. The lamb lollipops themselves were great, but I was not a huge fan of the sweet, black cherry based jus they were served on.-Surf and Turf: 5/5. Fantastic and definitely my favorite dish of the night. Tender scallops and perfectly cooked pork belly on an absolutely flavorful bed of sauce and pesto. -Sweet and Spicy Green Beans: 3.5/5. Fairly typical green beans served with a sweet, and very mildly spicy sauce. I would definitely come back in the future. Great selection of beer too.
4	We only had time for one dinner in Charlotte and decided on Dandelion Market, as it was close to our hotel and, unfortunately for us, it was pouring the night we went!  We ordered a variety of tapas:  spinach & goat cheese salad (good, but one small sliver of goat cheese?), calamari (it was just OK), ribs (very good), brussel sprouts (really good), shrimp and grits (very good) and the beef sliders (excellent).  I would put the sprouts and sliders at the top of the list.  Ordered a bottle of cabernet.  I realize I shouldn't complain, as all their bottles are only $25, but the wine was just OK...I think it was called The Show & we found it to be a bit on the sweet side.  For dessert we split a brownie w/caramel & ice cream, which was decent, but I wouldn't run back for it.  Would def. try a different dessert in the future.  Overall, a really nice experience in a pretty cool atmosphere.
5	This was my favorite little bar in Charlotte. Love the dim lighting and ambiance, and the shape of the bar. Our bartender was very helpful. I had one of the best beers I've ever had: a grapefruit-ish beer that blew me away because it wasn't super sweet. Loved it! Had the lamb lollipops and calamari. The food was excellent - the calamari and aioli was a little salty for my taste, but not a deal-breaker. Was so happy we found this place! Wish I could go back but I live in Michigan! Someday!
4	Good tapas, small plates. Great brunch and decent lunch. Sometimes slow. Also great place for drinks.
4	Solid 4 stars for the food itself.  Service was a little lacking though.  The brunch menu was delightful.  I ordered the grilled cheese and it was made from Tillamook Cheese!!!  I'd recognize that taste anywhere.  Took me back to the grilled cheese sandwiches I used to make myself when I was growing up on the West Coast.  Will probably be back to try other items on the menu.
3	Dandelion Market has two sides to it. The night time bar/club side and the daytime food side. The night time bar/club side is a place where everyone goes at the end of the night. Somehow everyone ends up there so it is a great last spot to come to before heading home. The daytime food side is an ok place for brunch but the appetizers a really great. I would suggest coming here on a weekend just to chill try some beer (they have samplers) and have some bites with friends.
5	Pretty impressed with this place.  Good beer selection, I had a porter and it's just right.  The southern caprese was as good as other reviews have indicated.The shrimp and grits was the perfect amount, although slightly too much heat for me.  The goat cheese topping the grits made it tolerable for me.The grand finale for me was the lamp lollipops, the only thing I thought a tad disappointing was the lamb was not medium rare, but still very tender at medium done.  My server was so nice she asked the kitchen to re-make it!  I originally wanted to give this place a 4 star but it deserves a 5 star because they care!  I posted before and after so you be the judge of it.
4	Visited for the first time this past week. Food is solid on both flavor and portions. We sampled pomegranate glazed scallops and a sausage stuffed poblano. Both were excellent. Also tried the mozzarella and basil flatbread. Flavor fell a little flat- absolutely no pun intended. Look forward to a return visit.
4	We stopped in Dandelion Market the morning after an open bar wedding hoping to relieve the pounding hangover. Dandelion has a fun gastropub vibe, with random kitsch (think a wall of clogs organized in a pyramid), a couple of tvs tuned to sports and a middle bloody mary bar (at least during brunch).There were a dozen or so beers on tap and the drink menu was diverse. We attempted to hair-of-the-dog it with mimosas, which were ok but not the best I've had. It was a futile effort anyways. The strong, fresh coffee was better.There were a handful of delicious sounding breakfast options (think creative hash and omellette dishes) and several more lunch options. I debated on trying the mustard burger sliders, but settled on the grilled cheese and tomato soup instead. While we waited the bar tender dropped off warm biscuits with two different jellies.After a too long 30+ minute wait, out comes the star. Giant, thick, grilled and buttered bread oozing cheese. The tomato soup was also thick, just how I like it. Who has time to worry about headaches while eating such artery clogging perfection? It hit the spot.Unfortunately the bartender, who was good at first, faded out and became very slow. Watching her text on her phone while we waited for the check was frustrating. Overall though this was a solid brunch choice and I'd gladly go back and try dinner.
4	The scallops are so good!  We had the surf and turf as well as the butter fried scallops -- so good!!  The crab and avocado salad was delicious, too.  I was not a fan of the caprese salad or the shrimp and grits, but then again, I'm not a southerner.
5	This is sort of a cross between a gastropub and a tapas bar, which sounds like it shouldn't work but believe me, it does.They have a large number of beers on tap and a menu of interesting/innovative takes on pub grub, priced reasonably and served as small plates.  For example, between my wife and me, we had an artisan cheese plate, bacon cheddar sliders, fried calamari and some spicy raw tuna on top of crispy flatbread-like chips as well as two beers each.  Basically this let us try a bunch of awesome stuff without getting too full or breaking the bank.  Everything they served us was good; the star in my opinion was the tuna.I appreciated the bartender's recommendations for beer, as well - I told him I was in the mood for a lager and wanted to try something new, and he had me taste his recommendation before he served up a full one.  Nice gesture.
2	Food was ok, there were some interesting flavors, but it was all marred by terrible wait staff.  Our server forgot a soda, then forgot our bottle of wine, with no apology for making us remind her how to do her job.  She was very unfriendly and I can't imagine I'd go back.  Atmosphere wasn't so great either, it's basically a very dark bar.  Much better experience over at The Asbury.
5	So I was put in charge of date night... He wanted cabo in noda and I said I wanted something new... Not disappointed. Anna was amazing and super helpful! Food here is beyond good! Service is great and we left super happy. The fried green caprese, lamb lollipop, calamari everything was awesome. My boyfriend loved the sliders! The man highfived me on my choice which means a lot.
5	I had the pleasure of hanging out with bartender Zy on a slow Sunday night. I was on business and I always ask waiters or bartenders about their fave places. Zy gave me quite a list of restaurants, bars, etc. Dandelion Market is my kind of bar, very cool place with lovely people working. Thanks again Zy.I took her advice as was very glad. I want to come back to dandelion market for brunch and dinner, sounds excellent.
5	Great food and reasonable prices for dinner and brunch! Good drinks and some dancing at night upstairs!
4	Went to lunch and got the Portbello mushroom. Very filling item and tasty as well. Service was great. The food came out in no time!
5	I've eaten here a few times with friends and I absolutely love it. Grilled cheese with prosciutto and tomato is outstanding, and their hash browns with house made ketchup are spicy and wonderfully. The Bellini is not overly sweet and delicious. Also I suggest the prosciutto Benny and the fresh fruit as a side. I was impressed that they didn't over or undercook the egg, it came out just right.  The Benny is a bit small so a small plate is the perfect complement for a full meal. The service is excellent and their decor is so quaint. The Bloody Mary bar is on point with tons of options and their selection of draft local beers is pretty good. Love it here and I always recommend it for brunch to all.
4	First time visit. Waitress very full of menu details and readily shared.Couples nite out.Shared nice reisling wine.Red pepper artichoke dip with warm and toasted pita bread.Ahi Tuna-the BOMB!  Ummmmmm.  Beautiful presentation. Delicious. Cucumber slices and tasty sauces. Downer was poblano stuffed pepper. Meh. Sausage mashed into it. 1/3 of it was charred.  Not flavorful.Acoustics terrible. Big open brick wall room. People kept talking louder to hear each other. Loudness grew and grew. Effects of beer & wine added to it. There is a room upstairs for dining & clubbing. DJ up spiral staircase. Large open room with bar on 2 walls. Couple booths and barstools. According to people we talked to suppose to be a happening place friday & saturday nites.Have fun my friends...
4	Came here to wait for some friends and went straight to the bar - good selection on beers! bartender was nice and friendly.Asked her rec on food and she told me wings and the mac and cheese was worth the try... i agree. really good fresh mac and cheese, the wings were good but nothing crazy amazing so was ok on that end. good after work place if this is what your looking for.
4	Good Food, but I wish they had the sandwiches available for dinner.  The Mac and Cheese was delicious and I would definitely order it again.  Also the atpmospher was excellent, they really do a great job of giving it that old english world charm.  The only thing I would hold back on is the bean sliders.  They were good, but a real meat slider or  a pot pie would be perfect for this place. overall great service and a great atmospher!
5	Grabbed a late lunch here with my husband & the food was delicious! I had the grilled cheese & tomato soup, he had the roast beef. Both on thick cut toasted sourdough bread. The atmosphere was quaint and cozy. There were several vegetarian options, which was nice. I didn't partake, but the bloody mary bar for brunch folks was a nice touch and looked like it had a good variety.
3	I came here with my husband on a Friday night. We were seated right away, and the service was attentive. The food was just uninspired though. We got a cheese board and charcuterie board to start. The charcuterie was very tastey, but the cheese was boring. After that, we had the crab and avocado salad and the shrimp bruschetta.  Everything tasted fresh, but was lacking in flavor. That was sort of the theme of the meal. Nothing was outright bad, but nothing made me want to come back.
4	After a few recents visits, for cocktails after work with colleagues, I can say Dandelion Market delivers.  The beer selection and drinks offered do not disappoint. And, the food, everything has been great.  I have only sampled appetizers, but they were all great and something we all enjoyed.  The crab dip with pita chips are my favorite.  A definite hidden gem that I would be happy to get back to again.Why not five stars you ask, servers can be a little rude at times and can be MIA at times. Overall, as I said, I do look forward to getting back.
4	Went here on a Saturday with my gfs and surprisingly it was dead.  We were quickly prompted to sit by the table bar area. Decoration is a bit bland. Nothing too appealing. I ordered the Ahi tuna salad, which was really good! I forgot what my gfs ordered but they said their food was delicious.  Minus one star for limited parking spaces. Ughh we had to park by a garage that was a bit far of a walk but other than that service and food were great.
4	Good spot for Sunday brunch. I've only been there twice but the food was good and the service was solid both times. If you like omelets and seafood, I recommend the Carolina Shore. It was fantastic. I paired it with the hash browns (they were ok but not the best) and a Bellini. Overall it was a delicious meal and perfect for post workout!
5	This was our first time at DM and I heard good things about it.  I live uptown, so there are lots of places to choose from.  I heard this a good place from our neighbor/friend so my wife and I tried it out.  Not real busy when we got there on a Friday afternoon at 5:30 ish, but it filled up quickly.  Promptly greeted and seated.  Our server Brooke told us she was relatively new, but she did a great job and knew the menu well.  We had the tartare, cheese plate, the mac-n-cheese and the lollipop lamb chops.  The chops were the best I have had anywhere for a long time.  Cooked perfectly tender and seasoned well.  There is a lot of salt on the coating, so beware there as you need to either take some of it off or be sure you get a small bite of it with the meaty part. Otherwise seasoned well.  My wife had the ahi which melted in your mouth.  Bottom line, great place with great food. It does get quite loud when the restaurant filled up so don't expect to have a lot of quiet conversation with your guest.  To the owners...some sound baffling would go a long way.  This is a pub/bar atmosphere, at least downstairs where we ate.  A nice touch was the wine list with everything being $25. Have not seen that before, but we had a nice Albarino that probably was the standard 2X mark-up, but it was cold and crisp and easy to drink. We got 4 of the small plates, but could easily have filled -up on 3 of them.  Took most of the mac-n-cheese home.  Bottom-line, great food, good atmosphere and great service that exceeded expectations.  Give it a try.
5	Food, drinks and staff were awesome! Had black bean sliders, shrimp and grits ( off the chain!), salad with goat cheese, sea scallops! Cocktails made perfect!
3	1. Go here for the bar... great drinks and good choice of beer and wine. This area saves Dandelion Market from being downgraded to a two star...2. The food menu is a tapas approach with a wide variety of food.3. The downer... the food was simply bland.     - The shrimp bruschetta was a complete myeh... come on chef, dare to present some unique flavors!!!    - The black beans sliders look great but, again, a flavorless mass of myeh!    - The red pepper dip was pretty decent but lacked zing! Whenever I start looking for sauces to add to a dish that means that nothing is baked into the original recipe.A caveat... the other dishes may be simply awesome and we just happened upon the three items that were myeh... please prove me wrong with the other dishes.4. Service is well done but the young lady who seated us was a bit grouchy... after we sat down we both laughed and told her, under our breath, Have a Nice Day!!!
5	WOW, what a fantastic place! We found Dandelion Market on 360Charlotte.Their food was amazing, the atmosphere was quaint and cozy yet lively and fun and we can't wait to bring more friends and come again. Don't go without ordering The Lamb Lollypops (and being Greek I am very picky about my lamb) and the Ahi Tuna. By far the best on the menu but still so many good choices. The wine selection was great and for $25 a bottle how can you go wrong? After dinner, go upstairs for some DJ fun as they raise the table and the dancing begins. We and our friends ventured out from the 'burbs and we are so glad we did. Can't wait to go again!!
5	Fun place for a girls evening. We shared appetizers, enjoyed oversized booths and fun crowd. Food was amazing and we shared most of it among the girls!
3	My boyfriend and I went here on a Wednesday night, atmosphere was great. We love the simple arrangements of tables and brick walls. We came to Charlotte  from the Orlando area (suprisingly foodie  friendly ), and were  expecting  to be bowled over by the food.Sadly, this wasn't  the case.  I ordered  a drink that had some fancy name but was basically  a gin ricky.  I had to send it back for more St. Germaine because it was tasteless. We ordered the cheddar  sliders which were flavorful but the bun was so dry it crumbled in your hand. Then the mussels, meh is the only thing I can say. I'm used to there being at least an inch of delicious creamy soup with giant amounts of bread. I get it, tapas. But seriously, 2 little croutons each? No worries, they were pretty bland regardless. Then the bizarre greenbeans came.  Basically take some regular ol greenbeans  and coat them in bottled sauce.  I thought they'd  be great fried as a finger food as it was tapas  but nope, wet and weird.  Service was fine, not spectacular  but average.  I  wouldn't waste my time here until they correct what's going on in the kitchen.
2	I wanted this to be good so bad! The menu  items looked amazing but the dishes were hit & miss.This place was LOUD! Trying to have a conversation was almost impossible! The service was not good. We had a table of six & our server took an order for 2 ( SMALL ) plates & didn't return to take orders for more for nearly 15 minutes when we initially wanted to order 6 plates. She just kinda took the order for 2 & left.The fried pickles & the zucchini ribbon pasta were excellent! The black bean sliders should have gone back! They were pasty & flavorless. The crab & avocado was in desperate need of salt & the sauce did not complement well. The fried green tomatoes were also in disparate need of salt & the breading was too heavy. The shrimp & grits were very good! The pumpkin cheesecake was delicious except the oatmeal cookie crust was so think and hard I literally have to hammer it with my spoon to brake it up in order to eat. The Long Island drink was not the worst but nothing to rave about either.
1	Went here for drinks and dancing, after dinner service hours. Only in town for a week so might as well hit this "dance club" up.The bar downstairs was nice, not packed, regardless of the line to get in outside. Not worth the 5$ cover to get the shortest, and weakest drink I've had in a long time.Go upstairs, sweaty smelly wanna be club. All I could smell was the dudes puke on the floor next to me at the bar. Head down. Literally unresponsive. Pointed him out to the bartender. Not sure if she handled it, cause I drank my drink, and left.Maybe come earlier, for food. Only because I haven't had it yet.... Lol
3	I went there for brunch, I don't think it's really a breakfast/brunch spot, felt more like an Irish pub and probably best for drinks at night. I had Low Country Hash, which was alright, but not worth $12... It seemed more like a side than a main dish. Staff was ok, but when I asked for a hot sauce, I was told where it was, instead of bringing it to me, I don't mind getting it on my own, but still... Interior was quite cool: exposed brick walls and interesting decorations, will need to go there again just for beers or something, cause I wasn't very impressed with brunch
5	Delicious! Have been here several times and now love bringing family and friends when they are in town. It's where my boyfriend and I had our first date and we tend to revisit often. The food is perfect, we've never had a dish that is less than wonderful. The beer and cocktail selection is plentiful. The environment is laid back and cozy, with servers that have been wonderful every time.
5	Was hesitant to go to dandelion for food, only ever been for late night bar scene. Was very pleasantly surprised by the food. Service at the bar was friendly and helpful as well. I do wish for late night that the downstairs would turn down the music. Some people want to dance and have that loud scene, maybe keep that upstairs. Sometimes I want to hang out, sit down, chat with friends, it would be nice to have both in one bar. Dandelion has that opportunity, having 2 floors, to appeal to both crowds!
3	I'm going to keep this brief.  For some reason I don't feel like Dandelion warrants my trademark longish reviews.  I'm not really passionate about this place, but I've been twice and it warrants a review.The good:  The food.  Very very good and I feel like there's a good variety of unique offerings.The bad:  The price.  The plates are tapas style and to get anywhere near 'full' be prepared to drop 40 large per person...not including alcohol or tip.  That's why I think I'm just so Meh on this place. There are far better offerings in Charlotte where I can pay 40-50 a head and actually be full and satisfied.  I'm never full or satisfied when I leave Dandelion.
4	I had a great meal here with friends last weekend. The wine is reasonably priced, as is the food. The tapas menu is perfect for dining with friends as it allows everyone to try lots of things on the menu. We finished up right at 10, which is good since that's when the upstairs apparently turns unto a club and is super loud. I'll definitely go back again for dinner.
3	I came here for brunch and plain&simple, food = great and ambiance = eh. It's inside of a dark bar with no outdoor seating and tables closely packed. However, the breakfast menu was great with multiple options, a whole bloody mary bar, and warm buscuits served before the meal. I would say it's the best brunch place i've visited in Uptown in terms of food, but other options like 5Church have more of a comfortable and open setting.I also felt the menu was a bit pricey, but if you're interested in options like the Chesapeake omelette with crab and shrimp, then it's worth the extra change.
4	I had the opportunity to visit this place last night for the Hendricks Gin Cocktail hour.  It was great.  I will definitely be back.  Con:  like most places Uptown, parking.
5	Came here for the first time to meet a friend and I must say, it was probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time! The food was amazing and the change the menu every so often so you have to go back and try every. Prices were very reasonable, and the staff were extremely polite! Will definitely be returning here soon!
4	Decent place with good food and a cool atmosphere.
4	I didn't get the bartenders name but it was a Tuesday happy hour and he took the time to go over the drink and food menus with us. Quick service, tasty food (Apple salad n a flatbread pizza), great beer and wine selections. The small crowd was after-work, late 20s early 30s. Would definitely go back!
5	Been going to the bar here for about two years, but this past weekend was the first time I visited for food.  It was a birthday dinner and I was with about ten other ladies, they were extremely attentive and the food came out very quickly.  We all ordered something different and passed each dish around the table for everyone to try.  This was also my birthday dinner, and they gave me a delicious heavenly piece of chocolate cake.  Ill definitely return, hopefully for brunch because I've heard that there brunch is the best part about the restaurant.
4	Very cool atmosphere inside. The food (small bites and things to share) were really good. Especially the shrimp and grits. Really flavorful and delicious. The place is overall quite loud, so just be prepared. But really liked it.
5	Stopped in for the first time tonite after the Hornets game...or lack thereof. I gotta say, the food here is outstanding. My wife and I ordered 5 or 6 items from their tapas-style menu to share. We tried the prosciutto crostini which is just melt-in-your-mouth goodness. The seared scallops with arugula was great as well as the mac and cheese which comes piping hot in its own bakeware. Good selection of drinks as well, I had the "winter-fashioned".  It was very crowded and loud as it was getting late on a saturday, so I would recommend going earlier if you dont wanna deal with that. All in all, excellent choice and we will be back.
4	Dinner food is very good ! fried calamari is amazing !!!!! But when went to brunch and the food was greasy and service is always bad I'm giving them 4 stars because I know it's something that can be fixed !
4	Dandelion Market was around the corner from the condo I was staying in for the week. Actually, there were several amazing places within the surrounding block and it was difficult to choose where to go. I took a seat at the bar, but quickly made the decision to move to a table as this wasn't the most friendly dining bar. I'm sure on a normal night, it would be just fine, but there seemed to be a couple large holiday parties going on while I was there as well. It was truly difficult to choose what I wanted to order; everything looked so tempting. But being a solo diner, I didn't want to over order in any way. Definitely will come back here with a dining buddy or two and explore a lot more of the menu. For this evening's adventure I went with the Southern Caprese and the Mustard Ale Sliders. For my beverage, I chose the Winter Fashioned. The Winter (Old) Fashioned was delicious and well-balanced. It wasn't too bitter, but just the right amount of sweet to make a nice finish on the palate. My caprese arrived first: fried green tomatoes, fresh mozz & a fig basalmic. It was hard not to pick it up with my hands and shove it in my mouth. I did the polite thing & took small bites. I would have licked the plate too if I wouldn't have garnered stares from my dining neighbors. The sliders came out quickly after they were ordered & I dove right in. They were cooked perfectly and the 'extras' didn't impede on the experience. The cheese & bacon were in perfect proportion and you got a little bit with each little bite.While dessert was tempting, I was sated, so I called it a night and rolled myself home.
4	I stopped in here for a 9pm tapas. They quite literally have food I would fly back to Charlotte just to experience again. Absolutely amazing medium rare steak skewers.
5	Cool spot. Good selection of craft beer and cider. The Downeast cider is really good.
4	Dandelion was excellent - it reminded me of a cozy little restaurant from back home in San Francisco with a southern touch. The ambiance is dark and cozy. There's a small bar with beers on tap and many wines to choose from, as well as an open-spaced dining room.The menu is designed tapas-style so they encourage to order 2-3 dishes per person. We split 4 dishes between the two of us and a beer flight and it came to just around $60.The shrimp and grits and the lamb lollipops were my absolute favorite,very memorable and super delicious!Great for a date night, drinks with friends, or a small group outing!
