3	I think with time this place will be pretty awesome! The food was pretty good for the most part and the service was great and extremely friendly. We went on a Friday night and the place was packed with what seemed like very happy diners. Highlights.. the pot roast was better then my mothers, ask for horseradish. The lamp chop special was great and a super bargain at 18 bucks. The hummus was really good but the pita was a problem, was very hard. Though I told the server and he brought out a fresh batch right away, was good.All in all this place is going to be decent after they work out a few kinks in the kitchen. Considering that they have never opened a restaurant before I think that they are doing a pretty good job though they need to QC the kitchen more.FYI, 18 bucks is the most expensive thing on the menu though most itms are 12 and under.. seriosuly cheap eats!
5	My husband and I have eaten at Floyd's  at least a couple of times per week since we discovered them about two months ago. The place is so cozy and the people that work there are awesome. There are a couple of owner's, young guys that have never owned a restaurant before and are figuring things out. In our opinion they are doing an awesome job. They treat you like you have just stepped into their home. You have to try the meatloaf and the pork chops. Both are to die for. They have a great wine selection and the owner's Brandon and Don, are very knowledgeable about what wine goes with what you're having for dinner. Trust them to make a suggestion for you. They just did up the patio and it's really nice out there with the heaters going. I would definately recommend it. We have taken several friends and family to dine there and all have been very impressed with the food and service at all times. I kind of think that Tony M. made his story up or was eating somewhere else.
5	This place is amazing!  I have been there about once a week since I found out about it in October. the guys that run it are so nice and really make you feel like you're at home.  Very friendly and they really know what they are doing.My favorite dishes so far are the spinach and artichoke dip, and the halibut (the mashed potatoes and asparagus are to die for!)  Prices are extremely reasonable.My favorite part of Floyd's is the wine selection.  Every wine that they have on their menu is awesome. Trust the staff to choose a good one to compliment your meal. They are very knowledgeable.The only bad thing I have to say is that they don't have coffee yet....but one of the owners told me that they will soon. After that it will be absolutely perfect!
4	Tried Floyd's last night and was pretty impressed. The service was friendly, but a little odd... I couldn't tell you who our waitress was because we had 2 or 3 checking on us throughout the evening. I ordered the meatloaf on a whim and it was quite tasty. It almost had a stuffing element to it, but was well seasoned and tender. The gravy it came with was delicious and the garlic mashed potatoes were very good. The veggies were fresh and cooked very well, leaving a bit of crunchiness while tender in the middle. The thing that stood out was a maple flavor on the veggies; not that they were drowning in syrup, it was just a hint of sweetness. I'm wondering if they use an apple-butter on them or something.My friend ordered the stuffed chicken, which was a very generous portion for the price. She was thrown off at having the pasta on top of the chicken breast, but was very pleased with the flavors and quality of the dish.They don't have their liquor license yet, so it was beer and wine only, but I enjoyed the petite syrah. Can't remember the label, but it had soft fruit upfront with a leather smokiness on the backend that paired well with the meatloaf (yes, I actually admitted to pairing wine with meatloaf). I look forward to returning to Floyd's to try some of their other dishes.
5	My husband and I saw this place one day after a shopping trip to Sprouts, and went back a week later to try it. It was great!!! We went for lunch, and almost all of their lunches are $5.95! It is a really small place... only seats about 40 or so, but the food is delicious, and the people are friendly. We have a 6 month old, and are always on the lookout for places that are "family friendly". (Basically we don't like getting glared at when we go in somewhere with our baby!) We were so impressed we went 2 days in a row for lunch, and will go back very often.
5	I work in the area and was exciting to see somewhere new to have lunch that wasn't a chain.  I went today for the first time and I was very impressed.  Decor is simple and neat. The owner took great care in making the place cool and calm, something quite welcome on a hot summer day.  The service was quick and attentive, the food was fresh and delicious and the prices were unbelievable.  Don't let the fantastic prices scare you.  The food is high quality.  Everything on the menu is an excellent value.  We cannot wait to go back.
4	Three words for you-EAT AT FLOYD'S!!  You'd almost be stupid not to :)  Seriously, I went for lunch and it was hard to find much that was more than six dollars.  So, my expectations weren't very high for my Cajun Chicken sandwich.  I'm figuring flimsy thin chicken strips straight out of the Tyson bag with a little season salt.  I was very, very wrong-there was a generous portion of real white meat very nicely cooked topped with bacon, cheese and chipotle mayo!  Side salad too!!  WOW!!  I almost felt like I was stealing, the sandwich, salad, drink and a more than 20% tip to the wonderful server was just over ten bucks.  You cannot beat that.As previous reviewers have noted it's just two guys whose dream it was to open a restaurant with good, home cooked food.  A dream I can really get behind, hope you do too!!Anytime you're wondering where to eat around Paradise Valley Mall, skip the yukky chains and support these local guys instead.  You won't be sorry!!
4	eat here. do it! right now! after today i will be a regular for no other reason than the berry salad. today was my second visit to floyd's. ordered the berry salad with chicken to go. i was told it would be ready in 5 minutes, which was awesome because by the time i drove from the office to the restaurant it was just leaving the kitchen. the chicken was moist, flavorful and clearly high quality white meat. the salad was packed with strawberries and blackberries. the feta was just right and the granola was crunchy and a nice replacement for croutons. and the house made berry vinaigrette ... oh the vinaigrette! talk about amazing. i wish they would bottle it and sell it to me by the gallon. there were actual strawberry seeds left in my dressing cup after i dumped the contents on the salad. and yes, for my take out dressing on the side was standard, and appreciated.first visit was about a month ago, dine-in. i ordered the cajun chicken sandwich. there was nothing cajun about it ... no spicy at all, but the sandwich was excellent. chicken was high quality and fresh, bacon perfect, cheese all melty and gooey and whatever aioli they used on it was to die for. good stuff. i enjoyed the sandwich despite the lack of cajun flavors.
5	Fabulously good food - checkLocal independent restaurant - checkSuper friendly staff - checkAffordable prices - checkFloyd's Kitchen is a rare gem in the northeast Valley.  Their attitude is just the opposite of an overpriced (typically chain) restaurant unjustifiably proud of the overall experience they deliver.  I've been to Floyd's Kitchen twice now and each time have been welcomed with friendly, highly competent service and food prepared so well that everyone in my party can't help but love it.  The atmosphere is pretty casual yet there's an elegance about it and the food.  There's always been something on the menu for everyone I bring; from kids to seniors to foodies.  For some reason their prices are unusually low, but who's complaining?! Now I hear that on Mondays and Tuesdays all glasses and bottles of wine are half price...must put that in my calendar for next week!
1	Rigatoni w/ pita bread side was fair warning.
5	Floyd's Kitchen: Not only a restaurant but also the bombest catering company!  In the words of Ebert & Roeper: "Two thumbs way up!"Talk about making me look good! I just hosted a company party at my house and let me tell you... ooh... it could't have been any better... Thanks to Floyd's Kitchen, of course!! The Floyd's Kitchen experience started the minute I picked up the phone to ask about the catering.  Brandon, the chef and owner of Floyd's Kitchen, is super friendly and very easy to talk to.  He offered wonderful ideas for menu options that were specific to my needs.  Brandon really knows his stuff! When I told him I wanted an out-of-the-ordinary dinner for my party, he suggested we have Chicken Skewers, Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sliders and Mozzarella stuffed Meatball Sliders... BOMB!  Everyone raved about these easy-to-eat-while-standing-up mini burgers!!  The Pasta Salad and Fondue Fruit Platter were beyond my expectations.  FLOYD'S KITCHEN ROCKS!!!!!!
5	Floyd's rocks!  They have excellent food and friendly servers.  I haven't ordered anything that wasn't delicious.  Just placed my first catering order from them.
4	For it being a little obscure and the atmosphere being incredibly laid back, the food is AMAZING.  The hummus (any flavor) with the pita bread lightly toasted or grilled - I don't know it's kind of crispy - with a garlic buttery flavor, is so good.  My husband doesn't like hummus but likes Flloyd's.Go there so it doesn't go away either.  Everything is closing down we have to support our favorites!
4	I'm giving Floyd's four stars for the potential. My experience was a three star visit. Great variety on the menu and really good service. We started with the amazing hummus appetizer and they were nice enough to git rid of the one we wouldn't have liked and doubled up on one of the others.  I had the jerk chicken and didn't like it. It was more of a fricassee than the other jerk chicken that I've had. I wouldn't get it again. The lady had a French dip sandwich, and the whole plate was soaked with au jus. I'll try Floyd's again.
5	This restaurant never disappoints! The first time we walk in was at 10:30pm on a Sunday night, there was healthy stuff on the menu and there was a Dave Matthews Band concert on the big screen. I thought to myself...is this heaven? In this neighborhood, the only food establishment open after 9pm is Jack-in-the-Box. To be able to eat a late dinner and have it be healthy is a blessing to those of us that work a little later than normal and don't cook at home much. Their menu consists of apps, soups/salads, sandwiches, pizzas, entrees, wine and more. Over the past 1 1/2 years, I have had the opportunity to try quite a few things. Some of my favs are the Chilean sea bass, the hummus, mahi mahi tacos, stuffed chicken breast, mac & cheese... the list goes on. Nothing is over $20. The choices are very eclectic - from fish to Jamaican jerk chicken to meatloaf. There is something for everyone. I would recommend starting with the hummus. It's a trio of roasted red pepper, garlic and jalapeno/cilantro served with pita chips. The flavors of each just explode with every bite. The Floyd's House Salad, as simple as it may be, is just the right combination of flavor and texture that make this house salad stand out. The Chilean sea bass is served on a bed of roasted red pepper cous cous with a creamy artichoke sauce drizzled over. Again, the combination of flavor and texture make this dish one of the best on the menu. I'm personally not a fan of meatloaf, but my hubby and father seem to love this recipe (and dad is really picky).  The NY Strip was prepared perfectly and the mix of veggies complements the various entrees they come with.  If you are in this neighborhood, or even if you're not, check this place out.  The service is always spectacular and the food is consistent.
5	Absolutely love this place!  Hard to find, tucked away in between Radio Shack and Sprouts.  It used to be Sammy B's for people that have been in the area for a while (you won't even recognize it anymore).  Great little bistro, which Phoenix doesn't have, by PV Mall.  They have a great staff and the food is always spot on.  Try the hummus trio for an app and either the jerk chicken or the meatloaf for an entree.  If you have enough people to share multiple apps you have to try the macaroni and cheese.  Bacon make everything better!!  They dont take reservations so plan ahead...
4	BEST Creme Brulee in the world.. well at least so far..that I have tried. It had banana and the bottom was lined with chocolate. Pure unadulterated heaven!Came here via the Urban Spoon App..otherwise I would have probably never stumbled upon this gem. Shrimp cocktail fresh and excellent. Mahi mahi tacos, tasty! Service quick, friendly, efficient. Tiny little place..size of a large living room..walls cluttered with badly framed movie memorabilia and such. 2 Large screen TVs, nice lighting. Its like someone turned the man cave into a dining room. lol.I will most certainly be back.. if just to force the creme brulee on all that I know.
5	Yay!  Found my new favorite restaurant in the area!  You can't go wrong here... food is amazing, wait staff is extremely friendly and on top of their game (helpful with menu tips, never an empty glass, amazing).  I have no complaints about this place.  The atmosphere is like a small community where everyone acts like you're their best friend and the food is 5-star+!  I love this place.  I highly recommend the mahi mahi tacos, artichoke dip, chicken picatta, and stuffed chicken.  So amazing... I can't say it enough!
4	Love this place. Good happy hour specials. Food is consistently great!
4	Came here for the 1st time last night with my Hubby to use our $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com. I love that site, such awesome deals! This place is tiny, but kinda cozy & we liked that. There is a dude that plays guitar/sings every Monday night so we caught that. He was pretty good. Our server might have told us her name but I don't remember, it was too loud with the music in there any way. She was sweet though & made sure our glasses were never empty. We drink a lot when we eat so we both appreciated that. For an appetizer we decided on the maple bacon wrapped shrimp that came with roasted red pepper sauce. We love shrimp apps & this one definitely did not disappoint. The sauce was amazing as well. My Hubby loves salads so he ordered the house salad, I had a bite & it was very fresh. For our entrees: my Hubby was set on the stuffed chicken but was bummed when our server said they ran out-boo! She suggested the rigatoni & meatballs so he got that instead. I opted for the chicken pesto. Unfortunately, Hubby did not really care for his meal, said it was mediocre at best. Mine however, was so yummy! I must always get dessert when we go out for dinner, so I decided on the creme brulee. Theirs is very different from others I've had in the past, but in a good way! It's topped with sliced bananas & at the bottom some sort of chocolate ganache. OH EM GEE, it was amazing!! Oh & I almost forgot, I saw on their menu that they had bacon mac & cheese so I ordered it to go for my lunch today. It was definitely the adult version of mac & cheese & you can never go wrong with bacon :) We will definitely come back to Floyd's, especially to try: the artichoke spinach dip, hummus, mahi mahi tacos, stuffed chicken & of course their desserts!
5	Let me start by saying i agree with all my fellow yelpers...who think this place is simply great. The wife and I visited this establishment today for lunch and we were treated to quite a dining experience. We walked in at about 3:15 we were the only one's in the establishment....and quite frankly it is a very small but comfortable space...so being alone felt quite romantic even if it was the middle of the day. The menu is great...i had the Chicken Philly Sandwich with Tator Tots...while my wife had the Philly cheese steak sandwich with fries. We spent only about 22 bucks...and the customer service was outstanding. We will be returning to this establishment without a doubt...and i definitely know now while it was rated a 5 star establishment by most of my fellow yelpers. Eat, Drink and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Great appetizers and very good entrees.We had the apple-asparagus salad (outstanding), the seafood chowder (outstanding), mahi tacos (very good), stuffed chicken (outstanding) and meatloaf (good, but salty when we had it).A huge bonus:  Floyds has cheap prices on wine by the glass when you go during happy hour.  Also, if you are on their mailing list, the restaurant will send you emails on their specials.  We were told by the owner to try the ribs (special only) and any of the soups (lamb with chilis was the best soup he has ever had).Floyd's has excellent food in a fun environment (diner/sports restaurant feel with pictures and music from late 20th century icons).  If you don't try Floyd's, you will be missing out on something very special.
4	Found this restaurant on Yelp, and reviews all rang true. We arrived in a party of 6 at around 9PM on a Saturday and there was about a 15-minute wait -- this place is TINY. Apparently they had just run a huge coupon promo and they were out of a lot of stuff, so we just asked the waitress to recommend something. Bacon mac & cheese appetizer was awesome - definitely a gourmet version of a favorite comfort food. Chicken picatta was a knockout, and so were the mozzarella stuffed meatballs. They comp'd us a dessert for the table and we asked for a recommendation and got creme brulee.I can't stand creme brulee. Oh, but now I am reconsidering. They have sliced bananas on top that carmelize with the sugar, and chocolate chips inside (not too many) that melt and meld with the custard. It was outrageously good. I almost licked the bowl. They get just 4 stars from me because they had no reasonable options for my kids (who fell asleep in a booth before the food arrived anyway) and they had 86'd at least 8 things off the menu. Otherwise, it was a near perfect meal.
2	This is a mixed review so I will give details Summary: decent food(3.5) just don't expect quick service when you goPositives: the food was tasty though the flavors were more what I would expect from a home cooled meal rather than a restaurant. Not like the food reminds you of a home cooked meal since it was amazing there just wasn't anything that was that great about it..... Negatives: the overall service brings this from 3.5 to a 2 1 we waited over 35 minutes for a table which is understandable since it's a small place but for 20 minutes of that time there were empty tables were the wait staff just wasn't cleaning the tables off until I asked them what was going on( oops I guess we didn't see that)2 half the cooked menu was unavailable when we finally were able to sit down this normally isn't a big deal cut their menu is kinda small to have half of it missing 3 the food takes forever to get out to you once you ordered.. I know it's a small place and I was on a date so it wasn't a big deal but we were really hubgry and they didn't have bread or anything to snack on while we waited had I know it would take 40ish minutes we woulda got a salad
4	I liked the food and the service, but the place seriously needs more space.  While there at it, they should add some private booths....  I think they're only two years old, so I'll be going back to check on their progress.
3	The food here was pretty good. But the service was very slow. And we had a cranky kid with us which you would think would speed them up a little bit. But that didn't help. They don't have high chairs or boasters so I would say this place is NOT kid friendly. If you want to try it leave the little ones at home for this one.
5	Awesome food (Cajun sandwich and Hummus). Awesome Specials (Happy hour draft $3 and $20 bottles of wine). Awesome Service (Very attentive staff). The lack of kid friendly seats was a little weak. Will be back without the child though.
5	First visit to Floyd's and we loved it. Our server Neecie was great. She helped us with all of our selections and the four of us enjoyed our meals.  As everyone else Yelped about the humus they are right. Its awesome. Sea Bass was perfect! Pot Roast a little different but tasty. Deserts were out of this world. Creme Brulle and the soft gooey cookie were great and big enough to share.The only thing in need of help were the cocktails which were very very weak and tasted as if they were void of any alcohol.We loved the place and we will be going back this week for dinner.
1	gross food, okay atmosphere.
4	So my wife and I stumbled upon this little restaurant while we were shopping in the Tatum area. We took a look at the menu, and saw the wide variety of food served with very reasonable prices, so what the heck let's give it a shot1The decor is nice and cozy, they have alot of classic americana type portraits hanging on the wall. The restaurant space is kind of small, but it's a nice change from all the super sized restaurant chains. They had some nice music playing in the background, probably more jazzy than anything.My wife ordered the Shrimp Scampi ($12), and I ordered the Jerk Chicken with sauteed potatoes and green beans ($11). When our dishes came, it was in a very presentable manner, had the look of a very expensive dish.The Shrimps in my wife's pasta was amazingly fresh and large. The white sauce they used was a bit more liquid than the usual shrimp scampi, but that's probably due to their use of heavy cream. It was a nice touch to it I must say, the flavor of the sauce was not overpowering. It had a nice balance between the pasta and the seafood.For my dish, there was a generous amount of jerk chicken, with the side of green bean and sauteed potatoes. I'm not a big fan of chicken breast, as I find the meat too tough, however, in this dish, it was delightfully moist and juicy! The jerk could've been a bit spicier, but it was a nice taste as it had a scrumptious tomato based sauce with the jerk spice and peppers. The green beans were fresh and crunchy, while the potatoes had the perfect crispy skin and moist inside.I would definitely like to try their dinner in the future. Probably would love to try their Creme Brulee (apparently it has banana lined up at the bottom with chocolate!!!!) It's a nice little treasure in the Cactus/Tatum area that should be explored!
2	Okay, once again I"m confused: after reading all of the reviews here I thought this place really had it going on. It didn't. And I'm sorry for that, but it was just a bit below average. The restaurant is cute, and the service was amazing. The waitress was very polite, well-versed and attentive. However, the food was blah. I had the buffalo shrimp salad and the greens were not fresh. My mother had the chicken salad sandwich and said it was "confusing" and "below average". My brother and nephew both had the philly cheesesteak and liked their sandwiches. My niece had the chicken noodle soup and my sister in law had the fish tacos (which smelled bad)...both didn't like their meals. My husband had the pot roast, which I tasted, and it was average but no where near the caliber of Wally's, which is pot roast paradise! The prices were resonable, but the food so-so. I wouldn't go back with so many great restaurants here in the Valley, but I hope it improves as it is an independent and I like that in a restaurant...
1	We came here because of Yelp. Due to high expectations from others yelper, we felt this place is very disappointing. We ordered the Seabass and what we got was more like Mahi Mahi or Cod.  Seabass is supposedly  very rich and juicy but the fish tasted dry and had absolutely no flavor.  We told the server and she asked the chef and insisted that it is seabass from the supplier.  Perhaps the chef is ignorant. we felt cheated.  The jerk chicken to be fair is not bad but definitely not really that great.We hardly even finished the food.
4	Now this restaurant I can get into.We hit it for lunch the other day after reading yelp reviews. It's in a strip mall, like a lot of places here in Phoenix which was a surprise because at noon, the strip mall barely appeared to be open. The restaurant was just filling up. As soon as we walked in the door the woman greeted us with a nice big hello and a "sit wherever you'd like".The table had a BBQ chicken pizza, meatloaf, salad and chicken salad sandwich. Everything was good, service, quickness of food to our table, the refilling of the water and our check was on time. One drawback was the male waiter or possibly the owner (?) who was talking to tables, using the word "dude" all the time he was LOUD and I couldn't wait for him to leave the floor.
3	I wanna love this place, but I'm not sure I can.I love that Floyd's is a one of a kind, family owned and operated restaurant.  It's an adorable little place set in a strip mall, but much more appealing once you step inside the door.The menu is comfort food, my favorite type of cuisine.  The Bacon Mac & Cheese appetizer was really great, hot and crusty.  But hubby's meatloaf fell flat, giving it a "so-so" rating.  It had some sort of weird seasoning?  I had the Cuban Sandwich with pork, ham, cheese, and pickle on rye bread.  The menu claimed it had whole grain mustard on it, but I couldn't taste it.  So my husband grabbed a squeeze bottle of bright yellow mustard from a nearby table and that made it better.The prices are a good value and even more so if you take advantage of their coupon on restaurant .com.
4	I shop at Sprout's on Cactus/Tatum and had always wondered about this new little place called Floyd's next door but never made the effort to venture in. Groupon offered a 50% off recently so I decided to give it a shot and I can't wait to go back.Floyd's has a cozy, casual atmosphere and a diverse menu. I had the pot roast and it was super tender, rich in flavor plus a huge portion. I could only eat half and took the rest for home for lunch the next day. My daughter finally settled on the grilled cheese which isn't hard to screw up but neverless she was still very happy with her dish.They had a happy hour menu on the table when I was there and it looks I may need to come back and try that out!
3	I visited twice for lunch.I wanted to really like this place but between the stressed out waitress and the overcooked meat, i cannot in good conscience rate above a 3.A lot of potential here though! Not a bad place! If you do go here - stick with the meat loaf or jerk chicken.
5	This is an amazing little place! Cozy, neighborhood restaurant across the street from PV Mall.  We have been here a handful of times.  Everytime we come here, we love it!  You choose your own table which is great.  It is nicely decorated and there is good music  to enjoy.  The staff is always friendly and very helpful with their recommendations.  I always get the Fresh Berry Salad with Chicken ~ it is delicious!  Their cherry granola is homemade and the salad has just the right amount of Feta chesse.  The Berry Viaigrette that comes with is sweet and tangy and I can't get enough! My husband usually gets either the Rigatoni and Meatballs (which is heavenly) or the French Dip.  We have taken friends here and they are big fans too.  My daughter got the Grilled Cheese, which she loved.   When our server brought our food he commented that the bread didn't look big enough.  I didn't think anything of it since she isn't a big eater.  When she was done eating (every bite), he brought her out a whole new sandwich :)  We were not expecting that.  She brought it home and were so impressed.Try Floyd's Kitchen if you haven't already.  It will quickly become one of your favorite places.
4	Last Monday I used a Groupon I bought about a month ago to place a to go order. Whenever I have a coupon of any kind I order more than usual, so I got the following for my husband & I: maple bacon wrapped shrimp, artichoke spinach dip, stuffed chicken, chicken marsala & creme brulee. The shrimp app was as delicious as the last time, the AS dip was pretty good but I wish it came with all bread instead of mostly stale tortilla chips, hubby loved the stuffed chicken, I loved the chicken marsala & the creme brulee was a disappointment, but I believe it was because I took it to go. Next time we go here we are definitely dining inside so I can get some of their yummy creme brulee the way it's supposed to be!
4	Last week was my first visit to Floyd's Kitchen.  Overall, the broad menu, great service and terrific happy hour offers made me a fan.  They did a nice job with decor, especially with the patio seating (although cushions on the seats would have been even better.)  The weather was perfect, so it was a great day to sit outside.  We arrived just before the end of happy hour, which was great, since the deals were nice.  $5 for a very nice zinfandel.  We ordered some very flavorful hummus (even better than Pita Jungle's) - 3 varieties - which had ample hot, flavorful pita triangles.  My husband ordered the shrimp ceviche, which I thought was bland, but he liked that it was fresh and light.  It was also a very large serving.   Megan, our server, was attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  She didn't miss a beat and made great recommendations.  She helped us choose a french dip-type sandwich for the husband and chicken piccata for me.  Very large servings at fair prices.  Oh, and they have tater tots!  Who doesn't LOVE tater tots??  There really isn't anything negative I can say about our experience.  The service was nice, the ambience relaxed and we took a lot of food home. We definitely plan on going back with the rest of the family.
3	Finally found an opportunity to attend Floyd's and we were glad we did.  I had the barbecue chicken flatbread and my husband had the Cuban pork sandwich.  The barbecue sauce on the flatbread was tasty but there was a little too much of it but the crust was like a crispy, delicious huge homemade cracker.  I had a bite of hubby's Cuban sandwich and it was delicious and my husband loved every bite.  They offered a mile high cheesecake dessert that we didn't try but it sure sounded good so we may try it the next time we're there.  It was priced pretty high, though, and it made me wish that more restaurants would provide the little shot glass sizes of dessert so one can indulge in a little sweetness after the meal or maybe provde smaller portions with smaller prices because we would have tried it.  I've had layered cheesecake type desserts in the shot glass form and it seemed to work well.  Just a thought.Service was good but I wasn't too keen on the seating arrangements but that's me.  In any event, it won't stop me from returning because I'm curious to try other items on the menu, if I can resist the urge to have the barbecue chicken flatbread, that is.  I'll just ask for less barbecue sauce.
4	Really enjoyed the thai shrimp skewers, however could be a little more thai-ish. The apple asparagus salad was fabulous although spring mix had a few little wilty greens; apple cider vinegar dressing pleasantly surprising! Hard to choose from the diverse menu selections. Had a lovely pinot noir with my meal. Stellar service!Great to see a non-chain doing well. Can't wait togo back and try more!
4	Great food, service is good, don't like how Smokey the place gets.
5	I have since been back to Floyd's Kitchen, this past weekend in fact for a solo lunch before I did my weekly shopping at Sprouts and it did not disappoint once again. I had the special which was a salmon filet with white wine cream sauce, capers and tomatoes served over a bed of roasted potatoes and grilled asparagus. The fish was cooked PERFECTLY which is a big deal to me. I've also decided to try and replicate the sauce in my own kitchen because I couldn't embarrass myself in a restaurant by licking up the sauce on the plate so I'll have to do that in the privacy of my own home. The potatoes were cooked and seasoned beautifully and the asparagus was what you would expect in a fine dining establishment. If you know how to grill asparagus then there's no worry about screwing it up.I'm concerned about this place though. Both times I've been it was kinda dead. There was a small stream of traffic that came in spurts but nothing like I would expect for a Saturday at lunch time. The price isn't unreasonable for what you get but its possible people are expecting a much cheaper menu because of its location. I just hope the strip mall curse that lingers over this Valley of the Sun doesn't strike this little restaurant gem. Those of us who don't like spending our dining dollars on chain food really appreciate these kinds of places so here's to hoping word gets out.
4	This was one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Phoenix.  It was so good, I took my husband for dinner the next night.  Great food and atmosphere.  Love the outdoor seating.  Great staff as well!
5	Absolutely FABULOUS!  A-MAZING food - unique menu, a lot of options, flavorful, and piping HOT! Super service!  It's a tiny place, so if you're claustrophobic n the slightest, you may want to choose a patio table.  Either way, lovely ambiance.  Love Love Love a "neighborhood kitchen" that "get's it"! Way to go! I have been singing your praises already and will continue to do so! What a find!
5	The price to quality is awesome here.Really happy to see Floyd's settling into its groove.  The walls look better with fewer pictures, the music is always good, and the food is so tasty.  The price for the meals you get here are awesome.One wish -- hope they up the quality of their wines.  Would spend more if they had better wines and better options by the glass.  Great local place with no hassle.  Great service.  Also consider taking to go -- nice packaging to get home and enjoy a wonderful meal.
4	I've been to Floyd's several times now and have enjoyed it every time.  The atmosphere is great.  It's small but very cozy, the pictures are interesting and the TV isn't the focal point of the place.  I've taken friends there and all of them (Including my very picky foodie friend) have loved it.  You can't beat the Happy Hour, although they have run out of Cranberry juice twice now.  I can't say I'm too upset about that as my drinks seem to get stronger as they start running low.  The hummus is some of the best I've had, great starter!  On my first visit I had the Chicken soup and a Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  The soup was only okay, I wouldn't really recommend it.  The broth was too thin and the soup was barely warm.  The Grilled Cheese was perfect and so were the tater tots.I haven't really had any of their meals yet as it seems I end up going during happy hour and my friends and I drink and eat the appetizers instead of ordering real food.  I plan to remedy that soon and go in for a full meal.  The plates I've seen as they've passed by my table have looked really yummy.Floyd's is worth checking out, definitely try the Hummus!  YUMMY!!
2	The set up and the service were nice but its all about the food for me.The artichoke dip was watery and the main dishes were just ok. The jerk chicken seemed more like chicken in marinara sauce. After reading other reviews I was really excited to try the creme brulee but it did not live up to the hype I guess I'll be sticking with pappadeux for that.
5	Who doesn't love this local place amongst chains and big box stores?  The food is sooo well done, the incredibly reasonable prices mke you squint to make sure you read them right.  If you live in the Tatum/Cactus area, this is a must visit.  The staff is super friendly and willing to accommodate requests.And be aware they do great take out.  Those notes where you don't want to cook but still want to enjoy healthy, tasty fare - think Floyds.
4	Great food with attention to detail. We enjoy going on Monday nights for all evening happy hour specials along with live local music. Very friendly staff and that give attentive service. The Chef really does well with the entrees. Good favors and value.
4	Our bookclub loves this place.  Great food, specials, wine selection, and the service is tops and friendly.  Hummus is fantastic; we picked up a few oders for Father's Day lunch.  Would love, love, love THAT recipe.
5	This is a GREAT place! Me and a bride to be and two other bride's maids spent many evenings planning the wedding, putting invitations together, etc at Floyds and they never complained about the hours we spent in their restaraunt after we were done eating! The hummus was awesome! The shrimp was too, and the salads, and the specialty pizza, and the wine, and the service! We now go to Floyds for get togethers for bdays and holidays or just to relax! Super awesome place!
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch. Great specials going on for standard sandwiches. Super tasty and ridiculously low priced. Server was slow but I think we just may have been in a hurry that day. Will definitely go back to try some of their other menu items.
4	The food is really good. Had the meatloaf tonight and it was amazing. My one complaint would be that they do not have high chairs. We would have left going the restaurant but we had a gift certificate. My kids do well in restaurants but not having a high chair for my youngest made it more difficult to enjoy the meal and keep our children behaved.  We will probably not be back for awhile as a result. Which is unfortunate because the food is really good.
5	What?? Who knew this amazing restaurant was here. This place was so hard to find, but we drove around the area persistently to eat here once we saw the reviews on Yelp.It's pretty small but very impressive. Service was great, food was better, prices are really reasonable.My friend got the meatloaf - it was encrusted with bacon and he really liked it. I got the berry salad with granola - amazing. Fresh, colorful green leaves and ripe berries.It looks like this place might fill up pretty quickly & there aren't a lot of tables, I have no clue if they take reservations but I'd recommend them. Great place for dinner.We were happy with all the main dishes so we also got creme brulee - it was good but not the best, I'd probably skip dessert next time. I'll definitely be back, I want to try the pizza/flatbread, looked so good.
2	I hate to give such a cute place so few stars. The hubs and I met up with a couple this past Tuesday, they had heard great things about Floyd's and we are always up for trying something new, so off we went. When you walk in there is no real hostess, a girl kinda yelled from across the room to sit where ever we wanted. So we did. We started off with the spinach and artichoke dip. Not one person in our group liked it, in fact we sent it back. It was BEYOND watery and had zero flavor. Very clear that it was frozen spinach that had not been strained. I ordered the turkey burger. I took two bites and was done. The thickness and texture and taste is all off. I did however get tatter tots as my side and those were damn tasty! Hubs got the Philly and ate all of it, said he liked it. One of our friends got the Apple and asparagus salad, she said it was tasty. The other friend got the shrimp scampi, again a very very watery dish. He ate it because he was hungry and was worried about sending a second dish back. But he complained about it the whole way through. At the end the waitress brought us out a deep dish cookie on the house for the bad artichoke dip, which was cool of them and it was very good. The waitress we had was as cute as could be and really nice. The place is super cute, the patio area outside has a lounge vibe to it and I bet is wonderful at night and in the fall. I feel like there are way to many items on the menu which is causing lack luster dishes to go out. If they paired down the menu and had more of a focus food wise they could be really good.
5	We just moved here from Seattle. We tried Floyd's after reading the reviews. It was small with a friendly and attentive staff. We tried to go a second night, but have trouble finding it. Our GPS kept taking us past it into the next Mall. It"s well worth the effort however. No reservations accepted, but both times we went there, we got right in despite tHe full crowd. We had the chicken picatta: wonderful. The food is prepared just right. The salads are great (and large.) Easy to share. Wines are good, only by the glass. Our waitress didn't know if they have a corkage fee. The by-the-glass selections are fine however. Overall, hard to find but very good value with well pre.pared food in a fun environment. We'll definitely be back.
4	yjeir desserts are great!get the meatloaf when it is on special!
4	I work across the street from Floyd's and I am a big fan. When I'm looking for a dependable meal and good service in North Phoenix, I come here. Our salon used to order out from Floyd's which is how I first became obsessed with the food, but recently I have been dining in. I've seen live music there, sat on the patio, and always have patient servers when my girl friend and I park it there for a few hours. The only thing hurting this place is that not alot of people can see it squished next to Sprouts! Definitely choose this place over the chain restaurants in the area, you will NOT be disappointed. Try the bbq pizza or spicy chicken parm sandwich, those are my go-tos.
1	I highly recommend not going here.  The salads were the only things that were even average.  I had the Bacon wrapped shrimp.  Overpriced for what you get and bad sauces.  Wife had the grilled cheese, which should be impossible to screw up, right?  Wrong.  A triple-decker that had the quality of a school cafeteria grilled-cheese.  Just wonder-bread and processed cheese.  Fries were probably frozen and bought at Food City.  They try to pass off their fare as creative and price it for Scottsdale, but it is subpar ingredients cooked by an amateur.  Only thing going for it was the friendly staff.
5	Floyd's is our favorite restaurant in the valley. We eat there at least a couple of times per week. We don't even need to look at the menu anymore. Everything is delicious!!!!!! Amazing food, friendly service and the place is really cute. You see a lot of the same people in there. Kind of like a "Cheers" atmosphere. The restaurant is named after the owner's dog. I think that's really cute. If you haven't tried it, you must. It will be your favorite place too. ENJOY!!!!!!!!
4	Delicious food in a super comfy atmosphere. We've had the same girl wait on us every time-  she's always really nice and helpful. I love the apple and asparagus salad, but the real prize is the grilled cheese sandwich. Double decker, perfectly cooked, made with four cheeses, it's heaven! Cute neighborhood restaurant with great service and even better food!
5	What can I say, Floyd's Kitchen is awesome!  I love this place.  The food is great!  One of my favorites appetizers is the hummus.  If you are a fan of hummus, you will love theirs!  The staff is awesome and the ambience is great too.  When the weather is nice, it's fun to sit outside on the patio.  You can even listen to live music when they have someone their playing.  If you haven't been, check it out!  you will not be dissapointed.
5	Floyd's is as good as it gets!  We started going here a little over a year ago.  The food delicious and unpretentious but the best part about Floyd's is that they treat you like you matter.  There are fewer things worse than servers that couldn't care less about you.  The service at Floyd's is friendly, fast and always attentive.  The owner is usually out front talking to everybody which is really refreshing.  Nobody does that anymore.  Give them a try... you will be glad you did!
2	I had high expectations with all the 4-5 stars review, but this place didn't deliver. We had the meatloaf ("best-selling" per waiter) and the chicken kabobs ("great choice" says the waiter). The kabob are big chunks of white meat that is tasteless ("not seasoned well" says my taste buds)  on a bed of veggie swimming in watery sauce. The meatloaf maybe best selling this side of town, but I had better home-made.The service is attentive and quick, but the food needs to go back to kitchen. Just keeping it real.
5	This place is GREAT! A couple of coworkers and myself went here as we are ordering for our department holiday party and wanted to try some dishes. We had the meatloaf, pot roast and chicken piccata....absolutely amazing! Brandon, who I believe runs the place, came over and chatted with us and was so friendly. Their staff is very welcoming and friendly.  I live in Northwest Peoria and will absolutely make the drive here to eat.
2	Eh, the food here was just okay. I would definitely prefer to eat somewhere else for the money.The service was friendly, and the tater tots were good!
5	We found Floyds right here on yelp, then found them again on restaurant.com!  I purchased the $25 off $35 coupon for $2... then found out they do happy hour all day on mondays, along with live music.The music was good, the food was great, and my compound coupon/happy hour combo was freaking awesome.  Food:   artichoke spinach dip, Thai shrimp, and cajun bacon sandwich, along with a cookie.dessert.  The dip was a great app, served with tortilla chips and bread, and I don't even like the veggies.   The Thai shrimp was.good.   THE CAJUN CHICKEN AND BACON SANDWICH WAS PROBABLY THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD.  I will definitely.recommend it to friends, and more than likely order it every time I visit from this point on.   The cookie and vanilla ice cream was an excellent finish to the meal.  It was HUGE and thick while most other cookies are large nd very thin.  This was the best 'pzookie' type cookie I've ever had.FYI - the restaurant.com coupon CANNOT be combined with happy hour.  Luckily I'm a fat alcoholic so I got to use my.coupon on the food and happy hour discount on the drinks.A+.... highly recommend Floyds and will be inviting friends and fam to go with me.
5	Stopped in with my wife while shopping for a quick bit and had the mussels in coconut, lime, and something spicy sauce.   Fantastic!  Didn't leave a drop.   We plan to visit more often.  Ciao!
5	We stopped by after soccer practice - right around the corner SERENO PLAYERS AND PARENTS - and got a meal to take home!  Delicious, quick and easy.  The kitchen was quick and the servers got us rolling in no time!  Much appreciated after a long day.  Thanks Floyd's!!Food: Ruben Sandwich and Meatloaf, both excellent.
3	Hmm.. Not sure on this one. High - Creme Brulee for dessert was outstanding. Some of the best that I have ever hadMedium - Hummus Trio for starters. Good, but not great. Also, was a ton of hummus. Grilled Cheese was tasty, but was $8. Not sure about you, but I have high expectations for bread + cheese that cost me $8Low - Mahi Mahi tacos. No charge for the long, black hair that was in them.I am not too familiar with the area, but it seems that there might be better options.
4	Amazing food, quaint atmosphere, had a special that was salmon, and veggies, it was delightful, they are very larg
3	The service was good, the food was varied:  Hummus trio was fabulous, mahi mahi tacos were very bland and creme brulee was so/so.  All in all, not bad but, not somewhere that I would seek out to go back to.
4	Hubby and I went here on date night.  Ambience is okay.  Leaves a bit to be desired, but overall is a nice "local" vibe.  The shrimp ceviche is like pico de gallo with shrimp, so I suggest passing on it.  Other appetizers that other diners got looked better, like the hummus trio.  We got the chicken picatta for entree and the sauce was amazing and the mashed potatoes outragous!  Highly recommend this dish.  Service was great and we'll definitely be back.
2	Went to Floyd's on a Friday night. The restaurant was pretty full but we were seated right away, which was nice on a Friday night. The waitress got our drinks quickly and our order shortly afterwards. However, this is when my experience started to go downhill. My girlfriend ordered a cheese pizza. I was going to order the turkey burger but the waitress warned me that it took them the longest to cook. Instead, I ordered the cheeseburger, medium. We then waited at least 45 minutes but could not find our waitress anywhere. I knew something had to be wrong. I don't think a cheeseburger and cheese pizza should take this long. I stopped another waitress and was told that our waitress had already gone off shift. The new waitress went to check on our food and came back to tell us they were still cooking it.  Why would a medium burger and cheese pizza take that long? We finally got our food about 15 minutes later. All in all, it took over an hour to finally get our food. No apologies were provided other than they submitted our order during a "rush". My cheeseburger came out well-done, but at this point I was so hungry I didn't want to send it back. There was no attempt at all to apologize for the issues. It is unfortunate the service was so bad because the food was relatively good (if they would have cooked it right). I do not think I will ever come back here as there are other restaurants in the area that are much better.
4	I really enjoy going to Floyds. It's a nice date place with great wine prices and tasty food!
5	Bacon wrapped shrimp were incredible as was the chicken, bacon ranch flatbread!!!This could become my new favorite place... And they have a great happy hour!
1	Floyd's is a restaurant my husband and I have been to a few times and have had a satisfactory experience - not great, but satisfactory.  Last night six of us chose to go back because of convenience.  We had hoped for a better experience, but instead left out drinks and walked out after waiting for our food for one hour.  Instead of addressing the problem, we were treated poorly.  We had to ask several times what the problem was, especially since three of us ordered the same thing, chicken kabobs and the other three ordered standard items, a burger, cobb salad and chicken marsala.  The owner came over once and said there was a computer glitch but instead of offering us an appetizer or drink he shrugged it off.  Only when we said if the food didn't come out in a few minutes, we would leave, did the food server come over and offer us something.  The food never did come out and after one hour and 15 minutes of waiting, we left and went to another restaurant in the same shopping center.  Needless to say, we will never return.Bobbi M
3	Food was awesome! However could have been much better service. We were last party to eat and my friend appetizer which was the 1st item ordered was totally dismissed.
4	We were looking on Yelp for a new restaurant to try in our area and came across Floyd's Kitchen and decided to give it a try.  Nice place, good food, good service, though it did take our food a while to get to us, but we were in no rush and just enjoying our great bottle of wine.  we will definitely be back.  I had the eggplant parm and Paul had the Salmon with the veracruz sauce.  They were out of Creme Brule :( so we got a berries and cream for desert.  Pretty good, but could have used some type of crunchy to it.
4	This is a case of finding a restaurant through Yelp.  You yelpers came through for me.  Thank you.Floyd's is just a little place that you can miss if you aren't really watching for it-kind of tucked away next to Sprouts.  It is in my opinion worth it to you to make sure you find it.  We got there just before it started getting crowded.  The value of that is my dining companion  and I had the opportunity to experience the service while our server was having to handle more than one situation.Speaking of our server, I met certainly can recommend asking for Stephani.  During our meal she definitely had her job cut out for her finding a sauce that appealed for the shrimp on skewers that my friend had.  No complaints there, she came through with flying colors, during the busy time that we chose to got to Floy'ds.I was most impressed by how the dishes were served.  Visually, they were a delight before we even picked up a fork! How often does that happen?  This is especially important to me as it's something that I make sure happen whenever I serve a meal at home.  If I can do it at home, I am often disappointed when I don't find the same when I go out.  She had the bacon wrapped shrimp, I had eggplant.  Both were prepared to our satisfaction.  The creme brule made with bananas and strawberry was different but tasty as well.We will go back.
5	So sad to say Floyd's is now out of business.   I'm really going to miss them.
4	Sad to see the "for rent" sign on the building. Will you reopen somewhere else close by?
4	Sorry to hear it but it was reported in the Republic that Floyd's is closing.
4	Excellent food. Reasonable prices. Would rate 5 star if they had a kids menu.
