4	I was looking for a place to enjoy a quick snack and drink for happy hour. Remembering that La Hacienda at the Princess had just reopened, I decided to stop in and check them out. Walking through the resort's courtyards to the restaurant reminded me of what a nice place the Princess really is and put me in a relaxed frame of mind. Upon entering La Ha I decided to sit at the small bar right in front of me. I was immediately struck by the large assortment of tequilas on the bar shelves. If you like tequila then this is the place for you. They have over 100 to choose from at any given time. After looking over the happy hour menu I decided to have a La Hacienda margarita on the rocks. It was made with Sauza Gold tequila, triple sec and fresh lime. Really, it was quite good and at only $4 priced very well. Moving on to the food I ordered the Duo de Tacos (one beef and one chicken) and the Mahi Mahi ceviche. Both were very good and the ceviche was spicy in the citrus-tomato and chile juices. It might have been nice to have had a little more fish in the dish but again for $4 what more can you expect? The bar staff were very friendly and the service was good. All in all, a nice experience.
3	La Hacienda looks beautiful inside.  It's dimly lit and full of cushy dining room chairs and big, clean tables.  It's very inviting and with Spanish fare on the menu, the aromas are mouth-watering.  My party included gentlemen who were acquainted with the chef, so we were sent a complimentary serving of every appetizer on the menu!  The table-side (i.e. prepared table-side) guacamole and fresh tortilla chips = outstanding!  Definitely order them if you're in the mood for an appetizer.  There's enough to share among a group of four or so.  We ordered seconds, but there were eight in our party.  Yes, the guacamole does contain onions, but the delicious avocado and other ingredients are so tasty that the onions did not even bother me!  Queso fundido is another appetizer that was popular at our table.  It's a dish that's probably six inches long by three inches wide and 1.5 inches deep filled with a mix of cheeses.  It's served with warm tortillas.  The cheese got cold kind of fast, but that's to be expected.  We had a delightful Pinot Grigio from Argentina with our meal, if you like white wine.  Mmm!  For my main course, I ordered the "Atun" which is tuna.  The server asked how I'd like it prepared, and I selected "rare," which was very delicious.  It was a small portion served over mashed potatoes.  My boyfriend ordered the Camarones Enchiladas, which is shrimp enchiladas.  I tasted a shrimp and it was darn good!  The feedback I received from the other diners at our table was all positive.  So why the 3 stars??  The service.  The servers waited until our appetizers were finished before even taking our entree orders.  Not cool!  We didn't get to eat our main course until two hours after arriving at the restaurant.  Also, we were a big party drinking several bottles of wine.  Sadly we had to flag down a server each time we needed a new bottle.  For this class of hotel and subsequently a fine dining restaurant of the same class, I expect excellent service.  I instead received mediocre service.  Hopefully this was just a fluke.  I'll let you know when I make it back to La Hacienda.
5	Great Happy Hour Menu and wonderful staff and service.  The Happy Hour Menu now takes place from 4pm to 6pm.  Go with a couple of friends so you can share all the good food and drinks.  The La Hacienda and Prickley pear margaritas are really good.  If you are willing to try something new other than your normal Tequila ask for Danielle, the Tequila Goddess, she is a wealth of knowledge and she will definitely guide you in the right direction.  Try the Don Julio 1942 tequila, its a sipper not straight shot so enjoy yourself.
3	Came here before Richard Sandoval took over and it was great food. Came here again last weekend while staying at the Princess resort and while I enjoyed it, it wasn't up to its previous standards.The good: , the salad with goat cheese and almonds, ceviche, guacamole, grilled tuna, and shrimp entree. Also, GREAT margaritas.The bad: tamal had great flavors but was dry like sand which is unaccpetable at these prices, taco trio was nothing special, quesadillas were different but again, nothing special.I think Richard, who now has over 30 restaurants, probably needs to pay closer attention to the food at his restaurants to keep the quality up. That said, those dishes that were good were very tasty and this was a nice, convenient spot to go for dinner while at the Princess. I'd give it 3.5 if I could.
3	The food was good, but the service was strange. We called to get a reservation and at 6:30, they said the soonest they had open was 8:15. We tried to clarify if they had ANYTHING sooner, answer was no. Fine, ok, we thought we'd just have drinks at the bar until then. We got there and sat at the bar, and realized the restaurant had only an 1/8th of the tables filled. I assumed the tables were all reserved and that was why we couldn't sit. The hostess could have let us know we were welcome to eat at the bar tables. We were sat at 8:15 by the bartender, as it was obvious there was plenty of room, which was still empty by then. It was just a really strange experience to have such an empty restaurant have people sitting at the bar wanting to eat, but not sitting anyone (the people beside us were also waiting for a table). The restaurant still had over half, maybe 3/4 of the tables empty when we left. Maybe this was an isolated thing, but it was so uncomfortable I have unpleasant memories.
1	Given that this restaurant was 1/4 full on one of the busiest weekends (July 4) should have been a warning sign. We made reservations for 6:45 PM and were seated next to a table of 20 people with screaming kids (I am as mad with myself for not asking for another table as I am with the airhead hostess for seating us there). Given that there were more employees at the restaurant than patrons, I don't understand why the service was so poor. When we sat down they did the usual up-sell on bottled water (attention all restaurants -- this is getting ANNOYING) and we asked for "tap water" and I ordered a prickly pear frozen Margarita no salt. What arrived was a Margarita WITH salt. Given there was straw I went ahead and started drinking it, but within 60 seconds the waiter came to prepare the "table side guacamole" and he asked me if I liked the drink and I said it was OK but they went ahead and put salt on it. His response? "OK" ... note to management, when either your bartender or waitstaff screw up should they not try to make amends? Given that I've had "table side guacamole" at much cheaper places, like El Torito Grill, I expected something more than bringing a bowl with all the ingredients and the waiter standing there mixing them --- no explanation of WHAT the ingredients were or if we wanted this or that in the guacamole --- so why say "table side" when it might as well have been done in the kitchen? And to top it off I had to ask the waiter about the two hot sauces; e.g. what were they, were they hot or mild, etc. The guacamole was OK, not the best and it was EXTREMELY salty. My guest and I couldn't figure out why. My guest ordered the Filet with Cheese enchiladas and I ordered the "tres tacos". My tacos were probably an appetizer but I wasn't that hungry and quite honestly nothing on the menu looked that great. They also had an all-you-can-eat buffet for $29 but to my guest and myself it looked like a glorified taco bar (with a nasty looking roasted whole suckling pig in the middle -- I'm sorry, when I see something that could possibly be someones pet roasted whole on a platter it doesn't make my mouth water). My three tacos were one pork which was so hot I had to take a Pepcid AC after the meal, a chicken taco that was quite good and a steak carnitas taco that was smothered in the sweetest tasting BBQ sauce I've ever had --- that one I skipped after the first bite. In the meantime, table with all the brats (why do parents allow this?) kept getting louder, my guest's steak and enchiladas came. He ordered the steak medium rare and what came was somewhere between medium well and well done. The waiter was actually standing behind me when I saw my guest cut the steak in half and looked in shock at how well done it was. Before I could say "send it back NOW" the waiter said, ohh, that looks well done to me. So he took it back but offered NOTHING given that I was done with my meal by the time the next steak came which was BLOODY RARE. My guest and I had headaches from the screaming children and just wanted to get the hell out of there so he ate most of the steak but left the most bloody rare pieces for the kitchen staff to see when the plates were returned to the kitchen. We waited forever for the check and the waiter didn't take anything off the bill or even offer a free desert. I left a 10% tip and will NEVER be back.
1	Ehh, the tortilla chips were too thick and hard for me, my jaw hurt and I got a headache from eating them :(Tableside guac was so amateur! They had all the ingredients already in the bowl and the dude just mixed it up.  Didn't even ask me if I wanted it chunky or anything. I ordered the most expensive thing on the menu -- a filet steak with two cheese enchiladas.  Now, the sauce was pretty good; it was chile gastrique.  Not sure what that means, but it was sweet and went well with the steak.  I really liked the cheese enchiladas, too.  The menu is proud to stick a little * next to the filet, saying you can get it cooked to order any way you like, but they go ahead and ignore your request, lol.  I wanted medium rare and they gave me well done.  I got a second one but eh, wasn't in the mood for it anymore.Go to Bourbon Steak at this hotel if you're here instead :)
5	Perfect!  Great real gourmet Mexican food, great atmosphere, good service.  An upscale place but they do have a kids menu and plastic cups so still go even if you can't find a sitter.  Some reviews say the dress code is dressy; the wait staff wears nice jeans and black polos, so similar for the guests is fine.  It's on par with Rosa Mexicano in DC and NYC, Tamayo in Denver and Maya in SF.  If you like gourmet Mexican it's a must.  The corn soup with huitlacoche, the chicken mole, and the pork shoulder were some of our favorites.  The organic margerita and guacamole are also great. It's pricey; entrees 26-32, the organic Marg was 13; but worth it!  A huge tequila menu.  Enjoy!
4	So M and I went to La Hacienda for restaurant week and loved it. We're big fans of mexican food so we were eager to have a date night just down the street. The ambiance has an old mexican villa feel to it. We started with cocktail and sadly they didn't have our preference in vodka, Stoli Orange, so we settled with Svedka Orange. It was on the sweet side but tolerable. I had beef empanadas for a starter, pork tenderloin for an entree, and pastel mexicano for dessert. Our server seemed a little nervous or inexperienced but was nice overall. We'll definitely go back and try the yummy things on the real menu. Just beware its on the pricey side.
4	I would give this place 4.5 stars... really enjoyed it! My boyfriend and I visited for AZ restaurant week, right away the old world spanish decor was lovely, I loved the table in the little room we were sat in, one side of the table had this nice big, lush bench seat with a pillow- nice and relaxing. Our waiter seemed a little weird, but he did his job and gave us a laugh!  The food was wonderful, we got the ahi tuna and empanada appetizers, both were delish! Then we got the quail and pork tenderloin w/ chorizo entree's, sooooo good! Loved both of them, full of flavor and creativity! Dessert was also really good, we had the chocolate torte and the churro's w/ 3 sauces, both were a delightful end to the meal, rich and tasty! We also had their flaming coffee with dessert, we got the one with kahlua, not sure what it was called exactly, but it was a fun show! We definitely plan to go back, great experience all around!
3	Very Nice Hotel...Parking a lillte confusing but we used Valet ( its free! just tip the guys!) We went on a tuesday night it was very quiet... we tried almost everything. The queso fundido con Chorizo so good! Not to greasy I was surprise... the shrimp tacos were Delicious and the braised beef very nice and tender, it could use some more sauce thought! The flame coffee it was a must! after seeing it in almost every table but I wasn't impress :( To much cinnamon and the flavor its not that great... nice show though! I'll come back...
4	Danielle the tequila goddess doesn't have "Tequila Goddess" as her official title for no reason. She is the restaurant's tequila buyer and knows her tequilas. She arranged a tasting for our group. The restaurant was not busy at all on Saturday night, but was packed on Sunday -- probably the night that business groups check into the Fairmont for their week's meetings. La Hacienda was understaffed for the size of the crowd, but nevertheless the service staff did a good job under the circumstances. Food arrived warm, not hot, but was tasty. The guacamole made at the table is spectacular and you can specify spicy, medium, or mild.  Margaritas are the real deal.  For a different margarita experience, try the margarita with the serrano chile-infused tequila and pineapple.  I liked it!
3	This is continued from my post about the Princess Hotel.So we walked over to La Hacienda after having a few drinks at Stone Rose. We walked in, spoke to the host and told her we do not have any reservations. She went on to say "we are fully committed for the evening" I looked around and saw 3 tables seated. She said "they should be arriving withing the next 15 -30 minutes. We decided to go ahead and sit at the bar and have dinner since there was room and the food had been very good previous times. Bartenders were great, and they have a server there who is incredibly knowledgeable about tequila who was very helpful as well. We ordered appetizers (Queso Fundido) and chips and Salsa. we could have been content with that but after a few "sol" beers and a tequila shot, we decided to order dinner. I went with the tampiquena (skirt steak) and my girlfriend had the mole poblano (chicken entree)  They both were great and we continued to watch the restaurant and see if guests started to pack in for all the reservations.  They did have a group of 12 from the WM company who came in. but that was about it. I few more 4 tops who did not have reservations who sat in the lobby/bar area. After a filling dinner on the way out, I asked if they were still fully committed for the evening? She said " Didnt you see that huge party we sat?" I was like, yes that party of 12? They took up 4 tables.I understand completely that if they do have reservations they need to have room for them but they were turning away people who did not have reservations and we sat at the bar. I know $200 in the grand scheme of things does not mean a whole lot to them, but I will never go into a restaurant, who does not truly care about their business and want to try to find ways to get people in.
5	Best Mexican food in Arizona
5	I recently stayed at the Fairmont Princess and decided to check out La Hacienda. What a terrific surprise and where do I start? Do I start with the great tequila choices? Cocktails? The staff was really friendly and although I read mixed reviews about the service, we had great service both times were there! So, over the course of a couple of different meals, we tried quite a few items from the menu - most notable for me were the ahi ceviche (pumpkin seeds in there! Very unique and oh so good), the trio de tacos is a must and the pipian de puerc (slow cooked pork) is out of this world good! For dessert, I had churros and one night, I tried the cafe 1921. They make the drink for you tableside. Part of it is streaming sugar and cinnamon from above into the glass and watching it as it catches on fire. It's quite the show.  It was also really good! I'll definitely be going back next time I'm in Scottsdale.
4	La Hacienda is one of the dining options inside  the super classy Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort. It provides a very unique flavor of modern mexican cuisine which is oh so fresh and delicious.It is surprisingly light compared to what one would expect from traditional mexican cuisine. Would highly recommend. A friend and I went for dinner during the weekend but were still surprised to see it was decently crowded. We didnt have reservations but were promptly seated. The complimentary chips and salsa were really good but the star was the fresh guacomole that is prepared at the table . It is one of the freshest and tastiest i have ever had. For the main course my friend ordered the tuna and I had the crab enchillada and both were great . The presnetation of the food was also good . For dessert we shared the tres leches with strawberry salsa which was so fresh and flavorful. Would definitely come again.
5	Fantastic service and food!My wife and I stopped in for a Arizona Southwest experience and we were both really pleased with La Hacienda.It's in the Fairmont resort which we weren't staying at, but is very fancy. The restaurant seated us right away and even moved us from our first table which was very high traffic to a lower traffic area. I hadn't mentioned anything to the hostess or waiter, they just read my mind.Our server, Julio, was super happy to see us. Not sure why, but he sure made us feel welcome there.We ordered 3 dishes, we weren't crazy hungry. The fresh made guacamole, the tacos de puerco, and the empanadas. The guacamole was made table side and it was very good. Their chips and salsas were very good too. Not chunky but fresh and flavoful. The serrano chile in the guacamole gave it a little kick of heat.They tacos and empanadas arrived next. The tacos were incredibly tasty. A two bite portion bursting with bacon and pineapple flavors. The pork was browned and cubed finely and the the salsa had bits of pineapple, yellow bell pepper, onion and some other deliciousness. Combined it was better than I thought a Hawaiian taco would be.The empanadas managed to hold their own to the tacos. The pastry shell was perfectly cooked, delicate and crisp. The filling cheesy with bits of shrimp in there. Fantastic too.They were all small dishes split between the two of us. We left sated and feeling like we had some amazing service. I'd definitely come back the next time I'm in Scottsdale.
3	Went here last night with another couple for dinner.  The pitcher of margaritas was spot on, the chips were outstanding along with the guacamole and salsa.  I ordered the tortilla soup which I ended up sending back cuz to be honest it tasted and looked like a bowl of enchilada sauce.  My husband ordered the filet and enchilada which I have to say was cooked perfectly and definitely would order if I ever went back.  The other couple ordered the beef short ribs which I didn't taste but they both agreed it was over cooked. Service was great but when I have to send something back which I rarely do I can't give more then 3 stars.
5	Excellent!! This place is great! I think we had a taste of about everything on our recent trip to this fantastic restaurant. It's located in the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort. We were not staying there but made a special trip just to try it out after hearing and reading great reviews. Very nice relaxing Mexican themed atmosphere. Amy was our server and she was great. Items we ordered: Guacamole made table side. This was the best guac I've ever had. They ask how you want your avocados, (mashed fine or chunky) I thought all guacamole was about the same but I was proven wrong. It's a  perfect mixture of ingredients and spices. Our entrees were the "Filet a la Parilla" and "Seafood Enchiladas." The filet came on top of the best cheese enchiladas I've had in my life. They are made with many cheeses including Oaxaca.  The filet is grilled in a coriander spice and served with some type of sauce with red and green peppers underneath the Filet but on top of the enchiladas. (this is the best way to describe it). We also had several of the margaritas including the "Original", the "La Hacienda" and the "Cadillac." My husband also had a "Horizontal Flight" which consists of three different families of tequilas. Dessert was Cinnamon Churros and a specialty coffee. They flame the coffee table side to add to your dining experience. A great experience. Give this place a try even if you are not staying at the resort.
1	Never made it. No signage. No place to park. Too much of an effort. Went to Cantina Laredo on E. Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. instead. Very good experience there.
4	You take a long beautiful stroll to enter the restaurant and pass by the singing dancing Christmas Tree to get you in the spirit ( if you come during the Christmas Season ) . The tree was a light show with Christmas tunes .We started with house margaritas they were good and large and we shared a plain queso fundido . The fundido was a lot of melted cheese with butter and came with three warmed flour tortillas . Fundido is very filling and might be best for a group of people .My waiter said the very best dish that La Hacienda does with out a doubt is the Braised Beef Short Rib so I ordered it and he was right ! The rib was flavorful and nicely crusted , the vegetable escabeche on top cut the richness of the beef and the chile guava sauce was delicious . Creama potato puree completes the meal with all the flavors in harmony . The portion is also large the rib is a double rib and my leftovers made two lunches . (this dish alone was five stars)My husband had the slow roasted pork shoulder it came with roasted corn puree and pumpkin seed sauce and said it was very good .We had no problems using our preferred restaurant card and received one dinner for free . Service was professional and way above average making our visit a 4.5 stars .
5	The sopa de elote (roasted corn soup) is excellent as are all of the ceviches.
4	Revisit 7/27/2013: Unfortunately they have somewhat altered the menu and some of the more innovative (and better) dishes are gone.  The preparation also seems to have suffered.  Perhaps it is just a summer thing.  I hope so.  But I had to take a star away.Original Review: La Hacienda is not your typical Mexican restaurant -- the menu is very upscale, the prices are high, and the ambiance is that of fine dining.  If you want chicken enchiladas, cheap magueritas, and chips and salsa, there are many other places you can eat.  If you go to La Hacienda, you should be expecting a fine dining experience with Mexican-influenced food.  An example is the Chili Nagano appetizer, which is a spectacular rendition of a southern Mexican staple, blending the flavors of a slightly hot chili pepper with cheese, fruit, tomato, and chicken without any one being overwhelming.Not all of the food is as good.  The short ribs are great, the slow roasted pork is sometimes a bit dry.  The house marguerita is very good, but the pork belly tacos suffer from an overly-strong salsa.  You get the idea.  How come the five stars, then?  Because even the misses are pretty good and would rate four stars on their own, but the rest of the food, the ambiance, the beautiful setting, and the top notch service make this a five star experience.It also comes at a five star price.  Locals: you can save about $25 if you have the Preferred Dining card.
5	This is a hidden gem in Scottsdale!  The atmosphere is amazing...beautifully decorated, rustic and relaxing all at the same time.  The service was impeccable...they were attentive, but not bothersome.  The margaritas were delicious...I love a prickly pear margarita like nobody's business and this one definitely delivered.  The enchiladas were flavorful and just right.  All in all, a great meal with great service in a great location!
2	Ridiculously small portions for ridiculously high prices.  This is MEXICAN FOOD for gods sake!!!!  Do they realize how many knock-you-socks-off authentic Mexican food restaurants there are in the southwest???!!!!??  For a portion of the price!!!!  The pretty setting is a plus, but not THAT MUCH!
3	I gave it a 3 for ambiance.  The reviews were very misleading.  This place is very expensive!!  I'm talking $90 for mini appetizers & a couple of drinks.  There is no way Mexican food should cost this much!  The beef was full of big pieces of fat.  However, the guacamole was good and fresh.  Overall, pretty restaurant but the food is not worth the price.
4	A little pricy but the food is excellent! They also have a great selection Of tequila !
5	Tortilla soup started you off with a nice spicy kick.Next we had the shrimp ceviche which had succulent plump shrimp that had amazing flavor!  Finished with the beef fajitas, coconut flan and crispy cinnamon churros.  An amazing meal, lightening fast service
5	I love Mexican food (and I love "Tex Mex" which is a term I can't stand but I use it because there is generally disagreement between some areas of the two and I want to be clear).  I love hole in the wall joints that are in fairly rough neighborhoods, fast food versions, and my favorite, upscale Mexican food.  My new favorite - La Hacienda.I thought our first trip to La Hacienda could be a fluke, my other dining experience at the Princess was far from stellar so I waited for trip two to write my review.  Lucky for me my husband loved it too, we went back after two weeks.....Lovely decor, romantic if you can reserve a table by the window in advance.  You have to walk a bit from the main entrance but they will call you a golf cart if you'd like.  If you are wearing skinny heels, take the cart.The classic guacamole is delicious and we had an extra treat this weekend, they have some kind of guac fest going on so we tried the sampler trio - my husband loved the lobster guac, I liked the pomegranate but the pork belly guac was just ok.  You get six big chips with two of each type otherwise the regular guac portion is pretty good.We tried the short ribs the first time, you're not going to get much better than this.  I tried the short rib enchilada the second time, just as delicious with outstanding black beans on the side.  Cilantro rice is the way to go if you like cilantro.  Queso was just ok without the chorizo but better with, even if you just push it out of the way to get the flavor.Service is excellent.  Cocktails are unique with tons of top shelf tequila.  Sangria is delicious too.  No Mexican beer on tap but you can't have it all.I thought it was rather reasonable, on par with other places in Scottsdale.  Visit three is in our near future, they have a flaming coffee with rum or tequila that is made with quite a flourish and I want to experience it first hand.
4	Delicious and creative Mexican. Guacamole was outstanding and Tuna cerviche as an appetizer was superb. Only negative was oversalted Skirt Steak. Service was excellent...would definetely recommend!
5	I love Richard Sandoval restaurants.  Maya and Pampano in NYC are two of my favorites.  So when in AZ I had to try out La Hacienda.  One look at the happy hour menu and I was in love!The best El Diablo Margarita for $5.00!  Prickly Pear Margarita $5.00.  A whole assortment of tacos $5.00!  Ceviche was awesome.  Guacamole amazing!
5	Well, we've been here every week since I posted my last review.  Menu has changed slightly but the quality has not.  I wouldn't recommend the squash blossom app but they have added their guac fest guacamole to the regular menu and those are absolutely fabulous.  I tried their chipotle mango margarita and it was awesome (but no longer on the menu), the elderflower margarita is also awesome - so much so we went out and bought a bottle of St. Germain.  I know I mentioned it in my last review but it deserves repeating, the short rib entree is absolutely unbelievable.  Mole is great too.2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 margaritas = around $200 with tip - a good deal for what you're getting.
5	Excellent!  I wanted so bad to eat there the next night but couldn't make it back from Sedona in time. The filet on cheese enchiladas?  Divine and melted in my mouth like butter. The chicken mole...best I've ever eaten!  I'll miss this dish when I return home. The group I was with had the tableside guacamole and can't stop raving about it. We all split dessert and had the churros and empanadas. They were excellent as well. I'll make this a regular stop. Thanks Richard Sandoval, great execution!
5	One of my favorite Mexican places to go! Food, service, ambiance are fabulous! A must! However it is a bit pricy but well worth it!
5	For my boyfriend's birthday I wanted to find a great restaurant in Scottsdale that he hadn't been to, and that's nearly impossible. He loves Mexican and this was voted #1 in AZ. So I called a couple of weeks in advance for reservations and the chef said he would create a special coconut rum cake for the occasion (not a normal menu item). It was really wonderful tasting and the birthday boy was pleasantly surprised to see his favorite cake with beautiful decor and writing on it. We started at the tequila bar before dinner; La Hacienda has more than 200 tequila varieties so Evan had a margarita with a suggested tequila which was really smooth. I had the watermelon margarita off the menu which I also loved. We ordered the table side guacamole which rivaled the best guac I have tried, with fresh chips and salsa that is just the perfect amount of heat. Wow, this place sure does know their stuff. They also have a sampling of all 5 of their guacs which we will have to come back and try.We were seated at our table and our guac was relocated for us, so we moved onto dinner. The Costilla des Res (beef short rib) entree and the crab enchiladas were both extraordinary. The Costilla you didn't even have to cut and they had a sweet glaze. The crab enchiladas were hearty and just as tasty.To accompany the surprise cake we shared the flaming coffee which is literally a flaming tableside show with 1921 (Mexican spirit), coffee and lots of cinnamon; topped off with homemade whipped cream and chocolate shavings. I actually HATE hot alcohol but this was the first time I have been able to drink one. You couldn't taste a trace of alcohol. Including the custom cake, total bill between the bar and meal was $185 after tax and tip. Worth every penny.
4	Awesome!  Service is great and the food rocks!  Get the lobster tacos and the mix fajitas and you will be very happy!
2	It pains me to down grade them a few stars but this last experience was disappointing.I do note we did stop in for happy hour this time and really enjoyed the $5.00 margaritas and $5.00 mini tacos but I don't judge places by their happy hours because Happy Hours are usually happy anyway.We had a really great dinner here last year and thought we would again. It's a BEAUTIFUL ATMOSPHERE here and they have beautiful Christmas Tree and Ice skating at the Princess. For Dinner I was going to try the Grouper or the Pistachio Crusted Tuna this time but to my surprise they took them off the menu and replaced them with a Tempura Battered Fish. (website needs an update)  Why would I order Tempura at a Mexican Place? So I went with the Skirt Steak. OK I didn't like anything on my plate. The steak wasn't tasty. It looked OK but just didn't taste good. I guess it needed some salt and pepper. I should have asked for salt and pepper. It was just soggy beef and also was like chewing just cow and not a tasty steak. I didn't like the potato gratin because it also needed salt and potatoes don't taste good unless they are salted. I didn't like the enchilada because of the horrible thick mole sauce. This was the worst mole sauce I've ever tasted in my life and if it was my first time with mole sauce I'd never touch it again. The sauce wasn't balanced and was thick and too much chocolate and it turned my stomach. I do note the table salsa was seasoned nice and the bar foods we tried were made nice so I know you can get good food here.My husband ordered the short rib that I had last time. The rib this time was OK but not great like the one I had last time. This time it didn't have the really tasty crust on it and the portion size was much smaller. The rib was just passable and not made with the really great care like last time. But my husband felt really bad when he tasted my plate and told me I could have his instead since it was better.A very nice manager did check on us and offered to get me something to fix my meal and it was before I knew what was wrong with what I was tasting. I told her it was just OK.Last time they weren't busy and the food was very good. This time they were very busy and that might or might not be  factor in this last experience. I received my meal for free since I have a preferred diners card.
2	Two stars you ask? Yes I am disappointed I had to put two stars! I was ready to get my food socks rocked off. Incorrect. We went on Saturday night with a monstrous group. 4 children and about 10 adults. We had a rsvp at 7:00, and we were immediately seated. Great! And then it all went down-hill. The children were starving, so we ordered food for them asap (chicken fingers and fries). It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. It was bizarre. I wonder if they were making the fingers from scratch (egg, flour, shake-and-bake breading, and then frying). They did not seem extraordinary, so I highly doubt that. Luckily, our adult food appetizers had come out a little earlier. For apps, we got two servings of guacamole and fundido. the guacamole was NOT made table-side. that's the whole point of ordering guacamole! I see the other reviewers got theirs made table-side. I am super jealous. I am an avid lover of guac. I get it at almost every restaurant if it is on the menu. However, this was missing something. I think the avocados were not super ripe. Anyway, it wasn't that good. I had about two chips and called it quits. The fundido was unique: melted cheese served with hot tortillas. You spread the cheese onto the tortilla, roll it up, and eat it. Fun concept. Everyone raved about the cheese. A little greasy, but fun nonetheless. It was a little tricky to spread the cheese onto the tortilla, so perhaps recruit someone at the table to work the fundido station.I got the tempura sea bass (not on the online menu. the server said it replaced the: "scallop and pork belly"). Basically, it was a whole fish (yes, head and tail included) covered in tempura batter. The overwhelming tempura batter drowned out any sea bass flavor. The person next to me got the costilla de res (braised short rib). It was OK. Had a weird flavor to it...i think it was the guava sauce. Not only were the entrees pricy and mediocre, but they served all the adult entrees at once. One adult at our table's entree did not come out. The server told him they overcooked his steak, and it would be out in a few minutes. The server apologized in advance, but it was definitely rude to bring out our entrees. The steak did not come out for several minutes, and when it did, he said it still wasn't cooked to the specifications he asked for! Eek.
1	We ate here New Year's Day for dinner.  The server was rude when my daughter did not bring her id.  He told her if the "appetizer" she ordered was not enough as an entree, the soup could be brought out fast, but he never asked her again if she wanted the soup.  Her appetizer was over-cooked.  The rice that came with my chicken poblano was so over-cooked you could stick a fork in it and lift most of it up.  He brought me a new bowl of rice but I had to flag him down to get his attention.  The fried plantains were so over-cooked, they could not be cut with the knife.  I did not bother to ask for replacements.  My meal never should have left the kitchen. Some of the appetizer guacamole spilled on the table, but no one cleaned it up, although the server saw it, as did the water server.  The server was even cautious not to put the bill on it.  To top off the mediocre meal, they were out of the dessert we ordered, but the server didn't know it until he came back from the kitchen to tell us. It was just a disappointment.  We came from another resort to try this place because of the reviews. It just seemed like the place didn't care about the service or the food.
5	The food is delicious, but the best part is the desert coffees.  They are delicious and the table side preparation is an entertaining experience.
4	I had not previously been to the Fairmont Princess for lodging or dining, although I have been a guest and a big fan of three Fairmont properties in Alberta, Canada. Located just off the Scottsdale Road & 101 exit the property was easy to find. I reserved the Valentine's Dinner based on the menu I saw online. The menu showed a four-course meal of Lobster and Cauliflower Bisque & Scallops, Wild Striped Bass with English Pea Ravioli, Bone-In Cowboy Steak with Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese and a Brussels Sprouts, Bacon Marmalade, then finally Raspberry Lemongrass Cheesecake for $85 per person. The server was friendly and informative. We began with complimentary chips & salsa and each ordered a margarita (she the Organic Agave Nectar margarita and me the El Pina Diablo, a pineapple~serrano chile infused tequila). The server brought out the first course, which the menu on the table showed as Sopa de Calabaza. It was a roasted butternut squash soup with crispy pork belly, chipotle yogurt crema and a Granny Smith apple. There was a drizzle of chili oil on top. It was good, although I was a little puzzled it was not the lobster bisque. The granny smith apples were small strips at the bottom of the soup and I could not determine what they were - so I had to ask. The second course arrived and again I had to ask what it was because it wasn't the wild bass and ravioli I was thinking it would be. Instead it was Empanadas de Langosta y Camaron; a pair of small lobster and shrimp empanadas with a black bean puree, chile arbol and a watercress with an oil and vinegar dressing. By this time I was already feeling the food wall fast approaching and realized we had the main course and dessert yet to come. I was glad that being a guy it didn't take long to get ready so I was able to run a couple of miles before preparing for the evening.Course three prompted the server to ask how we liked our filet cooked. So this must be the bone-in cowboy steak with mac & cheese...no, it was Filete a la Parilla - grilled filet mignon, sweet corn and rajas tamal, crab fondue, roasted mushrooms and an Oaxacan chile demi. Again, another excellent dish, but not what I originally expected. By this time we were both so full that we barely ate this course. We each made a weak attempt at starting on the filete, but neither came close to finishing, and we both left the tamale. We brought them home in a nice looking take-out bag.Even though we couldn't eat course 3 that was no excuse not to push on to course 4. It was not the raspberry lemongrass cheesecake, but instead an Almond Leche Flan de Fresas, which was an  almond custard with caramelized strawberries and a few strawberries & black berries on the size with a strawberry drizzle. As a gift my girlfriend received a complimentary red rose.The meal was excellent and my girlfriend said it was the best meal she ever had. She loved the rose, the atmosphere of the restaurant and courtyard. It was chilly so the fireplaces were nice and inviting. The price was a little better than shown on the web site; $75 instead of $85. In researching the Valentine's Day menu it was surprising to see that the menu and cost described in the opening paragraph is what was shown on the restaurant's website (http://www.scottsdaleprincess.com/var/cdev_base/storage/original/application/bd42c11d30ed3a90e0baaf090772bb6f.pdf), while the $75 and menu that was actually what we received was shown on a different party's web site (http://intheknowhotels.com/valentines-day-ideas-the-fairmont-scottsdale-princess-resort-packages). Typically I would expect the hotel and its restaurant to be a more reliable source. Despite the differences, the meal was perfect, my girlfriend had an excellent time, and we enjoyed our first official Valentine's Day together. I would definitely go back and try some of the other items. They have a good happy hour menu where the El Pine Diablo is $5 rather than the $11.50 tonight, and there is a $10 heirloom tomato salad that caught my eye.
4	This is my fourth time here.  Obviously I like it.  That being said, the service today left me wanting.   I believe they lost my reservation, the one where I asked to sit outside.  My party of three had menus on the table for almost 30 minutes.  They forgot to make our appetizers and noticed, when the bill came, they even forgot to write it down.All that being said, the food was wonderful.  I had the chicken mole and guacamole.  Very good.  My guests had flautas and sea bass.  It looked very good, and they loved it.I would go there again.  Maybe just a bad night.
5	A wonderful experience in dining out at a beautiful resort. Would definatly recommend.
5	We ate her twice memorial weekend. First time we sat in bar and had drinks and apps. The table side guacamole is VERY good. The Margaritas are very very good.  The menu looked so good we came back two nights later for dinner. It lived up to what we expected. Everything, service, drinks, and food was on point. I suggest getting the guacamole and chips to start. You will have to have waiter remove them because it is hard to put them down. The ceviche is different but delicious and worth trying as well.  It was hard to choose a dinner because it all looked so good but I chose the tenderloin over enchilada's and it did not disappoint me at all. If your in Scottsdale try this place
4	When I heard there was an upscale Mexican restaurant at the Fairmont Princess resort, I got extremely excited. Bf & I love Mexican but pretty much have to settle for the mediocre Americanized stuff back in Ohio. The bride-to-be highly recommended La Hacienda, so we all stumbled over after a day of boozing & bronzing. We sat in the bar area, as it was happy hour, and treated ourselves to $6 half-price Margaritas. They were pretty darn tasty, especially after a hot day by the pool. I had wanted to move to a nicer table for our meal and was told nothing was available for nearly 4 hours - so make a reservation if you want to guarantee yourself a spot! We ended up eating in the bar area, which was great because our server (a nice blonde girl I can't remember the name of) was super awesome. Happy hour was only 5-6 and at 5:55 she reminded us and asked if we'd like another - despite the fact we had full glasses. Cha-ching. I was getting kind of full on drinks but gung-ho about the food so I didn't sway on our order of Queso Fundido ($14), Chicken & Shrimp Fajitas ($29) and Short Rib enchiladas ($23). The queso came out first and was tasty but not at all what we were expecting. Instead of being a dip, it was really more like stringy cheese that had to be forked onto a tortilla. Again, really great flavor but we ended up feeling like we ate cheese burritos when we were done. The smoky salsa that accompanied the queso was superb. One of the best salsas I've ever had. The flour tortillas were freshly made and a nice change from what I'm used to back home. Some other people at our table got the guacamole ($14-enough for 4!) and I was majorly jealous.Our meals came out (we were sharing both) and we managed to taste some of each before we had to box them up (damn queso!). We both preferred the fajitas over the enchiladas, but we aren't crazy about corn tortillas in general so that could have swayed us. The short rib in the enchiladas was amazing though. Both meals came with rice and mashed (refried?) black beans, which we were just kind of "meh" about. Needless to say, both meals were still great cold the next day. Being on a resort, it was AWESOME that we could take our last margarita to go in a plastic cup. God, I love vacation.
5	Service: 5 stars! Best waiter we've had in Phoenix in a while. Also, the happy hour margarita was one of the best I've had in the Valley.  Every person from the valet to the hostess to the guy who drove us back to the valet in a golf cart was incredibly nice.Ambiance: 5 stars! Wonderful gem of a restaurant. Not too crowded, not over themed. Just right. Elegant without too much pretension.Food: 4 stars - excellent food, very well prepared, decent sizes, but it didn't blow either of us away.  Price - surprisingly decent for a fancy restaurant with 3 drinks between the two of us.  I wouldn't call it inexpensive or affordable, but I was surprised that we didn't pay much more!The five star review is mostly for the service. I can't say enough good things about how warmly we were welcomed.  We'll be back for sure!
5	Love their guac.  Made table side.  Saw Tim Tebow here which was a plus. ;)  Yum.  It is a bit pricy for Mexican food, but you are in a hotel - a resort hotel - so keep that in mind.
1	Stopped by for a margarita, salsa and guac.Margarita: had the pineapple chilli marg. it was ok but expensive. Chips & salsa: mediocre at best. Kinda bland for us. Guac: blah blah blahThis place is really sleepy, and we were here on a Saturday afternoon. We were really disappointed. It was really expensive and everything lacked flavor. We had to add salt and pepper to everything but it was still blah. We didn't have any food because we were so disappointed with everything else. The resort was beautiful so it was nice to check out.  We went to The Mission for lunch and there is no comparison. The Mission is soo good.
3	We came here for Father's Day hoping to taste "authentic" Mexican food because yelpers say it is.. Fail! This is not authentic Mexican food! 3 stars- especially for the server (who told us himself that he is Mexican) who compared Mexican food to Chili's- uh hello! Chili's is not Mexican food!!)The food is NOT bad in any way.  It's their what do you call it.. Fancy, modernized version of authentic Mexican? Mm no thanks! Go to The Mission (now that's fancy, modernized authentic Mexican). The restaurant is very casual (no need to dress up).  I will say they have great service.  We even asked the gentleman clearing our table what he recommends and he says he's never tasted the food. *sigh.. Ok. Dessert menu came we asked server which do you recommend flan or tres leches.  He said bread pudding. Enough said.
5	Good food at a nice resort
4	High end Mexican Restaurant?  Is there such a thing?  Sure there is!  La Hacienda is a perfect example of that.  Located inside the Fairmont Princess Resort, this gem offers a high end Mexican dining experience.  We've been here for happy hour and they have great Margaritas and we've come for dinner.  The dinner is spectacular.  Here's what we ordered:Guacamole, $14 (prepared tableside)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=2JkVDRonRyvi3jZx4_qUuw#2JkVDRonRyvi3jZx4_qUuwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=SROog3ZPUjd0R0GZ2r8HPg#SROog3ZPUjd0R0GZ2r8HPgQueso Fundido, $14http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=fQNZkQPkLvIckEZDr9vdVg#fQNZkQPkLvIckEZDr9vdVgTampiquena, $30http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=X-viGoMAkqDhmK28EWS9qg#X-viGoMAkqDhmK28EWS9qgChicken Mole Poblano, $24http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=BURdzfDTQHaCEKxlrd2OXw#BURdzfDTQHaCEKxlrd2OXwBarbacoa de Res Taquitos, $14http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=VjETCzzdeXy2X2xDAuDAUA#VjETCzzdeXy2X2xDAuDAUACapirotada, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=aGiE3CUwG1_n1NyO_d1BVg#aGiE3CUwG1_n1NyO_d1BVgTrio de Helados Fritos, $9http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=4fhS2VZDUj07JKdJ_e6IsA#4fhS2VZDUj07JKdJ_e6IsAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-hacienda-by-richard-sandoval-scottsdale?select=t5RYGd6HJBlje0-2aAKOwA#t5RYGd6HJBlje0-2aAKOwAFor appetizers, the tableside Guacamole is phenomenal....smooth and creamy.  They don't add too many Onions & Tomatoes, which is a mortal sin for Guac and most restaurants do that.  The Queso Fundido is excellent and comes with fresh, homemade Tortillas....definitely not store bought.For the entree, I had the Tampiquena, which is a Steak cut thin and served with an Enchilada, Corn Mash, and Guacamole.....another excellent dish!  The Enchilada is covered in Mole Sauce, which offers a smooth, chocolatey taste to compliment the Steak.  Amazing.Kiddo and The Wife had the Chicken Mole Poblano and the Barbacoa Taquitos.  They loved their dishes and finished their plate.Dessert was the Capirotada and the Trio de Helados Fritos.  All I can say is yum!  I could only muster a bite of each because I was stuffed.  The family finished the rest.Service was spectacular throughout dinner.  I highly recommend this place to anyone visiting Scottsdale.Return Factor - 95%
5	This was a superb experience - everything about it - the food and the service! What a treat and worth every penny!I was visiting from DC and read about the restaurant so the concierge at the Fairmont  made me a reservation for 1. I had a flank steak dish that was so tender with a Margarita that was the best i ever had.The manager is Edison - what a star- its not every day that you get such star treatment as a single lady traveler!!!
5	I had to find out what this restaurant was all about when my wife told me she couldn't wait to go (she has been here before). I don't eat mexican food, I don't generally like it and lived all these years not thinking mexican food could be this good. The fajitas were great, the guacamole appetizer was unlike any I've had before. I would describe it as gourmet mexican food. Excellent service as well.
3	La Hacienda is one of four restaurants located in the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess Resort. Here are some comments:Pros: convenient location for those staying at the resort, lots of seating, friendly staff, fast serviceSo-so: quality of food (since this "Mexican" restaurant is located in a resort, expect "Americanized" food that won't be overly flavourful or spicy)Cons: the pricing is absolutely absurd for the quality and quantity received. I understand that the resort will charge a premium, a few examples of the rip off pricing are as follows from their dinner menu (http://www.scottsdaleprincess.com/var/cdev_base/storage/original/application/f48c77ba109d108991e0ec6df188a527.pdf):Appetizer Tacos de Langosta/Carnitas priced at $19 and $14 respectively - for this price you get 3 soft "tacos" that are no more than 3.5" in diameterGuacamole ranges from $14-$20 depending on which one you order.Sopa de Elote priced at $10 - for this price you get a most, 1 "cup" (250mL) of soupFilet a la Parilla priced at $36 - for this price you get a piece of meat that's about the size of 3 golf ballsAdditional refried beans or rice are priced at $6 each, and extra tortillas will set you back an additional $4.I found the "Spilt Entree Charge" at $5 to be extremely preposterous. This isn't a "fine dining" restaurant and this $5 charge is just another example of price gouging at this resort (other examples include paying $4 for a double espresso at the hotel gift shop, when street pricing is about $2.25, and $18 for a tube of sunscreen that anywhere else would be under $10).I can't say I can recommend this restaurant since the cost isn't inline with what you get on your plate. The food isn't authentic Mexican cuisine and you'll leave with a lot less in your wallet.
5	We were staying at the Fairmont and ate here twice and enjoyed both meals. The setting is beautiful and reminded me of the cover of the album "Hotel California" The Margaritas were some of the best that I have had as was the Guacamole Fest and the steak was delicious. Great service and a good wine list.
4	Loved the appetizers. I'd definitely return. Ideal date spot, or for business dinners.
3	Ok the food I finally received the Steak with enchiladas it was ok, but it took a bit. I told my waiter that I am gluten free. I told him a few times. He said I got it. Well he did not. When I received what he called the best thing on the menu it had something on to that had Wheat in it. I could not have been any clearer. The Steak was ok. It was not great. Also I had a mojito and it was not good. Sorry but you guys need to learn how to make one. Very bad. The one outstanding thing I did eat was the Guacamole, It was so GOOD. Overall I was disappointed in this place. I think it was just a bad night. I may try it again.
3	Overpriced, probably won't be coming back or suggest to other people.   Limited vegetarian options.    The flaming coffee looks like a cool experience, but we don't know how it actually tastes.   When it came down to it, the only reason that we ate here is because it was at the hotel that we were at.Some of the other reviewers say that the guacamole was the best they've ever had.   That's crazy to me, they must not have had that much guacamole in their lives.... I feel like I've actually guacamole at home that tastes better.  And for $15, their guacamole better be great.
2	Overpriced and mediocre food. I am Mexican and the food was did not meet my expectations. Soup was cold and enchiladas were average at best. Service was not great which surprised me considering I was in a resort. When the bill came saw that a 20% tip was automatically added to the bill which explained why waiter didn't care. Needless to say I won't be coming back and I don't recommend it.
1	Terrible service  and one of the worst dining experience . Our servers didn't seem to care or were interested in taking care of our large group of 6 adults 4 teens. The soup were served without spoons took a good 15 mins to get the spoons by which time the soup was cold. Gauc was made table side and had no flavor. Over priced and lousy service ruined a great family get together during the holidays. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. 2 stars for good -10 for service and attitude! !
3	The Princess is beautiful at Christmas time.  We go to La Hacienda two or three times a year, mostly during the holidays because the atmosphere out on the patio is amazing.  The menu is quite expensive and because of this, I expect the food and service to be top notch.  My last few visits, however could have been better. I've had the chicken enchiladas with gristle laden chicken and even had a small bone in one bite. Another time I had the chicken fajita plate and couldn't even eat most of the chicken. The texture was just gross. So this last time, I went with steak. It was very good.But my other issue is the service. I think it's always been the same waiter over the last year or two. He's very short with you when you ask a question.  We asked for another cup of salsa and he seemed annoyed by this, but it's not like I'm going to stick my arm into the fire pit in our table to get some salsa. Of course he never came back. I had to get up and find someone to ask.  Not cool when we spend between $200. and $500. on our visits there.  Then a different waiter brought our food which is fine, but no one ever came back to see how everything was and we didn't see our original waiter until we finished our dinner. The food is good though and I'll keep going back. I just expect better service.
5	Absolutely incredible experience!Our party of four had an amazing dining experience at La Hacienda last night. Wow. We started with tableside guacamole, highly recommended. Then we had a killer Tequila flight, followed up with Maestro Doebel margaritas, another wow, a must-try. The ladies enjoyed the salmon, I had the Pork Carnitas, and my friend had the lamb. All dishes were superb. My wife also enjoyed a Cafe Acapulco, which was prepared on a rolling cart with a fire display. So cool!The service was absolutely wonderful, and Ryan the General Manager was kind enough to visit our table and make excellent recommendations. La Hacienda is a hidden jewel, and I highly recommend a visit. We can't wait to go back!
4	Be sure to make reservations or be prepaired to wait.  This is a great restaurant!  The food is amazing and the service is good too.  It is pricy (expected in Scottsdale) but worth it.  YUMMY FOOD & GREAT SERVICE!
5	Just an overall great place to grab drinks and dinner with friends...  Not as high priced as advertised, so don't let the $$$ scare you off if you are just looking for a great restaurant.  Amazing cocktails, the Filet and Enchiladas are to die for and you can't go wrong with their dessert.Maybe my new favorite in Scottsdale...
3	Hi- went here with a large group and had a-ok time. My brother had his rehearsal dinner here which was an amazing experience. This time we were here for a birthday. It was a bit odd at the end of the night when we tried to pay. The server ran all of our cards, then asked to run again, then we all ended up with multiple charges on our bills. The management was good about getting it resolved, but it had delayed our leaving by probably at least 20 mins and then we had the hassle the following days. I will go back to give another shot.
3	I would have given this restaurant five stars. However, their beans have lard in them & they don't offer a vegetarian option. With this day & age, a huge percentage of people prefer either a healthy or vegetarian option &, thus, it's in a restaurant's best interest to offer this-especially an upscale one. Hence, it was disgusting to taste the flavor of fat/lard in the beans in their lobster tacos, which would have been fantastic had there been no lard. Additionally, they have a lovely, warm, soft, doughy churro dessert with warm dipping sauces in edible chocolate dishes. Great idea & delicious aside from the caramel dipping sauce, which in my opinion is terrible & ruined with a tangy goat milk as an ingredient. They should stick with more subtle tasting cow's milk & then that dessert would be fabulous. Pomegranate mojitos & fresh guacamole are great. The scallop dish is wonderful, though far too small & limited for price-especially if one does not eat red meat (comes with pork). Very dark setting. I suggest bringing a flashlight or cell with flashlight app in order to be able to read the menu. They should set silverware on napkins for cleanliness, rather than directly on table. Otherwise, good food, good service, & nice setting.
3	My husband and I have always loved and recommended this place, however today it was a bit disappointing... Happy hour menu has changed a bit, it used to be 2 tacos for 5 bucks now it's 1 taco for 4 bucks, specialty margaritas ( prickly pear and el diablo which are prepared with pineapple and serrano infused tequila) are no longer in the happy hour menu, neither was the tequila flight with the BEST SANGRITA I ever had, these drinks used to be 5 buck, now they only have beers and classic margarita and they're 6 bucks... time to start going elsewhere! :(
4	Lots of good authentic Mexican here. Good for gluten-free people because the chips are made of corn and there are good options that don't involve flour tortillas.   Our server was knowledgeable and responsive.  Our group had great meals and the margaritas were great. If you're in the mood for Mexican, this is a place to check out.
4	Prickly pear margarita excellent! Great service and food
5	Great Easter brunch.  Best ever!  Can't wait til next year.  They do it right!!!Kids at a blast with bunny-land, pony rides, magic show, jumpers and more.  From the time we arrived, til the time we left, world class experience.
2	I am always on the look out for great Mexican food.  This my yelp friends was not great Mexican food.  The bill was 176 dollars before tip.  I have money and don't mind paying for good food, but this was not worth it.  The steaks my parents had were burnt and the crab enchiladas I had were mediocre at best.  Paying for chips and salsa is ridiculous at a place like this.....  I do not recommend!  Food is up charged and not worth the skyscraper costs.  The only reason I gave them two stars is the habanero dipping sauce was good.  It's hard to make something with like that and have great flavor.  That is all!
1	Great food.  Way overpriced.  Tableside guacamole.  Two people, bill was over $250.  I'd say that it was some real expensive Mexican food.
3	Overpriced food. Great flavors on certain. We ordered guacamole sampler, it's the same guacamole with different toppings. Not very creative in my book, not worth $20. My chicken salad was delicious, chicken was marinated well and had great citrus infused flavor, the spices were well balanced. Chicken was overcooked. It was dry, if I pay $22 for a chicken salad I expect the chicken to be perfect.
5	Some of the best Mexican food of my life!! We started by doing happy hour, which was very tasty (tacos), but decided we would opt for the dining room full service dinner. The service was superb. Our server (I've forgotten his name! Darn!) was so attentive and just incredible! My husband ordered the blue crab enchiladas. Not something I would ever think to order but they were melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I had ordered the steak fajitas but was accidentally served chicken. I told the server I would stick with chicken (as opposed to waiting for a fresh steak to be cooked) and he went overboard to try to rectify the mistake. He brought a free margarita (also delicious - very talented mixologists!), and a complimentary dessert - the homemade churros with assorted dipping sauces! I DIE! If I could live in those dipping sauces and swim around my life would be complete! Everything was incredible! My only regret is that we were staying on site in a room with no mini-fridge, so no way to take leftovers. We were stuffed and couldn't finish everything and it pains me that the deliciousness was wasted by being thrown away because I would eat those leftovers EVERY DAY if I could. So, so good!My main advice would be to go ahead and sit in the dining room. I know they're known for their happy hour (which is also good), but the full dinner is leaps and bounds above what I'd ever expected. And being from Texas and Arizona, I'm a bit of a Mexican food connoisseur so I know what I'm talking about! ; )Also - get the churros. For the love of all things holy. Get 2 orders, just to be safe.
4	Exquisite food and service. However, be prepared to spend some money. Lovely setting along with prompt courteous service made for a delightful evening. Table side guacamole, while delicious will set you back $ 15 - Don't bother with the shrimp ceviche...as there was not enough shrimp yet it costs $ 16. My favorite appetizer dish was the lobster tacos bursting with flavor...
5	The food is very creative, fresh, and simply delicious! The lamb ribs were perfectly smoked and just the right amount of tangy BBQ sauce. The chips and table side made guacamole is seasoned just right and will be made chunky or smooth. The beef short ribs are very meaty and tender. The churro is perfectly fried crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with 3 yummy dipping sauces. The carnitas and filet both had rave reviews from the table as did the ice cream sandwich dessert and plantain split.
5	Two words: lobster tacos.Simply the best, flavorful, rich and spicy tacos ever.The margaritas are okay but you need to come here for the tacos. Also, customer service is superb!
5	OMG this place is amazing. Some of the most unique and tasty quacamole and salsas. Really great dishes and the drinks looked fabulous, although I didn't have any. One flaw was we were there for a birthday celebration and told them when we made our reservation and they did not acknowledge it in anyway.
5	This was the best dinner I have ever had. My husband and I dined here on our wedding day, and from the moment we arrived we felt like special guests. After having a drink at the bar, we were seated in a beautiful room by the fire place. We had the room to ourselves! I can't say enough about the food here. I've been here before and my dinner was superb. Our waiter, Julio, made food and drink recommendations and really made our experience even more amazing. From the table side guacamole to the mojitos with tequila to filets, pork carnitas and lobster tacos this was a meal to remember. We will be back! - and the tres leches  cake is to die for.  The staff here will make your dinner such a great experience.
5	Best guac ever made at your table. We sat by the fire, sipping delicious margaritas.  The ceviche is a treat. Service is very good. I had the Costilla de Res and it melted in my mouth.  Prices are a little high but it is worth it.
3	Food is really good. Unfortunately the service was very lackluster and did not live up to the price point of the heel or the quality of the food. I did see, I wish we had had that experience. I probably wouldn't come back, but if you can get a good waiter.
1	So disappointed ! We read the reviews and headed over, thinking about Lobster Tacos.Parking was a nightmare, poor signage for those of us from out of town. Strolled the grounds looking for the entrance to the resturant, beautiful grounds with all the Christmas lights maned carousel.  The aromas in the air as we entered we so inviting. The hostesses were very friendly, but seem surprised we'd be there to dine when we weren't staying there.  Sat us right away, in the corner by the kitchen. The hostess was the only staff we ever spoke with.  Water was poured then we sat and sat and sat and sat.  After 10 minutes (maybe a little more) we hadn't received a "Hello" "I will be right with you" or any kind of greeting so we left. Perhaps if we'd been a guest at the Fairmont we would have had better service and we would of had the opportunity to experience the Lobster Tacos others rave about.
1	So disappointed ! We read the reviews and headed over, thinking about Lobster Tacos.Parking was a nightmare, poor signage for those of us from out of town. Strolled the grounds looking for the entrance to the resturant, beautiful grounds with all the Christmas lights maned carousel.  The aromas in the air as we entered we so inviting. The hostesses were very friendly, but seem surprised we'd be there to dine when we weren't staying there.  Sat us right away, in the corner by the kitchen. The hostess was the only staff we ever spoke with.  Water was poured then we sat and sat and sat and sat.  After 10 minutes (maybe a little more) we hadn't received a "Hello" "I will be right with you" or any kind of greeting so we left. Perhaps if we'd been a guest at the Fairmont we would have had better service and we would of had the opportunity to experience the Lobster Tacos others raved were so good.
5	Ate at La Hacienda on Thanksgiving Eve. Truly exceptional food and service. Expensive but worth it.    We made a meal for four from appetizers. All were exquisite. Guacamole sampler was inventive. Empanadas were wonderful. Best of all the sweet corn tamales. Chocolate flan was sinful.
3	This place was ok. Had house margaritas during happy hour and it was unremarkable. I ordered taco trio and it tasted ok but the portion was very small. Tacos were mini sized. Looked pretty though. Guac was fresh and tasty.
5	Dinner only. Ask for Angel. This is so cool they even have a tequila sommelier. Began with a recommended tequila flight and spicy crab guacamole. Amazing. Probably the best guac we have ever experienced. I had the filet. Wow. Had to finsh with coconut flan cake.  This was a dining experience we need to repeat.
5	THE MOST AMAZING MEXICAN FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN!!!This place has an excellent atmosphere, rustic and hip. Their menu is eclectic and a mix of Mexico meets the Southwest. Guacamole table side any way you want it--to die for!Lobster tacos-tiny bit of heat and sweet buttery lobster. Salsa-heat, but flavor!Seafood enchiladas robust with crab flavor and wonderful verde sauce. Tamale, refried beans and rice were delicious. Finished off with Tres Leches Cake which melted in your mouth and the churros, served with three dipping sauces in edible chocolate cups. A gem you wouldn't find unless you saw it on Yelp or your friends told you about it!!  Make a reservation!
2	I would recommend skipping this restaurant.Reasons to avoid this place:1.)  The service is poor.  Example, we waited 42 minutes to place our order.2.)  The food is poor.  My 4 year old complained that the chicken strips were gross.  4 year olds can be picky and don't make very trustworthy food critics but I tried them and indeed they were disgusting.I ordered the Carnitas Hacienda and it was quite poor for a $30 dish.  You can drive 5 miles to the Senor Taco in the Walmart parking lot and get far superior Carnitas Tacos.  Senor Taco is delicious btw.  2 Carnitas tacos there will set you back $6.  Seriously I challenge the chef at La Hacienda to go to Senor Taco and learn how to properly prepare some of their dishes.3.)  The prices are very high for the food quality.  $30-$45 per person is an entry level high end price and the food is Cheesecake Factory quality.There is much better food locally for far cheaper prices.
2	The food was excellent. The service was insanely terrible.  So bad it almost deserved lower scores. We had a reservation at 645pm for 4. We ordered 2 appetizers 4 cocktails and 3 meals because obviously with 2 appetizers we had a ton of food. Not only did our meal come before appetizers they tried to rush our meal so much we had everything out at once and they were trying to clear our table within 25 minutes.  We never worked with the same server. To boot after far above the average per head ticket they added a $6 charge for "splitting" a meal.   With what we spent that was obnoxious.  Very disappointed.
4	The food is excellent  , great special occasion restaurants .. southwest flair not the typical Mexican food . Excellent choices of Tequila  - and cocktails..
5	Woodfire tables,  a giant christmas tree with songs playing and lights that turn on and off, ice skating, ect. The whole place is decorated amazingly. I love it! Omg you have to come here during christmas at the princess which is from december 20th to january 3rd.
