4	Small place in Arboretum out-door mall. Great food! Reasonable to lower prices. Some unique low-country/Cajun dishes. Live music on Fri. and Sat. evening. Get there early the band has their own following!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in South Charlotte.  Great Cajun food.  My favorite is the fried oysters with cuke salad and their awesome mac 'n' cheese (their mac 'n' cheese is NOT out of a box).  Their sweet tea would make my Southern grandma proud. To avoid crowds, for lunch I recommend arriving before 11:30 a.m. or after 1 p.m. and for dinner try to get there before 6 p.m.   CYD is not open on Sundays.
5	The place is really as good as it gets.  If you like your food a little on the spicy side and enjoy a laid back but cool setting you should give this place a try.  I mean seriously, everything on the menu is fantastic.  They have everything Cajun/creole, from seafood dishes to red beans and rice.  It's a pretty small place so if you have a big group you might want to call ahead, but if you're looking for a nice place to hang out or even a romantic place to take your significant other give this place a try.
5	Smothered cabbage. I almost want to end this review with those two words. Smothered freakin' cabbage. If you haven't had the smothered cabbage, you are missing the true meaning of life. I can't even properly describe it, as the description won't do it justice. No matter how many times I wash my hands, my fingers are not clean enough to type of the holy deliciousness that is Cajun Yard Dog smothered cabbage. It's something like cheese sauce that the cabbage is in...I'm not sure what that stuff is, really, but it's GOOD.There's all kinds of wonderful cajun specialties, and the menu also has a few Southern classics, like the pimento cheese plate. I enjoy the pickled vegetable salad as well. Their prices are reasonable, the service is good, and the decor is as charming as anywhere I've been in Charlotte.
5	Tucked away in the Arboretum Shopping Center is a little piece of Bourbon Street, dressed with mardi gras masks, Christmas lights, and beads.  Somehow they managed to keep it classy, with intimate seating arrangements and quiet music.  Think New Orleans jazz hangout rather than Girls Gone Wild.  I love their great beer selection with a big variety of IPAs, lagers, and stouts.  I have never once eaten craw fish in my life, and I decided to brave it out and order the Black and Blue Craw fish Pasta, the special of the night.  It was a portion large enough for two meals and it was scrumptious.  I thought the blue cheese complimented the crawfish (and I was a little scared of this combination at first).  Taylor, our waiter, spoke with us about the restaurant and his love of Cajun food.  I felt very welcomed and I am a craw fish fan now as well.
5	On the very enthusiastic reviews of Rebekah, Joy, and others, we headed to the Cajun Yard Dog last night and it was as good as advertised.The staff was one of the best and most friendly in Charlotte.  The gumbo and jambalaya was very good and, as Joy so fervently reported, the smothered cabbage was excellent.We finished it off with a fresh buttermilk pie which was absolutely delicious.  Great staff, delicious food, cozy ambiance and Abita on draft.  What else could you ask for?
3	I should try this place more often. The first and second times were pretty good experiences for me. Sometimes they're busy so it takes a few minutes before a server starts things out for you. The food is great, the interior is fancy and decorated with lots of Mardi Gras things. The sign is very bright neon yellow which is easy to find. The green beans a bit weird though, I wouldn't try those again. They mix it with something else which takes away the taste of the green beans. The inside is a bit small though, limiting the seating if it's crowded.
3	Thumbs way up: a variety of Abita to choose from, including root beer for the kiddies.Thumbs kinda downish: gumbo that smells and tastes like pepper gravy and BBQ shrimp that don't seem BBQ'd at all. More like stirred up in some tomatoes in a pan.Thumbs really really down: zydeco mardi gras hell atmosphereI know you are never gonna get real Cajun, Louisiana cooking in the Carolinas or elsewhere, but why? Why is it that even people FROM Louisiana can't open a place in another city and have it be authentic? It's like there is an Authenticity Force Field around south Louisiana. I am giving this place 3 stars because of the Abita and the fabulous appetizer called the Calamari Okrachokie (fried okra, calamari and artichokes with a sort of Cane's sauce, if you know what I mean) and the perfectly breaded and fried catfish filet. It's harder than you think to fry stuff in a truly appetizing way. And the very friendly and accommodating staff gets my appreciation as well.
5	I consider myself a connoisseur of fried food.  And while that may not strike some people as anything to brag about, Cajun Yard Dog acts as proof that there is a right and a wrong way to fry.  And by God, they do it right.I could go on for pages about this place, as it's certainly my personal favorite in Charlotte.  But I'll simply mention the sides, service and the beer.Most entrees are accompanied by 2 sides.  Those sides range from collared greens to sweet potato fries, from gumbo (extra $) to some of the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten.  The service isn't always fast.  But even someone as picky as I am about service will be pleased by the friendly, knowledgeable waiters. The beer selection is pretty phenomenal for a place of this breed.  Lagers, Ambers, Fruit beers (including Purple Haze from Louisiana's Abita) Porters, Stouts,etc.  Basically, even micro brew drinkers can consistently find a beer that they've never tried.  If you enjoy spicy food, fried food, good food or good beer, do yourself a favor and try Cajun Yard Dog: Charlotte's creole connection.
2	This place's menu held much promise for me, but was quite a disappointment.  I've only been there once, but there was a common characteristic running through all their food that was hard to ignore...no seasoning!I love Cajun food, primarily because I enjoy the type of food and the spices.  At CYD, you can find all your favorites on the menu; just don't look for them to be properly seasoned.Jalepeno Deviled Eggs:  there was an essence of jalapeno but absolutely no kick...and no salt.  Just a bland deviled egg.Fried Oysters:  A little too greasy and absolutely no seasoning in the batter.  I'll go so far to say that they were the most bland fried oysters I've ever been served.My sides were "all day green beans" (bland), collards (bland), and slaw (bland).The quality of food was pretty good.  Just don't look for authentic cajun flavor here.  Maybe I hit them on a bad day, but you'd think that I would've liked something here...but not so much.  Seriously...salt, cayenne, and peppers are pretty cheap.  CYD ought to invest five bucks and give these a try.
3	Being that I am from Louisiana... it was nice to finally get some Cajun food home away from home.The food was OK, it isn't the BEST tasting cajun food. The food was a bit bland, but OK.I loved their chocolate pecan pie! - I dont really like far stretched sweets... I like my sweets simple, but the pie was good!The place was also a bit pricey for that little food but great customer service! Very sweet people and atmosphere. I'll come back for their live band on weekends!
4	I wandered into this place for a lunch meeting after discovering that the Katz New York deli is closed on Monday and we did not want the "usual" Quizno's/Subway/etc. I will say that unless you know what you're looking for, there's just no way to tell from the outside what the Cajun Yard Dog serves.At 1:00 on a weekday, the place was surprisingly busy and we were only able to find two seats at the bar, where there was a large TV tuned into a sports channel. The bartender took our drink order (a sweet tea for me and my friend went with a Red Oak draft) while we reviewed the menu.I settled on the hamburger Po Boy, which was probably a mistake. Not that it wasn't good, but it was a burger on a baguette with mayo lettuce and tomato. I should have tried something a bit more Cajun, which was my own dang fault. I did get the sweet potato fries as my side and they were absolutely perfect - sweet and salty and plenty of 'em!My friend asked the bartender for a recommendation and went with that - the meatloaf. He said it was very good with the two sides - mixed vegetables and mac & cheese.The service was good and I was very pleased with the price too. Good, good food. I could see into the kitchen from the bar and it looked very clean. The only downside is that the place is very small  only  a handful of 2- and 4-top tables plus 4 or 5 seats at the bar.Would I come here again? Absolutely!
3	It is not your average-Charlotte menu. Most of the food is fried and it is certainly flavorful, but I wouldn't say spicy or hot. It is a decent casual place to grab lunch and I would certainly go back.
4	As some of the other reviewers have said, they do have some good fried food here... however, if you are trying to cut back on your fried food intake, I would recommend the  Shrimp Creole,  the Shrimp Etoufee, or Blackened Mahi.  For those not sure of the difference, the Shrimp Creole has a red tomato-based sauce while the Shrimp Etoufee has a brown roux-based sauce and seems a little spicier to me (however, that could be just due to different chefs putting their own spin on it -anyway I love both dishes equally well!).  As far as sides, I personally like the fried okra or  mac & cheese when I am in  the mood for "comfort food", but if you want a healthier side, you can go with a side salad or steamed veggies.    They often have great selections of soup of the day as well... one of the best I've had here was a corn & seafood chowder - very rich and delish.   They do have some great beer selections - several offerings from Abita, and the Dixie Blackened Voodoo is quite good too. The service is usually very good with friendly and helpful servers,  but the place is small so it can get quite busy at times!  Expect a wait if you are going during "prime time".  Unfortunately, I usually don't save room for dessert, but they have some great southern classics on the menu - Bananas Foster, Bread Pudding, ChocolatePecan Pie... Yum!
4	This is one of the few Charlotte restaurants my husband and I visit on a regular basis and is one of the few restaurants we take visitors to Charlotte to.  Although small inside, the atmosphere is jumping with everything "southern" and "Louisiana" on the walls.  The waitstaff is very friendly and have great recommendations for first timers. The jalapeno deviled eggs are an excellent starter. For lunch I always get the Catfish Po Boy with sweet potato fries.  For dinner the red beans and rice entree is my favorite.  Be sure to save room for Chocolate Pecan Pie or take it to go. Good beer and wine selection too.
3	Family vacation to visit friends who now live in NC. We are all originally from NOLA and wanted to give this place a try. We were in the mood for home cooking. I have to say they were not bad. The fried chicken was good and they do something really special with their cabbage that I have never seen but made it really good. My girls 7 and 9yrs had the mac n cheese and loved it. The red beans were luck warm when they came to our table and tasted can. The seafood was OK but could use a little more seasoning (you know how we like our seasoning). The service was also good the waitress was very nice.
4	The hubby and I were searching for a new restaurant to try out for a quick lunch and we ended up at Cajun Yard Dog.  The place is a little small but quaint.  The ambiance was relaxed and casual with a seat yourself approach at the front door.  The menu offered plenty of tasty cajun options including the standard jumbalaya and po' boy sandwiches.  I enjoyed the fact that they had a long list of classic southern sides to choose from on the menu (however corn bread, one of my favorites at cajun restaurants, is not included in this list).  I ordered the pimento grilled cheese sandwich with a side of collard greens.  My meal was delicious.  The pimento cheese had quite a kick to it and my nose was running by the end of the meal.  My husband ordered the seafood jumbalaya.  He's long been in search for the best jumbalaya in Charlotte and has ordered it at several restaurants only to be disappointed.  He actually seemed to enjoy it at this restaurant even though it was served with mussels which is usually outside of his seafood range.  The service was decent despite the fact that only one waitress was serving the entire restaurant by herself.  I liked that I was able to get a to-go cup for my tea when we were leaving.  It made up for the fact that they didn't offer splenda in their repertoire of sweeteners on the table.
3	Creole cooking - the largest mystique of my culinary curiosity. Sure, I've eaten a lot of weird shit; it's a trait that comes with shoving an item in your mouth as your first method of solving general curiosity. But Cajun food... how does it work? What the hell is in it that is supposed to make it so good?My general impression of Cajun food is that people, living in a swamp their whole lives, lived off dredging the bottom of river beds and boiling or frying whatever came up. Usually when people are faced with the most unusual ingredients, then they'll work their hardest to make it taste good, and there came the allure. Creole became my culinary unicorn. Living in New England, I didn't stand a chance at finding any creole. I read up on it a lot, but also couldn't find a lot of the ingredients, like a gumbo file or crawfish. When I moved to Charlotte, I had my first Cajun experience at the Cajun Queen. I split a seafood etouffee. While not holding the spice I was hoping for, it was pretty good all the same. Thusly.... we come to the Cajun Yard Dog. It was an interesting night to go. I had loaded up on margaritas and wasn't feeling all that hungry for the fried oyster po'boy I had been eyeing on the interweb for months, so instead went for the gumbo. I got the wrong damn gumbo. I wanted seafood gumbo, because chicken, sausage and rice doesn't interest me, and it was in a beef broth, not seafood stock, so it wasn't particularly to my liking. For what it was, though, it was pretty good. I was expecting something much thicker, however. There was a spicy tang at the end, but not much of a flavorful palate to begin with.We did start off with the fried artichoke/okra/calamari app, and that was pretty good, but standard fare. Their 'remoulade,' as a lot of people have pointed out, really tastes like mayonnaise and cocktail sauce slightly stirred together. Not impressed. One person I was with got the crawfish etouffee, but it wasn't as flavorful as the one at the Cajun Queen, not to mention that there was too much rice and it overwhelmed the sauce. Also, the collards were undercooked. The last item that didn't disappoint, was that my friend got a blackened chicken po'boy. This was a frickin' huge sandwich, and the chicken was cooked well, was spicy, and had huge slices of tomato with lots of lettuce on flavorful bread. The one thing that I really wanted turned out to be the only really good thing at the table. Bottom line: The atmosphere was friendly, and the service was good.For food, stick with the po'boys. I am definitely going back because I need a fried oyster po'boy! Everything else that I experienced... I'd want to go elsewhere.
3	So solid and crispy reliable.I have no idea if this is authentic Cajun food and I really don't give a shit.All that matters is, this is tasty eats.  Check it out if you are in the mood for some fried semi-greasy goodness.
4	Went here with co-workers on a Friday. Definitely a place that deserves repeat business. I ordered fried oysters and red beans and rice - and I got some of the best fried oysters I've had in a long time. I've notoriously had trouble finding any place in Charlotte that had fried oysters that I liked. (Only notorious because I complain about it loudly.)One of my co-workers got a fish sandwich that looked to die for. One got a BLT which I'm sure was just great....I can't remember what the rest of the table got, because I was too busy shoving oysters in my mouth and going "yum".
4	First off, I'm not going to enter into a debate about authenticity.  Authentic to what?  To how your mom, your grandma, his grandma, my grandma makes it?  If you travel to New Orleans (or Rome, or Paris, or Hong Kong) you will find "authentic" food prepared hundreds of different ways.  So, who cares?  Does the food taste good? That's what I care about and the food at the Cajun Yard Dog tastes good!The restaurant is small and feels like the kind of place where after you visit a few times the wait staff gets to know you and you become a friend.  I love that.  The food (appetizer and entrees) arrived quickly, were correct and were delicious.  The waitress was friendly and kept our drinks filled.  She smiled pleasantly at our kids dropping noodles and fries on the floor.  She was a winner:)All the items we ordered were great.  I am pretty sensitive to spicy food and my Shrimp and Grits were not spicy at all.  I realize that most expect food at Cajun establishments to be spicy.  If you like yours spicy, I am sure they will adjust the heat.  The mac n' cheese was so awesome.  I cannot imagine the calorie content, but it was stellar.Personally, I can't wait to go back.
3	This place was good; the calamari and okra appetizer was great, excellent meatloaf, the BBQ Shrimp were good, and the pecan pie was GREAT!I don't know how authentically cajun this place is, but they serve comfort food, and I left comforted!  This is a great place to split an appetizer, main dish, and dessert between two people...plenty of food.  Good value!
4	Pros - Red beans and rice, shrimp po' boy, fried okra, bread pudding, and RED OAK beer. Cons - Really bad live music.Solid little joint serving good food and cold beer. Service has always been good as well.
5	Great little hole in the wall place. the seating area is small in this strip mall. but the flavors are huge. For lunch we wanted some Cajun flare. Immediately upon walking in you think its a little cheesy decorated place, but then we seated ourselves and was soon greeted by Lynn who says she was going on her 9th year there. she was so joyous and helpful with lots of information. She made our daughter feel great buy teaching her how to make a star in the bead necklace, (Lynn---Shelby thanks you!) After reading reviews here we decided to order the deviled eggs, although they were tasty- I think my own have bolder flavors. BUT the fried green tomatoes was outta this world!! WOOT WOOT we had the fried chicken which was recommended by Lynn and it was really good, I could taste that they are either soaked in Texas Pete or it is at least part of the breading process. but detected no "heat" per say. The chicken was crispy outside and very juicy inside. The mac n cheese is nice as well as the cucumber salad. Great place to get some fried foods that are made to order and in house!!! no pre processed crap here!
5	Cajun - Smajun - this place rocks!  Cabbage is to die for!  Quirky wines and unknown beers are there for the adventurous.  Lynn is a hoot - ask her for beets next time you are in (inside joke).  Their pimento cheese could bring world peace!  A must try but an even bigger repeat performance restaurant - eat here regularly and have never had anything but the best!
1	I was at the Cajun yardog tonight. Usual wait wait wait&wait. There were two tables open. We told the hostess that we had four people. She said she would not seat us until the other couple arrived. We told her they would be there any moment.she still would not seat us until the other couple arrived. The most ridiculous policy I have ever heard of. It's like you were accused of lying. We then said we were just two to get a table. My wife sat down and the hostess removed two of the chairs another ridiculous move.I asked to see the manager and the owner pretty much blew us off. At that point I got a little irate and groped a couple of f bombs. Which I do apologize for. I will not apologize for the ridiculous no let me rephrase  asinine policy to make you wait and wait and wait and wait.We left and went to New South "Fabulous " glad it happened. We never will return nor will our friends because the wait and wait and wait "Ain't worth it"
1	Great restaurant for years. We have been hundreds of times. Lately we limited our ordering to fried chicken which remains great.  Other choices have been declining in quality to the point of being sometimes inedible.  We have sent fish back three times in a row.  Veggies watery and overcooked except the greens which have gone from sublime to tasting like cardboard.  You have to beg for the included biscuits and pay a dollar for honey.  Waits for tables are always long and even regulars are ignored when there are open tables at busy times.  Last night we planned as usual to arrive before the rush at 5:45 so we could dine in time to reach a movie.  Two tables for 4 were open when our friends arrived and they asked to be seated.  The hostess was rude and nasty saying they would have to wait until we all were there.  We were late by 5 minutes because of a call about our mother from the rest home she just moved to.  They complained and asked the manger to seat them explaining their predicament.  They got the last table for 4 and the gruff hostess knowing we were soon arriving promptly ripped the additional two chairs from the table even though there was no one waiting at that minute for these two chairs without a table.  Knowing this would not work,our friends left.  On the way out,the father of the hostess who has to our knowledge no association with the restaurant flipped off our friend and his wife and told him to, "get a life di..head".  At which point our friend appropriately dropped the f bomb toward this sicko.  When I arrived and was told of what happened by our friends wife, I asked to meet with the owner,Ron Atherton, who told us the hostess was simply following policy. He called our friends liars even though i didn't tell him what they said. I told him it was a stupid policy and that it was now our policy not to dine there again despite being regulars for years,essentially since the day it opened.  Will miss the chicken but not the rest of the crap.  There is always New South in the same center, always great with the nicest owners in the world and the fantastic Table274 in Cotswald to replace this tired old dive with a rude owner.
5	Love this restaurant!  We've been coming here for years and have always had a wonderful experience.  I've read some of the other negative reviews and I couldn't disagree more!!!  We are regulars too, but we do not expect special treatment.  Isn't a wait a good sign of a great restaurant with excellent food and terrific service??  I cannot speak more highly of the food.  I absolutely LOVE their cajun dishes and always end the meal with a dessert (the chocolate/pecan pie is my favorite!).  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great meal in an awesome atmosphere.
4	Great Service!  Early dinner here last night... Crawfish Etoufee very good (4.5 yelp stars), Collards (4 stars), Sweet Potato Fries (5 stars Fantastic with a little vinegar on top), Anduole Sausage (3.2 stars) and for Dessert: Chocolate Pecan Pie (3.9 stars).
4	I became a big fan of Red Oak (beer) because they have it on tap here.  I'm not a huge beer fan but I would definitely recommend it!  I LOVE their shrimp po boys and I recently tried the gumbo.  Big portions and great prices.  Also, I am down with the buffet of hot sauces!  they don't make things too spicey...so if the thought of hot Cajun cuisine scares you (because you are a baby kitty...) no worries.  This is a great spot!
5	Fantastic food.  Would definitely come back here next time I am in Matthews.  My grandmother loved it.
3	Wow, what a let down. I've read so many of these great reviews, I had to try this place out. Met my daughter for dinner here tonight. The place is small but comfortable. It was busy although we didn't have to wait. I ordered the chicken & andouille sausage  jambalaya w/ mac & cheese and my daughter got the crab cake po boy w/ sweet potato fries. My daughter's meal looked great and she said it tasted good too. The sweet potato fries were alright. My meal was a different story. The jambalaya was bland and must have been put on the plate too early because it was luke warm when it arrived. The portions were small and overpriced (14 bucks for the jambalaya). The mac & cheese was the saving grace. It was damn good. I will go back again but will have to try some other dishes. The service was very friendly.
4	This is my go-to for good Cajun food in South Charlotte. I always just walk in and sit at the bar, a little small but cozy. Very friendly staff and regulars. My favorite is the Crawfish Etouffee, consistently good. Great southern sides to go with the entrees as well. The desserts are all homemade and taste great. I usually forget to save room though. This is one of those local places in town that you have to at give a try once.
4	We stopped in to grab dinner tonight and it's the first time we've been in a few months.  We started with the pimento cheese appetizer which is house-made and served with crackers and a little dish of beets.   The pimento cheese was good - with a bit of spicy heat and not too much mayo.  I had one of the wine specials which was an Italian red.  It was very drinkable, but after tasting David's Abita Christmas Ale, I wish I had ordered that instead. For dinner, I got one of my favorite dishes - the shrimp etoufee. The prices have gone up a little, but I don't mind since they are not skimping on the quantity or quality of the food.  The etouffee was loaded with lots of shrimp.  The gravy was not quite as spicy as I normally like it, but it was still good. I also went with one of my favorite sides here - the fried okra.
5	Celebrated New Years with some close friends and wanted to brag about what a great experience we had. Our Server Lynn, was very friendly and knowledgeable. She made great recommendations. We all had different plates from fried chicken, Blacken Mahi Mahi and the Spicy Cajun Jambalaya. Great Food, Great Service and nicely priced.
5	This place is about as authentic as you can get to New Orleans. It doesn't try to live up to its atmosphere. I can't tell if the people who own the place used to live in New Orleans, but they do act as if they do. I really hate to say that I believe that the place is authentic, as that its decorated with a few beads, and a "burbon street sign." However, the beer lights are authentic [had the new orleans feathers], and the LSU flags were dead on.  Given that it was authentic, the food and service is not fast. I'm not sure if its because the kitchen is slow or if they are meticulous. The food is simple. The place was packed [at lunch on a Monday]. The food had a small kick to it. The prices do seem a little high, but the portions are large. If you get a poboy, there will be a lot on your plate, enough for more than one meal. Additionally, given a no/low carb diet, you can ask for the rice&beans to be without the rice. Awesome! This place is comparable to my diet, close to where I work and live, and is close to average for a decent plate of food. I'm sold!I had the catfish, and I liked it. I dinned with family members [who had never had Cajun food before] and they liked it as well.Lastly: The TVs. Typically I abhor a television at a restaurant, but the sound was muted   and it didn't really take away from the atmosphere. People were happy to be here, liked the food, and were happy to be around each other.
5	One of my favorites in Charlotte!  You will find fantastic southern fare and seafood & delicious authentic cajun dishes here.  I never leave disappointed...or without eating way too much.  A few of my favorite dishes: the pimiento cheese and pickled beets appetizer is incredible.  I'd never be one to order pickled beets but they're awesome and the pimiento cheese is perfect.  There are great sandwich selections (shrimp po' boys, catfish, fried chicken ....) but my favorites are the platters.  You'll get a huge helping of your choice of fried oysters, shrimp, chicken, blackened mahi...the list of mouthwatering choices goes on and on...and then you also get a choice of two yummy southern-style sides.  Mac n' cheese, collards, smothered cabbage, sweet potato fries....seriously it will take you a hot minute to decide between all the menu choices.  Lucky for us, there's a pick two platter option if you can't choose between fried oysters and blackened mahi--yes please!  I'm always part of the clean plate club here, so I've only been able to try dessert twice (pretty sure I was pregnant both times!) but no surprise it was amazing.  Loved the bread pudding with bourbon sauce and their pecan pie.The atmosphere is fun--a small restaurant with tons of New Orleans gear hanging everywhere--beads, alligators, beer signs, etc.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  I've never had to wait more than a few minutes before someone comes over to take drink orders.  There's a good beer selection and a fun bar with sports channels.  Nothing goes better with some friend oysters than a nice cold beer and some SEC football!  There is limited seating, so it can be tough during the busiest dinner hours.  But remember, good things come to those who wait!
4	The prices are a bit high but the food is great. The blackened meatloaf is excellent.
4	Finally made it in to Cajun Yard Dog! This place can be a bit tricky with getting a table! Quaint inside, popular for sports fans and great food can pack out the inside in no time flat. My wife and I ventured in for an early-ish dinner on a Saturday night. The menu houses a phantasmagorical array of Cajun choices. Etouffe, jambalaya, seafood....all choices apropos for the bayou-seeking culinaries. First, we ordered a few drinks and an app. Great beer choices. Red Oak from outside of Greeensboro, and Abita root beer. If you haven't had Abita's root beer, you must. It's incredibly flavorful and not overtly laden with sassafras. The house-made chips are wondrously prepared. A little more done than most, served with herb sour cream and a BBQ cream. The BBQ cream is faint and sweet and the herb is much more pungent.My wife ordered a menagerie of side items. Veggies, Mac n' cheese, fried okra and jalapeno cheese grits...oh, those grits. They are incredibly creamy and packed with flavor(s). All were fantastic. I had the chicken jambalaya. A HEAPING plate of jambalaya packed with chicken, smoked summer sausage, rice, spices and a brilliant sauce. Each bite is packed with that roux-y, tomatoe-y, spicy sauce and the chicken/sausage chunks in each bite are subtle and plentiful. The level of spice is manageable for anyone, in my opinion. Not over the top but definitely enough for you to recognize throughout the meal. There was so much of it, I had to take most of it home!  Prices are fair and the service was great. Next time, have to try the desserts!So happy with this quaint, festooned with Mardi Gras accoutrement, Cajun joint! Can't wait to go back!
3	After trying Cajun Yard Dog for the first time yesterday I am even more convinced that I don't love Cajun food. I think I have tried every Cajun food place in Charlotte and each time I leave dissatisfied. Yesterday was no different. I was certainly underwhelmed by the food. The atmosphere was cozy and a little over the top tacky but in an entertaining way. My guest and I sat at a corner table. No one puts Baby in a corner! Sorry I just had a Dirty Dancing flashback.  I was fine sitting in the corner. We were greeted immediately which was nice and the waitress was more than happy to give us the rundown of the menu and her personal favorites. She did not like the Etoufee. Oh that's not a good sign. My intention was to order the Etoufee. Now what?I had the Fried Oysters and I will say this, they were probably the BEST Fried Oysters I ever had! The coating was DELISH! Light, crispy and non greasy. I could have pigged out on the oysters alone and would have left very happy. The only problem was there were only 6. I personally would have liked a few extra on the plate. The big disappointment came with the sides. Fried Okra (hello, one of my favorite veggies!) and Red Beans and Rice. Doesn't get anymore Cajun then that. The Okra was over fried and VERY GREASY. Yuck! The Red Beans and Rice was equally disappointing. It was very bland and they were luke warm.  For what we got I felt the price was high especially for lunch. 6 oysters, Red beans and rice, Fired Okra and a club soda, $15.80 before tip.  A little steep IMO. Throw a dozen oysters on the plate and then I will gladly pay the $$.
5	Absolutely deserving of 5 stars.  Not just because the food was amazing, but also because this place is a little tucked away.(alot of people we talked to in town don't even know this is a sit down restaurant! Criminal!).  That's mostly the fault of whoever decorated the outside.  In desperate need of a change to their facade to attract attention.Notables:-beer menu has a lot of unique options.  and 3.50 each one!-great choice of sides.  our favs were the cheese grits and fried okra.-all 3 entrees we had were amazing.  cooked really well and used really high quality ingredients.People, just go, okay?  this place is way better than it looks.
4	There are lots of other comments here in reviews that describe the Yard Dog. I've always enjoyed the food here (whether it's "authentic" or not). There for a while it was taking too long to be served to make this a lunch spot during work week. But lately, the service has been much faster. We've been able to get in and out in 45-50 minutes. I work nearby and with all of the restaurants in the area this one stays on the list. Get there early (e.g., 11:30) and you'll get a good seat. Wait much longer during the week and it will fill up. Shrimp and Grits are excellent.I just wish they would bring back the biscuits.
2	Sorry, this place doesn't get it. I went two years ago and it was ok but this week it was C- at best. The catfish was greasy and the oysters were soggy. Must have changed hands recently.
4	The Yard Dog has style, their own style, that is. It's campy and fun to go there. I like their menu (my husband is crazy about their cajun meat loaf) and they have a calamari appetizer that is amazing. I highly recommend their fish entrees if you like fish (steamed or fried or, of course, cajun!) Not particularly impressed with their red beans and rice, but their etouffee and gumbo are excellent. I love their side dishes, which includes mac n cheese, fried okra, cucumber salad, green beans and much more. The Yard Dog always has fun beer options and a great dessert menu, as well as an easy kids menu that will please the picky little eaters in your family.
2	Been here a few times in the past since the "new" ownership took over a few years ago.  Hadn't been there for a while... decided to return with the family for dinner.  I was SHOCKED to see how much the prices had risen.  I've worked in several professional kitchens.  I understand food costs, profit margins, etc.  Trust me, WAY overpriced.  Needless to say, I was disappointed.  I gathered the family and left as soon as I saw the menu...something I've never done.  Like I said, the food's alright.  I respect the individual restaurateur, usually some of the hardest working people you'll meet.  But, I work hard for my money too.  CYD, you're gonna have to do better than that.
5	Best Cajun food around, no wonder it was completely packed in there!
3	This place is enjoyable, but it's not the best cajun food I've ever had. I've been twice and had the shrimp and grits and the catfish po' boy. Both were decent. That's about all I can say about it.
5	Love this place.  Best etouffee in Charlotte.  Great fried chicken.  Great sides.  Their smothered cabbage is like nothing you have tasted.
4	I eat here at least once every two weeks for one dish and one dish only, a bowl of seafood gumbo! I'm from the south and have tasted some good homemade gumbo, but this is some of the best I've had in a restaurant. Huge shrimp top it all off and the seafood in it is a meal all by itself! It's not on the menu though so ask for it by name but I guarantee you'll be as pleasantly surprised as I was. I gave it 4 stars because a friend of mine recently came with and tried the Ceasar salad, chicken gumbo side, and red beans n rice side. He said the salad was amazing but bigger than he thought and the sides just tasted ok. I can ONLY vouch for the seafood gumbo.
4	Food was great! Had the grouper blackened. Also enjoyed the craft beer selection. Unfortunately there was only one server for the whole restaurant and service could've been quicker. Still recommend this place none the less.
3	I had heard good things about the 'dog, and have to say that in general, I was a bit disappointed.We happened to be in the area for one reason or another, and so we stopped in for what we hoped would be a quick meal. The menu looked appetizing, and after placing our order, we settled into a nice discussion and waited for things to arrive. And waited. And waited. And waited.Eventually the dishes showed up, which meant we were able to dig into our dishes, and it just led to some disappointment. To be fair, it could have been because of the huge wait. But the dishes really didn't live up to the description on the menu, or to the level we  had been hoping for that was seen by many other reviews. They weren't bad - they just didn't have the kick we were expecting.Off night? Perhaps - it happens to everyone. We may try again, but since they aren't in our neck of the woods, it might be a while.On the upside, the decor was definitely interesting, and because of the service misses, we had plenty of time to look at it.
1	Made Pre call way in advance to get a party Catered...was told call on Wednesday before our Saturday event.Called on that Wednesday and then was told" oh we can't do the catering"Really left us hanging.What Losers... Never even think of giving them a big order...you will regret it.
4	Great casual spot for lunch or dinner.  Emphasis on casual.
4	Love it! The service is always great the food is even better! There is a wait sometimes, but it's definitely worth it! The people are nice a really homie place!
5	Great food (blackened red fish was AMAZING), and excellent service. Fun for the whole family. Definitely going back!!!
3	Great cajun fried chicken but suuuuch a looooong wait. But all the food is so good here. It's hard for me because I have no patience. I have opentable and I am used to walking in and sitting down, but the food is just so darn good here I give in every time. Hmm. What do I like. Umm. Everything.  But most of all the chicken, the catfish, the fried green tomatoes, the jambalaya. The owner is also omnipresent which shows just how much the place means to her. The desserts are really great too, but you knew that.  I would tell you what time of the day I noticed it was slower, but then it wouldn't be slow at that time anymore now would it? So fend for yourselves!  Just kidding. It seems to be slow around 2pm. When I say a wait I mean 1-2hrs 5-9pm every time I've gone so if you can go at an off time and you have ants in your pants like me do so.
5	Awesome fries green tomatoes and shrimp and grits! The appetizers make a great lunch!
3	Menu was very intriguing...it was my first time there didn't know what to order and I settle for fried chicken, grits, and greens. my grits s and greens were cold, was not impress...on the other hand the fried chicken was to die for...Delicious! Will definitely g go back to try some of their other menu items.
4	Amazing! Excellent service & the best fried catfish, shrimp & grits & Cajun food outside LA!! Will come back!
4	One of my favorite places to eat! Great local place for anyone in South Charlotte. Friendly staff.
1	Perfect joint if you're looking for a truely SOUTHERN REDNECK HANGOUT where the regular patrons are loud, rude, and vulgar. The wait staff have grungy fingers and hair and like to chat rather than wait tables. So if you have time to spare and don't mind redneck gawking as a past time, feel free to stand around and wait while the "regulars" drink, swear, and watch tv.Why would anyone ever eat here?!
4	Yes, they are slow, but the food is cooked to order in a small kitchen!  It's worth the wait......so think about chillin while you wait. If they tried to rush you out to boost their volume, you would be mad about that!
5	I grew up in Southern Louisiana so I have had a few authentic Cajun meals in my day.  By far, CYD has the best Gumbo in the City and I have tried most places that offer Gumbo.  When I say best, it's the closest to the dark roux southern Louisiana gumbo I remember.  The red beans and rice are good and the etouffee is excellent.  Prices are moderate.  From reading some of the reviews, it seems prices are being compared with McDonalds.  No they don't have a dollar menu.  Try Burger King.
4	The food was wonderful! We had the Seafood Jambalaya and the Crawfish Ettouffe with the fried oysters as a starter. Oysters were a little small, but flavorful. Both the jambalaya and ettouffe were delicious! Only one thing that would prevent us from revisiting is the awful long wait. We waited about over an hour! The place is very small, so be sure not to show up hungry on a weekend night! :)
5	Perfect joint if you're looking for a truely SOUTHERN REDNECK HANGOUT where the regular patrons are loud, rude, and vulgar. The wait staff have grungy fingers and hair and like to chat rather than wait tables. So if you have time to spare and don't mind redneck gawking as a past time, feel free to stand around and wait while the "regulars" drink, swear, and watch tv.Why would anyone ever eat here?!BTW - Lying about the number of stars is the only way to prevent honest negative reviews from becoming buried in cyberspace.
5	Fantastic menu and preparation. Great beer and wine selection. Friendly and extremely knowledgeable staff. Very neat story.
5	Perfect joint if you're looking for a truely SOUTHERN REDNECK HANGOUT where the regular patrons are loud, rude, and vulgar. The wait staff have grungy fingers and hair and like to chat rather than wait tables. So if you have time to spare and don't mind redneck gawking as a past time, feel free to stand around and wait while the "regulars" drink, swear, and watch tv.Why would anyone ever eat here?!BTW - Lying about the number of stars is the only way to prevent honest negative reviews from becoming buried in cyberspace.
2	When first going to the Cajun Yard dog, I thought that it was fantastic. I continued to go and notice that there was an inconsistency with the food; one day its good the next  day not so much. I notice especially with the side dishes, the collard greens are ALWAYS overcooked, the macaroni and cheese is always a different consistency.  When they fry things it's never cooked all the way though there are always uncooked parts of the batter that they use and on top of that they are moderately expensive for inconsistent food. I have decided its best that we part ways. Oh and the management is rude and never speaks to anyone. I will NOT be going back!
4	Awesome authentic NOLA food and atmosphere. I travel to that part of the country and this is as good as it gets. Portions are huge, fresh, and fairly priced. Great local and micro beer selection and tasty desserts. Does get pretty busy on weekends so just be prepared to wait... Fast bartenders make that tolerable! One time had fried green tomatoes that were out of season, but that's the only negative in 10 visits.
5	I often venture into Arboretum for a range of miscellaneous reasons and one day, I noticed Cajun Yard Dog. What does Cajun Yard Dog even mean? Does it matter? No, not really, but it definitely caught my eye. To me the name said simple, very casual and authentic. I bookmarked it immediately vowed to come back and see how it upholds to my beloved, Cajun Queen.My cousin was visiting from California and we were yelping through Charlotte trying to figure out where to eat for dinner. I mentioned that I've been meaning to try Cajun Yard Dog just because the name is just so random and cool. That was enough reason for him and let me tell you, BEST life decision ever. We ordered fried oysters, deviled eggs, gumbo, fried green tomatoes, fried chicken, fried fish and much much more. The madness does not stop for fat kids. How do you judge how amazing a place is on the amazingness scale? It is how guilty you feel after every bite yet you still finish every single thing you ordered!I've been back maybe 10 times since that first visit and Cajun Yard Dog never fails me. If I HAD to recommend a few dishes to you, it would have to be the Crawfish Etoufee, Shrimp & Grits and the Blackened Whatever the Fish of the Day is. I've had the fish of the day three times and every single time, it was AMAZING. Squeeze the slightest bit of lemon on there and viola! PERFECTION. The Crawfish Etoufee is steaming of flavor in every bite and they are mighty generous with the amount of crawfish you get (and for $10!). If you don't get the shrimp & grits, you HAVE to get the cheese grits as a side along with the Green Bean Almondine. No idea what kind of wizardry goes on in the kitchen, but I am beyond addicted to Cajun Yard Dog! The food is amazing. The staff has that southern hospitality that makes you feel just at home and the prices are RIDICULOUS.. ridiculously CHEAP! See this is where I'm conflicted. As much as I love Cajun Queen, the prices are steep! Cajun Yard Dog gives me the authenticity, the quality and the bang for my buck. Let's just say I've cheated on my beloved CQ quite a bit nowadays.Side note: I recommend going for lunch instead of dinner. The portion sizes between lunch and dinner aren't significantly different, but the prices definitely are! Lunch prices are about $10 or less and dinner prices are close to $20. I have to admit that even though I know this, I still came back for dinner once because I couldn't get the yard dog cravings out of my system and the next day was Sunday (the only day that they're closed)! Not my fault, I was trapped.
3	If it would let me give a 3.5, I would. CYD is a story of almosts, yes, plural. My friend and I were trying to escape the downpour. We saw this place across the parking lot and decided to make a run for it. I'll try to keep it short. The menu got me stupid excited. It was like I was three years old and stumbled into a candy shop, only full of Cajun food. Every dish sounded great. It was a list full of classics. We got there after three, so we missed the chicken and waffles! Dammit! I decided on the Catfish po'boy so I could eat half and save room for the chocolate pecan pie later. My friend ordered the blackened meatloaf with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.  My po'boy was okay. I've had better, but it wasn't bad. My friend's meatloaf and sides were very good. Though, there was nothing blackened about that meatloaf. A bit of a misnomer, but awesome nonetheless. Dessert fell flat. My chocolate pecan pie tasted more like a melted hot fudge sundae. I wish the chocolate had more body to it, like a custard. My friend's bread pudding was also just okay. I plan on returning, but next time I'll try an entree instead of a po'boy. OH, no liquor here. They only serve beer, wine, and nonalcoholic drinks. It's too bad. I wanted a hurricane. The whole experience had a lot of potential. It was almost great.
4	Love this joint in the Arboretum, uber casual eatery where you can count on a good po' boy NoLa style anyday. A favorite for a lazy Saturday lunch for us, a seat yourself kinda place most days, with a fair selection of microbrews for a place so small. Hot sauces abound at the bar (past what's on your table already), just ask the bartender to pass one over to you! Mac and Cheese side....yum! And plenty of other sides (lots like Okra, collards....) to choose from. The Gumbo the last time we were there? Delicious! This is a favorite of ours, make it one of yours too (just don't go when we need a table- ha!)
5	The fried chicken is to die for and the Mac and cheese will make you like your plate. I love finding these little gems in my home town!
5	I have been only twice, and have gotten only the fried chicken and the fried catfish (woe to my arteries). Both have been among my favorite meals in recent memory. The fried chicken was juicy and well seasoned. The catfish was expertly prepared and was almost melt-in-your-mouth. Okras were delicious. Mac and cheese was among the best I've had. Slaw was unique. I recommend this place with no reservations.
2	Brought home a 16pc box this evening based on friends' assurances it was some of best in Charlotte. I found the chicken to be devoid of spice and way over cooked.  Maybe they were having an off night, but there is no way that I would order fried chicken here again . However, the collard greens and Mac n cheese were quite good.
4	Food was fantastic.  Service was good.  Wait for table was bearable.  Bar selection was okay.  We liked the small atmosphere with eclectic decor.  We will be back.What we ate:  Calamari Okrachokie - delicious artichoke and okra, pretty good calamari.  Shrimp & Grits - Over-the-Top Delicious.  Makes my mouth water to type.Blackened Mahi with pickled beets and green beans - very good fish, really liked the beets, green beans were good but nothing too special.BBQ Shrimp with Jambalaya and sweet potato fries - BBQ shrimp and jambalaya were great, SP fries just okay.Bread pudding - huge portion of incredible dessert - melt in your mouth delicious.
1	Waste our money. First the house style chips came to the table burn.  That should have been I clue to leave but we decided to stick it out and hope thing would improve; boy where we wrong. The food was BAD all around. My wife is from New Orleans so we know how the food should taste.  This place doesn't rate a one star. About the only item I would give just an OK to, is the shrimp and grits.  Dine at your risk. You been warned.
4	This is a very small restaurant beside Michaels in the Arboetum Shopping Center.  We adore this restaurant.  Try the fried okra, fried oysters, shrimp pasta, collard greens.  Get a vegetable platter.  Go early as seating is limited.  You may want to google their hours of operation too.   We have been fans for a very long time!
5	I almost don't want to write this review because I want to keep it a secret. This place is a hidden gem in south Charlotte. You cannot go wrong with anything you order but a few of the must try items are the blackened meatloaf, chicken cordon blue and gumbo. They have a great portion sizes. Unless you go really early or really late you will have to wait for a table but it is work the wait.
3	The food is really good, esp. the beans & rice. The bread pudding is good & enough for two. The moscato wine is good. My biggest complaint is that one of the female servers always looks as if she'd rather be anywhere but at work. And she always looks that way. She's a long-time employee & if she reads this she knows who she is. Cheer up, you bring people down!
5	I love this place!! The fried chicken is amazing. The macaroni and cheese is fantastic! Shrimp and grits are great. So far I haven't had anything I didn't like! Here's a tip: try the dog sauce!!!!The staff is very friendly. This place has a very comfortable feeling. New Orleans style restaurant. If you haven't been you need to go!
5	Perfect joint if you're looking for a truely SOUTHERN REDNECK HANGOUT where the regular patrons are loud, rude, and vulgar. The wait staff have grungy fingers and hair and like to chat rather than wait tables. So if you have time to spare and don't mind redneck gawking as a past time, feel free to stand around and wait while the "regulars" drink, swear, and watch tv.Why would anyone ever eat here?!BTW - Lying about the number of stars is the only way to prevent honest negative reviews from becoming buried in cyberspace.
1	Ate at this restaurant and had the Po Boy fried shrimp sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sandwich lacked flavor and the sweet potato fries looked dehydrated, and tasted disgusting.  Did not live up to my expectations. Waste of money and will not be returning.
4	Food is well seasoned and you won't go home hungry. Overall a good experience. I will be back.
5	Love the oyster po-boy and the fried green tomato po-boy! The smothered cabbage is amazing. Great seasonal beers and Abita Turbodog always on tap.
5	My very first visit to Cajun Yard Dog occurred soon after I returned to Charlotte, NC after a year in Miami, FL in 2005/2006. The eclectic decor was charming, definitely a conversation starter, like a visual story that got my imagination running.  On my first visit (pre-dinner), there was NO WAIT!!!  I sat at the bar even though there were available tables back in the day - the staff swears there are "No Wait" times that happen throughout the day currently, but I've never seen it myself :)  I had a glass of wine & the etouffee; I was hooked!!  I've NEVER had a bad meal there, not one single time!  As a matter of fact, the food is ALWAYS INCREDIBLE!!  Cooked and prepared to perfection consistently and with fresh ingredients - this applies to everything I've personally tried on the menu (to include specials on the board); appetizers, fish, sides & DESSERTS!!!  Anything fish at Cajun Yard Dog is my favorite...fried, blackened or grilled.  To date I haven't had a bad fish experience there & honestly I think that speaks volumes!!  On our most recent (but definitely not last) visit there about a week ago, I had the catfish bites, my partner had the trout and our guest (out of town from Ohio) had the redfish - ALL THREE DISHES WERE SCRUMPTIOUS!!!  We split a HEALTHY sized portion of Peach Cobbler that was "right out of the oven" and it was mouth wateringly divine!!!  Mind you, I haven't tried EVERYTHING on the menu, but I've probably come close after patronizing this restaurant for 9 years. For me and my partner, we choose to return to a restaurant because the food is amazing, but I must say the gang at Cajun Yard Dog is FANTASTIC, too and you'll want to come back to visit with them just as much as coming back for a delicious meal!!  Chances are you might find yourself soon conversing about kids going off to college with the wait staff after a few visits!!I've read a few reviews here today about Cajun Yard Dog and frankly was a tad bit surprised about how some people make it personal; one claiming it was a redneck hangout, a few reviewers felt the need to point out the staffs hair (something along the lines of not being perfectly in place), fingers or they way the staff appears as if they want to be somewhere else.  I've worked in the food service industry - it's a demanding job and all I have to say about that is "THANK YOU STAFF" for working your butts off and making this NON-CHAIN, NONCONFORMING little slice of yummy paradise a gem!!!  I don't give a damn if your hair isn't perfect and though you didn't expect to have to work 4 or more doubles/split shifts in a row...you did anyway and not only did you do it, but you were AWESOME while doing it!!!  Hell, I KNOW I secretly daydream of being off in a place far, far away from reality at times - sometimes I even dared to daydream while I was at WORK (especially if I'm having a crap week).  I think it's pretty hilarious, too, that a restaurant would be judged / rated on whether or not they serve alcohol; I go to a restaurant to eat, not to have a "Hurricane" frou-frou drink. Cajun Yard Dog is UNIQUE and is NOT your typical pretentious / "Charlotte-Stepford Style" / let's keep up with Jones' / where to be seen local "hot spot for the minute" kind of place - THANK GOODNESS!!!  Cajun Yard Dog has substance, heart & soul - the quality of the food and the staff sees to that.  Guess that's why they've been around a while!!Already dreaming of our next visit :)
5	My husband and I have been here a few times and have yet to have a bad experience! The staff is friendly and attentive but aren't intrusive or bothersome.  Prices and portions are reasonable.  The food is delicious!  I am not a spicey food person so Cajun food is generally out of the question for me, but I have to say I really like this place! On our most recent trip I got the chicken cordon bleu with a side of mashed potatoes -- highly recommend!  My husband has tried the gumbo and etouffee and loved both.  Give the Cajun yard dog a try you won't be disappointed!
5	Authentic Cajun cuisine. Great atmosphere and great food. I went on a Monday night and watched the place fill up, I can't imagine what a Friday night looks like.
5	I had the gumbo and the blackened mahi. The gumbo was delicious. It was spicy and had a lot of stuff in it. I would've gotten a bigger bowl if I had known it was that good. The Mahi was huge! I couldn't believe it was only $15. It was a really good value and included two sides. I got the smash potatoes which was good and the rice which was meh and a bit on the salty side.I found this place on Yelp and it definitely did not disappoint. I don't think I'll be back in Charlotte anytime soon but this place would definitely be worth coming back.
5	Friends introduced us to the yard dog and omg, I am in love.  Amazing food, amazing service, fried green tomatoes were a hit with the hubby who never had them before...the fried catfish is absolutely perfect, beautifly flavorful, and juicy inside with a battered outside which wasn't greedy in the least bit.   The green beans almondine, were to die for.   I could deff see us becoming regulars.  Amazing, absolutely amazing.  Brought me back to time spent in nola
4	Great food. The gumbo is excellent. The atmosphere is relaxed. Definitely going back.
5	We had the BBQ Shrimp for an appetizer. They were very good and flavorful. The grits were 2 thumbs up. The tobasco strips were homemade and had a great flavor. The Mac and cheese was exceptional.
5	All the food here is amazing but the fried chicken is the best I've had anywhere in the country! Love how the staff treats everyone as family like we all eat together there all the time.
5	Loved the catfish and fried shrimp.  Mac & cheese was like that from the family reunion - so good!
2	My dull witted friend suggested we try this place. I agreed only because my planet smashingly hot girlfriend agreed with him for some reason. Usually we know better than to go along with his harebrained schemes.Ordered apps, catfish bites, fried green tomatoes. Both pretty unremarkable. I don't know when the last time the kitchen changed their frying oil, but  by the taste of it probably about 14 years ago. Green tomatoes were weak at best.Ordered the jambalaya and it was a mushy practically tasteless mess.Dumb friend didn't much enjoy his meal, but he's dumb so I don't lend much weight to his dumb opinions...cause he's dumb.The eye scorching dame I call my girl ordered the fried chicken, tasted like it was fried in ash, And the topper was cold french fries!! Really? Cold french fries, Total bushleague shit CYD.Won't be back.
5	Don't be discouraged by a line. Small place, delicious food, worth the wait!Calamari Okrachokie is a MUST. Fried okra, calamari, artichoke... with a delicious dipping sauce. We almost ordered a second!You can't go wrong with their daily specials-I had the fried trout that came over the crawfish etouffee, and a side of collards. My boyfriend ordered Seafood Jambalaya with macaroni and cheese. Everything was excellent-and the mac and cheese is a must order!They also have an awesome beer selection! I can't wait to go back and have their shrimp and grits!
4	I have been coming here frequently since I discovered this place hidden on a corner of the arboretum about a year ago. Every single time the food has been great. From their jambalaya and fried foods, even their salads. However, I always find myself going to the fried catfish and chicken. There's something special about the batter. There's a hint of tangy vinegar and spices that is second to none, with a perfect crisp and moist middle, it is a great example of Cajun done right. The only reason why I don't give it five stars is because the place including the kitchen looks messy and dirty at times. I understand that they have a very small place to work with but that's not an excuse not have a spotless kitchen. I have seen the health grade decline probably for the same reason. The food here is amazing. Don't let this be a reason to loose customers.
4	This place is the real deal. The Tabasco strips are unmatched. Excellent beer selection! If you can get in early on a Saturday do yourself a favor and order the chicken and waffles...if they haven't run out yet! I have yet to be disappointed with any dish in this place. My only gripe would be that there isn't a lot of seating, but this kinda adds to the whole atmosphere and gives it a touch of hometown charm. Bravo Folks! Keep doing what you do!
4	We went for lunch this weekend and as usual, it was wonderful.  I ordered the smothered Cabbage (every time), with Crab Cake.  My husband ordered the Meat Loaf, M&C and okra.  Once again, it was magnificent.  The smothered cabbage is the best and a must to order. Great cooks and staff.
