5	We set out to find Bavarian Point restaurant and stumbled into Zur-Kate by accident.  They are next door to each other, although I had never heard of Zur-Kate before.  What a stroke of luck.The atmosphere was very cozy with lots of German flair.  The place was very crowded at 8pm, and everyone seemed to be having a very god time.  The first thing we noticed about the menu was the far lower prices than the ones on menus we had seen on line for other Valley German restaurants.  Many different kinds of wurst, schitzel and chops are available to choose from.  Each entree comes with a choice of German potato salad, spatzel, potato cake, home fries or french fries.  You also receive your choice of sauerkraut or red cabbage.  A salad bar is included, and basket of rye bread delivered to the table.  There is not an entree on the menu over $12, and you can add a wurst to any entree for $2.50.  Beers are in the $2-$4 range - where does that happen?  These prices are already amazing, but then you see the portion sizes.  The schnitzels are huge, and each comes with a generous portion of side.  I had the Rhein Schitzel - juicy pork, lightly breaded and fried until golden bown and crisp, topped with sauteed onions and a sour-cream based light gravy.  It was fantastic.  Very well seasoned, light, not greasy and absolutley huge.  Add in the red cabbage and spatezel and you have a formidable meal.  I added a knockwurst just to try it, and there was no way that I could finish my dinner.  Everyone at my table felt the same about their meals.  This place is a gem and should not be missed.  I really cannot imagine what more you could want out of a German restaurant, except maybe higher prices.  Im sure the other restaurants in town are also good, but we cant wait to go back to Zur Kate.
4	Who even knew such a good, authentic place existed way out here in the East Valley.  The place has been around for like 20 years.  The decor inside makes you feel like you're in Germany.  The wait staff was very nice and I thought the food was VERY good.  I had the sausage loaf with gravy, cabbage and these unreal home fried potatoes fried with bacon, OMG.  So good.  My date had the bratwurst with sauerkraut and potatoes.  I thought the brats were excellent as well.They have a nice bar with a lot of German beers.  The price was not bad, 2 dinners, 1 beer was about $24.00.Also note, their gravy is gluten-free!  Whoot.
5	The food is great! Too many schnitzels to choose from and every one I have had is great. Try the rouladen if you happen to go when it's a special, it is amazing! Service is good and the portions are too big to eat in one sitting, you will be taking some home. Nice selection of imported German beer, so don't expect to get a domestic brew.
3	The atmosphere at Zur-Kate will not leave you wondering as to the nationality of the food. It is theatrically German with paintings of the German countryside, hunting rifles and animal heads on the walls as well as it fair share of beer advertising.The staff was extremely friendly and paitent with all the questions we had for them. It was a very welcoming place despite the non-descript smoking area located far too near the front door for my taste.The food was quite good but there was nothing outstanding here. There are numerous schnitzels on the menu but after ordering it became clear that all of the different varieties were the basic breaded and fried meat patty with different sauces on them. These were good as I've said but we were expecting something more exciting from a restaurant that has been around for more than 20 years.The portions were large and the side were a nice change from your average American fare and they do have a nice selection of Germanic beer to choose from.The apple strudel is worth having as a desert but not if you're dining alone, the thing is HUGE! Nicely spiced and accompanied with with very good ice cream it was a challenge for us to put this away after the very filling dinner but we managed. It was really very good.Overall Zur-Kate was a nice experience, the food tasty and filling if not exactly exciting and was not too expensive. They keep odd hours though and are not open for lunch at all. Be sure and check by calling them to verify they are open before going out there. We had to try three different times before we caught them open. It is on the extreme east side of the valley so it is a journey even for us Gilbertites but if you're in the neighborhood you should stop by and give them a try.
4	I loved the zigeuner schnitzel, red cabbage was great and the fritten were out of this world. I had a draft pilsner. If you are out in the East Valley, this would be a great place to entertain friends or take your girl for a date.
4	As noted by other reviewers, the decor is We-are-SO-German in your face, yet not feeling kitchy, but just overwhelmingly inviting, and transports you to another continent in this quiet corner of Mesa.This superb meal started out with a Warsteinner Oktoberfest, a delightfully smooth tasting, autumny mug of beery goodness setting me back $3.00.  After bringing out our drinks, we were also given complimentary rye bread, which had a decent flavor but would've been nicer if it was much warmer.  I ordered Sauerbraten for $11.50, sliced beef covered in a mild brown gravy with a surprisingly very pleasant sour undertone with hints of tomato.  The spaetzle was straightforward, simply prepared tiny noodles with an unfortunately bland taste and texture reminiscent of risotto.  This was definitely skippable and unfortunately the only reason this is not a 5-star.  My other side was sauerkraut, which paired perfectly with the Sauerbraten and gravy to bring the sour taste more to the fore, while still accenting the savoriness of the beef and saltiness of the gravy.My girlfriend ordered the Cordon Bleu Schnitzel for $11.50, which was a thinly breaded and pounded pork chop, covered with ham, swiss cheese, and a light creamy sauce binding everything together.  The breading gave a crunchy, pleasant mouthfeel, the meat was satisfyingly succulent, and the ham, swiss, and sauce gave it a richer feel.  Truly divine!  I took a nibble of the red cabbage an stir-fried potatoes, which were mixed with bacon, that I found very enjoyable but nothing to write home about.  The Jager Schnitzel that my girlfriend's best friend ordered, was Schnitzel covered in a mushroom gravy, and was reported to be delicious as well.Finally, for deserts we ordered apple strudel and Schwarzwalde Kirschtorte, both setting us back $3.50.  This was an outstanding conclusion to our meal, with the apple strudel containing tart apples hidden within, with soft, buttery layers of perfectly cooked dough generously topped with a vanilla sauce with plenty of powdered sugar.  The Schwarzwalde Kirschtorte, Black Forest Cherry chocolate cake, was also immensely satisfying, with the ice-cold cherries being a perfect counterpoint to the dense chocolate and frosting.Stuffed, impressed, drunk on flavors and revelry, the final personal touch was the owner insisting we take some cookies she made from a plate left out at a bar.  The aforementioned accordion player made his appearance as we were leaving, so if you want to hear him be there after 6:15, at least on Thursdays.Head over to Zur Kate for a wonderful meal, with great service and atmosphere to match!
5	I have been going here for years. I always thought that the decor was a little much but when we were visiting my wife's parents in Bavaria I found a place that I would swear is the twin of Zur Kate. I think the food is spot on for a German restaurant. The staff is always friendly. Jager schnitzel and Rahm schnitzel are my favorites. The menu is very typical of a small restaurant in Germany as is the beer selection...both are limited in options but generous in size for the price. The atmosphere is what it is all about and they have that part down.
4	Today I visited Zur Kate for the first time.  I am happy to say that it was a very positive experience.  We were led to the restaurant for one reason- a buy one, get one free coupon!  It was hardly necessary, though, as their prices are extremely reasonable.The restaurant definitely stands out from its neighbors, with it's wooden facade and flower boxes.  The atmosphere within, as mentioned before, is perhaps a little over the top.  I couldn't help feeling like I was stuck in the German section of the It's a Small World ride at Disneyland.  Somehow, though, it worked and, upon leaving, I almost felt like I'd been on a mini-vacation.I ordered the Leberkase with Gravy ($8), spaetzle and red cabbage on the side.  While I will probably never be able to pronounce my entree, I did find it rather tasty.  I probably will not order it again, however, as it had a very processed taste and texture.  Not terrible, but definitely not up to par with some of the other items on the menu.  The spaetzle was a bit bland but the red cabbage was very tangy and a nice balance to the heavy gravy of the rest of the plate.My dinging partner had the Schnitzel Cordon Bleu ($11.50) with the potato dumpling and red cabbage.  The potato dumpling was pretty much exactly what you would expect; somewhere between mashed potatoes and a dumpling.  Interesting, but a little plain.  We both agreed that the schnitzel was absolutely fabulous.  It was the perfect texture and the ham and cheese gave it a unique and very addicting flavor.  We are eager to go back to try more varieties of the schnitzel!We rounded off the meal by splitting a slice of the Black Forest Cake.  It was a wonderful way to finish.  The cake was rich and moist, the cherries tart and cool and it was all brought together by the whipped cream frosting.  A perfect addition for $3.50.All together, with the coupon, we ended up with two generous dinners, two large lunches (previous reviewers did not lie when they said that the portions are huge!!) and a lovely dessert for just over $20. You can't beat that with a stick!!
5	Zur Kate is a real treat - the atmosphere feel's like your dining in a traditional German pub. The staff are very accommodating to folks unfamiliar with German fare. We loved every bite and managed to eat about half of our massive portions. An accordion player started playing as we were leaving around 7:30pm. The place has some real history if you read the story on the menu. We will return!!!
4	We met a couple of friends of ours at Zur Kate for dinner. I was a bit leery due to the fact that Zur Kate is in the same strip mall as the Bavarian Point. My review for the Bavarian Point would have been a zero - due to the roach on the table! So needless to say - I didn't want to go. We walked in the door and it looked like you just stepped in to someones home in Germany. It's was cute! I little bit Twin Peaks, but cute in an odd way. They had live music and plenty of tasty cold beer! The menu was NOT in German like at the Bavarian Point - Bonus for us Americans. The food was very good I was very impressed. I don't know much about German food so I relied on our friends who go there often.If you are looking to try something new, like German food! This was a first for me. Head to Zur Kate and know you are going to have a tasty meal!
4	Great service and wenn du Deutsch sprichts...besser. The owner was around and over heard our compliments and in the end we had a complimentary round of apfelschaps. If you have never been to Germany this will be a real close experience (decoration and music). Food is more Hamburg style. If you know how is food in Germany this place will be an ok for you, but still puts you in the mood to sing a lied!
5	Wonderful schnitzels and their brats are the wurst (get it?)!  Small place that makes you feel at home on the very first visit.  They feature a different special each weekend, and I have tried several.  My favorite is between the Rahmschnitzel (covered in a yummy cream sauce) and the Zegeunerschnitzel (covered in a spicy pepper sauce).  The food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in Germany.
5	I have many memories of German food, since my first vacation on my own as an adult was 2 weeks in Germany and Austria a zillion years ago.  There was something about going into a gasthaus that just made the food so much better - generally they were the first floor of someone's house turned into a tiny restaurant and everything was prepared as ordered so it was always fresh.  Never found anything as good in the States, although I tried.....Well, DH found a coupon at Restaurants for the Zur Kate so we thought - why not?  It was only a few bucks - what did we have to lose?Authentisch does not even begin to describe this place!It probably holds 40 or so. There was a live accordian player (when he played the chicken dance, I so wanted to get up and dance but DH and DS held me back :(.  The decor is right out of a German village.  And the servers are all dressed in dirndls.  So far, ok, they have the look down of a gasthaus.Next the menu.  Wurst and schnitzel.  Not much else - just about 15 variations on each.  But that's okay.  That is more than enough to choose from.Zur Kate doesn't try to be anything other than what it is.  No appetizers. No extra sides. Your dinner comes with a starch (German potato salad, home fries, spatzl, and two other choices - I am drawing a blank on them) and a vegetable (sauerkraut or red cabbage).They also have a Friday and Saturday special that rotates, depending on the week.DH ordered the special - Rolladen with German potato salad and sauerkraut.  The Rolladen was tender and juicy.  The potato salad was good.  The sauerkraut was really mild - we are used to very tart kraut so that was a disappointment but the meat and salad made up for it!   DS ordered the Knackwurst with kraut and homefries.  The Knackwurst was huge.  And the home fries were real home fries - a little salt and pepper and they were so yummy.I saved the best for last.  I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel with spatz; and red cabbage.  The Schnitzel was pork, not veal, but that was fine - it was freshly breaded and fried.  Crispy yet moist inside.  The mushroom gravy was so very good (not fully of MSG and base - otherwise I would be too sick to write this ;).  The spatzl were lightly sauteed/fried and covered in gravy.  And the cabbage was excellent.We shared a piece of homemade Black Forest cake and it was so good. The cherry filling was tasting of Kirsch or another liquor. The cake was homemade.  The whipping cream was real.  Yum.....Portions: very large.Quality:  very good.Prices: very reasonableService:  attentive - I loved the fact that they brought us a liter of Diet for my son and I to help ourselves.Would we return: you bet!  We are heading back in two weeks for the goulash and strudel.
4	I have never really had a full German meal, but wow, this was tasty. We ordered the sausage special and a schnitzel plate and were stuffed. Each dish is served with 2 sides, one potato based and another cabbage based. The waitress is very german and such a sweet lady, very helpful with offering advice about what is on the menu. The beer selection is amazing. Before our meal was served, we received a few slices of rye bread with butter, and loved it! With all that we ordered, we got out of there in under $25. This place is a great value, especially if you want to leave stuffed.
4	I've been jonesing for some authentic German food for ages. So I checked out Yelp and found this restaurant with multiple favorable reviews. My wife and I arrived at 7:30pm this past Saturday and scored the last empty table in the restaurant. The smell of the food was making me drool. I felt like I was already in Germany, more specifically in Hamburg as this was where the original owners had operated the first Zur Kate. There was a coo coo clock, antlers and other German artifacts covering the walls. There was even an accordion player playing at the right sound level. It was as if you were transported to a family restaurant in Germany.Our server had the German accent and took our drink orders with the promise of bread. Yes, Germans love their bread. We ate some hearty rye bread and ordered our entrees when our server returned.My wife had the Kassler Rippchen and I had the Zwiebel Rippchen (sauteed onions added) with Bratkartoffein and Red Cabbage. The Rippchen is a pork chop that is smoked then grilled. The Bratkartoffein is German Home Fries which are German fried potatoes cut into cubes with onions and some bits of bacon.All of the food was excellent. The Red Cabbage had a slight sweet flavor and possibly the best Red Cabbage I had ever had. The Bratkartoffein was good as well. The Pork Chops were perfectly cooked and made my tummy want more. I will defintely become a regular at Zur Kate.
4	I occasionally stop by here for my Bavarian gasthaus fix, if I'm in the east end of the valley. Beers on tap from Germany and typical Bavarian fare. The service has been friendly and very helpful and the food good to very good.One minor quibble: the glassware is authentic, but the beer doesn't always get served in the right glass.
3	Walked in an panicked- could only  see old people. Will my food be bland? Shocker- yes it was! But got a pitcher if beer for 9$ and some guy was playing an accordian. Nifty!
4	As a Dutchman I'm quickly won over by the old world charm of Zur Kate, but don't think I wouldn't praise the food if praise wasn't due, it is very good (just like home). The service is fast and friendly, and they carry a small but excellent selection of import beers. Can definitely take the whole family here, there's something for everyone. Sometimes they provide live music as well.The handlebar-mustache donning owner is a great host! :)
5	Love this restaurant. Great service and authentic German food tastes sooooo good. Recommend that you order the Zigeuner snitchel.Finish dinner with some Apfelkorn. Yummy!Summer hours are a little weird so you may want to check ahead of time to see if they are open but trust me the food is totally worth it.This place has been around for a zillion years and for good reason.
5	I have ate at my fair share of German eateries. Here in the States and in Germany. This Place was probably one of the best I have enjoyed here in Arizona.It's a small strip mall location. But it was clean and all the employees were friendly and helpful.There were 7 of us for dinner. We arrived at 7pm. So dinner service was beginning to wind down (they are in the dead center of Snow Bird/retirement land - they close at 9pm daily).Getting a table was not a problem. They had a decent selection of German beers and wine to choose from. I had the Sauerbraten, home fries, and red cabbage. The meat was very tender, and the red cabbage was delicious!My sister and my husband both got the Jeager Schnitzel. I had a sample and that too was very good.Others ordered the polish sausage - it was a mild spicy wurst, very appealing taste.the Rahm Schnitzel was fantastic and I can't wait to go back to get that for myself!!After dinner we split a few desserts, the Black Forest cake and the Apple Strudel. The cake was very moist and flavorful and the apple strudel reminded me of something my mom makes.During dessert, our waitress, who we learned was the owner's wife, gave us all a free shot of their home made apple schnapps. It was a nice treat! It was sweet and very smooth. Could have gone for a second round, but it was getting late.Over all, great experience! We will definitely go back!
3	Went to Zur Kate last Friday evening. We got seated within 5 minutes..lucky I guess since this restaurant has good reviews. I recommended to my wife any of the schnitzels while I ordered the pork roast (special that evening). My food was very good but I kicked myself afterwards for not following my own recommendation.  The Rahm schnitzel was to die for...absolutely amazing. My taste buds were very happy when my wife gave me 2 bites  of her plate. Order with the spaetzle and red cabbage and you will be happy.  We ended with the Apple Struddle and cheesecake..fantastic...although the Struddle  was a little bit soggy for our taste.-Service was excellent..decor and atmosphere felt relaxing and homey.  I will go back there for sure.
5	excellent home cooking German food. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Went on a Tuesday evening, only wated 2 or 3 minutes for a table. We drove from Scottsdale just to eat here and will deffinatly be back.
5	One evening here and you will be scratching your head as to why there aren't more German restaurants around. The atmosphere is cozy, crowded, and congenial.  The decor is Bavarian and what you'd want in capturing the right ambiance.  And then the food...I know the German menu might seem heavy and uncreative to most.  But for those times when you are craving something more substantial always trust a man in lederhosen.  This place has incredible schnitzels and sausages.  I recommend their specials.  The rouladen brings back memories of the German family in my childhood neighborhood and their marinara schnitzel blitzkriegs the flavor out of any chicken parmigiana you are going to get at the myriad Italian joints.
3	Pretty good German fare (good sausage and schnitzel, the gravy was a little bland, but this is German food) and a pretty fun environment on the weekend (the accordion player really gets the snowbirds going, especially when he plays Edelweiss).  Friendly service.
1	well the waitress was good, our daughters dinner came out 10 minutes late, the food was just about the worse food i have ever received from a restaraunt. yuuuck.the atmosphere was cool but I'm there too eat and the food was just sub par for anyones taste or culture.
4	Great German atmosphere and real good food.  There was a good accordion player and the apple strudel was great.
5	Wanted something different for our anniversary dinner.  After reading the reviews of several options we selected Zur Kate.  WE WEREN'T DISAPPOINTED!The place is small and intimate.  The live music is at just the right background volume.  The portions are delicious and ample!  And I had the light German Pilsner that was light straw in color and well hopped - delicious!  (My wife had the Gewurztraminerr of course).We had the Rahm Schnitzel was excellent with the spatzle and red cabbage.  We will be returning and, most likely bringing a large group of our friends!Oh, don't be put off by the small strip mall location, walking through the door is walking into Bavaria!
1	After reading all the reviews I am wondering if we were in the same place. Usually when I go to a restaurant I can say the food tastes (good or bad), but going tonight we had food that had no taste. My boys had the brats and they tasted like water, no spices AT ALL! While the cabbage was good ( and also the service), I think the gravy, rye bread and cheese were bought off the rack from across the street....nothing German about it! Considering that two adults and two young boys had dinner and drinks ( soda and two very small beers) we had a $50 bill. It is not enough any more to just put out tasteless food, even if it was an off night.
5	This place is just an all-around great experience.  Friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food.  Went with my husband and sat at the bar as there were no tables left.  But this turned out to be a good thing as it allowed us to chat with the owners.  We ended up staying all evening (no wonder there's never an empty table) talking to the family and listening to the accordion player.  I had the rouladen (special) and it was fantastic, as was the apple strudel dessert.
5	This is the second time we've come here & each time has been phenominal! Friendly service, amazing food & both times we had live acordian music! So authentic & delicious. The staff couldn't be nicer. The only thing I wish I could change (besides the distance from my house!) is the size of the restaurant. If you go during dinner on Fridays & Saturdays, you may need to wait, but it's WAY worth it. I found out tonight, they make their own mustard...I am loyal to Guldens brown mustard & I described it as "a bit better than Guldens" if that gives you an idea   ;)    . I just love the atmosphere, long tables, music & food! Please please please!!! If you ever have the chance, go HERE. Pretty easy to find, pleanty of parking & a great deal (prices are great too!).
4	As best as I can figure out, there are 3 German restaurants in the Phx metro area.  Two of them are in the same parking lot in Mesa.  How does that happen?So anyway, what about Zur Kate.  Good food but an oddly small menu with no appetizers listed.  As for the restaurant itself its a pretty small place.  Not sure how the busy they get, but if they ever do you could be in for a wait.Back to the food for a moment.  While it was good, and somewhat German in composition I'm just not sure of German food it was.  That being said, I could say the same for the other German restaurants here in Phx.  So, not so much of a knock as an observation.
5	Ill try not to talk it up too much but I have to say it was one of the best dinning experiences I've ever had. My wife and I stopped in and were really surprised on how authentic the inside of the restaurant looked. The meal was perfect and the service was out of this world friendly. Even the owner took time to sit and talk with us and share stories.  I thought places like this only existed in movies. Thanks Zur Kate for the good time and we are looking forward to visiting your fine establishment again!!!
3	This place is full of senior citizens and is located near many retirement communities. Atmosphere is 3/5; food is 3/5, service is 3/5.. Nothing special, won't be coming back.
3	So, I had Schnitzel Cordon Bleu With Home Fried Potatoes and Sauerkraut. So let me say this first I been here a few times the first time was amazing the last 3 times I been was not impressed at all not sure if they changed chefs but It's been going down hill. It's still was good don't get me wrong but nothing great.
5	Good old fashioned German Home Cooking, just like at home. Love it!
3	As for the restaurant itself it's a pretty small place.  Not sure how the busy they get, but if they ever do you could be in for a wait.Back to the food for a moment.  We had the special which was ham on bone, and Zwiebel Schnitzel with onion. The special was good and Schnitzel was just okay.  The atmosphere was nice and staff was friendly.
5	This restaurant is amazing! The staff is extremely friendly & hard working. When I wasn't sure if I would like spaetzle they brought me some to try (and didn't charge me). They have an accordion player there at night. It's not the typical Americanized German restaurant. The owner is actually from Germany and the food seems authentic. The food is amazing and big servings! It's a little pricey, but well worth it.
4	Had the schnitzel with hot pepper gravy, spatzle and red cabbage. Loved it except the cabbage. They didn't do anything wrong, I just don't like cabbage. I liked the place and thankfully didn't have to drive to glendale for my German fix. Had a couple nice German Oktoberfest beers to boot.
5	Yummy and Fun!I was meeting friends who were in town for the night and they picked this place because it was close to their hotel. Wow, we didn't know what a treat we were in for. Besides the charming German decor, they had a husband/wife team  playing accordion and singing German songs. The duo even stopped at our table and played a couple of kid's songs for my friends' little girl.The food was great - we got 2 versions of the schnitzel - cordon bleu and one that had traditional gravy but with a hint of hot peppers in it. Yum! Our third adult diner got the sauerbraten which was tender and juicy. The sides, German Potato Salad and Spaetzle as well as sauerkraut and cooked shredded cabbage and the delicious rye bread made great meal. The kiddo's burger must have been good, too, because she cleaned her plate. We then split a black forest cake and a strudel, both of which were yum. For drinks, we split a pitcher of oktoberfest beer, which had just the right hint of spice.This is a very small place, so even though we did not have to wait for a table, I could see that happening, especially if your group was more than 4 people.Definitely will recommend and will return when we want another German food fix.Prost!
2	This was a tough one to rate.  I wanted to give it a middle of the road 3, but according to Yelp's rating guide a 3 is "A-OK" and this place isn't that good.  The schnitzels are all prepared the exact same way except for the different gravies or toppings.  Sur Kate makes its schnitzels by pounding a piece of pork flat. Breeding it and then frying it in oil.  This is basically what a schnitzel is but schnitzels should all flavored be flavored slightly differently (not just in the gravy but the breeding and cooking method as well).  Without the gravies the schnitzels at Sur Kate are plain bland and soulless.  Comparing these to what a real homemade/flavorful German schnitzel should taste like is like comparing a fried hamburger patty to a BBQ marinated filet mignon.  The sides are passable - not great - not bad not even just plain good.  All in all the food is just OK, but then again the food at BK or Wendy's is also OK but a lot cheaper and quicker.I could put up with less than stellar food if the service was great or good but the service is even more disappointing than the food.  Once you walk through the door there is no real indication as where to wait to be seated.  So you just stand there.  It takes forever for anyone to acknowledge that you are there and then even longer for someone to seat you.  Even then they do not seem that trilled that you are there.  I thought that this was just a onetime observation or that my group was dressed wrong, but as I watched the door for our 1 and a half hour stay I saw that every party through the door was ignored and treated with the same distain.Well to get the 4s and 5s other people seem to feel is appropriate the wait staff must be out of this world  - wrong.  The wait staff jam as many parties to a table as they can then spend as little time interacting with the guests as possible.  None of the waitresess seemed to know the menu or what made German food German.  I had to flag someone down to get a drink refilled but actually the glass was removed but the refill did not come until I was trying to pay (which required me tracking my waitress down to get the bill. She wasn't busy working but talking.)The decor was down home German and fun. We came in on a Thursday and there was a man and woman strolling through the restaurant singing and playing an accordion. This made the atmosphere wonderbar. The regulars all seemed to know each other and the staff.  They all seemed to be having a wonderful time.  Now it may not seem like it but I had fun here.  We sang and danced a little.  By sitting with other parties at the same table we met new people.  That part was great.  If a good atmosphere and a fun time are what you seek this is a place to try.  If you want good food and quality service this is not the place for you.
3	Huge line to get in at 5:30 on a Saturday night (they open at 4).  Unclear service arrangements, small menu, accordeon player.  Located in a small mall not far from the other German restaurant in Mesa.  Not Germany but an ok substitute.
5	I always hear about this place form my friends and I  have even eaten here once before maybe 6 years ago. Finally went back last night and wow was it good. The appetizers were wonderful. The meat was tender and delicious. We will definitely be going back very soon. Get the sliders and the mushroom gravy schnitzel. You will not be disappointed.
4	Zur Kate is unique to the area (well, except for the Bavarian restaurant in the same plaza) and offers some really great food. I love coming here for the comfort food and the quality has never disappointed. I love their Black Forest cake, too!
1	I really dislike writing reviews like this, but according to yelp's rating guide this is the best I could give them given what happened the night we had dinner there. I'll start off with rating how I would have rated the place up until what occurred at the end of the meal. The atmosphere is really cute and decorated like a little rural German pub. Our German friends came with us and said it was straight out of a 1960's little German town. We were seated promptly and service was pretty good. There were about 6 or so tables and just one woman serving so we waited a little bit but not bad. They had quite a few gluten free options which was nice. Their gravies are not made with flour, and a few of their entrees are g-free. The food was okay, I was really hoping to be more impressed. Our German friends thought the red cabbage was pretty good but were not big fans of their schnitzel or their sausage. The sausages were gluten free so I ordered the Knackwurst and my boyfriend had the Currywurst, we liked both of them. He didn't like the schnitzel he ordered (I couldn't have it since it had bread crumbs) and my cornish game hen had been fried and was really really dry inside. The cabbage and potato salad sides were pretty good. Prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card. Okay so the one star reason. I was still finishing my plate when something happened that made me concerned about the hygienic nature of the restaurant. An insect of the worst type for a restaurant crawled out from behind the mustard on the side of the table and made its way to my plate. My boyfriend tried to kill it but if anyone has ever had to deal with these critters they know how fast they are and their ability to fly doesn't help either. It scurried around for about 10 mins until he finally got it. By this point I had excused myself to the bathroom... we all paid our checks quickly and left trying not to make a scene. So, while I wasn't super impressed with the food before this happened I still probably would have come back for the sausages but after what happened I'm a little concerned about the cleanliness so I have to recommend a no go to yelp viewers.
4	My wife and I dined last night at this little gem of a restaurant in Mesa.  We both wanted the same entree (Jagerschnitzel), but at least chose different sides with our meals.  The schnitzel was perfectly prepared, with very light breading.  The mushroom sauce was delicious.  My wife had the red cabbage and the spatzle, and eaved about both (I snuck a taste, too, and have to agree!).  I enjoyed sauerkraut (among the best I've ever had), and German potato salad.  The potato salad, was fine, but did not impress me as much as the rest of the meal.  We did not have dessert.  The service, was slow (thus 4 stars instead of 5), but this place definitely deserves a visit.
4	Great German beer and food. I will be back!!
2	I ordered a light Schnitzel dish covered with onions, a potato dumpling and Sauerkraut.  There were no salads or vegetables available, which limits the presentation and color of the meal.  However, it is authentic German Food probably from the day when there was no refrigeration.  Or everything was pickled, made from basic supplies like flour, salt, bread etc.    Food that the Germans ate "pre refrigeration" era.  I really missed vegetables and salad.  They serve beer and wine but can't comment on it as I didn't order any.  My date ordered a pork special for $8.00 with the same side choices:  sauerkraut/red cabbage and five different potato or schpatzel choices.  My schnitzel was very bland, other than a light crust, it was not seasoned.  I tasted the pork dish, that was cooked like a pot roast, but without the vegetables. It tasted good but had gravy all over it.There were many older customers who seemed to reminisce about Germany.  The service was slow for a Monday night!
4	Very good German food.  We had a party of 15 and they had excellent service. On weekends they have a live accordian player.
5	The food is good and from what I can tell is rather authentic. Some things may be bland so consider before ordering. Gravy or onions on schnitzel is recommended. The hashed browns were awesome. Great beers on tap also. Went on a Saturday night, the atmosphere was great with live music and the owners kept buying us rounds of house made apple liquor shots. Will definately be back again.
5	Food was good, had a great time, will defiantly be back for more. Must try black Forrest cake.....wow
1	Terribly disappointing! The hamburger from the one undaring person was the best thing in the menu. If you want want true, good authentic German food, look elsewhere.
3	We arrived just on the verge of dinner rush hour. Had to wait for a couple to leave and was wondering why with a long table had 6 empty places. Though the waiter would at least asked if we minded sharing a table, later on I saw why. The whole table must be reserved for regulars because after we were seated and had ordered, a couple came in and went directly to the empty seats. About 10 - 15 minutes later, 4 more people came in and took the 4 other empty places. Once we were seated, the service was prompt and helpful. The marble rye was  great. The beer cold and tasty. The food, not so good or traditional. I wanted very much to give this restaurant a 5 but I'm sorry I just can't bring myself to even a 4. The sauerkraut was sweet!  I might be wrong, but it's sauerkraut supposed to be sour? Red cabbage was sweet! My wife's dumpling was pasty and did I mention that both the sauerkraut and red cabbage was SWEET? Best I can say, it was almost OK and this is now on my "Been there, Done that" list
4	My husband and I have been to Germany, and were missing some good German food.  This is a bit of a drive for us, but we gave it a shot.  I had the Jaegerschnitzel, which was good.  The schnitzel was cooked crispy on the outside, I like that.  The gravy was good, but could have had more mushrooms.My husband had the ziguenerschnitzel.  It had jalapenos in the gravy, which could be their nod to Arizona ( this is definitely not German), but said it was good.The service was quick even though the place was packed.  The waitresses are typical German, not super friendly, we had no complaints. The wheat beer from the tap was good.The potatoe dumpling was a bit on the cold side, but the fried potatoes I had were yummy.We will go again.Best German food we have had in Arizona :)
1	The most unauthentic German food ever!  If you're into cheap & your taste buds are nonexistent, this one's for you!  Everything tastes like it came out of a can, nothing is made from scratch. No chef working in this kitchen!  You want quality, authentic German food?  Walk a few doors east to Bavarian Point. The only authentic German food in Arizona prepared by an actual chef!!!
5	You ever just want to go into a German restaurant and feel like you walked into someone's family party? That's the feeling you will get when you visit Zur Kate. The pork was melt-in-your mouth magic and every bite was a little bit of heaven. You can't have a party without music. The live accordion music was the perfect addition to the ambiance. It was impossible not to dance in your seat.  This is a definite must-return on my list.
5	Wow Can't believe I over looked writing a review on one of our weekly hang outs.  Happy Hour Every Thursday night!!! German Food & Beer what's not to love.  Yes they get packed really really quick during the winter snowbird season.  Doesn't really matter what night you go.  1st weekend of the month ham hock weekend and if you aren't there lining up by 4 pm you'll be lucky to get one.  My husband is from Bavaria and yes all parts of Germany make their dishes just a little bit different just like here, North, South, Tex-Mex, Baja style etc.  So to each their own.WE always have great food, if not they quickly correct, great service, and great beer!!  We have had almost every kind of schnitzel, saubraten, ham hock, sausages, etc...don't think there is much on the menu we haven't tried.  Been going for years!Wish they were open for lunch to grab a schnitzel sandwich or brat!!  HINT HINTSorry for not writing this sooner!!  Oh when my kids (teenagers) want to go out for their birthday dinner they always always request here and a whole black forest cake. :)
4	My friends and I decided to try out Zur Kate because we were looking for something new to try.  We're a group of late 20 and early 30 year olds and usually end up at some chain restaurant in Tempe or Scottsdale to eat. If you are looking for authentic German food then you will find it at Zur Kate. It wasn't GREAT German food but it was GOOD. I was super-excited when I found out the daily special (Friday) was Rouladen because this was one of my favorite meals that my mom used to make for us (she's from Germany). So that's what I ended up getting. The verdict -- it was good but my mother's (and mine) is way better. It tasted a little over cooked and could've used more of the traditional ingredients stuffed in it. I also ordered sauerkraut and potato dumpling. The sauerkraut was a little bland but stll good. The potato dumpling was my favorite item on my plate. Nice big dumpling ball, perfect consistancy with the traditional crouton in the center.  I must add that we sat down and ordered our food around 6:30 - 7:00pm and I almost didn't get the rouladen. It was the last one they had.  So people must love it.The rest of our table ordered either one of the schnitzel or brat plates. They all seemed pretty happy with their selections and I tried a bite of a couple of them and they had good flavor.One thing I didn't like is that NONE of the schnitzels were veal...all were pork. It would've been nice to have more than one option. The staff was super busy (they probably could've used another server or two). Our server was a german woman who was good but you could tell she was rushed. She actually forgot to put my food order in so I received my food about 5 mins after the rest of the table.The place could use a good sprucing. There were cute nicknacks on the walls but is defnitely could use some updating. I think if they were located in a larger space it would be better. There was an accordian player that played all throughout dinner and he was very good and it helped add to the ambiance.On a side note, there was about 80 people in the restaurant (which is kind of small) and I think everyone except for my friends and I were all over the age of 70. I think a lot of old timers like this place.  Not that there's anything wrong with this, it was just a little funny. We did get to the restaurant kind of early though...6:15pm ish.All in all, it was a good experience and I would definitely go back, just maybe at a later time in the night when the early bird rush is gone so it's not as busy.The End...
5	Had a great meal here prior to a show at the Mesa Arts Center. We arrived at about 4:30pm and the place was really hopping! It was obvious that a fair share of the patrons were regulars because there were a lot of orders for the night's special, pork shank. I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel with red cabbage and spaetzle. My wife had Wiener Schnitzel with potato dumpling and sauerkraut, and we shared the ZK Hausmacher wurst. We both were extremely satisfied with our meal and would recommend it to any of our friends or family with a hankering for good German food. The portions were large, the food tasted great, the price certainly was affordable, the staff was very friendly and the ambiance was fun. When the music played, I could almost picture myself back in Germany...except for the palm trees outside. The only problem to speak of is that Zur Kate is 17 miles from our house!
5	I have been here twice.  Once in october 2013 and noe in june 2014.  Both times i have been here, i have been blown away by the food.  I have had both the schnitzel and the bratwurst and both feel like they have a little old german cook in the kitchen.  I highly recommend thid place!
5	The food was delicious and the atmosphere was awesome! Definetely have the apple strudel with vanilla sauce, but be careful you might end up licking the plate
5	Great food and great beer! Took my family and enjoyed some live music. Tried the brats w potatoes.   Good!East Mesa favorite.
3	We were in the area and spotted this place.  We had not intended to go here specifically, but it looked interesting.Upon entering the decor was an attempt to look like Germany.  Having been to Germany I can say it isn't really on the mark, but it was a nice effort.  They have several beers available, but they did miss some of the biggies (like Paulaner).The menu had typical German fare.  Several schnitzels (wiener, jaeger, etc).  A few side dish choices.  I had the wienerschnitzel and my wife had a sausage plate (I forget which one).  I opted for spaetzle as my side.  The food was fine.  Not great.  Certainly not as good as what we had in Munchen (Munich).  But fine.  The breading was done perfectly, I must say.  Not greasy.  Very light and crispy.  The meat itself was fine.  The spaetzle was different.  They put a brown sauce on it (which I've never seen...in Germany it was more of a butter sauce).  It was fine, but really more like pasta.  And it shouldn't have been like pasta (even though it looks like it).All in all, not bad. But not really great or memorable either.  Sure, German food does tend to be a bit more bland than other cuisines, but it can be quite good.  This was OK.
1	This place is god awful. ..very Americanized german food.the staff is sloppy...if you want cheep German good that is what you'll get
2	I will admit I am not a connoisseur of German food, but as a "did I have a good meal?" response, I have to say no. I'm writing this review not to be mean--in fact, the waitress (although very busy and all by herself) was very nice and knowledgeable, the restaurant seemed very clean and the food seemed to be safely prepared. I'm writing this review just really as a head's up for what you're getting. If you are going into Zur Kate for a German beer and some beer food, I think you might actually like this place. If you're going in for say, a family meal, go someplace else. Unless you are all on the same page about eating salty meats and pickled cabbage, go to Bavarian Point instead. And if you have a vegetarian in your party? Just don't. The menu consists of various sausage-style meats and either breaded or "grilled" pork (I had the smoked pork chop prepared on the grill with grilled onions. It was so salty I couldn't eat it). There is one hamburger option on the menu and a (25 minutes required) Cornish game hen option. There are NO vegetables on the menu, NO salad options, NO soups--not even a chicken breast or pasta option (there ARE German noodle and chicken dishes in existence). Frankly, given the total absence of any kind of vegetable option (other than sauerkraut and pickled red cabbage), I would have been happy with a handful of iceberg lettuce and ranch dressing to go with the supermarket marble rye on the table. I mean, every restaurant in America has at least a side salad on the menu... Bottom line--if you know what you want and what you're getting here, I give you my blessings. If you've got a group going out for dinner, though, this is NOT one of those places where "there's something for everybody" on the menu.
1	German cafeteria food. period.  I had the special: stuffed roast pork, red cabbage and spaetzle. (sp)
4	Quaint and quiet atmosphere. Very clean and friendly staff. The food was good, never been to Germany so can't say if its authentic but there were a bunch of old guys with beards and suspenders that made me think its probably pretty good. Like when you go for BBQ and there are real cowboys and fat girls you know the BBQ is good.We will be going back soon to keep working through the menu, again it was clean, tasty and filling. Good prices too.
