4	I love this location.  Compared to all the PTs and such around, this one's the best.  It's well lit inside, has huge TV's, great food, great service, good video poker/slot selection, and they play good music.If you come between 12pm-8am sit with homer at the bar (bartender).  He is seriously awesome.
4	My husband and I love this place. TV's everywhere so you can see the games and the food is great. Take some friends and make it a hangout.
5	We had a great time here.  They had great service. We had someone greet us from the bar as soon as we walked in.  They also have great food.  Their pretzel bites appetizer is amazing.  The happy hour specials were also a great deal.  If you are in the neighborhood, definitely check them out.
4	Great place to meet friends for a few drinks, decent happy hour - 50% off all drinks and pizza. Their pizza is decent, seems a little inconsistent like the crust will be a little different sometimes but it's still good. They have a great fried shrimp and calamari appetizer that my girlfriend loves, come with a  sweet chili sauce and Sriracha for a kick.Usually have had good service, there was one waitress once who seemed like she was pissed that she had to serve people for a living - and her tip reflected that but mostly service is good, the bartenders are very friendly too.Good TV placement, usually can see pretty much wherever you sit so it's a good place to catch a game or whatever. Can get crowded too but that just adds to the ambiance of a good tavern!
4	Great Service!  For Serious!  They greet you as soon as you walk in, choose your own seat, and they will be there in a few to get you all set up.  Cool atmosphere, lots of TVs with Sports and decent music and videos. We have been here only three times and had the same waitress two of those times.  We went back the second time and she remembered our orders and was quick to bring it!  Happy Hour ROCKS from 4 to 7 with half off of EVERY DRINK.  Yes... EVERY drink if you are a Beer n Bites member as well as half off every pizza.  And the Pizza is pretty darn good!  I love the Gilroy... Yum.  the Beer n Bites card is a good deal as it costs only $5 and they take $10 off your first order... so it is a no brain-er.    Perfect neighborhood happy hour hang out.  I see much of our money going to this establishment... sigh.. so bitter sweet!
5	This is my favorite bar in North Las Vegas! They have a great happy hour twice daily from 4-7 pm then again from midnight-4 am. 1/2 price drinks and 1/2 price pizza. Also, probably the best pizza in North Las Vegas if you like thin crust pizza!They also participate in the PT's pub Beer & Bites which gives you 2 for 1 entrees and appitizers plus cash back. Great locals bar.This place rocks!!!!!
2	Ate here for lunch...food was decent, but the service was terrible. Took about 45 min to get our food once we ordered and it wasn't even busy. Also not good for small kids since they do not have high chairs available.
3	Good place to grab a drink and take it easy.  Happy hour from 4p - 7p and the menu is very good for bar food.  Service is good, bar tenders will walk around the bar to make sure your drink is full.  Was impressed with wait staff, only 2 on duty on the Wednesday night we visited but they always made sure drinks were full and our needs were met.
2	I'm a PTS whore. In my opinion, this Sierra Gold rubs me the wrong way. I just don't like the vibe here. There is nothing wrong with the service. The architect was probably smoking weed while designing this place.
5	Nice place to hang out & drink. It's a PT's property, so they have the same amazing Happy Hour specials beginning at midnight.Half-Priced pizzas are the bomb!If Homer is there, ask him to hook you up with a custom cocktail & some betting picks, he's the best!Good prices on big draft beers. Decent prices on cocktails. Cute female bartenders in sexy leather vests.
1	Service here is the worst in las Vegas! Eaten here about four or five times now and the first time I was there I assumed maybe the waitress was just having a bad day or something and let it go. But now after eating there multiple times, I can say I have never had good service. on my most recent trip it took over fifteen minutes to get drinks (there was only about ten people in the whole restaurant). The waitresses are all rude and don't know the menu. She couldn't even tell me what kind of white wine they had when I asked, so she went to get a drink menu and came back with it. After looking in it for about fifteen seconds she simply said, "it's not in here so I don't really know for sure". Having service this horrible really sucks because the food is not all that bad, but the service ruins the whole experience. Dont bother spending your time or money here!
4	I'm surprised this is a PTs property. This place is a thousand times better than PTs. One of my favorite place to get drinks and hang out would have to be right here. The customer service is great; Food was alright. Tried the quesadilla... not too shabby. Bartenders are always available and don't ignore you unlike PTs, someone can take your drink order and you'll have it within 2 minutes. I really like their fast service and the fact that they actually care for their customers.
4	So I was craving a hamburger - and I thought I would give this place a try.  I have to say for a chain bar and grill not known for food I was pleasently suprised...They have a good happy hour with plenty of specials.  The 22 oz newcastles were only $3.50.  The hamburger was a huge patty hanging way over the sides of the bun.  It had just the right amount of grease dripping out of the patty and most importantly it was plenty juicy!  That was a TASTY burger!  Craving satisfied!Good spot to watch sports with plenty of TV's.The women working there do wear revealing tops with their jugs totally popping out.  I'm just saying......
4	I stop here on a regular basis. The bartenders are pretty friendly (can be a hit or miss) They have a good happy hour. 3.50 for a large beer and 1/2 off pizzas. They also have a pretty large menu with good burgers and wings. Its a non smoking bar which is nice. The eating area, gaming area, and restrooms are clean which is a bonus! Ill keep coming back.
5	Go See HOMER he is the best bar tender in north Las vegas.   Dont bother going on any other shift.   Unless you want horrible service and bad attitude from the wait staff.
4	Came here on grave shift one night and the bartender. Homer I think is his name is freaking awesome. It was super busy. He was by himself and he was slammed but he was able to handle the situation. I wad impressed. He is one of the most efficient bartenders I have seen.  Btw..philly cheesesteak was awesome.
4	I have now been to Sierra Gold three times. And, except for pot stickers, the food has been consistently very good. Setting is informal country western (Is there any other kind of country western?), with cowhide on the backs of bar stools, comfortable padded high-backed chairs in the eating section, and walls of stone and plaster covered with cork wallpaper that is colored brown with glints of gold coming through, like as yet unrecovered ore. The appetizer selection is excellent. On this night, hungry as we were, Diane and I opted to start off with Fried Pot Stickers, Calamari and Shrimp Fry, and Popcorn Shrimp. Our initial order of pot stickers, served with slaw and ginger, was all dark brown and extra crispy looking, and included dots of chili oil on the platter (see Version 1 pot stickers pic). I tried one pot sticker and it tasted extra crunchy as well. When I asked our server if the pork-filled pot stickers always come out this crispy, she answered, "It depends on who is in the kitchen." And she volunteered that the pot stickers of the chef on duty tended to be rather crispy but said they could be made less so if I liked. I took her up on the offer, and a new batch of less crispy pot stickers was ordered. (I was only charged for one order.) When they arrived at the table not long afterward, the pot stickers were still crispy but clearly less so than before (see Version 2 pot stickers pic). This batch was good but still crispier than I prefer. The other appetizers of the night were on a whole different plane. The Calamari--both rings and tentacles--were quite tasty. This starter came with two sauces and dots of chili oil on the platter.  While the pleasant Asian Sweet & Sour Sauce was really sweet and slightly spicy at the same time, the Thai Hot Chili Sauce that our waitress called Sriracha and likened to a red Wasabi literally took my speech away! It was that hot! And, the little banana peppers served with this appetizer carried a pretty good kick themselves. But shrimp was king! Three giant, well-seasoned fried shrimps were simply succulent and delicious. And, the individual, well-battered Popcorn Shrimp were large and very juicy as my molars chomped down upon the tender crustaceans. But the hits of the evening for me were yet to come. Best of all was a warm, chewy, and distinctly very sour A.B.L.T. sandwich made with lightly toasted sourdough bread. The tomato slices were bright red, the slices of avocado light green without a black spot in sight, and the single lettuce leaf was dark green, evidencing their freshness. The salty taste of bacon appropriately shone through everything, with all ingredients melding well together by the addition of just the right amount of mayonnaise. This was a good-sized but not club-type, multilayered sandwich--which left some room for dessert. The hand-cut fries accompanying the sandwich were crisp on the outside but too soft on the inside. To complete our meal we selected home-baked Chocolate Chip Cookies, then watched our server vacuum most of the carpeting in our dining area before our dessert was ready. I was contemplating inquiring about the projected time line for our cookies just as a lovely smell of melted chocolate and baked goods wafted into my nostrils from the kitchen about 25 yards away. It was the unmistakable smell of freshly baked Chocolate Chip Cookies. And, after they arrived soon afterward, the three very warm and supple cookies were as delicious as they smelled. Chocolaty goodness melted in both my hand and mouth. They were worth the 20-minute wait! Not long ago I ordered a medium-rare,10-oz. Beef Burger at this Sierra Gold location, and, besides being cooked perfectly to order, it was very juicy and tasty. But the size of the thick meat patty was too much for me! It is a humongous burger, great for humongous burger lovers! I will stick with a few shared appetizers and an A.B.L.T.
3	We showed up on a Thursday evening and the place was relatively empty. Despite that, the service was pretty slow and they messed up on two orders.  They forgot the cheese on my burger and gave the wrong type of fries to someone else at my table. The waitress was at least very apologetic. As far as the food went, it was delicious! The burgers were great, just a bit overcooked. They have all the pieces of the puzzle, but have yet to put them together correctly. I'll give them another try and see if I change my rating.
3	Great service and above average pub food.  They suffer from problems with consistency in their food from shift to shift and restaurant to restaurant.  A real genuine chef created the menu and recipes but I fear this place is missing some of the pub food basics we have come to expect.  I wish Chef Joey would sit down and simplify the choices at all of Golden Gaming places.  In the meantime... better than average.  I recommend the Cheese Steak WITH WIZ!!  Very close to the Philly original.
1	The service was terrible!!  I went in with a friend to play a game of Golden Tee, have some drinks and a little food.  I asked the bartender if a server was on or if I should go  though the bar.  A server was on and she eventually came over.  I ordered a Ketel One and water in a pint glass.  I was told I couldn't have it in this glass for some reason.  Once she checked with the bartender, she returned with the drink as I ordered it.  I then had to go find the server again so we could order food.  The food came and once again she didn't check on how the food was or if we needed another drink.  I returned to the bar to find our server to order another drink.  I realized our server had left and we had a new server.  She never came over to tell us she was taking over or ask us if we needed anything.  I ordered a new drink and once again we had to go through the discussion about the glass.  She came back with the drink, slammed it down and walked away.  Didn't take the empty glass or the finished food.  I once again had to return to the bar to get the check.  Never again did I see the server.  Upon leaving, we looked around, not one table in the whole place.  These two servers had no other guests the entire time we were there.  Guest service was definitely not a priority to these two individuals.  I have had experiences like this several times here and now I will not return.
4	Very nice place, or at least a clear step above the corner bars and pubs in NLV.Female bartenders/servers wear low-cut corsets with lots of cleavage pushed up, so that's also very nice.Happy hour means half-price drinks but the only food item that enjoys a happy hour discount is their pizza.We ordered  fried shrimp tossed in hot sauce and a pepperoni pizza.  Both were served in timely fashion with a smile.  The shrimp was good and we will likely order it again. The pizza is on a crispy cracker crust, which I like but my wife wasn't crazy about.  We will certainly return to try more menu items (and half-price drinks).
4	The happy hour at Sierra Gold is what makes this place worth the outting.Sierra Gold can best be describes as a high-end PT's and it really is. PT's own all of the Sierra Golds (I think there are a total of 3 of 4 in Las Vegas) and really positions SG as the chains more fancy or nicer bars. This particular location is located right off the 215 on the SW side of town. Its easily 5 times the size of a traditional neighborhood bar complete with an upstairs private room which can be rented for special occasions. The main reason that I and really any of my friends come by is for the cheap drinks and pizza during happy hour. The late night happy hour which starts at 12am every night takes half off all the drinks and the pizza at SG. This makes SG the perfect place for a late-night excursion or cheap eat after a night of going out. Like most bars, the regular price drinks fun anywhere from 6-10 bucks, which turns into $3-5 during HH! Thats awesome! On top of that they are a pretty good selection of beers on tap along with some great specialty drinks.What brings in a lot of people of course is the food. The pizzas are also 50% off during happy hour and they are worth it. The thin crispy pizzas pair pretty well with any late night munchies you get. They have enough combinations of toppings and sauces to satisfy even the pickiest of pizza eaters. I wish they had other foods on the happy hour because pizza is not really up everyone's alley.The only downside I have noticed to SG is their abysmal service when the place gets busy. Come in on a weekend night and it you have to go search for a server to bring you drink and food. I understand that because of the discounts, the servers don't make as much and probably don't want to work as hard, but that is still no excuse for poor service.All in all its a great place to check our if your looking for cheap drinks and food.
5	This is MY bar. Emphasis on MY not to seem territorial, but more to say that this is my go-to bar. You know da kine where everybody knows your name, your drink order and such. And I don't think I come here that often so that means they do pay attention.My friend and I always meet here when it's time to have a few drinks and catch up. We used to switch it up from time to time with some of the other bars in NLV but none of them have better food or HH specials. Now we just exclusively come here for drinks on our usual WCW (West Coast Wednesday's), which is what we call our little humpday ritual for the past few years now. Hehe corny, I know.They have monthly food specials so if you ever get bored with the regular menu (impossible) try one of the featured foods they have for that month. Some of my faves:Pretzel bitesTurkey Panini (add bacon and tomato)Steak and eggsCajun (dry rub) chicken wingsCooCoo chipsCaesar Salad (w/med rare steak)Any of their burgersP90 margarita (which is more like a margatini)I know I'm forgetting to mention a few things but honestly, I have not had anything I disliked from there. Come check 'em out if you're up here. Maybe I'll see you next WCW.
4	We had another very good meal at this Sierra Gold.  Fried Pot Stickers were very crispy and served with good slaw, very spicy red sauce, and a tasty Asian Dipping Sauce.  A well-seasoned homemade Meatball Soup, with chicken broth, carrots, celery, rice, tomatoes, red peppers, spinach, cilantro, and delectable meatballs, was very hot and tasty, but contained too much celery.Asian Chicken Salad, comprised of mixed greens, crispy rice noodles, toasted peanuts, and mandarin oranges in a light Asian vinaigrette was good but not great.  The chicken could have been more moist.A Sierra Gold Zookie with Vanilla Ice Cream, Chocolate and Caramel Sauces draped over a just baked and very warm Chocolate Chip Cookie produced excellent flavors but was very much akin to a BJ's Pizookie.  I would have preferred a little more originality in the dessert.  Nevertheless, it was another "thumbs up" late night meal here.
4	I'm probably more of a 3.5 with this place, but I decided to give them the 4 since their wait staff was very friendly and very nice to look at! Went to watch a football game with a buddy of mine and down a few beers and eat some garbage that bars call food and was delightfully surprised with their affordable lineup. Beers ran me about 2 bucks a pop for some midlevel crap that I can't remember and the food was cheap and tasty and microwaved to perfection. As for the ambiance this place scores nicely. It has a nice and inviting feel to it and about 11 thousand TV's so your not missing any action. Oh and if the game isn't exciting enough, the waiteresses are a nice distraction as well. Yes I was totally perving out on one of the girls and no I am not sorry about it. To sum it up, cheap beers, cheap food albeit tasty, and great ambiance.
1	Good food horrible service ! Be prepared to wait for a long time busy or not!
1	We used to love this place, but it has gone downhill a long way.  Went for lunch on Saturday, place was almost empty, yet the waitress managed to stay hidden constantly.  The service was horrible.  The portions overall were small, you only get 4 potato skins with an order and they were cold.  The nachos were good.  The sandwiches were small and they skimped on the fires.  Overall, a poor dining experience.
4	I am always here during football season to watch my Patriots play since a lot of my games aren't show on local TV. Jan (my bartender) is amazing. Always really attentive and a good time and the food here isn't what  you would expect. In addition to the normal bar fare you also have some culinary masterpieces. Try the pizzas you wont be disappointed!
2	Went here one evening on the suggestion of my spouse who had been there before. I ordered the roasted chili burger special, and was extremely disappointed when an obviously frozen hockey puck burger with one thin slice of chili showed up. Waitress handled the issue fine, and I must say the ahi tuna salad i ordered as a replacement was wonderful, but the food was hit and miss in my case.
3	I have been here several times and have always been happy with what I've ordered.  Sierra Gold is like an upper scale version of PTS so its better than the average fried up bar food.  This time we were strictly going for the happy hour.  What is better than 1/2 off drinks and 1/2 off pizza aaand $2 Dos Equis??  When we came in we were immediately greeted by the bartender.  Off to a good start.  We were seated in the dining area.  The dining area wasnt totally full but had a handful of tables.  The bar area was full though.  Apparantly those are the best seats in the house. ;)We ordered our Dos Equis-a solid drink and one of us got a specialty drink.  For appetizers we got the Pretzel Bites with honey mustard and cheese sauce.  I love them and get them everytime we come here!  Our friends got the Jalepeno Poppers which they said were pretty good too.  And then there was the 1/2 price pizzas-we ordered 2 (one buffalo chicken and one bbq chicken).  Seem too good to be true?  Yes Yes.  These werent pizzas they were gigantic crackers with over cooked melted cheese on them.  These pizzas were so thin that if you stacked them on top of each other they would still be thinner than my cell phone (Galaxy S2 mind you). LOL  They weren't awful but no one really was ready for the no crust crunchy cracker pizza unfortunately.  The service was ok. The only time we saw our waitress was when she brought us the food.  We actually went to the bar to order another set of drinks instead of waiting for her. The bartender chicks were very nice and took our order right away as soon as we walked up.  BTW the girls outfits are totally cute. ;)Now I would have given them one more star because their food has always been pretty consistent from what I remember.  I just thought for the pizza "happy hour special" that brings people in would be a little more than we expected.....You get what you pay for I guess....a 1/2 price pizza cracker. LOL  I'm not mad at it, I just will get something else next time....and some people might like a crunch to thier pizza.Random:  the pretzel bites are the bomb. I love them.  The seared ahi tuna with the wasabi sause is amazing, the wings are yummy and their sandwiches have always been good. We will for sure be back.  Half price drinks are always a reason to go we will just skip the pizza and order what we know. :)
4	Six months later dining at Sierra Gold, and it was deja vu.  Another excellent rendition of Fried Pot Stickers with pork and Asian Dipping Sauce made lightly crispy as requested.  Another bowl of homemade Meatball Soup with hunks of fresh white chicken meat added to chicken broth, with carrots, celery, rice, tomatoes, red peppers, spinach, cilantro, and delicious small meatballs, which tasted like Italian Wedding Soup plus more.  And, still another A.B.L.T. (Avocado, Bacon, Lettuce, & Tomato) Sandwich on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread, with luscious visible slices of fresh green avocado, juicy toothsome bacon, two layers of bright red tomato slices, crunchy lettuce, and good skin-on fries which were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.Proving once again that this tavern consistently continues to serve high-quality and very tasty comfort food.
4	This is a clean little bar with a "Cabin" feel.  It is not very busy most of the time and is very clean.  They only have one pool table, but it only cost $2.50 to use the equipment for as long as you want.  The food is just ok bar food.
4	I'm a fan of this place. And if you like Cheese, order the Nacho's.
2	Living in this neighborhood on and off for the last twenty years it is always great to have a nice bar/restaurant close by.  The ambience is nice, the food is good, and overall it is a solid bar.  The reason for my low marks is the lack of accessibility to folks in wheelchairs.  The setup made it so I was unable to dine with my parents.  There was ONE table that maybe fit three people that looked like it was pulled out of the garbage that I guess was reserved for folks when they had to deal with a wheelchair.  I don't see how in 2013 so close to an elderly community that, that is even possible.
1	Terrible service for a late lunch with the hubby... Order was wrong.  Thai peanut wings were bomb.  Tried callin in an order on a Saturday night and was placed on hold for almost 10 minutes!  All I wanted was the Thai peanut wings . Busy or not... Service sucks!!!
1	This used to be our go-to spot on Fridays for happy hour. Now they've cut their happy hour down to 5-7 instead of 4-7. The service is terrible. The pizza has gone downhill. The rest of the food (taste and portion sizes) is inconsistent. Some of the servers should not be wearing those skimpy outfits. After being disappointed the last 3 or 4 times I've been in, I don't think I'll ever go back.
1	Terrible service every time I've been forced to meet people there and I've gotten sick twice from eating the food. If you're cool with that, the place looks cool.
4	This is my first time here & I must say, not bad.. Not bad at all. The waitress was consistent.. Checked in pretty frequently which was nice. The food.. It was pretty good. Probably the only reason why I gave this review 4 stars was because the Philly Cheesesteak I ordered would have been more complete with green & red peppers. Aside from that, everything was great! The atmosphere was cool & the drinks, even though on special (everyday between 5-7pm & 12-2am), they were strong! So its definitely worth it! I would come back, especially because they have a 24 hour breakfast menu! YUM!
4	Great happy hour specials that include half price pizzas.  I really enjoy the chicken and ranch pizza with grilled chicken instead of the fried.  I always have great service here and they have a fun and friendly atmosphere. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is I think that their food is a little overpriced. Always a great place to meet up with friends and have a few drinks. Have price beers during happy hour from 4-7.
5	Very nice, clean, quaint location.  Service great as usual. Came during lunch hours and wasn't too crowded.
5	Happy hour - pizza & drink specials! Don't forget the garlic parmesan fries- soooo good!
4	I met up with some friends of friends at this cozy place. Before entering I had no idea it was a part of the "PTS" chain . Basically it is a fancier version. We got to enjoy Happy Hour from 5-8pm on a Sunday with 50% off Pizzas and drinks . The food was actually really decent for the price and the Service was EXCELLENT. My biggest issue was the fact the bartender never took a card for a tab so basically my friend and  I ended up getting toasted and having a huge bill that we had to try to allocate fees. It would of been a lot easier seeing as we were two females for him to ask if we wanted separate checks or together. We were sitting at the bar with a large group. The one thing to his credit was if you don't have their rewards card you get $5 off your bill so it brought my total down to like 80$ so that was exciting. Don't forget to ask about that if you go in!! Honestly it is a Glorified PTS but the vibe is really nice and the staff is super friendly... I give it four stars because I would go back again...and probably spend the same if not more money and still have a good time. To me if a Bartender is friendly it makes the world of difference but if the whole staff is HAPPY it proves they love their job and want to work for their tips so definitely had a good time!!!
3	The place is great. The waitress was not hence the loss of 2 stars. We went twice in the last two weeks. The first time the waitress didn't even greet us she just said "are you drinking anything". Luckily it was busy and another waitress with an actual personality ended up serving us. She was awesome. Then we went last night with a large group and we had called ahead letting them know. They had a nice area blocked off for us. But...  We got the rude waitress from the week before. She refused to leave menus after we ordered. She literally took a napkin out of my hand to clean up and told me to get another one. Maybe she was obsessive compulsive but she was so rude about it. Not a single person in our party of 10 had a decent experience with her. The saving grace was the gentleman who helped her out delivering the food. He was pleasant and accommodating. For such a nice spot, Sierra Gold should really reconsider allowing the woman server to be around their patrons. They just lost 10 because of her. If you do go beware the server with long brown hair and the absent personality. I recommend sitting at the bar. The bartender and bar back were awesome.
3	Food is pretty awful.  Kurt waitresses, but the building is nice.  If you are going for a game then this will be fine, but if you're looking for good food go elsewhere.
5	Went there for the first time, had a great bartender name Mike !He was awesome. Never had to ask for a drink, very attentive. Food was delivered quickly, and very tasty! Been to a lot of places, it's the bartender that keeps ya coming back,! Defiantly be back! Thanks for the FANTABULOUS service Mike, see ya real soon
2	Good place to come watch a game.. but high price drinks and dry tasteless food. They have a drink special which is wild turkey for 6.50.. you can buy a bottle for 18. We ordered the ghost pepper cheese quesadilla and eggs benedict. The quesadilla had no flavor and was not even remotely hot ... ghost peppers? The eggs benedict was put together well but had literally no hollandaise sauce which resulted in a super dry meal that was hard to eat. The communication between guest and server was almost nonexistent.  The decoration on the inside gave a modern mixed with cowboy vibe. I would not recommend this place even slightly as there are lots of bars in Vegas that are far superior.
4	Happy hour and nfl specials are great!  Half off beer and pizza from 5-7pm. The Gilroy is a favorite. Most of the staff is great!  A few of them are a bit snobbish.
3	Can I just state that this place can now breathe since one of the most rudest bartenders isn't working there anymore (Candace). Now I don't have to come in around her schedule but can go in freely as I please! Other than her this atmosphere is pretty laid back. I also just found out that one of my favorite servers got transferred I don't know why but I MISS HER AND HER CUPCAKES please bring her back!
4	Back to Sierra Gold for another late night dinner, and it did not disappoint.Fried Potstickers with ginger and a Sriracha Pepper Sauce underpinning were light crispy as requested, and very good to the taste buds.  Another appetizer of golden Calamari & plump Fried Shrimp, mounded inside a metal cone, also tasted very good with the help of a good Teriyaki Dipping Sauce.  A very good BLTA on lightly toasted Sourdough Bread with just enough good skin-on French Fries ended a fine casual meal of comfort food.  Service was spot on.
3	I think their food is pretty good BUT it never fails Every time I order the pear salad it's always missing something! It's like the waitress isn't listening. Or I order wings and I ask for blue cheese and always get ranch! It's little things like this that makes the experience and the prices I pay irritating. I want to get what I pay for. I don't want to get home with my take out and dip a wing and discover its in a dressing I hate or that my salad is all together wrong! BUT they are always very accommodating and fix their error and compensate me for it, but it happens all too often.
2	It has been a few years since I have been to Sierra Gold and decided to give it a try since it is around the corner. It is a great place if you want to have drinks, watch sports and smoke cigarettes and enjoy some bar food.I have asthma so I am limited to restaurants that allow smoking. I asked the server if there was a non smoking area and was directed to the designated area. The filtration is ok but two hours later I began to cough and my clothes smelled of smoke when I arrived home. I realize that taverns want to cater to the smoking crowd so I will not return to this establishment due to the air quality.The food was ok, we ordered the wing bucket that included fries and they were good, however the fries were over salted and I attempted to rub some off on the plate. I am not sure if the sauce on the wings were salty or the salting of the fries landed on the wings. My friend wanted to order a beer and apparently there is no list and the server had to recite the selection. A beer list is nice so one can peruse the choices instead of being put on the spot to order. The majority of people would not be able to recite the selection if they decided to order a second.While my friend was in the restroom I requested the check and paid for the meal and included the tip, the server was great and made this happen without my friends knowledge. When I went to the bathroom she asked my friend if we wanted another drink as she was ending her shift and another server would be taking care of our table. My friend decided to tip her, she did not mention I had already paid and tipped her. She was tipped $13 for a $24 dollar meal. There was no excuse, so unprofessional. The Happy Hour is not worth it unless you like pizza, that is the only food item offered, drinks are 50% off. I am gluten intolerant and they do not have a gluten free pizza which I understand, but there are no Happy Hour options for me.I will personally not return, but if a neighbor asked me where they could have a drink, smoke and play pool I will refer them to Sierra Gold. It is a great place to watch sports with their large screen TV's
4	I've been to a lot of local bars in the area and this is one of the few that has great gaming, food, and bartenders who are knowledgeable in cocktails.  The music does not quite match the demographic that goes to the bar, and it often times has the TV's around the bar showing the news, or old VH1 music videos playing, while a different song plays through the speakers of the bar but, this is not enough to steer you away from this place. Great selection of food, great seating. Whether its at the bar or one of their booths around the restaurant.
3	Decent wings, but they were a bit dry. Great for groups as a bunch of us were able to have a corner too ourselves.
4	The food was good and decent portions. The best part of this place was our server, Mary. She was very friendly and on it, great service. I give her 5 stars!
