5	We wandered in because we thought this new location at the Norterra Shopping Center was open to the public, there were lots of cars and people going in and out. It turned out to be Friends and Family Day and this Buffalo Wild Wings wasn't officially opening until a few days later. We turned to leave but they told us to come on in and make ourselves at home which was a pleasant surprise. There was alot of hustle and bustle going on and confusion (some friends and family can be pretty demanding) and I think some of the new servers were nervous but everyone was in a good mood, happy and the service was above and beyond what is usual at some places and quite efficient. There was lots on the menu to choose from besides wings and the kids menu was extensive. We ordered a Black and Bleu burger, a grilled chicken sandwich, cheeseburger slammers, a Boca Burger, and of course, the wings.  There were so many wing sauces to choose from.and we decided to try the Caribbean Jerk sauce. Everyone was satisfied with their food and we all tried each others (even me and I got the Boca Burger...I'm a can't-resist-the-temptation-of meat vegetarian). Often Boca burgers served at restaurants aren't very tasty even though they're all the same brand. I don't know what Buffalo Wild Wings does to theirs but it had a goof flavor and not that cardboard texture. The Black and Bleu burger had an interesting flavorful combination of bleu cheese and Cajun spices and the cheeseburger sliders were yummy. I've gotten in the habit at restaurants of testing out the burgers without all the condiments to see if the meat actually has a good taste. I've been so disappointed at several restaurants lately where the burgers are laden with extras but if you push those away and actually take a bite of the meat alone it's dull and flavorless. This is not the case at Buffalo Wild Wings, the beef is seasoned to perfection. The chicken sandwich was juicy and had a good flavor. We really enjoyed the wings as well. I hate soggy wings and these were nice and crispy. The sauce was definitely tasty and not too sweet or spicy as some Jerk seasonings can be.I was surprised that the french fries tasted just like McDonald's which is a good thing if you love them. I guess I was just expecting the fries to be different. At the end of the meal we asked for the check and were told no check it was all on the house which was a pleasant and unexpected shock. We will definitely be back.
4	Incredibly friendly service here, and food was fairly good as well.  A lot of families were present, but thankfully you couldn't hear them because the soccer television audio was turned up incredibly loud.  Garlic 'shrooms were tasty and I love the thick cut homemade potato chips.Only irritation is the inaccurate beer menu on the tables.  Apparently they have a bit more craft beer on tap than what the menu indicated, and I would rather have had some of the Red Nectar ale or Black Butte or Grand Canyon instead of the basic macro-imports and domestic-macro that were listed on the pre-printed menu.
4	Brand spankin new... The good: Service was excellent they had 26 servers on staff to help out just incase they were busy. Granted several of those servers will not be employed after a few weeks. You know who they are. Janine was nice helpful and didn't mind sharing stories while she had no one else to help. The just ok: The burgers are a nice hunk of meat but are corporately cooked to med well. Which means well by the time it gets to you. I had the Big jack which has the burger and pulled pork on it. The flavor was great but the burger was done. Over all the place is nice, set up with a bar on 1/2 and dining room on the other. I could see watching some football here.
2	I went with a buddy for lunch and WOW horrible.  We got seated and waited 15 minutes before even being asked for beverages.  Finally after getting our drinks our orders got taken.  I ordered the Buffalo Ranch Chicken sandwich.  I'm sorry but it tasted just like something I could have gotten at Chick Fil A for a third of the price.  I was totally not impressed.  I have had wings before at another BWW and they were good so I know not everything is bad but I wouldn't order anything but wings from now on.  That is if I ever go back.  Native New Yorker has better wings so it's tough to want to go to a BWW in the future.
4	Really great place to eat and drink. we have been in 4-5 times since they have opened. Service was a little spotty the first time we were in but it has improved every time we go back.
4	Its hot. Its Saturday afternoon and my husband and I had a desire to eat wings and drink beer. We also have a 10-month old baby and wanted to get him out of the house. Thank god for B-Dubs (the original bar's name and where I worked in the 90's as a bartender in Michigan.) I need to find out why there was a name change. BW3 was such a midwest fave.We were seated immediately and our server's name was Kristi. She even wrote her name on our bev naps for us. Maybe its cheesy, but I like to know my server's name. We ordered some mini-corn dogs, fried pickle slices and boneless wings, along with some draft beers. Everything came out in great time and our beers were cold and food hot. We love fried pickle slices (not spears) and they were delicious. Since my husband and I enjoy watching sports and having a few beers, this will be a popular place for us to frequent since it is so close. There were many families in the late afternoon, which was great for us, and I don't think this should bother the non-children people out there. The TVs are loud enough to drown out children's screams or whines (our kid didn't make a peep and just smiled at everyone around us ;). We will definitely be back. So happy to have a sports bar in our 'hood that has decent greasy food and cold beers on draft.
5	Love BWW.  Excellent wings... haven't had any service issues... Gets REALLY busy in the evenings.  I was surprised.One thing that still irritates the crap outta me about B-Dubs is that they allow kids in the bar area.  To me, that's a big no-no.  I go to a bar to enjoy being WITHOUT screaming kids.  But this one isn't the only one that does it... I've experienced it at all of them.
5	When I heard that B double Dub was coming to the Norterra shopping center, I knew where I would be watching many football, basketball, etc and going forward.  We had been to the location at Scottsdale 101 and really liked it, but this one is just down the road= convenient!  I've been to this new location a few times now and sat in both the bar and dining areas and you really can't go wrong in either.  The staff has been great and put on any televised sporting event that i requested.  Had a great experience watching the US/Ghana World cup match in the bar as the staff was very friendly and into the match as were the patrons.  Now onto the food.  I LOVE the Mango Habanero wings.  They are smoking hot and delicious.  I have tried other flavors as well like the asian and a few others and they are all good.  They have a full bar and many beers on tap.  Now there is one item to note that is a bit of an oddity.  The men's room only has 1 urinal?  This is a bar folks and this has got to be one of the strangest things I have ever seen.  During TV breaks during the World Cup, there was a line for the men's room which is not a good thing after a few Stella's.  Overall, this is a great place to watch a game/games and I am looking forward to College and NFL games this fall.
3	Good enough. The food is a little overpriced for what you actually get, but I like all the TV's. Energetic atmosphere is nice too.
2	The sauces are good but the wings are the size of a childs thumb. not worth the price.
2	I've been to Buffalo Wild Wings before, but my first visit at this location was during UFC 117.If you come here to watch fighting events like UFC I would recommend arriving 2 hours before the main card starts if you want a seat inside. I arrived an hour before the PPV portion of the fight started and didn't get a seat until half an hour in and it was outside. I ordered 12 regular wings and I was very underwhelmed. I felt the wings were overpriced because they are smaller than average.The main reason why I went here was that they weren't charging a cover or bill minimum for the fight. Also, the atmosphere for a UFC fight was really good compared to the other BWW I went to in Tucson.If you want a place with a good atmosphere for a sporting event, you should come to BWW. But your food expectations should be lowered a lot.
5	Aghhh...BW in Norterra....this is exciting stuff!! I live right by here so no more driving all the way to scottsdale...cool servers..best boneless wings...this is the place to be with your buddies during a fight, sport game or just to sit down and shoot the shit.
2	BWW is the definition of overrated, I ate there last night with the wife for the second time and many times I had to walk away from this place since it is always so busy.  I agree that it looks like a great place to watch a game, except the seats aren't exactly comfortable.  Not to mention the wings aren't even that good, I mean I wouldn't wait to eat there and I can think of many other places with better wings.  I even tried (4) different flavors just to see what I would like best, some were pretty good but it did not leave much impression.  The ranch is OK, we make ranch at home that is MUCH better.  I did have a honey BBQ bacon chicken sandwich yesterday and that wasn't too bad but my wife thought Chili's could have made a better salad....she had some sort of a chicken tender salad.  The atmosphere is nice and the service was average, can't say enough about how average this place is so I am not sure what the big deal is about this place but if I would rather go to Hooters to have lousy food with a better view.
5	This is the best Buffalo Wild Wings I've ever been to!We went on a Sunday afternoon for football, right before the Cardinals game. Now, anytime I've done this before at a different BDubs, I always end up regretting not getting there sooner because it's so full! But this place is like an undiscovered gem - there were actual open tables!The service was par for Buffalo Wild Wings: nothing special but not disappointing.The food was also par: great!Go here for the football games before people discover it!
1	Love other locations, this one-NOT SO MUCH.Took FOREVER for our server to ask us for a drink order. The table was dirty when we arrived, although more than 75% of the bar was empty at the time. Our drinks finally arrive via someone other than our original server(who was MIA for at least a good 5 mins or more), we were finished and waiting for our server to get back to ask for our tab! Horrible service, and truly disappointed about that since we absolutely love  Buffalo Wild Wings in general.
4	great wings, proud of their drinks though. no drink specials.
3	Gluten free awesome wings FTW!!!! Yeah, this was some serious awesome wings... HOWEVER... If you are there to have a family birthday dinner (or something similar where you want to talk to each other). This might not be the place for you. BUT if you are there to watch some sort of sporting event on tv and yell at the top of your lungs for a good solid hour or so, this is your place! I would go and bear the noise again just for the wings though. I'll just prepare myself and the crew I go with better next time. :)
1	In the interest of cheap wings, my boyfriend and I decided to visit the Buffalo Wild Wings on their $0.60 wing Thursdays. That was our first mistake. We got to the restaurant at about 3:00pm, and it was completely deserted. this wasn't a bad thing, but it was kind of eerie in such a large sports bar. We were hoping to take advantage of happy hour drink specials, but their happy hour does not start until 4:00pm. Consisting of 27 wings in 3 different flavors and an order of fries, it took about 15 minutes for our order to arrive. These were the nastiest wings I had ever seen; they appeared to be deep fried and then sparingly slathered with different types of sauce. The sauce-to-wing distribution was inconsistent ans stingy. Some of the sauce even appeared to be congealed because it was improperly heated. The fries were just as disappointing as the wings. They cost $3.69 and were smaller than the portion size available at In-n-Out Burger (not as delicious as INO might I add). The total for our 27 wings, one order of fries and two waters was around $30. Now I can think of many restaurants that I would have preferred over Buffalo Wild Wings that serve much better food similar pricing. This negative experience was exacerbated by the fact that we came here because it was cheap. TL;DR: Don't eat here if you have any sense of dignity.
1	My wife and I met there for lunch. We started with an order of fried pickles which were horrible. The batter was grainy like it consisted only of cornmeal. We each ordered fish tacos which arrived luke warm. Our waiter was running all over the place and seemed really behind...this would explain why our food arrived late. The fish was heavily battered and heavily deep fried.....like a big, greasy sponge. I know some of you are thinking "why did this guy go to a wings place and get fish tacos". Well folks, once I got a look at their wings I decided the fish tacos were probably a safer bet. I make delicious fish tacos at home and figured they couldn't screw them up. I thought wrong.So $30 and a gut-ache later I find myself wondering why I thought this place would be any good at all. Do yourself a favor and avoid BWW at all costs. Where did I put that Maalox again?
2	As my husband so accurately put it while we shared a drink on the crappy patio, "I've seen better ambience in a Chuck E. Cheese."
2	My boyfriend, his brother, and I all went to Buffalo Wild Wings. It was Thursday and when the bill came we had questions. We flagged down the server and asked him and he apparently asked his manager to speak with us. I have no issue with that normally, but when a strident woman walks up and begins yelling at us it tends to annoy me. I tried to stay out of the conversation until she yelled at me. I know not to let my anger get in the way, so once everything worked out I asked the server for her name. The second she heard we had asked she came back over. She sounded pissed and told us there was no issue and it was a misunderstanding but that if our server was wrong she would have backed us up. All in all, the food was good, but the manager, Starr, was unpleasant, combative, and rude.
1	Shouldn't the food you name your restaurant after actually taste good? Why people go here for wings instead if Zipps or Half Moon is beyond me.Only good thing about this place is that they have all the games on TV. Otherwise, food sucks.
3	My 1st time at any BWW. I wanted to try a sampling of their sauces.I ordered 24 wings. Honey BBQ, Asian garlic, parmesan, mango. They were OK. The sauces, to me, seem very salty. They do taste great though. The wings are small, so don't go there expecting to have HUGE chicken wings. I got my order to go, so I was only in there for about 10 minutes. It was dead (Monday night). Tons of TV's and loud music - proably great to watch a game there.
1	First impressions go a long way most of the time and my first impression of this place is bad.I'll start with seating. When my friends arrived with our party of seven, we waited a good 40 minutes to get a table. After what seemed like an eternity, they offered us a booth. The only problem was that we had a couple stockier guys in the group and a booth would be less than comfortable.  After another 40 minutes we were finally seated.After we were seated, I noticed the only good thing that this establishment has going for them. Wall to wall TV's. That was not enough to keep me happy. I opened up the menu and saw the prices. This place was way overpriced for the quality of food they had. In other words, crappy food at an unbelievably high price. Our waiter took our drink orders, which was efficiently done, but after that I would only see him two more times that night. He refilled our drinks once and brought our orders. After we were done and he took our stuff, we waited a half an hour for the check. Needless to say he did not get a great tip.In summary, this restaurant is the exact opposite of what a good restaurant should be. Don't eat there!
2	The service here is HORRIBLE.  I know the menu better than most of the employees, they rarely come by the table to check on you, often times I feel ignored, and their food is moderately so-so.All of the issues I have with this location stem from management.  they are not being accountable and overseeing their operation.  My guess is that they use their position to supplement their dating life.  I have no evidence to support that, but I've seen it a time or two before and this is exactly what it looks like.
5	This is a great place to get some wings and a buzz. My bar tender Kiersten was great!! I never waited for a drink and she was very friendly. this is most def one of my favorite spots.
2	The Spicy Garlic wings are the ONLY reason I gave this place 2 stars.The service is terrible!!!  I have been here several times over the last couple of months and every time it is the same thing. i have to wait on the servers for 15-20 minutes to place my order and even then i have to flag them down.The majority of people there don't even look happy to work there.  If you're not then don't!The drinks are terrible too, stick with beer.
2	I have been to this place multiple times. I love the food ( when done right) and the atmosphere is awesome. However, my issue is that they don't put nearly enough sauce on the wings. Most times I get wings that end up being bare on one side. With such great sauces, and wings being the selling point  of this restaurant, I would imagine that they would be a little more generous with the sauce.  You have to ask for extra sauce to get a normal amount.  Service tends to be on the slower side also. I don't mind waiting a while usually, but just so others know.
4	Good, always busy.  Then again, I always go there on game nights.  Many TVs with various sports channels on at the same time.  Staff are not the most friendly, but they are fast and efficient.  Food is always hot, and the beer is always cold!
2	I used to frequent the Buffalo Wild Wings on Litchfield and Bell and never had a bad experience.  Whether it was fight night on a Saturday evening or a lazy Tuesday dinner, I never was worried about the overall experience at that location.This location, on the other hand, could take some hints from there now defunct location to the west.  I have been to this location 4 times with each visit hoping the previous one was a fluke.  I always would get their flagship item as well, wings.  I like the spicy garlic which I find as the best balance between flavor and heat.  Each time the chicken was either overcooked, under sauced, or both.  Why can't they do their staple item right each and every time?  Major disappointment, times 4.I won't elaborate on the other shortcomings of this location because they are too many.  The bullet points are that the service is very lackadaisical with anything.  You sit down waiting longer for the service to take your order than it takes to get it out to you.  On multiple occasions a buddy of mine who I went with each time felt compelled to recite Reservoir Dogs lines when it came to drink refills.  They were few and far between.  Finally, I don't sit at the bar because I like to speak with the company I am in, but that was virtually impossible.  This wasn't just on event nights either.  The volume of the speakers didn't vary anytime, not even in the middle of the week during lunch.I want a good Buffalo Wild Wings in my area badly.  I have to travel to get to this location and would happily if they delivered on what I was used to.  I guess I am off to find another of the few that are actually still open until I see this location pick up its game.
3	Just had a nice tall frosty cocktail and awesome mini corn dogs and mozzarella sticks!!  Yummy!!
4	I love going for wings here best that I had from any where in town. There other food menu is a okay I didn't have a chance to try it all yet but I will one day so I'll be back. The TVs all over the place are great something different all the time when waiting for food or eating you are entertained.
1	Why is it that every time I go into this joint, it's like Amateur Hour at The Apollo? I am so over going into joints, and leaving feeling like I was taken in a weird slight of hand game. This place is so over-rated. How does one order off of the Happy Hour menu, and leave with a $70 bill. For 2.5? Me, GF, and 5 yr old. We went here for a great fun time with cool peeps, and were there 2 hours. Wing Tuesday is really not that good of a deal, and the Happy Hour beers are junk. Sorry for the rant, but, Buffalo Wild Wings, I am over you, and we need to end our tepid relationship.
4	This place has fantastic solid wings and a great selection of flavors. Ranging from mild honey BBQ to sweet with lingering heat mango habanero to the outrageously scorching blazing hot wings, this place has a flavor for everybody and their dog. Also, wings are 50 cents on Tuesdays which is a pretty awesome deal.My go-to 3 wing flavors are Asian zing, Caribbean jerk, and mango habanero. All of them have a different kind of kick but it's all delicious. But if spicy isn't your thing, honey BBQ and parmesan garlic are other popular favorites.This place also has a good variety of beer taps. From generic bud lights, light blue moons, and the bitter IPA's, they'll have something to complement your wings!Good ambience. Often super crowded on a Tuesday night because of happy hour. But the trivia is fun and the walls are adorned with flatscreens on which to cheer for your favorite team if they're playing that night! Fantastic wings, good company, sports, good beer, all combine to create an experience that is greater than the sum of its parts. What's not to like?? =D
3	Tis used to be one of my favorite places to eat and have a beer. When my wife got pregnant she didn't want to eat here anymore. Since we had our baby 3 months ago I have eaten here about 5 times. All 5 times have been a disappointment. I guess I would go here for a beer but I don't know if I will be returning there for wings.
4	Food was great! Service was pretty good over all great time
4	To be honest my wife and i go specifically for the variety of wings and the atmosphere. Nothing better than Mango Habanero wings, cold beer and plenty of tv's to watch your favorite game!
3	Wings are good, Mango Habenero is a great combination of sweet and hot. The beer is always cold
2	Hate to review after only one visit, I will be going back again to give it a second chance.This location, like many of their others, have many many TVs, busy atmosphere, and happy people. First off, I ordered a well whiskey and coke, which wasn't bad, but after that was finished I was asked if I wanted another. I agreed and when it arrived it was a glass nearly twice the size of the first. This would have been awesome had it been the same liquor/soda ratio, but this next drink was nearly all coke...Ordered the grilled tenders with honey BBQ sauce and a side salad instead of fries. The salad and tenders came at the same time. Can't say that I'd order their side salad again. The chicken was served without the BBQ sauce and without utensils to eat the food with. My friend and I sat there for probably 10 minutes before we caught the waitress again to get silverware and the sauce for the chicken.The server was very friendly but I paid for the food and service, in which both were unfortunately lacking.
1	My family and I arrived at 7:10P.M. on Thursday August 16, 2012.  We were seated outside which is always trouble at this location.  The table that we were seated at had some type of dressing covering the table.  It wasn't some tiny inconspicuous dressing, I could have dipped my wing in the dressing with enough to go back for seconds.  Finally our server came over to take our order and I pointed out the condiments on the table and he apologized and took care of it in a timely manner. He took our order at 7:15P.M. and it was a very easy order, 18 boneless wings, another order of boneless wings, and French fries.  An acceptable ticket time on thirty wings and a side of fries shouldn't be any longer than fifteen minutes, if that.  It took until 8:00P.M. until after the team captain overheard us starting to complain about the length of time we have been waiting for our food.  She went to check on our order and at that time I realized that the server forgot to place our order.  I use to be a server all through college so I can read what's really going on.  After the Captain walked away to check on our food the server came by to check on our drinks which is a sign from management to go see if he could do anything for us while they expedite our forgotten order.  After waiting over fifty minutes for wings my wife lost her appetite, her daughter had homework to do for school, and I had other business to attend to as well.  We finally had enough and just walked out frustrated, hungry, and unsatisfied.  This isn't the first time that this happened at this location.  About six months ago I had the exact same experience, maybe not as bad as this visit but it was terrible.  I said I would never return again to this location but the general manager called me and tried to make it right.  It worked for my other times I visited but this visit was the icing on the cake.  I'm done with this Buffalo Wild Wings I will never give my business to you again.
1	The one star was for the food which was pretty solid. I've been to this location multiple times and one thing is consistent: poor service. Actually, the service is awful. Side note; on one occasion we ordered wings and they charged us $0.65/ea for ranch/bleu cheese...who does that with wings?
4	BWW is one of my fave spots for happy hour! It's always busy and the service is not so bad.  They check up on you often even in the free seating area.  The wings are ordinary but what makes it special is their sauces.  My personal faves are the garlic, hot and asian zing.   Wing nights are Tuesday and Thursdays (50 cents per wing).  Have fun!!
2	BDUBs used to be one of my favorite places to go, especially on Tuesday nights with my boyfriend. But recently, service has been slow and prices have gone up. Even though the wings are now "bigger" I am not sure if it is worth the extra 20 cents they added without telling us. I'd rather go somewhere else.
2	I thought it was pricey for the product. Service was slow and the server blamed the the bar staff? Many better chioces that are locally grown.
2	All right, I have added another star. I went back, almost a year after my first review, and I decided to get their Thursday wing thing. I forgot about football (when I was a kid it was on Friday nights... and I'm 22), and that comes in later. I have been to a few other locations and they were far better, a solid 3 stars, or a stolid 4 (meaning dull or apathetic. It's only funny because I'm two beers in). We go, sit down and ask for split checks. I ask for a beer, order the tablegating sampler, and 12 boneless wings all at the same time. Waitress plops my beer in front of my boyfriend and runs off. I have no issue buying him a beer, but he's driving and paranoid about BAC. I'd gotten a PBR because it it's ok from the tap and it has been from all other BWW I'd gone to. Not here though, and when you bring someone a beer in a can, bring them a damn glass, too! Normally I'd have asked for one, but at that point I could tell the night was going downhill fast and I did not want to be sober for it (I'm a calm drunk and a sober bitch) so I chugged it. She came back in 15 mins with the sampler and, once again, ran away. The cheese sauce tasted like nacho cheese fries, but not the good ones. It tasted like Hormel chili and Campbell's cheese soup, which was a real shame since the pretzels were good. There wasn't any mustard on the table so we ate them plain. The chips were fried there, but they used really thick tortillas so they were a bit chewy. The "artichoke" and spinach dip was green. The sauce was lime green, and there was no discernible bit of artichoke in it. The jalapeno poppers were made with sharp cheddar. Anyway, we finished that and it took another 15 mins to get there rest of our wings out. I ordered another beer and she asked to see my id, and I then pointed out that I ordered and drank the beer on the table at which point she said she thought that had been my boyfriend... Her knowledge of the beer was lacking, to the point where she had to come back and tell me (another 15 minutes later...) that they were out of it. We had to ask for a water refill (Desert. Water. Hmmm... why would I want water?) Anyway, we got the food, and by some miracle my beer showed up with the new wings not even 5 mins after I ordered it. We also discovered what had been added to the cheesy sauce: their Desert Heat spice blend. So we asked for the checks and she brought one. I figured it was time to get out of here before I started losing my buzz, and then everyone started cheering. It's a TV! Stop yelling! And because of the noise I had to try to yell that she had forgotten a pen. I'm not going back to that location.And who charges $6.50 for a can of PBR??
2	I was teetering between 2 and 3 stars until I looked at the Yelp definition that reads "Meh. I've experienced better." I had the cheeseburger and wasn't too impressed. I also had the pretzel appetizer which was okay. Even though the service was good, I don't see my self running back to this place. $30 dollars before tip for two cheeseburgers, two sodas and a pretzel appetizer. The server just gave me the credit card receipt without the detail of items ordered and charged. The only saving grace was that this meal was charged to the company credit card.
4	Traditional wings are not the scrawny little things so many places have.Great selection of sauces. Have not tried every flavor yet, but I will.Other food items are great as well. Service was always friendly and fast.
4	I had been craving BWW since I moved from Vegas.  I know some people prefer a more traditional wing with wing sauce, but I have become addicted to their honey BBQ sauce great blend of taste with a slight kick.With football playoffs going on I decided it was time to drive and seek one in town out.  This location is located in a nice outdoor mall and looks very nice.  Inside it was sleek looking and the bar was ready to serve.I ordered 12 Boneless extra wet extra crispy with an order of wedges.  The wings came out incredibly wet probably the most sauce I've ever gotten on wings which I loved.  The bartender mistakenly gave me chips instead of wedges but luckily the chips were tasty.  The service was overall friendly and both bartenders were on top of the bar patrons.  I will say the staff interact in a very fun and loud way at times which could put some people off but if you ever have seen a commercial for this place it matches the fun sports bar vibe.They lose one star because I ordered cheese on my wedges/chips and historically this was always shredded melty wonderfulness, and instead I received nacho seemingly out of the jar salsa cheese.  Not what I was looking for and not necessarily a fan of.  Also as much as I love the wings the price in comparison to a lot of strictly wing joints is a bit steep for a wing.All in all a great experience and I look forward to going back.
5	Almost didn't go because of the reviews about the service, but went anyway because it was close and was in the mood for wings. Food was very good (wings were cooked just right, extra crispy). The best part was the service, our waiter was on time with everything and best of all we had to sit outside (52 degrees) because it was a playoff game and showed up in the fourth quarter and we did not bring a coat for our five year old daughter, so the hostess went into the back and let her wear a BWW sweatshirt. We will go back for sure.
3	Very loud, but what sports themed restaurant isn't. I only wish is for a plate! Wings are always big and cooked perfect. My wife told me that she wanted, "wings and beer" for her valentine night out. She is my soul-mate!!!
5	We have visited several different BWW restaurants, but this one is by far is my favorite in the north valley.  The wait staff is very friendly and the lady going table to table (I think she called herself an "experience supervisor") was great fun.  She brought all of the sauces they offer and some french fries to our table so we could sample the different tastes.  It was a lot of fun and also gave you an idea of something new to try on your next visit which I appreciate because I've been curious about some of the flavors in the past, but didn't want to screw up my entire order of wings with the wrong sauce.My family ordered pretzel and cheese appetizers and they were gone incredibly fast! My son had nachos and the chips were crisp and fresh - yes, nachos are a very basic thing, but how often have you been let down by a nasty corn chip?  Not here.  My daughter had a pulled pork sandwich with sweet bbq sauce on it and she really enjoyed it.  She said it was very tender and sweet.  I ordered traditional wings in medium sauce (very generic!) and they were crisp, meaty and well-sauced.  The other adult with us ordered boneless wings and said they were very meaty and cooked just right.  The table shared a basket of buffalo chips which are always delicious and there was no shortage of celery or carrots either.BWW offered a great experience for the family as well as plenty of huge televisions to keep an eye on any game you may be following.  This location has terrific accessibility in the Norterra area and is close to plenty of shopping and movie theaters.
4	So great service. My pulled pork sandwich and fries were not hot but the front of the house manager and our server went above and beyond. They comped everything plus gave us 4 gift cards! Yay! I'll be back!
3	Wings are good.  Not the best ever but pretty good.  I like that they have dry rub seasonings as a choice for the wings.  Service is good. Always crowded.
4	Beer wings sports.... Can't beat itLots of TVs to watch your favorite teams.  The variety of wing sauces is sure to make any wing lover happy.
3	If you're lookin for some heat in your wings, go with the habanero mango. Wear some chapstick. They really are hot. They are also sticky and really sweet, which aids in determining whether that back tooth has a cavity or not. You'll know immediately.We had no problems with our server in the bar area; which seems to be all waiters. The waitresses all seem to service the front dining area...that's probably to keep them from getting hit on by inebriated patrons every 2 seconds. Makes sense.Beer prices aren't too bad, and they have a passable selection of crafts. They seem to lean towards Four Peaks for local stuff. I went with the Goose Island 312 since it was hot as blazes that day.Wings are ridiculously priced. That's not just here, its everywhere! Note that when you order wings, that's what you get. So don't feel left out when they arrive sans carrots and celery. You'd think for the price of wings these days - companies could "toss you a bone" and throw in a few veggie sticks to help you finish off your bleu cheese or ranch.Oh, I almost forgot - the TVs are all nicely calibrated for sports viewing. The saturation and contrast are cranked up nicely without being overbearing. Perfect for sports, but I wouldn't want to watch a Scorsese flick that way.. You can also play trivia and poker on some of the TVs.
4	Went up to this location (which is closest to our home 91st Ave & T-Bird) specifically because you can get a black bean burger made like any of their burgers.  Placed an order online.  When we got there, asked if we could take a table and eat there.  The staff was very accommodating, but after waiting about 15 minutes, our server informed us that they were out of black bean burgers.  To say I was disappointed is an understatement. However, the manager picked up the tab for our lunch.  That was doing as much as he possibly could in my book.  My chicken wrap was ok.  Husband's burger was great according to him.  Noisy!  But, it's a sports bar/restaurant.  All in all disappointing, but it is what it is and management stepped up.
1	We made a huge mistake by sitting at the bar tonight. We got a close up view of the drink preparation and food servers...we were completely turned off watching the drinks made/delivered. Multiple girls touched/fixed their hair, and then grabbed lemons with the same BARE hands that they just touched their hair & threw them straight into the customers drinks: GROSS! The guy behind the bar was eating and drinking while mixing drinks. I do not recommend the spicy garlic wings. Not only were they cold, but the flavor was unappealing. I told the servers I didn't like them but no offer was made to fix the issue. Very unhappy with our visit tonight.
4	I have been here twice and each time the food was excellent!.  60 cents wing Tuesdays are awesome but be prepared for a packed atmosphere.  Service could be better but they made up for it because they were able to put my game on one of the T.Vs otherwise I would have been very disappointed. I shall return for football season.
5	Been here several times and never a bad meal or service.  Highly recommended
1	Food sucks and staff is even worse. I can't believe that people pay to eat there. Their wings are usually dry (not enough sauce), glasses are dirty, silverware is dirty, servers are terrible and why can't they use plates instead of paper??? I don't like the atmosphere and I'm not going back.
4	Service is always pretty good at this location. They offer happy hour on weekdays but only in the bar area and patio. While the prices have gone up a bit on the regular menu, happy hour still offers $3.00 appetizers.
3	Rick sucks. Ive been to this location several times and honestly this is a standard Buffalo Wild Wings location. The food is great, the atmosphere is that of a sports bar, and it is comfortably sanitary. But Rick is awful. He briskly walked to our table of seven and arrived seeming out of breath. Then, he decided it was appropriate to bend over and lower his torso over our table to take our drink orders. He smelled great. He didnt start with a "Hi guys, how`s it going?" or a "What can I get for you all?" He just started asking us 1 by 1 what we wanted to drink. After we had our drinks, which we did in fact receive in a very timely manner, he repeated the same process of lowering himself onto the table to take our food order. We got our food pretty quickly and the food was great. Our only issue was the service.
1	GO ELSEWHERE!  Trust me.We were a 7-top.  After putting our group name in and waiting, come to find our they "lost" our reservation while we stood at the podium with their pager in hand.  Unmanaged teens couldn't seem to handle seating.Our waitress started off friendly, but her efforts soon became very lackadaisical.  Our food arrived 29 minutes after ordering and only one plate was warm, the rest were  room temp or colder.  Cold onion rings have little appeal. Good thing we ordered finger food because the whole time we had one set of silverware, even after mentioning this to the server.No manager to be found.  One of us managed to get one drink refilled.We mentioned our issues to our server, but her response was merely defensive and excuse-laden.  No apology or offer to correct at all.Their boneless wings are awful.  Even our hungry teen wouldn't eat them.  Should have gone to Smashburger instead.  There are plenty of choices for restaurants within steps of here.
3	3.5 starsHave been to this location a couple times and have always been happy with the service. We never have to wait very long to get a table although the servers (who all seem really young, high schoolers?) take a while to take our orders. Maybe because its so busy usually? Food wise I really like their wings but its not the best I've ever had. I appreciate that they have so many sauces but there is only like 2 or 3 that I actually like (garlic, honey bbq, and their buffalo dry rub). Everything else is kind of intense, either too hot, too spicy, or too salty. Its just a matter of preference. Got their onion rings last time which were delicious! They usually have good drink specials during happy hour. Will totally be back to this location.
5	We love b-dubs!  Been to this location many times, both in the dining room and at the bar. Always great food, great service.  More drink and food specials would be awesome...
3	Bar food and that's about it...on the positive note happy hour is good and so is the selection of beers.
1	I came in just to get a gift cards. I waited in what seemed to be a takeout line. The girl was texting on her phone and not paying attention to me, who hadn't been helped. The people standing near the counter were waiting on their takeout orders. I heard one complain that she was 15 minutes over her quoted time. Not a good experience!
3	This is one of the few places I got to since it's open late. The past few times I've been here the wings have been overlooked and too salty
3	Usually have to wait 30 minutes for food. Hard to get a hold of service. Besides the wings, everything is subpar, but 4 star wings. Also, great beer selection and drinks.
2	Came here on a busy night. Took our waiter 20 minutes to actually acknowledge us. Then, took almost another 15 minutes just to get our drink. And the worst part was that it took nearly an entire hour for us to get our food and nobody who worked there checked up on us. Poor customer service? yes. I understand, that at times, it can be very busy, but to not check up on your customers is very rude. When we finally received our food, my burger was very soggy. The buns were wet. It is NOT the best, just ok food I guess. Eh, probably won't go back, not worth it!
4	I great place to go to watch sports games. It was packed, so my friend and I decided (instead of waiting for a table) to go to the bar. We Were instantly seated right in front of the flat screens and had a perfect view of the game! The only complaint I have, was that the server messed up our order and what sauces we wanted on our wings. We decided not to say anything cause we were starving and it took long enough to get our wings the first time. The thai style and original sauces are my favorite! Must try. And as always, boneless or it isnt happening.
1	So we came here once and the service was pretty slow and our waitress was rude, but it was really busy so we understood a bit. However here now as I type this, on a slow Monday afternoon, after sitting at our table for 20 minutes we had to flag someone down so we could place our order. And now a full hour after arriving we still haven't received our food. It shouldn't take this long to cook 1 burger and fry up 1 order of shrimp. If it was busy in here, somewhat understandable. Last time well be coming here.
3	Food is reasonable, but we go for the environment. Love that we can watch the Olympics while eating wings. Service was a bit too slow.  We opted for an early family Valentine's Day dinner (Thursday instead of Friday), but we ended up being out way too late with kids because of the slow service.
4	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
2	The only reason I gave it two stars is because the wings are amazing. The serve is absolutely horrible. It took forever for them to even realize we were there. Then we order drinks, appetizers,  and dinner since we had plenty of time to think about it and he got the order completely wrong.
3	My dad wanted to stop in, being that he had never eaten at a BW2. The food was decent and reasonably priced. The service was great, but it is far too noisy for conversation if you aren't here to watch a game. Fun hangout for sports, friends, and simple appetizers, however. Worth a stop, if you are in the area.
4	One of my favorites!  Tuesdays are wing night (cheaper wings).Good beer selection and TVs everyware.  Nice selection of flavors: * Sweet BBQ* Teriyaki* Mild* Parmesan Garlic sauce* Medium* Honey BBQ* Spicy Garlic* Asian Zing* Caribbean Jerk* Hot BBQ* Hot* Mango Habanero* Wild* Blazin'* Ghost Pepper (new)
3	Ok so I recently had some beers and food @ the bdubs in the north valley. To start and be fair that type of restaurant isn't exactly my place so to speak, but that's not saying my experience wasn't all that bad. Some friends of mine had planned on getting together to watch a basketball game, I did not expect the amount of people that were to be flooding the whole place!I only waited about 20-25 minutes for a table for 5, which considering the flood of people in the restaurant was a not too unreasonable wait time considering. I waited in the bar area and ordered a beer from their descent sized draft beer selection. Being a strongly committed craft beer drinker, I was happy to see a few select drafts that I like, all of them being from local breweries. Once my friends and I were seated, I naturally ordered a plate of different flavored wings, all really well tasting. The waitress was extremely helpful in making our experience there a good one, even turing up the volume on a closeby television, which we all I know in a crowded bar is asking alot.
3	Ok so I've been here a few times and on each time I'm just a meh on my experience. I think meh translates to 3 stars in Yelp.lol.Seriously Bdubbs is a solid place to watch a game, but I just don't think I will anytime soon. Plenty of TVs, but just too loud inside for me to hear the game. We ended up sitting on the patio which was boring, but at least we had a tv and our server turned the volume all the way up. That was nice.  But I felt like I was in a patio in any average bar. To be honest I found myself wishing I was home watching the game. It be louder and better view of the tv. After we got our bill I really wished I was in my living room!!! We ordered 2 beers, 1 burger and 20 wings and it was right about $50! Food was average at best, beer was cold but I just thought it was too much for what it was. Not saying I won't be back here, but highly doubt I'll be here for a big game,or if I'm hungry. I'll come for beer and sports center next time.lol.
3	Nice place. Friendly staff. Just like any other Buffalo Wild Wings.
4	Nice service, clean restaurant,  parking can get tight especially at night, Tuesdays is wing night (60 cent per wing)!  One of my favorites!
2	Thank god our server was a really nice girl that could put up with 8 hungry disgruntled guys that just lost a softball tournament. The food sucked but we enjoyed the TV's and each other's company. I didn't care much for the boneless hot wings. They were really nasty. The chips and salsa I ordered tasted like they just opened a bag of tostitos and a can of salsa and threw it together. I don't think I'll ever go back to Buffalo Wild Wings. It's waaaaay over priced and the food sucks. Definitely a family restaurant trap! Only plus was the server and the TV's!
2	Food came out cold! Also the taste was off on the wing sauce and they wouldn't exchange it for another sauce so I wasted money. The management seems rude! I recommend not going here.
3	Typical Sports Bar times 10.... Bigger, Louder, and more TV's than I've seen in one place.  The food is good and spicier than you'd expect.  They sponsor a lot of great youth sports groups and offer some really good deals for being part of one of those groups.
3	When you walk in the door there are usually 2 or 3 young ladies there to greet you and direct you to a table. A great start but then the service starts to unravel.    This is where we stop after golf to sit and rehash our game and complain about the many reasons we shot 92 instead of 72! The greens were bad, the sand traps too big etc. We need a little attention, a cold beer and a little sympathy. There appear to be a lot of staff running around or standing in groups of 2's and 3's but no one seems to be in a hurry to come over to your table. It is not uncommon to wait at least 5 minutes or longer before someone decides you may need to order. I do have to admit that once you do order, the food comes very quickly and I highly recommend that you try some of the various dry rubs, my favorite is the salt and vinegar wings.    When the restaurant first opened, the manager was approaching customers asking   how they enjoyed the food. I said the food was great but having to sit there without getting any service was a problem. I was told that customers should have a server at their table within 45 seconds of getting seated. GOOD LUCK WITH THAT PLAN!I think they should have little free standing flashing yellow strobe lights in the middle of the table and when you get seated it starts flashing and continues until a server comes over shuts it off and takes your order!  I might even bring my own and see if it works!!Don't get me wrong, this is a good sports bar with very good wings, cold beer, and lots of TV's so if you don't mind being ignored for the first 5 minutes give it a try, or .....bring your own yellow flashing light (I bet it will work!)!
4	Wings are delicious and happy hour prices are great for food and drinks. Our favorite place to go.
5	Service was excellent!!!! Our waitress was attentive and kept our drinks filled at all times. She also made sure plenty of napkins were on the table (very important at a wing spot). Another person and a manager came by and allowed us to try sauces (7 of them). There was a big crowd for the World Cup game but food was still out in a timely manner. Great spot!
2	I love BWW!  We used to hit the one in Tulsa weekly.  We went to this location on 6/14/14 to watch the World Cup games.  We sat in the bar and the chairs were miserable.  They were made of wood and really hard.  The service was slow, although our server was nice.  The food was good, no complaints at our table.  In fact, we even ordered a dessert to share.  I ordered a mango lemonade.  It was terrible.  It tasted like a sweet juice.  I advised the server and sent it back and requested a water.  Once we were done eating, the server never came back to check if we needed refills, or wanted more to drink.  I felt like they wanted us out so the next person could come in.  Then when we got the bill, they charged me for that nasty mango lemonade.  I had the bill in my hand with my card so when the server came to pick it up I could request him to take it off.  Instead he was in a hurry and just grabbed it and ran.  I didn't get a change to say anything.  I normally give 20-25% tip, but we only gave him 15%.  I would recommend sitting in the dining area vs. the bar area.
5	I recently went to this location with a friend before we saw a movie and was extremely happy with my service. we sat in the bar area at a high top our waiter quickly greeted us and recommend their new drinks along with happy hour pricing. while he was getting our drinks a guest experience caption came over and introduced herself, she allowed us to taste the sauces which made picking what to order helpful. Food was served quick and tasty. my drink was never empty and server was extremely friendly. towards the end of the meal a manager came by the table asking about our experience and making sure everything was good. I will definitely be returning to this location especially to watch sports, plenty of tvs and very clean establishment.
4	Great service because of Ed but really Bdubs- how do you run out of Guinness?? Come on now!!!
5	Went into the Notera location for the first time and was immediatly  greeted right away by a bartender named Bryan. Even with a full bar and tables behind the bar he managed to have a menu and an ice cold beer in front of me in no time.  Unfortunalty a lot of the items on the menu were not available such as the bbq sandwich, and the queso....due to them being out of chips. After deciding what flavor of wings I would like to try Bryan placed my order and had my wings out within 10min! Great food amazing service can't wait to come watch football and sporting events at this location!
3	Typical sports bar.. Server was good and cute.. Food was greasy but done well.They did mess up on the fried pickles but fixed itI would recommend this place as a sports bar
1	Absolutely horrible. Luckily they serve alcohol & play sports to keep customers. Wings were very dry, yet chewy on the inside. My friend got a wrap that was not even worth finishing. Waitress forgot a pretzel appetizer as well as the chips and salsa, when we pointed it out to her she had the nerve to say "well do you still want them?" Which of course we declined. She also never took them off our bill until we sent it back for her to correct. Seemed to be no where to be found for long period of time, had to ask other servers walking by for refills. All in all this place was not a good experience. First time ever going to BWW & will not ever be going back.
4	The wings are great.  There is a wing sauce or many that will appeal to anyone. The Bar is well equiped for game night.  The Game night TV volume was way to loud and that comes from a person who likes loud music.
4	Food is typical BWW, cocktails aren't half bad for a sports bar oh and they have Fosters "Oil Cans" jackpot
2	Wings good, burger good, grilled chicken salad awful - go figure.
1	went to the new location at metro center today for their grand opening and my daughters 8th birthday. I expected it to be busy as it was but the service still could have been alot better! Iam a server so i understand being busy. Just about everything went wrong. First thing when we arrived the music was so loud i couldnt even hear my hostess and I had to scream it felt like just so she could hear me. Then im dealing with my four kids getting them settled and i have the server telling my about the drink specials but again the music was to loud i couldnt really hear him. The rest of my party arrives and we order drinks and the kids get their drinks the drinks we ordered    ( mango lemonaide)  took about 15 minutes, I had to grab a manager to get refills and check on our lemonaides.We order and about 20 minutes later half the food came out wrong and the server didnt even know he was holding my order, he thought it was something else, we didnt get our wings that got sent  back untill after we were done with our meal ... OH and our appertizer chips and salsa chips tasted stale and a few cheese sticks where missing the CHEESSE! which the server said he would get me some more and never did. When it came to the birthday shout out for my daughter they stopped half way through it and said they would be right back ???? then asked her what she wanted ... she chose chocolate cake... we got our check ..... still no cake.... we played at the toy machine ... stll no cake ... another waitress came by 3 different times and asked us if we got our cake promissed to get it.... still no cake .... asked our server 2 more times and paid our check then asked for the cake togo.... and STILL no cake. we waited about 25 minutes for her cake and had to leave with out it :( over all this was the worst experience i have ever had!
2	First time in over 5 years at BWW and now I remember why. I arrived at 11:45 AM on a Thursday and there were 20 people in a place that seats 200-300.  Not a good sign. The service was fine and deserving of more than two stars. The food deserved 1/2 star. I was immediately greeted and offer choice of table. My server, Mario, greeted me within 5 mins and serviced my table respectfully. I ordered the 8 piece boneless wings, which come with fries, a dip and carrot plus a drink for $11. The wings were okay but not thoroughly sauced, surprisingly since there was no way one there. The bleu cheese was awful. If they make it: change the recipe. It tasted like bad bottled dressing. The fries were crisp but buried under wet carrots and celery, so they lot their crispness. I doubt if I'll be back.
1	Stopped in for lunch and was seated immediately.  I waited for a full 10 minutes and not one server took my drink or food order.   I left and will not return to this location--they weren't even that busy. I am a fan of BBW, but this location isn't good.
1	Buffalo Wild Wings at frankloyd is awesome so we thought we would give this location a try.  After the service i had the other day i will never return. We were sitting at our table for 15 minutes before being served. And let me tell you the place was empty the servers saw we havent been waited on for a while and still never came to at least take our drink order for us. ( which you as a restaurant should work on.)We had to flag the manager who saw us sitting there for a while. The waitress we had was beyond terrible and shouldnt be working there. Empty glasses everywhere. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!
2	Some slow service at this place. My date And I were there about an hour before the food came out. Wings were OK, though.I don't understand how a national chain could be so dirty. The table had sticky junk on the bottom edges. The carpet and tile floors in the restaurant  were stained. Finally, the men's room had cobwebs in the corners and everything that could be dusty was.
3	I've had take-away orders of wings from this location before, and they've never really had anything stand out about them, so they get my average rating.  This last time though, everything was SO dry. We prefer the flavors that are just seasoning, so there was no sauce to hide just how crunchy these wings were. It was my parents' first time trying the wings from here after my talking them up for a while and it was a bad first impression. Way to make me a liar.
