4	I love Macayo's food, and have to admit it is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants.  I especially love this location.  They serve the best Margarita's, nice and strong!  They have their own sweet & sour mix, which I believe is the secret.  The sunset margarita is a must try.  Favorite foods: mini chimis, red corn taquitos and green corn tamale w/baja sauce. Oh and lots of chips & salsa!They also have a very large patio with live music on Thursday's until 9pm.  The service is good and the bartenders are especially friendly.
1	I hate for my first official review to be a one star review but Macayo's really disappointed me last night. When I first pulled into the parking lot last night I was surprised to see how many empty parking spaces there were. I immediately got excited because normally any restaurant on Bell road any night of the week has a wait. However, when I walked inside I saw a slew of people waiting to be seated. I walked up to the hostess stand and put my name on the list and the hostess did not give me a time quote and when I asked how long it would be she quoted me, "not too long." We waited about 15 minutes before being shown to our table which is where the trouble really began. Once we were at our table we were quickly greeted by our server (yay) however, she told us she had another table's drink order to get and then she would be back for ours (boo). So we waited for her to take the other two tables drink orders before coming back to take ours. After about 10 minutes we got our fountain drinks and then 5 minutes later she came back to take our food order. Then it took about 50 minutes for our food to come out. Seriously, 50 minutes.... that's about how long I planned to spend at Macayo's not how long I planned on waiting for my appetizer of taquitos to take to come out. And to top it off we were missing a side of rice and a side of baja sauce. We decided not to mention it as we did not want to wait another hour for the two items to come out. So, after eating and waiting for our drinks to be refilled 3 times we finally got the check to which the server apologized for our wait. Apparently, she couldn't have apologized at all during our 50 minute minute wait she needed to wait until tip time. I don't recommend going to Macayos. You might have better luck at any of the other 10 Mexican restaurants on Bell Road.
2	Was visiting the area....my friend chose this place.I was going to order the fish tacos, until I asked the waiter what they put on the fish tacos and he was like: "Uhhhhhhh...."me: "Do you put anything on the fish? White sauce? Red sauce? Salsa?"waiter: "Oh yeah. Salsa."Uhhhhhh....nevermind. (I guess you can only get good fish tacos in Cali.)So I ordered the carne asada tacos. You can't mess that up, right? WRONG. It was the driest meat I have ever tasted. And then they loaded that dry ass meat with tons of cilantro. ugh. It was sort of like I was eating a cilantro salad with tiny pieces of meat mixed in.The only reason I am giving this place two stars is because everyone I was with seemed to like their food. If I was basing the stars just on my food it would definitely be a ONE star joint.
3	Working my way through my Phoenix trip, my next dinner out was to meet yet another "old" friend from high school. This one, I hadn't seen in almost 21 years and thanks to FB we got reconnected. MacAyo's is another local Mexican chain restaurant. This location is the newest probably open about 8 or 9 years now. Long ago, the location on Central Avenue was all the rage, but like any chain, sometimes growth does not necessarily equate to great.My friend and I shared a cheese crisp. I like the one here better than the one at Garcia's. I also had a shredded beef taco and black beans and rice. The taco had much better flavor than Garcia's and the beans were good. We each had a house margarita and I only drank half. Not because I was getting sauced, but because it was kind of nasty. All in all decent, but not blow me away good. Might come back but there are several other great Mexican food restaurants in the Valley that I will have to visit next time. Sadly with mom living in Sun City West, the schlep to get to some of these places is a bit too great.The waiter again was nice and accommodating. My friend and I had such a great time getting reconnected we also closed down this restaurant and then sat in front chatting till around midnight. This became the second night I did the tip toe walk through my mom's house hoping not to wake anyone up...
3	Late night dining with friends and on a budget, Macayo's sure hits the spot.I have to say, I do not eat Mexican food often, unless it is homemade by my friends, so I tend to rank places lower.I will say that the atmosphere, prices, and general service of Macayo's, coupled with their good food, qualifies it for a decent rating.We had a huge group and were seated pretty quickly.  They organized our check splits from the beginning, which saved us a ton of hassle at the end.Chips & Salsa rating is decent: chips are good and not too salty, and the salsa is a good balance of chunky and not too thick, which has you eating probably way more than you should.I had a shredded beef enchilada with albondigas soup...I think the total was about $7 before taxes & tip, which wasn't bad, considering the giant enchilada that I got.  there was a good level of cheesy, which balanced out the slightly dry quality of the beef.  However, I did like the albondigas soup...well flavored!Customer service was fantastic.  With the good crowd & timely delivery of the food, it was an overall good experience!
4	I went this afternoon and had a great time. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was nice, and my lunch (the Baja pizza) was very good. The only downside were the chips, which tasted bland and even a bit stale. The accompanying salsa mostly masked that, but not entirely.
4	I am a fan.Aside from the tacky decor.Me and my mom can come here for a casual lunch.  Spend $6.99 for an order of mini chimichangas, split it!, and then leave full.(Always get a side of the delicious Baja sauce... mmm.... clogged arteries....)Their portions are GIGANTIC, but it seems like they're working on that and may have improved.I do love you Macayos.  You're easy, consistent, cheap, and tasty.
3	I cannot lie. I am in love with their pork enchiladas, but that's pretty much where I draw the line. I think their decor is obnoxious, and the salsa sucks, even though for some godawful reason it was voted best in Phx for 2008... I do not agree, I also think their uniforms are possibly the ugliest I have ever seen. I'm not sure you could pay me enough to wear those bright ass parrot themed button ups. Although the food is decent this place has never been my first choice for Mexican cuisine.. I only came here because the Garcia's across the street was closed down, which upset me to no end because their bean dip is fucking amazing, well was... stupid economy. I had a margarita, and an hour later still have a decent buzz so cheers to the bartender.. The portions are big enough for two dudes, so I always have leftovers.. their service is suffice, but about as boring as this review is. I am now in a food coma, from the food baby they served me. Time for a nap.
2	This is a review of Macayo's in general. This is a typical Mexican chain restaurant. These are way worse than authentic Mexican food which can be found all over the valley at a family owned restaurant. Prices are typical of any restaurant 8-15$ range. The margaritas are terrible. I had one with my girlfriend recently, and I did everything in my power just to choke it down. I think they poured sweet and sour mix in a cup and gave it to me. She couldn't even finish hers, and I noticed another table ordered margaritas that were left 3/4 full when they left. The food is pretty bad. Last time I went with my girlfriend, she threw up an hour later and I had heartburn the entire night (probably because I finished my margarita). I would never go back to a Macayo's again.
4	I like the food here. One of the better Mexican restaurants that we've been to off of Bell. Can't say it's the best Mexican food but it's pretty good. The interior is very eye catching. I like the atmosphere here.
2	If you're looking for authentic Mexican food in Arizona, do NOT go to Macayo's. It's a standard chain restaurant which has decent food - but not representative of the true pizzazz that Mexican food has to offer. If you MUST go to Macayo's, go for some margaritas during happy hour - and then kick it over to a better, local place like Valle Luna.
3	The salsa was okay. The fajitas, nothing to write home about. Overall, for a place that always has a long line....the food was not very good.
4	We love, love, love Macayo's.  The margaritas are fantastic!  I prefer the strawberry ones but the regular mags are smooth too!  Bring your Senor Bob or Cha Cha mugg and they are even cheaper.  Yum!  Try their mini chimichangas.  Stay away from the free food during happy hour...looks a little sketchy.
4	I didn't come here for authentic mexican food, so I was pretty satisfied with my meal. I like hitting up Macayo's everyone once in a while because they have a decent lunch special. It's nice to be able to spend under $10 and have a sit down lunch with friends or coworkers.I really liked the lunch burro and cisco wrap - I had them at two different times, not all in one sitting...but it's enough to keep me coming back. Ugh, this review is making hungry. I'm done.
1	A friend of mine recently insisted on going to Macayo's for dinner.  She's in love with the Baja burrito.  I'll give her that the Baja sauce is pretty good, but everything else wasn't.  I tried both the beef burrito and the chicken burrito and they were both awful.  Plus, they didn't sit well in my stomach later either.  The others in our group said their meals were okay, but there was nothing to write home about.The service was terrible.  Our waitress was a nice woman, but everything took so long.  We waited a long time to be helped, long for the food, and then a few things were forgotten, and then we waited almost an hour to get the bill and then pay it.  It was excruiciatingly painful.I'd say my last visit to Macayo's was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had, and it will be the last.
4	i've been raised on macayo's so i maaaayyyy be a little biased, but i really enjoy their chips and salsa and anything they put the baja sauce on.  the enchiladas are also really good and the cheese crisp is (usually) perfect.  i've never had an issue with service at this location that was noticeable one way or another.  my favorite macayos is still the one on 19th ave and thunderbird, but this one is a close second.
2	Meh.
3	Food was good, waiter was a n00b though, messed up our checks and didn't really check on us.I'd put a two star, but the food was good.
3	Good place for Mexican comparatively speaking.  They have a unique variety of out of the ordinary dishes.  I most recently had the spinach mahi tacos.  Very good.  Portion size for the price left a little to be desired and service wasn't very prompt.  If you're looking for a good Mexican place and a meal price of around $30, Macayo's is it.  I will certainly eat their again, but I think I will try to make it during their lunch hour when they have specials for $5.99.
4	As other reviewers have stated, this is not true, authentic Mexican food. Macayo's, along with Top Shelf, serves the white people's version of Mexican food. Nothing too scary or spicy to freak us out, right?That being said...it's Macayo's! Native Arizonans at least know about the chain, if not having been raised on their food. Yes, the decor is loud and obnoxious with bright colors and enormous parrot statues, but it's awesomely bad. Appreciate the eccentricity, people! The food is decent. It's a bit on the greasy side, but if you came in here expecting something healthy and easy on your stomach, that's your problem. I will say that the wait staff is unpredictable; they have a high turnover rate of employees except for the tiny woman who brings the chips and salsa who has been there for years. You could end up waiting a long time; my personal experience is that our food usually comes so damn fast that it startles me. One last thing: if you like your margaritas sweet, you won't like theirs. Always very tart. They're drinkable, but sour. They say they put triple sec in there but I'm calling shenanigans on that.
2	Went here for dinner over the weekend with husband.  I kinda know what to expect from this place but felt like a sit down Mexican restaurant and was in the neighborhood.  Vibe is kinda like on the boarder, minus the tex mex part....Right away we were seated to our booth, booth for two people was a little awkward.  It's a half moon shape but our view was looking out onto a huge party of over 20 people, not very chill feeling.  I ordered a large house margarita on the rocks and a Mexican pizza.  Food took awhile to get to the table, we were already on our second basket of chips before our food arrived.  Pizza was ok, seemed like they skimped out on a lot of the toppings.  Margarita was weak also.  I usually get a little buzz going on when I order a large one, but I didn't get anything from that one.  As always the food at Macayo's seems to all drop to the bottom of your stomach like a rock....I think it's time to try something else even if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Yep, I'm going 5 stars....mostly because all of the Mexican food in the NW valley is average.  I came here yesterday and was blown away by their green corn tamale with baja sauce, I want to go straight back today just to have another.  Damn was it good!  I had the 2 item lunch special and also got the beef enchilada with beans, total cost came to about $8 and another $2 for the drink so with tax and tip it didn't cost much at all for a good meal in a restaurant.  I always think of this place since I have to drive for more authentic Mexican but Macayos has pretty darn good chips and salsa (which is how you know your food will be good) and I also get another dish here but I can't seem to remember right now....guess I will have to re-review later.  Not sure I will ever get anything else but that tamale anyway, just get it done.
1	I don't know where all those people who have given them 4-5 stars rating, We went in there for the 1st time, from San Diego where they know how to make Mexican Food. We waited 43 mins. before being waited on and served. The food was less then mediocre at best, and the service is below average. 1st and last time there.
2	I went to Macayo's with my brother in law and nephew.  The restaurant was selected by my bother-in-law.  We arrived at about 2:00, after the lunch rush, and the restaurant was mostly empty.  But that didn't mean we got our choice of tables.  All the booths were empty and un-bussed, so we ended up sitting at a table.  The waitress came by quickly to get our drink orders, but it took longer than expected to get the drinks to our table.  Chips and salsa was delivered.  Two salsas; one somewhat chunky, but rather mild, and the second one spicier, but very runny.  The chips were good though.  I ordered the red chili burro, enchilada style.  The burrito was one of the worst burritos I've had.  It was salty, and without any sense of seasoning.  I guess this is what I should expect when I allow my brother-in-law select a restaurant.  He dislikes any sense of spice.  Service was a bit slow for drinks, but the food did arrive quickly.Overall, I would never recommend this Macayo's.  Too bland and tasteless like too many chain restaurants.
1	This place has become a real joke over the past couple years. Worse service anywhere. They just can't handle it anymore with the immigration crack down.. The food is hit and miss anyway...Never again.
1	I visited Macayo's with my family on a visit in early December.  Since I don't live in town anymore, I cannot chalk up my visit to just a bad night, but I can share my experience.  We were hoping to get in for happy hour, but it was packed. Bummer, but not a strike against the restaurant. We still wanted to stay for some drinks and dinner. We requested a table for 7. Mind you, our party was standing in front of the host stand.  Most of us are about 6' or more with the crowning jewel of height is my step father, clocking in at 7'1".  They stuck us at two tiny, pushed together tables, 7 of us, in the main walk way from the kitchen. Even if we all were at a more comfortable table, or we were smaller people, you don't put people in the walkways from the kitchen. My sister and I were constantly getting shoved in the back, but chose to sit there so our parents weren't the ones assaulted.  I had to sit with my purse on my lap since I couldn't hang on the chair with the traffic going by and there was no floor space to spare with our tangle of legs. I grabbed the margarita menu hoping that ordering a couple would help save the quickly falling mood.  DAMN DRINKS WERE $10+. At a bloody restaurant, during happy hour.  Oh but happy hour doesn't apply to the dining side.  A few of us ordered a drink, still.  My mom's came with just a piece of lime rind, my upgraded margarita looked like a regular and came in a smaller glass and I just got excuses from the waiter that they are the same ounces. (Bullshit and we pointed it out with the empties after the fact but he didn't care.)  I was still charged the $12.50 for the shorted drink. The food was ok but not much of a selection.  I shared a meal with my sister to off set the cost of our drinks. It was very disappointing and my mom was crushed that the only evening we had to visit a Mexican restaurant, during my visit to Arizona, was such crap.
2	I love mexican food and I would want mexican food for lunch everyday if I can.  Now you can guess how excited I was when I found out that I had mexican restaurant right next where I work.  But sadly enough this Macayo's mexican kitchen was not a real mexican restaurant.They make McDonald version of Mexican food. I can tell that they use low quality meat, chiken etc. I am so sad that have to drive at least 5 minutes to get real mexican food.
1	My husband  and I went in yesterday for some mexican food we both got the chimichunga with rice lunch special. it was alright. we got home and got instantly sick. we go food poisoning from this place i recommend going to aho al's or a different resturant. worst experience ever. Macayos is not as good as i remembered.
1	Food was pretty good but service was horrid. Came in a big group and they lost one of our orders, didn't tell us for 45 minutes, when they finally brought our food an hour and a half after we got there, they forgot another persons order. All without a single apology. Then the waitress spilled a pitcher of water on my purse and just said "sorry" and walked away. No napkins or anything. It was one of the worst service experiences I've ever received.
5	I'm disappointed by the low rating this Macayo's has! It's the closest one to where we live, and we've had nothing but great service and delicious, quickly served food.The last time we went (around 2 pm on a Friday-- admittedly not rush time, but still), we were seated promptly, greeted, asked about our drink order, and served. Our server was attentive and answered all our questions without any snark or exasperation.Our food came out hot and was delicious-- I forgot exactly what my boyfriend had, but it was something with garlic cream sauce, which was out of this world. I had the California Burrito (or at least that's what I call it... it's the veggie burrito) and it was so good I couldn't wait to take it home for leftovers! (I was the tool who left it there though... booo!)The meal was reasonably priced, our check came out correctly, and we were given excellent service. No complaints, and we'll be going again!
5	I have been a customer of this location for over 10 years. I can honestly say I've never had a complaint that's yelp worthy of writing about.  The food has always come out piping hot and fresh. My order is always correct. The place is always busy and imo they handle it well. The staff hustles. My service is always just fine or better, sometimes fantastic! Another thing I love is there is always a friendly hostess to greet you.My  favorite menu items are:Green corn tamales with baja sauce! (worth every calorie, but don't eat this daily!)Fajita quesadillaBaja chicken quesadillaMixed mini chimis, no sour cream and guac, with baja sauceRed corn chicken taquitosChicken poblano (stuffed poblano pepper of chicken goodness! like chile rellenos but with meat!)Baja pizza (but Ajo Al's is even better)Steak CortezGrilled chicken caesar salad (the chicken is so good!)Tortilla soupCheeseburger (at least if you have picky kids!)Baja burro (if you haven't noticed by now, you can not go wrong with baja sauce. this is not a place for diets!)Grilled chicken tacos (which I think used to be called the beach tacos)Baja ChimiSopapillasI like the rice and beans but never have room for them! Also, the margaritas are awesome! I don't know if they always have it, but especially prickly pear!! Or original on the rocks,  strawberry blended.I haven't experienced any of the negative things people wrote in other reviews.
4	Had lunch here with Rand H this past Wednesday.  Arriving before the lunch rush about 11:30 they worked with us old folks to find seating we would both be comfortable with.  The service stayed great throughout the meal.  Our server knew the answer to our questions.  Macayo's is not the only Arizona chain to have done well with Americanized Mexican food.  It is prepared well, tasty and presented well.  I would suggest if you order steamed veggies as one of your sides you ask for it in a separate dish as the water will drift in to your other items.
3	It's Macayo's. Not terrible but not really Mexican food either.
2	$2.00 for a side of sour cream, on a cold burrito. Kept pushing alcohol even though we said we didn't drink. Too bad this place has beautiful interior decorations.
3	Oh Macayo.... You are a part of my youth, and I am destine to return to you ....The food is predictably decent, drinks are reasonable, service is good.
4	Great salsa and I love the tortilla soup.
4	Finally got to this place tonight, after it being recommended to us from a number of people, and we have to say it was a fun night.  Nice looking place, very roomy, and the waiter John made a positive impression from the beginning, when we asked him what was popular on the menu and what was his favorite.  We ended up getting their deal --- two of their entrees for $20 - me, the tacos, and my hubby the Carnitas.  The Carnitas was the biggest hit at our table.  We both had enough leftover for lunch tomorrow.  Then, John surprised us with a sopapillo on the house for being at this restaurant for  our very first time.   The bill was cheaper than our breakfast the other day, and we were more full (with another meal to boot).  So we recommend the place, and we  hope john is your waiter, too.
3	food was good but the service needs to be more polish. I know its a good restaurant but the servers need training. Food is good and always ask for fresh salsa..
2	I normally really enjoy eating here but this last experience bothered me. I went for lunch with my sister and son. My sister and I got an app to share and were going to split a lunch entree. My son only wanted a cheese crisp and the kids combo (which isn't much of a combo only one side and no drink included) was 4.75 and when I asked the price for just a Kids cheese crisp the waiter said it was going to 5.95. He said that there is no option to have the kids crisp by itself, they give you the adult size app crisp instead and charge full price. It's only a dollar difference but still, less food for more money.
4	This is one of my favorite mexican places. Baja pork chimi? Oh yes. Lots of baja cheese sauce. Chips and spinach queso? Ohhh yeah.
2	It's pretty standard chain. Service leaves A LOT to be desired and you'll definitely find better.Turnaround is quick though and I don't spend a ton of time in the area so it's a quick go to that's right there.
4	High quality service is the first thing I noticed, a place that the staff remember the drinks you order. Chips and salsa come standard with your meal, which almost serve as an appetizer.Carne asada tacos were OK, doesn't come close to more authentic restaurants in terms of flavor. Baja sauce definitely makes it enjoyable, but it's par for the course compared to the competition.
3	This place can get seriously loud but I still love the food. Baja sauce is soooo good. Mini chimi's and tamales are to die for. The drinks are excellent and the Sunset is highly recommended. The meals are a good size and healthy servings. My only complaints are the noise level can get out of hand here and  the staff can sometimes go missing, especially in the bar area.
3	When we went in, we asked to go in to the bar area so we could watch the football game, but were informed that they were't seating anyone there as they had just seated a large party in there and they only had one wait person. REALLY on the last Sunday of regular football they only had one person working in the area where the tv's were?  Poor planning on management's part.Every year we are given a gift card to Macayo's and we always look forward to going and having a good meal, unfortunately tonight we had a really poor meal, I do think part of it was a language barrier, our waitress was very sweet but she obviously did not understand what we were saying, no salt on a margarita didn't seem to be that hard. When I asked what Relleno Sauce was she could really only tell me it had tomatoes in it, when I told her I didn't like tomatoes could I get  green chile with baja sauce she said so you just want Baja sauce, I had to explain three times that I wanted the baja as well as the green chile.  When our food came out, a man brought the food and said he would tell someone we needed a refill on our drinks.  My meal was totally garnished with tomatoes, as if I had told her I LOVED tomatoes.  I scraped them off and cut into my chimi, which is when I realized that I hadn't specified what kind of meat I wanted (chicken), out rolled some of the largest chunks of onion and chiles I have ever seen, and little tiny chunks of beef, not even shredded.  So my meal consisted of some pretty sticky rice, which I mixed the baja sauce into for some flavor, and about 10 chunks of beef about the size of dice...I left hungry. We had to actually stand up and flag down someone for a refill when our meal was almost done.  The salsa was not up to its normal standard either, our thought was that perhaps the kitchen had run low and someone was just chunking up tomatoes and onion as fast as they could because when my husband dug in (see above...I don't do tomatoes) he literally had tomatoes the size of his chips...he said it tasted fine but the salsa didn't go far as the bowls were full of big chunks instead of lots of small flavorful items.We will go again, as we have been here and had good meals, but this one tonight was just so disappointing.Also, when the waitress took our plates, which had almost as much food on them as when they were set out, she should have asked if there was a problem, my husband tried to tell her that the meal was not up to the normal standards, but she just gathered the plates and rushed off to get our bill. Tip was not our usual generous +20%.
3	We have been eating at this Macayo's for a very long time. It used to be my favorite place to eat. I have since moved on to Caramba, because it is a much better value. Don't get me wrong. The food here is good, but not as good as it used to be. The prices are really high, as well. We ate here a few nights ago and it was almost $14 for my carnitas plate, and around $12 for my wife's chimichanga. The carnitas were good, but not $14 good. The chimichangas used to be what this place was renowned for. They were huge and relatively inexpensive (around $8). They seem to be more compact now and almost look like they're prepared off-site and then heated up when you order. The chips and salsa that they bring when you sit down are alright (although nothing can compare to Caramba's salsa). There are some good reasons to eat here. The service is usually really good. The waiter was really attentive when we were there and kept my drink filled the whole time. They are one of the few places that still take reservations. They have a cool room with stars that the kids like sitting in.We'll definitely eat here again, but I wish that it was a place I could rave about like I used to.
4	Excellent service throughout meal with great tacos and house margaritas.  Free chips and salsa ( although the salsa is more liquid than most) and our meals were served hot and quick. Great flan for dessert.
3	Visited here on Valentine's day for dinner.  I got the pork carnitas meal. The meat was steaming but the rice and beans were on the cold side. My date got the shredded beef chimi de macayo. She said it was delicious abd everything on her plate was warm or hot. Although our margaritas were awesome!!!
4	We have been there twice now. The food was very good. Atmosphere and service was very good.  The prices are rather high and they suggest a 20% tip. Otherwise I would give it a 5.  This is the Macayo's on Bell Road.
5	We decided to stop for a bite to eat my husband and my 17 year old son, it happened to be Happy hour, we don't drink, but we sat out on the patio, really nice outside. We ordered appetizers as they were $3 off. All the food we order was just as good as always, the waitress was really nice and helpful. We will be going back again.
5	Not sure why there are so many bad reviews for Macayo's. I stop in at least once a month. They serve the best Mexican food that I have had in Phoenix.The service is always excellent, the food is consistently delicious and is served quickly. I love Macayo's and this location in particular is my favorite!
4	I only go to Macayo's for one thing- the green chile tamales. It's like a girl on her period's dream come true. The salty and sweet is amazing. I am always satisfied when I leave. My husband always orders the beef chimichanga which is always stuffed full of moist shredded beef. It's huge! Macayo's is your typical Americanized Mexican food; heavy on the cheese and enchilada sauce. On the downside, I've never had a superior server. They've always seemed kind of distracted. I always blame it on the place being so busy.
2	We usually call in to go ordrs as we did today. Speaker for pickup doesnt work, u just have to hope they see u on camera or youll be waiting.. hannah had wrong price so i couldnt contact on speaker- had to run in cause i forgot my cell. They gave me correct price, and my order. I get back to my van n check my bags. Hannah had forgotten half my ordr. No cheese crisp, xtra chips n salsa, and my entire carne asada chimi meal with rice and beans were no where to be found. So now, im making my second trip in cause again, speaker doesnt work. Mind u, hannah has only been out to my vehicle once and that was to get my name for my order and my credit card. I had already given her a $10 tip for my $37 order when i paid.  AND ive gone in and out twice cause she didnt properly check my bags. I shoulda asked her for change since i paid her tip cash. By the time i got back to my vehicle, my initial food brought out first was cold. Hub and I, as much as we like the food, have now sworn off this place for good. Customr service on to go is zero stars the only reason for two stars is the cooks know what theyre doing. Let me make a point of saying I always tip good rght away and normally this gets me good srvice. I pay cash tip even if i use cc just so i know they get it right away, and recognize it...like i said, they appreciate the consideration normally and i get good service.  I'll know better next time i guess. I checked my bags, i made sure ordr and pricng on receipt was correct, i did all the legwork...shoulda tipped myself!
5	Excellent restaurant.  Been looking for a good Mexican restaurant since moving from California.   Service was excellent and food was unique and very tasty.   My new favorite Mexican restaurant
3	Service was great. Very attentive and kind. My husband absolutely loves his burrito. I only got cheese enchiladas. They were a'ight. I would probably go back.
4	Very good food and drinks. I went for happy hour at the bar and had a good time. Service was great and not rushed.
4	Is Macayo's a foodie's dream?  Not even close.  But it's always quality food.  I've been to Macayo's all over the valley and have never had a bad meal.  Sometimes the service can be hit or miss (this past visit, it was great) but that seems to be the only variable.
4	07/20/2014My waitress "Severa" was polite and prompt. They offered mild & spicy salsa. The only difference between the two was the "spicy" one was more watery. Not chunky like a poco de gallo. They did have a nice flavor. The chips were just chips nothing special.I ordered the Prickly Pear Margarita. It had a great flavor.I ordered the Achiote Pork Street Tacos. They tasted great bit were very small. They tasted great. They were served on what looks like a "wonton" stand. That tasted good as well. The quantity of meat is half what is pictured in the photos. I'll include both.The black beans were just normal black beans. There was a pile of cabbage larger than the tacos. I ate some, as I was still hungry after eating everything else.It looks like i would be leaving hungry, so I decided to order a flan.The flan was ok. It was not a five dollar flan to match its price, but it was ok.
1	Not happy with our service, food ok. Took forever to get seated. Finally seated (2 adults, 1 2.5 yr old and 11 mth old twins--all well behaved and happy). Once seated, we were given chips, no waters. Took awhile for server to come. Once he came, he got our drink order wrong (brought a beer we did not order and iced tea, still no waters). Sent beer back. When we ordered, our server kept changing our order so we "could save money". ? He said appetizer was free for first time customers. We ordered the cheese crisp. Came back 3 times asking if we really wanted it with guac and beef. Appetizer finally came. It was good. Luckily I brought snacks to keep the kids happy. Meal finally came. We had to eat fast and asked for the check because we had now been there for 1.5 hrs. The server up charged for the so called "free appetizer" and dips and charged us for a beer that we didn't order. We had to leave by then so I did not leave a good tip. Not happy and not coming back. **I usually give pretty good reviews and places a break, but not happy with service here.
3	Went for dinner - ordered deep fried burro - dripping in sour cream and totally tasteless. I thought it came with rice and beans but nothing but a spoonful of lettuce and tomatoes.  My son had the combination plate of tamale, taco rice and beans and he said it was very good.  I just won't order the burro next time.  I think a little overpriced - $10 for a burro!  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff; quick service. Don't know abut the tv - we didn't go in the bar.  Good parking. ther review said mild and spicy salsa?  We only got mild.
5	Can't come to Arizona without hitting up a Macayo's.  Growing up, we usually ate at the Central location.  Back in the 80's I was enrolled in their Birthday program.  So special, they'd send me a Birthday Card, guaranteeing me a free meal and special toy.  So personal!  We frequent this location now because my parents are Sun City Snowbirds.  Food is fantastic, consistent through the years!  Go to meal: start with chips and HOT salsa (if they don't initially bring it, just ask,) a cheese crisp; then for the beef chimi (soo delicious, crispy outside, juicy inside, and lovely red sauce topping--can't go wrong!!)  Husband's fav right now is the  chicken poblano, side of sour cream.  And they always have fresh iced tea.  This place can get packed nights and weekends.  We love middle of the afternoon visits, in between lunch and dinner rush.  It's quiet, service is very relaxed, and we can hear each other.  This last visit "Ate 0710" waited on us.  Very pleasant and attentive.  Our meals are always so big, there's plenty for a second meal. "Ate" was considerate enough to box and bag our to-go's.  We bought some extra chips and salsa for our trip back to The Bay Area.  Another successful meal and service!!  See you guys in a few months!!
1	The worst food ever! It was embarrassing how bad the food was. It was nothing more than microwaved, canned, pre packaged junk. I had their sample plate small size, not sure what it was called.It took them 3 minutes after taking our order to food on the table. Should have been a red flag. It was microwaved so hot it was ridiculous.Rubbery shell, dry burnt meat in the taco, oh my It was not edible at all. On a Monday night at 7 pm,  also dirty tables all around I will never eat here again! The salsa was bottled junk again. Chips were ok that's about it.  Dont waste your time or money on this place.
5	I love this place. It is one of our regular stops. We LOVE the Baja Sauce. I would put that stuff on everything. Baja Chimi is amazing. I also love the Fajitas. They put green chills with the onions. Salsa is also good.
1	i only gave a one star for the horrid service we received today. the lady took forever, was not very nice and I happened to get a dish I always get (and usually love) it was not good at all I told the server and she could had cared less. still charged me for it and never even asked if there was something else I wanted instead. this is not the 1st time we have had horrid service at this location. its just sad when you have gone to the same place for years is just starting to go down hill
3	Seems like a typical chain restaurant but not the authentic or tex-mex I was hoping for and the chips were so stale we left it untouched. The food was just as expected, and tasted like everything was just heated in a microwave or something you'd get from the frozen food section. Our waitor was amazing and even offered info on where we can find what we're looking for since we're new in town.
3	We've been to many Macayo's locations and are rarely disappointed, this was no different.  It's always good food but not great food.  We shared a cheese crisp and a shredded beef chimichanga.  The cheese crisp was good but a bit overpriced (almost $7) for a toasted tortilla with a THIN layer of cheese.  The chimicanga was good but was quite a bit smaller than I remember and was $12.  I don't mind paying for good food, and I don't have to be stuffed when I leave to be happy, but it does seem like the value could be adjusted a bit.  On a high note, I'm always happy when a Mexican restaurant carries a variety of Mexican beers.  Yay, Dos Equis lager on draught!!!!
