4	Never been there for dinner, but the lunch specials are pretty good for the price... I want to say it's like 6.95 and you get this plastic compartmentalized tray (yes like from the lunch lady in high school) with a salad, your entree (like 20 to choose from), a spring roll, a bowl of soup (usually 2 to choose from), and [get this] red jello. I actually thought the jello was a thai dipping sauce at first; much to my surprise, my spring roll bounced up from the surface of the jello like it was on a trampoline. I was confused for a moment, but then happy to revisit my youth and enjoy a cup of jello.Check it out for lunch.
4	This is our go-to place for when I don't feel like cooking. They have excellent panang, they satay is moist and flavourful, the chicken coconut soup is spicy and tangy and all around yummy, I'd also recommend their chili mint egg noodles with the shrimp. Their delivery is quick and reliable and the food is always hot when it arrives.
4	Hands down one of the best Thai places in Vegas/Henderson.  If you like Tom Kha Gung soup (spicy coconut milk soup with shrimp) this is the place to get it!  They know how to make it just spicy enough and are generous with the mushrooms and shrimp (or chicken if that's your preference).  Their lunch special is also very inexpensive and HUGE for the price, as are most items on their menus.  I would recommend their shrimp cup appetizers, but the last time I went they had stopped offering them...maybe it's a seasonal thing?  Anyway, if you see them on the table display, order them!  You won't be disappointed!
5	I love eating at this place! It is definitely one of the best Thai places in Henderson. I always eat their Pad Thai, yellow curry, and even their Fried Catfish with red curry sauce. One time when I ate there, I was craving for Panang curry with catfish, which was a dish I only ate when I was back in California, and asked them if they would make it. They did, and it tasted just as good as the one back home! I have eaten at many Thai restaurants in the area (even the new one on Eastern/Richmar plaza), but this is the best. I always take friends and family here to eat when they're craving for Thai food. They are very generous with their portions, and even give you jello or mixed fruits at the end for dessert (and free of charge). I love eating here!*Update: 5/31: I just found out that they do lunch specials for $5.95, and even on WEEKENDS! Gotta give them 5 stars now!
3	Delivery/phone conversation - pleasant and quick. Pad-thai... ehh, just ok. I've had much better. I'd proabably avoid this, or at the least tell them I can do without their shrimp with tails on in my food. Pineapple fried rice.. actually liked this a lot. The fried rice was good and had a really great flavor. Price was good, food was just ok. I'll write an update after I try some other dishes.
5	Ah, yes, Bangkok Orchid...My family has been coming here for the best local Thai food since 1994? My father found this place and we loved it ever since!  We sometimes go there when my mom doesn't feel like cooking...sorry Mom!  We seem to order the same thing everytime.  Mom orders the Glass Noodles with Chicken, Dad-Spicy Beef Salad ( and he orders them really spicy!), lil brothers likes the Satay Chicken and Red Curry Chicken, and I like the Pad Thai and Spicy Fillet Fish(I think it's catfish).  At the end of every meal, mom orders the Coconut Ice Cream in a real halve Coconut! Which is heaven!  The service is great , the crew is really nice, and the price is reasonable.  If  you never been to this place, try going there during Lunch time for their specials!
3	This restaurant has been around for almost a decade! Used to be my favorite place but they changed the chef few years ago and food are not tasting the same authenticity. Nowadays I hang out at Thai House on Maryland Pkwy & Silverado. They have very authentic flavor. Try their Eggplant (Stir fried with chicken, onion and peppers) and Papaya Salad and of course Fish Cakes. Dont forget your Iced Thai Tea. Sawadee....
5	love thai food.  love this place.  they deliver too!
3	Bangkok Orchid is just a minute away from my school so I thought I'd give it a try.  A plus side is that their lunch special is until 3:30, which is pretty sweet cause usually lots of other Thai places I've been to don't have their lunch special that late in the day.  I ordered the pad thai and it was ok.  I've had better but they did give me big portions of chicken.  :)  Their salad was yummy but their rice tasted a bit old.  If anything, this place is great for getting a quick fix of Thai food.
4	Decided to give it another star due to my new-found obsession with this dish called strawberry chicken. It's completely unhealthy and basically just a yummier take on your typical sweet and sour fried chicken junk food crap, but I do love it so. If you like sweet and sour chicken or junk food chinese.. you must try this. MMMI still think the pad thai is eh.
3	This place seems to have been here since I was a little kid and I hadn't been there until last month.Service left a little to be desired in terms of speed but the waitress was very nice.Decor was what you would expect, Tacky, with tons of faux foliage.I liked the food. Didn't love it, but liked it. I've had a better pad thai in my day but for the price and serving size. I would go back. The best part of the meal was the hot and sour soup!
3	Wow... I'm really torn about 3 or 4 stars because this is really a 3.5.  My girl friend, her son and I were cravin' some Thai but reluctant to drive all the way into Vegas for our favorite joints so we ended up at Bangkok Orchid.  The restaurant was clean, service was nice and food was tasty so... what was the problem?  Well, the chicken in our dishes was a lil tough and when we ordered chicken and shrimp pad thai... though the flavor was great, there was literally only 2 shrimp on it.  With the 3 of us, that wasn't even 1 shrimp each.  Sheesh!  Garlic Chicken was tasty, Pad Thai was tasty and Black Pepper beef was good... loved their veggies.I'd go again but next time, if there's not more shrimp, it'll be mutany.Might see ya there.
3	Quick thai craving fix. Food is OK, not bad or not phenomenal. Thai food in general, it can't be bad since it's all sweetened. Like their cheap lunch special to go, because I am not a person with the BEST posture, but I've never been to a restaurant where it acutually forces me to seat 90 degree angle straight back with my knee hitting the table since the restaurant is very small with limited space. Better if you know what you like and get it to go.
1	There is nothing special about this place.  I ordered a Thai salad.  It was just a green standard salad, I was a bit thrown off by the egg on the salad.  I don't think I've ever had a Thai salad with egg before. We also had soup and the chicken in the soup was very tough and chewy.  We also ordered Sticky sweet rice and ice cream.  I don't think they use the correct type of rice for this dish.  The taste was off.  I only gave it 1 star because my boyfriend loved the fried bananas. The decor is on the verge of tacky (wooden chairs w/green padding), fake floral everywhere.  They were nice but I would not spend money on another meal in that place.
4	I chose this place kind of on a roulette drive for lunch, and I am glad that I landed here instead of the nail store next door.  The Thai dishes were all very good, and they gave me free appetizers and a little Jell-o dish with my check.  With the affordable price, they didn't have to butter me up!  I asked for an 8 out of 10 on a yellow chicken curry, and they delivered.  It was delicious, plentiful and was served in a wizard's cauldron.  Well, it kind of looked like one.  Accio delicious curry!  The restaurant itself is very amusingly decorated with many, many, many artifical tropical flowers.  It's like eating in a terrarium.  The service is nice and never let my drink get to empty, and it was $11 for a really filling meal and soda, tip extra.I am pretty sure 10 out of 10 on the heat here, due to it being pretty authentic local Thai, means the curry would burn through you like thermite through a steel plate.  It was hot!  But if you're into that, you'll be rewarded.   A very nice little find for Thai, and they deliver too!
1	I ordered padthai for lunch.  It was dry, sticky, and they forgot to put eggs and peanuts in it.  Only the owner speaks and understands English well. Owner offered to add eggs but I had no time to wait again.  This place used to be really good but seems like the cook has changed.  The food quality has decline drastically. This is the 3nd time they made a mistake in my order.  So this will be last time I will be coming here again.
4	I've eaten inside the restaurant many times and have ordered from them once. I really like getting the Tom Yum Kai, it's got a great blend of tang from the vinegar, heat from chiles and sweetness with the mellow protein note of chicken and chewy mushrooms. It was the first thai food I tried years and years ago and remains a favorite. The curry is good as well, though we always want it to be spicier. It's fun to eat in the restaurant as the soups are served crackling and hot on a clay pot burner. The girl I spoke with while ordering got my address wrong but the driver called to verify and all was corrected. Food is yummy and portions and good. The large size of the soup and the chicken curry was enough to feed 3 hungry people. I'm looking forward to trying out their lunch menus and sampling some of the other items :}
4	I've lived in Green Valley ever since 1979 and I am sad to say it took me this long to try Bangkok Orchid. It has been there forever and I've driven past it many times. After trying to order from Pingkao and being told they wouldn't deliver to my house because it was too far (even though they've delivered 5 other times and sent menus to me in the mail...dumb) my girlfriends and I found the menu on line and ordered. First of all, it was crazy cheap! We had leftovers of everything too since the portions were plentiful. We ordered the Panang chicken curry, stir-fried glass noodles, pineapple fried rice, and some sort of salad with ground chicken. Everything was fabulous. I highly recommend!
2	I didn't really like it. The service was slow & their panang curry was just weird. Probably wouldn't go back.
4	Here's what we had:Green papaya salad x2spring rollschicken curry beef on choispicy soft shell crab (special that night) Sticky riceThai Iced TeaAll the food was gone between the four of us. No complaints! =)
4	My old boss had been telling me about this place for years.  We came in for the lunch special.  $4.99 plus $1.95 for the soda worked out to an even $7.50 with tax.  I think this runs 11:00-3:30.  Something to note would be that 2 for 1 beers start at 3:00 so you've got a nice little 1/2 hour bargain overlap!The lunch special stars with soup and then a bento box that includes a wonton, entree, sticky rice (ours was formed into the shape of a heart, how touching) green salad with a ranch like dressing, and some sweet and sour sauce.I had the spicy chili mint chicken, level 7.  I really enjoyed this however when I go back I'll probably go for a 9 or 10.  GF had some sort of sweet and sour chicken, it was also good.Service was prompt and our sodas never got empty.  Next time I find myself at Sunset and Sunset, I will definitely hit up the B.O!
3	There is nothing more frustrating than a place with good food that has terrible service! They need to retrain their staff because I was under the impression that their servers have no prior serving experience. Their kitchen is probably run improperly because the food took FOREVER. I think we sat in our booth for about 45 min-1 hour for our appetizer. As I looked around the restaurant, I noticed the frustrated looks on all the customers' faces. The food was impressive... authentic, flavorful, and well portioned; however, my sister and I decided the food wasn't great enough to wait as long as we did, so we will not be returning.
3	Seven of us at work today each ordered from their lunch menu for pick-up. Total came to $32, not bad at all.No one was disappointed. But no one was blown away either. Overall good. I thought the quality was good...maybe a few too many potatoes in the yellow curry...I'd rather have none.  They do not accept American Express.
4	Wow. I live a block away and have been meaning to try this place. I walked in at 3:35, after lunch was over but the hostess let me order lunch specials to go anyhow. :D I got the pad thai and Spicy mint noodles.  Each lunch special comes with a little salad, pot sticker and fried rice. (Thats to go, I think in house dining also comes with soup.I also got a plate of delightful fried noodles to nibble on while I waited.)I got home and dilly dallied around for a while before eating, a bad habit of mine. But even after about a half an hour when I sat down to eat, the food was still really hot.  Everything was delicious, I asked for a level 7 spice level and got  a true seven.  The rice was very mild flavored, but a bit spicy and I wish I knew how they made it because it would be a great side dish for any Asian food. The salad had a ranch with a kick of sweetness to it topped with wantons. The pad thai was very good, and I could'nt get enough of the spicy mint noodles.The staff was friendly and the restaurant was cozy and clean.I am so glad I tried this place, and since they deliver (oh joy and rapture) I will definitely be a regular here. Edit: I am a regular here, the service is always great and the food is always awesome.
3	I came here for lunch.  I wanted to try the strawberry chicken and they graciously allowed me to substitute it on the lunch menu.  It comes in a compartmentalized box, like in a Japanese restaurant, with salad and eggroll.  The actual portion of the entree was pitiful.  But the strawberry chicken was delicious; a sweeter version of sweet and sour chicken.  I will definitely try this dish out at other "Chinese" restaurants that offer it.  The chicken itself was crispy on the outside (which I like), but also kind of chewy, like it was overcooked.  All in all, not a bad restaurant, but I would probably recommend the dinner portions if you want to leave full.  The prices for that are kind of high though, in the $$ range.I plan to come back and try the BBQ chicken (they were out that day) and the deep fried chicken when I get a chance.
3	I came back here two other times.  The first, I tried the BBQ chicken.  It was okay...I didn't really like the flavor and the portion was really sad.  I would give that experience two stars.The second time, I tried the deep-fried chicken.  It tastes exactly as it sounds...yummy and crunchy, and nothing at all like Chinese food.  I requested that they give me the strawberry dipping sauce (the choices were plum or ranch, but they were accommodating) since I really enjoyed the strawberry chicken the first time around.  It was scrumptious and delicious!  Definite 4 star quality.  But all my experiences unfortunately average out to only three.Definitely try the strawberry chicken or deep-fried chicken if you get the chance.  You're not going to leave full (if you get the lunch portions), but you will leave happy.**Not guaranteed that you will leave happy
2	I like the fact that this place delivers, however the food is just okay. I ordered chicken friend rice, which was really good. The Pad Thai tasted weird and had this sweet flavor that didn't make it appetizing one bit! I've only eaten here once, but it didn't really make a great impression.  Not sure if I would go here again.
2	A quart of chicken noodle soup: $8.95A quart of Tom Ka Gai (coconut chicken soup): $10.95That's pretty darn pricey. They do have a $5.95 lunch special, so the prices vary quite a bit.I had a lunch special; the soup of the day was egg drop soup but would be best described as corn starch pudding.Lunch comes on a nice tray with compartments; you get an egg roll about the size of your pinky, yellow rice in the shape of a heart, iceberg lettuce with house dressing (which was pretty good dressing) and I had chicken with broccoli. The chicken with broccoli was floating in a dull watery sauce, very sad.Besides the house dressing everything was quite bland. I brought Tom Ka Gai home for my cold-beset wife and we've both had waaaaay better.Ping Pong won't disappoint you if you want decent Thai food and it's not that far away.
4	Stopped by here after class and decided to get a quick beer and a meal for happy hour during 3-5p.  The restaurant has nice decor and the waitress was very nice.  The lunch specials are priced well and the 2-for-1 beer special is also very nice and inviting.  I had opted for the orange tofu entree and it came with a salad, fruit, and rice to go with it.  The food was alright.. not the best Thai food I've had but it for the price, it was very nice.  Definitely earned another happy-hour stop in by yours truly.
3	A time warp into 1982.  As I understand, theis place hasn't changed one bit since it opened.  The food was good.  We cleaned everyone of our plates.  Schezhuan eggplant. panang chicen curry, shrimp pad thai, and orange chicken.  All very tasty.The service left some things to be desired.  When we asked for our check, there was one other table in the dining room.  It took 22 minutes for us to get a check. Holy moly!We ordered everything spicy 7 which will make me sweat at other Thai places, but not here.  No spice found.  Food is good.  Portions were a small for the price.
2	My husband and I stopped in for the lunch special.  I ordered the Chili Mint Rice Noodles (heat level 5), and my husband ordered the Yellow Curry (heat level 4).  Both dishes were served "bento box style," and included rice, salad, egg roll and two wedges of orange.  The soup of the day was a vegetable soup (and tasty).  Both of our entrees were tasty but mine was not as spicy as expected.  Additionally, the portions were pretty small (probably not more than 2 oz. of protein in either dish). Our biggest disappointments were the egg rolls (which were swimming in a sweet and sour sauce and soggy), and the salad (which was swimming in ranch dressing).  Ranch dressing in a Thai restaurant?  Really?  Had we been told how the specials were served, we would have ordered a la carte and shared soup and one entree.
1	If you don't know what Thai food tastes like, you just won't know what you're missing. This is definitely NOT a real Thai restaurant.
3	Not going to lie, not big on Thai or Chinese food, but I was with others who chose the place and tagged along. I am always good with fried rice, love that stuff, but this kind was not great. The chicken was dry, no egg in it really, and overloaded with onions and scallions that those flavors just kind of took over. Others may enjoy, but if you like fried rice do not waste your taste buds on this one. In the end the service was good. The family there was really nice and thoughtful and they do have specials, happy hour, and I guess karaoke on some night of the week. Never hurts to try.
5	My friend and I come here quite often for their lunch special. Service is always nice and quick. Their lunch special includes soup of the day, salad, rice, a veggie egg roll, and an entree of your choosing. My two favorite dishes are the chili mint chicken and the mint rice noodles. They always ask the level of spice that you prefer on a scale of 1-10. I usually like my food to be really spicy, so I often order it at a level of 9 and it comes out with a nice kick! The cost of all this? Just $6!
4	The food here is delicious! The have Great lunch specials too!!  No complaints on the food here! Service is friendly too. There lunch special is a great deal. You get soup and salad, egg roll, rice, fruit, and the main dish you choose.  I love their  beef pad se ew (sp?)The decor needs to be renovated!
5	I was cruising for something to eat on my lunchbreak at work, and in fact I had another place in mind (but couldn't find it) so I wound up coming here, instead.  To my pleasant surprise, everyone was super nice and very helpful.  As I'd never been here before, I asked for suggestions and tried the Pad Thai (which I've never had ever - here or anywhere else) and I thought it was immensely tasty.  Being a vegetarian, I opted for no meat and they helpfully obliged, even adding in tofu (at my discretion.)I also got the thai tea, which I adore: delicious.  Added boba which was super soft and silky smooth, exactly as it should be.  While I waited, they bought be a bowl of free soup also, a spicy and sour (I think that's what it was called) egg soup in a chicken broth (for hardcore vegans or veggies - avoid) but it was super tasty and I sort of regret not ordering it in the first place.Overall I think this place is brilliant.  Not very modern, but very clean and friendly with great food and good people.  I'll definitely be coming back!
4	I have had the lunch special here two times. I wouldn't say it's the best thai food, but I like what they have to offer and the friendly service. The first time I tried the Pad See-Ew, and it was perfectly done. Maybe because I was hungry, but it was the rich greasy ness and spicy ness and the vegetables were all good with it. The lunch always seems very, I can't think of the word, giving. I believe it came with soup, salad, vegetable roll, some sort of fruit or dessert, salad and the main dish. I think it also came with rice even though I had a noodle dish. The second time I had the Pad Thai, and that dish to me is always hit or miss. For me it was more of a miss, because I believe the sauce was too tangy and saucy, so that it would really make the noodle sticky and kind of overdone and not good. The beef in the dish didn't look very appetizing, but it was fine. I still thought everything was pretty good to eat, but it probably more leans toward 3 stars, but I like the place for no intelligible reason. The lunch special is only like $6 if I remember correctly. :D
4	This restaurant I have been going to forever. They are very friendly to me. Their portion sizes are decent and so are the prices. It's a small place but if you like thai food I suggest you go. They have good lunch specials also.
4	I've gone to this place for lunch a few times, but never dinner. They have the same good food, just more of it. :-)  I had the red curry chicken. I really love the taste and get it every time. I usually get a 6 (medium). Today the six seemed awfully spicy, but very good. The service is always good. I have never seen it crowded in this place. The decor is nothing special. It is a great place to go to beat the crowd, have good food, and good service.
1	Went for lunch recently. The appetizers were good, but the main course was terrible. The beef broccoli was extremely bland and thee pad Thai was simply disgusting. There are several other Chinese and Thai places in Henderson that are far better.
2	I've ordered here a couple times and today was the day that sealed their fate. Horrible service. I was hung up on 3 times and never given a clear answer. I will not be coming here ever again.
5	We had delicious tom yum shrimp soup. We loved the seafood basket. Service was very good and quick also.
5	Another gem i found!i got here about 3pm it was not busy at all. actually it was just me and a friend. i was kinda worry but not haha. its seems family owned. right when i went in i was greeted and seated right away and our servers brought water right away! i love when they do that instead of us the customers ask for it. she gave us a few minutes to decided what we want to order. i decided to go the pad see eww . for $5.95 deal! it comes with soup . may i say this soup was really good and flavorful than the other place ive tried thumbs up! also salad, rice, eggroll, slice of fruits. it didn't not take to long for it to be cooked. im really use to big portions maybe thats why im overweight haha. but this was just the right amount! the staff was nice and friendly. place was clean aswell . do try this gem out!
3	Me and the fam came in during lunch time so it was pretty quiet.  The food was very flavorful and the service friendly.  We ordered a few lunch specials: The Beef Chow Mein, Orange Chicken, and Mongolian Beef along with the Chicken Satay w/peanut sauce.  Everything came out pretty tasty except for one minor thing, there were literally only about four (4) little pieces of beef that came with the Mongolian dish.  But besides that, we were satisfied.
4	Hi This Afternoon i came by at Bangkok Orchid and i ordered Chili Mint Chicken and it was very good. Their dinner size is much better than lunch special because the quantity of food serving has a lot more in it. People you guys have to be specific on how spicy you want your food when you order its 1-10 how spicy you want it. Number 10 is really spicy! When I order my food i only tell them number 3 on how i want my food to be spicy. The food i like at Bangkok Orchid is Pad Thai, Chicken Satay, Chili Mint Chicken and Seafood soup!
4	Decided to stop by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by this little mom n pop.The restaurant isn't too big, couple of tables in the middle flanked by four booths on each side. Bangkok Orchid seems to be family run which is usually means you get better and more personalized service. Coming in during lunch, it was great to a wide selection of lunch specials priced at $5.95.I had the chili mint chicken level 8, crab ragoons, and a thai iced tea with boba. My entree, the chili mint comes in a little bento box style plate, complete with salad, a scoop of rice, a eggroll, egg drop soup, and a generous portion of the chicken. The chicken is delicious; very similar to what you would find in the lettuce wrap filling at PF Changs. But I will say that level 8 isn't as spicy as it sounds.The crab ragoons were great, about 8 small empanda style ragoons stuffed with imitation grab and cream cheese. A perfect appetizer. My thai iced tea was pretty good but it would been nicer if it was a little bigger for the $3 they charged for it. Overall Bangkok Orchid is a great gem for anyone looking for Asian fare. Definitely check it out.
4	My husband & I happened upon this little mom-n-pop restaurant after a movie. We were pleasantly surprised at how delicious everything tasted.  All of the food was freshly prepared and flavorful. The portions were generous for the price point. We had the Singapore beef noodle and Sweet & Sour pork lunch specials, Crab Ragoon, Chicken Satay, and 2 Tai Teas for lest than $40 even after tip.
4	GREAT CURRY!This place has amazing thai food. Their curry is the best I have ever had. I am in love with the yellow and red specifically. I have tried several other dishes as well, and have not been let down. I will have to say to avoid the more Chinese oriented dishes though. They are very mediocre. The service is also really good. My Only complaint is the drinks.. You can tell that they do not have a soda machine. They just pour cans into a glass. Which I can not stand. Its makes the drink just taste off most of the time. If im paying 2.50 for a drink I expect it to at least be good. My other sub-complaint is that the music is weird.. We sit there and wonder who picks that crap.. Its so bad that its funny at times. I want to say that last time we were there we heard "I will always love you" With clinky thai instruments. Very good laugh at that one.Overall, a 4 star place. If they ever get better drinks and music I will bump up my rating.
5	Hi I tried their spicy cat fish and their red curry its really yummy. I go to Bangkok Orchid to try different menu everything i tried is really very good taste. I want people to come by and also try their food.
4	We happened to see this restaurant as we're passing by and decided to go in. We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was and how friendly the staff. We had the papaya salad, fried swordfish with sweet sour sauce and the combination seafood over glass noodles. While the food was not too hot, there was a hint of a spiciness to it. We had the fried bananas for dessert.  We enjoyed the food here, an alternative to our regular meals and the Las Vegas buffets.
1	Stopped and and had dinner around 5pm. I got the Chicken Pad Thai which wasn't bad but not as spicy as I requested. My girlfriend got the orange chicken. It was terrible, there was barely any sauce and the chicken was cold. The chicken appeared to be breaded with only what I can describe as, overcooked deep-fried funnel cake batter. On the inside, once we were able to bite thru the piece of chicken, we found most of the pieces of chicken did not have any chicken inside. For dessert we were given two small bowls of jello. We politely declined but were still served the bowls. I would not recommend this place to anybody.
5	Service was fast and friendly. I usually go for the lunch special which is a great deal and the food is excellent.I suggest the Chili Mint Chicken, absolutely delicious. Definitely recommend this spot if you're ever in the area and are looking for an affordable but satisfying meal.
5	My preferred Thai place was closed, and I used to come here so I tried it. Great lunch specials, very good value. Soup, egg roll, salad, orange slices, rice, and entree. The fried rice is great. Pad see-ew, pad Thai, green curry, all very good. Again, very good lunch value.
5	My first time here! Very happy with the food.  Clean, quick and delicious. Definitely will be back and let my friends, co-workers know about this place!
4	This was pretty good! We got delivery from Orchid Garden on Sunday. The lunch specials are also offered on weekends, which is great! They also have a very extensive menu and everything looked pretty reasonably priced.I got the lemon chicken lunch special, which was a good amount of food for under $6. Delivery won't include the soup, but it had the entree, rice, and a small salad. Everything tasted good and they were completely accurate about the estimated delivery time, which made me very happy!
5	Great place to grab lunch! Good food, great service and really clean!  Lunch special is only $5.95 and the portions are great! 5 stars!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this place. Really nice people run the place and it's relatively inexpensive. I had the pad see ew, the mint chicken and the tom yum soup. Their soup is probably the best tom yum I have had in town.
4	Always see this restaurant when I'm grocery shopping at smiths. Curiosity kicked in and wanted to try. Outside appearance was not appealing. I almost didn't go in. But before I was gona leave I decided to depend on my yelp friends. It seemed to have some good reviews. First impression was divey. Really needs some help. Decor is old and the place is small. However the lady was very nice. I ordered chicken pad Thai from lunch special. The menu says you get soup. Then she nicely tells me you only get soup if you done in. She was nice and offered me done while I wait for my food. Maybe she heard my stomach growl. Lol .. My friend ordered orange chicken. Also from lunch special. Was happy when I got the bill. It was $12 for both meals. Now that's what I call a lunch special When I got home. I noticed they gave decent proportion sizes. My chicken pad Thai was delicious. My friends orange chicken was good but the sauce was more runny than what I'm use to seeing. Didn't care for the fried rice. It taste like corn bread to me. Next time I'm going with white rice. It also came with salad. Which is nothing fancy. Lil lettuce with ranch and crunchy won ton. They didn't have any other dressing choices. I will come back and try more things.
4	Their Thai Iced Tea has a cinnamon flavor to it that is just AWESOME!!! Fast and very reasonably priced. Lots of vegetarian options.
4	Love this place! It's so hard to find Chili mint chicken in town, let alone done right. I love that this place offers it in fried rice form and with the option of ground chicken. The portions good sized and the food is very flavorful. Can't go wrong with the lunch specials!
4	I was impressed with this place. It doesn't look like much from the outside and looks like the typical Thai Chinese food joint you've been to a million times. The older woman working was so nice, the young waitress was helpful but seemed a bit distracted at times. We ate our meals there.Not sure how this place rates at other times of day but it is lunch special heaven. I ordered the Crispy Spicy Chicken (substitute white rice for the fried rice) lunch special ($5.95) and an order of the Crab Rangoon ($7.95). Crab Rangoon was really good, not greasy and I think it was real crab meat! 8 pieces comes with an order. The lunch special come with soup, which we got next. It was Egg Drop Soup, I don't typically get soup at Chinese restaurants but this was decent, had nice lite taste. A friend got the small Spicy Vegetable Soup (Heat level 3), it looked loaded with veggies. She said it was really good and even with a level 3 heat still had a nice kick to it.We got our lunch specials next which come presented on awesome trays, I felt so elegant, such a nice presentation. It came with a small lettuce salad with a creamy dressing and crispy wonton noodles, it was very fresh and crisp. A mound of rice, I opted for rice but it comes with a fried rice which the other girls seemed to like but wasn't anything to write home about. A crispy wonton I think was filled with chicken was tasty and unexpected. 2 orange slices. Our lunch choices, which was a nice amount of food. My Crispy Spicy Chicken I ordered at level 5 heat to play it safe, I like a bit of heat but not a lot. I could've gone up to a 6 or 7. The sauce was delicious, the chicken was super crispy crunchy and had not greasy. There seemed to be more crispy coating than chicken inside most of the chicken pieces but it was still really good. My friends got the Spicy Chili Mint (Heat Level 3) with Chicken and the Mix Vegetables with Shrimp and they both finished the dish and said they'd get it again!I am looking forward to going back and trying more, it's close to work for me and super cheap.
5	Great food all around.  Authentic as can be.  Chefs straight from Thailand, can't ask for anything more.  Thai iced tea and coffee is so good here.   Come check this place out if you're ever in town because buffets can get boring.
5	Came here for lunch and everything was good! Service is excellent! Coconut soup, beef salad, chicken salad, fish cake appetizer, shrimp cakes, Thai iced tea, coffee iced tea and for dessert gotta get the sticky rice with mango! Must try!!! The best Thai restaurant since 2000!!
5	the food is delicious!! also you cant beat there lunch specials for only $5.95
5	Always a great deal, one of our favorites.Friendly, clean and great value Thai food.
5	We eat here often and can say consistency is always there. Quality and freshness is never a disappointment.  Their lunch special is something you cant go wrong with. Just 5.95 and you leave feeling satisfied. The staff is always pleasant and accommodating.
4	Went in for a late lunch today and it was quite tasty. We tried some Thai beer which was good and my pad Thai was delish. It's close to the house so we will probably be back for lunch again....
