4	Nice atmosphere, very good food, good portions without being grossly exaggerated.  Exceptional for a chain restaurant.  Save room for the giant desserts.Appetizer: Roasted Artichoke with Garlic Mayonnaise - Delish!Entrees: Cedar Plank Salmon and the Rib & Chicken Combo. - Perfection!Desserts: Green Tea Creme Brulee - light, airy and not overly sweet.and the World's Smallest Sundae, which is a normal size sundae with creamy vanilla ice cream and decadent hot fudge...
3	Howzit!?Average food. Good atmosphere. Great service.Kids and baby friendly with changing station and designated stroller parking area. Also a complimentary dish for kids.Notable dish: French Onion Soup.
5	WOW! After eating here I don't think I needed to eat again for a week! The portions are huge and hearty. The wait staff is attentive and helpful with good recommendations. The atmosphere is cozy, it can be a great place for a semi dressy date night or a good place to bring the kids to fill up. My personal recommendation is to save room for a red velvet cupcake! You will not be disappointed.
4	Food was good as well as the service.  Pretty slow inside the mall today being it was so damn hot outside.  Had the cup of clam chowder and split the buffalo wings.  Chowder was a plus, the entree I chose was the shrimp skewers which were quite good.  Little brother got his usual chicken fingers & fries which I thought were excellent.  No dessert, however, the 3,000 calories chocolate cake of death or whatever looks amazing and I will be back to ensure quality of that cake soon :)
4	Never have been to one, but it was a pleasant surprise. Great value and tasty meal. Nice service.Town Square is nice too.
4	another great standby - large menu, HUGE portions, typically not crazy crowded.  more of a family feel.  they give kids the cutests pre-meal plate, with a few different snacks on it.
5	I've been here a few times and decided that I had better write a review as this place really is exceptional. This restaurant has always been great. Portions are big enough to bring half home and I've never had anything here that was poorly made. Service is great, friendly without being overbearing. You can also get a schooner of beer for fifty cents more than a pint, and their home brews are nicely done. I'd recommend their honey blonde ale. Finally, it seems like they're always having contests/rewards of some sort. Recently, we were given scratch off tickets for prize/discounts, and when we turned them in, we again received tickets for discounts on our next visit.The only minor problem is that this place can get busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but that is understandable concerning it's a great restaurant. I never mind too much, as it seems their bar always has room while you wait for a table.
3	More like 3.5 stars. Food? Amazing. (For the most part... the steak and black bean chili was bland. Just because you add hot spices, doesn't make it flavorful.) Service? Not so much. Our waiter Tom, while very nice, neglected to fill up anyone else's drink at the table other than mine. We were also seated at a table, and given a bit of a hassle (more from disorganization from the host stand's part, first claiming there were no booths open, and when 4 of them were pointed out in less than 30 seconds, saying 'Well, um... er... We'll move you in a minute.) about the fact that we wanted a booth. I ended up just walking away and saying "Whatever, I'll keep the table." in exasperation. Please... Make sure you ask your patrons whether they want a booth or a table BEFORE they're seated, to avoid this situation in the future, and please for the love of god, make sure your guests have drinks at all times after their initial glasses come, until the point where they leave.
1	Very rarely do I have to downgrade my ratings of a business. Tonight my husband and I went into the restaurant. We were told there would be a 10-15 minute wait, which took well over 20 for us to be called. This is despite the fact that there were MANY tables/booths open at the time.After we were seated, it took more than 10 minutes for us to even be acknowledged by our server and then almost 10 minutes more for drinks to arrive on our table.Throughout the meal, he was nice and all that, but still rather inattentive. Especially when it came time to get the check and I tried to give him my gift card, and he wandered off for another 10 minutes, leaving us to sit there awkwardly so we could get out and do the other stuff we wanted to do for the evening. The Whiskey Chicken was rather bland. Needed salt to flavor it up, which is bad considering how they advertised it in the menu. My husband's tri-tip steak was supposed to be medium rare, but was actually closer to well done. The dessert was ok. English toffee cake. I could make better at home, though. The best part of that sadly, was the ice cream that came with it.All in all, the experience took over 90 minutes from the time we sat down until we left, and we're not slow eaters at all. I don't think we'll be returning in the future, since half the time we spent there was sitting around waiting to be served.Update: After speaking with the manager, we received a gift card for ... half the amount we wasted on our meal. She told us to speak to her when we come in next time to ensure the experience is better. I will probably casually mention to her that I'm not happy about the fact that we wasted $50 only to get $25 back. I'll give the place one more try to redeem itself, though.
3	Came here with my boyfriend last month for dinner. We got the garlic rings and Goldrush chicken, both were sooo good! We decided to just split both things, which was a really good idea because I know neither of us would be able to each that goldrush chicken on our own. It was So huge and very heavy, more than enough for both of us after splitting it. The garlic rings were phenomenal! I'd want to go back there just to get those again. They were huge and full of flavor.  You definitely get more than your money's worth.Two complaints:1.We asked for BBQ sauce NOT mustard with the garlic rings and they gave us mustard and not the BB sauce instead  and acted a little annoyed when we corrected what they gave us. 2. They never gave us the drinks that we ordered, so all we had was water. We never told them anything about it though because we ended up getting pretty full from the rings while thinking they were still going to bring us our soda. 3. The host was the one that brought us our drinks AND took our orders. THe lady that was suppose to be our waitress didn't seem to do anything the whole time. The only thing she did was bring us our one plate of food and bring us the bill. She also charged us for 2 sodas which we never got so we had to have that corrected, which she seemed annoyed about AGAINThe service wasn't that great at all. I'd go there just for the food, but only if I'm in a good mood because I don't think I could put up with their service if I wasn't.
3	Ehhhhh...I just don't know. I've dined in at this Claim Jumper about twice a month for the past 8 months that I've resided in Vegas, and probably ordered the take out another 5-10 times or so when I was working more frequently in Town Square. Everything here is so unbelievably inconsistent, that it's hard to give this place a solid rating. When the food is good and the service is good, this place is definitely 4-5 stars. But when its bad...boy is it bad. Claim Jumper has an excellent menu and dessert selection. This is their strength and weakness - they offer a little of everything for everyone while specializing in absolutely nothing. They also offer a full service bar that's pretty handy to grab a Stoli Cranberry when you're waiting for a table on a Saturday night. And the drinks are pretty darn good, especially when this blonde guy Chris is in the bar. He makes a mean martini - the kind that makes me shamelessly fall off my bar stool when I get up to follow the hostess to my awaiting table.The servers are hit or miss. I've had a few that were friendly and talkative and gave me free dessert for being a sweetheart. I've also had some that were outright hostile by slamming a plate or cheese toast on the table or rolling their eyes and groaning when I meekly asked for a refill of iced tea. Luckily, I've found a server that is polite, friendly, and thorough, so I just request him when I go in. "Are you sure you're willing to wait 40 minutes for a table with him, ma'am?" Why yes, yes I am; I've got my appletini right here to entertain me.The food for the most part is mediocre and generally lukewarm by the time it reaches the table. But the portions are ridiculously huge. I order off the Little Jumper's menu most of the time (when I have a server that's willing to accomodate that), and even then I end up taking about half of it home. I've had a variety of different dishes (lobster, steak, turkey dinner, burger, pizza, country fried steak, etc.), and I find I'm disappointed most of the time. Their mini pizzas and sliders are phenomenal though.Decor is nice enough. Booths are comfy. Bathrooms are clean. Outdoor spring/summer seating looks nice. The music that plays is mostly 80s and is completely awesome. It's half the fun of going there.Lunch take-out has proven to be a worthless joke for me. Despite ordering 15-20 minutes before I even jaunt on over there for pick up, half the time they forget to put my order in, and the other half of the time something happens in the kitchen and it has to be completely remade. I appreciate the quality checks the staff makes before handing my order over to me, but I'm starving. It's just one freaking soft pretzel! Pleeeeeeaaaasssseeee feed me...I only have 5 minutes left on my lunch!Worth noting are their fantastic managers. If something goes wrong, they're there at your table to make sure it gets done right. They're very friendly and on top of things.So there you have it. Some good points, and some bad. I've put up with it, mostly because it was easy and a comfortable routine for my husband and I. But recently we discovered "I Love Sushi" so I think that's going to seriously cut into our Claim Jumper visits. Which is absolutely fine by both of us.
1	I like to be greeted by my server, I like to hear them introduce themselves in their very own special way, as most servers have their own type of charm....my server last night did not exist.  I have greeted by a sweet jolly girl who told us she would take our drink orders until our waiter showed up.. Okay, that's fine, he must be busy......("The words too busy shouldn't exist in a waitress vocabulary" Thank you Mr. Pink)About 5 minutes go by and still no sign of our waiter, which was okay I suppose since we didn't even know what we wanted yet.Another few minutes and FINALLY he shows up. His intro was "ARE YOU READY TO EAT?! :D"Lol, uhm, okay. So we order the artichoke dip, and after some debate between the Cobb salad and the potato-cheese soup, I chose the soup...thanks to the lady next to us who looked like she was REALLY enjoying her French Onion.Server leaves. The only time I see him again is when I hear him talking to the other waitstaff about how he can't wait to leave....and then later when he returns our check...douche.The pretty sweet lady who I wished was my server came and filled our drinks, as our waiter never returned to check on us....Food came out. Ok, I already knew Claim Jumper was just, meh. But we ate there because it was close and easy....But believe me I won't make that mistake again....The artichoke dip was gross. We both took about 3 bites from it.  The chips were pretty good though :D.My soup, had the look and taste of friggin Velveta. VELVETA! Did someone seriously poor Nacho Cheese in my soup? It was horrible. I also loved my garnish of a huge piece of wilting parsley. Mmm.  The only thing I ate and actually enjoyed was the cheesy bread. OOoh that was some yumminess.My friend ordered the vegetable soup which was WAY too salty. I suppose this isn't the best way to review a business like Claim Jumpers because usually their soups aren't house and are frozen and defrosted...I'm not sure if this is the case..Either way, the next time we saw our server is when the cutsey little lady asked if we wanted anything else and we asked for the check...she took our card and our waiter returned it and said his good byes. Both of them asked if we wanted boxes, twice, since we pretty much took 3 bites from everything on the table...I've been to Claim Jumper before, and I suppose that experience was A-OK. But after tonight I will never return. Not worth the time and money.
4	Chicken Bow Tie pasta with spinach  tortellini. Good stuff!
4	This is a good spot in town square to lighten your wallet and eat some okay American food. You will pretty not walk out of here spending less than $15 a person. Once you get there you HAVE got to have the zucchini spears (7 piece?) because those are good, and make you fat.
4	I love to dine at Claim Jumpers; in other cities but the Bay Area. For some apparent reason- the foods and drinks taste a lot better, the service is more professionally efficient and the restaurants are a lot nicer from other CJ's locations than the Fremont and Concord, CA locations. Maybe it's me, I don't know!This Claim Jumper is located (dead-center) in the outdoor Town Square shopping complexAs a high-volume eater, I love the amount of food offers to us. I also love the lunch items at Claim Jumper including the appetizers and the French Onion Soup. That hearty soup is also a pretty good size too.For lunch, I had a pair of one of  my personal favorites; the Caesar Salad and Chicken Fingers. The $10.95 poultry dish has five boneless breast battered to a golden brown. I also get a choice of dipping sauce, in which I chose the Bleu Cheese.  And the $6.95 Caesar Salad was tasty with salad dressing and the colorful green color of the Romaine lettuce. My salad: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=DB-rVyekCYtrN03DP04YOgMy chicken fingers: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=J5I8LRVYbemBdph4mHJdNAI also had a glass of Arnold Palmer (1/2 Lemonade & 1/2 Iced Tea) with free refills too. What a refreshing way to beat the desert heat!My drink:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=rdK6ulY-Eutca40HxQs8LQWhile my food were being prepared, complimentary dish of buttery popcorn were serve. I can smell even the popcorn popper all over the facility. The popcorn also tasted good in my salad too. You should try that/ Popcorn: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=xBfvl0agZUXeadGhxsSmOwI had a great seat in a booth right across from the bar where I can watch ESPN and CNN on the TV at the bar. Also Ernesto, the hustling bartender/waiter, took my order and serving my needs. My seat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7xXaO9deBDh_dd0JQjA-Qg?select=-qApaquDlMupSBQltdpL2wThe restaurant were also playing musics from the 80's, including Duran Duran's "Hungry like the Wolf." Indeed, my appetite was like a wolf.  My experience from this location is a positive one.  The only downfall is that the dessert case is smaller than the other locations. Just the perfect size to display the monsterous "Motherlode Cake."
4	Excellent place for lunch and/or dinner. I had the Macadamia Nut Crusted Halibut and was full before I could finish the plate! The atmosphere is family oriented but also has low light booths. Price wise it's good considering it's in the heart of Town Square and it's Las Vegas!!
4	I would describe the food here as Modern Comfort food. I had Halibut fish and chips which was delicious. The fish wasn't over or undercooked and had just enough crunch. The BF had the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sweet Potato, which was AMAZING. It was a huge sweet potato filled with Jamaican jerk chicken and veggies. Everything was very flavorful. For dessert we had the Chocolate Chip Calzone. OMG, so good! Very filling though, we shared it between 3 people and still couldn't eat it all. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. I suggest going here on a very empty stomach.
3	I was here last night for a launch event. We had appetizers (spinach dip, quesadillas, nachos and flatbread pizza). All were yummy. Most of the apps were slathered with cheese so if you're into that kind of food, Claim Jumper is your place to be. I enjoy such indulgences once in a while. I've been here once before with friends for dessert. Their English Toffee Cake (with vanilla ice cream) has to be hands down the best cake I have ever had. I'm not exaggerating. I've had lots of cakes. The service here is also impeccable. Wait staff is very friendly and accommodating. They also have a vegetarian menu. All in all, this is not a place I would frequent as I am partial to local establishments that serve slightly healthy fare but having said that, these guys do have tasty food and a great cake.
5	Good old comport food at a reasonable price, family friendly. Very large portions.
5	When you are at the Town Square location, Heather is one of the bartenders and is absolutely fabulous.  Grab a seat in the bar area and she'll give you excellent service!
3	I just had dinner with a group friends, and with all of us being as original as we are, we all decided to be cheap and get the 4.75 california quesadilla. Little did we know, we all asked for chicken, and when the bill came for the table, we were all charged 11.95 for the chicken quesadilla! How were we supposed to know?! Our waiter was the nicest guy in the world, but he gave us little tips on what foods to choose.Customer service wise, great people who love to help, but you would have to ask! Come to this restaurant with an extremely empty stomach because two people can share one plate it seems!
3	Upon the recommendation from a friend, we headed here to consume our final calories before the big half-marathon/marathon. Looking at the menu beforehand, I was under the impression that this was another chain restaurant with a large menu. After dining here, my impression is basically the same, although I'd say Claim Jumper is a step above some of those other chains you'd visit.To fuel myself for the race the following day, I decided to order the lighter portion of the black tie chicken pasta and a small green salad. My friend dined on a steak, mashed potatoes and veggies.The alfredo sauce on the pasta wasn't all that great, but the blackened chicken mixed in with the pasta was pretty tasty.  My friend enjoyed her steak plate as well.Looking around at other diners, they definitely seemed to be enjoying the desserts, which I think is more of the appeal of the restaurant, although we didn't partake in any of them. The chocolate cake looked ridiculously good though, as did the eclair.I'd say, if you're in the area, not a bad option, but not necessarily a meal to search out either, unless you're craving a humongous dessert!
3	Upscale Applebees?  I wouldn't know any other way to describe this place to someone.  Was in TSq for a movie and Brio was packed so we gave this place a shot.  Famous for their portions and general apathy for  human beings sodium/fat/calorie intake...my wife was excited.  I got the steak and bean chili in a sourdough bowl which also came with 2 more pieces of bread for $10.  Exactly what I wanted and it totally hit the spot for a relatively cold Vegas evening.  My wife for some reason opted for the filet mignon.  I am totally against getting steaks at places like this unless they're dirt cheap since they would never ever compare to the greatness of so many steak places we've been to.  This wasn't cheap but $25 for everything (salad, sides, bread) was doable.  Everything on her dish was ok but the zucchini sticks were really good and went well with the beer.  I didn't know they sold their own beer.  I had 2 large glasses of the red ale and thought it was great.  I could've gone for another if we had time.  If we're back here...I think I would just opt for the bar and appetizer type food.  But then Miller's Ale House is a 2 min walk from here so I probably won't be back....maybe if we're with friends that have kids.
5	ravioli=yumchicken fried steak=yumstrawberry lemonade=yumclaim jumper=love in my book!wow, i wish i had discovered this place sooner!  i shared the chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy, along with an order of their seasonal butternut squash ravioli, with my bff.  it was fantastic!  i stuffed myself silly!  and the prices, although not dirt cheap, were reasonable and the portions big.  with some entrees they do a regular sized portion (which is big) and for a few dollars more you can get a bigger portion (which in my chicken fried steak case turned out to be double!).  it was all very filling and tasty and totally up my alley.  their strawberry lemonade was good too!  the only downer was that we were so stuffed we couldn't order a piece of that monster sized chocolate cake (which is the equivalent of three huge slices!).  on top of everything we had the most super friendly helpful waiter who made out meal that much better!  kudos to claim jumper!  they made a fan outta me!
4	Love this Claimjumper! I visit lovely Las Vegas quite frequently for work and whenever the boyfriend tags along and we have a car, we always hit up the Claimjumper for a tri tip dinner and a chocolate chip calzone dessert. This location can get pretty busy so call ahead and make a reservation. Also the saloon is pretty small so don't bank on sitting there and having a drink while you wait. Great service and friendly staff. We are loyal fans.
3	Awww a place to come to our rescue when the company was in dire need of Jager and Red Bull.  It was a rough weekend and we needed to take the edge off...alcohol, comfort food, and a listening ear to vent to.This Claim Jumper is in Town Square so probably sees a lot of business, however, on this late afternoon it was pretty empty.  And while all the others were seated quietly in the main room, we were welcomed to sit at the bar tables...they must have already known. LOLOur waitress was attentive and though clearly watched how much we were drinking, also didn't complain or give dirty looks when we tended to get a little loud.  Just kept giving us whatever we needed...love great service!!  Thanks for coming to our rescue, it was exactly what we needed! ;0)
4	Came here for happy hour since Brio was so packed and we were in a rush!The bar was empty, which can sometimes be a bad thing, but in this case it was good. I ordered the margherita pizza, my bf ordered the chicken wings and fried zucchini, and my brother ordered the bbq chicken pizza. The pizzas were $4 each, the wings were $5, and the zucchini was $3. We all just ordered water since we had to drive to the Venetian shortly after. The food came pretty quickly and it looked tasty. I tried the zucchini first and it was yummy. Even my brother liked it and he hates veggies! I tried my pizza and it was decent. It was pretty small, but it hit the spot. The wings looked good, not too saucy or anything. My brother's bbq chicken pizza must've been good because I only saw it when the waiter brought it over and the next time I looked the whole thing was devoured! All in all 4 stars, for their quickness, good food, and cheap prices.
4	I would say 3.5 stars but gave them a 4. I come here a lot for lunch. My coworkers love this place. It's good, but not awesome. Large portions great service, widow maker burger good. chicken pot pie good. fish and chips wasnokntoo me ... i think the portion was too large and i was tlking too much ... felt a littly oily for me ...but its fried food :), The seared ahi was relly good and i also like the loaded baked potato. The menu has a lot of choices.
4	I've been alive and well for a very long time. There are a lot of things that I've seen and done. I've experienced a lot of first time events and I'd like to share one with you all.Earlier this month, my girlfriend and I visited Las Vegas and we picked up a taxi to take us to Town Square. Our driver was a friendly guy and he mentioned that Town Square was very nice place and that he and his wife always eat at Claim Jumper every time they go. He even made sure to mention that he always orders the meat loaf.We don't have a Claim Jumper in Hawaii and the name made me instantly curious. We made our rounds at the mall and we stopped in Claim Jumper to have lunch. Our server was a friendly guy and he made sure to stop by our table often to check up on us. He made some suggestions about the menu and away we went. This is what we ordered.-Meatloaf. For the first time, I took a recommendation about food from a taxi driver. This meatloaf was awesome. It was better than my mom's and please don't tell her that. It was juicy, tender and tasty. It came with some awesome mashed potatoes and asparagus. -Shrimp stuffed jalapeno. Wow. These guys were huge. And tasty. And awesome. We got the six piece order and should have gotten the four. Someone could easily order the four and have that as a meal. -New England Clam Chowder in a Bread Bowl. This is what my gf ordered. Now, I"m not a fan of clam chowder but the one they serve here is pretty damn good. The food here is awesome and so is the service. I wish they had one where I live because the menu is so diverse and there's a ton of stuff that I'd love to try. So upper management of Claim Jumper if you're reading this, consider it a hint.
2	Claim Jumper used to be our favorite place to eat.  Notice I said "used" to be.  Recently they were purchased by Landry's and now everything has changed just a little bit--but not for the better!  My husband's favorite thing to order was prime rib with a side of fried zuchini, a chopped bleu cheese wedge salad and garlic cheese bread.  My favorite thing was the onion rings!!  They had the best breading...but NOT anymore.  The prime rib is now gone off the menu, the garlic cheese bread is nothing to write home about, and the bleu cheese wedge is also gone.  They changed the zuchini and onion ring breading to a more floury, flaky recipe...and it was already perfect.  We ate there today for lunch, and Brad said he is never going to eat there again.  I eat there typically on Wed for a playdate with my son...but since the change, we have started searching for other venues.  My friend Laura used to order a salad off of the lunch menu.  When she ordered it they would ask if she wanted Jamaican style chicken or grilled.  The last time she ordered it they didn't ask...and she didn't notice, but figured out when she was done with her meal.  She said, I knew something was different, they didn't put chicken on it.  We then checked the price, and it was the same price...but now without chicken.  I have one phrase for you CJ--"if it ain't broke, don't fix it!"One last thing, the service is still great...they just can't be as confident about the food as they used to be!
1	Dear Claim Jumper,I did not want offer a rating to you at this time however it is a requirement so I am giving you an "Eek! Methinks not" as I was unable to get past the order portion of our dining experience and had to vacate your premises.  Let me just say that I have enjoyed your establishment for quite some time.  As a very picky eater it is a difficult world out there dining wise so when my husband says.  "Let's go to Claim Jumpers" a sparkle appears in my eye.  That sparkle is now gone.  I have noticed recent changes to your establishment menu wise but I could always rely on my Chicken & Biscuits meal to bring a smile to my face and satisfaction to my taste buds.  Imagine if you will your grandmother telling you she is no longer making her famous meatballs or McDonalds saying they no longer are serving Big Macs.. that is how I felt when our server advised me you are no longer offering the Chicken & Biscuits meal.  I realize it was an "off the menu" item but how can the delicious golden brown flaky chicken and warm melt in your mouth biscuits get their fair chance at a coveted menu spot when they are not promoted.  I am therefore petitioning that Chicken & Biscuits officially replace Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes under the "Favorites" portion of your menu.  Oh jeez I forgot to mention the best part.. the Chicken & Biscuits also comes with mashed potatoes and gravy.  Unless you are in a nursing home who eats meatloaf at a restaurant anymore?  Please I am asking as a Yelp newbie that the community unite.  Together we can make a difference.  Until then I can no longer call Claim Jumpers my restaurant friend.
2	Pretty bad experience.  For starters, they eliminated my favorite starter: the Nachos.  Claim Jumpers had the best Nachos around and now...they dont.Our experience didn't get any better.  We waited nearly 15 minutes just to get two cokes.  We waited another 15 minutes before the server (bartender) decided to come out from behind the bar and actually take our orders.  He was too busy having a good time, apparently telling jokes with his bus boy buddies.The pizza I ordered was awful....much worse than somethiing that wouldl show up at my front door from a Pizza Hut order.  The rest of the food was good so Claim Jumpers gets two stars instead of 1 but it's safe to say I will never be going back to Claim Jumpers again.
4	The Lady craved the Whiskey Glazed Chicken as we drove away from the house and still hadn't decided where we were going to eat. So she say's "Miller Ale House, or Claim Jumper?" I hate picking, because she's pregnant and I don't want to pick the wrong one, and I'll find something to eat pretty much anywhere so it's her choice. We decide on Claim Jumper, and I was happy to oblige her craving.We walk in on Saturday night at about 815 and go into the bar and sit at one of the booths.  A plus that we pulled up and a car pulled out of one of the spots right in front of the entrance, so we pulled in and noticed there was still 15 minutes left in the meter.  +1.  A cute server promptly brought us waters and a couple menus and asked how we were doing this Saturday night. so +1 for friendliness.We scoured the menus and she had already decided what she was getting, so it took me just a minute to find my country fried steak which is almost always what I get at a place like this. (Mimi's, Applebee's, Chili's, etc). We ordered and asked her opinions of the two items we got and she said they are both excellent, the chicken was bone-in and the country fried steak was GINORMOUS and that it's the size of the plate. (there is a light version of you don't want to eat the plate size portion).  If you've been to Claim Jumper you might know how big the plates are here. The food was spot on for me. The lady was disappointed in the chicken, it used to be 3 or 4 chicken breasts with the glaze and apples all over the meat, now it's a big breast/thigh piece with a million bones and by the time she was done she had a pile of bones and skin bigger than the actual amount of chicken she consumed, it was a pain in the a** picking all the chicken off and it's wasted pounds by serving it bone-in. But knowing about the restaurant industry a little, we understand with the economy slowish, it's cheaper for restaurants to buy bulk whole pieces like this instead of pre-made breasts ready to serve. Each came with a choice of side, I got the bacon mac n cheese and she got the baked potato. Both were really good, it's pretty tough to mess up a baked potato and the mac was nice, nothing amazing, but good. The steak was huge, she wasn't kidding, I can eat and I barely finished half of it, but it's nice cause now I have leftovers and leftover country fried steak is delicious.  She said the chicken had a good taste and the apples hit the spot.I had a beer and we split a cup of french onion soup. Bill was $44 + tip which isn't bad considering we both brought food home. Soup was a little ridiculous priced, $5 for a little cup no matter how good it is is stupid, and the beer was $4.75 for a domestic bottle so that's a little high too.  All in all we had a nice dinner out. The place wasn't loud and annoying, the service was spot on and she did a great job so we tipped her well, and the food was very solid.4 solid stars! thanks CJ!
3	The gimmick of this establishment lies in the ridiculous portion size. One meal at Claim Jumper can feed two people easily. With the relative low cost, this place is great for big families. At one time, I truly enjoyed this place. Now, not so much. The food is nothing special. I came here with a friend that prefers American food, so we stopped by after he got off work. Navigating the menu for something light can be difficult due to my introductory paragraph. For those who are cautious about what they eat, during lunch time they do offer a cup of soup and a salad or half a sandwich and salad. I decided on the former. Opting for the French onion soup and California citrus salad, it was enough to fill me without making me feel sluggish. The soup was salty, but the crouton and melted cheese helped mellow it down. The salad was delicious. The mixture of Mandarin orange slices, cranberries, candied walnuts, avocado, and lettuce tossed in a citrus vinaigrette is wonderful on a hot day. The salad is a nice blend of sweet, tart, and creamy. Usually it comes with bleu cheese, but I find the flavor overbearing, so I asked for mine without. The combo comes with your choice of bread; you can choose between corn muffin, blueberry muffin, cheese toast, or a sourdough biscuit. I chose the corn muffin. They are large, but dry. With the butter they provide, it probably would have been more moist, but usually corn bread is rich enough.The service here is simple, neither remarkable or contemptible. When we needed refills, they were taken care of.
2	We came here on a Friday night and were annoyed from the beginning.  We prefer tables over booths and was told we would have to wait at least a half hour for a table but could be seated immediately at a booth.  I said okay and put our name in - I could see in the background however that there were tables were available. We waited it out and were seated about 20 minutes later.  I also didn't appreciate the hard sell tactics by several members of the staff to join their membership perks club - why pay $25 up front just to get the $25 back later in a gift card.  Most of the restaurants they were promoting are not even offered in Vegas.The timing and temperature of the food was not good either - we ordered a appetizer of garlic cheese bread for the table which came out quickly but was barely lukewarm and the marinara sauce served with it was cold.  It took another 30 minutes for the soups / salads which would have been great but not even five minutes later - out came the entrees.  My food was all cold but if I would have returned it - everyone else would have been waiting on me and we had a movie to catch.I believe this location gets more tourist traffic than other locations - they just don't seem to care here.  We will just go to the Green Valley and Summerlin locations from now on.
5	The best happy hour in Las Vegas, from 3pm to 7pm they have half price drinks and some of the food menu items half price, this works great for me because my husband gets to drink while I shop for half price! LOVE IT!
3	Came here on an afternoon for lunch, and the service was pretty fast and efficient since their lunch hours aren't all that busy. Their portions are filling, and you have flexibility as to how you want something cooked or prepared (no butter on veggies, cooked blackened, etc.) Our server was fairly attentive to our needs, and their portions are easily sharable among a large group (which is recommended).
3	I was a bit reluctant to try this place based on a few of the reviews posted here, But i decided to give it a shot anyway. And am I glad i did!, this place was awesome! The staff was very pleasant and attentive.. Food was very good and very hot, Fresh out of the kitchen. Started with an order of the Calamari that was on par with the best i have ever had. Then ordered the Chicken Fried Steak for the main course and wow it was great! The wife ordered the Chicken Tender Dinner that was also fresh and delicious.. Ended it all with some Cream Cheese Pie that was simply amazing.. Only waited about 5 minutes for a booth as i don't like to sit in the middle of the dinning room at a table..
4	June 20th 2011Ordered:Fish TacosI've been here numerous times just this year... figured it's time to actually review it.  Am I am fan?  Most definitely.. Why else would I keep coming back?Pros:  Another familiar chain at the Town Square.  What an awesome location!  Very good happy Hour.  Cheap Eats doesn't always mean subpar food.  Friendly staff.  Every time I have came staff always engage in convo.  Flat Screens throughout the bar.  There isn't a bad seat in the bar.Cons:  Chips were stale.  What a disappointment.  The entire bar area had a popcorn smell.  Verdict:  Okay, so my chips were stale, but overall this is an awesome place to go eat... especially during happy hour.  Even when you are not in the bar and are eating here, it's really good.  If you've never been to a Claim Jumpers, make sure to check it out!  The portions are gigantic and the quality of the food is pretty impressive in my opinion.  I haven't had anything that I didn't care for (aside from the stale chips).  I'd definitely come again.Tips:  Looking for cheap eats and a place to catch sports? Look no more !  Do not eat at the bar early lunch... they make popcorn and the whole bar area smells of its scent.  It was messing with my taste buds.  If I want popcorn I'll go to Rave.  Come during happy hour.  Everyone often goes to Yard House (which is also good for happy hour, but is extremely crowded).  Claim Jumpers is less crowded.  Order the Fried Zucchini... Definitely one of my Favorites !!
4	Go for it!If you are hanging around Town Square and all the popular bars like Yard House and Cadillac Bar are all busy, then check this place out for sure!1.  Parking - okay parking at town square is very urban which means a bit of a walk. For you urbanites it is short and sweet. For the suburbanites it is what??? You kidding me I gotta walk?2.  Food -  Good ole american cuisine. Ribs pasta chicken steak pot pies and meatloaf!3.  Desserts- huge motherlode chocolate cake it is decadent!4.  Service -  Excellent and well trained. Personable from host to servers to all the assistants!5.  This is for-  huge parties !  They have the ability to seat large partiesI really like this place as a casual place for families and big groups!Check it out!
4	Where is Diane Sawyer when I need her? I have an exclusive breaking news report. This past Friday I witnessed a miracle at Claim Jumper. As you know I had boycotted Claim Jumper ever since I was informed they no longer felt the need to offer my favorite item THE Chicken & Biscuits.  So low and behold a family gathering had requested my presence at CJs.  I'm looking over the menu and I still have anger in my heart because although they have sandwiches and burgers nothing sounded good to me when low and behold I hear rumblings and cheers coming from the other end of the table.  All of a sudden I thought someone was playing an evil trick on me because I thought I heard that they DO have chicken and biscuits.  Sure enough our waiter advises me that they have always offered it off the menu.  I could not believe I had been deceived for months but very excited to rekindle my relationship with my favorite menu item.. So excited!!  So when my meal came it was a little altered from what I remember but the main components didn't disappoint.  So when in the mood for a ton of cluck that doesn't suck head on down to Claim Jumper and remember if your server tells you no ask for a second opinion.  :). Until next time my friends.
4	Claim jumpers Is the nicest and has the best service than all the other chain restraurants I've been to. It also has less screaming children than CPK, and by less I mean NO screaming children... Claim jumpers has a GREAT happy hour from 3pm to 7pm Mon-Fri... good sized drinks, try the sliders and the irish nachos.
4	Happy hour between 3-7pm is THE BEST deal ever!!! My husband and I ordered bottomless chips&salsa, chicken wings, mini pepperoni pizza, burger, bacon cheese fries, small Caesar salad and 2 beers(of course we couldn't finish em all...). They are all under the happy hour menu.  The best part? Our bill was under $30!! I think the burger was $7 but everything else on the happy hour menu is like $3 and $4. And the portion isn't bad at all. Mini pizza was like kids size 4 pieces pizza, but burger was big like regular burgers! We loved the deal.I put 4 stars in stead of 5 because the happy hour menu is only available at bar area, and we had a baby with us and wish we could sit at dining area. But we went around 4:30pm on weekday so it wasn't too busy, we had good service and yummy food. Would love to go there again :)
5	Happy Birthday Dinner to my baby!!! May your 3rd birthday be enjoyable at dinner and the "Maze Park".
5	Great trip tip dip sandwich. I'll come back anytime for that.
4	Went on a Friday night and was quickly seated.  Server was attentive, helpful and his recommendations were well received :-) had the parm garlic pretzel bites, margirita pizza and quesadellia Requested that quesidllia be made with flour instead of corn and were made to order without a problem.All food was YUMMY!
4	Happy Hour....$2- soft pretzels with gooey cheese$3- bud light, bbq mini pizza, asian spicy chicken wings$4- blue moon, calamaritotal check $20 + some change....... ughh is there any room to complain?! i think not!!!
2	Dissappointed..I used to cherish my visits at this restaurant. I craved the Potato soup!Now that they have switched owners, they have made many changes for the worse. The soup was curdled, lacked flavor and potatoes. The pot pie was extremely dry! I will stick to the other places at town square.
3	We ordered for our property Christmas dinner.  The appetizer's were good, except for the artichoke, it was just a roasted artichoke, lol  I was expecting a dip, but what ever.  The egg rolls, the fried zucchini, and fried cheese was good.   My steak.....I got the Rib eye, I was very disappointed in it, it just came with mashed potatoes, and some cheese bread!   I understand we were talking it to go, and all of it might not have been hot......But just down right cold!   Yea, we were pretty disappointed in the take out.  Not sure If I will ever go back.
4	As long as Claim Jumpers have been around, this is actually my first time trying this place. Our company decided to throw our Xmas party here and  since the check is on them, you know damn well I was gonna order the most expensive plate just for the hell of it.The service was very good but I can't really judge how different it would have been if I came here individually.  Its already a given that the service would be good since it was a company party willing to spend hundreds that night, so I can't really judge it fairly because of the situation. The dish I ordered was the roasted tri-tip. I must say, it was juicy and full of flavor. Came with mash potatoes and fried veggies. Overall, its as good as it gets compared to the other tri-tips I've had in the past.For dessert, I ordered the brownie finale. It was soft, topped with melted chocolate on top and vanilla ice cream. It was very good  and if I wasn't such a diet freak, I would have finished the whole thing instead of just half of it.  I recommend this as a good place to eat with the family or a date. Best that you come at night if you dont like crowded restaurants.Wow my first serious review without joking around.
4	Our Christmas Luncheon on friday was held here. I chose this place for our family of companies, for a few good reasons (plus they didn't want to to go on the Strip): excellent food (everything is good), large generous portions, reasonable prices, and dependable restaurant chain with upscale rustic cabin decor/theme. And the multi-layered chocolate cake is delish (I'm not a chocoholic but I can still appreciate it)- but everyone was full, so we didn't get dessert (unsmiley face). I'm very familiar (appetizers, turkey sandwich, soup bowl, salads, etc.) with this restaurant chain (my old boss would take me here a lot). There are three locations (summerlin, henderson), and I've been to all three, now. There were less than ten of us in our party. We shared the appetizer combo- onion rings (dusted with parmesan cheese- nice surprice, very yummy), chicken wings, artichoke, mozzarella sticks (huge, very good, one stick was enough!) on top of carrot and celery sticks accompanied with three sauces. Most of us chose entree from the Lunch Menu. I had the lunch size chinese chicken salad- came with a garlic cheese toast (my favorite thing here). I don't get this salad much because there are only two places that do this salad any justice, and this is my favorite place to get it! Even though, it's the lunch size, it's still pretty generous! It had the right amount of cilantro, and dressing- the chicken was on top, and the salad was mixed very well, too. It was yummy, but I couldn't finish it. Two people got the beef tips, that came with a generous amount of steamed vegetables. One person got the fish and chips- large plate! It looked enticing- I haven't had that in such a long time too (hmm, debating on getting this on christmas eve. One person got the rotisserie chicken with sweet potatoes. Funny story, one person in our party never had artichoke, so we ordered another one. Some people needed boxes for the rest of their food. We had a huge table (could barely pass things to people on the other side of the table), and it was in the center of the room- it wasn't crowded for lunch, but maybe because this is a large restaurant, it just looked like that to me. The service was excellent. We all got refills without asking. We all enjoyed the luncheon very much. Some of us parked in front of Whole Foods, and some of us parked in back of H & M- either way, it was nice to get some walking in (even in the wind), with all the calories we took in!  Also, a bonus is that I'm a Landry's restaurant member, and I can rack up points at all the restaurants (Bubba Gump, Rain Forest Cafe, Claim Jumper, Chart House), but no, did not use my card at this time. But will definitely be back again here again, and yes, to rack up more points too.
4	Four adults and two children today for lunch.  Have nothing to complain about, as service was great and our food just about perfect for what we ordered.  Kids meals of corn dogs, and macaroni & cheese.  YUM!  Two chicken pot pies (one had the chicken a little too well done which left it sort of tough), the other one, perfect.  I had a cup of French Onion Soup and an artichoke.  Seems I can't get past their grilled artichokes whenever we eat here.  Delicious!  In fact that is one of the main reasons I love to eat here.  As stated before, service was very good with everyone being so attentive and we will definitely be back!
2	not what i remembered it being as a kid and more then likey i will not be going back.
4	I had never heard about this place before. We were looking for a place to eat and ended up asking one of the security guys for a recommendation. He recommended Claim Jumper for the best price - value deal. We opted for the bar area, because we didn't want to wait. There was only one server responsible for the entire bar area and so the service was a little slow. She was still very friendly but you could notice that she was a little stressed. I also tried one of their darker drafts. It had really good strong flavors, which I love in a beer. But unfortunately I cannot remember the name anymore. I had the Original Tri-Tip Dip, which is according to their menu description "Slow-roasted and simmered in French onion broth with caramelized onions, roasted pasilla peppers and smoked gouda on a French roll with au jus or sweet BBQ sauce" - O.K. I think this says it all. This sandwich was delicious. My husband ended up eating more of mine than his own food, which was one of the burgers. There is no Claim Jumper close to where we live, but if we were in that area again, I'm sure I will consider going back there.
3	Lunch was great.  I like this place in general, but I am not that impressed with the prices.  The lunch specials are worth the trip.  The kids menus are good.  Had a great sandwich and soup combo.  The reason for the three stars is that there are so many place in Town Square to choose from, this place does not stand out.IMO, one highlight of this place is that my husband LOVES the meatloaf.  It is better than average and if you have a desire for it, then it is worth the trip.
5	This is one of the best place to have a decent cheap meal in Vegas, if u go on the happy hour u can't go wrong, its 3 to 7 , 2 tacos or sliders for 3 was a killer deal, couple of those alone would be a meal. I think the happy hour is only at the bar area though. Me and a couple of friends went there and had a bunch of stuff. The Willow maker burger was a good deal for 7 on the happy hour menu. The chicken pot pie was creamy and delicious also the beef kabob's were a decent with roasted veggies.  Overall everything that we ordered were pretty good not disappointed at all. They also have a huge menu with lots of different things to try, so i will definitely be back to try some other things on the menu. Or at least for some cheap happy hour burger shots.4 people ate for about 70 bucks not bad and it was a bunch of food,
2	Why can you only get Happy Hour at the bar?  Just because I want to eat I don't deserve a special drink price????  Your food is not that great anyways, deserts are very good. Sorry, no interest in going back.  Should have let me order a cheap whiskey to kill the taste of your taco's.
4	Love the environment here! The shopping and movies are right next door. The food is home-cookin' at its best!
3	This is the first Claim Jumper we've tried. We came here for a light dinner. My husband got a stuffed baker (a giant baked potato loaded with chicken and veggie), and I got a caesar salad. The food was good. My salad tasted fresh and the dressing was good (not too sour which I like it). My husband enjoyed the giant potato and he liked how the chicken was cooked and its flavor.The atmosphere is relaxing and the service was good. The server was courteous and sincere. We felt comfortable dining there and the place was clean. We will come back to try some other items. My husband wants to try the chicken pot pie next time.We also like its location too as it's located right in Town Square.
4	Large portions, great for family and friends but not a place to go to when you're alone. My friends and I went here in February 2011 for one of our friends' 18th birthday. Before we all met up, I decided to check the place out first and asked if they had any special giveaways to birthday celebrants. The hostess took down my name and the celebrant's name saying they had just the right surprise in mind for him. Upon entering, you'll see antler chandeliers hanging from the ceiling which I thought brought in a very American vibe. We ordered the Widow-maker burger with a side of macaronni and cheese. My galpal and I shared the burger and you could only assume how big it was by now because none of us were able to finish our portions. Another friend ordered the club sandwich set and another one ordered the chicken souffle (I forgot what it was called) It all tasted great and had us stuffed.By the time our waiter noticed that we were done, he lighted a candle and placed it on a red velvet muffin, egging us to sing a birthday song for our friend - which kind of embarrased him, not that it mattered. We were all happy campers and if another opportunity arises in the future, I would take a large group of people with me for a day out to lunch.
3	I used to like Claim Jumper more. If you're hungry and come here, the food is usually good and you'll probably still take something home which is nice and this is why I'm giving 3 stars. The service is lacking big time regardless of restaurant location. They seem to have kitchen timing issues or something...the food for the whole party never comes at the same time, ever. Not the brightest waiter either - it came to the point where we were betting on the next dumb thing he'd do.
2	My girlfriend and I stopped in here for something to eat before a movie. We usually would hit Yard House but weren't in the mood for crowds. This place just gets worse every year. I have been to Claim Jumper about 20 times at various locations. I used to think it was great when I was in high school, but the older I get, the more I realize that chain restaurants are just awful. I ordered a cup of the cheesy potato soup because it's really my favorite thing on the menu. They get one star for consistency because it always tastes the same and always hits the spot. I ordered fish tacos. My gf ordered Parmesan crusted chicken and pasta. My fish tacos came with rice, I asked for fries instead. When the food came out, there were less than a handful of fries on the plate. O_o The fish tacos LOOKED good, but when I bit into one, I realized that the fish was LITERALLY the size of a small fish stick. One tiny fish stick inside a large tortilla shell with a ton of cabbage and a pretty tasty chipotle sauce (the only good thing about them). I couldn't believe how small the fish was. Ridiculous. Ashley's pasta and chicken was just okay. This will probably be my last time visiting any Claim Jumper. It just isn't worth it. For $35, we could get a substantially better meal elsewhere. I really hope Claim Jumper reads their reviews and figures it out!
3	The food was no more than average at best in my opinion. I ordered the pasta with the friend shrimp in it and it's was soooooo oily and greasy that I couldn't really enjoy it. My bf described his mini sliders as dry and flavorless. However I must say that the service was excellent. The waitress was friendly, happy, helpful, and checked in on us at the perfect times. The hostess was friendly and the drinks were great while we were sitting at the bar waiting for our table.
2	Visit 8/5/12- Our last few visits at other Claim Jumpers have been less than adequate.  It seemed like the ingredients were being skimped on because the overall taste was nowhere close to the quality of their food 5 years ago.  Although this location was better then the one in Henderson and for sure the one in Summerlin, I doubt we'll be back unless I hear about some raving reviews.  Started off with the Lemon Pepper Zucchini.  Pretty good even though the batter would not stay on.  The ranch dressing was excellent though!  My husband ordered the Widow Maker burger which he said was good.  He ordered it with a side of the green beans-also good.  I ordered the Cobb sandwich which was a disappointment.  They no longer use a whole chicken breast-instead it was shaved cooked chicken, the avocado was skimpy and I did not taste the bite of blue cheese AT ALL!  The shoestring fries were good and the portion was large.  My niece ordered off the kid menu which had a great selection. She had pasta with an alfredo sauce, apples with caramel, and mandarin orange slices.  She liked her meal.  Service was great though.  The servers were very attentive and our orders came quickly.  I would give CJ 4 stars based on service alone but the quality of food has definitely regressed gradually the last few years...
4	During my check-in, I found that they have their wireless networks named Deadwood (my hometown) and Badlands (another South Dakota mainstay). I'm sold.I had a soup and salad lunch deal, and my dad had some kind of beef tips-mashed-potatoes-vegetable thing. Those veggies were intensely good. Yep, covered in butter, but that's probably why they were so intensely good. It was fast, which is what we needed, but man oh man, corporate Landry's has their stamp all over this place. Our server had the script down pat, and we heard her repeat it to several other tables, as well as another server repeat it to his tables. Nobody wants to join the dining club, okay? Corporations drive me crazy with their policy and upselling. That's the only reason I'm giving it less than 5 stars because we did have a good meal and a good experience here.
2	Tried the Claim Jumper during there happy hour.  Drinks were reasonably priced for happy hour.  The food was not very good tried the calamari, which must of been frozen because it was soggy and had a wierd smell to it.  And also tried the mini pizza.  The pizza was average, sauce and cheese  were good.  But nothing special i would go back for.  If not for the drink specials they would get one star.
4	Service and food was good. No real complaints. Ordered a Filet and was satisfied.
2	Wow this place has really seemed to go downhill the last couple times we visited over a period of about a year. They are Officially on our black list now. They can not for the life of them cook a MEDIUM Steak LOL it either comes out Black and Blue "Extra Rare" Rare Or Well Done.. Sad really.. Then when you ask them to refire it to medium it comes out very well done LOL Well now me and the wife are now Very Well Done with this place..
4	This has to be my favorite happy hour spot.It's pretty centrally located near and still far from The Strip. Easy for friends to come from work all over Vegas valley.Happy hour menu is varied from $1 salads to $4 sliders to $3 wines. All of $20 is enough to leave your tummy satisfied and/or drown you worries after a long day at work.I've eaten here for lunch a few times and their portions are pretty big. Their blacken chicken pasta is my favorite there.
5	Nice quality and delicious food, they are not stingy with their portions for the price. Ambience is nice and intimate even for a busy night. We had 3 children with us that all ordered Hi-C orange and they only charged us for one, and the refills kept on coming. Overall we had a wonderful experience and we will always come back :)
2	The food was ok but the service was pretty bad. Our server wasn't very professional and seemed annoyed with our big group of younger people, I don't blame him but at least try hiding it. Told  someone from our group never to grab a drink from the bar unless they wanted to get ignored the rest of the night, pretty balsy. Another girl from our group also asked if the burgers were thick in which he responded "yes like you" he's lucky she took it as a compliment!
3	This place came to my rescue twice while visiting Town Square. While I had planned to dine at Brio before a movie the wait time was about 75 minutes. That was beyond ridiculous for a quick dinner before a movie so my date and I ventured over to Claim Jumper (twice in one week). Service was great. Amber was eager to assist us and made sure we were taken care of before we could make any request.My date and I were craving something warm on a chilly evening. She got a Sourdough Clam Chowder bowl (8.99) and I got a Chicken Pot Pie (12.99). The servings were huge. They were so huge we ended up missing our movie because we were so stuffed! After the bread bowls, a CJ Punch, and a Coke we walked out with our wallets $31.21 lighter and so full from dinner we couldn't fathom sitting through a two hour movie.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 13/100Knowing what this restaurant has in store for special occasions, I made a prior reservation here and brought my parents to celebrate my mom's advance birthday after our first movie at the theater. We were quite the hungry Hannahs and contrary to our plan to share a couple of dishes, we picked an order each! Papa had the tenderloin tips served medium-well with a side of mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables presented in a decent portion for only $9.99. Meanwhile, mommy had the sandwich duo. This is a fun mix and match pickin'; you have a choice at half a sandwich (tuna albacore, cashew chicken, clubhouse, roasted turkey) with a side of either a salad or soup for only $7.99. She ordered the clubhouse with a side of potato cheddar soup (which was the bomb!) and an extra cesar salad which amounted to about $10 as well (not entirely sure about that) I, in turn, got myself the chopped steak. It's ground beef, almost bordering on thick beef patty, with a topping choice of either cheddar & tomato or glazed mushrooms and onions in burgundy sauce (I chose the latter) next to some mashed potato. I admit it was very filling, so much so I wasn't even able to take it all in. Before we ended, I buzzed our waiter a quick reminder about my mom's birthday and he came with their signature red velvet cupcake with a candle on top! She made her wish, blew the candle and commented that the service was pleasant and 'full of surprises'
2	Ambience was great. Restaurant was clean and awesome decor.  Food was good. Fish was dry or oily. The Tortalini was awesome so was the flat breaded shrip. Wowow!! Zuchini tasted like acid. Everything else was average. Service wasn't so great. Again. I have been here three times with friend. Each time its the same. The servers barely spend any time at table. Very impersonal. Which is okay if you meet the steps of service but they don't. Joe was our server this time. I don't really fault him because he was really trying to do a good job.  I was certain it was his first or second day but the manager told me he was their top server. Maybe just an off night.. My main suggestion to him would be to slow down.. with 4 tables you should be able to spend more time and talk to your guest more and more frequently. We looked for him many times but wasn't around. Server did not know menu. Food or drink. We asked for a miller lite.. he asked "on draft or bottle" we picked draft.. then came back to tell us they were "out" when I walked out I noticed there was no draft for miller lite. I can't say i have never done the same but after a few years in the service business I learned it is worth what it takes to know the menu to the best you can so you don't have to guess or lie. We asked about the flavor of one of the dishes.. he said he would ask the manager.. He should know the flavors of the food.. and all the employees should taste the food (free of charge to them) frequently. Food arrived at different times. (my biggest dining pet peeve). Sent an app back. Never saw it again. Showed up 20 minutes after we waved em down and asked for it. Same with fish. Table was unbussed through out. water went empty a couple of times, no biggy.Manager was aware of the many issues and really did nothing. I was surprised. When one of the guests at my table said their fish was bad.. he said "maybe you got a bad one, let us recook it" which is okay but really it would have been nice to be given the choice of a different dish. He seemed he wanted to do more but his hands were tied. The corporate big wigs should let them comp when things go wrong. .Then we would be back knowing it will be good in the end. you know?  I don't mind paying full price, at all, that's why I came.. even tipped good. But it's good to say "hey, were better than this, let us make it right."In the end, I liked the place and I'd still go back..
2	Food was OK, but the service sucked today. We have been to this Claim Jumper and the one in Henderson multiple times, but this place sucked today. Luisa, our server, seemed like someone pissed in her cheerios. We were the second group of people in the place. 2-3 other families got their appetizers before we did. Also, timing is key when eating at a restaurant. When our appetizers come out as well as our soup and salad, then 5-10 minutes later the main course come out. Seriously? We barely even got to finish. Claim Jumper has lost our business and we will never go back. Tip was less than 10% because of this service.
4	I've been going to this location for about three years now and I've usually been satisfied with the service. Only one recent brush with a waiter who was busy and seemed impatient.The food is good, not stellar, but the atmosphere is great and the happy hour deals keep you coming back.
2	Bad service can really ruin an otherwise terrific experience. Our Happy Hour Group in the bar yesterday  was treated very rudely by the server. He wouldn't tell us his name because in his words ' he gets a bad attitude when he's busy and didn't want to get into trouble. "  Refused to let us go to the bar to get things quicker, tried to take a chair from us that we were saving for a later arriving friend, never cleared dirty dishes or glasses, no refills offered had to chase him for service. It took 15 minutes for a food order to be placed.  I would have liked a second beer but he never came around to get a refill order. He told one guest that he hadn't ordered anything when he had. Blame the guest? Totally unprofessional and we expected better. Put name tags on your servers and let's have some accountability, okay?
1	THE WORST SERVICE AND FOOD!! We've enjoyed this restaurant in the past but this last visit was HORRENDOUS!! The restaurant was not busy and we were seated right away (about 7:30pm). We ordered an artichoke dip, country fried steak, and a lobster tail. We waited over half an hour for our meal. The lobster tail was dry, which could have been a result of it sitting under the warmer too long. We told the waiter and he got the manager to come check it out. He asked what we wanted and we told him we wanted another fired up. Surprisingly, he asked if we wanted more butter, as if that would have made the dry rubber lump any better.  After waiting another 15 minutes, our waiter asked if the new one was better. At that point, it was a rhetorical question because we didn't get it yet. He went to check on it and promptly brought it, which probably meant that it was sitting in the window...again.  We never got refills on our drinks and attention was sporadic for such a slow restaurant. The dip was ok, no artichoke flavor, and the CFS was ok also, but nothing special. The waiter was supposed to bring a box for our leftover muffin and bisquit, but he took so long that we just paid the check and left. We never even got a comp anything for our troubles.  Very disappointing. Most likely our last visit to Claim Jumper.   : (
4	Nice place, great location, awesome salads and a good service. What more do a hungry person need? ;)
4	Inside, the ambiance is very classy. The seats are organized and there is a lot of room between tables, which I love.Their salads are pretty bomb ass salads! The Ahi Salad and the BBQ Chicken Salad are my favorites. The service was pretty fast and we got our food right away. The strawberry lemonade is just okay--and it's a drink they make fresh everyday! Other than that, it was a really good experience.
5	Love to eat at Claim Jumper as a general rule, but this location is the best in Las Vegas.  Love the atmosphere at Town Square.  After you gorge on their huge portions, you can walk it off shopping and browsing the shops at Town Square.Claim Jumper is open daily for lunch and dinner, and offers a selection of freshly prepared items. My favorites are: rotisserie chicken, baby back pork ribs, pot pie, chicken fried steak and fried calamari.   Claim Jumper's baked goods and desserts are divine!  Got to try the Six-Layer Chocolate Motherlode Cake, I Declair,  and the Mud Pie. Their claim to fame is the huge portions.  Thankfully, they now offer smaller portions for those of us who are watching our waistlines.When we go to Vegas, this is on our list of "to eat at" places!
1	My visit was absolutely terrible! The restaurant had a wait and we were offered bar table seating. The waiter was extremely rude and seemed inconvenienced by my request to clean the table. I stood there 5 minutes until he even came over. After he cleaned the table he did not offer anything to drink. He simply walked away. My wife went to the restroom and her stall was completely out of toilet paper and the bathroom was a mess. My wife let the manager know but he didn't seem to care or apologize. As I waited for my wife all I can hear is the terrible waiter screaming across the bar to another waitress. Unprofessional. After 10 minutes of being ignored we decided to leave. I approached the same manager and let him know how disappointed I was in the experience. He didn't even seem to care. Not much customer service. Sad....this town lives off of service.
5	Cant go wrong with CJ.   Food is always good and staff is always amazing!
5	love the clam chowder soup in a sour dough bread bowl yummy
1	The awkward hostess greets my date I with "have you been helped? Well what do you need"  Undaunted I request a table for two. As she leads us to the equally awkward two top near the door we politely ask for a booth. At an off-puttingly slow pace she walks us to a nice booth by the bar. I eyeball the ahi tuna and spinach salad, it sounds so good I can almost taste it. My mouth watering, I start to eyeball all of the wait staff because we are approaching the 10 min mark without being acknowledged. As we start to get up to try one of the numerous other restaurants in town square, the bartender says "I was just coming over!"  We'll we were just leaving! She goes back to the conversation she had been having since we walked in the door with what appeared to be a coworker. In a town with thousands of restaurants and thousands of people looking for jobs it blows my mind that bad service is still an issue!*The names have been change to protect the pathetic.
1	Pretty terrible all the way around. The server came to our table at least 15 to 20 times it annoyed the crap out of me. The food took forever and when it came out everything was cold. I sent it back and still even then half the food was still cold. My girlfriend's order got all messed up as well.The manager comped our meal but really I won't be back after that experience. With my lunch being just butchered, it just put me in a bad mood.
1	I went into the bar at 12:15 asked to have the Angel game put in the TV. I ate lunch sat there with no drink refill, left at 12:50 they still didn't put the game on. I was the only person in the bar! Pathetic service
4	We had a great time here, the service was excellent and the food was great! The only reason I didn't give five stars is my sons steak was kind of bland! It was a good cut, nice size, just almost taste like they forgot to season it! But with a little A-1 he was a happy kid again!
3	I have to admit that I am not a fan of Claim Jumper, and I only eat here if someone invites me to. This location is very spacious and they have tons of seating available. The service was always fantastic the few times I have visited. Last time, I ordered a personal pizza (tomato & basil).. the flavor left a lot to be desired. I had asked if they could put mushrooms onto the pizza, which they did. However, these weren't your standard portobello. I actually don't know what it was and I didn't like the flavor so I picked them off. I can never find anything on their menu that I would love to try so I tend to settle for something :p
4	Bartender Louisa was great! Had the French onion soup and it was pretty good.
4	My kids sent us here for our anniversary and I gotta say it was pretty good.
4	Ok went here for my cheat meal.... Love their chicken tortilla soup and blueberry muffin. Had a salad too which was good. Everyone at the table loved the meal. The waiter was excellent and kept my drink full. One of the best things about this restaurant is that they give the kids free oyster crackers and a turkey cheese plate. For the little ones sometimes it's enough as comes with oranges and applesauce.
3	That's some great Meatloaf and Mashed Potatoes!! I'm so stuffed now!! Naptime is screaming my name that and it's 106 degrees... Aside from melting away..it's so hot!!!
4	I've been having Claim Jumper withdrawal since the ones by my home have closed down and the only one close by is 45 miles away in Irvine, CA.  I saw on yelp there was one in Vegas so we decided to come here since we are fans of CJ.I ordered the country fried steak . The portions were huge and on top of that, I got two. I only finished one. I did eat the mashed potatoes which were very good. I had to take the rest back to the hotel.Our waitress, Holly was very nice and gracious.  Excellent server. I will be back again on my next trip to Vegas to get my CJ fix again.
5	As always Claim Jumper has tons of choices and very large portions. The wait staff was wonderful. I just got a burger, but it was cooked to order and perfect.  Would I go back?  I always do.
5	My favorite Happy Hour by far!!! Their $2-$7 from 3p-7p EVERYDAY is to die for & there are so many options it's easy to switch it up each time I come here. This has become a place for me & my mother to enjoy time together while she is in town. My personal faves are the Tri-Tip Sliders, Fried Zucchini sticks & the BBQ chicken Pizza. You can definitely come here with $20 & get full real easily. This is a place I definitely plan on coming back to & spreading the word about their awesome food deals
5	Town square crazy !!! Vegas babyallways have a great time at CLAIM JUMPERS GREAT FOOD huge portions
1	My husband and I met my parents here for dinner and were sat at 8:05pm a few weeks ago. The young man that sat us made a remark that they were slow and our server Wendy(?) would be at our table shortly. He was correct that the restaurant wasn't busy. There were 3 servers bustling around (you'd think they had sections that were full, but each server had one or maybe 2 tables.  We sat there with our menus for about 10 minutes and finally someone took our drink order (not Wendy).  He drops off the drinks (2 waters and 2 sodas) and we still wait for Wendy to take our order. Every once in a while when I tried to make eye contact with any employee they rushed by us like we weren't even there. I was getting very irritated by the lack of service so far because we have always had great service when we have dined at this location. In fact, we already knew what we were going to order.  No one even acknowledged our table. My parents being old school didn't want to leave and just wanted to wait longer for a server. By then we had been sitting at the table for over 35 minutes. We got up and left. I have never walked out of an establishment. The host that walked us to our table opened the door for us and told us thanks for dining with them and I told him we didn't even eat and no one stopped at our table to even take our food order. He just snickered, waved and said "ok!" We ate somewhere else. I will never go back to this restaurant ever again.
2	Went there for a drink with friends. We wanted to sit in the bar area but every single table was dirty! We even asked the girl behind the bar if we could sit there when they were cleared but we waited 10 minutes and they still weren't clean!!! We almost walked out but decided to get a regular table. We talked to the hostess and told her that the tables on the bar were never cleaned. She didn't seem to care. Neither did the two gentlemen behind the counter in dress shirts and nice pants which appeared to be management. The regular table was clean and the drinks and appetizers were good. That's the only reason I give two stars.
2	Ate at Claim Jumper recently (week night, party of three).  We had 2 salads and a child's order of pasta.  We waited for well over 20+ min.On top of this, I had to ask our waitress 3 (three) times for juice and more dressing.Needs improving.
5	I had the loaded baked potato.  That was a meal itself.  Chicken and veggies are stuffed inside and and topped with melted cheese.  My mom had the jerk chicken sweet potato.  She said she liked it.  I had the raspberry cheesecake for dessert and that was delicious also.  I want to go back to try other things.
3	While in Vegas I was surprised to come across a Claim Jumper's while looking for some grub.  They pretty much closed the majority in SoCal except a few.The menu has changed.  They used to have quite an extensive menu but it's now been trimmed down although they still have the usual favorites (meatloaf, the motherload).  I went with a sirloin steak during my visit, nothing spectacular but good none the less.  Service was good and the outdoor mall is a very nice location.
5	Foods Amazing! There is barely ever a wait now that there are so many other restaurants in Town Square. The drinks are really good too!
2	Ugh! I'm so upset I gave Claim Jumpers my business!! I held a rehearsal dinner here and had a party of 40, I get its a lot, but it was also planned in advance. I called a month prior to make reservations and then picked a menu from the catering menu. The communication up until the time of my event was great! That being said I thought service would be amazing.. *rolling my eyes*My party & I arrived at the time which was discussed, we sat in the patio area. I was told the table would be all together. There were several 4 top tables through out the room facing different directions (not what I discussed but its fine)2 waiters were assigned to my party to assist us.. slow slow slow!1 person would order, they would go back and get it, another would order so on and so forth.The whole night lasted like this, example 1 person at the table would be getting their salad while the other one already ate theirs, and was half way through dinner.I got up spoke to a manger who assured me she would be able to steer the boat around and take control...Long story short, slow service (both servers and at bar), cold food, poor customer service.Only reason I would go back is to walk by when I'm in town square
2	Overall the food here is pretty good.  Nothing special, but good.  The reason for the two stars was the poor service.  I was part of a party of 14 people.  Todd, our waiter, was very slow getting drink orders.  Food came a bit faster, but there were many items missing.  Todd did not check on us very often either.  Took forever to get us our checks (which of course already had the gratuity added since were a big group) and then a very long time to get us our change.  It was just overall slow.  Won't go back.
4	Happy is the name of the game here. They have a pretty awesome happy hour and luckily, the hours aren't too limited, so I can actually make it in time. They also offer it on weekends and all day on Sundays during the football season. Sweet. I've always been a fan of Claim Jumper, one of the better chain restaurants around. Big portions and pretty tasty food. Desserts are good here as well. My fella's not a fan, so I don't get here too often, but it's always a food option for HH.
2	Came with 12 other friends and we were seated promptly but we didn't get menus. I had to go up to the front to get my own and one of the waiters just told me to take as many as I want and when he found out we didn't get any, he asked me for the ones I took because he "had to do something". Ordered the lighter option of the country fried steak and holy cow, it was still huge! It was good but nothing special. Came with mashed potatoes and a biscuit, both were basic. My friend just ordered a baked potato with sour cream and butter and she asked for more. Took about 15 minutes for the waitress to bring it out to her and she was almost finished with her $5 baked potato. My other friend ordered tenderloin tips and he said his plate was good and the vegetables were grilled nicely. A plus is that we were able to get separate checks.
4	They have an amazing Porterhouse here, great cut of meat and prepared just right. I think they fully understand the idea of med-well done. I don't like my steak still having a heart beat and they got it right. This is a really classy restaurant and their sides were delicious. Stuffed baked potato....yummy!
1	Ate there for the first time today. Long story short, we WALKED OUT after waiting forever for our food. Waitress seemed dopey and confused. Wouldn't return with all the other options at town square.
5	We recently moved to Vegas from South Carolina and were bummed to see that many of the better restaurant chains we were used to were not around in Vegas. A friend suggested to Claim Jumper and see tried it one night. We have been back several times since that visit. Great food, rarely a long wait, and great service. They even have this cool think called a baby plate for young kids to snack on to keep them occupied until their food com. That gives them the fifth star for me.
1	This place was awful. I don't know why we stayed. But we had to wait to be served for an hour. Also, to top it off our food was dry and the coconut shrimp over cooked. Disappointed.  Never coming here again. They didn't even give us a discount or complimentary anything. :( Zero stars for this restaurant.
4	I've eaten here several times and every time I do I'm never let down. The service is good and the food is good as well.  I love the creamy chicken tortilla soup and the California Citrus Salad.  No room for dessert today. However, my favorite is the Chocolate Mother Lode Cake! Six decadent layers of chocolate cake and rich chocolate fudge icing topped with walnuts. Enough to feed 4-5 people!  The meals are affordable.  http://www.claimjumper.com/printmenus/NSBCORE.pdf
1	This place was horrible. Claim Jumper use to be so good. It was like fresh home cooked food. I haven't eaten at a Claim Jumper in a couple years and now all the food is just bland. Taste like everything was frozen and processed. No where near the quality that it was the last time I was there. We couldn't even finish half the food b/c the entrees to 30 minutes to come out after we had already finished the appetizers and they seemed as if they were sitting under the heat lamp for a while to. Everything was all soggy and luke warm.  Definitely never going back there again. Save yourself time and money. Go to CPK or Brio right around the corner.
2	BBQ chicken salad was different, but very delicious, but the service was(how to explain) unsatisfactory. I was enjoying my plate and attempting to finish it all. The server comes around the corner and asks if I was done. I did not have half a second to answer and he just took the plate from the table. I was very shocked! I felt as he hated his job and so did the other male servers around the restaurant. My experience here was not enjoyable! I'd go to any other restaurant in town square, but this one ever again.
2	Abstract: Worst service within a twenty kilometer radius. Quite possibly the worst service -- dollar for dollar -- in the whole fucking town! As a rule I start disliking chains before I even step foot in them. Just a rule I maintain; maybe I am a hipster. Anyway, I have always felt that CJ sucked (probably because they do). And this particular location takes the cake. Be prepared for the slowest, most uninspired/lackadaisical 'service' known to humankind. This is almost so bad that one starts imagining that it is a hidden camera-'reality tv' show that one is an unknown party to. I am waiting to sign a fucking waiver at the end of my meal over here.One starts to ask oneself: "Is this going to be on TruTV or something? Hidden Camera-Secret Diner-Bad Bar-Restaurant Rescue-Storage crossover?" I mean: for fucks sake. Get your shit together!We have all been to hole-in-the-walls where you know you ain't getting crumbs brushed off the fucking table service. But this place ... this Claim Jumper is worse than any hole-in-the-wall I have ever been to. And I have been to Mejico (real Mejico, not Cancun or whatever the fuck). I said Mejico!Food sucks; service sucks; and I feel I am surrounded by so-called Yuppies on every occasion I go there. (Could be more of a Town Square problem.)Maybe I am a hipster. (*takes off non-prescription glasses to rub bridge of nose*) - E
3	The atmosphere is really nice. Town Square is a great place to go for a night out. The food was so-so. I ordered the steak kabobs. It was served without the skewer, but there was no evidence the meat and veggies had seen a grill. The onions were raw and there was no chared flavor to the meat (no seasoning either). My companions ordered the shrimp and ribs plate and a grilled chicken with pasta. The pasta looked like the tastiest choice. I would come back again, but would definitely order something else.
4	Wow!  I had Thanksgiving dinner here with a friend and then caught a movie at the AMC Theater.  They had a wonderful Thanksgiving menu.  I started with a green salad with Balsamic dressing and the croutons were ridiculous-so good!  Then I had the Turkey with mashed potatoes, stuffing and vegetables and it was too die for.  The desserts were typical apple and pumpkin pie and not that great, but by then I was full anyway!  The apple pie might have been better warm.  I had a glass of Merlot and my bill was 30.00 - well worth it!  It was really nice to walk around Town Center afterwards and look at the lights and the Christmas tree.  I will definitely make a point to come back!
2	Sat at the bar, although a bit busy for a Saturday, nothing you shouldn't be able to handle. Server/bartender didn't acknowledge us for 5 minutes, to which I had to clean my own place and remove the trash from the previous guest. We then ordered our beer, appetizer and entrees.... To which was ALL served at the same time (odd.... I didn't really want to eat all this food at the same time, but okay).  I ordered the Calamari to start with Coconut Shrimp Entree to follow. Calamari wasn't bad, sauce needed some help, but the squid was breaded nicely. Coconut shrimp was horrible.... Obviously frozen and neglected, the shrimp looked beat up and flat thin... Just a major turn off when the product is obviously frozen and stuck together via the fry cycle.... Not a good experience... I completely felt neglected during the meal as we were only recognized during the ordering and check closing.
3	Food has always been good but service leaves a lot to be desired. I never did get my full order of food, the waitress was very flighty. It was a busy Friday night but I would expect to get good service regardless.
1	Claim Jumpers is summarized best as quantity over quality. If you enjoy hilariously large portion sizes of bland food then this is the place you want to eat.
4	I avoided eating here because of its historically known giant portions.  That is no longer the issue.   Now, when I order there are actually healthy options like spinach Ahi salad with normal portions.  The mini pizza is really mini. The plates are big, but portions reasonable. The mother load cake is giant to be shared.  Nice happy hour drinks until 6:30pm. In town square mall. family of four $80 approx
5	Food was very good but this review is mainly for our service. Service from Andrew was awesome! He was very attentive and knowledgeable. His food recommendations were on point. I definitely recommend their happy hour! I could see why others had left mixed reviews on service because I noticed guest with other servers weren't really being attended to as much but thank goodness we were seated with him. Food came out at a good time. I had a great overall experience!
3	Stopped by last Sunday to catch some football while shopping at Town Square. They have happy hour at specific times Mondays-Saturdays, but on Sundays it's all day at the bar, score!  Happy hour specials include drinks priced at $4-8 and appetizers priced $2-6, which can't be beat!We ordered some drinks, as well as a few appetizers from the happy hour menu. My favorite were the wings, which were sauced perfectly and my least favorite were the chips and salsa, which was super watered down and had little taste to it. The chips were also super salty. You have to try their beer while you're here. I had the hef and it was so refreshing, especially after a morning of shopping.Service was a little lacking, but we were sitting at the bar which isn't exactly place where you should expect to get fast/decent service at any restaurant. Here they only had 1 bartender overseeing the entire bar area on a football Sunday. We never got silverware or napkins and I ended up having to grab some that were set on a nearby table and also used our drink/bar napkins. C'mon we had wings, can we at least get 1 or 2 napkins?
1	The worst experience and sorriest excuse for a restaurant.   I not only found hair in my food, but this was the longest piece of hair ever.  The worst part was the hair was entangled in my food, not even just laying on  top like one would normally see.  Management handled the situation very poorly.  They didn't offer to pay for my meal nor did they even offer to but dessert.  I will never come here again.
3	The southwest egg rolls were super greasy...BJ's blows them away in that department. I had a ceasar salad with chicken.I would have preferred the chicken hot off the grill but its ok cold. The service was borderline slow,but my server was pleasant and he was doing his best only one server in a huge section. I am always amazed at how much money is put into the decor in these places and they fall so short on what is served on your plate. Food was your average chain fare. Not horrible but nothing to rave about.
2	I came to this restaurant on my friends birthday couple years ago so i came back. Service was okay. SERVER forgot about my drink  and when we asked questions about steak  she was describing as big steak, bigger steak or small steak. I got a seafood plate with shrimp and heart of artichoke cream sauce. Fish was good. Shrimp with sauce was big disaster. In the picture it made it seem like there will be lots of sauce with shrimp; however, sauce portion was very small. It was good because sauce was BAD. It was too sour. It ALSO i came with green bean with very salty seasoning. Rice was salty too.   Over all I dont think I will come back to this restsurant.
3	I'mNot a huge fan of Claim Jumper it's a fun time but the food isn't all it's cracked up to be.. When we went it was kind of dead and it's such a big space that you figured they could have done more .. I wasn't a big fan of the way it is layed out..However that being said our waiter was awesome and very friendly and our food came at a timely manner.. I would indeed come back again to grab a drink or watch the game but not just for the food..
4	came with my bff and hubby...stingey on the wine but the food was good. we were ALL stuffed!
5	I love this claim jumper. The service is always phenomenal. We usually sit at the bar and Mike our bartender always treats us with great service and he's nice. I will come back most def.
1	Honestly been here a lot and tonight dinner was the worst service I've ever had. How do I order a porter house dinner and I don't get my salad until my steak arrives to the table. Then I asked for medium on the steak but comes medium rare and cold.
5	We went here last night with a group of 8 people and the food and service was absolutely perfect!  We had a waiter by the name of Dominic and he did an amazing job with the hospitality, going above and beyond what was needed for us.
2	It sucks when people don't care about the customers..I blame the bad experience on the people who work there..the host messed up my sister's birthday by not telling the waiter it was her birthday and I told them like 3 times..and because we went in a big group the food was not great go to the summerlin one it's a lot better..you would expect this place being in town square they would be good but nopeNice thing was our waiter was very professional that's all
2	Ended up here for dinner when we were looking for a night away from the Strip.  About a 25 minute wait on a Tuesday night at 7:30 which seemed to be driven more by staffing limits than empty tables.  But that was OK, I'm from the D and was loving standing outside in shorts and a polo in March without turning blue.  Very extensive menu and fair pricing, so if you are looking for value, this is your place.  However, it was my experience, and certainly that of my colleagues that if you are looking for good food and decent service, this may not be the best choice.  OK, full disclosure, I was dying for something with some heat so I ordered the Korean Fried Chicken Pizza, so go ahead and factor that into my rating.  I mean. it's the Claim Jumper right, not Ruby Foos.  Even so, I've got a (large) iron gut and this made for some questionable moments throughout the night and the next morning.  My buddy had the meatlovers pizza and the same experience so there you have it.  Limited sample set, but you rate what you experience.  Waiter seemed to have a difficulty time keeping up, keeping orders straight and drinks were depleted well before he returned for refills (we had to flag him down).I am sure they do somethings better, and I would guess they d based on other reviews, but my experience here was less than optimal, even at the price.
1	Man I love the food at claim jumper but one sour experience ruined it for me and now I'm never coming back.... Had a large party and our server, Dominic, shorted me on my change when I was paying the bill by charging me the "suggested" gratuity total instead of the original total of the meal. My friend who ate with me yesterday also ended up calling me today and said on his billing statement he found out the waiter did the same thing to him, charging him more than what my friend wrote down as the total. At the time I figured the gratuity was required, like most restaurants, so I didn't make a big deal and just left. I called them this morning to confirm that it was just suggested and complain that our server basically stole money from me and my friend and the manager expected me to drive an hour to pick up the couple dollars my server decided to keep. If this only happened to me id have reason to believe it was accidental, but because it happened to more than one person in my party the guy was obviously trying to pocket a couple extra bucks!!! What gets me fired up isn't the fact that I'm out a couple dollars, it's more of the principle.... that the server basically stole from my party and I and got away with it and the management compensated by inconveniencing me.... In short, I will never return to this establishment because of the poor management and also because MY SERVER FELT IT WAS OK TO CHARGE/STEAL EXTRA MONEY FROM OUR TABLE.
3	Shrimp pasta was meh. Service was really good, but the cleanliness was sketchy. Sticky tables and filthy menus. The two we had were very grimy.
3	This review is on the bar side only. Why would you buy 8 wide screen hi def TV's and only be able to tune them all to same channel? Why would those same TV's be individually numbered? I believe the reason this happened is either the bartender has no idea that the TV's can be individually tuned or she doesn't care. I suspect the former. Order a 10 dollar Cadillac Margarita. A Cadillac Margarita is a super premium cocktail and should be made accordingly. This one was WAY too sweet. Like, way too much sweet and sour.  That being said, the bartender was super nice - hence, the 3 stars. She could use some training and she would be fine.
1	It seems most people had decent service here but that was NOT the case with our table last night. We went in for dinner and THREE tables that came after us were served ahead of us. The only reason we even got to order in the first place was because I got up and pulled a waiter to our table. Not only that, there was a table that arrived ten minutes after we ordered and STILL got their food before we did. They even ordered almost the same identical food we did (breakfast food; hash browns and eggs). The only difference is one of us got steak and eggs. When the food finally arrived, the scrambled eggs were really disgusting like the kind you leave in the pan too long until it gets watery and mushy. The steak was supposed to be medium rare but was barely that, more on the rare side. Hash browns also had the same "heated too long on pan" mushiness. Overall it was a disgusting experience for us, and even waiting for the check had to take forever. I repeat, we watched three tables that came in at various times after us get food before we did.We may have just been that unlucky table, but everything about the experience put us in a bad mood to start off the night. Luckily it's hard to stay in a bad mood in Vegas.
1	As I sit here on Saturday night at 8 pm, 35 minutes after being seated I still have not received my drink. Obviously the food hasn't arrived...
4	I've been going to this location since Townsquare first opened. I can honestly say I've never had a bad experience. All the times I've gone here I've went w/ either my girls, my man, or my brother. The restaurant itself is pretty massive. Recently I've been sitting at the bar area for the happy hour specials. I have certain dietary restrictions and when I order the staff is more than happy to fulfill my needs.
4	Had a wonderful and enjoyable meal. I ordered roasted tri tip. It was very filling very thin slices with a light gravy, mashed potatoes and stir fry vegetables. Plus a salad and a muffin. It was filling with a. ice cold glass of passion tea the way it is without sugar.
1	HORRIBLE  experience STAY AWAY!! I went to claim jumper on 6/24/14 with my family as we arrived at 910 pm and they close at 930 they were visibly irritated they had to serve us. By the time we got out food there was only 2 other family's in the restaurant. After I ate the moderate baby back ribs and paid the bill we left the restaurant. I Quickly realized I left my phone about 30 feet from the claim jumper and quickly ran back and knocked on the door because they locked it. While waiting over 5 minutes for someone to open the door I used my gf phone to check the find my iPhone app and saw the phone was on and located it the restaurant still. Then someone turned the phone off and I could no longer see it. So the last location was in the claim jumper before it was shut off! I was upset because I lost my iPhone that I spent $750   Because I bought it with no contract. The manager was nice but did very little to help find my phone rather than look around the bathroom. A young bus boy saw me frustrated and said "don't look at me man I didn't do it" which only made it more certain In my mind he took it. The waiter and the bus boy were the only ones who had access to the table, all the customers had already made there way out. Security came and took a report but nothing happened. 4 days later I am still phoneless as I am writing this on my gf phone. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! If they will steal a customers phone with important irreplaceable family pictures imagine what else happens here??? not to mention all the COCKROACHES i saw dead under the booth seats as they were "looking" for my phone in short no meal is worth what I have gone thru these last few days. Save your self the trouble and stay away from this location. BUG INFESTED, PHONE STOLEN AND RUDE SERVICE WHY WOULD ANYONE EVER WANT TO EAT HERE. Take my advice and stay away or experience your self why I took the time to create a yelp just to write this review. I have sent emails to the corporate office and have made calls to inform them about there employees and have not received any form of communication back. This claim jumper is going to be the parasite that brings all the other great locations down! Don't be apart of this!
3	Server. LeAnn ...  was great .....but I got a shrimp that wasn't deveined !!! Not good !! Poor quality  control !!! Then the manager delivered  replacement that still were not  cleaned still had shell and legs on them ..... Worst thing is manager offered shrimp replacement and then charged me for them ???? Really wtf !!!!  Always have enjoyed claim jumpers !! Service is always superb !!  Fried zucchini is a great starter !! The happy hour specials make a good thing ... Even better ask to sit in Leann sections you won't be sorry !!
4	Overall - good meal at a good price. The food is BIG and the price is fair for the size.Service - Great! Brandi was nice and courteous. My only pet peeve was that she didn't write our order down and accidentally forgot our add-ons.  Food - Extremely good! They offer bread before entrees. Started with the three cheese potato cakes which were cooked to perfection. Had a BBQ burger and I must say its worth a try. Didn't have deserts because the food is bigger than normal. But the chocolate cake looks AMAZING.
2	This was my second trip here. I waited to review in hopes of a better experience but that didn't happen. Service was excellent as our server was quick to deliverer both food and drinks. I'm just not a fan of the food here. A few of our shrimp appetizer were over done. They put the dark side facing down but it was obvious. The calamari are the long cuts that look like chicken fries and there are not tentacle pieces, just blah on the flavor. We kept it to just appetizers and left, never to return!
5	I had heard about Claim Jumper before but never really knew anything about it. I always assumed that it was some kind of crappy buffet place, but today I was proven dead wrong! In short, this restaurant is damned fine Western cuisine. The service was top notch. Every employee we dealt with was friendly, and not a single person we interacted with seemed anything less than happy to be there. We were helped promptly, served our food and drinks in the correct order and with perfect timing. The food was outstanding! Beautifully crafted and delicious. I have not even the slightest complaint. Very reasonably priced and filling portions. Definitely worth the experience. Will be happy to go back again!Thank you Claim Jumper staff for making my day :)
4	They have great food! They make almost everything in house even the honey butter! The California Chicken Salad is amazing. The portions are large but not as crazy as they are made out to be when compared to every other restaurant that does the same. They have a great wait staff and good deserts. Parking is easy if you park in the south garage.
1	To say the service at this establisment is terrible would be an understatement.  Management is clearly at fault. Our waiter shouldn't be a waiter. I don't want someone's thumb in my drink. Appetizer plates would be nice to have. Food was decent, but the service is so bad, I would never return, even if the food were for free. Had to remind the waiter for multiple items that never arrived at the table. The restaurant was not packed,  so how or why our experience was so bad leaves me baffled
3	Went with a group of 10 and I had the tilapia Bianca and I was not impressed at all. Although my Absolut lemon drop drink was good and the dessert was awesome I had the warm butter toffee cake.  Service was ok not great.
1	Horrible service. Food sucked. & made me miss my shopping trip. When we first walked in, there was no one at the host desk so we decided to sit at the bar. We were then greeted by the bartenders & they offered us to sit at a booth on the other side of the bar. Once we had a seat at the table they offered, the table was extremely sticky. You could tell it hasn't been wiped. We ordered the lemon pepper zucchini to start off with while we looked through the menu. They gave us the happy hour menu also, even though it wasn't happy hour. The zucchini came as soon as we were done ordering out entrees. Pretty fast. We ordered the roasted tri tip with a Caesar salad & the stuffed BBQ shrimp that was on the happy hour menu. We waited on our entree for about 30 minutes and it didn't look very appetizing. Also, veggies were more on the colder side. So you cantell it's been sitting at the window for a while. Once our entree was almost done, the BBQ stuffed shrimp finally comes out & it looked like crap. I don't even know why I ate it. I don't know if they were rushing for closing but the presentation on the plate was horrible. And to top everything off.... When we first got there, I asked our server what time the shops closed & he said they closed at 9:30pm on Sundays. Which I thought was weird because that's a super random time.  We finished our meal at 8:15pm.. Rushing to make it to the mall. Turns out they close at 8pm on sundays. I went back into the restaurant, yelled across the bar to our server & told him I appreciated the false information he provided and made it pretty clear that I was unhappy with his service.
5	I was the first to arrive at the restaurant. The waiter, Mitchell, immediately greeted me. He instantly gave me my drink of choice and came over right away when the rest of the (7) party showed up. His personality was delightful as he was very courteous. The salads and appetizers came out on time. He was very accommodating with how picky my family and myself can be. When I asked about the mini trip dips, he said they could still make them even though they are not on the menu. The check came on time! Also, when I asked for extra aujus, he gave me a container to take with me. I had the meal for leftovers and it is delicious. Thank you Mitchell! :)
3	After finishing up the New Vista Wine Walk with a friend, we decided we wanted a warm and gooey desert and settled on Claim Jumper. We were seated immediately and greeted by a young friendly lad named Jonathon. Jonathon suggested the Cookie Finale or Chocolate Chip Pizookie. The Cookie Finale won out and was more than enough for two (it comes with two giant cookies the size of my hand). I threw my towel in the ring halfway through my cookie and was infinitely grateful that I didn't try to conquer the Cookie Finale all by myself. To contrast the sweet, we wanted something salty and ordered a side of french fries. They were shoestring style and were just okay.  My friend and I agreed that the Cookie Finale wasn't anything special. Sure, it was a huge portion and a bargain for $7.99, but I have to admit I was a little disappointed with the taste. The cookie just wasn't ooey gooey enough for my liking. Our waiter was great - he handled our drunken antics with a smile. The atmosphere was underwhelming. The layout reminded me of a buffet and the decor was rustic (eww). I was curious about Claim Jumper, and now that curiously is sated.
1	WOW! We come here roughly every few months especially to show off Town Square to people that are not from Las Vegas. We usually get excellent service with excellent food. Tonight was just BAD! Not only did the manager feel he needed to argue with us and embarrass us in front of our guest, he had the audacity to say that everything was fine and that we should not have been complaining. Our main course took the better of 20 MINUTES TO COME OUT. When it did, my food was luke warm, and my guests meal was not appropriately cooked (raw steak vs well done). So I return my meal and they said they normally don't do this, but they will take my meal off my ticket. WTF?!?!? And that's about all they offered! We spend at least $100 plus dollars when we go here, each and every time. At least offer to kiss me before screwing me! Bad form Claim Jumper's!
4	I usually find going to Town Square to be a pain in the butt.  However, sometimes this is the best meeting location for people coming from all over town.  Had a very good dinner here for a large group.  Our server was very friendly and efficient.  Everyone enjoyed their dinner without being overly wowed.  Love being able to cross the street after dinner to shop at Sephora.
4	Experience:  I came with some friends for lunch.  I have always wanted to try this place, because I pass the one on Sahara all the time. Parking sucks...but it is Town Square. LOL! Food:  This is one of those places that is very difficult to narrow your order because the menu is big and full of a lot of American favorites. The serve this delicious garlicky bread on the table that I had to taste, and regretted as it took up my main entree room. It was good though.  I settled on the fish tacos with the pico on the side.   I got mine fried...but you can order grilled instead. It was good. They were crispy and on traditional corn tortillas with a good, creamy chipotle sauce on top. They had salsa on the side that I used instead of the pico and it was good. It came with a side of pilaf that was tasty too. I ordered a cream cheese pumpkin slice of pie to go, because who can pass up pumpkin this time of year. My friend tasted it and said it was very good...even sinful.  Can't wait to eat it later!Service:  We had a cutie, young waiter with a very deep voice named Tom. He was friendly and helpful. Facility:  this place was nicely decorated and had a warm feel. The chairs we pretty comfortable with cushion on the wood and high backs. Overall review:  it was a little pricey, but the lunch menu wasn't too bad. I liked everything about my experience except for the price. So, I would give them a 4 overall.
3	Nice, clean location. Sunday lunch time 80% empty. Courteous friendly service. Average sized portion s. Shrimp Fresca pasta was great. Chinese chicken salad was soaked in dressing (will not order again if I happen to be at Claim Jumper again). We enjoyed a great kids playground next door much more than the restaurant
1	My family was in town the first weekend in November for my nephew's university graduation. We chose Claim Jumper as our one special celebration meal together (there were 15 of us). It was so disappointing.We had been driving all day and the kids were starving. Our waiter was slow, impatient, and incompetent. He rolled his eyes at us several times. He spent too much time trying to pressure us into buying some card for regulars even though we don't even have Claim Jumpers in our state.He messed up over half the orders. For instance, my nephew's wife never got part of her meal, and the kids never got their drinks. My nephew asked for no onions and got onions. He forgot to ask what side I wanted, and blamed it on me 20 minutes later: "You didn't tell me what you wanted." He didn't give me a chance. 20 more minutes after that, he informed me that they were out of what I ordered and shoved a menu at me. I chose the chili in a bread bowl that he highly recommended, and got chili without a bread bowl. My sister-in-law barely touched her food because it wasn't good. We are not a picky group! By then we were starving and even though we were right by his POS station, we rarely saw him and couldn't get his attention, so we made do with what we got. The chili he highly recommended tasted like canned Nalley chili with some chunks of meat thrown in.Then he couldn't split our check, even though we told him at the beginning that we would have separate checks. He was huffy and impatient as we told him again who was together, and since we'd been there so long my brother finally told him we'd work it out on our own. He rudely said, "Good, because see what I'm dealing with?" and showed us some crazy chicken scratch diagram he made. He was clearly not trained or qualified or something when it came to serving a big group. When we analyzed the check, I saw that he had charged us for my original meal that they were out of, plus the one I ordered to replace it (which wasn't right either, but I ate it). It took at least 15 minutes to find him and bring it to his attention, and then he was huffy and abrupt about it. I got a half-apology but no offer to make it up to us in any way. We contemplated going to the manager but we were exhausted and just wanted to go to our hotel.I hope that was an unusual experience, because I honestly have never had such rude and incompetent service in my life. I know that food service is hard work and I try to give waitstaff the benefit of the doubt, but there was no excuse for his sloppy waiting and especially his rude attitude. Thankfully, my nephew took me afterward to the other side of town to get the best street taco I've ever had. :) Next time I visit him in Vegas, I'll definitely avoid Claim Jumper.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!! I didn't want to even waste my time with this review but I felt the need to. Our waitress was completely clueless and acted like she didn't give a F. The whole experience was dreadful. What a waste of time and money. Our large family will never return.
2	I came here last night for a wedding reception. The reservation was made for 5PM. We got there on time, but waited at least an hour to be seated because the group reservation was in the book, but not in the computer. We were informed of this by an older gentleman with glasses. I would suggest sticking to one method for future reservations. Having to keep up two methods of record keeping for reservations = double the work, a waste of time and money and results in errors like this one! We also waited ridiculously long for our appetizer and starter salads. By the time that we received our appetizer, half of the group had already received their entree. Then when our entrees came out, there were a few items that were way too salty - my husband's potato cakes and the mushrooms and onions on my steak to name a few. Two stars because the waiters/servers were so friendly and helpful throughout the "last-minute" arrangements.
1	First thing I noticed was that the bar looked understaffed. After waiting a while I had to get up and ask for someone to clean our table & let them know the two of us were ready to order. When food arrived the hot wings were not hot (temperature wise.) I ordered *grilled fish tacos & they came fried. Super greasy & not that tasty. I was disappointed they also forgot my french fries. When it came, it was way too salty. We ordered two CJ Margaritas & they were too sweet. Overall experience was very disappointing. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Bartender apologized a couple of times for the wait, however it was the least they could do at this point. Only good thing was they had NFL Football on. Btw it was happy hour. Still not worth the wait, food or drinks. Almost forgot!!! Our bartender Todd over charged us $7.98. We had to send the check back for correction. The manager came & asked us about our experience. We were honest. He comp our food. After another apology, we promised we'll NEVER come back.
1	Horrible Service!!! Went in at about 1 pm today for lunch, we had a party of 12 they told us it would be about a 30 minute wait so we said that's fine. They said they had the room but not enough servers  but anyways we waited. Our table was ready so we went and sat, took about 10 minutes to get our drink orders and drinks. The waitress was very slow, she finally took our order at about 1:30ish, to make a long story short we finally received our food at 3:14!!!  Yes it took that long to get our food and when we finally got it, it was freakin COLD!!!! Out of the party of 12 only 2 had decent temperature food!! So we complained and the manager finally came and took our plates, to top it off one of the kids meals had a hair in it!! It took about another 30 mins to get our replacement meals. The waitress finally came at the end to tell us the manager was taking care of all the meals! And she had the balls to say "I've never known a manager to cover all the meals!" Really?! After waiting all that time and then getting cold food? Then she had the balls to say I brought the desert menu if you are interested?!? Needless to say we will not be returning to this place AGAIN!!!! They don't even deserve 1 STAR!!!
1	I cannot believe this is related to the same claim Jumper in Summerlin.   This is a nice-looking restaurant and the food is horrible.   I had chicken fingers and could barely tell the chicken fingers from the french fries for the price it was ridiculous. I tried the rotisserie chicken it was dry and flavorless I will never go back to this place again.
3	This is going to be kind of hard to review, if we were going completely off food vs. how long it takes to get out of here (that's a hit and miss thing).. I think the rating would look very different on either. I hope that makes sense, so I'll choose the rating at the end of this.Food.. this is standard American.  I've been here a few times with coworkers during lunch and it takes forever. It will eat your entire hour and then some, I know it's busy, I know it's not fast food, but sometimes it is hella slow and sometimes you are just making it back.  We've gotten burgers here, the artichoke and spinach dip, I learned a trick to call ahead and get their gluten free pizza, and then bring it back to the office.  I was really surprised, Claim Jumper has the best gluten free pizza at any chain I've ever been to.  It's worth remembering for that alone.  This was weird, the other week a friend from work and I walked in and were told the wait was 15-20 minutes for a table but the bar was open seating and serving the full menu.  We sat at the bar and waited, I went back up front and grabbed a couple menus so we could look through it until the bartender got to us, and she immediately requested our ID's... which I thought was weird since we hadn't ordered alcohol and we're both obviously over 21.  I thought that was necessary specifically if you were ordering alcohol.  My friend left her bag at the office since I was buying lunch and didn't have her ID on her, but she's obviously of age, and regardless we just wanted lunch.  We ended up going to Brio.  Oh well. I think I'm just going to continue calling in to go orders on days I want gluten free pizza and I'll call it good... sooo 3 stars.
2	Service was pretty good , he was very attentive and brought us everything we needed but the food was lacking.  I have always been a huge fan of claim jumper and the quality and portions of food and was disappointed after this trip.  -Quality of the soup was not the same as it used to be.  Portions were smaller and it simply didn't taste like it used to.  Also, they don't have that awesome cheese bread anymore, bummer !-Chicken fried steak was a much smaller portion than it used to be and it was 1/3 just batter, bleh!  Also little to no gravy on the whole dish, had to ask for a side of it.-Tri-tip was a little cold and the presentation was awful.  We weren't asked how we wanted it cooked as well.  Not sure if they need new management or a new cook, or maybe the whole chain is just going down hill.  Disappointed because this used to be my families "go to " restaurant for birthdays and special occasions and now I dont think we will be back .  The food is certainly overpriced and going down hill .
