4	Ahh, my fave weeknight activity...watching my little spaz pug run his tush off and play with other dogs.  This park has 3 runs, 1 currently going through a much needed rehab which was why the rating is a 4 instead of a 3.  And usually the people are cool but the dogs are cooler.  The criticisms: the ground is dirt but they are planting grass, the people on the big dog side don't pick up the doo, occasionally there's a group of people on the big dog side trying to be bad asses with their dogs riling them up to wrestle too hard or the pretentious snooty elders on the small dog side who have an opinion on everything, and there are water fountains for people and dogs but they are backed up most of the time.  But mostly it's a fun activity and good place to socialize for dogs and owners.  I've been a couple times during the day and it's much more laid back.  There is also a nice path that goes around the rest of the park so you can take the pooch for a walk to check out the soccer, basketball, and baseball games and the skateboard park.  Basically, as with any dog park, it's good to get the pup exercised and socialized but keep an eye on them and expect to deal with a bit of slobber and dirt and you'll be all good.
4	very clean and well kept. nice beginner setup with 2 rails. Sweet 2 bowl course with lots of intermediate and advanced areas. Stays pretty packed on weekends.This is one of the best parks in all of Las Vegas. Lots of grass to play football,baseball,frisbee, or whatever plus there's soccer fields,basketball courts, and lots more. The Community Center has a great pool with 2 water slides and a kids toy in the shallow end.
5	I have a dog walking business and this park is nothing less than clean, safe and well taken care of. I can't say that I have encountered disrespectful or aggressive owners bringing their pooches here and there are two areas segregated for small and large breeds. It of course is conjoined to a kids' park and picnic area that are all well taken care of and clean.
3	Nice people and dogs! That part is important and so far I really like taking my dog here...The park is mostly dirt though and on windy days I really don't even want to take him because I get dirt in my eyes and mouth- thinking about the fact that this is a dog park and what's in the dirt only makes it that much worse. I wish we had a nice dog park with lots of grass. My dog has a very long coat and every time I take him I have to give him a bath no matter what. Also the water fountains are always turned off during the winter now that it's warmed up they still aren't back on yet...
4	I was visiting from California and I have to say I LOVED this park. It was FULL of people and dogs and everyone was so friendly and patient with my little loudmouth Lola. My own local dogpark never seems to be in use when we go and when it is, its just a couple big dogs in their area and lonely Lola in her crate sized small dog area. I was so pleased to see such a HUGE turnout of dogs of all sizes and personalities here. My only complaint was the lack of cover from the blazing summer sun. Nobody can bring themselves to brave the heat until dusk when the sun is safely set and then you've only got about an hour before its too dark to see where your dog's at (or where other dogs have "gone").  Should get a canopy like the kids parks have, maybe some misters, or at least brighter night lighting. Aside from that, LOVED IT!!!! We will definitely be returning next time and everytime we visit from Ca.
4	We have a MinPin, she's 6 mos old and she always has tons of energy but usually doesn't "play well with others" so we wanted to get her out so that she can socialize with other dogs... And maybe she'll be nicer lol. My husband took her there a few weeks ago but didn't take her into the leash-free zone because, well, like I said-- she doesn't play well with others. This was my first time going to this park and as soon as we get out of the car, who do we see, the King of Pop's Dad, Joe Jackson! Yea, apparently he does laps around this park! lol Anyway, our lil pup is growling and barking at every lil furry person within the fenced area. We lap the entire park for awhile and then we end up back at the leash-free, fenced area and a nice couple started talking to us as we were standing there contemplating whether or not we should take her in. They started saying that their pup was like ours, unfriendly, and they started taking her there and now, she's as nice as can be! Thanks to them, our lil doggie made friends and so did her parents lol. The park has 3 different fenced leash-free areas depending on the weight of your pup. Ours is only 7lbs so we were with all the lil munchkin doggies. Rather clean, drinking fountains were either dirty and/or not on.
4	This is an excellent park to take the family. With their basketball courts, skate park, playgrounds, dog parks, and pools, this is one of the largest parks on the west side. If you don't have your own pool their indoor and outdoor pools are worth checking out. The outdoor pool has a shallow water area and playset that's great for really young kids and a deeper area with two water slides for older kids and adults. Admission is $2 for kids 3-17, $3 for adults, and free for kids 2 and under. They also have a 90-day family pass (good for 4 people) for $100. There are locker rooms with showers on the premises with coin operated lockers and ones where you can bring in your own lock to store your items. It's a great place to take your family whether or not you live close by or are visiting from out of town and want to get away from the strip.
5	This is a spacious beautiful family-friendly park on the west side of town with a skate park (few of those here). It's in a nicer side of the city. We haven't taken our dogs here yet (so I can't comment on the state of the dog parks). If we lived on this side, I'm sure that we would be regulars here- it's lush. I've been here a few times for the annual "Bite Of Las Vegas." The grounds are manicured and managed very well. It's very green here. This is what the ideal park setting should aspire to be.
4	beeeeeautiful softball complex.  Spacious, clean, and lots of parking.The grounds are well kept, fenced in dog park, skate park, and basketball courts.
5	5 stars because I've shared time with someone special here many times.  This is our favorite place to play basketball, not the main court where it's always crowded and people take the game too seriously but at the back hidden court near the dog park.  It's never packed pass 8pm and we usually have the court to ourselves.  This is where I like to play ball with a small group of friends or 1 on 1.My Church also planned a softball tournament here which turned out to be a success. We had the whole baseball field for the tournament without having to make some type of reservation. It was on a Saturday morning which was more of a surprise or maybe no one really plays softball here.If you have a dog, great place to meet other dog lovers since there is a dog park here too. Be careful where you step at though, there's rumors of sleeping brown smurfs laying all around.I've never seen anything rowdy here happen and no suspicious people loitering around. I can say this place is pretty safe from what I've experienced and seen around.
3	This park is only about a 10 minute walk from my place, so I used to come here a lot when I was younger. But now, it seems shadier than it used to be, so I don't go as often. I usually opt for the Spring Valley Park instead. The main park offers basketball courts, baseball fields, community center with pool, a skate park, and a playground. Big grass area, which is often filled on Sundays by soccer teams. The community center is nice, and offers indoor basketball courts and an indoor pool. It also offers the outdoor pool with two slides - both of which get very crowded during the summer. Parking on the main side of the park is pretty small, but more can be found where the community center is - which is only a five minute walk from the main part of the park. On the other side of Spring Mountain is the soccer park. Basically a bowl shaped grass field. It's pretty huge, as it runs all the way from Spring Mountain to Desert Inn. Has huge soccer balls scattered around the area - which are great to climb. The playground offered also has a small rock climbing wall for children. But, most of the stepping things are loose - so be careful. The lights go off around 11 here - but even after hours, no one really comes to kick those wanderers out.This is also the location of very many big events and concerts, such as Bite of Las Vegas.
4	I love this park.  There is so much to do here......basketball, football, soccer, swimming, dog park, bbq, baseball, skateboard park.  When we use to live around the corner from this place we were here all the time.  Now that we've moved, we only come here on special occasions when they have concerts or if they have fireworks on 4th of July.It's a pretty clean and well kept park and it's huge.  There's plenty of restaurant and bar options nearby, so you have a place to go after a long day in the sun.Return Factor - 90%
4	Me and my GF take our dogs here almost every Sunday and I must say, im a big fan!! Haven't really explored too much further past the "doggie portion" of the park, but I have passed by the baseball, basketball, and even skate park portion of the place. Man, this place has everything and seems to accomodate most everyone.The dog portion of the park is great. Everyone there seems to be very friendly and there to relax, enjoy the nice weather, and most importantly....watch their favorite canine commandos run around and play aimlessly with other dogs. There's just something sooo liberating about going here with a friend or girlfriend, picking up a seat and watching the dogs go wild on each other and observing all the different personalities of these furry lil mutts interact with one another. This is my ZEN spot.............
3	It's a big park on the east side of Las Vegas. I come here for the kicball tournament.
4	So first and foremost, this review is primarily for the dog park.  There are three separate dog parks in the dog park complex, and they're split for small and large dogs.  Though I don't understand why there's only ever two parks open when there are three parks open, but I'm guessing it's to take time to take care of the grass in each park.Anyway, the hours are great, 6am to 11pm every day. There's a great deal of parking available that's all relatively close by.  I go to the dog park to get my dog out to get some exercise and get socialized with other dogs.  I don't really go to socialize myself.  Dog park time is about my dog.  I would go more in the early morning (if I didn't like sleep so much) because the morning dog park people are, at least to me, way more pleasant. Early morning dog park people are really there to get their dogs some exercise and socialization.  Not a big fan of the late afternoon into evening dog park people because, well, they set up makeshift lawn chair communes and have this high-school clique vibe.  But alas, I really like sleep. Also, there are water fountains for the dogs, so kudos on keeping the doggies hydrated.Moving away from the designated dog parks, the rest of the park is great for walks.  There's enough free grass space to allow for dog walkers, a great expanse for the league sports, there's a skate park (which never fails to be full of people), there's the aquatic center (both indoor and outdoor facilities), and it's the hosting venue to lots of events throughout the year (Red, White, and Boom, and Bite of Las Vegas for example).All in all, a pretty great county park.
4	I've gone here time & again when I lived on the west side of town, so it holds four stars in my heart. It's huge, with a path for running, the place where kids can hangout to skateboard in the skate park, a designated playground, basketball court, & soccer field located on the opposite side of the park. The soccer field is huge, as well as the park itself. I've enjoyed this park for the sake I always used to come when Extreme Thing or outdoor events were happening at Desert Breeze. Even with large events, I've never had a problem with finding parking (even if it was in the dirt lot).The dog park can use a little renovation nowadays, but it always used to be the place to go to see & meet dogs with their owners from the west side of town.
5	great fields and a clean facility.  Ample parking and good food/grocery stores in the area (to get food and water between games)
3	Nice small park where large and small breeds each have their own area.  Owners are fairly nice and watch after their pooches (unlike some places where they ignore their pets while they read or talk on the phone).  It would be nicer if owners cleaned up better after their pets....a lot of "deposits" to be found by your pet!
3	Hello LV yelpers!Writing a review only for the dog park.I bring my little yorkie puppy here... came here about 3 times.I've been to other dog parks in Las Vegas and D.B. compared to other dog parks looks a little neglected... not sure if it's because of the high traffic.But I'm thankful for the location and that Desert Breeze offers an area for our furry loved ones.Lots of free parking!I'll be back!
5	Came here for Extreme Thing this year! So awesome, definitely desert-y and breezy.But it was also sunny, and lots of lawn area to sit down and relax. Too bad they don't sell alcohol in the desert though.
3	Went to the Dog park area & Kids soccer area.The dog park was kind of small compare to the one that I always go too. But this park is OK because they're lots of benches and places for people to sit. But like all dog parks, you have owners that don't pay attention to their dogs & don't pick up after them. Makes me so MAD~!Not enough running area, your dog will be running in circles =T It's good for small dogs but for larger dogs it's not much fun. My dog is medium size and he was not too happy. He was just skipping around and walking fast. He didn't get his normal run. He wasn't even tired when we left. Don't like the fact there is 3 gates to come in & out of the dog park. Had to keep looking around to make sure my dog doesn't follow anyone out or someone try & steal my dogs. Lots of kids running in & out of the dog park.Other areas of the park are much bigger then the dog park. So sad. sigh.
5	Nice park with a little bit of everything... Great for dogs, sports, swimming... I don't skate, but the skate park looked nice. Well maintained. Good size.
3	Nice park.  My only problem is that the dogs are separated by size - small and large.  There is no medium.  Dogs up to 35 lbs are considered small.  I beg to differ.  I was afraid to let my small dog run around because there were fairly large dogs there.
4	Cons: Finding the parking lot is a bit tricky, the field lighting cuts out at weird, varying times, drinking fountains/restrooms are hard to find.  Pros: Huge, grassy fields.  Skate park area.  Seems very family friendly.
1	Been there today. My dog got all exiting , thought he will meet some new friends. Just kids and 1 dog on a leash . I'm still searching for a nice , crazy , open dog park. Where is it just for dogs, and they can run around no leash .
4	I've lived near this park for years in the past, but unfortunately didn't use it as much as I should. It's huge; with skate parks, dog parks, baseball fields, soccer fields, etc.This was my first time at the dog park because the one we frequent had a few bad dogs and their bad humans hanging there today. I had heard bad things about this park from other humans that hang out at our usual dog park, stating the majority of the dogs were aggressive and didn't play well and their owners didn't try to teach them otherwise. We headed to Desert Breeze, keeping in mind we could leave if it looked sketchy. The surroundings are so much nicer. Good parking. 3 separate dog runs for small, large and one closed spare for rotating. The grass in the dog run was pretty much dead, with an attached rocky area but the dogs don't mind. Plenty of spots for the humans to sit, room for playing and running. The area was pretty clean of trash, cigarette butts, and dog poo. I was impressed. Downside was the water fountain didn't work, luckily I always bring water and a bowl for my furry friend. We stayed a while until a bad dog and inattentive  human showed up and made their rounds harassing the dogs that were trying to play nicely. So we left. There's always one, oh well. But we'll definitely go back though.
4	My little Maltese had a ball in the small dog area!! He made lots of friends. We will definitely be going back!
4	Desert Breeze and I have this love/hate/confused relationship. I've been around since its birth, had a birthday here, seen someone give birth, watch "gangstas" defend their turf, so it definitely has some worth to me. It is a huge park, 240 acres according to the internet. In that enormous 240 acres there is a community center with lap pools, water park, basketball courts, half a dozen playgrounds, barbecue grills, soccer park, skate park, baseball park, a dog park, and more grass than Wiz Khalifa's house. Frequently large events are held here i.e. Bite of Vegas and CrossVegas. The soccer park sidewalk is marked with mile markers, but FYI a lap around the soccer park perimeter is not an exact mile (0.91 miles). Are there problems with this park? Yes of course, but should it stop you from coming? Nope! Like any other park you will run into a few members of the homeless society, but please Clark County can you fix the damn second playground at the Soccer Park area? It really has been way too long. If my early references of gangstas and homeless makes you wonder if you'll be okay late at night here... well of course, unless you get in my way when I'm running, then we have a problem.
2	I used to like this park. But it has gotten dirty. People don't pick up their dogs' poopskis. Seriously! and trash everywhere! Oh wait, paragraph above is a review for the half of the park. Which is the doggy park area. and the surrounding area of that.But bottom line, I'd rather go to a different park to walk my dog.
4	This is a huge park that I pass on my way to work every morning. It's centrally located and easy to find which I like!As previous yelpers' have mentioned there is a water park, skate, doggy, soccer sized field... you name it, it's here! Super clean... and at least during daylight/early evening hours when *I* would be visiting seems safe enough.Parks hold special meaning to me! For one I am a kid at heart that loves a good swing in the playground area. Of course playgrounds are meant for children so I'm respectful in that I will wait for an available "seat" when necessary.Parks in general (back in CA) used to be my retreat with a special someone in my life. Sadly I have not made much use out of them while living here because I don't have anyone to really share that "fun in the sun" atmosphere with. It's good to know that if and when the occasion presents itself... I know where to go. :)
5	Big park, with dog areas, ball fields, basket ball courts, soccer fields, skate boarding and a bike freestyle areas, even  roller hockey rinks.  Oh almost forgot, there is an indoor and outdoor pool with community center as well.There are plenty of actives to do, they always have special events, extreme thing sports & music festival, and it's just a few blocks from home.Great place to come walk, play with the kids, or just sit and think things through.
4	This review will only cover the dog park.I have a medium sized dog that fits in the "small dog run." I got my dog since 2 months old and didn't socialize her until 5 months old, a little after all her shots are in. Unfortunately, my dog had a lot of trouble socializing; she was shy and scared the first 20 minutes meeting new dogs. However, most the dog owners that show up are really nice and knowledgeable, although I have seen some heated arguments between dog owners especially in the big dog run.The park is a fair size, it isn't too small and is not enormous either. There are spots for owners to sit and relax while the dogs play. The Desert Breeze dog park is by far my favorite dog park.
4	Over all the park is large and nice, but they need to redo the grass, it's starting to look really bad and there are several dirt/muddy areas. Not everyone picks up their dog poop and the area isn't getting maintained very well.  It's definitely not a bad area at all, it just needs a little bit of maintenance work, that's all.
5	The best dog park in Vegas!
5	Nice big park with something for everyone. All types of sports and events take place here and the park tends to be jamming every day. The dog park is big as well and accommodates both small and large dogs. Plenty of poop bags and running room. Alot of the same owners come here and so far all have been warm and receptive. There are places for dog owners to sit but a popular theme has been owners pulling there own chairs and relaxing.
5	Completely on the other end of town for me but these are the kind of drives us soccer moms gotta do for the kiddos! Okay-where do I start here. This park is flippin huge! Love how they have managed to keep it clean and nicely landscaped throughout the years. I wish there were more trees for shading but you can definitely catch some good shaded spots. This place is the soccer king of all parks! On the weekends, it's jam packed with soccer games! Great feeling seeing so many kids involved in sports and so many supportive parents. They have the Desert Breeze Recreation Center in the building next door to the main park and its an UH-AMAZING water park!! Holy cow! The water slides! Love love love! Glad this park is still standing strong and hasn't gone down in ratings like most in town due to its surroundings.
4	Live a little and roll down that big hill. Start at the top on the Durango side and don't mind the grass stains. Your head will be spinning by the time you reach the bottom but for a moment you are 8 again.  Quit being so serious.
5	While I cannot comment on the pros and cons of this space as a soccer venue or as a park with swings and the like I can say that with the impressive maintenance, clean roller hockey rinks with NHL style cages, and excellent jogging paths I will definitely be spending more time here over the coming months.  Located just down the street from my temporary housing situation as I wait to complete a purchase in Summerlin I admit that I haven't become familiar with many Las Vegas parks yet, but if this is any indication I am excited to do so.
5	Review is for the Small 35 lbs and under side of the park:  I love this park and have taken my dog there since she was a puppy in 2005.   Some of the owners are so friendly visiting with other dog owners that they miss the opportunity to see when their dog needs cleaning up after.  It happens to all of us at some point I suppose.  My only complaint is for the scumbags that litter cigarette butts within the park.  You better not let me catch you doing this while I am watching for you.  I wouldn't recommend sitting in the grass here because this park gets a lot of use so stick to sitting on the benches.  The park has bright light and I wish they would extend the summer night hours a bit when it is a little cooler for the dogs to play.  They have made some improvements and seem to do a decent job keeping the park up.
3	I have been taking my Rottweiler to this park since she was 8 month's old it is a great park unlike some dog park's around Las Vegas it has lights so you can come at night but I am giving it 3 star's because some people bringing  there aggressive dog's and I found out that the grey hound that was attacked was not killed a friend that was here when is happened said I was able to jump into the owners car the owner of the dog's that attacked was so divested the dog's that attacked are called caucasian moutain shepherd's and I saw my friends 6 month old puppy attacked by a nasty pitbull and the I am going to nice and call the owner a lady sneaked out and yelled that her dog had been here has been here before and that time her dog attacked another dog and another lady keep brining her aggressive pitbull  named tipsy that lady keep bringing  her dog back after her dog has got ting into at least 6 fights she stopped braining her dog after one of my friend's who had a taser told her she would use it on her dog if it attacked her dog again and this person has not come back since
3	The small-dog park is OK. It has quite a few places to sit, some shaded by a shelter and others by trees, but it's a little on the small side. This isn't a problem if your dog is a tea-cup size (which a lot of the ones here are) but if it's more medium-sized, you might be viewed with some concern by other owners and your dog might not find a suitably sized playmate. With all the seating, owners tend to just plant themselves and not really watch after their dogs. That said, I've never seen a problem. Unlike the large-dog side.My dog is about 27 lbs. and has grown up playing and rough-housing with dogs three times his weight without a problem. Until we took him to the large-dog side. There, the dogs have formed their own pack, are not welcoming to new dogs to the point of being aggressive, and the owners are generally too busy chatting among themselves until fights actually break out. Then, it's a slow trot over while yelling commands that their pets have clearly never heard before. After my dog was completely surrounded by their dogs barking, growling and starting to lunge, we hauled him out of there as quickly as possible.A much better choice, regardless of your dog's size, is the Kellogg Zaher Park a little further up Durango at Washington. The runs are much bigger, there is far more grass, water fountains for the dogs are within the fencing, owners on both sides are way more attentive to their animals, and while there have been a couple problems over the years (and I tend to take my dog out daily so a couple problems is really statistically insignificant), they have been caused by first-timers who are never seen again. One caveat: there aren't as many places to sit. But that's a good thing. Why should the dogs be the only ones getting exercise?
5	This park has it all aquatic facility, baseball diamonds, soccer fields,  basketball courts, dog parks, and picnic areas!
4	This park is conveniently located about a mile from my home so with very active dogs, this is our go to place to take them.It's a well maintained park. It doesn't look or feel gross even though hundreds of dogs walk the park a week. The kids play areas are fenced off with signs posted to keep dogs outside the enclosure, helping to raise the cleanliness factor.My expertise lies in the dog parks because that is where our dogs go most days. There is three enclosures: one for 35 lb. and over dogs, one for 35 lb. and under dogs and a tiny one in the middle that they alternate between the others. There's a decent amount of seating with or without shade, but the reason this park doesn't get five stars is really because of the dogs and their owners.Dogs here can be a bit snippy and their owners either don't care or brush it off as it being my dog (because their both on the larger side at 35 lb.). Their also not very friendly. Most will completely ignore you and will not make small talk a few will but most won't. If you're not a social person or you just want to plant and let your dog do its thing while you do yours then this park is perfect for you.
5	Really nice park. They Have A Huge Dog Park also. It's a nice family park to go too. Not too loud, there are several play areas for the kids also and lots of shady trees to lay under.
3	The park is very nice. It is adjacent to a soccer complex/ park which is kept very nice. It also has trails for walking, skateboarding, they hold activities there too. My biggest complaint is lack of security/ police presence. For example last night I want to go for a power walk where there were lots of people etc for safety. However ad I was nearing the end of my second lap I noticed that 2 grown men were exiting the park but stopped to peek inside my very tinted car. Thankfully they darted off after seeing me approaching them. That is why I give his part 3 stars, other parks have roaming park staff why not this park?
3	This park is just OK and has plenty of activities including skateboarding, events, baseball and a dog park that is divided into three. If you are going to the dog park I suggest you go in the morning where  there are responsible owners who take care of their dogs. I went to the dog park on a weekend andthere were a combination of people from responsible owners to rude, ignorant dog owners ,one including a speedy, hyper individual with a jack russel mut. I suggest going early morning before the  vamps awaken
4	Cute place to have your doggy socialize with other pups. I recommend coming when the sun is setting because that's when there are the most dogs! They have two sections, one for small to medium dogs and one for large dogs which is great! LOL I did notice the Chair people that was mentioned in the tip.
4	I enjoy this park for many reasons.1.) I love taking my dog Kaipo here. He gets to play with a lot of other dogs. Make sure you clean up after you dog. 2.) Basketball courts are pretty cool, not that great but it does the work.3.) It has great open field for flag football 4.) Lots of sitting areas 5.) Love that there's a lot of things to do at this park. Great way to keep the youth out of trouble.
4	One of our favorite places to walk dog - so spacious, green, and clean.Our dog has become completely blind this year, and wanted to find a park with a large, unobstructed and seamless turf. She is scared of bumping into walls or stumbling over a dip, but she can run around in this park without fear, as if she can see things!I'm so grateful that Vegas has parks like this.
4	Super awesome park.  I went initially because of the skatepark.  It's rockin' for any level bmx, skater, scooter... It's a cement park with a big bowl and a snake run with spines, quarters and cool banks.  If you don't like crowds though go during the day while the kids are at school.  The dog park is also pretty good.  The people are generally friendly, except for one lady who doesn't let any dog even sniff her dog.  It is equipped with watering stations and bags.
5	The attendance is fairly consistent at this dog park and the dog owners are friendly.
4	I have yet to explore the rest of this massive park but for now my review will be based on the dog park within - hence the 4 instead of 5 stars (for now)First off, let me do you a favor and help you with navigating exactly where the dog park is located. So if you're coming down Durango going north, make a right on Twain and the small narrow road will lead you to the parking lot closest to the dog area - you'll see it come up on your left. If you're driving down Spring Mountain north or south, just turn towards Desert Breeze Pool, that entrance will lead you to the dog park and it will appear on your right after maybe a mile. Hopefully these directions will prevent you from getting lost or parking in the lot on the opposite side of the park, which is what happened to me. The dog park is nice. Two large gated areas to separate the large dogs from the small dogs. On the gate doors it says small dog area is for dogs 35lbs and under and the large dogs are for 35lbs and up. I brought my BFF (best furry friend), Optimus, into the small area. It's covered with grass and there's a small patio like area when you first enter, to sit or maybe have lunch at? There were some big dogs in the small dog area, which is okay to me just as long as your an owner that can handle your dog if things get a little too rough for the little ones. The park itself didn't really have that many features other than a couple of benches to sit at, a hydrant in the middle, and a couple of trees for shade. The great thing about both dog areas is that it's more than enough space for your furry one to be young, wild, and free in.
5	Great park for dog parents! I've lived down the street for 3 years, and just recently started bringing my dog here. He loves it. It's really big....and clean! I really love the sense of community at this park. People actually say hello and talk to you. Today, someone brought a large water bowl for all the dogs to share. We will be making this a regular spot from now on!
5	Absolutely love this park. Kids playground and dog park right next to each other. Super spacious. My dog loves this park. There always about 5+ dogs for him to play with. And it's very clean. The fence is also separating  the big dogs from small dog.Park always has a nice breeze
