5	At last, a sushi bar that isn't a hot spot, and isn't completely devoid of atmosphere. It is the perfect balance -- clean, but comfortable, sophisticated, yet friendly. What's more, the food is EXCELLENT.I have been there three times so far, and I have yet to find complaint with the food. The sushi is fresh and fantastic. Hana orders whole fish, straight from the coast. The ahi I had was glossy and ruby red; the flavor delicate. It had the perfect texture, with just enough "give," so that one does not struggle with biting it, and not so soft that it lacks substance. It was also a generous portion, draped over a small, but flavorful rice ball.Their tempura has lovely and light batter, and it enrobes fresh, crisp veggies, and sweet, tender shrimp. The miso soup is also good, and they don't hold back on the goodies. For once, I found that tofu can have flavor!When I ordered the bento, it was filled with all sorts of treats! Some I could not even identify. I am embarrassed to say, I was well and truly stuffed, when I finished eating it all. Surprisingly, the prices are very reasonable! Nigiri goes for about $3-$5, maki about $5-$10, noodle dishes $80-$10, and entrees $12-$15. I have only been during lunch time, so I don't know if these change for dinner.That all said, since it is brand-spanking new, and its staff is still learning the ropes, Hana struggles a bit with service. Sometimes entrees come out poorly-timed. Sometimes you have to wait for your dishes to be cleared. You might get a bit thirsty, waiting for your refill.But it is worth it. It is so worth it. Check it out!
4	I first learned of Hana from a friend of mine, but could never have the sense to say the name of it when asked out to lunch by random friends posing the age-old question "Where do you want to go to lunch?" Today, I remembered to say it.I'm going to call this part one of the review. Today was my first visit to Hana. The second part will be tacked on at some later date and this is why: THEY WEREN'T SERVING SUSHI. No. Really. Srsly. Being a brand new restaurant, apparently only one person (the server called him the "Sushi Rock Star") has been employed behind the counter rolling up sushi! I hope Hana can audition some more rock stars because I am anxious to audition a tuna roll.The pork ramen had to suffice and it was served in a mammoth bowl at a temperature not unlike our galaxy's sun. After about 10 minutes, it had cooled off to the point where I could taste it and it was very good! Much better than those 73 for $1 jobbies at the grocery store.The atmosphere was dark, and facing the door it was a bit distracting. It was kind of like being in a dark, seedy bar and having someone stand there with the door open... I imagine. The service was excellent and the server friendly. I felt sorry for him having to tell subsequent customers that they weren't serving sushi. It's kind of like going to a luxury car dealership and being told they only have Yugos. But hey... even rock stars need a day off.
4	I really liked Hana.  I'm not sushi expert, but I know what's tasty.  I'm not super adventerous with sushi, but the basics were good...the tuna sashimi, the spicy tuna roll, etc.  I was disappointed that it seemed a little pricey.  Lunch for 2 was $37, that seemed a bit much, but hey, it was a business lunch.  The servers were really nice and it's not a "scene" which I was happy about, but I don't know how long that will last.I love Central Phoenix.
5	The person above with 'duplicate review' has a link to a different restaurant.  This is Hana Japanese Eatery on 7th St.Corkage, byob!This is my favorite sushi/japanese restaurant in town right now.  Unfortunately they do not serve alcohol, but you can bring your own sake, wine or beer (just stop at AJ's on Camelback and Central on your way in).  Incredibly fresh and delicious sashimi and sushi, always fabulous specials on the board, and interesting items like fresh halibut or red striped bass really make for some great sashimi.  Service can be excellent to horrible (had a very bad server at lunch once) but is normally excellent, this is a family run business and the Japanese influence is seen in the fabulous dishes.  Make sure you order your favorite sushi rolls or sashimi, even if it isn't on the short menu.  They are glad to make anything you ask for if they have it available.  I had one of the best salmon skin handrolls i've had anywhere in the world here.  And the tuna tataki with crunchy roasted garlic was out of this world.  I'm a sashimi lover but these specials on the board have to be ordered because they are that good.   One night they had a special seaweed with lemon peel and green onions that I will order any time I see it available, amazing flavor and texture, very japanese.  mmmm.Not open for lunch on Saturday or Sunday, closed on Mondays.  Regular hours through the week.
4	bring your own booze! there wasn't any warning on yelp before i went. man, was that a disappointment.otherwise this is a great place with good atmosphere, a friendly staff, and very good sushi. however, the prices are a little on the high side. sushi costs around 2-3 dollars more then most other places and the dishes there are in the 15-25 dollar variety.it's a good place to try, but i can't justify going to it frequently with its prices.
5	Have been wishing for a sushi bar in our neighborhood for a long, long time (especially since Ayako/Akita-ya at The Biltmore closed) - never could have imagined one would open so close to our house and be this great. The sushi gods have blessed us!We've eaten here regularly since they opened and have never had a bad meal. In fact, we've come to regard sushi chef Koji as a culinary genius (and would back him on Iron Chef any time!) Clever creations like Poki Chips and Tempura Mint Leaf are downright delicious, and he makes the best sashimi and hand rolls we've ever had.What's best about Hana for us is that this is a neighborhood sushi bar - not a trendy hot spot . Focus here is on the food - and in just the right way. Not overdone like so many sushi spots with countless fancy rolls on the menu - and yet also not overly traditional like so many old-school sushi spots where they only offer standard nigiri and such (which can be quite good, don't get me wrong, but isn't it nice to add a little flavor and creativity, too?) Being a neighborhood spot, Hana is quite small and can get crowded during peak hours. There's a small dedicated staff here and when crowded, service and food prep can be slow, it's only expected. We like to go later and sit at the sushi bar - to us that's always the best way to eat sushi anyway.
5	This is some of the best sushi I have ever had, obviously fresh and made to perfection. The taste was rivaled only by the presentation, the Caterpillar Rolls looked like a caterpillar, complete with sprout antenna and octopus sucker eyes. My Calamari looked like a little squid was so fresh and tender it nearly melted in my mouth.The menu has a lot to offer for non-sushi lovers, too.The service was great, four servers despite the place being small and having only about 10 or 12 tables.Highly recommended!
4	HANA IS B.Y.O.B. (And bring some extra to share~!)My friends at Hana Japanese Eatery kick up some killer sushi.  I spend a LOT of money on sushi and I am a "foodie".  I am a fairly advanced sushi eater and can be trusted (You agree B?) I only gave 4 of 5 stars for the following reasons in order of importance:  #1:  Nobody is perfect so a 5 star just ain't gonna come out of me. (read between the lines).#2:  I wish they had a bar, but I don't mind bringing my own.Did somebody say "Family run, locally owned, neighborhood friendly?"  Yeah, I think this is the thing.If you really like sushi, give this a try, sit at the bar and ask KOJI (Rick) to give you all he has.
2	What a disappointment!  After such glowing Yelps, maybe I was expecting too much.  I have to qualify the review by saying that the only thing we ordered from the regular menu was gyoza.  Those were fair, but could have passed for the frozen kind you get from the Asian grocery and pan fry yourself.As for the sushi: both rolls and nigiri were covered with a thick layer of scallions.  If the quality of the fish it good, there's really no need for embellishment.  The fish itself didn't taste fishy or old, but it lacked any flavor at all, subtle or otherwise.  It had a high water content that made it seem like it might have been (gasp) recently defrosted.  This was backed up by the temperature...much too cold.  The sushi rice (yes, it makes a big difference) was a dense and glutinous mass.  You shouldn't have to chew rice that long to get it down your throat.  I gave two stars: one because it wasn't that there was anything  there to actually make you sick; it just wasn't what sushi is supposed to be, never mind what it can be when done right.  And two because the atmosphere was neighborhoody and casual, not trendy.  the waitstaff was really friendly, so much so we tried to justify the place to each other at first (a la maybe they were having a bad day, or maybe the next piece of sushi will be better) but no luck. The search continues.
1	Well were to start?  It might be because I just had some of the best sushi on the plant at Tei Tei in Dallas but I wasn't impressed here in the slightest.  My highlights:-Oolong tea-GariLow lights:-Rice, it was almost like mochi, just a gooey mess.-Fish was VERY cold, it was almost like it was almost to the point of freezing and then served.  Thus leaving the fish with little to no taste.-Loads of scallions on everything, rolls and nigiri.  I assume to give it some flavor.-Nigiri all had loads of ponzu on it.  Once again to give it a flavor.  This place has numerous good reviews and I will tell all of you to look harder!  I had better Japanese in Scottsdale last year, I think it was at Kyoto.UPDATE UPDATE- Best sushi in PHX is far and away Yasu.  Treat yourself and see what the real deal is like.  You will not be disappointed!
3	I was really excited to try Hana after reading all the great reviews.   I will not say that it was a disappointment, that would be unfair, because I really did like Hana.  I tend to be turned off by the slick over-styled sushi restaurants of Scottsdale, so I was immediately charmed by the homey neighborhood feel of Hana.  And the sushi was good.  Not the best I have ever had, but solid.  And who knows, maybe I didn't order well?  One can never tell.  I also must disclose that I went with my ex-boyfriend.  I'm sure this influenced my perception in some way.  He has issues with "personal space", so being at the end of a crowded sushi bar with a server  reaching over us, which I must admit was in poor form (the serve could have easily taken two more steps to the edge of the bar instead of reaching over our heads) was not ideal.  Plus, I was out to dinner with my ex-boyfriend. Need I say more?  This is never advisable.  I may need to go back another night to sample the fare under more favorable conditions.  We shall see.
5	Well I have to say for being a small place in central Phoenix this has some of the best sushi in the city. Hana is owned by the same guy who used to have the place in the Biltmore called Ayako. You get great customer service and really great quality sushi. The prices are as generous as the portions. It is a really low key, unpretentious place right across the street from channel 3 on 7th ave and Missouri.I love going here for lunch and dinner...even though it's out of my way. If you are looking for a new place for sushi that doesn't have that "chain" feel to it this is your place. Make a trip to Hana.
1	Okay, in the interest of full disclosure, this "one star" rating is based upon the shockingly cruel service we received from our server, and not necessarily the food.A group of friends and myself dined here on a Saturday night (February 2nd, 2008).  There were eight of us out to celebrate our friend's birthday.  Hana does not accept reservations and it was busy, so we did have to weight about an hour and fifteen minutes for a table.  Totally understandable, and I do not fault the restaurant for this at all.However, when one of the servers directed us to our table and we started to sit down, another server yelled at us to get up because he wasn't done placing the settings (we did not know this).  This was the beginning of the abuse.  For the remainder of the meal, this particular server (a stocky, young guy with black hair) proceeded to treat us as if we were an inconvenience to him.  He threw menus at us, and would only return to the table for the briefest of seconds to see if we were ready to order.  When it took more than a few seconds for us to poll the table, he would walk off in a huff.  One of my friends did not see the water that the server placed at the end of the table, and so when he asked for water, he was yelled at.  Another friend who asked for a side salad with his sushi was told simply "no." (a bunch of us just shared with him).  We all enjoyed the sushi.  My husband did not enjoy his ramen soup (the broth was really briney). When the server asked him if he wanted to take it home, my husband said, "no thanks."  The server asked him directly if he didn't like it, so my husband said, "not really."  But then assured him that everybody else really enjoyed their dishes.  The server then replied, "everybody else is welcome back, then."  This was not said humorously, by the way.  The server would not let us split the bill on several cards (although it was almost $300) and so my friend, who's birthday it was, had to chip in for us to cover the bill.You might ask yourself, why not just leave the waiter a poor tip to send a message on the inappropriateness of the service?  Well, because our party was large, gratuity was included.  In fact, I think the server knew this from the start and just decided to treat us terribly knowing that he would pull a $25 tip either way.This was so embarassing, given that this was a friend's birthday.  I had a cake waiting in  the car that I was going to ask the restaraunt if they would let me serve.  Given how mean the service was, we decided to abandon that idea and just head across the street to Mary Coyles for dessert.  It's wierd, I've encountered bad service before, but never just downright cruel.  I'm wondering if the owners know about this guy's behavior?So all in all:  good sushi, but not worth the abuse.  Maybe this is a better restaurant for one or two people to just sit intimately?  I'm really bummed about my experience since I had read really positive reviews.
5	A sushi bar has to earn my respect. First pass is a quick look-through of the fish in the display. I try to be unobtrusive about it so I don't look like a tourist, but if it's stacked up and already cut, or if I see a big vat-o'-spicy-tuna-with-mayo, or a microwave on the back counter, I'll just flee, or I'll order California roll.Second pass is to throw down the gauntlet to the sushi chef. A triple-whammy order of tuna, fresh salmon and yellowtail sashimi. Typically this order will cost between $30 and $40, so it had better be the goddam best the chef has to offer. Kojisan did not dissapoint. Either later in my first visit or on my second when we had dropped the pretense, he stuck out his chest and beat it with a quick head nod to say he took pride in vanquishing my challenge with ease. It was at least as good as the finest fish I've ever had in the valley (cut and served by Sushi on Shea's KING of the Valley, "Fred"-san).Now, I have spent the last 10 years at Ayako, and over those years, I developed a scale of sushi that is "worth eating". At the lowest level there is "good", then "very good", then "excellent". And at the very top is "life changing". Ayako was always very good, usually excellent, and sometimes if you're lucky, life changing. Hana is always excellent and very often is life changing.Now I realize this seems to be a lot of hoopla about a piece of fish, right? I mean, come on. But if you're a serious sushicon (connoisseur), you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I know some supersnob sushicons won't look at it unless if's alive just before you eat it. Yeah, that's pretty much a life-changing experience every time, but hey, this is PHOENIX, for god's sake.The third pass is the whole, deep-fried ama-ebi (sweet shrimp). This is a test of their tempura batter, knowledge of just the right size of shrimp, how to prepare it (which pieces of the shell to remove), and of the simplicity in preparation. The resulting presentation can seem scary to the unwashed. Two big eyes are staring up at you, tentacles sticking every which way, now crispy and yummy, and my final squeeze of lemon completes it. The "brains" are the best part.The fourth pass is if they know how to make a proper tamago (cold egg, crepe-like thing). It's fluffy like pastry, and it has seemingly thousands of layers upon layers, folded over and over like the finest katana. Once again, Kojisan presented some of the finest tamago I have ever tasted.The fifth and final pass is the hardest to fulfill. Natto is fermented soybean, which when potent smells like the nastiest stinky socks you've ever experienced. Most American sushi bars won't serve it because it's just too offensive to nearby diners. Those that do serve a toned-down mild version that is like a strong cheese. Natto is best served stirred with soy sauce and topped with the yolks of quail eggs, sprinkled with finely cut dried seaweed. As you are ready to eat it, dump it over a piping hot bowl of rice and devour. Wanna guess if Hana serves it?The service at Hana is edgy. Service uniform is hip, and like most sushi bars, the staff freely yell at one another across the dining room. Although Kojisan keeps the A/C on in winter to flush out loiterers, and even though multiple busers swoop down after your last bite to clear your empty plates, you'll have to wait 45 to 70 minutes at prime-time on prime nights to be seated. This can be awkward in the small corner of the front part of the restaurant without glaring at other seated customers, willing them to get the heck out of your seat so you can sit down. Arrive before 6:40 or after 9:10 if you loathe the wait.Please don't try this restaurant. And please don't tell other people about it. There's just not enough room for us all.  LOL. Enjoy.
3	Our server was very very nice and very accommodating.  I liked her a lot.  We all liked her a lot.  The sushi was plentiful and came on this gigantic boat that was kinda fun.  The price was right.But why not more stars?  It was the rice.  A bit gooey and mooshy for my liking.  The texture left me rubbing my tongue on the roof of my mouth.  As you know with sushi, the rice must be to perfection or else it's disappointing and it's all on personal liking as well.  My friends liked the rice, I did not.  So it's all relative.  It's BYOB, which is really cool and again the service was really great.
5	What a splendid surprise!  I had not heard of this place until I went for my brother-in-law's birthday and man was it great!  Small, out of the way and right across the street from Channel 3's station...What a gem!  The staff are extremely friendly and hilarious...Jokes are thrown about like so much fish  at the Pike Place Market.  Sarcasm so thick you could cut it with a knife.  First things first.....Food:  When any food comes out on a wooden boat, you already get bonus points, but when the food is excellent, it's even better.  We ordered the volcano, spicy tuna, Vegas, Hana peche, and caterpillar rolls and were amazed at their freshness and speed.  Kudos to the boat with a flame!BYOB:  Bring what you want and they refrigerate the rest...No more complaining about drink selection: bring or shut up!5 stars for ambiance, personality and a waiter who doesn't mind a mint being thrown at him!!!!
3	There are so many things *right* with Hana that one can almost overlook the sordid quality and schmaltzy presentation of their sushi rolls.Overriding every other concept of the restaurant is the fact that 95% of the hungry patrons at Hana are boozehounds like myself, and this place will cater to the unholy amounts of BYOB that each table will bring.  What is truly exceptional is that 1) No corkage fee 2) They will chill your white for you in an ice bucket at the table 3) If you bring beer, they will keep it in their fridge for you and bring you another as you continue to dine  4) everyone here relishes in this policy.Seriously, I witnessed a table of 5 with 5 bottles of wine and a sixer of some imported swill.  You could eat a seaweed wrapped piece of Gypsy at this saturation point, and it would taste like toro.So, my gf Melissa B and I get there around 6:30 on a Saturday loaded up with our Sav Blanc and six of Rogue Dead Guy Ale and with full intentions of waiting for a table due to the popularity of this restaurant and its 50 person max capacity.  Surprisingly, they had 3 tables open, all of them 4-tops.  The hostess informs us that the wait will be 20-25 mins and I'm thinking 'oh, cool, those tables must be reserved.  No worries.  Oh, and hey look!  There is a two top paying out'.  Well, after that couple leaves, they scoot over the two top to make it a six top and seat the aforementioned boozer-quintuplets who were rightfully there before us still waiting.  Okay.  No biggie, there are still open tables.A party of three come in.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  They get a seatAnother party of three stroll in.  Yep.  "Hi!  There is no waiting".  There goes our last chance of a seat for a while, and we're 25 mins into our wait.  Thank God I brought the beer.As I understand it, they will only seat parties of two at their two tops [of which they had few, and one was being used as an impromptu wine rack for the wino-Salingers] or at the sushi bar.  I really have absolutely no problem with this policy, but I could see how it would piss some people off -- maybe from an older generation who feel slighted by shit like this, which is why I'm even discussing it.  But anyway, we eventually we got our perfect little two top and preceded to order edamame and miso.  These are two staple appetizers for any Japanese restaurant.  The edamame came out cold, which was okay, as it is typically served cooled .. but I actually prefer my edamame heated and the server never asked for a preference ... hell, they even ask you at throw-away joints like Ra.  Since we are a culture of benevolent Americans who are intent on skewing EVERY foreign dish, I always assume that the edamame will be served warm.  Either way, I was too timid to ask since these servers seem to be flying around the small restaurant with nary a second to spare at the microwave.  The miso soup was excellent ... but if I'm looking for shit to complain about, they served it with that damn goofy, oversized spoon.When we got our boat of fish my gf and I commented that we would have liked a little extra prep time.  I mean come on, there needs to be distinct transitional times between courses.  We were only mildly impressed with the presentation.  The rolls were prepped very sloppily.  The yellowtail was absolutely lost in the rice.  The tempura shrimp was sliced so thin that it was destroyed by the chopstick.  The caterpillar roll had almost no essence of eel within.  The spicy tuna was good, but nothing to rave about as seems to be the trend when discussing Hana.  We also ordered the processed daikon off of their specials-board [which our server never went over BTW], and I would highly recommend staying away from this unless you curiously want to know what Little Lisa's Slurry from the Simpson's episode "The Old Man and The Lisa" might have tasted like.  Blech.  I'm sure it was downhome authentic, but Christ, THAT was vile.  Anyway, that was MY fault, not Hana's.I will say that the first time that I came to Hana [with Graham C and Yelp's famous Jerry], it was absolutely phenomenal.  I think something has been lost in translation.  Back then, their rolls were much better prepared and the toro was otherworldly.  Perhaps it is the hulking Melrose virulence seeping into their foundation.I will conclude with a statement about  how I am aware that Hana is going for authenticity; which makes the curt service, lack of formalities like "hi! how is everyone today" [I doubt they do that shit at sushi joints in Japan], and loud, bustling atmosphere work to a degree.  I can HOWEVER, see that being such a turn-off to those unwilling or unaware to put up with it, or worse yet, interpret it as rudeness.  I personally like the fact that places like Hana exist as an antithesis to garbage like Ra.  But every polarization needs an equilibrium, and for my money, time, and need for experience, nothing beats Sakana.
4	I really like this place.  Very tiny on the inside with about four tables on the patio. It's BYOB so that's kind of fun.  I really liked the food, I thought everything we tried was fresh and tasty.  It was served on a big wooden boat.   Tempura was average and nothing special.I liked seeing the sushi chef and his helper making the food. He was smiling the entire time we were here, and in some small way I think it made the food taste better.The service was all over the place, sometime they were all over us, and other times we had to flag them down.A true hidden gem that's a thousand times better than a "RA" style sushi joint.
5	Yay for Hana!  I guess I'm a little late to find this place but thanks to my friend Brian who loves to try out new places as much as I do (next up, BreadFruit) we went to Hana today for lunch.  I was impressed.  After my less than stellar experience with Tottie's earlier this week I still had a major hankering for some raw fish...Hana to the rescue!I had no idea about the small space and the lunch rush but thankfully we got there right around noon and were able to walk right up to the sushi bar and sit down.  After being greeted by the amazing sushi chef (didn't get his name) we were brought drinks and we immediately started putting check marks next to all of the selections we wanted to try.  Within a minute, we were handed this interesting appetizer of a few tortilla chips with a yummy crab salad with a rice vinegar tasting base.  It reminded me of squid salad - either way, it was on the house and was very tasty.Our first roll came out very quickly and was followed by a bowl of pickled wasabi to try with the sushi.  I have eaten at MANY sushi restaurants, but have never been given this.  Yum!  Placed on top of the sushi it is very good, definitely try it.  We went through each of the rolls - the Alaska was very good, the salmon nigiri was amazing, literally so fresh it melted in my mouth.  The Vegas roll and the Dynamite roll were great as well.  As we are finishing, the sushi chef starts talking to us about Giant Clam.  Neither of us had seen a Giant clam before, so he pulled it out and starts showing us how it splashed you with salt water that comes out of its mouth.  I thought it was very interesting, I'm not sure if the lady next to me did because she got salt water on her.  My friend and I had to take a picture because it was unlike anything I'd ever seen but like something I have definitely seen, all at the same time.  Its a little scary, I'm not going to lie.  In fact, it looks slightly like something from a 70s porn movie.  That's just what I've heard, not that I've ever seen a 70s porn, I mean, what kind of a girl do you think I am? Gosh!  I took a picture on my phone so I will post it here for those of you who have never seen one.Overall, I had a good experience.  As someone said earlier, the food tastes so much better when the sushi chef is smiling and enjoying himself.It was just fast enough for a lunch hour, just enough food, and just enough fun.   However, it did get very busy after we arrived and there was a wait when we left.  I would recommend getting there early to avoid the rush.  Oh, and if you're adventurous, apparently that scary looking giant clam is delicious when sauteed :)  I will let one of you try it first and let me know what you think.  I'm not that brave yet.
2	Used to love this place, and still think very highly of the food, but the recent emergence of awful attitudes from the owners and staff has put them in the back seat. Make no mistake, it is the best sushi in town, and Koji-San is the best chef, but everything else about it stinks. The wait staff is surly, and nobody could care less if you were actually in the restaurant. It is a BYOB, which I kind of like, but only if I can stop by AJ's and get a nice bottle of Sake or Shochu before hand. I recommend the ahi as it is always super fresh, and the mackerel is served in an extremely unique fashion. Nothing like looking something in the eye while you eat it.
3	So about 5 months ago I had a normal life, you know a dope little condo, a nice girlfriend, even a little pup, but what my life was really lacking, was a dopalicious sushi joint in my life and as if my eyelash wishes came true Hana appears, I can easily say its the second best sushi joint in Phoenix (right behind Yasu) and honestly if Hana could figure out a way to make there sushi rice a little more enjoyable I would easily pass the crown. There fish must be caught in Garanda Parks lakes thats how fresh it seems (I know horrible reference but they have great fish) and the statement BYOB is bob spelled with a y and who doesn't like bob (which will save you cash money son, plus there is something liberating about drinking 40's in public). So if you want to have ultra fresh sushi without all the garbage glam that most sushi places throw in your face, while drinking some steel reserve with a date who you are trying to convince that you once lived a normal life, than this place is perfect for you yo.
4	Ok, so this is a little hard for me since I have only eaten here once.  I have been to Hana three times, but twice they weren't serving sushi that day...odd.  I thank them for not giving me bad product, but no sushi?  I wanted sushi.  The one time I did get sushi it was pretty amazing.  It was fresh and delish!  I would recommend Hana to others, but it still doesn't top the amazing Tokyo Lobby (my personal fave!)
4	I haven't had a lot of sushi in the valley. So if I'm being totally sushi-naive for Phoenix, go ahead and let me know...I was incredibly excited to find Hana and have it actually be good sushi and near my hood! Our server was the sweetest woman. We ordered a bunch of sushi and were totally bummed that we didn't read about them ahead of time to know that they are BYOB. But beyond lacking good wine to couple with the food, we had a great mix of the typical spicy tuna roll, hana roll (good...love tempura....even if it makes me slightly a sushi sell out), tamago nigiri, seaweed salad, and squid sashimi. All really really good. I was totally impressed.The only downside about this place was that we waited about 20 minutes after receiving our first wave? of food to receive our squid sashimi. I also heard the table next to us mention that they had been waiting 30 minutes for a california roll (wtf?) and they had already finished their entire meal. The table behind us had the same complaint. So, I could kind of get it for squid (I assume you have to cut that extra carefully!) but california rolls...last I checked that isn't sushi science.Overall, I was truly impressed. The only advice I would have is to send the entire order out at once...
2	The best thing about Hana is that it is in my neighborhood. The worst thing about Hana was that I didn't enjoy the experience and I wanted to!The waiting staff was milling about the door area, ignoring people. I dislike when staff has people to greet but they are busy chatting about their social calendars or whatnot with their backs to the customers. However the chef's behind the counter greeted us very happily. The energy was such that I began thinking, "Hey, this is exactly what I was looking for! Hooray!" After we were seated other people came in and got like a group greeting. Maybe they are regulars. It would be annoying to group greet every single customer. There were two waitstaff running about like crazy chickens doing all the work. I was sort of curious about that, what was the point of having so many people "on" that weren't actively working the tables? We got one of the rushed servers and she spoke so fast we had trouble understanding her. We let her know we were new and would need some time to acclimate to the selections, but we didn't get a break about becoming familiar with what was offered and ended ordering hurriedly. As a result we didn't end up trying as many things as we might have. It's not good to rush people who are planning to explore a menu. I mean we can really spend some serious money on sushi if given half a chance.Despite the fast ordering, it was slow in being made. The chef  seemed busy making boats, so I was ok with waiting... for awhile. Then I just got rumbly and flagged down the server who was at that time actually bringing out my Endamame. Maybe I was impatient? The Endamame wasn't salted and they were cool. Not sure if that's the style for here, but I prefer hot and salted shells that pop open with light pressure. Not these. However it was a good thing I had them, because my wait continued and it would have been intolerable if it hadn't been for the pods.I was determined to be impressed with the fresh fish I read about and was hoping that we'd found a place close to home for happy sushi time. The octopus was not fresh. It was dry and very rubbery. The other fish was decent but there was too much of a fish smell, another warning to me. The  rice didn't hold either. Sloppy or collapsing sushi rolls always annoy me and then if I determine the fish isn't the best, I'm pretty much done. It was ok, but I truly expected it to wow me. I think we came at a bad time. It was dinner, but they weren't packed to the gills. The chef really wanted us to be happy it seemed, he did continually smile and nod our way. My partner did not let me see the bill. Apparently for what we ordered it was much higher than I would have liked. They always do that if they think I am going to feel upset about the cost/value ratio. We paid, we left, it's not going on our regular rotation. We might try it again, because there are an awful lot of good reviews here and it is really close to home, but so far when I've brought it up my partner I hear, "I don't think so" and "you have a really poor memory don't you?" I do my best to recall the happy sushi chef and think... maybe if I came on a good night he would make stronger sushi rolls and the fish would be just delivered and maybe my whole experience would be speical and I'd be thrilled to have Hana right nearby. As it is Hana gets Two stars= Meh. I've experienced better.
4	Quite very good! We came there Friday night as a small group of 8 people. Service was terrific. I would be hard pressed to find more accommodating personnel! Every one is super friendly without being too obnoxious, that is hard to find.  Its also BYOB, and that is a great plus! They will be happy to chill your beer and bring out a cooler for the table to your wine or sake. Super nice!Food was excellent too. One of the friends referred to it as "Best Ever!", but i do not know about that. It's surely VERY good - fresh, good quality, well prepared. All top notch.It was a good experience and while it was somewhat pricey, i will not hesitate to drop by if i am around there. "I like!"
2	I went to Hana expecting wonderful sushi. It wasn't.  There were some very enjoyable things about Hana, and although it wouldn't be my first choice, I would go back if the choice was up to someone else.The location is very convenient.  The place is small, and comfortable.  It looks inviting, and the employees are friendly.  They have a very interesting menu, but I had sushi only on this visit.  The sushi is served in a decorative wooden boat. Everything was very fresh, but not what I hoped for... The sushi was not bad, it just wasn't great.  It was a bit loosely rolled, and fell apart too easily.  They used fake crab instead of the real thing, but did not make that clear on their menu, and they did not have a couple of the things on their menu.I was really looking forward to their  tamago.  They had not made any that  day.  The waitress who corrected my order and refunded the money I was charged for the tamago was not happy.  It didn't seem to bother her that an item on their regular menu was not available, and I had been charged.  What bothered her is that she had to correct the sale and give me back the overcharge.  It wasn't the best experience, but as I said, the food was very fresh, and except for that one waitress, the employees were very nice.  I will probably give the place another try, it just won't be for a while.
5	Have you ever had one of those meals where every taste and every texture was an experience for your taste buds?  That was the way I felt about my meal at Hana's.  When I lived in Michigan, my best friend and I used to get together at least once a week for our sushi dates.  Since college, we have both relocated to Arizona and have still continued our culinary dates but had not had much luck with regard to real sushi (I mean Sapporo is good but a little too much of a scene for a regular spot).  With a little help from Yelp I found Hana and fell in love.  My best friend got there first and found a spot at the sushi bar.  Right away the server greeted her with water and the sushi chef offered her a sample of the evenings specialty appetizer!  Very impressive!We ordered edamame to start and also a  pair  of seaweed salads.  For our entree, we split several AMAZING rolls and finished the meal splitting a scoop of green tea ice cream and a scoop of plum ice cream.  SERVICE: 5 STARS  (Our server was amazing, the sushi chiefs were amazing, I mean...even the bus people seemed happy!)FOOD: 5 STARSAMBIANCE: 5 STARS (A perfect hole-in-the-wall sized sushi spot that may be a challenge for a larger group)I loved everything from start to finish and cannot wait to return!
2	What the heck am I missing here?  The rice again was ooey and gooey again on my last visit, sticking to the roof of my mouth and having a waxy feel about it  .... I guess some people like it that way?   I was hoping that it was just a fluke the first time but now also the second time.  Other people's review I trust give it more stars.  I just don't get it.
3	The sushi is ok-good, not worthy of a 4 or 5 and if you're OK with crowded, noisy, bustling places then Hana is for you.  The staff is very nice and will be as accommodating as they possibly can. It is BYOB and they will keep your drinks chilled for you. However, it is not the perfect spot for an intimate dinner or first date. You will find yourself muffling your ears and trying to compete with the noise level from every table in the room. Unfortunately my party was seated next to a large table of inconsiderate, obnoxious, cackling chicks who for some reason felt the need to constantly scream WOO HOOO throughout the entire evening. Don't get me wrong I love seeing people have a great time but this was not cool at all. My ears are still ringing from all the screeching. So here is the low-down on what we had:Tempura - 2+  Bland at bestSquid Salad -  3+ Shrimp Tempura Roll - 3, Fell apart and gummySpicy Tuna - 3, so so.. Lacked the burn that I'm used toVolcano Roll - 2, Gobs of mayo.. Gag!Baked Green Muscle - 5+ very good.I just wish the Sushi was great enough for me to overlook all this petty crap but it just wasn't. Sorry.
4	Have to knock down a star...Went back tonight and 2 of the 3 rolls were not nearly as amazing as last time...sticky, gooey rice and mushy tuna in a ball is not what I ordered.Still loved the ambiance and service (although we did feel slightly rushed) but hopefully the sushi can improve for next time...
5	Hana Japanese Eatery = Super-Awesome 5-Star Joint. 1.  Freshest fish in Phoenix.  The sashimi and nigiri are remarkable in texture and taste.   So good, in fact, that each bite makes the lucky biter pause and savor.   I almost died without their salmon and tuna nigiri when I was preggers. (And maybe I snuck a piece or two, but don't tell.)2.  Fantastic Japanese dishes rare enough that you won't find them in other sushi restaurants. Be daring and explore uncommon foods off their specials board. I've never been grossed out, only happily wowed, even when a whole fish, with skin on, arrived in front of us on one occasion. Seriously, it was great.3. REAL wasabi if you ask for it. (Did you know that paste is not wasabi's natural state when observed in the wild?)4.  BYOB.  It's fun!  BYOS (sake) for even more fun.5.  Great atmosphere: Not a hole-in-the-wall, yet not so trendy that they blare the club jamz and that the waitresses are all augmented.6.  Locally owned.7.  Attentive service! Sometimes sassy service!Go there! Eat fish!
3	I had to reflect on our dining experience at Hana before writing a review.  We had great company while dining here and that certainly colors the experience as a whole.First thing, Hana is BYOB so either don't leave your beer sitting on the counter when you head out like I did or go with cool folks like Kevin H and Marian H who bring a six pack and are happy to share!After reflection I decided that Hana merits about 2.75 stars.  They are better than average but in some important ways they fall short.We did not have any sushi so consider this review for the dinners only.We started with miso soup.  It was very *(salads arrive)* good.  Marian and my wife Audrey were cold every time the ventilation kicked on so the soup was a *(server tries to take Audrey's soup before she is done, is politely rebuffed)* nice warm-up.We were about to start on our salads and *(Audrey and Kevin's shrimp which comes with the steak arrives)* the chef or manager (I'm not sure which) came over and offered to provide several dressing choices so that we could try different ones.  I went with the *(Kevin's steak arrives)* ginger dressing, although the miso dressing was nice as well.  The shrimp which comes with the steak was served nicely arranged on *(server asks if I am done with my salad)* a small plate with lemons, they tasted very *(Audrey's steak arrives)* fresh and delicious.  Marian and I each ordered a tempura dinner.  They arrived and were nice and hot.  The veggie assortment was *(rice bowls arrive)* very good and the shrimp was tender and flavorful.  I found the pieces of fish to be overdone and one bordered on chewy.  The tempura treatment here was good but heavier than most.Throughout the meal two things were occurring that detracted from the overall experience.  The blower would kick on and the cool air was focused against the wall and right on Audrey and Marian.  Kevin and I were cool on one side, warm on the other.  We jokingly discussed changing seats from time to time when we were done on one side and needed to warm up the other.  I suggest an 8 foot ladder and some tweaking of the vents would correct this issue.The food had no pace and toward the end of the meal it become clear that they wanted to turn our table.  Lingering over dessert was not a welcome option.  Water refills stopped toward the end of the meal.In summary:  the food was pretty good, the pace of the food and service was rushed and random, company was excellent and the atmosphere was warm//\\cold//\\warm//\\cold//\\warm//\\cold.
2	Ate here months ago.  Was excited to finally find a Phoenix sushi venue, and one that also offered brown rice as a sub for sushi dishes (don't quote me on this however, since it has been many months and I may be recalling another venue).  One item did impress me, and that was the complimentary appetizer that was comprised of tempura'd chips with perhaps a squid salad topping (?)  I should have just ordered another serving of this!  Instead, I tried an Ao Yasai (mixed gourmet greens with ginger) and a sushi roll w/ brown rice, the latter I thought was price-y considering the very small portion given.  I was so unimpressed by its unexciting flavors that I don't even recall what kind of roll I tried!  Pretty sad, I know.  I told myself I wouldn't go back, but I would like to give Hana another try, perhaps for lunch and/or dinner with a group of friends and have apps and wine/sake!
2	Oh hell no.I don't understand the hype. I was totaly grossed out. I love sushi but did not like this place at all. It was overpriced, the menu was limited and the fish was a little too fishy for my tastes. It was like a lot of the sushi places I visited in Japan - but it was NOT like the good ones.I know Hana is one of the most authentic sushi restaurants in Phoenix, but that doesn't mean EVERYTHING has to be covered in mayonaise, does it? I hate mayo. The Hana roll was supposed to be a "house specialty" but it was just about as special as the Shrimp roll at Safeway. The Hamachi Kama was a highlight, but might have been a bit over cooked. The tuna sashimi was chewy and rough. Ew! Sashimi should melt in your mouth, not take longer to take down than roadside beef jerky. Also - green tea in a can? I can get that at Lee Lee's market. Fresh brew it or gring it up in a bowl or something. No cans please.I DID dig all the punk rock lesbian servers. The contrast of small Asian men to big lezbot women was priceless.
4	Even though they don't serve Sake, they do a great job as a bring your own place. The location is small, so if you have a large group you might have to wait a little while to be seated. It's definitely worth it though. As I look at the reviews of other Yelpers, I can't help but think that they're just ordering the wrong things. I mean, good sushi is about good fish. It really kind of bothers me when people say "I love sushi" and then either pick the fish off the roll, order something without fish entirely, or order something that's going to be drenched in some American sauce. The waiters have always been really knowledgeable and educated about the flavor profiles of their fish and are usually really good about letting you know what is going to be best that day and what is the freshest. I have yet to find a sushi place in Phoenix that has fish as good as theirs, it's not the best, but it's the best I've had in the valley. And, I don't know what Jenn H. (review below) ordered to get something covered in mayo? We always get a variety of different things and I have yet to have anything with any weird sauce on it.  I mean, I've probably been there 5 or 6 times, and I can't remember any sauce on anything. When my dad and stepmom came to visit from L.A., they liked this place so much that they actually wanted to go two nights in a row.
4	I've been to Hana about 6 times, once at lunch and the rest always at dinner. Each time I have been there I have seen the place full and the diners mostly happy. On two of the occasions we came in with large tables, about 8 people. Frankly the place is a bit small for that, but they accommodated us cheerfully and took very good care of us. Our last visit, on Saturday about a week ago was with 8 people. When we arrived the place, including the sushi bar and patio, was full and they had two other 8 tops. We were seated in about 30 minutes (they don't take reservations but if you have a large party and call ahead they do their best) and were immediately given drinks. Our waitress VOLUNTEEERED to split the check (unheard of!) and did so perfectly into four and with great care. While we were waiting they took our wine and Sake and Chilled it for us and brought it out immediately after we were seated, even splitting the sake into warm and chilled carafes at their own suggestion. The food came out quickly despite the full house and was well received; about 6 of our guests that night were first timers. Every morsel of every dish was eaten and then we ordered more. I see other complaints about the salads and etc. in other reviews, I can't comment I have never eaten anything but sushi there and it has always been excellent, fresh and carefully prepared. My favorites: Dynamite Scallops, Tempura Roll, Spider Roll, Vegas Roll, Poki Chips, Caterpillar roll. It also cracks me up that they sometimes play MXC on the flat screen at the back of the restaurant. Also, the last two times we took 3 or four bottles of wine and were not charged a corkage fee, I assume that this was a courtesy as we spent a couple of hundred dollars on food, but it was appreciated and noticed.
3	Thanks Hana for providing sushi to the central Phoenix crowd. Dinner last night was consistent with previous experiences. Fried oyster appetizer crunchy and succulent. Accompanying green adequately dressed. Tempura was crisp, not greasy, and a perfect match for the soy broth and soba noodles. Very tasty!But Hana, this is how I meant for the food to arrive. I did not want my entree of noodles, followed by my appetizer of oysters and then the greens presented as an after thought. Unfortunately, the three other diners that I was with had the same experience. Food arrived randomly. Rush! Rush! It was like Russian roulette. Then as we were settling into our meal, our server arrived with the check. Whoa Hana!  I know you have a small location and Friday is busy, but let me enjoy the good food that you serve instead of trying to turn a table.
4	I really enjoyed my trip to Hana.  I got three rolls that turned out divinely, including one baked roll, and the sashimi was very good as well.  My favorite part of the visit was exploring the items on the white board about the kitchen--we ordered about five of them, and each one was unique, delicate, and delicious.Go to explore, not if you want standard fare.  BYOB is a touch annoying but I suppose not so terrible if you plan ahead for it.
2	For the whole story of my experience here refer to Aletheia's post (my sis).  I wanted to put my two cents in that it was extremely over priced and the katsu was really really dry. As an example it was dryer than when i wake up after sleeping with my mouth open in Phoenix.Definitly sat in awkward silence for awhile though... :\  good thing we had a gift card to this place...cause i would be upset if i had to pay that much for this place and recieved poor quality food like that... Definitly not going back again...unless it is free.
3	the food was okay, it's a bit pricey. I liked the big wood boat they served our sushi on. not my favorite but don't hate it either.
3	First time to Hana...it's in my hood and I've been wanting to try it.  Favorable reviews from others, so my neighbors and I decided to go.  Very good food (not up to par with some other Japanese spots we love in other cities, but still very good).  We were having a wonderful time, enjoying conversation while paying the bill, and no longer than a few minutes after our bill was paid, the owner (we suspect) came over to our table and ASKED US TO LEAVE!  "I'm sorry, but there are people waiting outside...." she said.  We were stunned!  First time in the place, had to leave to go buy wine as we didn't know there was no alcohol, but still ended up having a really good meal until the end.  Now, it was 8:45pm on a Wednesday when we were asked to leave so the people waiting could sit (don't know why just we were asked to leave).  We walked out to see three people (one party) waiting outside the door.  The evening mood was totally changed.  I've never been asked to leave...anywhere...even totally hip, very busy spots in Chicago, Denver, LA.  Weird.  Not sure if we'll go back which is too bad since the food was very good.
3	The first time I went to Hana I really enjoyed  it. The Hana Bento Box was great as was the tempura ice cream. The second time I went was o.k. - the spicy tuna was average, but the volcano roll was awesome! I think the trick to Hana is sticking with their House specialties (like the volcano roll and Bento Box - and asking the waiters/waitresses what they recommend.
5	5 stars for the special fishes. The wild caught salmon, the ono, and a couple other atypical fish they had this past weekend. It's been months since I've been here (I'm wondering WHY it took so long to come back). Their fresh fish has always been the highest quality and fresh. I'm sashimi all the way - no rice to muss things up, and no desire for most of the cooked stuff - so my rating is really based on the fish experience. And the salmon skin - excellent rolls and hand rolls. I have found few, if any places in the valley with as good selection and quality of fish. Prices are certainly not cheap, but the if you are all about plain slices of raw fish, it's is way better than the cheaper places.
5	Lori and Lynn have created an amazing atmosphere here that makes you feel welcome and as if you are their most important customer.  Everyone takes care of you, not just one server. The food is always fresh and they will easily make anything you request.  I dream about the yellowtail because it is so fresh and tasty.  Those other sushi places are affected in my opinion and spend their money on fixtures instead of fish and staff.  Go here, you will love them.
4	I absolutely adore this place.  It's cozy, mom n pop, non corporate fun!My complete favorite roll is the baked salmon and I don't even really like salmon.  It's so tasty as is the Vegas roll and their steaks, which is not something I generally go to a sushi place for but if they got it...You do have to bring your own wine, saki, beer but that also means you don't have to pay marked up prices and you get exactly what you want.Getting blind drunk is not what this place is about however, it's all about the food.Give it a try if Zen 32 is boring you.
5	I contacted the owners about making a donation to a fundraiser and they were more than happy to help out.  I took a friend with me to have lunch and pick up the gift certificate.  We were both blown away at the Hana Bento box ($15 and I was stuffed with leftovers).  We split two desserts, the creme filled tempura and deep fried mango ice cream.  Both were great, though the chocolate sauce was almost too much sweetness.  The waiter was very attentive, and when we asked to split the check with two cards he was overly-apologetic about explaining the $1.50 fee per card, which we were happy to pay.I've heard amazing things about this place and I live nearby, so I'm kicking myself for not having gone sooner.  It is so fantastic and Lori and Lynn are philanthropists to boot!  Thanks so much you guys!
4	I visited a couple times  two years ago and wasn't that impressed, and decided to give it one more shot a few weeks ago. I had a great experience, and visited again tonight.Yay! I'm a fan.I tend not to order rolls with crazy sauces, or anything with krab. What I did have was knock-your-socks-off fresh and delicious.Yellowtail sashimi, Mackeral sashimi, and not the marinated to death kind, either, scallop, raw shrimp (with the heads deep fried), salmon. All were super fresh and delicious.On my previous visit, the hamachi kama and uni were both pretty amazing.It's not the least expensive place for sushi in town, but the quality of the fish was very impressive. Arigato!
4	We've been here before when it was so crowded and overly noisy and just made for a disastrous dining experience. We've also been here when the other diners have been more reserved and understood how to use their inside-voices. Definitely, I prefer the latter; definitely. Hana is a good value for the cost of dinner. One can bring in one's own wine, beer or sake which is a terrific deal. I've taken in a flask full of sake, warmed up in my lap, for sake bombers and didn't get any funny looks. The fish is fresh (or at least we've been fortunate enough to not have any freshness issues) and brought out in a timely manner. I understand we missed their 2-year anniversary. Bummer. I am happy to see they made it past this threshold. Maybe I'll see you there tonight?
1	giving two stars is very over doing it for this place.  I have been here several times and I thought it was great the first tie and the second not so great and I had sat up at the bar then.  Too noisy but then it is a small place with tables close to each other.  I had terrible service for being a suday night outside and not very busy. I coud not even get them to bring over napkins till  almost thru the fishest sushi I ever smelt and not appetizing at all. All in all an experience that will make me say NAY NAY.
4	There are lots of positives to this place, despite what previous reviewers might say:1. the sushi is good - not overwhelmingly fantastic, but they do have a tasty, fresh selection.  Their house rolls are worth trying.2. you can bring your own beer.  saves tons of $$$ - and they don't charge you extra for the glasses.3. the manager/owner is a very bossy, older Asian woman who gives you a real run for your money.  The woman doesn't waste a second, and will tell you what to order if you can't decide, even though you haven't asked.  It's entertaining, and I'm always a fan of the pushy Asian mother-types.4. they serve your sushi in a big fancy boat, which is way too big for the table but satisfies my need for drama in dining experiences.  It's a real "ta-daa!" at the dinner table.I definitely recommend this place.  It's fun, the food is good, and as I said before, you can bring your own beer!
4	Had a large group goto Hana for the first time (on a Sunday night without a reservation) and we all enjoyed it!  The waitstaff were quite nice and very accommodating, and the rolls were quite good and reasonably priced. The restaurant is BYOB which I rather like.  The rolls were very good and the fish tasted very fresh. The tuna rolls are $8, California rolls around $7 and various specialty rolls for $11-$12. They will also make the rolls to your own spiciness liking.  On the fun side, the rolls are served on a wooden boat with a flaming sugar cube!  The place is small and i can see how it could be quite noisy in there if it is busy. They charge $1.50 fee per credit card if you want to pay with more then 1 card. Overall I enjoyed Hana and will most likely be returning!
3	I've had better was what kept repeating through my head throughout dinner. Everything at Hana was decent, but nothing stood out as spectacular.Perhaps the Chef saves the best ingredients and extra effort for the daily specials, but he certainly didn't spend much time on the bento box, which is my go to when checking out any Japanese restaurant for the first time as if gives you a 'tasting menu' of what the restaurant has to offer. We also had a side of vegetable gyoza.The Good:  - the Salmon sashimi was quite good, fresh and flavorful- the tempura was great, light and crisp- the pickled vegetables were a nice addition to the standard bento fare. - the white ginger was nice and refreshing, a step up from the standard pink ginger at most sushi places.- great neighborhood vibe - small and intimate with a modern Asian vibe than isn't overly 'faux-Japanese' or 'trendy'- quick, friendly serviceThe Not so Good- the tuna sashimi tuna had the telltale mushy flavorless that comes from being previously frozen) - the 'chef's choice' sashimi (A white fish, but we didn't get a chance to ask what it was) was flavorless (although not mushy!)- the California rolls were quite disappointing - imitation crab meat and over mayo-ed (why do California rolls even need mayo?)- the wasabi lacked kick. (I'll be sure to ask for fresh if I visit again)- the gyoza tasted like the came pre-made and frozen.One comment on the BYOB.  While I usually like the idea of BYOB, (especially with no corkage fees), at a Japanese restaurant, i usually like ordering Sake or Japanese beer that can be hard to come at regular retail outlet in Phoenix).Overall, the experience wasn't memorable.  I may come back when the sushi urge hits (and order off the daily special menu), but it won't be a priority otherwise, especially with all the great other restaurants popping up in uptown Phoenix.
5	This is one of our favorite sushi places - the people are warm and very open, and the food is incredible!  We feel the portions are generous, the treatment authentic enough, and the options for feasting are endless.  I am not sure why they got only 4 stars - maybe I am just in love with the fact that we can walk there!
5	Super friendly and knowledgeable staff.  No liquor licence, but they also don't charge a corking fee which is great.The rolls are average, but their sashimi is excellent.  The yellow tail, toro, golden thai, and the holomokosomethingorother were so good and fresh that it basically melted in the mouth.  The pickled wasabi root that came with the Yellowtail was also quite excellent.  Apparently they get their fish in on Thursday, so if you want it fresh, Thursday is the day to go.  That's when I went and I gotta say Wow!  So good.The bill wasn't exactly cheap, but it isn't every day that you get that fresh of fish in Phoenix that meets that quality.A+  I will definitely be back (on a Thursday)
4	*cut to scene* Friday night, lounging around discussing the lameness of the evening, ready to indulge in a new adventure. six pack of Newcastle sits untouched in fridge and bellys aching for fulfillment. yelp.com search reveals a local japanese eatery nearby. enter, Hana.first off, pre-game excitement for this BYOB, local, fresh sushi spot. Newcastle in hand, my friend and I strutted in here at around 8pm on a mildly warm Friday night. the place is jammed, and a couple parties stand around waiting for tables. great, a long wait. nope, two seats open at the bar. sat down, and our beer was immediately taken and put in a fridge to ensure it wouldn't lose any of it's remarkably smooth quality.  first beer is poured, and the excitement ensues. friendly and welcoming server devluges us in the specials, and unfortunately they were out of most of their fish as they have been for three weeks. toro and salmon were our options, so we went with a special for the night, the spider roll, and the vegas roll. also, edamame to start.the food was superb. the edamame came spicy with a side of chili flakes and siracha for our never ending quest to burn the shit out of our mouths. a second round of newcastle was brought upon when our first was finished, and the sushi came shortly thereafter, looking like little pieces of art. both sets of rolls were enormous and came about 6 to a plate. the vegas roll was packed with cream cheese, avocado, and salmon. the special roll, the spider roll, was full of crispy soft shell crab and just enough spicy-ness for a much needed kick in the mouth. one dip in my wasabi/soy sauce concoction was more than enough.our third and final beer was poured by an overly-anxious and over-stimulated, presumably newbie, bus boy. I had about 4 inches of head on my beer and my friend got hers spilled and nearly twice as much head.  he excellent waitress we had made up for this guys slips during the meal. the staff wished us a nice farewell on our way out, and I felt as though I had just left a very close friend's house. I will definitely be back with more six packs and good friends to share this little diamond in the rough with.
5	Hands down best sushi/sashimi I've had in valley.. I know there are several other good sushi places in the Valley but they are too far of a drive for me to go. Its not cheap but its not extravagant. BYOB. Japanese-run. They also close for holidays and holiday weekends..so check before going. You will leave smelling like Tempura.
5	I went to Hana last night and many nights before that.  I have never been disappointed with Hana.  Usually amazed.  The chefs and staff are great at what they do.  Hana uses fresh garnishes that I haven't seen in other sushi bars in town.  Pickled wasabi is one of them.  They accent with little ingredients  that make the food and presentation so much better and interesting.The fish is out of this world.  We give chef Kojisan the option to create a dinner for us (my partner and I) and what comes out from behind that bar is natural goodness enhanced by a master's creative touch.They know us at Hana.  We get the rockstar treatment along with good suggestions and samples of something new on the menu.  We are usually blown away.We had the ramen noodles last night for the fist time.  Wow!!!  That pork was incredible.  For the first time we tried the Kobe beef sashimi.  Not bad.  Not bad.The staff at Hana are super friendly.  They are always wearing smiles in that busy atmosphere.  There are seldom new faces within the staff.  The employees stick around.  It must be a great place to work.  It is a fun environment.Hana does it right.  In all aspects.
3	I've had both great and sub-par experiences here so I gave it the middle of the road rating.The first time I was here, I was blown away by how different the sushi was and how they had things no other sushi bars seemed to have in Arizona.  The next 3 times I went back, Sunday, Sunday, and Friday back to back, I've been noticing things that I did not notice the first time.First, I would like to say that I believe that a waiter/waitress should not wear cologne/perfume.  I did not notice it the first time I went, but every other time, I noticed the guy bringing the sushi literally bathes in the stuff.  I'm about to eat a bite out of my 10$ per serving of Monkfish liver and catching a big wiff of [insert popular brand of men's cologne here] is not appetizing.  Especially since smell is so heavily associated with taste.  A very big faux pas in my book.After the great experience the first time, a few months later, I went 3 times in a row... back to back Sundays and Friday, I was able to notice that their specials didn't change in that time frame.  The chef's-here's-a-little-something-extra-you-didn't-order was the exact same also.  Maybe it's just me but I know a lot of places change their specials at least once a week.  How is the special still fresh if I see it every time I go?  I know the special is still there because they have not sold it out yet.  You know?Also, their tempura is really sub-par in my book.  I know it's pretty hard to not have good shrimp tempura, but it's really blah. I've been able to taste it every single time I went there (it comes out as a side to a lot of noodle dishes such as udon and soba) but it tastes really floury and oily, and it's pretty heavy, batter-wise.  Shrimp tempura should be very light, almost an airy crisp, but not here.  My fellow diners were all in surprised agreement their tempura really was pretty blah.  Also, if you really like the tempura sauce other places have; the warm savory dipping broth other places have with grated daikon radish, don't expect it here.  You gotta use your soy sauce.  :(Their cold soba noodles are very salty.  I've had to ask for a glass of ice and literally had to use the entire cup to dilute it enough to tolerate the saltiness.  The praises of this place come from the type of sushi you cannot find elsewhere.  I love the saba here, which is Mackerel.  Other places usually take the easy route and marinate it in the pickled ginger juice or their own vinegar marinade, but this place really serves the raw stuff.  Very good.  A must try in my book.  Sometimes Hana has monkfish liver, which is hard to find elsewhere.  It's better than uni (Sea urchin gonads) and literally the foie gras of the sea.  Very similar in texture and taste.  Mmmm... So good!!!Better than the average sushi bar, but a couple of things really rubbed me the wrong way and therefore brought my rating down to 3 stars.
2	Loved the selections of fish. No complaints there. The food all tasted wonderful and were presented perfectly. Flavors were great. But the portions were ridiculously SMALL. Almost laughable when they brought out our plates. For the price, which is on the high end, it was pretty bad to have quarter size pieces of sashimi. As good as it was, I doubt we would go back because of how small the portions were. For my husband and myself our bill was over $130 which I don't mind paying when we have a sushi night. However, we left hungry and had to stop and get some desert.
5	Now this is a sushi place!! Authentic, small yet delightful! You will not be disappointed with the fresh fish selections they use! I love this place!! Thank you Hana! One of the best in Phoenix!! No liquor license and so far do not charge a corking fee.
5	What a disservice I have done to not have reviewed Hana previously! This is my hands down favorite sushi spot...no question!First, the staff is so incredibly nice! This is a family run operation (Laurie, her brother, her mom, her dad and so on) whom are so welcoming and friendly! They always remember my GF BF and I and make amazing accommodations for his wheat allergy! Plus, it is a BYOB with no corkage which always makes everything better!Next, the fish is by far the freshest in the valley! It absolutely just melts in your mouth and the portion sizes are perfect! If you sit at a table, you also have your sushi served in a boat...who doesn't love a boat?!? Also, the rice is a very good stickiness and always cooked to perfection!My GF BF and I have also ventured off the sushi menu and tried their shabu shabu (swish swish) Sunday night special and the most amazing Asian dish I have ever had called Gyu Don Nabe (it's on the kitchen specials board). Simply amazing!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!It's not a huge place so be prepared to wait sometimes, but it is completely worth it!! Can't wait to get my fix again!
2	I have had good and bad experiences at Hana in the past, and overall, I like their sashimi choices, but last night was the final straw. The wait staff is very hit and miss, with most being fun and friendly but a few being the typical 'cooler than thou' hipster wanna-be types that seem to plague Central Phoenix restaurants these days. I can overlook the BYOB (which honestly I find annoying in a sushi/Japanese restaurant since I love an ice cold martini with raw fish) and the sometimes attitudey service, and even the ho-hum rolls offered (nothing special, really). But what I cannot overlook is the ridiculously overpriced items and the blatant overcharging. My partner and I were going to order the oysters, and when we were told it was $9 for 2 oysters we politely declined with more than a bit of amusement. 2 oysters, really? Durants, which has amazingly fresh oysters, presented incredibly, and is one of the priciest restaurants in the area charges $13 for a half dozen- in a far better atmosphere. Ok, so then I order the Chirashi bowl, which apparently is not on the menu but they will do it anyway. I always get the Chirashi as it is my favorite item at sushi restaurants, and Hana does a very nice one indeed- for $35!!! Of course you don't know this until AFTER you get the check since it's not listed anywhere. I understand that I ordered it and I should have asked, but honestly I have ordered this a hundred times from SF to LA to NY (and even at HANA before!!) and have NEVER seen it more than about $20-22. Locally, it goes for $19 at Stingray, and $17 at Sakana (which btw is much better). Anyway, I have never in my life complained about food prices before so it is a little weird having to write this, but I truly feel Hana is fleecing people and since they were the only game in the area for a long time, they think they can get away with it.  We'll see what happens now with Stingray opening up nearby, and Moira downtown, along with a few other newbies scheduled for openings in 2010. Competition is a great thing! Some advice for sushi lovers: it's a bit of a drive, but Sakana is still hands down the best sushi in town- with a full bar and dinner for two in the $50 range, including drinks.
3	If I had to choose one word about Hana it would be (drum roll please....) inconsistent. I keep going back, so that's got to say something (however, there aren't many other options in Central Phoenix, so that doesn't hold a TON of weight, per se)  I've been going here off and since they opened, and the food is pretty good. Service can be a bit off, I've even had rude service a time or two. On the flip side, I have also had some pretty good experiences (all though I almost always get takeout, ain't really diggin the BYOB thing. It was cute at the beginning, but after two years? really?).  My wife and I generally get the baked mussels, which are decent. I tried the Yakibuta today (slow roasted pork) which I really liked. The rolls are average, nothing to write home about (by home, I mean Seattle so I guess I could be a bit bias)  Overall this place is pretty good for the area, but it is a bit on the high-price side. If there were more options in the local area, no doubt they'd have to lower their prices a bit. Based on an article I read in New Times, there's going to be a Stingray Sushi opening up in Biltmore some time this year, so that may give Hana a run for it's money. My final verdict, meh.....
4	Me so Hana!I've taken my brothers and sisters here for dinner on multiple occasions and we always had a great dinner. While its a small place with maybe 10 tables and bar seating, it is packed with fresh flavors.We sat at the bar last night and while we were waiting, the sushi chef handed us a plate. It was a cucumber/crab salad on a fried wonton crisp. We ordered a bowl of their tempura udon, the Hana roll, the tempura shrimp roll, the spicy tuna roll and the squid salad. The udon broth was seasoned perfectly and a great compliment to the tempura battered veggies and shrimp.The squid salad was tender, lightly seasoned and full of textures. A must-try. This is the only place that actually makes the spicy tuna roll spicy. The food/fish is fresh and the staff is uber-friendly. I like coming here for good sushi, especially since most of Phoenix/Scottsdale usually is full of trendy or not-so-good sushi places.
4	This review is the splitting image of Jekyll and Hyde: Hana when going for Sushi (specifically makizushi aka rolls--I'm not much for Nigiri or Sashimi) = 3 Stars. When going for Noodles = 5 stars.Last night I went for sushi and I haven't for a really long time because I feel their sushi is quite pricey in comparison to other sushi 'rants and that there's less roll variety... less you brave the under described Specials Menu. Another annoying thing is that the sushi is BIG. In Japan, you are supposed to eat sushi whole, but when we ordered the Hana Roll (Their best standard roll, IMHO), I could cut it into two perfectly sized pieces--if nori was nicely cut-able so in the end it was a disaster on my plate and eaten piece-meal. I told the friend I was dining with that this is the sushi version of eating ribs on a first date... too messy (At times I had Avocado lipstick moments)... but I have to admit, all the contents of the roll were tasty and I liked their eel sauce consistency and proportions (sometimes it can be over slathered and/or runny, drenching the rice till it's rendered un-sticky and difficult to handle. Remember, traditionally, sushi was meant to be eaten by hand... the original Japanese, sandwich if you will. I did enjoy the way it was presented... on a boat with a little pyrotechnic touch.Now on to the*real* good stuff... The Noodles... I WILL SAY THEY HAVE THE BEST RAMEN IN TOWN! My brother, who I describe as a carboholic eater, but more specifically a noodle-holic states it is his favorite in town hands down... and, so do I. It's the broth that does it. And you get SOOOOO much more when you get any of their noodle dishes. You get a starter salad in the best Miso dressing in town, according to my opinion... and, if you get any of the tempura options, you get the SAME amount of tempura you would get as an appetizer order for $6.95--In Hawaii, you usually only get 1-2 pieces of ebi tempura--to dredge in your bowl of noodles! (Note, the bowl of Tempura Soba is $9.25). It is so hard for me to NOT get this meal because it's warm and comforting for a girl from the islands, and it's own little 3 course meal for one low price! Hard to beat, but I do struggle when ordering because their Yakibuta Ramen (Japanese BBQ pork w/ egg noodles) is also SO good. I've tried to make the pork at home, but it doesn't come out nearly as soft and tasty as theirs... it's heaven! (Good thing you can order it as an appetizer!) The ONLY thing that remotely upsets me about the Noodle portion of Hana's menu is the no substitution clause, which is understandable--the chef wants the noodles to be prepared as they are, but oh would I for once want to change the Soba noodles into Ramen Noodles and add the Yakibuta slices into my bowl that already has Tempura in it! Sometimes a girl just wants it all, all, all, ALL!Now on to the peripherals... There appetizer menu is quite broad... I'm hoping to try the oysters and mussels one day... The Agedashi Tofu is piping hot and tasty with the katsuobushi (fish flakes) that move in dramatic ways as the heat rises from the tofu... sort of eye-boggling and entrancing! And don't forget the Miso, Octopus, Squid Salads, Yakibuta and "Varietous" Tempura plate... all YUMS UP for me! (It was fun haggling with my friend for the veggies we wanted. I got the Shiso Leaf and he felt he got the better deal acquiring the mushroom). Their Bento Box meals are also a great price for the variety of meal you get, and I'll admit, I would buy their Chicken Katsu if I was jonesin' for it but was too lazy to cook it myself.Lastly dessert... I've only been up for it once (Usually too full from apps or already equipped with desire to cross the road and put my Mary Coyle's Ice Cream cravings to rest), but last night, we went all out and tried the Tempura Ice Cream... of which I was surprised it was Tempura MOCHI Ice Cream... I was just expecting a crunch and then ice cream... instead I found some surprise "Gumption" between the two and it made the experience one with strange faces and long tastings and thoughts racing in my head contemplating whether I liked it or not... too long a ponder = the answer: not so much. Nice attempt, but I'd say stick to the subtlety of the Mochi Ice Cream experience!Oh! Almost forgot about service! I must agree with other Yelpers in their spottiness but there is one waiter who has always made a good impression on me. Last night he served us our Ice Cream and since it came with 3 pieces he made a gesture to grab a chair and come join us for the 3rd piece. Another time, he and I enjoyed raving about the awesomeness of the Yakibuta. I also like that he reminds me of those Japanese "cool kids" hanging out in Harajuku.So, all in all, a very roller coaster ride through the land of Hana (Flowers). Definite reasons to come back and definite reasons to steer clear. Just depends on what you're in the mood for. Noodles YES, Makizushi, not so much.
5	This place has the best sushi in Phoenix.   Make sure you bring your own saki, beer, or wine though...
4	I think I have found my new favorite date night sushi joint.. Last week the illustrious David B.  was recommending Hana to the ole plus one and I .. being the adventurous couple we are ,we invited our sushi friend Paul and family to  join us to try somewhere new.. First Note : Hana is small groups are not their forte..although they nicely accommodated our large 7 person group.  After being seated we took in all the specials on the board and began making sushi plans .. Second Note  : Our waitress had a difficult time understanding our order, not sure if it was language barrier, ordering a little unusual , the larger party or what... daughter doesn't want any wasabi or garnishes on her sushi...  after getting order ins  , it wasn't long before some lovely  sushi began coming our way.  Unfortunate Waitress did not understand daughters order and it came with ta daa  onion garnishes .. the owner (?)  came out and rectified the situation with finesse..We ordered for hubster and I : Hana roll  a tasty roll with friend shrimp sticking up all over  good stuff, rainbow roll  clean and traditional,  Vegas roll , nice touch because it was fried but not doughy or overly  breaded like some places get it , and a tasty  hot volcano roll  , not the fave but still  a good roll, we also had tako salad our favorite extra at japanese restaurants , theirs is a sweet yet vinegary concoction  that me happy loved it.. Friend   Paully ordered  a seared maguro dinner that looked tasty.  All the food was refreshing and delicious  but here is where it went wrong  Third Note , traditionally in a restaurant when you have a big party of people done with their food  and they are staring at the wait staff and fidgeting with the empty plates and suck on the ice cubes you bring them the check ...guess our waitress did not get that memo... we sat and sat.. finally the womenfolk took the kids across the street for Mary Coyle ice cream to let the men wait in peace. Fourth Note, how do you negotiate the 20% gratuity already added in when the service wasn't up to par?   Well once again owner ? Lyn came to our rescue and rectified the situation .. Hats off to Lyn who did an outstanding job of smoothing over a bad situation.  Because of her we will go back and give Hana another try  just with a smaller group and not the same waitress. Oh and BTW  they use Sweet Republic for their ice cream .. got give that a try next time...
4	Finally go in here after all the great feedback i have heard.  The food was good.  We split a bento and a few pieces of sushi on the side.   the fish was all very fresh and nicely presented.  Service was spiffy.The special board has lots on it which we did not explore onthis visit but will on a next visit.Prices are towards the higfher end for the sushi/sashimi but there are also a lot of other great japanese dishes on the menu.  Would be fine to take a non-fish person there.One minor complaint was the tea.  A place like this should have decent tea, they served us a grocery grade oolong that was not very good and took away from the experience.
5	We have been coming to Hana since it has opened. This place has replaced our need to go to zen 32 for sushi because the service and the food us 10 times better. If you want fresh fish and great staff thus is the place to be. Lori the owner is always there when we come and she always makes sure to say hi even when she has a house full. We love the sushi especially the volcano roll and the spicy tuna. We also order the hamachi Kama (sp?) which is a cooked underbelly of tuna. Amazing! Try this place if you want great sushi!
5	oh yeah, uh huh, uh huh...visualize peeps: Its the happy dance! You freakin' yelpers made me look like a rock star for picking this place for a lunch meeting. I said, uh, no Stingray, lets go HERE. It was a pleasure. We ordered sashimi, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, yellow tail and volcano rolls. It was all good and very fresh. We especially enjoyed the volcano and at the end of our meal, our server suggested the dynamite roll for a return visit. We were still hungry and stoked so we ordered it right then. It was amazing and delicious. For our lunch the service was spot on and really friendly. I totally enjoyed the sushi chef and helper thanking us for coming in. I can't think of anything that would have improved the experience. YAY!
3	I used to love this place but now we go more out of habit. We got take-out there the other night for a light meal and managed to spend $30 on a regular spicy tuna roll, a specialty roll and side of steamed rice. $30 seriously? And the specialty roll was only 6 pieces which was disappointing given the cost. Looks like Hana is starting to cut back with prices staying steady or increasing. A sign in the front alerts patrons who want to split checks that there will be a $1.50 charge on each bill "given the recent economy." I find that pretty unbelievable. Anyways, the food is generally pretty good. One of my favorites is their Hana salad although I was pretty disappointed when they began layering the bottom of the salad with iceberg lettuce instead of the usual mix. Again with the cut-backs. Don't get me wrong. I like Hana alot but I think they are becoming overpriced for food that is good but in an average way comparable to other Asian spots.
3	More like 3.5.  Please don't stab me with your CenPho torches.I'm having a connundrum with sushi in Phoenix.  I am well aware that I live in the desert, and perhaps sushi here should just be better left said then done.  I've lived in several different (large and small) cities across the US and of all of them, I'm having the hardest time with sushi in Phoenix.  I don't mean to turn this into a "there are no good fish tacos in Phoenix" rant.  Firstly, service here is so polite, friendly and top notch.  I will come back for this.  I have only tried the rolls so I hedge this review with future anticipation of trying other menu items.Other reviews of Hana rave about the sushi.  Anticipation of fab food is part of a double-edged sword when trying a new dining joint, which may have added to my slight disappointment with Hana.They have a nice variety in roll offereings but I just felt like --- and I feel this way with most sushi offereings in Phoenix-- that the majority are not too adventurous and tend towards shrimp and panko/crunchy/deep fried associations.  This theme just doesn't seem suitably sushiriffic for me.  I want more than a california roll, spicy tuna and deep fried-something something.  ANYWAY.Setting aside that needling analysis, the rolls were filling, good tasting, etc.  I was otherwise pleased.
3	I have always heard of a bento box, but never seen one before until today for lunch. It was quite tasty. It was kinda fun having one we thought.Looking over the menu, they are quite expensive for what I am used to with Sushi. I know its Phoenix, and Sushi is probably pretty hard to come by, but to me this sushi was just average. We had a spicy tuna roll while waiting for our bento boxes and we both agreed it was just ok. A rainbow roll here goes for about 15$ which we both thought this was on the high side compared to some other places we visit.The service was excellent and their staff was very friendly. Its a good place that is semi close to downtown if you need to get your sushi kick for lunch.
5	Ignore most of my previous review.Went here Saturday.  Place was hopping but food and service were excellent.  Brought an extremely picky foodie friend visiting and he loved this place.  Loved the dumplings, toro sashimi, yellowtail sashimi and mackarel sashimi.  What I didn't realize the last time I ate here when I spouted off about limited sushi selection, is that they have several sushi specials which more or less doubles their offerings.  New favorite sushi place.  Seriously, get over there!
5	We went here last night, Friday.  Walked in, jammed, figured it would be a long wait......surprise, within 15 minutes we were at the counter - which was an awesome place to luck into sitting.Our waitperson, Carol - outstanding!! - guided us through the extensive menu......as usual when we're new to somewhere, we over-order.....but oh so good.  Sushi was killer - best I've had since Honolulu. Love the BYOB - our Chardonnay was a tad warmish by the time we got seated, but staff brought over an ice bucket (classy!).....We'll definitely be back - maybe just won't order so much.  Agreed with some reviewers can be a tad pricey - but given the quality, I don't mind paying........worth a visit if you have shied away so far.
5	Thanks to Yelp, I found this place and ventured off last night. What a great way to start the well needed/deserved weekend...with a fantastic meal!We arrived about 6:30pm and were seated after only a few minute wait.  Our waiter was Nick and he was both helpful and dead on with his recommendations. I had forgotten that it was BYOB so the waiter quickly directed me to a liquor store across the street...niceWe pretty much left the ordering up to him and here is what we had. Toro Tataki....basically a loin of toro rolled in seasoning, seared and sliced thin. Awesome. We followed that with a special call Lil Dino....was a roll w Shrimp inside, thinly sliced scallop on top and a spicy sauce on top of that and then quickly baked...Unbelievable. Next, we had a few pieces of sushi.... giant mackerel and red snapper. Both had great flavor and texture...fresh, sweet and soft as butter!Fresh Grilled Squid w Ginger Soy Sauce....need I say more? YumWe usually pass on dessert but figured we should try one more thing since everything had been awesome!  Wasabi Vanilla Ice Cream....tasted like it sounded and with fresh wasabi on top, we could spice it up even more. Overall, this place rocks....we will absolutely get back there before long.   (maybe even try the Shabu Shabu they have on Sundays!)Go, let the wait staff guide you and enjoy!
4	Feeling adventurous, we grabbed some Kirin and headed down to Hana.1) We started with the Green Lip Mussels.  INCREDIBLE...best I have ever had. No exaggeration. They were GREAT.2) Next we tried the Lobster Roll Special.  Awesome.  A huge roll with a giant piece of lobster on each piece.3) Moving on to the Dynamite Roll...OMG (you have to say it like a 16 year when she gets the keys to daddy's BMW.)  This was the highlight.  It hardly qualifies as Sushi.  A giant steaming pile of crab, scallops, cheese, and sauces over some type of roll.  Wow.Our server was EXCELLENT when he was around.  He spent  a considerable amount of time explaining several of the specials. He was one of the most knowledgeable servers I have ever had. To be honest, the only negative of our experience was that he only stopped by our table three times in just over an hour...ouch.  If it weren't for having to flag him down to order or get our check, I would have given Hana 5 Stars.I love the fact that they are BYOB.  This is a huge plus.Give this place a shot. I will definitely be back...many times.  GREAT FIND.
4	Based on all the yelp reviews, my Mesa friend and I came here for dinner tonight.  It was a fantastic choice.  Our waiter was super nice and super quick.  The atmosphere was dim and cozy.  Definitely would not recommend this for a big group though, it would be a bit cramped.  Here's what we ordered:1.) Ika Kara Age (Sweet butter marinated squid breaded to a crunchy finish)  -  This dish was DELICIOUS, the squid was cooked just right! It wasn't chewy, rubbery or overcooked. It was tender, just enough flavor ...and many pieces in one order!2.)  Agadashi Tofu (Lightly cooked tofu served in tempura sauce with bonito)  -  This dish was a little bland, you'd think that since tofu doesn't have much flavor...the majority of the flavor would be in the sauce. But no.  We had to sprinkle salt into the sauce ..which then made it better.3.)  Umi No Sachi  (A sashimi salad)  -  A bed of mixed greens, HUGE chunks of sashimi all drizzled with a creamy white sauce.  This was the highlight of our dinner. I've never seen a sashimi salad for $16 that had this much sashimi that was so fresh, cut into such big slices before.  I absolutely give this dish 5stars!!!!!!!  You HAVE TO try this.4.) Alaskan Roll -  A california roll wrapped with raw salmon.  You think, what's so special right? There must have been a secret sauce they put inside this roll because you got this amazing after taste...that just made you want to take another piece and another piece....and another piece...5.)  Philadelphia Roll  -  A roll with cream cheese and salmon.  This was average, nothing significant but i was happy.6.) Spicy Tuna Roll -  REALLY good spicy tuna roll, made me regret not ordering a spicy tuna hand roll....i bet that would have been orgasmic.  All the more reason to revisit!!    :)
5	One of THE BEST Japanese restaurants in town!  (My other choice is the Hiro Sushi in Scottsdale)I've been here several times and always had the most delicious foods!  I usually order sushi and several items from the 'special' menu on the wall.  The fish is so tasty, raw or cooked!  Also, the rice is really good here. (I know, it's silly but it's really key to a good Japanese meal to me :))  The menu consists of variety of Japanese comfort foods too so you can try different types of Japanese food other than Sushi and Sashimi.I love the BYOB so you can bring your own alcoholic drink, if you so desire.  They'll keep the bottles chilled and serve it to you when you want to refresh your drink.  I believe they'd also warm up your sake if you like it hot.The inside is quite small so if you don't want to wait - for dinner -  (there's not much of a waiting area either) I suggest to get there right when they open :)If you like Japanese food, this is the place to go :)Arigatou!
5	Best sushi in town! Always high quality sushi...service is great...many unique specials.  The BYOB policy sets this place apart from rivals like my other favorite sushi joint, Yasu.
5	SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT.It's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like:-- real Japanese Kobe beef.-- live ama ebi-- live scallops-- live giant clam-- daikon delight-- zaruten soba-- miso ramen-- monkfish pate (ankimo)-- oysters on the half shell-- bento box delight-- hamachi kama-- natto maki-- hawaiian walu sashimi-- shima mackerel-- wild salmonAnd that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its-- Toro sashimi-- Fresh Salmon-- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red.-- Ika-- Tamago-- Seaweed Salad-- miso soupAnd if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest:-- Mt. Fuji roll-- Volcano roll-- Pride roll-- Lobster roll-- Hana rollSERVICEhas matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week.I can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy.P.S. Check out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!
4	God bless you Robert M. there are now 3 sushi places in Phoenix I will eat at!! There's something endearing to me about a sushi bar with no liquor license and no qualms about letting you bring a 6 pack in with you of whatever your little heart desires. Never been anywhere else similar to it, but I gotta be honest, I kinda dug it.Anyhoo, Robert was kind enough to bring me here in early June upon hearing I had never been there before and boy was I glad he did! Of course I drove past the restaurant several times before realizing it was in a strip mall, but I forgave the drab exterior the second I arrived and saw a packed restaurant aflurry with wait staff flying around every corner attentively serving their patrons. I was late (shocker) and our waiter was there to grab my sake out of my hand to chill it before my butt fully hit the seat. I was impressed.Next there was the fish. Holy fresh as the Pacific melt in your mouth fish! We shared the octopus salad which was pretty tasty considering I'm not a huge octopus fan (solely due to texture.) Next I had whatever the toro special of the day was which was freaking exquisite and Robert and I split a catepilar roll, also quite good.All in all my Hana experience was more than satisfactory. My biggest complaint living in Phoenix is a lack of fresh fish and sushi on demand and that was certainly not the case with Hana. I could've gone for a little more variety and adventure with their signature sushi rolls, but I really can't complain. Quality was definitely up to par and I will be back.
5	Best sushi I've had in a LONG time! Reasonable prices, friendly staff, and good atmosphere.
3	My boyfriend and I dined at Hana tonight, and despite the numerous four and five star reviews, I was not too impressed.  I found the prices to be pretty steep for smaller portions than most places, and the food to be of only moderate quality.  I did appreciate the authentic atmosphere, it was perfect for our date night.  However, my boyfriend and I found ourselves a little creeped out by our server who paced the small restaurant while we decided what we would order, and lingered near the table just a little bit too long every time he checked on us.  All in all, the food was decent, but overpriced, I will be sticking to Moto on 16th street and Glendale.
5	Cute busy place in Central Phoenix. Not hiding behind gimmicks to make themselves authentic. Simple and sweet. Staff is well versed in Japanese food, if you haven't had it in years ask. Great staff, great food, great times.
5	Always fabulous!!  Been spoiled for any other sushi...just a fact!Seriously, if u haven't been...I'm sorry....ur missin out.... Family fav... love, love LOVE...did I mention love??  Love u guys!!
4	Pretty good.The staff was super friendly.I liked their baked rollsA bit on the pricy side, but its a good treat for payday.
5	Have been to Hana a handful of times and continue to be impressed. It is the freshest sushi I have had in Phoenix. It tends to fall on the pricier side, but the quality is absolutely worth it. It's also a BYOB, which is great. The servers are attentive and efficient, and can provide lots of information and suggestions. Don't forget to check out the specials board behind the sushi bar for some interesting choices. The menu seems a bit more traditional, but exquisitely executed. The pickled wasabi is fantastic. I recommend using it with any sashimi. This is not a venue where you need to drench anything in soy sauce and wasabi. The noodle dishes are delicious as well. And don't miss out on dessert. They have selections from Sweet Republic in Scottsdale that are brilliant.
5	The sushi was fresh and excellent! The service was almost too fast. I did not find the prices to be out of line with the quality.  Our daughter loved the miso soup. The one thing I really appreciated is that they will make what you want, whether it is on the menu or not. If they have it, you can get it. I know we'll be going there often. One thing though, this is a busy, noisy place. It is not large either. If you are looking for quite and relaxed, this perhaps isn't the best choice. If you want good food in a noisy cheerful atmosphere, like a bunch of friends or after work, this fits the bill.
2	Humid.  The edamame was served cold, when we asked for it to be warmed, it still came back cool. The rolls tasted ok, but they were rolled so loosely that they fell apart. I was really bummed to have such a bad experience. I will go back again to give them another chance.
4	I came here for lunch with my mother and sister.  It was the middle of the afternoon, so we did not take advantage of the BYOB.  Sadly.However, the sushi was delicious!  We tried the volcano roll, the caterpillar roll, and various sashimi and nigiri.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  I can't wait to go back for dinner with a nice bottle of something special :)
5	Hands down-the BEST sushi in metro phoenix area! Service is wonderful-they treat you like family. Sushi is awesome every single time! Try the Poke Chips!
4	Each of my dining experiences at Hana have been great.  The food is fresh and the staff is very friendly.  The only complaint I would have is for some people that finish their food but take up a table after they have finished their meal.  The restaurant is a bit on the small side so you have to wait a little longer if a group wants to take a couple of hours to finish up the bottle of wine they brought with them.
5	Underrated.  Food is great and the owners are lovely.  Thanks again for the advice, ladies!
5	i have never had fresher yellowtail, the spicy salmon was fantastic!  I am a sushi fanatic and was thrilled to discover this little restaurant.  They also allow you to bring your own beer!   I can't wait to go back!
5	Hana is worth for waiting even though we were waiting for almost an hour!The food came fast that help our hungry stomach and also delicious. I personally love their special menus (mostly wrote in Japanese) that hard to find at other restaurant in town.
5	Once you have dined at Hana, the experience will prompt you to return sooner then you thought. Hana is well established mom-n-pop place which serves the fresh sushi items, friendly and attentively services, and BYOB as you please. The price is most reasonable. Sushi dining can be a great experience, especially when you dine at Hana's. I have been enjoying sushi dining for many years, in-and-out of phoenix, but I can always count on this place. Thumbs up!
5	If you're a sushi fan, you'll love Hana!  It's got all of the components of a great meal: variety, value and ambiance.  Ok, maybe it's a little light on the ambiance side, but they offer outdoor seating, the indoor area is above average for the non-ubertrendy sushi restaurant category, and they were festively decorated for Halloween, which is cool in my book.After looking at the menu online, I was a little skeptical at all of the glowing reviews.  I'll give you a little secret: the best menu items are the specials that aren't on the menu!  The highlight of the meal was the Walu tataki - at around $20, it comes with maybe 8 thinly sliced, seared pieces.  Not cheap, but worth it because it's melt in your mouth delicious!  I would've ordered $100 of it but refrained so we could sample other things :)  Other standout items were the squid salad (not chewy at all) and the yellowtail sashimi (really fresh and a huge portion).With some iced teas and a couple of rolls, the meal came to around $40 per person.  That's about normal for a sushi dinner, and we preferred our meal here to other top (Yelp) rated sushi restaurants, like Toyama.  Outside of Ra's Sunday night happy hour, this will probably become our go-to sushi spot :)
4	This place is such a great find. My husband and I love doing date night here. The sushi is really yummy and authentic. Their spicy tuna is the best I've ever had. Give me that, the shrimp tempura roll, and I'm set! My husband always likes starting off with the edamame, but here's a head's up - If you like your edamame warm, ask them to heat it. Otherwise they will serve it cold, which is apparently the traditional (unAmericanized) way to eat it. Hana is byob and they don't charge an uncorking fee. This is truly unbelievable to me and I hope they don't change that policy any time soon. This makes date night SUPER affordable in addition to being yummy! The only downside is dependent on the crowd. If it's busy and you happen to go when there are larger parties, it can get really loud. If there aren't lot of larger parties, it's no louder than any other restaurant. Otherwise, the decor and simple, the ambiance is relaxed, and it's got a great vibe.
4	Parking can be rough here, and during busy times, good luck getting a table.  But your patience will be rewarded.  The sushi specials (on the wipe board) are never to be missed.  The regular menu is filled with flavorful and recognizable dishes but Hana does thing their own way, it is always delicious without being tedious.  A definate must.
5	I visited Hana with friends on my recent visit to Phoenix. We had an awesome experience. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and attentive, and the food was outstanding - the fish was fresh as can be (despite being far from water) - and the noodles and salad were tastefully done. I've heard there's oftentimes a wait (they are small and don't take reservations), but we went after the lunch rush and didn't have a problem. Some of the best Japanese I've had!
3	Nice looking little place. We were promptly seated, but the service was a bit slow as the evening progressed. The diners who had brought their own beer/wine seemed to receive better service. All three of us ordered ice green tea and were surprised to receive cans instead of brewed. I honestly thought the waitress was surprised at us ordering it.We ordered a variety of items, including the salmon-covered california roll and the unagi nigiri. The sushi we had was very fresh, and I think the unagi was the most flavorful I've had. The rolls in general were a bit losely made, and the shrimp tempura roll was simply out of proportion: there was no way to eat a single piece without taking multiple bites, so it kind of ruined the concept of a "roll".While nothing was bad per se, there wasn't really anything special that inspired me to want to return, and the prices were really high. I'd have rated it 4/5 if the prices had been more in line with other sushi restaurants.We didn't bother with deserts with Mary Coyle's Ice Cream Parlor being directly across the street.
5	I was very happy this time when I went to Hana.  They have the wild salmon back, which is SO amazing!The place is small and fills up fast on any given night.  I love that you can bring your own beer wine and saki.
5	Hana is possibly my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  I love the small, intimate atmosphere, the quality of the food (I mostly eat sushi and sashimi), the authentic feel and the fact that it is BYOB (LOVE that).  The staff is always warm and friendly, and they hustle to satisfy their customers!
3	Stopped in the other night to grab some sushi after a seeing a movie. The place is small, but has a good friendly vibe. The food - There were 4 of us and we decided to share. We had 3 rolls - spicy tuna (very good), hana roll (very good), and shrimp tempura roll (very good). We added some nigiri to that as well - tuna, snapper, yellow tail. All pretty standard items. Overall, the food was very good. The fish was fresh and the portion sizes were good as well.Why, one might ask, do I only give Hana 3 stars? Well, the bill came and after tip it was $160. Four people with no booze. Just seems like better value can be found at some other places. One man, two cents.
4	What's raw, slick and makes you feel good all over? It's sushi! From trendy scenester food to its current mainstay presence, sushi has been a part of the dining scene for ages. Even with time this time spent, sushi is still very much exciting to enjoy.For me, Hana Japanese Eatery puts the amore in enamored and the fat into infatuated.With a solid menu of offerings and loads of daily specials there's plenty to keep things fresh and engaging. When I'm eating my way through the valley, almost 8 out of 10 Ill order the special when offered. In this experience Ive been able to try amazing off menu items that were seasonal or the chef was feeling whimsy that day.Not to whimsy but fully fun and interactive, Edamame ($3.95) is always a must for me. There's just something about biting into each pod and sucking the soy beans out that I find satisfying.Like something out of a dream, the sashimi, nigiri, and rolls were served on a small boat. This beautiful presentation just goes to show how attention to detail goes well beyond the food. Such things like wasabi get special attention, Hana's pickled version will make you quickly forget about the traditional paste variety. Putting the wasabi to good use, the Blue Fin ($20/$20) was ordered 2 ways, sashimi and seared, the first being my favorite, each bite almost felt like eating butter, that tender. Such favorites as Octopus ($10) and Crab Nigiri ($5) were as pretty as they were delicious.Loving rolls with contrast and crunch the Shrimp Tempura Roll ($8.50) filled both counts easily. However its special cousin, the Lobster Roll ($20), takes a California roll then is adorned with large pieces of battered quick fried lobster meat, no skimping on the good stuff here.Hot dishes on the specials menu are expertly prepared. Scallop Edamame ($10.95) takes the sweet tenderness of scallops, then is battered and rolled in soy beans and lightly fried. The texture of the buttery soy beans meshed well with the sweetness of the scallop, a must. More special menu love was felt with the sauteed Giant Clam with Scallops ($16.95). Tempura Udon ($9.95) was ordered off of the regular menu and let me tell you, those chewy noodles are simply addicting.Ive never heard the words Japanese and pizza in the same sentence before. So after our server described the Okonomiyaki ($18.95), it had to be ordered. More like a thick savory pancake in taste but the looks of a pizza, this was certainly a surprise by taste and by oddity. The top of the Okonomiyaki is sprinkled with bonito flakes which move and quiver when exposed to heat. So when it was sat down in front of me I couldn't help but stare at the movement. Yes, I was a little freaked out but how cool is that?Hana An Mitsu ($6.95) was the most perfect ending for the style of cooking. This refreshing dessert made up of aloe vera and was accompanied by oranges, blueberries & red bean paste, reminded me of an exotic fruit cocktail. If chewy and creamy intrigue you try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream ($4.95). The chewy rice mochi shell encapsulates your choice of ice cream, very different and tasty.Hana doesn't serve alcohol but feel free to bring your own wine, beer or sake, they wont charge you a corking fee, which makes that scallop even sweeter.
5	If you really know sushi, you will appreciate the unbelievable quality of the fish and the skill of preparation at Hana.  The fish is amazingly fresh and the cuts of sashimi are quite generous.  The fresh water salmon is unique, and toro always melts in your mouth like butter.  Rather than order directly from the menu, ask Sushi Chef Koji what he would recommend and then cut him loose.  I've done this several times and have never - and I mean never - have been disappointed.  And while others have commented that this is not bargain basement sushi, they are absolutely right.  But if real sushi is your thing, the price is right on par.  You'll get what you pay for and come away with a great sushi experience.
4	BYOB.  That alone will get any establishment 3 stars in my book, but luckily Hana had more to offer.  Their fish selection is unbeatable.  Where else will you find striped bass and uni nigiri?  No where.  Trust me, I've looked.  In addition to the quality fish they serve, I appreciate their attention to detail (see flaming sugar cube on the corner of your plate of sushi).  Great service, great food, I will definitely be back.  Word of advice, stick to the fish dishes, the noodles are a bit of a let down.
5	BYOB and great food. sweet combo even if the wait is sometimes/often 40 plus min. the noodle dishes while okay, the sushi never disappoints and the Agadashi Tofu, Gyoza, Ika Kara Age and Hana salad are reliable favorites. Hana An Mitsu dessert- Aloe vera accompanied by mandarin oranges, blueberries & red bean paste w/a cherry on top, rocks my world! outstanding! a healthy and guilt-free pleasure. just go.
5	I had such a great time at this place both times i went.  The first visit was a sushi dinner extravaganza with my sister.  The place was literally a 10 minute walk from my childhood home, where my parents still live, which was the first bonus for this place.  Once i walked in my excitement grew.  The place was small and intimate although a bit on the hot side.  Our waitress spoke with a heavy japanese accent and she was very friendly.  We ordered a bunch of rolls, they have a fairly small selection of rolls which is fine with me, and some nigiri.  They even had Uni!  i dont know how it is in phoenix but i live in Salt Lake City and Uni is incredibly hard to find there for some unknown reason.  Anyways the sushi was well prepared and tasted very fresh.  Their yellowfin was just amazing!My next visit was a lunch with my mother a few days later and we ate mostly non-sushi offerings which were also very good.  I had yakisoba which was delicious and my mother had the bento box with teriyaki steak which was also fantastic.  This place is a real gem and for me personally the location is perfect.
4	If you love Sushi, try the Hamachi Kama.....hmmmmm inspired to eat!
5	I've been a fan of sushi for a few years now, and have tried it in NYC, CA, Hawaii and many other places. Hana Japanese is up there with the best of them. All of their sashimi selections are fresh, and fish is flown in frequently. The service is top notch and the sushi chefs are happy to chat with you. My favorites include saba, ika, and salmon skin. For those of you not looking to eat sushi, the rest of their menu is excellent. If you are in the mood for a traditional Japanese frozen treat, stop by and try the mochi ice cream! I recommend the mango.  Hana is BYOB! Take advantage of this and pick up a bottle of sake on your way. Kanpai!
5	Yum. Authentic Japanese Sushi. The specials are amazing. Remember to BYOB.
5	Just have to give my favorite sushi place a shout out. We eat there several times a month and every time it is first rate.It is small yet accommodating. The seafood is as fresh as it gets in The Valley of the Sun. The menu variety makes you feel like you are actually in Japan. My favorite is the green mussels. Even for the unadventurous they are a must try.We have always had friendly, welcoming service. After a long day at work it is so nice to take our own bottle of wine and have the wonderful staff take such good care of us and treat us like family.Stop overpaying for priced sushi and Japanese food that is served at a mediocre chain. Get out and enjoy this locally owned neighborhood gem!
4	I have visited Hana twice now and both times were excellent.  Both times the service was excellent the girls that waited on us were fun and didn't mind that we wanted to sit and chat and we weren't in a rush to get back to work.  The sushi rolls were interesting, they have the standard rolls that all sushi places have (tuna, yellow tail, california, etc.) but their signature rolls were crazy, for example, the Volcano Roll - california roll draped in white fish and a spicy mayo sauce baked to perfectionWhat surprised me the most, I asked for gluten free soy sauce, not only did they have gluten free sauce but they had low sodium gluten free sauce!Their prices are the same as any sushi place in town.  What sets them apart other than their great service and fun fish combos, its BYOB, I really need to remember that for next time and bring a bottle of wine.
4	Nice sushi. Small building. Not designed for large groups. I went with a group of 7, and had it not been a Wednesday night, I'm sure we would have had to wait a long time. As it was, we waited about 30 minutes, which I think is totally acceptable. Because it is small, and packed with people and tables, the place was very loud. It is also BYOB - so make sure you pack some!About the food - we ordered A LOT. Appetizers, salads, soups, hot entrees, sashimi and a boat full of sushi. Everything was tasty. My only complaint was that all of the food arrived at once. We didn't have any room on our table to hold everything, and I would have preferred to eat in courses, even if they were ad-hoc courses. I love the "neighborhood hang out" feel that Hana had. There were obviously many regulars, and it felt friendly and casual. If it was closer to my house, I would certainly return, but I don't think it is remarkable enough for a long drive (for those in the east valley).
4	Great sushi...highly recommended.  The service was good to, only reason for 4 stars is the wait for the mussels.
5	This place is wonderful. BYOB and no associated fees. the sushi comes out on a fun boat. The ambiance was great and felt very authentic. It is family run and the sushi is awesome. So far takes the cake for the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. Will definitely go there again
5	This has become my standard for all sushi to be judged. I have not had a bad item here. Rainbow carpaccio is a must try. Its sashimi of 4 or 5 different fish with a cucumber relish. Prices are moderate but with a free BYOB its easy to overlook that. The tempura is light and prefectly crisp. I've only had one noodle dish I think. So I cant judge too well based on that. But what I had was excellent. Service is always great.
5	In today's episode of I Can't Believe I Haven't Yelped That Yet, I get to tell you about my GO TO sushi joint, Hana.Yes. There's no liquor license. Yes it's BYOB. Most of the time I don't even bring liquor with me and still have the time of my life. That's how truly phenomenal Hana is. Don't go to get wasted. Go to enjoy your meal. The only items I've had here consist of sushi, so if you're looking for recommendations on cooked food, this is not the review for you.Now. I've come to terms with the fact that I'm a sushi fanatic. It's gone on way too long to just be a phase. The service is great here, the sushi comes out quick, and it will always up the rating of your day by at least 2 points. If you want to get the full effect, sit at the bar.I've eaten in and ordered out several times and no matter what my food's ready just when it's supposed to be. The nigiri is oh so good. Thinking about it now makes me lean towards Hana tonight. Anyone game? The basic rolls are anything but basic here, all of them made with love.. and fish that want you to enjoy them. Sadly I admit I was turned off by the specialty rolls my first visit, because they weren't wrapped very tightly and I didn't look very lady-like while eating them. But I've gotten over that. Sometimes I'm not a lady. And they were delicious. I'll deal with it. You should too.Hana's a small joint. Sometimes there's a little bit of a line. Nevertheless though, it never seems to ever be so crowded anyone gets annoyed. The staff is efficient, and the sushi is worth it.
3	Decent Japanese restaurant, but pricey. Sushi selection is very limited also.
4	Great little place that reminds me of one of my favorite places in downtown Los Angeles (see review for Komasa). This place is not your typical sushi place it definitely is small and seating is tight, no teppan tables.  Remember to byob and even though there is typically a wait they move fast.
4	Just tried this place for the first time and was very impressed! If you don't like sushi probably not the place fore you. Sashami and rolls were excellent and very fresh! The place was very clean and service was excellent. You can't get a better value for the price. We went at lunch time and will definately try again. Not for large crowds.
4	Hana is a great find on 7th Ave. It's not "cool," but it's as sleek as strip malls come, and the service and sushi we're excellent. We noted that that the portions were especially large; I could barely finish the three rolls I ordered. The outside patio looked gross (in the parking lot), which was our only complaint. Byob worked great for us and kept the price of dinner down. I look forward to visiting Hana again.
4	Great food, friendly service and you can bring you're own booze. The only issue I have is Hana is pricey, but the quality is good.
3	despite having really good sushi, they bring out the plates SO FAST and (for us) in the wrong order.we got salad with the sushi, then entrees, then apps.  i asked them to slow down because we literally did not have enough room on the table.  we were told "that's just the way it is," which was kind of annoying.  an acknowledgment would have at least been nice, you know?but still, the sushi is good and prices are reasonable.  next time, i would definitely stagger my order according to arrival preference, because they won't do it for you.
5	I have found my new favorite sushi spot.I wish it was closer to Tempe, but it's worth the drive.You can tell by their menu that Hana strives to be an authentic Japanese restaurant, as opposed to the sake bomber joint that only has food so they can call themselves a restaurant. You know the kind; the Phoenix area is plagued with them. Hana is BYOB, and there are only a few ridiculous fusion rolls on their sushi menu: most of it is authentic, real sushi. On my first visit I started with my usual appetizers, and was immediately struck by how unusually fresh and tasty they were. The seaweed salad had just the right amount of sesame oil, giving it incredible flavor. The veggie gyoza were indescribably delicious. They made me realize I'd never had a fresh gyoza before; every one I'd eaten previously in my life was a pale imitation of these little bits of Heaven.The sushi came out fast, even though it was fairly busy this particular Thursday. The first thing I noticed, naturally, was that someone put a burning sugar cube on the tray. "Hey, fire!" I thought. It was a nice touch.Then I saw, nestled between the flaming sugar and the wad of wasabe, a small pile of what looked like pickle relish. I guessed what it was, and our waitress confirmed it: it was FRESH wasabe.Real, fresh-grated wasabe is something most people never experience. Most people don't even know the pasty green stuff that's standard in every sushi restaurant is just normal horseradish dyed green. The real stuff is just too expensive, and too difficult to keep on hand. But there it was, no extra charge. It adds a little spice and a wonderful, fruity complexity to the sushi. The sushi was great. They also have a large menu with all the other Japanese dishes you'd expect, but I didn't try any of them. Next time.
4	Hana never fails us.  The service is excellent and the sushi is fresh and melts like butter every time.  One of the main reasons we continue to be patrons of Hana is the fact that they most always have Uni on the menu. Alert:  BYOB.  Stop by at the AJ's on Camelback and Central for some sake to go with your meal. Hana provides a chiller for your cold sakes.
4	I have never seen so many unique items on a Japanese menu before.  This place goes way beyond your typical California roll, although they have those too.I had the opportunity to try hamachi collar, which was delightful.  This place is BYOB, so be sure to bring something to drink if you want it.  Hana has all the glassware.Bottom line - go here hungry, ask questions if you need to know what something is, and try at least one new thing.  This is the place to do it!
2	One of these days I will learn NOT to take out of town guests to places I haven't tried first.  I was pretty excited for one of my favorite people to come and visit.  Her only request?  Sushi!  While I have my list of absolute AZ favorites (Tokyo Lobby, Toyama, Sakana, Hiro, Dozo) foolishly I decided we should try somewhere new.  Having read many good things about Hana, the choice was made.Walking into the BYOB place with our Kirin Ichiban in hand, we were ready for a great evening.  Too bad that isn't what we experienced.  After being ignored for a few minutes by everyone who passed by and even the person behind the counter, I found someone to tell that there were two of us and we would like to sit at the sushi bar.  Although there were spots open, we were left standing there for quite a while.  Do you want to stand around holding a 6-pack and not even be offered a bottle opener?  Me neither.  Once we were finally seated, we weren't told about any specials, offered water or even glasses for our beer.  Deciding to make the best of it, we ordered:Yellowtail sashimi (good, the best item we had)Spicy scallop nigiri (good)Albacore sashimi (dry, not sliced through, leaving us top pick off overcooked bits and pieces)Freshwater eel nigiri (dry and crumbly rice, falling apart at the touch)Scallop dynamite ($15+ for 'krab'?  Really?)The female sushi chef was nice but our waitress was nonexistent.  Other tables and customers at the sushi bar seemed to be getting decent service (water, getting their beer/wine/whatever from the refrigerator) but we were left without water refills (once we finally got any at all) and don't even think about getting another of those BYOB beers we brought.  It even took a while to get the unused bottles back when we were trying to leave. Lackluster food and nonexistent service at a premium price.  No thanks.
4	Fun environment with delicious food. It was busy on Wednesday night, but we never felt neglected. Sonya, our server, was friendly and really on top of things. Loved the food and prices were pretty fair.
5	love it love it love it!!!!! Best sushi ever!!!!!! We get great service, great food, in a quaint little spot.  We always enjoy coming to Hanas! :)
4	This place is small and awesome! Limited sushi rolls on the menu, but you can request what you like and they will happily make it! The prices are moderate and its BYOB! There is a fridge to put your BYOB in, and you will have to get it yourself, so dont be shy! Try a Philly Roll and add avocado! Good times! Try this place!
4	Love me some Hana. Seriously great quality sushi and BYOB. It doesn't get better than that. Period. The service has always been great for us and they do a great job explaining what's freshest and new to try. It's so neat that it's in our neighborhood and we can wander on over with a bottle of wine and stumble on home with full, happy bellies.
4	Okay, reading reviews of Hana's; maybe I'm not an expert...Just know what I like.  I love Hana Japanese Eatery.  The poke is something I must get everytime. The specials on the board are always great to try.  The staff is always accomodating.  This "sansei" will be back again & again...
5	This is the best sushi in town period. It doesnt get fresher than Hana's especially in the desert. The sushi is very creative and they have some dishes you won't get here in Phoenix everyday.
5	this is the quintessential place to enjoy the finest, freshest sushi in the valley, though you will be paying for it. i live very close to hana and find myself going there at least once or twice a week. they have the usual assortment of sushi rolls, of course, but their specials on the board, are what you want to inquire about. i have had lobster rolls, not to be confused with what you would find in new england...and kobi beef, which melted in my mouth.  the hamachi is delicious and their salads are a great value, fresh greens and slices of silky salmon, yellow tail, ahi and white fish. their baked clams are cooked to perfection. since i live right around the corner, i have only dined in on two occassions, and both times the wait staff was on top of things. and were able to answer questions about some of the more obscure offerings. it's a small place, but not claustrophic. there is a tv, but i never notice anyone watching it, they are so consumed with the food.  i highly recommend hana.
5	This place is very close to my house, so, I eat here regularly. It's always fresh good cuts of sushi/sashimi. My personal favs are: salmon, yellowtail, mackeral, tamago, and freshwater eel. I also love the rainbow carpaccio and Hana salad (tons of avocado, parmesan, and sunflower seeds-YUM). I only wish they would add inari to the menu. Remember to bring your own alcohol because they don't have it. Otherwise you'll be stuck with green tea instead of sake like me (I always forget). Also, be prepared to wait as this place is quite small and always packed at dinner time.
4	Yes it's BYOB, but if you go with a group your sushi COMES ON A BOAT WITH FIRE!! annnnd the caterpillar role is shaped like a catipillar with carrot eyes and celery slivers for antenna. Too cool for school!
4	Here are the facts:Their sashimi is freshTheir rolls are beautifulThe service is decentAnd they're conveniently located in central phoenix.I'm sure you can find better sushi out there, but for the price and location Hana cannot be beat. On my last visit, my boyfriend and I got one of their daily specials. It was a special california roll topped with baby lobster and served with a side of fresh wasabi. It was a good price and the flavors were incredible! On several occasion I ordered the sashimi. It is a good portion and the fish is very fresh.Hana is A+.
5	After living here for 6years, Hana is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix, period. In fact, it's so good, I will not eat sushi anywhere else now. Now, let me give you some context so you may determine if this review is for you:Do you dip your rice in soy sauce?Do you add "wasabi" to your soy sauce?Do you eat rolls other than basic seaweed, rice, fish?Do you think the green paste is wasabi?Do you call the fish part of the nigiri, "sushi"?If you said YES to any of the above (don't lie), this review is NOT for you. Otherwise, read on....Hamachi Kama was brilliant; perfectly cooked and delicious. Yellowtail handroll was utterly amazing. The yellowtail handroll is my go-to. At Hana the fish was melt-in-your-mouth fresh and had the perfect fish to rice ratio which is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. I also tried the halibut, striped bass, crab, masago with quail egg, and salmon. All the fish was the freshest, best tasting I have eaten since moving from Los Angeles. The sunomono was even amazing!Help-wise, the service was spot-on. Extremely friendly and very attentive.I can't say enough good things about this place. Disclaimer: I have yet to try Yasu, which I hear is amazing as well, but compared to every other sushi joint in Phoenix, THIS is the spot to go to. F everywhere else.
5	Sushi lovers and non-sushi people can have an exceptional meal here, for a great price with wonderful service.And (lucky for me) in my neighborhood.  A gem!
2	Very friendly staff!, but this review only applies to the food, since we got  it to go.  Pretty boring order consisting of a california roll, a spicy tuna roll, and a squid salad ( so it should have been hard to screw up, right?).  The California roll, was just crab and cucumber....no avocado, which was really odd to me. It wasn't bad, just missing avocado. Rice is a good consistency. The spicy tuna was rancid....gross, plus I paid $8.00 for something I couldn't eat. And then the squid salad tasted off....and this is something I eat for lunch at least twice a week from this little japanese market, so I know my squid salad.  We ended up throwing everything out. It's obvious our first time will be our last.
4	Hana is great! The service can be a bit scattered at times, but the food is consistently excellent AND they have gluten-free soy sauce available. Just ask. The chefs are also aware of gluten-free considerations and don't drown everything in soy sauce and crunchy stuff.I'd love to see a bigger, more varied menu! And maybe stop writing the specials on the whiteboard in orange marker - impossible to read. It's not pretentious or fancy schmancy but can totally be a fun date! BYOB!
2	Exactly! Meh. I've experienced better.Maybe my expectation was too high after checking all good reviews and reputation of this place on yelp and some magazines. Foods;Pretty much every slice of sashimi was stringy even though it's called toro and very uneven surface - for Salmon, Halibut, and Tuna? maybe dull sashimi knife?! Yellowtail taste good but the sushi looking was not that appetizingOysters were way too big and over pricedService was decent and attentive.. nothing super attractive or fascinating..I'm not really motivated to drive back to this place anymore, so my final verdict of this place is "Meh"
4	Not bad, not bad at all. I went to Moira sushi the other weekend, I would choose Hana over that place any day. They have Oolong tea.. I love that tea. The only issue about this place though is that out of all the rolls we got (Spicy Tuna, Alaskan, Las Vegas, Volcano), the only one that I would get again would only be the spicy tuna. The Spicy Tuna had so much flavor and I was like YESSSS! so good. I wish I got one of those sushi boats though..that looked awesome.  My friends loved all the rolls though, I am just very picky.Anyways, if you go here, I recommend the Spicy Tuna roll..and I guess all the other rolls (since my friends thought it was amazing).I'm pretty sure there were other rolls that are great though, and the service was awesome. I will definitely come back here again.
5	This is my favorite Sushi Spot in Phoenix. I see Sushi Chefs from other restaurants coming here to eat during their off time. =)The prices are very reasonable, and all of the rolls and sashimi are very fresh and crafted to perfection by the old timers.The Ramen Noodle Bowl is awesome, and nothing like what you would buy in the grocery store. It is topped with pork, fish cake, bamboo, and seaweed. I highly recommend.They even have a fried salmon skin roll, which was very flavorful and not always available at every establishment. I wish that i would have taken a picture of the last one that I purchased, it was absolutely perfect.They also offer Takoyaki, which is like an octopus dumpling ball. You would have no idea that it contained octopus unless you were familiar with the dish. these are absolutely amazing and highly addictive. You have to try these during your visit.The last time that I was there, I had to try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream. It was green tea ice cream, surrounded by a rice flour shell and topped with whipped cream. It really hit the spot and I was so full but in a happy and satisfying way.If you like Sushi, and you think that RA is cool, hit yourself on the head for being a complete fool and go check this place out and get schooled on what fresh authentic Sushi is all about. Your mouth will thank you for doing the right thing!Cheers and keep up the good work at the place.FYI... Bring your own Saki if you need booze with your meal. I say, just enjoy the good meal without alcohol and see how happy and relaxed the meal makes you feel.
2	Very cold environment.. looks like a takeout chinese place rather than a sushi restaurant... albacore was not fresh, portions are decent, overall quality is poor and I have have much better sushi for that $ here
5	We LOVE this place! We went on a Saturday night during the dinner rush, were promptly seated and greeted.  Our kids came with us and they were given a cute little boat with rice balls and won ton chips! So nice! My kids gobbled those up quickly :) We ordered nigiri sushi and a couple of rolls.  The portions are always so plentiful and yummy! My 7 year old loves the miso soup and my 5 year old loves plain, cold tofu which isn't on the menu but they happily brought some out to us.  I always get the iced green tea which comes in a can, its very good.  The servers are so friendly and so nice to our kids. Thank you, Hana!   We will be back!
3	Took my dad here when he was in town.  He is a traditional Japanese eater so no bistros or fancy sushi for him!  We don't live close to this neighborhood at all but we were in the hood and asked around about a Japanese restaurant close by.  Hana was recommended to us as a good but a little on the pricey side place to eat.  They were correct. It was almost hard to find a spot to park.  The restaurant is very tiny and it was very packed.  They told us 20 minutes for a table, but we only waited about 5.  The hostess was very nice and polite.  The service was quick and to my dad's excitement, our server was Asian.  (he has this weird thing about not eating at an Asian restaurant unless some of the servers/chefs are Asian - says it's a sign of "Americanization of the food").  The ambiance was welcoming but yet had that urban feel to it.  All the employees seemed extremely nice and polite and there were some large parties waiting for tables for over 40 minutes.  There's something to be said about the restaurant if these people were willing to wait that long with children.  We ordered the usual stuff, edamame, soup, salad, sushi, etc.  The edamame came out cold - never had cold before.  When my dad asked them if we could get hot ones they nuked the ones we had, making them a little soggy.  All the food was good, not exceptional.  The reason for 3 stars is it's quite pricey for the quality and for what we had.  We have a Japanese restaurant in our hood that serves the same quality food for less.  Of course, there are no Asian people working there so Dad's out...  Overall, if I was in the area again, I might stop by to try some other items on the menu but I wouldn't go out of my way to stop again.  If you are in the area, it's definitely worth a try.
3	Ordered the omakase ($40) and a bowl of ramen ($10). Omakase was nothing spectacular and the ramen was bland. I don't see the hype behind this place. Very disappointed considering I live just down the street.
4	I absolutely love this place. The sushi is pretty good, though I have places I prefer for sushi. But I have yet to find a place that serves better squid. I've gone there just for the Ika Kara Age. Their menu isn't huge but what they offer is good. It's also not a large place so you may have to wait to be seated depending on the day and time. I've been here at least a dozen times though and I'm never disappointed. Their seaweed salad and bento boxes are also very good.
5	Hands down one of the top sushi restaurants in the entire Phoenix area.  Friendly staff, fresh sushi, reasonable prices...and getting boatloads of sushi (literally)...just awesome!Hana is a definite must if you're looking for great sushi in Phoenix.
5	I know this is a Japanese restaurant, but get the steak here!  It is amazing!!!Hands down my go to place for my steak fix :9Their sushi rolls are also very well made and the staff is very friendly :)
5	Great sushi rolls and BYOB!  Very friendly staff.  Three for lunch $25 per person including a generous tip.  Love this place!
5	love it, love it, love it, love it. super busy on friday/saturday nights. it's super small so, get there early or late.
5	I've been coming here since they opened around five years ago, and I have been a regular customer since. I'm what you could call a devotee. So consider that when you read this gushing review.This is a family-run, neighborhood restaurant in a strip mall storefront next to a hair salon and a small boxing gym.  It's not a fancy place. But don't let that fool you.  The people in the kitchen and the sushi bar have impressive restaurant credentials going back many years and across the pacific.  They are fanatical about food quality, to the point where I've seen them toss what any other restaurant would call a perfectly good fish shipment if it was not up to their standards. They are friendly and gracious, and your enjoyment of the food is foremost. It's a place where you can sit at the sushi bar and ask the chefs to decide what you're eating, trust Koji and Lori, and be impressed with just about everything.  The sushi and sashimi are extremely fresh and very tasty, and they always have some sort of unusual or seasonal fish special you can't find anywhere else.  They don't have a ton of variety on the menu--maybe 12 or 15 rolls, the usual assortment of nigiri, and then sashimi and hand rolls--but what they do have is made with top-quality ingredients and delicious. Sushi bar specials are on the board behind the chefs and they're happy to take time to explain what they are.  And even though I go there primarily for sushi the kitchen items have never disappointed.  Noodle dishes and soups are hearty and very reasonably priced, and for lunch they have a large selection of bentos that include rolls and sashimi so you can have the best of both worlds. They even have a wonderful steak and lobster combination that would give any fancy steakhouse in town a run for its money.  If there are any complaints I could possibly have, it's that the table service can be a little spotty at times. It just seems unorganized because there's enough staff to handle it, but everyone seems to be doing every job rather than having a host, a server, a runner, etc.  Nevertheless, I can't recommend this place enough for a casual yet delicious meal.
5	We went to Hana again and were rewarded with yet another wonderful experience!  We went for a birthday party and had about 8 people.  I love that when you walk in they yell out the traditional greeting.  It reminds me of Monsters Inc at Harry Hausens...  I know a kid at heart.I enjoy being able to bring my own wine, sake or beer.  We ordered the pot stickers and the fired tofu as apps and I love their pot stickers.  It was a first for the fried tofu which was quite good.  Kind of like fried cheese... mmmmm.  There were a few uni shooters with some very pleased pallets and a few quail eggs shooters with the same happy taste buds around the table.Mike had the Ebiyakisoba (shrimp noodles, I can't spell it to save my soul) which are tasty! There was a steak at the table and it was quite good.  And then the sushi!  We ordered the chefs choice $80 platter of sashimi then about the same amount in rolls.  The salmon was rich and buttery, the tuna succulent, the striped bass was excellent, I didn't get any of the scallops but everyone said they were great!  For the rolls we had the dragon roll, the shrimp tempura roll and I can't remember the last two rolls because the champagne and wine had started to take effect. All were wonderful!One the downside the space REALLY needs an update... it has been a few years and the Ikea touches need to go.  I know in most Asian restaurants the food comes out when it comes out.  Meaning the hot dishes come out first, or your apps come out last and Hana is no different.  Unfortunately the waiter who used to get it and would put the orders in timing them so everything would actually show up when it was supposed to is now gone.  He is the cute Rock'a Billy dark haired gentleman over at Windsor. He will be missed if only because he understood and was proactive in making the experience great.  But knowing this is just how it is and expecting in advance helps.Overall a great experience.  For 8 people the food and tip were right about $220 not bad for really good sushi!  It is a must if you like or love sushi!
4	I like what Hana is not as much as what it is.  It's not a concept. There arent any consultants or flowery speeches or aquariums flown in from Hawaii. Just quality fish prepared and served by what looks to be a talented and gracious extended Japanese family. And by quality I dont mean it's Bluefin of The Highest Order or The Stylings of Nobuo, necessarily, just that Hana's stock is better than most places you're likely to walk into around here. This Sonoran cheapskate thinks prices are generally fair for what you get.  $16 Umi No Sachi is a lightly dressed spring mix topped with a dozen or so sizable slabs of sashimi. Yeah, a dozen.  Big noodle soup bowls with tempura sides are $9-10. An appetizer of eight or so small fried oysters, crunchy outside, moist and briny within, was only $6.95. Tables are too close together and the whole strip mall vibe is kinda cramped, if that sort of thing bothers you. The downside of BYOB is that the drink selection isnt very interesting. All coastal cities have Japanese joints like this, but I'm delighted these folks decided to set up shop in CenPho. If you need the cushy banquette and garish aquarium, go to Scottsdale. If you need to impress a jaded epicure, try Nobuo at Heritage Square.  If you just want a satisfying, authentic and accessible Japanese fish fix, pay a visit to Hana.
5	Came here after our Diamondbacks -Giants Game at the Chase Field.It was a Friday night, and this place was packed; so we had to wait a little bit which gave us time to study the menu.Then finally, we were seated at the bar; with a warm welcome from Lynn.Lynn was very welcoming and she took time answering my questions with the specialties on the board. Me? Lots of questions with Sushi??? I'm like a sushi goddess...but why? Well.... some of the Specials on the board were priced at $20/roll. Unless maybe it's topped with Toro.. (actually, with Toro and just Toro, it could be a little bit more)I've never seen a roll priced that much in the SF Bay Area. I was thinking maybe because fish in Arizona is expensive. Okay that could be it...Anyway... here's a breakdown of what we ate...*Poke Chips: Complimentary... Definitely a brush of flavor to get your tastebuds rolling....*Uni Shooters: $5.00 each. My boyfriend who will never eat Uni Liked it. I loved it. If this gives a person a buzz, I'd get drunk with this every single day. The ponzu sauce brings, the green onion, the quail egg...and the uni... wow.. them all... is like seeing Unicorns in the sky.....*Hana Pride: $20.00.. This roll is so refreshing; and different and FRESH. The 2 rolls in the middle ensembles a stash of sashimi slices of 6 different kinds of fish, all held by this cucumber warp. The insight on making this roll was amazing. First time i've ever seen one.*Yellowtail Roll: One of their regularly priced roll... Good amount of yellowtail; artistically made... and Fresh hamachi. I like how the rice was even and there wasn't too much of it.*Spider Roll: I was surprised how big this roll was. Definitely a favorite.*Baked Salmon Roll: my boyfriend's favorite.... in the bay area, it's just like a Lion King... I loved the yellow sauce, the topping..and how perfectly it's baked.***Lynn made us try fresh wasabi... AMAZING. never had that before.If you're in the Phoenix area... Hana should definitely make it to your list...We devoured everything we ordered......and Lynn was amazed. The couple next to us only had 2 rolls, with some leftover rolls. haha!Lynn, if you're reading this!!! Thank you so much for our amazing dinner!! we enjoyed your creations! ps: They don't serve beer. BUT what's even better... it's BYOB!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Very good! The spicy tuna was real - not chip-chop ham looking mayo mixture, but actual spicy raw small chunks. Hana Pride roll was fabulous, all the sashimi tasted fresh. I only gave four stars because some of the rolls were unavailable due to not having the seafood in (?), yet posted as available for the day. I will be back with friends.
5	I cannot put into words my undying love for Hana's.  The sushi is always top notch and ever since my husband and first dined at that sushi bar, we haven't been to any other japanese restaurant.  Why would we??  We get ridiculously excited when we find someone who hasn't heard of Hana's (getting tougher since it's fame isn't so hidden) and we quickly take them out!BYOB is awesome!  I'd say it helps us save a little bit of cash, but that extra cash just ends up being spent on more SUSHI!  That or the great staff!  Anywhere else I my "complain" about the minimum seating, but here it makes you feel like you are in a dear friends dining room.  During our 1 year anniversary dinner we splurged big time and now I am ADDICTED to the Hana Pride roll.  It's everything good in this world all on one plate. YUM!Thank you, Hanas, for always welcoming us into your kitchen and letting us peek over the counters as you masterfully create meals that warm our hearts! -The Larsons
5	Love, love, love Hana.  We don't go here super often but everytime we do we say the same thing....".why don't we come here more?"  The service has always been great and the staff super welcoming.   We usually do a cornucopia of sides.  The salad with the avocado and shaved parmesean, californai rolls, a noodle dish and the marinated pork appetizer.....yum and $34.00!    Enough for 3 but 2 of us ate it.We took some friends their for lunch who lived for years in the San Juan Islands....experts on 'fresh fish'.  They loved it.   The Bento lunch boxes are great and there are so many to pick from."Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name" and Hana is the neighborhood place to try.   The BYOB is a nice touch and that doesn't seem to be changing.  You can get served outside now and even take you wine out there.  It's a little lackluster out there but gives that kind of 'urban feel' to your evening.Plan to wait on Friday and Saturday and I wouldn't suggest a group inside....tight space.
4	So this is a Japanese-owned sushi place. Thatmight seem like a silly thing to mention but I'vebeen to so many Korean-owned sushi places latelythat I take notice when a place is actually trulyJapanese. I don't mind the Korean places just likeI don't really care if a pizza place is run by Albanians instead of actual Italians. But there aresome menu items that you will only find in a Japaneserun sushi place. The Japanese run places are less concerned with all sorts of fancy "rolls" and arelikely to give you smaller sushi pieces becausesushi is supposed to be "hitoguchi" - meaning one biteand it all fits in your mouth. Some of the Korean sushiplaces give you huge pieces of fish that you can no wayfit all in your mouth in one bite. Sure you get your money's worth but that's really not the point.   So I've been coming to Hana off and on for quite sometime. Sometimes the place is too crowded and our groupends up sitting outside. It's nice if it isn't too hotor windy because it is much more quiet than in the actualrestaurant.    For appetizers, the kaki is pretty good if you're intooysters. Agedashi tofu is also usually a good choice. Iwas a little disappointed with their yakibuta - I guess only because I had a killer variation at another restaurant which I can't help comparing it to.    Sushi is always pretty decent and fresh tasting here. It'spretty much what I come here for. I just check off the itemson the sushi list and let them roll in. If you get the eelsushi, that is usually the last item that comes because it isconsidered a little sweet because of the sauce - so that's likea dessert.    Speaking of desserts, I always get the Hana An Mitsu - aloevera, mandarin oranges, blueberries, and red bean paste with a cherry on top. Most restaurants won't have this but this isdefinitely a very Japanese dessert. Tottemo Oishii desu.    Parking is easy to find since it's a mall but there's a bunchof restaurants in the same mall so you might not be parking closeto the restaurant.
4	Great quality sushi here at a great price.  I've had lunch here once with a bento box which makes you full, full, full.  All other times I called in and got take-out sushi.  They will tell you 15 minutes for pick up, but it's more like 25.  Once they forgot wasabi and soy sauce and chop sticks in my take-out bag.  Other than that this is the best sushi in central phoenix.
5	We were lucky to find this fantastic spot within days of relocating back to Phoenix.  This fish is always top-notch, as is the service and the presentation.  Seasonal variety is great, too.  The lunchtime bento selection is second to none.  The menu is great but always (ALWAYS!) ask about items on the board.  The octopus salad and  asazuke are always great cool sides to beat the heat.  And ask if they have the grilled squid as it is always done perfectly.  If you are looking for fusion sushi, this is not your place.  Solid, perfectly done Japan-style food and preparation is what you will find here.  We come at least twice a month.  Our favorite restaurant in Phoenix!
5	Quite sure this is THE best sushi in the Valley. Small location, quaint, and not a lot of frills, BUT the service is great, and did I mention they have the best sushi?  Seriously, I dream about the yellowtail sashimi. Yum.
3	Typical sushi for the American taste. I wish they had more traditional Japanese dishes on the menu.
3	decent sushi, udon noodles and service. The sushi was fresh, but not extra ordinary. My search for a good sushi place continues.
3	3 out of 5 based on Sushi alone. Sushi wasn't prepared very well, it fell apart easily and the taste was just ok. Willing to go back to try again as the staff was nice and there seemed to be a lot of regulars. BYOB.
5	I had the distinct honor of dining at Hana this past week under the special care of Lori, the owner.  I should preface this review by stating that I'm a travel and food writer who has traveled to more than 40 countries and all 7 continents....I'm a chef in Dallas...and I was in the top 5 on season 2 of MasterChef.  So the fact that my dinner at Hana was one of the best and most memorable dinners of my entire life should carry at least a bit of weight!  Phoenix, you are SO lucky to have this establishment.However, it wasn't the first time I had dined at Hana.  Scarcely 3 months before I had eaten sushi there with a local friend while passing through on my way to LA.  For her, Hana is the best place to get sushi in central Phoenix.  I had to admit, I was dubious about eating sushi in Phoenix, but the freshness and perfect presentation of the sashimi we ordered was stunning.  Still...for virtually all their regular customers, Hana is a sushi joint.My second experience was quite a bit different.  I was a guest of the owner, and she and her chefs took us through a 15 course menu that consisted of both strictly traditional Japanese presentations, and contemporary twists.  For more than 2 hours, the courses kept coming.They started with small bites...refreshingly simple, yet somehow complex, despite only 5 or 6 ingredients each.  One was a shooter on a base of Meyer lemon with monkfish liver, quail egg, bonito flake, and caviar.  Hot dishes soon followed...tempura lobster with a hot salted tea for dipping.  (It made me cry, it was so delicious.)  A custard of egg white and dashi broth that hid scallops and shrimp and crab at the bottom...so delicate it basically evaporated in my mouth.  (And I cried again.)There was no sushi on our table.  That doesn't mean there wasn't raw fish!  A mackerel was brought to the table, and we plucked off juicy delicate morsels of incredibly fresh fish.  (It's eyes were so clear it appeared to be looking around the room at me.)  Once we had finished, they whisked the skeleton off to the deep fryer, and returned the crispy bones for us to munch on.The fact that the chefs at Nana have the skill and ability to produce this kind of world-class meal just blows my mind, when I formerly thought of it as a mere sushi bar.  And the fact that it is BYOB...I thought I had died and gone to heaven.So here's what YOU need to do, next time you're ready for some food that will blow your mind:Walk into Nana.Ask for Lori, the owner.Tell Lori that Ben Starr sent you.Tell Lori how much you'd like to spend on dinner, whether that's $20 or $200.Tell Lori to show you something amazing.Forget about the menu.  Let the experts decide for you.  Lori will make sure you go home full of food that you will dream about that night, and tell friends about the next day.  Americans are not accustomed to dining this way, which is a shame.  There is a vast trove of knowledge, skill, and creativity hiding in the Hana kitchen.  It would be a crime to go there and order a California roll!I am still resonating with the memory of this meal.
5	I think Hana is one of the best casual sushi experiences in Phoenix. I went there with friends almost once a week for the last year, until I moved. They are small and cosy, but very friendly and helpful.Admittedly, the first time I went I was a tad bit underwhelmed with the service, as the girl was efficient but very reserved. Feels strange after the chattiness of most wait staff! But the fish was excellent so we went back, and really, they are all lovely, just not as effusive as usual. Best feature of all is the BYO - bring beer or wine and they will provide the cups and keep your bottles in the fridge. No charge!The Rainbow Carpaccio is sublime, the sashimi is always fresh, and most importantly, they have fresh wasabi. Now fresh wasabi is a new experience for me, but it is so far beyond the standard wasabi paste, it will knock your socks off. I am now seriously disappointed when I go to an upscale sushi restaurant and they do not have it.I've moved now, and have not managed to find anything as good. Lucky lucky downtown Phoenicians, take advantage of this great local sushi joint.
5	Always good service, portions of fish, and the pricing is great!!  The BYOB is nice too.  They refrigerate your drinks and bring them to you.  Can't beat that!
2	Real bummer, I live so close and have been twice now. The first time the service was terrible, we checked in and waited for a table for about 10 minutes and they got confused and sat a couple who came in after us, no big deal, we are generally patient people. Finally sat we waited a very long time for anyone to take our order then watched numerous table be sat and served their food before our sashimi came out. I am not completely turned off because the sashimi was really good but I would recommend getting a little more organized.
5	I kept hearing about how good this place was and with such a limited amount of sushi restaurants nearby, my husband and I decided to try it. We went on the Friday before Labor Day, so when we first walked in it was pretty slammed. It looked as if the small restaurant was overwhelmed with the fast paced staff, so we were a little worried about the service. It turned out we had nothing to be worried about, the service was great! We ordered the yellow tail nigiri, salmon skin roll and ebi yakisoba. The fish in the sushi was high quality and very fresh tasting (for Arizona). I don't normally order hot food, but decided to venture out and it was well worth it. The ebi yakisoba was very good, with shrimp that was marinated and cooked very well, and vegetables that were fresh and crunchy. I will definitely return.
4	I am Asian from Hawaii and know good, fresh sushi.  The menus (at table and written on boards) are overwhelming so went with assorted nigiri ,Chef's Special recommended by our attentive waitress.  It was fresh and I also liked the baby eggplant dish.  Next time will give the owner our budget  (as suggested by another Yelp review) and let her order for us to experiment with their other delicacies that I wouldn't recognize from the names.  The photos on their website show such an assortment but no identifiable names to take to the restaurant to order.Overall very good experience, but do not order the green tea ice cream - tastes like soap!  Green tea ice cream tastes like green tea!BYOB is great plus!  Will bring our own sake cups for ambiance instead of drinking sake out of teacups.
5	I must say this is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix...period. The spicy tuna roll had so much flavor to it, and the squid salad was superb. The place is small but has a quaint atmosphere. The place doesn't serve alcohol, but it is a BYOB.
4	Hana is a great place for sushi. For starters, the agadashi tofu bowl is fabulous & actually very filling! We ordered an array of rolls, all very fresh, but I was bummed we were one of the tables that didn't get it presented in a boat! Since it was very crowded, our dinner lasted until close which at that point we felt a bit rushed by the staff to head out. Regardless of that, the sushi was great & I love that it's BYOB.
5	Went here with colleagues, first note of business: it's BYOB, so you can bring your own beer and/or wine.  Now to the sushi...top notch, top notch.  I travel a lot, and sushi is always something I look for.  Was not expecting to find such a great establishment in Phoenix of all places, but, the rolls were unbelievably good, and the sashimi was fresh.  Our waitress was very informative, friendly, and made us feel at home!!  Will I be back....yes!!
3	Yesterday I was seeking out a sushi bar in our quest to locate the best sushi in Phoenix, and this place looked promising.  They had chefs who will make something interesting for you, and that is what I really like in a good sushi restaurant.When we walked in and looked at the menu, it looked decent.  They had ankimo, so of course we got that.  We also ordered some scallops, red snapper, spanish mackerel with deep-fried body, a baked salmon roll, some uni shooters, the carpaccio, and we also told them to just make us something interesting.We started out with miso soup.  It was pretty typical.The carpaccio set the tone for the rest of the meal - on paper, stips of red snapper, tuna, yellowtail, and salmon with a cucumber garnish and fresh wasabi should be awesome.  But it was missing something.  It was kind of bland.  The carpaccio we had last week was one of the highlights; this time it was boring.If you have read any of my other recent sushi reviews, you'd know that one of my new favorite dishes is ankimo (or steamed monkfish liver).  The ankimo they served us happens to be the first ankimo I didn't like.  For some reason it tasted bland, and it was even a different color and texture than other ankimo I had.  I suspect this was overcooked.  They also brought us the ankimo sliders for good measure (hopefully they didn't charge us for this, because we didn't ask for it), and they were decent, but not mind-blowing.  The waitress told us people usually bite the lemon it is served on in order to balance it out; my friend tried that and said it totally ruined it.  Makes sense, as the slider has a lot of delicate flavors, and lemon is not delicate at all.The sushi (red snapper, scallop, Spanish mackerel) was pretty typical.  I did like the deep fried Spanish mackerel body.  The fish itself had very little meat, though.  I've had Spanish mackerel with twice as much meat (see: Yama Sushi in Portland).The baked salmon roll was a terrible idea.  I knew the idea of a cooked roll would not really appeal to me... But I was open to it.  I like to let other people order things they want, too, you know... But neither of us cared for it.  We think it actually had cheese on it.  Yes, cheese, on a seafood dish.  I would totally back legislation that made combining fish and yellow cheeses illegal.The uni shooters epitomized this place.  It was an idea that sounded really, really awesome on paper, but was poorly executed.  You see, the uni shooter contains an oyster, a piece of uni, and a raw quail egg.  Sounds awesome, right?  Of course it does.  But it also had a sauce that was so strong that it completely masked the flavor of the things I actually wanted to taste.  The oyster could still be noticed, but the quail egg was barely detectable, and the uni might as well have been left out.  Uni is delicate, and should not be served with strong flavors.  Without the sauce, it would've been perfect.I actually enjoyed the special item the chef made us.  It was described to us (by who I believe may have been the owner) as a Japanese comfort food.  Basically, it was a small stew/soup thing with eggs, uni, and a couple other things in it.  It really was unique, and I haven't had anything else quite like it.Finally, the dessert menu contained one item I got really excited about: tempura ice cream.  It has been about nine years since I had the dish in Kingston, NY, so, of course, I had to order it.  Unfortunately, instead of one big scoop of ice cream, it was served in three small scoops, so all but a little ball of ice cream from each scoop was melted.  It was basically tempura soaked in cream.  Again, great idea, poor execution.This is a place I want to like, because the owner does have some creativity, and probably cares about the cuisine.  It's definitely not generic, and that's definitely worth something.  But compared to the meal we had last week, it paled in comparison.  It was inferior in every single respect, and our bill was actually larger!  In Phoenix, you can't charge $90/person after tip and expect repeat business, unless the entire experience is spectacular.  Because there are places that provide that at that price point.
2	Meh, about says it. It was OK, the volcano roll was pretty good. The service was good but I just wans't all that impressed.
4	Hana's has been getting alot of great press lately and based on my visit much deserved.  They were just named one of the 20 best places for Sushi, by Travel & Leisure Magazine in the world, planet, or somewhere that I cannot remember exactly. I was very happy on a recent visit as the fish was fresh and the staff was spot on.  Much to my surprise I loved the BYOB with no corkage charges.  I figure I saved half as much, buying my beverages at the grocery store, over paying restaurant beverage prices.
5	Get the Omakase (It means I will entrust you with my food).  Literally mindblowing if you don't mind shelling out a benjamin Koji-son will rock your world.  Also ask what fish they have in fresh.  It's one of the very few sushi restaurants with fresh never frozen fish.  (That also means it's not shipped frozen)  Insane food and incredibly small location so plan ahead and expect a wait.
4	Ever since I have moved back from Japan I have been looking for some place that feels and tastes like home. Because, that is what Japan was for me. It was home. I loved the people and the culture. The way the earth and the ocean offer the other balance there. The night life and let us not forget ever, the food. Well Hana is not it... :PBut it is still pretty damn good. I love coming here with my mom. I am always trying to push her to eat something new! She is typical fraidy cat and wont hardly touch sashimi which is delicious here. One piece and she's out. I have ordered tuna tataki here (one of my favourite meals in the world) but I don't think it is on the menu, and for me they over sear the fish. I like it just lightly fire kissed. The rolls here are pretty typical. Avocado and cream cheese to satisfy my mother and cover up any real flavor of the fish. The miso is really very good here. Its always hit or miss with miso in the states... Usually extremely too salty, but here has always been good. The tempura platters are shazaam! Fun and delicioso. In conclusion, i suggest you give it a try. Don't forget to bring your own booze, an empty tummy, and an open mind!
4	Pretty darn good.Tiny little place.  Really tiny.  The party of 14 waiting in front of me was surprised by the length of their wait time and left, but I mean what did they expect? In order to accommodate a party of 14 the place would have to pretty much clear out entirely. During dinner rush on a Saturday that might take a second.So, walking in and seeing they size, I imagined I too would have a bit of a wait.I put my name down but the hostess had no idea how long the wait would be, she simply told me there were "a lot of parties ahead of you".So, that was helpful.In any case we were there and wanted sushi, so we were in.  It gave the fellas of my party time to run to the store to buy some wine as the joint is BYOB.  I actually thought that was pretty cool, I like it.  We ended up waiting about an hour.  When we were seated our server was a little short with us.  She was busy.  So far this sounds like a 2 star review, amirite?But then we ordered.  First off, I really like that they offer so many non-sushi dishes.  My husband ALWAYS wants sushi, and sometimes I'm just not diggin' it, Hana's got me covered.  The Yasai Yakisoba was really good, the noodles had a nice gingery bite, the whole table enjoyed bites.  I've got my eye on the ramen for next time.We ordered a variety of sushi.  It all came in a wooden boat, a member of our party sang a bit of Andy Samberg's 'on a boat'' there were laughs, thanks wine.  There was a sugar cube on fire too, boy's love stuff on fire so half the table was really impressed.Every thing tasted fresh, and these are not the dime sized rolls that places like Sushi Brokers tries to pass off as sushi.  The only thing we weren't super impressed with was the baked scallop special, it tasted like sweet baby ray's bar-b-q sauce... not great.  So basically service needs work, sushi is good, fresh, and a fair size, and the noodles are bomb.
5	Fresh, BYOB, great service. Say no more.
5	Real wasabi!
5	Hana is amazing. The food is outstanding. I have had sushi, noodle dishes, steak, as well as many other things off the menu and all have been delightful. I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Japanese food. Check it out!
4	Unlike Jiro I don't always dream of sushi. In fact our infrequent trips usually consist mainly of some safe rolls and some serious tempura.  So when some good friends invited us out to Hana we were expecting of more and the same.  What we got was something that stood from the sea of bland rolls that most of us experience.You have to elbow your way through countless hipsters to find a spot but by the time your first tray of flaming Salmon Sashimi arrives all is forgiven and you are well on your way to one of Phoenix's finest sushi experiences.
5	Rarely have I had sushi as good as this. I went for the first time on 2/15/2013 for dinner with my husband based on the reviews I read here and elsewhere that this place was really great and was craving some awesome sushi. When we pulled up I was a little disappointed as it is kind of in a strip mall area that I am not familiar with. However, after eating the food, the place could be in the middle of a landfill for all I care. We had the Hana Pride roll, uni shooters, japanese mint leaves stuffed with tuna, a yellowtail roll, an order of tuna nigiri and the tuna tataki roll. We also split their ribeye steak with shrimp. I was amazed by how fresh and delicious the sushi was. Really interesting choices that were all different but each delicious in their own way. I highly recommend the Hana Pride even though it is one of the pricier menu options because it is really awesome and totally worth the money. Besides, BYOB saves you a lot. The only thing that we could have done without was the steak, not that there was anything wrong with it. The sushi was just so good that the steak was outshined. Service was also impeccable! They refrigerated our beers and sake and were great at clearing the plates on our very small table. Can't wait to go back!
4	Awesome place to go, but if its the weekend expect a wait as it is small. If you get enough sushi, you get a boat! Prices are decent, spending about 50 for two. BYOB.
5	Excellent sushi and sashimi - as good as anything I had in Japan. Very fresh, premium food, presented elegantly = authentic Japanese experience.The place is a bit small, just a line of tables along the wall, plus a low bar to sit at. So you might wait a few minutes for a table, but its very worth it.Just so everyone is clear about BYOB - we were a little nervous to walk in with a bag of wine bottles, but its completely OK. They will provide wine glasses for you, and a corkscrew if you need it. They will let you bring wine, beer, sake, basically anything isn't distilled liquor. So don't bring in vodka and mixers.If you order enough sushi, they will put it on a wood "boat". Also, some entrees and rolls come out with a flaming sugar cube - a nice, fun touch.We'll be back many, many times.
3	Did i go to the wrong place? all the great reviews & then....meh!!!!The quality was decent, definitely not the best ive ever had...good, but for the price there are better spots in the valley.i appreciate that its a small female owned business & we may stop back by - but i definitely wasnt feeling the love like so many others.
5	Hana's is great! Everything is always fresh and delicious. It is a small establishment with friendly service. You can BYOB which is fun. I have had everything from sushi, sashimi, rolls, tempura or one of their dinner entrees and everything is absolutely delicious. I like the super casual vibe. I am just not into the foofoo sushi bars. I eat there often so shame on me for not reviewing them sooner!
3	Came here on a recommendation since I was craving good ramen. This place doesn't have the variety that I assumed but the one ramen dish was still pretty decent for Phoenix. Had the takoyaki (fried octopus ball) and that was actually pretty well done. The sushi was pretty good too but nothing amazing.  I'm intrigued that they have okonomiyaki which is not commonly found so I will definitely be back to try other things
4	My parents were stopping through town on their way home to Tucson and we decided we wanted sushi. I used good 'ol Yelp to help us out and found this place. Very good. The sushi tasted fresh with just the right amount of sauce. My dad got a yakisoba dish and it was also very good. The veggies were so fresh and had a little crunch to them. I will be having some great leftovers.I take off 1 star only because their sushi selection seems a little short. I did notice they had some specials on the board, but I would have loved a longer list.
5	Amazing place.  I'd been here before but trying their food at Devoured reminded me that I needed to come back again soon.We brought our own beer and let them choose our dishes.  My favorite was a monkfish pate' with a quail egg on a slice of lemon.  What a creative and delicious presentation!
4	I have been here a few times, both for lunch and dinner.  It's a small, looks like mom and pop type of place.   I have had their bento lunch with the sashimi, tempura, and I think it's a California roll along with some traditional Japanese veggies.  The sashimi is always fresh, and the tempura is fried to perfection.  The California roll is good, but from my other reviews, you will notice I don't really care for sushi that way.  The service is adequate, not that great and not bad.  Definitely well worth eating here.
5	I love the fact this place is BYOB. The portions are large and the prices are decent. Overall I would say this is the best bang for your sushi buck.  It is small so it can get crowded fast, but we've always had good service.
5	I love this place!  Great deserts, quick service once seated.  It's small, and there can be a little line/wait during the busy hours...
5	Wow!! Great Service, Fresh Sashimi I will Definitely go back!! no liquor license so  Bring your own Beer or Wine and they will provide a glass:-))
5	Wow. We drove 35 miles to try this place recommended by a friend who is a local well known chef, it was worth every mile and every minute.  The cuisine was soooo delicious.  We stayed away from traditional sushi items only because we wanted to see what else the kitchen had up their sleeves.  So glad we did! Everything the server recommended was fabulous.  We brought our own wine, a regular practice here as they were ready with glasses from the moment we walked in the door.  Be prepared to wait a bit, it's popular but worth it!
2	Hurry up and Leave!This was our third visit to Hana because the food is excellent. God forbid you walk in at 8:40pm, 20 minutes until posted hours of closing time. Might as well post closing at 8:30pm as both service and quality decline closer to closing!!!Fist two visits went extremely well and so why not try it a third, right?!?! NO! It was CLEAR by the hostesses reaction that we were not welcome at 840pm as she rolled her eyes and quickly walked away from us. Not a good first impression but we were confident in the food and decided to give it a go. We had a nice bottle of wine and were expecting a wonderful date night and the typical HANA experience... DENIED!We were in and out in less than 40 minutes, $75 for two of us (without tip), not including our bottle of wine we shared one glass of. We found ourselves shoveling food in our faces as the servers were doing all of their side work surrounding us. Very uncomfortable dining experience and disappointing. I'm not one to post and especially not with a negative review and I WILL go back (before 8pm), but I do believe the owners and future guest should be aware of this situation. Last time I checked if your posted hours are until 9pm, you serve food until 9pm???? Right? Not everyone out by 9pm! Not to mention with your price point, guest are visiting your establishment to enjoy their dinning experience and not be rushed! We ended up going to Sochu House for a couple other dishes as we did not get enough to eat and Lord knows my man needs his dessert. Hopefully, next visit will be earlier and better. Know that you have been warned, and enjoy Hana, but go early!!!!!
4	Popular Japanese eatery so be prepared for a wait, especially on the weekends.Sushi menu was a bit limited and most rolls were very similar, but still very good. Sashimi was very fresh and excellent.  Service was prompt and friendly, atmosphere inviting. I will be back.
2	I really should not be eating any sushi in Arizona.  I blame myself for thinking that is was possible to get good sushi in Arizona.  Staff was fine.  It just did nothing special.
5	Awesome suhsi zone.I am a Sushi novice who has picked up the temptation in the last year or so,but from whatever places I have tried in the phoenix area,this place wins handsdown.The place isnt huge and owing to the popularity it will be filled up most of the time.The servers are friendly and the sushi tastes fresh.I loved some of their spicy rolls- I think one of them was Volcano Roll.Will be back for more.
2	The sushi wasn't bad by any means, but i definitely felt like it was really overpriced for the quality. I think our bill came out to about $80. I'd say it felt like it was probably worth more like $50. having said that, the servers were nice and they were very fast with out food, but i feel like either the portions were to small of their prices were just too high.
5	This place is the real deal!  My bet for the best sushi in town.  Thoughtfully prepared and creative.  Also, the tempura udon is delic!
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this wonderful restaurant sooner. Hana is by far the BEST Japanese food experience I have had.The Why: Fresh, clean, and best selected fish in the state, as far as I am concerned. This is the place for sashimi & nigiri. Rolls are good too, but it's the select fish that catapults this restaurant into the stratosphere. Be sure and try the fresh oysters. INCREDIBLE!The How: Family run by those who know seafood and how to put it all together.The Where: Centrally located in Phoenix at 7th Ave. & Missouri.  Be sure to get there early as you may have a wait, but it's totally worth it. This place is a destination for the discerning sushi patron. BYOB.
3	Food was on pricey side for their dinners especially for a place that small and no liquor license.   I eat at many Asian restaurants and never pay that much anywhere.Too noisy.  I was there yesterday with a group and we could not hold a conversation due to the noise.  Even trying to hear the person next to you at times was difficult.Not well organized. Waiter just plunked all our checks in middle of table and we had to figure out who they belonged to.  Checks were handwritten and confusing.  Made a $2 error in their favor on my check which I called to their attention.  I also did notice that when they include the gratuity they are basing it on the total which includes the tax.  This is not right. It is not the amount it is the principle.e noise.  I opted for an appetizer of sliced pork in order to avoid the fried as well as the high carb foods.  This was just average in taste.They do not take reservations but this could be due to the size and number of tables.  Would not recommend for groups over 4.
3	My co-workers and I came to eat here last Friday. One of them really wanted sushi and I've been wanting to try this place, so we thought we give it a try. We all got sushi, I got a little bit ahead of myself and got a Hana Bento Lunchbox. The sushi was great, we were the first ones there when it opened so we got our food fairly quickly. The place did get busy as lunch time rolled around. I didn't give this place 5 stars because when it was time to pay our checks they told us that we were each going to be charged an extra $1.50 for a split charge fee. That kind of pissed me off because how hard is it to really split a check? And why wouldn't you do it for free knowing that you're located by office buildings? I just don't understand the fee and because of this none of us are willing to go back now.
5	The 6 piece tuna maguro and spicy tuna roll was phenoms!
5	HANDS DOWN - the best sushi in Phoenix (maybe the planet - LOL). Small, yet intimate; creative and innovative, original and authentic WITH an AMAZING customer experience. THIS IS IT! Fish is fresh, plentiful and beautifully arranged. Bring your own wine makes this dinner down right "cheap" without cheapening your night. I rarely get anything "bold" (for me its the safe nigiri and sushi and roll options), but for those with a wild side, it seems they have you covered.If you plan ahead, arrange for a Shabu Shabu dish (just had that). I think its a 24 or 2 day notice, but the dish is so much fun and the beef melts (literally) in your mouth.
5	I had a craving for sushi and a friend who wanted to try this place because a friend of his is a chef here.  It was the perfect combination!  Since it was a Friday night I suggested we get there early-ish to try and get a table quickly so we arrived around 5:30.  The place is pretty small so most of the tables were full but we managed to get seated right away.My friend decided that he was going to order everything  so I knew dinner was definitely not going to be some Philly rolls and fried rice.  We started out with seaweed salad which I actually really liked.  The flavor was really good with the sesame seeds and some lemon.  Next was the sushi, we had the Alaskan roll, Spicy Tuna, Volcano roll and some Sea Bass nigiri.  The Alaskan and Spicy Tuna were good, the Volcano roll was awesome with it's spicy sauce nicely crusted on top and the Sea Bass was simple and delicious.After that it was time for me to try Oysters for the first time.  Personally I wasn't a big fan but that has nothing to do with Hana and everything to do with just my personal preference.  I could tell the quality was good and they didn't taste gross, I just discovered that Oysters aren't my thing.Now at this point we were pretty full but the chef my friend knew walked by and told him to get the Razor Clams and/or the Tako Karaage.  Neither of us knew what the second one was so we asked and discovered it was fried octopus head.  As soon as he told us that I knew that's what my friend was going to order.  I'll admit I was a little nervous because I was picturing something with eyeballs coming out onto the table.  Luckily when they brought it to the table it was cut into strips so it looked completely harmless.  We drizzled some lemon over it, took a deep breath and took a bite.  After about 2 seconds we looked at each other in amazement because it was DELICIOUS!!!  I'm talking so good my mouth is watering just remembering it right now.  Octopus has a tendency to get chewy but this had a texture like steak!  The flavor of it was amazing as well.  The lemon juice gave it just the right balance of citrus and whatever they marinated it in before frying it was perfect.  Definitely the highlight of the meal.For desert we asked the waitress for her recommendation and she suggested the Hana An Mitsu which is aloe vera with fruit and red bean paste.  I wasn't quite sure about eating aloe vera as I associate it with putting it on my skin for a sun burn but we decided to continue our adventure of trying new things and get it.  It came out almost like a soup, there were big chunks of the aloe, a couple strawberries, some mandarin oranges and the chunky red bean paste all in a liquid of some kind.  Neither of us were really big fans, the aloe chunks were just too big and overpowered the rest of it.  Overall though the meal was one of the best I've had.  The quality and flavors of the food was excellent.
3	Limited menu, high prices... tasty but not filling. I probably won't go back, but that shouldn't stop you from at least trying it.
2	Very disappointed with OUR overall portions & inflated price.  Our sashimi portions were thinly shaved slivers... They were almost as thin as the ginger slices - most of them ripped and transparent. The sashimi pics that others have posted on FB and here on Yelp, look large and generous.  That is not what we got!  Perhaps they were selfish with us because we weren't regulars.  Maybe they give bigger portions to other folks.  I don't know. My husband and I were excited to go there late June 2013. It was our second time there in the course of 3 years.  The first time, we brought our 1 year old boy with us and we were treated "carefully" by the older woman.  She kept an eye on us as if she was worried our boy would throw food or be noisy.  He behaved well and we left satisfied.  I had recently been reading reviews and viewing pics on the super fresh sashimi. We were also excited to bring our own sake and beer. We had always forgotten in the past.  This time, we did not bring out boy.  We did bring our own booze but our bill was outrageous when we were all done even without alcohol.  We ordered lots of sashimi - six pieces each:  halibut -$12, Octopus at $10, striped bass at $10.  Also had a Vegas at $11.50, & Rainbow roll - I don't recall how much they charged for that one.  Anyway our bill was over $60 and they charged us $1.50 each for splitting the bill!  EACH of us.  That is cheap!There were no sashimi combos offered on menu.  Must order each sashimi separately.  We are used to being lavished with giant chunks/slices of sashimi at Ah So on Bell.  We are regulars there.  Maybe that is why we get so much there.  Hana was not generous with fish at all especially the halibut. Paper-thin!  We will not be going back to Hana. The ambience was fine.  Chefs were a little serious and gruff.  Servers seemed gruff too.  Rushed the bill.  Their price was just not worth what we got. The rolls and the portions of sashimi were just way too small.  We left hungry.Not many sushi places in that area.  Cherry Blossom on 14th Street and Camelback is near.  They are more generous.
5	This place is the DEAL.No kidding.THE DEAL.First, there's the sushi.  I'm not a sushi snob, but I do like it fresh, melt in your mouth tasty and of course to not SMELL fishy. This place delivers. Every bite melts in your mouth like butter.  Like fish butter!  Which sounds gross, but just go with me here...It's yummy yummy all around, no matter what you get.  I like the fancy rolls with all the stuff smushed in them, and this place has them all!In addition, it's bring your own wine!  I love when I can just walk in a place with a bottle or two of wine and it's totally no big deal.  Plus it makes the whole night more cost effective (unless of course you purchase some faaaaancy wines). The sushi is VERY reasonably priced, wonderful, you get it fast, and have I mentioned it is delicious?  Cause it is.  DELICIOUS.  You will get weak in the knees, I promise you.The ONLY downside?  The place is unbelievably tiny.  So it fills up to capacity almost as soon as they open the doors.  My advice is to get there AS SOON AS THEY OPEN!  Telling you, I've gone there about five times, and the two times I got there RIGHT when they opened? I just walked right in and got a seat.  Every time I haven't gotten there right as they opened?  Had a LEAST a 45 minute wait.  Believe me, it's still worth it.  But as we are a society of unimaginably impatient people, make sure you get there right when they open!  You won't regret it.
5	This is the BEST sushi in town. HANDS DOWN. Not only is the fish is fresh, the wasabi is also fresh, AND it is BYOB. What more could you ask for!?Our favorite dish there is consistently the fresh carpaccio on special, but everything is good. Also, if you like eel, then this is the place to get it prepared perfectly since it is hard to find good eel in Arizona most of the time.Hana is a MUST try.
5	I love this place. Its BYOB, the waiters are friendly, the owners are greats. Fresh, Fresh, Fresh! Like your sitting at a beach front restuarant in Phoenix. I was so so on Sushi until I found Hana. I recommend Hana over and over as the place to go, and every one that goes is estatic. The place is tiny but there is a patio area and also a bar counter which helps!
5	Four words.  Plum wine ice cream.Sushi was delish, nom nom.
3	The food is good- but it is overpriced for what you get.
4	(Lyrics - The Outfield - Your Love )Sushi's in Phoenix is far awayCome around to Hana and talk it overSo many dishes that I wanna tryYou know I like my sushi a little bit colderI just want some yakisoba tonightI'm going to Hana Japanese Eatery tonightI got so many reviews to get toAlways got to write when I'm hungryYou know I'd do anything for foodStay and eat and have a belly coveredI just want some yakisoba tonightI'm going to Hana Japanese Eatery tonightHana Japanese Eatery is located on 7th Ave. south of Bethany Home Rd. in a tiny outdated strip mall.  At first glance, it doesn't look like much and out of all places a sushi joint is here!  Needless to say once you walk in the place is cozy with a hip mom & pop feel.  It's definitely dark in here, but that lounge cool feel is hot right now so I can't complain.  I'm not a big sushi eater, but my friend ordered some and thought it was pretty good.  I'll have to agree since I only took one bite.  What I ordered was amazing!  Ebi Yakisoba noodles they served here was wonderful.  There was something about the sauce that they mixed.  I asked the waitress, but apparently its chef secret.  That extra sweet after taste left in my mouth is unforgettable, but I can only say it's similar to a kimchi sweetness without the spice.  Definitely one of the best yakisobas I had in a while and that's what's going to keep me coming back since I can't figure out what's in that sauce!  Darn the food gods!  Why must to toil with my palates! - Enjoy!
5	I will always base my opinion of a sushi restaurant according to the freshness and taste of the saba mackerel sushi. Theirs is DIVINE. I mean, it was melting in my mouth. Sometimes you forget how REALLY fresh fish tastes because you live in the desert. Hana will remind you.It's pricier than some other places, but their menu is extensive and their specials are always changing. Expect about $20-30+ a person, unless you order off the lunch/dinner menu only... but why go to a sushi bar without ordering said specialty.
5	Hands down the best sushi in town. Always fresh, interesting and inventive. Hana it's the kind of place that it will make you forget about being in Phoenix in the middle of the desert. A must for any sushi lover.
5	Don't even bother reading any more reviews. Get in your car right now and go! This place is phenomenal. I have lived by the beach my whole life, starting with a Russian fishing town and ending with San Diego. I never thought that I would find the freshest, melt-in-your-mouth sashimi in a strip mall in Phoenix. I know fish. This is good fish. Also, try their tempura veggies and shrimp. Best I ever had. The atmosphere is awesome, everyone is just in a good mood...because they are having the best sushi Phoenix has to offer.
5	Hana is the only Japanese restaurant I will eat sushi in Phoenix. Their prices are quite reasonable, and the quality and freshness is always exemplary. I dine in sometimes, but I often get it to go, since I live nearby. It's pretty busy in the nights, especially the weekend. The nigiri and sashimi are my favorites on the menu. My usual run to Hana includes eel nigir, tuna sashimi, yellowtail sashimi, and sometimes salmon sashimi. They are very generous on their cuts of sashimi, and I don't feel ripped off as I have at other restaurants with paper thin slices of fish. They are always mindful if you have any food allergies and will ask you up front if you have any. So all you lactose-intolerant folks, definitely check out this place. Expect to pay around $40 for a nice amount of sushi, but you will leave satisfied and know you're paying for fresh and great quality food.
5	Hana has without a doubt the best sushi I have ever had. I was blown away at how good it was. The Salmon Sashimi was so fresh and delicious! Every roll we ordered was just mouth watering goodness. Only complaint is that the Edamame is served cold, I've never been a fan of that. Not even a big deal.
5	Just finished an incredible dinner at Hana after many months of hearing about how mind blowing the food is. Here's what I have to say: I can still taste the flavors of each dish and sushi medley in my mouth and on my teeth! My tongue is so happy - and so am I! The service was attentive, the food peaked my interest and Lori (chef/owner) challenged me to push beyond my comfort zone and try new things. The result? A new-found passion for favors I've never experienced and a love of uni shooters! Anyone looking for an authentically beautiful/playful dinner - go Hana!
5	Hands down, best sushi. Hana is our "special treat" place.
5	Great service! Great sushi! Will surely come back again. I like it when a "Japanese" restaurant can speak Japanese.
3	Hana was my first experience with Sushi and it was good, but now that I've tried other sushi places I'm convinced this is not the best but its pretty good. Their presentation is very good, always very friendly. The only problem I would say is that its so small. If the people that sat down in the table bext to you are too loud then you might not enoy your meal so much. Its like your part of their conversation now, and of course you might be waiting for a while. They should really think about opening a bigger location.
5	I come here semi-regularly, The sushi is reasonably priced for the great quality of the dishes. Restaurant is small so you may find yourself waiting for a table bit it's worth the wait. Over all I'd say it's one of the grearest sushi experiences you'll have in Phoenix. Also it's BYOB so if you plan on drinking alcohol with your meal make sure you stop at the Bashas up the street.
2	Friday night and it was packed. While we were there at least one party was always waiting. Thats the sign of a good eatery, so we thought!We had the following: -Bento Box (Sashimi cuts were generous but the I dont think it can be compared to the the freshness of the stock in DC metro or Vancouver BC or Singapore scale). California roll was just bland. Tempura was greasy and had a funny smell. Salad & Miso was average.-Fiery tuna roll was worse than our local supermarket pre-fab. Absolutely no taste, more like a blob. - Octopus tempura was too greasy and a funny oil smell.- Pan Fried Soba: plenty of veggies but what a bland prep!Bottom-line: You can pick up better plates in a plastic box from your supermarket isle. To be fair, I cannot compare this place to other local joints. My reference scale may not be calibrated to the right standard. Looking at the wait list I cant tel that its all yelp hype. May be this is the best you can get in the middle of a desert. My expectations were not  in line. So if you are from near the coasts and have refined Japanese palette, pass HJE and look for Mexican food while you are this close to the border.
4	I took my lady here since she's never been here before. She has a thing for sashimi so I figured this place was pretty good...well reviewed and semi-upscale. The place is small...we had to wait standing in line for about an hour and a half. I wish it was shorter or we could've made a reservation but with the way women get ready...I didn't know if I was going to arrive within 10 minutes of my reservation or 10 days (let's be honest here). I then asked and I think I recollect that they don't take reservations.The parking is somewhat tight when it's night time. Apparently, this is where they get the most business. However, I guess you can always park in the neighborhood streets just a few feet away. It's BYOB. You can bring your own alcohol. I wish I would've brought Moscato but we didn't know until I asked. Our waitress service was slow, but we sat up front and the Sushi Master was a old Japanese guy...quite nice guy. He attended to us very well. Their prices are a little higher than what I'm accustomed to from eating at places like Saki Bomber's or Kabuki but I like watching the food being made in front of me.I would say the food is very fresh but let's face it...the coast is in California and we all know about the drive from there. However, the food was still very delicious. We also bought some of the soup noodle to go. That was very delicious still when we got hungry later on.They had this very cool menu item I think where they bring you a wooden boat with fire and sushi on it. I came back a few days later with a friend and ordered it. Very good.Overall, I thought this place was a very nice date night place. The wait sucks but  it's worth it. We came out full and with a few takeout boxes.
5	Awesome spicy tuna rolls, not a lot of hotties, kind of a neighborhood low key joint, family's n kid's, got to keep the cursing in check, oh bring our own wine too.
4	We have visited Hana about 3 times in the past few months since moving to Windsor Square in Central Phoenix.  The location of Hana is perfect and parking can be found quite easily.  ** Just an fyi - They have recently applied for a Liquor License and we were informed that during the process, they are not permitted to be a BYOB business.The sushi is always fresh, good portions and attentive service from everyone.  Go early or later to avoid standing around watching everyone eat.  They do have a small outdoor patio, it was too cold for us though.
4	Very high-quality, fresh ingredients are used to create every dish.The tuna tataki is the star of the show here and should not missed... I think it is best by far! I would suggest steering clear of the Lil Dyno... It's weird combination of textures and flavors and served hot on a piece of foil. Just not my cup of tea.In my opinion, the atmosphere is a little more casual than their prices would suggest.  That said, the environment is cozy and intimate... Perfect for a date night (or if you are flying solo there are plenty of seats at the sushi bar).TIP:  Be sure to ask for the fresh wasabi - amazing! This is my first time ever finding this anywhere and it had set a new bar in the Japanese dining experience.
4	Very good and fresh. They did have more variety of sushi rolls but I was there for lunch so not sure if dinner has more options.
5	Uhhh... WOW!!!So I went here with a large party of 9 which is a little but difficult at this place, because it's a bit smaller so we had to wait til two tables near each other opened up. Once seated, the service was like a whirlwind! It was just too fast. Lol. Attentitive, but fast... There was no time to sit and relax. You have to look at the menus and decide before you take your next breath! My friends and I were a bit stressed and felt under pressure. Lol. So after looking at the menu, on the specials menu, one item in particular popped out at me, which was the gyu don. I've had gyu don before. Usually around 9 bucks, and I like it a lot, however this pricing was around 16.95. I'm a firm believer of you get what you pay for. Here, it included tofu, mushrooms and thinly sliced beef. The server says it takes a little longer than everyone's but it is worth the wait. And I said okay! And of course, it was the last one to arrive at the table. Oh man! That was pretty delicious!! I loved it. It was like a stew. The broth by itself is kinda salty from soy sauce, but it's fantastic with rice, and the tofu, shrooms, and beef were all so beautifully marinaded because of it!Also, the presentation of my friends' sushi was spectacular! There was a sugar cube that was on fire on this plate of really attractively arranged sushi. So despite being stressed out in the beginning, the food really was impressive. Plus, it's byob so the server said we didn't have to wait to sit to pop open some of our beverages.
5	I can't believe Mike O. has 111 check ins at Hana. Not only does he have the dukedom!  Hana should have a chair with his name on it. Wow!  I seriously cannot claim having been to any one restaurant over 100 times!So this place must be good if Mike O. Is such a loyal, regular costumer. He must roll out of bed and saunter right into Hana!Oh wait, this review is suppose to be about MY experience at Hana. Well, I have to concur with Mike O. This place serves some darn good food. Not just sushi, the cooked varieties too. I've always liked eating here. Sushi is fresh, cooked items full of flavor. I don't always check-in when I eat here but doesn't matter, I don't think anyone is about to take the dukedom away from Mike O. !
2	Came in here with high expectations being that it's on Phoenix food nerds approved list of top restaurants in Phoenix. I was disappointed with my experience. We ordered the Hana bento box combo which includes salad, miso soup, six chef's choice sashimi, California roll, vegetable and shrimp tempura, and some kind of pickled veggies. The good was the fish, very fresh. The bad was almost everything else, nothing special about it, we could get the rest of this at almost any Japanese restaurant. The prices were high for what you get and there wasn't enough food for the high prices. Anyways disappointed and despite the high reviews on yelp and being on phxfoodnerds approved list for 2013, first place I've tried on this list the doesn't make the cut, this place is just like any Japanese eatery with higher prices and the food tastes average.
4	The sushi here is some of the best I've had in Phoenix.  I was a fiercely loyal patron of Zen 32 until it closed, and while Hana isn't as upscale as Zen 32 was, I think the food speaks for itself.  The fish was fresh and lovely and the squid salad was probably the best I've ever had.  I thought it was odd that the edamame was served cold, but everything else was on point.  Hana is super small and it is easy to feel crammed like sardines in there.  I like that it's BYOB because it cuts down on the bill.  The service was spectacular and prompt even on a very busy Saturday night.  I totally recommend Hana for a casual sushi experience.  Excellent food and service.
4	Very nice authentic Japanese food in Phoenix!!!  This place is small and intimate, the staff are very nice, and the food is creative and high quality.  BYOB, don't forget.
3	Good sushi.  Nothing exotic, just pretty good fish, which is difficult enough to find in Phoenix.-The uni was a little sweet, but at this point in the year, it should be sweet and melting- The maguro was better than average.  It had a little bit of a bite, which is what I look for- The aji was very nice- The hamachi was buttery and the best fish of the night- The unagi was better than average- The albacore was average- The suzuki was delicious- The halibut was light and a nice way to start- The Hana roll was ok.  Nothing exciting- The gyoza were not good- Service was friendly, but a little slowIf I'm in the area and jonesing for sushi, I'll go.
5	The BEST sushi in Phoenix! They're not trying to be arrogant, they just serve quality food.  They have a wonderful selection of the most fresh fish!  I also love that it's BYOB.  So they focus 100% on the food.  And they have a great selection of none sushi items to cover everyone's palate.  Plus the service is phenomenal!  My personal fav is the Rainbow Carpaccio!
5	This place is the best.  Awesome atmosphere, great service, and the best sushi I've ever had!  And it's byob which is amazing.  Enough said
1	Terrible wait time and service, thank you for ruining valentines day for us. Food is ok but the service sucks even with reservation. Go else where if you want a quality time. Never going back.
4	I always enjoy Hana's.  It's BYOB and makes for a fun night with friends, family and/or your significant other.  They will chill your beer or wine for you while you enjoy dinner too, which is nice. The sushi here is consistently good, which is not always the easiest to find in Phoenix.  There is also a fun element, you can get sushi served on a boat with flames, always fun to take out of town guests or a group of friends to enjoy.  The squid salad is a favorite dish here.  All of the varieties of sushi I have had here are always reliably good and the fresh.   It is a smaller restaurant, so expect that you might have a little wait time.  The service is sometimes a little hit or miss, I have had terrific wait staff and not so terrific, but overall this is a great go-to.
5	This is our favorite sushi spot by far! It makes for the perfect date night. On our last visit we rode our bikes there, and sat at the sushi bar. The owner greeted us with a warm smile and a great sense of humor. She made us feel special and welcome. The food was amazing to look at, and to devour (as always)! We ordered the gringo rolls - caterpillar, dragon, vegas. Simply delicious!We left feeling satisfied and happy. Sushi is perfect for bike riding. You don't feel too overstuffed to ride home. We aren't regulars, but I think that's going to change.
5	Hana is my personal favorite spot for Japanese and sushi in Phoenix. The sushi here is always fresh and high quality. Also, their sushi has properly done rice, which is hard to find in AZ. Everything else I've tried on the menu has been excellent, the soba and tempura stand out in particular. The service here is always really friendly. The only thing I wish Hana had was slightly more space inside. All around a great place for sushi and Japanese!
4	Well, I have to say that I never would of thought of coming here on my own. But, My girlfriend had been here before and really liked it.So we give it a try then.It is located in a shopping center,right on the end. There is a decent amount of parking. The fun thing is you can bring your own booze in. Either beer or wine.You do not see that in many places, so I like it.The food is really fresh and quite good. I am not a huge fan of healthy food, but I will do it for T's sake.I do like it here though, not too bad at all. It is a bit small in here. So it can get crowded fast. It is clean ,and the staff is fun and nice.
4	Fish was very fresh which is always my number 1 priority.  Presentation was nice.  Authentic style Japanese restaurant.  Service was fast and friendly.  Went during lunch.  Prices average.  If you aren't into sushi they seemed to have plenty of kitchen items to choose from.  Would give 4.5 stars but haven't figured out how to do that.  My only annoyance was that the ventilation wasn't great so it was a tad smokey.
4	This is my new favorite sushi place in the valley.  Every single time I've gone (and I've gone a lot in the past few years) it's been fresh and delicious.  The variety of rolls is great too for those who don't like traditional sushi.  The service is always great.  I've never had a bad experience.  It's small and sometimes it's super busy but service and quality never suffer.  I do wish they served beer and sake but that's my only complaint (and very  minor at that as you can always bring your own!).
5	Friendly staff and delicious food at a reasonable price. Just had a terrific date night with the boyfriend here. Always enjoy going out to dinner and having perfect customer service. Very friendly waitress, food came out quick and dishes we were finished with were taken away as soon as we had the last bite which I love because I hate a cluttered dining table when I eat out. We ordered a little too much because everything looked so good, but that's more of a observation than a complaint. Definitely one of those places I'd recommend to others without hesitation.  Just a tip. If alcohol is your thing, bring your own, as they don't serve any. Didn't bother me though I'll just remember for next time.
4	I love this place. The food is delicious ,the service is great.Yes its a bit pricey like most good Japanese restaurants but Im willing to pay for great food. Ive been many times.Dinner is better than lunchtime.I went on my Birthday and the server overheard my conversation and they gave me a free tempura ice-cream desert with a candle.. Totally unexpected.They are incredibly friendly and accommodating.Ive lived in Seattle and San Francisco, Ive traveled to Japan. Hana is as close as you can get to really good Japanese food in Arizona.
4	Nigiri: great. As to be expected. Sashimi: fresh, very tasty. Well presented. Service: waitress running around. Friendly enough just difficult to get attention. Food dido come out quickly though. Experience: sat at the bar - really cramped due the number of people there. Unfortunately lost a bit of ambiance. I'd go back for the food.
5	Great restaurant, great food. A little pricey but worth it! Very good atmosphere. Must try the Summer Snow Sake - it's awesome! Our server was very knowledgeable. We skipped looking at the menu and just told him what types of sushi we liked and he kept coming out with a winner every time!
5	Best sushi I have ever had, hands down. I thought I was going to be so dissapointed that they didn't serve alcohol, but nope! The food was so damn good that it doesnt even matter. Love the idea of BYOB, just have never tried it before. Huge servings, healthy, tasty, my favorite was the Las Vegas Roll. Holy hell. Amazing.
1	If you have more than 2 people then don't show up hungry. We had a group of 3 and the hostess put our name on the waiting listing. At the time there was not enough spots to sit at the sushi bar. When enough seats for 3 did open up at the bar the hostess sat 2 people who had just arrived. When asked why we did not get the option to sit at the bar the hostess shrugged us off. The food was not good enough to overcome the bad start. I didn't feel that the staff was friendly or rude. They seemed busy like worker ants.
4	Went on my birthday last Wednesday for the first time and it was surprisingly busy for a Wednesday. Ordered the spicy tuna roll, quail egg shooter, hamachi Kama, and some squid nigiri. The spicy tuna was good giving a little extra per piece after the sushi was already cut. Quail egg shooter was delicious. Hamachi Kama was disappointing because it was over cooked and burned at some parts leaving certain parts of the yellowtail collar to be dry and not as mouth melting as it should be. The squid nigiri was good but not the best. I was disappointed they gave me a specials sheet but was out of some things I wanted to try. Especially the monk fish liver. The service was very quick and friendly. I would definitely come back and eat here again to try other things on the menu
5	Went on a date here last night and we had the best service. The staff was so friendly and helpful. Food came out quickly. The Sashimi was fresh and the rolls were delicious.
4	This place was recommended by New Tokyo ladies. We came here early Friday evening and the place was already packed. I felt that menu option was limited. No chirashi, No sushi dinner set. I really like Asari appetizer and OMG... sushi was really good. Come early and BYOB. Must try!
5	Definitely worth the wait!!!! The staff is awesome, chef is amazing and FYI bring your own wine bc they have no bar.
5	What a great place to eat!! The freshest sushi and great staff. Had the best Yellowtail
5	Hana has us coming back for fresh fish (we order mostly sashimi). They have fantastic yellowtail sashimi. Always. Never not fresh. We love their uni shooters, the rainbow carpaccio is a must as well! This is a family operation and we love that, they are always friendly and remember repeat customers. They get really busy at times, but we think it's totally worth the wait. Also, Hana is BYOB, that's the icing on this cake!!! Their cooked food is amazing as well! They have authentic Japanese dishes and you can always ask for something that's not on the menu. If they could only open another location at Tatum and Shea ;-)
4	I'm heavily leaning towards giving Hana the 5 stars I feel like it deserves, but as always I like to leave a little room so I have all the more reason to come back to this cute, Japanese eatery.Since relocating from the Bay Area in California to AZ, I was on an intense hunt to find good sushi/sashimi. My friends scoff with eyes wide, questioning if this is a wise choice. Seriously fish in the desert? Well yes, after a few Yelp searches Hana popped up and I had to try it.Super cute, modern, intimate and romantic looking interior space. It's a decent sized restaurant that comes with a sushi bar area. I was seated at the bar (dined solo) and was given menus. I went with the Agedashi Tofu to start with and the Yellowtail Roll as my main course. -Agedashi Tofu: soft tofu covered in potato starch then fried, the multiple cubes sit in a Tsuyu sauce and topped with bonito flakes and green onions. Really good and the portion size is very generous, this app could easily be for 2 people. The light coating makes the tofu slightly crisp, with a soft interior and tastes great with the light sauce and is accented by the fishy flakes and freshness of the green onion. Be careful, these are really hot so you might scald your mouth! It's totally worth it though!-Yellowtail Roll: Yellowtail and cucumber makes up this sushi roll and is garnished with green onions. I loved it because it's simple and refreshing. The sushi rice was seasoned and cooked well. Sometimes simple is just plain better.-Bluefin Tuna Sashimi w/ Wasabi Relish: So, so, so good. Great meaty texture, had large flakes and was really delicious with the Wasabi Relish. First time trying this relish and it is hands down, amazing- wasabi paste who?The service here is great and I love the enthusiasm and greetings the sushi chefs and servers here use, from ~irasshaimase, onegai shimasu or hai. This place is also allergy friendly, which is great! I was checked up on from time to time and even struck up conversation with one of the owners of the place- Rick (Koji), who let me know the inspiration behind the opening of Hana and the sources of their products. Hana has fish from the West and East coast to even Mexico flown in and I have to say, I am pleasantly surprised at the quality they serve here. Hana has great intentions, provides quality food and has provided a welcoming and friendly staff that makes me feel a bit less homesick about being a newly transplant into this lovely state.
2	The stars are for service only as the manager and owner was extremely accommodating and did not charge us for the food we could not eat.. So that's the good part but you must be wondering Hope why would you go to a restaurant to not eat food?! Crazy I know, but the food was just that awful we could not force it down ! I ordered a few rolls and asked for cream cheese to be added because I like the creamy taste mixed with flavorful fish .. Keyword is flavorful . This tasted like eating a stick of cream cheese wrapped in rice, nothing else had Any flavor !! When I explained to the manager she tried to say well you added cream cheese and now you're complaining it tastes like cream cheese , fair point if there was nothing else in the roll, however a tiny amount of it should not completely over power everything else, don't blame the poor cream cheese dude, blame your lousy quality tasteless fish! We tried sashimi too and it literally had no taste on its own. The pork Gyoza was the only thing that tasted normal .. Speaking of which we asked for spicy mayo and if you have had sushi anywhere you know it's pretty thin and spicy. This was just regular thick globby mayo with probably food coloring as it was not spicy at all! Also their drinks were Flat and when I pointed it out I was told that's not possible it was just changed today ! Seriously you guys with broken taste buds stop leading us astray! Sushi station which is a revolving sushi bar tastes like 20x better than here, we went there after we left here since we only had a few bites each and were still hungry !
4	Some good Japanese food here. The sushi has always been good and the sashimi as well. The ramen is no joke and will scratch the itch for sure. Not on the menu, they have made us okonomiyaki and katsudon on request and it is always spot on and tasty.
5	Very friendly staff, seated right away, came in close to 10 which is their closing time and still served us, even asked if we wanted anything else before they close the grill. It's a great place, good vibe to it, not a bad location. Definitely deserves the 5 stars.
4	Our 1st taste of Sushi in Phoenix and we were impressed. It was a lot busier and louder than our local sushi place in Chicago, but the food didn't disappoint. It was a bit pricier than we are used to, but the fish was super fresh and came out quick. The ordering process seemed a bit confusing but our waitress help us through it with a smile! I will definitely give it another try once we move there.
4	I was on my way back from Flagstaff to the hotel and got off the freeway to find an ATM, I just happen to be on the street that this restaurant is on and it came up on my GPS too. The sign has a hibiscus flower so I thought it might be a Hawaiian themed place. I went in and it was sort of dark with a sushi bar on the right and tables in the center and left part of the restaurant. I ordered the yakiniku steak and salmon sushi. The steak had a grilled onion type topping which was very good and the meat was tender. The thing I liked was the salmon sushi which they had some sort of fire cube which was flaming when it was brought to the table. I will go back on my next trip to AZ.
5	Wonderful sushi bar. Love the byob! Get the yellow tail collar if available, it's a must try. Hana roll is very good. They had fresh toro last time and it was great.
5	Most definitely some of the best sushi in town, in my book. Small place, but quick to get seated because it's usually just me and one or two others. We typically like to get seated at the bar. Service is great! We always bring in our own bottle of wine, and just catch up on life. The atmosphere rocks. It just has a really upbeat feel to it, and I mean, come on --- awesome sushi! Anyone who says otherwise is crazy! You get what you pay for.TRY THE UNI! Always fresh when I go :)
5	5 stars for this one!Great food and awesome service. I had the udon noodle with shrimp tempura bowl. Sooooo good. Girlfriend got a tuna roll and loved it.
3	Sorry only 3 stars... I mean the sushi is not bad at all. Fancy creative rolls but for what I paid I don't think the food should cost that much ($60 for 2).. the tuna tar tar is tasteless and not fresh to me.. the rolls are so so.. good serive
4	This was a great place to enjoy dinner for my daughters' birthdays! The miso soup was perfect, the sushi rolls were very good, and the service was great. They even brought a delicious fried ice cream dish with strawberries and whipped cream to help us celebrate. The only thing I was disappointed in was the iced teas were not fresh, but canned, although the foreign can was fun, too. We will be back!
1	I heard this place was great so I wanted to try it. Maybe this is a one off but it was a horrendous experience: I called ahead for pick up- though I had given enough time they were still very late (talking 25 minutes real time here) getting it to me. I drove home realized they had given me the wrong order so I went back, the manager wanted the Ngiri I was given by mistake back, to give to another person after it had been in my possession for a good 40 minutes. Gave it back of course, just thought it's weird. And guess what they made me wait another 20 minutes even though I had called when I got home and realized it was the wrong order. Really a bummer because I wanted to try this place and have what otherwise seems a good place for sushi according to most people.
5	This place is amazing!!! The service was fast, the staff is friendly and the sushi is amazing! The place is a bit small so come quick to get a table! Also, BYOB concept helps me save money on my bill
4	Hana has got to be the place with the friendliest service around!!  Everyone who works here from the servers to the cooks to the owner are super friendly and helpful, you can tell they truly enjoy what they do! Food is delicious, and I love that it's BYOB.  They are also very accommodating with food allergies, it's one of the first things I was asked when I sat down.  You're guaranteed to have fun when you eat here!
4	I tried this place out for the first time last night, and I have to say it was pretty good!The good:1. The servers are really attentive and friendly. They make sure you get what you want and try to accommodate your needs.2. They actually ask about food allergies!!! Because I have some, this was a big bonus for me.3. You can tell the rice, fish, and vegetables in the sushi were fresh.The bad:1. It's a tad on the expensive side; I could spend as much as I did on two people in another sushi restaurant with similar quality.The ugly:1. It's a little crowded in the place because it is so small. Luckily I got a to-go order but it was still a little longer than had anticipated; I waited 7 minutes before leaving because it only took me 10 to get there and they said it would be 15. I got there about 20 minutes after I put in the order, and still waited for about another 15. It wasn't a ridiculous wait, and of course they were accommodating as mentioned previously, but still...I was hungry.That's about it! I would definitely eat here again!
5	Visiting from southern CA and made a great choice from Yelp's review. The service was great and the quality of fish was great. Just know it's BYOB.
3	The service was excellent.  It was very busy so we opted to sit outside. It's byob so that was disappointing. The food was ok. It was certainly edible and the presentation was nice. It just wasn't awesome.
5	The best sushi! Variety is awesome! Friendly! BYOB tho!!theres a French bakery that sells Sake and whatever else you may want with your sushi across the street!! Great fresh and oh so yummy!!
5	I tell everyone that likes sushi to go to Hana. It really is the best in the valley. The service is always beyond excellent. You can bring your own wine or beer. A few of my favorites are the cold soba noodles, the Hamachi Kama and anything with Uni. They have the most fresh Uni I've had in the desert. The nimono is also really delicious and different that other types of tsukemono or nimono I've had before. I always leave Hana with a smile.
5	Miso soup is awesome, dragon roll, lobster roll and Unagi all were really good too!  Make sure to BYOB or your dinner will go really fast..LOL! Loved the service & friendly people!Even was told "Happy Holidays" as we left!
4	Delicious!!  Raw rolls fresh & seasoning well balanced, yet explosive in flavor. Good prices. Friendly & patient server. Docked a star since my friend waited 30 minutes (no joke) for her spider roll (something that shouldn't have taken that long to prep). My other friend & I got ours in a timely fashion, especially given how busy they were. Kind of a cozy/low-key place-limited seating. I would happily return there again!
5	Authentic Japanese food, a bit pricey, but it's worthy.
5	When I go to a sushi restaurant, I look to make sure they follow the rules below:1- Must have fresh wasabi. The paste you mix with soy sauce to your desired level of brown is great and all, but real, fresh wasabi is much much better. It has a biting taste, and not something you want to dollop on your rolls. It opens your sinuses right up, but in an awesome way. Best thing about Hana? It was free, and it kept coming!2 - Limited American roll selection. If you like your Las Vegas rolls, good for you. I however like my raw fish, and my simple sashimi, sushi, and rolls. Hana has a very purposeful menu that sticks to the good stuff.3 - Decor. Hana is tiny. Probably seats 40 on a good day. Very clean and modern feel inside though. No obtrusive posters or ads, all food (dinner and sushi) are made right there behind the bar.Price was, Hana is a bit on the higher side, but you are paying for the quality and the service. Service was wonderful.I ended up getting the Miso Soup to start (delicious), squid salad, Alaska roll, and an oyster shooter (best part of my meal).This place is BYOB, so there is that. They also asked me about any allergies at the very beginning of the meal, which was kinda great (and would be even awesomer for someone who actually has any allergies),Overall, is this a place you go weekly? No, not unless you are made of money. However, special occasions, dates, celebrations with a small group of friends? For sure!
1	Ammonia-scented noodles mean I am not coming back here for ramen.  Apparently, according to the Internet, this occurs when noodles are made with alkali water and the preparing kitchen doesn't change out the water frequently (or, I imagine, uses too little water).  First time in my life I've encountered this, and I've had a LOT of ramen and saimin.Wait staff was apologetic but didn't offer to comp the meal.  I won't be back.
3	The owner was nice and accomodating.  The prices were a little too high, but within range of most sushi restaurants.  When the food arrived, we were a little dissapointed.  This place and been highly recommended and we drove across town to get there expecting the best sushi in town.  The sashimi was good, but not as fresh as typically offered by our neighborhood sushi restaurant.  In addition, it was not cut by the chef correctly,  leaving it thin with an odd texture.  The rolls were much better, but were on the small side.  However,  the restaurant was charming, the service was great, and the food was otherwise good.  I can see why this place is always busy with regulars.   It's just not worth the drive across town when we have other more convenient options that we prefer.
