4	This place has some pretty tasty lunch specials... pick a meal and get salad, cinnamony won-ton chips and rice for $7 (plus drink and tip).  The veggie stir-fyr is really yummy.It can get pretty crowded around lunchtime so go early, but the service is fast, so once you are seated you won't need to wait long for your food.
4	Good Asian food, can't give a complete review because I am very unadventurous and order the sweet and sour chicken every time, but that itself is great!The Pre-meal salad is also good, coming from someone who is not an avid salad eater.  The only downside is the dressing coats your throat and you will be tasting it throughout the remainder of the day!
1	Odd menu, poor choices, poorly presented. The way the food is served is strange, they give you the cooked meat, with the flavor (sauce) on the side. Good rice. I was disappointed with the menu it is very limited as far as Asian restaurants go. They have no side dishes... I mean really? What is a Chinese dinner without a few side dishes? Comfortable dining room and a nice bar. The service was marginal, the  waiters seemed confused and not familiar with the menu, even as small as it is. They scrambled and wanted to charge me for a 13 dollar dinner, just because I wanted a side of noodles. I will not go back. Disappointing if you are used to really good Chinese food. To sum it up... find another place!
2	This is not good Asian food.  The veggie stir fry was terrible.  The rice was deplorable.  The hot and sour soup was very good - a bright spot on the menu.  If I was ever forced to come here again, I would order that.  Otherwise, this is genericized Asia food that is no better than the take out you could get at any mall in any state in the U.S.  And, the service was slow.  Not terrible.  Just kind of absent.
2	I ate there on a friend's recommendation; I won't be asking for any for anymore recommendations.  The two dishes I tried were both overly salty, I'm guessing to mask the flavor.  The quality of food just wasn't that good.  If you looking for food of this nature (un-authentic Chinese), give Pei-Wei or PF Changs a try instead.  They're much, much better.
5	Best lettuce wraps anywhere. Best tom ka gai soup anywhere. Pad Thai Satay is so completely inauthentic, I mean COMPLETELY different than real Pad Thai, but you know what, it's so damned good that I could really care less, and order it almost every time I go there. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
4	So Santa was very generous this past Xmas.. he left me loads of yummy eats gift cards including Flo's Asian Kitchen.. Ive been here once before and while I liked it, thought that the lacking service and typical dishes found pretty much anywhere else would stop me from coming back. Well can't disappoint Santa!I'm not a fan of the dumbed down over sugared, over salted Americanized fluff supposed Chinese places that have been serving in our lovely urban sprawl for some time.. THAT place starts with initials. Flo's offers many different regional specialties done very well. For instance the Calamari with Chile's was just plain awesome.. simple and fresh, crusted calamari with chile's, no sauce, sugar, goop or glop.. just simple and delicious.  The chicken curry skewers we're so tender and flavorful with the additional taste of coconut milk.. oh how I heart coconut milk! Service was good and the Tiger beers were nice and cold.. will certainly return to Flo's soon! Also to be mentioned, while this place gets busy not nearly the noise level of Thompson Peak.. actually very intimate considering the size of the dining room. Thank you Santa.. I love you!
4	Out of all of the Flo's locations, this is the one I've frequented the most over the past 3 years of living in the Valley.  I've seen the menu change here and there, but I have to say, I've never had a bad meal at Flo's.I met my friend Melanie H for dinner this evening and we really enjoyed our meal... we had great service - our waters stayed filled throughout the time we were there, and our food was served promptly. Our server checked on us several times as well.  We started with vegetable pot stickers and requested that they come steamed.  They were delicious! Next, we shared 'Indian Curry Vegetables' (I ordered it with shrimp) and Indian Vindaloo Chicken.  Both were extremely tasty - fresh veggies, chicken, and shrimp in really flavorful sauces with just the right amount of spice.  The curry vegetable dish came with broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, snow peas, and long beans.  The chicken dish had tomatoes and onions. We also had steamed white rice.Note to Flo: We were both disappointed that you took the Vietnamese Spring Rolls off of the menu and I miss the days of the green curry dish with calamari. One more thing - the chicken corn soup that you serve at the DC Ranch location should be offered at the others as well - I love that soup!Fortune cookies came along with the check and we both were happy with our fortunes.  The bill didn't break the bank either.  See you again soon, Flo!
4	Well lets see. I live in the far SW valley and Flo's Asian Kitchen is in the far NE valley. Everytime we go it cost us at least an extra $40 just in gas to get here, however it is well worth it. Been here at least 4 times, the last time we were in, they did not have the wonderful spring rolls. I hope its just a seasonal thing. The lettuce wraps are the best in the valley. I have tried a few other Flo's restaurant, and this one is the best. Very un-Scottsdale atmosphere. Big open room. Tables are some what close to each other, however the few times we have been there it has never been packed. They have the menu layed out by region. Very easy to understand. Their beer/wine list is limited,but what they do have is pretty good. Last time we were in they were featuring Mondavi.
4	Seems like the menu has been overhauled since I last dined here a couple of years ago. But NBD. We skipped the appetizers, knowing that our entrees would be plenty filling. The tasty appetizer selection is worth considering, though, if you're at Flo's with a fairly big party. We liked all of our dishes -- the spicy bean curd, the shrimp and pan-fried noodles and the chicken vindaloo, with the latter being maybe the weakest of the bunch. With it being early and uncrowded on a hot and humid evening, the wait staff was friendly and very attentive. Try out this location before the snowbirds return.
5	Love Flo's!  Good food, inexpensive and quick!  I have been going to Flo's for lunch for quite a while now.  They do indeed have a new menu, but still have all the lunch time favorites available, you may have to ask for them if you don't see them on the menu.  You can get salad, rice and an entree for lunch for around $7.  Their food is so delicious you will want to eat the entire meal in one sitting, but I always try to save some for leftovers.  I am really picky about Asian food, and this restaurant tops my list!
2	Sorry Flo, but I won't be coming back to this location..  The food was totally uninspired & bland as can be.  It's amazing that  even though it's the same restaurant, the Flo's on Thompson Peak is SO much better!This is what we had:  1) wonton soup:  watered down tasteless broth, HUGE slivers of pork which was kinda gross and wontons that were 99%skin and 1% meat  2) hot & sour soup:  it was just OKay  3) mapo tofu:   salty, starchy, &  sauce had NO flavor 4) pepper beef:  tasteless and again salty.  It tasted like soy sauce and not much of anything else.The 2 stars are for the service and the miso salad dressing.  it was good but the herbal vinegarette at TP location is SO much better!!
4	FLO... Please open a central Phoenix location! I have to agree with Gabi.. I love this location.. the service is always good, the food always yummy.. This location is focused on Thai flavors more so then Chinese. Today I came in for their lunch special.. not bad for $13.00 ! Started with the Pot Stickers... 6 little pan fried dumplings, savory and piping hot! These are one of the best in the valley I think! ($5.00) For the main entree, I ordered the Lemon Grass chicken ($7.50) which is a smaller portion then dinner, served with rice and a fresh mixed green salad, peanut dressing. This dish is my favorite here... tender chicken slices, teamed with lots of mixed veggies, all kissed with lemon grass infused light brown sauce..YUM! You really can't go wrong here.. From what I understand from the attentive bartender is that Flos offers a happy hour Mon-Friday with half priced drinks and appetizers... and on Saturdays, they offer a $5.00 lunch special! Awesome! Check it out... if you like Thai... you'll love this Flos Location!
4	This is one of my old standbys.  Great for takeout or eating there.  Its never that crowded and the food is awesome.  My absolute favorite is the green curry chicken.  If I could be sure no one saw me, I would lick the bowl!  The japanese teppanyaki beef is also wonderful.  The meet is super tender and the noodles are delish.  The malaysian cashew beef and lettuce wraps are also great choices.  I like the varitey they offer, lots of different asian flavors.  I'm moving farther away soon and am bummed it won't be right down the street.  But I'll still make the trip!
5	flos is probably one of my favorite places for takeout. Its also very nice restaurant. They have a mixture of Chinese and thai food. They're teriyaki chicken is delicious.. and i love their egg rolls, they're so light.I been to some pretty pricey Chinese restaurants in the valley and wasted money,  Flo's is definitely worth every penny. if you want delicious fine Chinese/Thai cuisine, flo's is the place to be!
5	I love the food & the value is great. Service is good, family friendly, nice ambience. It's my favorite place. We usually head out there on Friday's before 7pm to enjoy the happy hour with half off appetizers and alcoholic beverages. Our usual order includes any one of the curry's, cashew chicken, basil chicken, yakisoba. The chicken on skewers are a great appetizer. They're pretty much always full house, but I've never had trouble being seated within about 5 mins. Yaaay to Flo's!
3	Not bad, not great.  Flo's has a great atmosphere, very clean, casual and modern... but none of the food was great.  We started with shrimp rangoon and lettuce wraps.  The rangoon was OK - I didn't see or taste any shrimp at all, pretty sure it was all cream cheese.  The chicken filling for the lettuce wraps was so salty and oniony - not so good.Entrees were orange chicken and cashew beef.  The chicken was just OK - sauce was too sweet.  The beef was the best dish - really tender and well flavored, but so salty.I prefer my local Chinese place in St. Louis over this upscale but disappointing restaurant.
4	We ventured out to Flo's for dinner tonight. Met my daughter and her girlfriend Kylie. My wife ordered won ton soup and chicken pot stickers; Janine ordered the Chile Orange Chicken; Kylie, the Pad Thai with Shrimp and I chose the Basil and Black Bean Beef.When they came out with our food, they hadn't cleared the table of soup bowls and used plates and the server was standing there waiting for the table to be cleared. We ended up gathering them all up and handing them to the server. What's with that, it's NOT our job.As for the food, the soup was tasty with enough won tons. It looks like they used pork fat, to give the soup flavor. I think the Vietnamese do the same thing in their cooking. Both the orange chicken and beef was excellent except, there wasn't enough beef for second helpings. The Pad Thai wasn't prepared that well, the chicken on the skewer had too much peanut sauce which made it taste mushy. The noodles were over cooked and I couldn't tell if it was noodles or tofu but there was a good portion of shrimp.I've had better meals and service there...but, I still am a fan of Flo's and I'll be back to try it again. If you get there between 3 and 7 PM the appetizers and drinks are half-off. Can't beat that with a chopstick.
3	This is a really good place to eat....most of the time. I have tried several things off the menu but there is really only one thing I like there, Lunch. Otherwise I would have given it higher marks. they have a fantastic ginger dressing with the lunch salad and to date is still my favorite dressing period. They serve it in advance of the lunch item you ordered and fried won-ton chips come with that. The combined flavors and crunchy of the chips make it a great intro to the main lunch item.My one and only favorite thing at Flo's it the Ginger Beef. It's in a dark spicy sauce and I also order it with peanuts. This flavor combination will rock you and the beef is very tender.Try it for lunch some time.
4	I do enjoy doing takeout their for lunch. I mean for under $10 you can get a pretty big meal, a salad, and the fried wonton chips. I do know that they use to have a little bit of cinnamon and sugar coated on them and lately, not so much. At any rate, rumor has it that you don't get the salad at dinner time? Try it out, you won't be disappointed.
4	Stopped here last night for happy hour - most all appetizers and drinks 50% off - what a deal!Then, we got carry out for home.  Food was excellent, fresh, tasty.If I lived here I'd be a regular!
3	I was just here for lunch today and I got the spicy beef with ginger. Very good but I asked for it to be extra spicy as their version of spicy and my very of spicy is very different. Sigh... Oh well, I at least have leftovers and can add a few extra spices to get it as spicy as I like.
4	Definitely American-style Chinese...no shame in that though, great food here.Entrees were on the large side though so order to share.
4	I like Flo's for lunch. It's fast, it's tasty, and it's a ton of food for a pittance. I skip the wonton strips that come first and dig into the small green salad with the scrumptious ginger dressing. My favorite dish here is the Yellow Curry Chicken because it has lots of  veggies. It comes with eggplant, broccoli, onions and peppers and tastes divine without being to overly rich. And there is always more than enough for a second meal. All that for just over 8 bucks (drink not included) is a heck of a good lunch deal. Lunch is served until 3pm too, which is nice for people who prefer a later lunch like I do.
3	I went here for the third time the other night and am finally getting around to reviewing it since it has been a while since I last went. (Flo's was the head to destination for food after landing at Sky Harbor when visiting my boyfriend before moving here back in August.)My experience with the menu is not that adventurous I will admit. I've stuck with some staples and they have been consistent over the times I've visited. Dinner usually starts with the Garden Green Salad which is fresh tasting with a nice dressing. The menu states a miso dressing but I taste some peanut sauce in it? Regardless... GOOD. I vow to try and replicate it someday. Next staple? The Vietnamese Spring Rolls. Chicken and potato? I know... but they're delicious and one order is never enough it seems. This last time we tried the potstickers. Decent... not the best I've had. They are a little on the chewy side and not quite as crispy as I tend to like them. The flavor lacked a bit too. Dinner consists of the Peanut Chicken which isn't exactly as spicy as I would like it but still pretty good.I wouldn't say Flo's is the best I've ever had but it's NOT bad in my book. The modern and clean decor makes the atmosphere a nice alternative to little Asian dives I've been to in the past. Service has always been good in my experience.
5	Oh Flo's how do I love thee....Let me count the ways 1. Quickly seated from a sweet hostess 2. Fast & Friendly service!! 3. Those little heavenly wanton chips that I dip in Flo's out of this world sweet and sour sauce 4. THE FREAKEN GARDEN SALAD! For the love of all things holy! I wish they bottled and sold the salad dressing! Its crack people! Crack on a salad! Cant.Get.Enough. 5. The lunch size sweet and sour chicken is great! If you are really hungry its just enough, or not so hungry its good for a little lunch tomorrow! And the chicken is crisp yet light, and its not drenched in sauce, its just perfectly sauced...always! I heart you Flo's, I really do. I haven't even taken the hubs here yet, you are like my  little secret! I need to take the hubs here, he will love it and most likely leave me to make out with the salad dressing, cause its that amazing!
4	I love curried chicken and the yellow curry actually had a good selection of veggies not the typical potatoes, so I was pleased! Good prices, good service. Brown Rice, always another plus for me-I try to stay away from the white carbs when at all possible, so anytime there is a whole grain option, I am always pleased.
4	I've tried several of their dishes at this Flo's location and they've been all good.  What keeps me coming back again and again is their hot and sour soup~ made fresh, full of flavor with large pieces of white chicken meat and large shrimps.  Usually, when I am feeling under the weather, like today, I stop by Flo's for a quick "pick me up" of their aromatic and delicious hot and sour soup and after consuming the large bowl, big enough for four people, I felt better and left a happy customer~ along with a to go order of wonton soup to nurse my coughing throat for later on in the day.
3	Definitely americanized asian cuisine. But very good none the less. I had the green curry and it was pretty good. I'd definitely recommend it to other people.
4	Meets all the criteria for a splendid lunch.  Quick and efficient service.  Great prices.  Food that doesn't make you want to take a 2pm nap.  And food that is exceptionally tasty....even a tad healthy.
1	"BLAND" is my one word summary1) vegetable dumplings...i'd say it was frozen then thawed out and tasted like pot stickers you'd get anywhere...the one's at Fate now those were good. (2 stars)2) hot & sour soup was huge which is usually a good thing...but useless if it doesn't taste hot & sour at all...all I tasted was sweet & more sweet soup. (1 stars)3) chicken vindaloo (what was I thinking ordering and indian dish at a chinese place?)  anyways probably the worst thing I have ever tasted in my life and tasted absolutely nothing like chicken vindaloo. (0 stars)4) wife had vegetable fried rice...i think they forgot that we ordered everything spicy...had no flavor and i think they even forgot the soy sauce to make it fried rice (1 star)on a positive note my wife did like the free salad and wonton chips and the service was good.  overall I wouldn't give this place another try even with all the stellar reviews.
5	LOVE Flo's!We have been coming here for over four years, and it's a family favorite.  The food is always FRESH, the service reliable, and the flavors amazing.My family has their favorites:  the Wonton soup, a light broth, with fresh basil, sliced char sui pork, and wontons; egg drop soup with shrimp; we always get two orders of Calamari, which is sooo addictive- chewy crunchy with vegetables and a salty-spice seasoning; fabuloso lettuce wraps, no special sauces needed; and my youngest loves the crab puffs.Note- I haven't even addressed the entree's, but we have had many and have never been disappointed.  We usually order our usual orange-style chicken (kids), and one other entree that's new to us.  Truly, never a bad experience.  I'm partial to the vegetarian eggplant dish, and the YangChow fried rice.I'm just getting ready to take my family there now for dinner, in fact!We have done Mother's day there, and family birthdays.  There is so much variety, and everyone is happy.Prices have gone up, but lunch deals are great.
5	Everything here is great.
3	Let me start by saying I love the food at Flo's. I don't think I have ever been disappointed in anything I have ever eaten there. The curries are a standout for me; particularly the Malaysia Cashew Beef and the Green Chicken Curry. Yum. Well, the hubby hated the atmosphere...too noisy due to concrete and scraping of chairs on said concrete...so if we want Flo's for dinner it is carryout only. One of my gal pals is always up for going out to lunch and loves the food at Flo's, too. We go there fairly frequently. Or should I say, we used to go there fairly frequently. Monday was the last straw. We sit down, with menus to the side and start yakking. A minute or two goes by and before our server has even come by, the food runner plunks down our salads and fried won tons. Now mind you, we have not ordered food yet, let alone DRINKS. Are you kidding me? Who serves the salad course before drinks are even ordered? Tacky. Super tacky. We looked at each other incredulously. Now here comes our "charming" server. Who waited on me last time I was there, by the way,  and was every bit as "charming". She opens with: "Are you ready to order" no "Hello", no "May I get you something to drink"...girlfriend is cutting right to the chase. I look up and simply say I would like an iced tea. Gal pal Sue replies, "Yes the same for me". Then Ms Personality asks if we are ready to order. I say "No" as coldly as she asks us. Yuk. What a buzz kill. Okay. Things went fairly fine after that. She came by two more times (with a little less 'tude) and on the third we did order. Of course it came out with lightening speed, and of course it was delicious. It is also such a good deal for lunch with most entrees served with salad coming in at around 7-8 bucks a pop. So, I have a couple of questions: Is the management so bad that they make everybody miserable who work there? And why the rush rush rush? It is a large restaurant, we were there at the tail end of lunch, and clearly not in a hurry. The joint was half empty. I have waited tables and I know that working the lunch shift kind of sucks because you don't turn your tables. But I tip accordingly if I overstay my welcome. Good look doing that at Flo's. We were still in and out of there in less than an hour even with our delay tactics.
5	Service and Food is always excellent. For a sit down quick chinese restaurant you can't beat Flo's
2	We had dinner with another couple at Flo's, based on the reviews we read here. Unfortunately, 2 stars is about all I can muster. The food was as lackluster as the service. Spring rolls were quite greasy (meaning they hadn't been drained adequately at best); and the four dishes we tried were distinctly uninspired. Flo's would certainly not be my first choice for Asian food in the Valley. And I doubt that anyone in our party will be returning. If you're searching for impressive Asian cuisine, skip this place.
3	My mom loves it. My daughter loves it. I like it. Their lunch special is a great deal; one evening I went in for a late dinner and was offered the lunch special price if I wanted less food. That was actually impressive to see that they would offer lower pricing way after the lunch hours. So that's a plus.Things to try: Calamari appetizer: Just enough spice to make you drink the recommended daily amount of water. Tossed with red peppers and spices that will make you wish you didn't have to share with the table. Spicy Shrimp Chow Mein: Jalapenos make this dish S-P-I-C-Y...a good thing! The noodles may be a bit overdone with a tad too much sauce, but overall it's a good dish. Thai Coconut Soup: This is delicious. Brimming with veggies, and several floating pieces of chicken and shrimp. Must try.The place can get a bit noisy on some days but it's affordably priced and a nice break from having to cook at home. One and a half thumbs up.
4	My brother & I have been coming here for years and Flo's is consistently good.  Whenever I'm in town we'll usually meet for a quick  and reasonably priced lunch at Flo's.  The food is always fresh, tasty and prepared with quality ingredients.  I'm especially fond of their Thai-inspired curry dishes, but I haven't been disappointed by any of their meals. The lunch special comes with a small salad and even though I'm not a big fan of iceberg lettuce, Flo's yummy salad dressing more than makes up for it. This place is run like a well-oiled machine with prompt, capable and friendly service.  If you're on a time schedule for your lunch break you can depend on Flo's to get you fed with efficiency. All of this and only $8? Oh yeah, that's why Flo's is our go-to lunch break in North Scottsdale.
1	Family night out with my wife, our two kids, and her parents and we thought we'd have a great night at Flo's. Unfortunately service was horrible and the food was ice cold when we received it. It took exceptionally long to receive our food and when we did we were so hungry we started eating. The waiter didn't return for a long while and when he did he took three of our dishes. They were not brought back for over 15 minutes, and even at that point only two were brought back. They brought a third one shortly after, but it wasn't what we had ordered, so this just added to the frustration. When the manager stopped by (I think she was actually the owner) she said they take the food right from the kitchen to the table and was somewhat argumentative which shocked me. She offered no resolution at all. I'm not the type to complain, and this is my first review of any type using yelp or any other online tool, but felt so compelled to do so after her attitude. I've been to Flo's many times and unfortunately this will be my last.
4	Damn good Chinese food! Nothing much else to say
4	Fantastic Happy Hour.. 3-7pm, 1/2 off ALL booze and ALL Apps.. For about 40 bones, you can come here with a partner, and you can do some pretty good damage through their menu.. Highlights are the Calamari, and the Dumplings.. It feels a touch drab and sparce inside, and it lacks an energy, but the food is really good..
1	not  very pleased 2nd time around won't return.
5	Great place to eat.    The food is excellent and the service great.   Have eaten here several time and have never been disappointed.     You cannot get better Asian food at this location as well as Flo's other locations.    Don't miss you will enjoy the treat.
4	I came here the other day with my mom at about 2:50. The waiter was nice enough to give us both the lunch special prices and happy hour! What a nice guy! Anyway, I have been coming here for many years and it is always good. The lunch specials are a great deal and they come with a salad with yummy gingery dressing and these wonton chips which are addictive! For the meal, I especially like their crispy noodles and their potstickers. The potstickers are really crunchy and come with both a hot chili oil and a regular potsticker sauce. They're really good, and the price can't be beat at happy hour ($2.50). They also have good lettuce wraps, kind of citrus flavored and spicy, and teppanyaki beef (a rich sweet sauce over thicker spaghetti like noodles). Although it is Americanized chinese, it is still a place I will continue to return to.
4	You cant beat the price of their food. Good portions and hot/sour soup is always nice on a cold and gloomy day...My favorite is the Spicy Ginger Onion Beef...
4	Flo's is great (Thompson Peak & FLW location)! Take out is a little slow, they are always busy. Great food!
3	Stopped in for half price apps, the pot stickers and and skewered bbq chicken.  Was pleased with the value and would stop back in.  Little to no atmosphere.  Would have to try again to recommend.
3	I happend to find this place as I was itching for some sake and left very satisfied. Grub a dub- I find it sometimes hard to eat asian food , unless sushi or sashimi is involved, because I always feel so full after, but this place is different , slightly smaller portions , with fitting prices. The hot and sour soup intantly became greatness to me.Service- I guess i went at a weird time as I was the only one in the place , so every thing came out fast and hot.But you can tell the server was about to leave and kept rushing away to do her final things.:(The Get up- kinda standard look to the place , blacks and red stark asain decor . nothing new or stand out. but not cheesy either.All in all, ill go again but probably wont suggest it when headed out with friends.
5	Excellent food every time.
4	So the story...this place was started by Paul Fleming...who started PF Changs, after he sold Changs off to the restaurant group.  It's been a long time since I lived in Phoenix, but that was the urban legend back then.  The food is solid, as is the line at lunch.
4	The food was awsome, you gotta try the soup!  I only wish there were more items on the menu.  It would also be nice to have a location closer to me.  PV Mall area.....
5	Best Chinese food in the Valley. As others have said, salad dressing is addictive as IS available to take home in containers. Shrimp dishes are outstanding with large, plump high quality pieces of shrimp. I have never had even an average dish here. Go and enjoy!
2	I've been to Flo's multiple times and not had a super positive experience.I ordered the "spicy thai coconut milk soup" assuming it was tom ka and the soup that came out was more like orange-colored hot water. No taste, no spice either. It looked akin to the plastic heatable containers of tomato soup you can buy at a grocery store. I've also ordered with brown rice before and was served white rice, which was easy to fix but in retrospect, another negative mark. I came here with my parents once and ordered hot green tea which came as a small cup (and only a small cup) and that showed up on the bill as like $2. Then the potstickers are like $5 for 4 of them and they're probably just potstickers purchased from the nearby Trader Joe's market. To be honest, the only reason why I even come here now is because someone else is paying.
2	Not impressed with this restaurant at all. Their menu is small, their iced tea was disgusting, and their chicken fried rice was horribly bland. I didn't even order anything because nothing appealed to me on their menu. My husband did enjoy his meal, chicken lo mein, I think it was, so that's why I didn't give it only 1 star. For the amount we paid, we could've gone to a hole in the wall take out Chinese place and gotten 3 times the amount of food with a lot more flavor, and a lot more of a selection. The atmosphere is very nice.
5	My wife and I as well as several of our friends drive from Ahwatukee on a regular basis to dine at Flo's on Thompson Peak and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. 25 miles isn't too far for this food. We've been eating here since the 90's and have always been pleased. I discovered it when I worked in the area and used to stand in line for lunch, it was so busy. Our favorites: Lemon Pepper Chicken with extra lemon wedges and the Kung Pow although I can't think of anything I wouldn't order.
5	Very good food.  Nice menu with many choices.  I have enjoyed every item I have tried.
4	'Delish food at reasonable prices'-pretty generous with their portions.- reasonably nice ambiance- Tom Yum soup was good... a lil on the saltier side...but lots for the price-basil chicken was great-kimchi was fantastic and again lots of it 4 the priceAssociating the word 'Confusion' with a restaurant is somewhat rare for me...but my experience definitely deserves it..The place was a lil hard to find in the the big strip mall- confusion 1We were still waiting on the entree when the waitress comes and packs the leftover appetizers- confusion 2We get the check before the entree comes...lol  - confusion 3
1	DISGUSTING...Dnt waist your time or money.
3	This place is hit or miss. Luckily, the last time I went was a hit with the yellow curry with chicken. I have been coming here for about 4 or 5 years. When momma is in the house, the food is generally better. (Flo) Come in for Saturday lunch special for $5. Yes, I said $5. All the special entrees come with salad. Reg. $7.50-8.50 during the week. I also like the pad thai and spicy chicken chow mein. It has these tiny but potent jalapenos. Man, it has the burn, but really probably my second favorite dish. If you do not like spicy, stay away from that one!
1	Overrated and pricey, with a combination of bland foodAnd complete lack of service. Avoid this place, unless thatIs what you are looking for.
4	Flo's is awesome! I love all the unconventional Asian dishes available here. They offer mainstream Chinese as well as some other delights from off the beaten path. The curries are all very good. And they make the best brown rice in town. A very solid restaurant. Great choice for a quick lunch under $20.
4	I've only eaten here once, but what i had was very good. I loved the Malaysian Cashew Beef. The coconut milk sauce was delicious, and it actually had a fair number of cashews in it, unlike a lot of places in which you have to hunt down the one or two obligatory slivers of cashew. Also, the beef was super tender. Service was good enough. I didn't receive my drink until after i was already done with my salad, and the gal wasn't to attentive on my getting a refill, but nothing really bitch-worthy. I was too busy licking the sauce off my plate to notice. One item i was disappointed in was the won-ton chips. For whatever reason, they didn't come with the sweet & sour sauce that's been typical when I've visited one of their other locations. Maybe they were out? It didn't look like any other tables had it either. Weird.All in all a great place to catch a quick lunch. I don't have the time / $$ to hit a sit-down joint for lunch every day, but i'll def be back. One thing to note, as i'm sure others have as well; each Flo's has a different menu - just fair warning. (which i think is kinda cool, actually.)
4	Nice happy hour! I love the fried chicken wings with minced garlic and jalapeno peppers. Green Chicken Curry is also very yummy!
2	I have enjoyed eating at this Flo location for many years.  Recently however,  the service has been slow, the food delivered cold, and the last 2 visits gave me an all night upset stomach.  Tonight was my last visit there.  I will not be returning.OK so after complaining via their web site to the owner, not thinking I would get a response, I heard back from Flo's manager and "voiced" my concerns.  We finally did return and were somewhat surprised that the food was cooked "better" and reasonably warm.
1	i hate to do drop this down to 1 star, but i just have to. I took my parents and grandparents here for a special dinner, and everyone loved the food... until we saw a roach climbing the wall behind us while waiting for our bill. It completely overshadowed what would have been a great evening. We ended up waiting for our bill at the front of the restaurant, and i discreetly let the server know what the issue was was. They were super apologetic, but that only goes so far. Honestly, I won't be back. Luckily, there's another location near by that i've also been to that has just as good food. (note: menu's are not the same between locations. Which i find odd, but interesting.)
4	I could take their green curry sauce and eat it with just the brown rice and be a very happy camper. I might even be able to just eat it with a spoon and be perfectly content. Have gotten it twice and can't imagine getting anything else there. I also really enjoy the tea they serve...its green tea with brown rice infused, or something like that. So its a little nutty tasting, and very good! I tried the lemon pepper chicken once and didn't like it; it was very dry. Don't know if there was supposed to be sauce or something, but either way it was very tasteless. The dan dan noodles are good, too.
5	Flos is my absolute fav spot for lunch in Scottsdale! You can't beat the prices, the service is fast and the food is always fantastic. They have done an amazing job for so many years. You can't go wrong for lunch!
3	I have heard great things about Flo's restaurants, so imagine the excitement I felt when I saw Flo's Asian Kitchen across the shopping center at dinner time!  We decided to check it out and, to sum it all up, the service was fantastic, but the food was a bit of a let down.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but I didn't find any of the dishes to be anything more than average.  The sauce with the crispy & spicy chicken was salty and lacked any real heat.  The chicken itself was prepared fine, but it was not unlike any other chicken breast that has been pounded, breaded in panko and fried.  The green curry was good, but I there was not enough coconut milk in the recipe and the dish was very heavy on the onion.  I also wished there was more of the green curry sauce....lots more.The service is what redeemed this visit.  We were greeted and then seated immediately after we entered the establishment.  Waters were brought to us with out having to ask, including a small cup with a lid for our daughter.  Our server was completely on the ball with taking orders, refilling drinks and checking back with us to make sure we were taken care of.  The service she provided was good enough that I might be willing to give Flo's Asian Kitchen another go....maybe.
4	FINALLY - a sit-down place @ Promenade that knows how to handle a lunch-time business crowd.  We were in awe watching everyone move and dance and flutter around the dining room like a well-rehearsed balet.  It was amazing!  Within 40 seconds of sitting down, we had salad, wontons and water in front of us.  All in all, we were in and out of there in about 35 minutes.  Flo - PLEASE go to your neighbors at Pasta Primo and show them how it's done!As far as the food is concerned, perfect lunch sized portions.  I had the pepper bacon shrimp (or something to that effect) and it was very tasty.  My co-worker thought it was spicy peppers, but it was coarsely ground black peppercorns.  A unique flavor and very well put together.  My co-worker had the garlic chicken and she was happy with the dish.  All in all, a positive lunch experience @ Promenade.  They know how to do lunch there at Flo's!
4	I don't know how to describe it, but the food tastes clean here, and I think its a good thing.  We ordered take out, I had the Chicken Lo Mein, the wife had the Seared Ahi Salad, and we shared an order of the fried shrimp and bacon.  Everything tasted great, and it didn't leave me with the greasy regret feeling afterwards. At about $40 with tip, it beats cooking.
3	Ever since I've been in Phx, I've been looking for good chinese food...Flos is ok, but that's about it. There wasn't anything about the food that wowed me or makes me want to drive up to North Scottsdale again. I will say that the wonton chips are yummy, but that's not enough to keep me going back.
3	Flo's is good for service and their prices! They have a great happy hour and $5 lunch on Saturdays! They have an expansive menu with a fantastic variety of Asian food choices, but the quality of the food is CONSISTENTLY INCONSISTENT! Two times the food has been great and 3 times so, so! Last time had Shrimp Pad Thai and the noodles were so mushy! Had Dan Dan noodles another time and they were great! Have had the green curry chicken twice and once it was good and the other time not. I am not sure if they have better cooks at one time than another.Good prices and service means I'll give it another try but I sure wish they would get it together for good food EVERY visit!
4	We have yet to be disappointed  in Flo's after at least 30 visits to this restaurant. My favorite starter is the calamari with peppers. The batter is so light on this dish and the spices have just the right amount of zip. I have never tasted calamari done better than Flo's. The service is always prompt and friendly. The dining room almost always seems to be full and everyone around us looks very happy. Flo's has to be doing something right to be so busy. Some of our other favorite dishes are the coconut chicken soup, a delicious classic Thai dish or the spring rolls. Any of the stir fry dishes are exceptional and I can honestly say we have never had an entree or appy we haven't thoroughly enjoyed. Flo's is one of the most consistent if not THE most consistent restaurant in the Valley. I do miss the yummy almond cookies they used to serve with your check but the fortune cookies are still a fun way to finish up a great meal and what a value. Two can dine for $20.00 easily and go home with leftovers. Compared to P.F. Chang's ( I am not a Chang's fan) Flo's is a winner.
2	Food is OK - sometimes good - used to be great.  The service is terrible and a 25 minute wait for lunch on Saturday at 1:00?  Seriously?  It seems the restaurant relies on takeout - hostess ignored folks waiting to get on the wait list (irony intended) to serve carryout customers - could the tips have an influence?We were finally seated - had Shrimp Pad Thai and Red Chicken Curry - the curry was very good, but shrimp was overcooked and the dish tasted substantially different from last visit.  The restaurant is incredibly loud, to the point of distracting.  We used to go here often, but will be eating at other places from now on when Saturday shopping.
5	My girlfriend and I eat here about once a week!! Love this place! We always sit at the bar, because Katie always treats us well, and she really knows what to suggest, when we want to try something new! She always welcomes us with a big smile...and has taken time to get to know us, as regulars!  Best service EVER!! Food is always good...but Katie is the real reason we go back again and again!!
3	This isn't bad Chinese, but it's not great. I got the sesame Thai peanut chicken. The only thing "peanut" about it was the fact that there were chopped peanuts in it. What about the Thai peanut sauce? Aw, bummer. At least the veggies were good and the chicken wasn't bad! The service here is really good, and the staff are extremely friendly.
4	My daughter and I stopped in for lunch. For me, it was my first time for lunch. Have been there many times for dinner.The server was polite but the lunch was fantastic. We were brought wonton chips and a salad. I had the Shrimp pan fried noodles which is the BEST in the valley and my daughter had the Szechwan Orange Chicken with white rice. Our meal came out  really fast. My daughter has only an hour for lunch and the service was amazing.The portions were not as large as dinner, but we could have made a dinner meal from the amount of food that was brought out. Everything was tasty and filling. My daughter brought half her meal home.By far, this is one of our favorite Asian restaurants.
3	We've come here several times for lunch, as it's close to work. It's mediocre. I'm a vegetarian and they don't have a ton of options -- they have the usual stir fry veggies, veggie lo mein, veggie fried rice. I opt for the crispy tofu and veggies with brown rice. I'd suggest to STAY AWAY FROM THE TEA. Their iced tea is gross, and probably a Nestee product. They don't brew it, and if they do, I don't know what kind of crap they use. My only gripe with Flo's. Overall, it's an average experience with Chinese food -- for an average lunch price ($8-11)
3	Good flavors, fast service.  Love their green curry.  Great happy hour where appetizers are 1/2 off the reg price.  The downside is that most of the appetizers are deep fried.  I like lunch better than dinner as they offer a nice salad with the meal.
2	Uninspired. From the food to the staff, just another mediocre Chinese restaurant in the valley. I expected something better.
2	Very blah. No flavors stood out at all. Actually if you ask me the biggest flavor was salt. I kept asking for more refills of water to wash my salt down. They would fill the water up with 90 percent ice, refill again please. The kid serving me, I doubt he could even spell Chinese or for that matter find China on a map. Poor food, poor service. Its almost like they copied Pei Wei and did an extremely poor job of copying a mediocre restaurant.Look for this one to close down in 12 months.
2	It's fast and it's just OK Chinese food.  You can do better.  I think PF Changs blows this away - but in a pinch it will work.  Experience it once and see for yourself.
4	its hidden away in a shopping area but once you enter the decor is very nice (totally did not expect it). we were seated immediately during happy hour and there werent too many people there. our waitress greeted us with a smile, informed us of the specials and took our drink orders. she returned promptly and took our food order (even the steamed carrots we specially ordered for the little one). the crab rangoons were small but very tasty. he ordered the yakisoba w/chicken and i went for the teppanyaki beef over flour noodes--both were very good and filling! the waitress came over and check on us a few times then brought us our check as soon as we asked for it. since we were using a Groupon we weren't able to take advantage of the happy hour specials (1/2 off apps & drinks)--we'll def be back to try those!
1	That's not Chinese Food!  This is so watered down to match the vanilla patrons in Scottsdale.  I find it offensive to be frank.
5	$5 sat lunch deal on sat, and happy hours are the best deals in town
4	I am happy to update my review based on the very positive response by the owner Dustin regarding my visit.  He seemed truly concerned that we had experienced poor service, and insisted on making it right. The food was good overall, despite one issue.My experience was that we came in for a late dinner, and it felt as if the staff was put out that we were there. When one dish came out wrong, the kitchen tried to say it was the right dish and the server didn't do anything to compensate for the issue. Toward the end of the evening, the server was not around and a busboy loudly stacked dishes behind us and then kept asking to clear dishes before we were done. While nothing in  that experience would entice me back to Flo's, previous good dining experiences and Dustin's apology and commitment to making things right definitely makes my experience that night seem different from how he and his wife Flo want the restaurant run.
5	Been here Numerous times we enjoy the food and service has always been great, I am a big fan of thier Chicken Katsu and their fried rice is one of the best in the Valley...Keep up the good work!
3	Thai soup was good (although the chicken was weird and the shrimp looked a little funny).  Dan Dan noodles and mu shu chicken were just OK.  Usually Flo's is better.
4	Super delicious Chinese takeout. The eggplant melted in my mouth and the Thai cucumber salad was so fresh and flavorful. Please open an NELA outpost stat!
2	Not the most memorable experience. Service was not good at all and I noticed the female waitresses were mostly in tank tops. Not an issue at Hooters or Tilted Kilt, but not something we enjoyed in this place.  Our waitress was fairly absent, and when the bus staff refilled our water it felt as though we were scum of the earth for making them refill the glass.Food was OK. Our appetizers were awful, the pork buns were extremely dry on the inside and my wife thought the crab puffs were salty.  The entrees, however made up for it. I got the Yu Xiang stir fry and it was quite delicious, and my wife's sweet and sour chicken was also good.  The prices were manageable, but some of the appetizers seemed expensive for the size.All in all, not the best experience. We will probably try again, but we couldn't help but feel we would have been way better off just going up to PF Changs.
5	Flo's is a role model for other restaurants and this one is sure no exception. The service and the food  are consistently excellent. You can tell that the staff has been extensively trained in customer service so you leave as a happy customer. My favourite item on the menu is the shrimp pad thai.   I also like the fact that they have lunch and dinner portions.Some other reviews mention that this location will close within twelve months.  I strongly doubt it!
3	We stopped in for a quick bite on Saturday after shopping-this place is conveniently located at the Pavillions Shopping Center on Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. I hate to compare Scottsdale Chinese food to my native San Francisco, but I just can't help myself. The pork potstickers were only okay-pretty greasy when they came out from the kitchen. The combination fried rice was overcooked and didn't taste freshly made at all. The single dish we ordered-Chicken with green beans was freshly made but the disappointing other dishes but a damper on the over all meal. Still looking for good Chinese in Scottsdale!
3	Uneven experience at Flo's tonight for our party of five (including two children). Potstickers and veggie spring rolls were terrific and the kids' meals came out promptly. On the downside, the egg flower soup with shrimp lacked flavor. A dash of low sodium soy sauce could not revive the concoction. The main courses, chicken pad Thai and spicy ginger beef were excellent. However, there was a bizarre service issue where the servers could not be bothered to clear the plates as the main courses arrived. Picture dishes from two appetizers, one soup for four ... And trying to fit on another two major entrees without clearing all those empties. I never experienced this type of plate-clearing confusion. Comically, they sent ONE solitary server to clear all of these plates. To sum it up, great food, poor soup, bizarre service.
5	Great fresh food and reasonable prices.  Love their soup!   So good and fresh.  Very clean and neat.
2	Not terrible, but many other better choices in the Valley for American Chinese food.  The soups did not have enough substance (i.e., mostly broth) and three of our four mains tasted the same.  The only standout was the twice cooked pork, which I asked to be extra spicy (and it was).
3	Flo's is pretty good. They have an incredible Saturday lunch special... 5 Bucks! Can't beat that! It gets very crowded on Saturdays, so it's best to go early or late for that lunch special. I guess it's just a strange pet peeve of mine, but it's really loud in this place. Every other sentence, and I am leaning over and yelling WWWWWHAT? to my wife! It annoys me to go there, despite the food being pretty good. I like their lettuce wraps, and the curry chicken dishes are good as well. They serve a great little salad with entrees too, with a delicious house dressing.
4	I use to work here....My favorite dishes on the menu are: hot and sour soup, yakisoba noddles, orange chicken, red curry and Mongolian style beef.  Happy hours are good for appetizers I recommended the wings and calamari ask for a side of salad dressing to dip with-----amazing!Saturday lunches are 5 dollars for any dish includes a salad. Be aware service and time can take a little longer since the kitchen is backed up with in house and to go orders. This place has good food and fast service.
5	Flo's always has great food and will accomodate allergies if made aware.  I love the lettuce wraps and Chicken rice soup.  I add skinny rice noodles to the soup and make it a meal.
5	Great Asian place, eclectic menu of Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai and Japanese. Fair pricing. Excellent service. Love the beef and onion dish.  Could be the best Asian place in town IMHO for the overall package..
4	Ate lunch there today . Food is always good. Great hot n sour soup
5	Awesome food, excellent quality, great service. Every time we've gone here, it's all been great - every time. The ONLY misgiving I have is that they , well, only give you enough for 1 meal without leftovers. I guess there's been built an expectation when you eat out at Chinese you pretty much get 2 meals. Price is slightly high, but we don't mind paying for quality. Oh and ignore the dorks here slamming them for not having wi-fi. Get a life and do your internet at home or starbucks or Barnes and Noble with the other social butterflies. I hope they don't get wifi so the bar isn't filled up this 'those types' sitting with their laptops open on the bar - jeez. (or geeking out w/their phones)
5	Had a really great meal here tonight and a fabulous server that let me customize it.  I ordered the veggie stir fry and asked that no sugar be added to the sauce.  In addition, in lieu of rice, they steamed cabbage for me  My family thinks I am high maintenance but I really appreciate the restaurant working with me!  Several members of our party had sweet and sour chicken and that was delish as well!
2	What happened Flo's? I have been coming to Flo's for many years, even had my sister in law's baby shower there (which was great and affordable!). I was in the shopping center today and decided to pick up some of their delicious wonton soup for dinner, as I have a bit of a cold, and I always liked their pork wontons, the delicious julienned ginger and carrots, the spinach, the shaved garlic....perfection for wonton soup. I got home and opened the soup....what is this?!?!?! It was like the generic wonton soup you get at any take out place or from the frozen aisle. It had thick cut carrots and 3 peas, but no other veg, no scallions, no ginger, no garlic. The wontons were like shrimp balls....I don't like shrimp and was expecting pork. This soup was not even a shadow of what I have had here before and was not good. I am so disappointed. I don't know if this is due to it being take out (which would be ridiculous) or if they ran out of their normal soup (slightly better) or they changed their soup completely to this bland garbage (worst case scenario). I was thoroughly disappointed and won't come back soon.
5	We've liked everything we've tried here - the hot and sour soup is the best we've found anywhere.  We always wind up getting an order to take home.  Service has always been prompt, cocktail list and beer selection is good as well.  My wife and I are both partial to the seafood guoba as our favorite dish on the menu.  It's close and convenient, and a guaranteed good meal every visit.
4	I love Flo's... they have lunch specials during the week only that include brown or white rice and a salad.  Love the miso dressing... its delicious!  I usually get the kung pao chicken... friend likes the double cooked pork or something like that.  Happy is great... 1/2 price appetizers and drinks!  With the happy hour apps they are full size... not smaller due to 1/2 price.  Wings are good, potstickers are yummy too.  You can order lunch size portion anytime but I don't think you get the salad with it if its not during lunch.  I think I like the other location on Frank Lloyd Wright better... it seems they do things differently there... i.e. I think you can get fried rice with lunch special there where I found that at this location...  if you want fried rice... you just have to get an order of it.
5	Great service and food.
3	I have been here twice, have to admit the happy hour time was better and the Saturday lunchtime rush wasn't as good.  Perhaps it had to do with the fact that I was missing those delightful fruity drinks that pack such a wallop?  Sea Breeze?  I can't read my handwriting.  :(  THAT'S the sign of a good drink, ha ha, if you can't read your handwriting after two.  Drapps were great, full sized appetizers.  I liked the pot stickers, lettuce wraps, meat on sticks (there should be more meat on sticks in the world).  Sunday evening was great, Saturday lunchtime not really because it was so crowded and I suppose it is just me but I felt rushed though I didn't "have" to be rushed and no, the wait staff did nothing to rush me, it was just the overall atmosphere of Saturday lunchtime.  Yes, I'll return.  For one thing I'm thinking about those pot stickers and now I have a taste for them.  Wonder how they are on Wed. eve?  ;-)
5	The Princess and I have been huge fans of Flo's for years, since the original Flo's next to Osco on TPPW before they moved across the street.  This location is our local favorite and try to get over from the NW Valley at least once a month. The Saturday $5 lunch special is truly the best lunch value in the value. I really admire her business acumen for recognizing the need to pack her place during the economic downturn, provide excellent jobs, and still make good money on volume rather than GM%, but I digress.  If the food wasn't good, it still wouldn't be worth $5 and it is.  We love the food and especially the generous discounts during happy hour.  My favorite on the menu is the house chow mein with shrimp, chicken, and beef-extra spice. It is one of my all-time favorite things to eat.  The Princess always gets the spicy ginger beef, kind of a play on mongolian beef, it's excellent as well.  Make sure you get the salad with their amazing, one of a kind ginger dressing, you'll want to take some home (and yes they will sell you a container of it).  Hat's off to Flo's! Fantastic food and excellent service!  Well done!
2	I've been to Flo's numerous times over the years, but there seems to be a downward trend.  It looks like I'll be finding a new Asian Fusion spot...The Man and I had a couple hours to kill and hungry bellies to feed, so we popped into Flo's for their (seemingly) amazing happy hour.  I ordered a froo-froo drink, which I'm pretty sure was half-price because it contained half the alcohol it normally does.  Tasty, but strong? Um, no.  We moved on to a bunch of appetizers: crab puffs, chicken satay, spring rolls, BBQ pork, and pot stickers.  The BBQ pork was yummy, but that is where our satisfaction ended.  All of the other items seemed no better than from-the-freezer snacks I can get at the grocery store.  Are they making any of these on site?  Maybe, but it sure didn't taste like it.  The crab puffs were the most disappointing.  So little crab, so much cream cheese.  They should definitely take a look at that ratio and either rename the dish or up the crab quantity.  Just a thought...Now I'm off on a journey for a new go-to Asian spot!
5	Fastest lunch ever.  Great vegan options.  Friendly service.  I wish my wife liked Chines because it would definitely be a dinner option.  For now, it's my quickie lunches at the bar.  Fried rice and crispy tofu!
4	First timer. The service was good. We enjoyed the Asian pork and pot stickers. Very reasonably priced. Will have to go back to try more items. It was different than the normal Asian tastes, I liked it.
3	So let's start with the the good stuff.  We went in for lunch on a Tuesday, we got greeted and sat down right away.  We decided what we wanted and ordered.  When the food got there it was pretty good.  I would go back for the food.  Now to what was not good.  Our service was not good. The guy who brought out our food was rather rude.  Our rice order was wrong, it wasn't a huge deal.  We ordered brown rice and got white rice.  I let the waitress know and she asked the guy who brought our food to get the brown rice.  Once again, he was really not friendly.  He gave us the impression he was pissed to have to be helping us at all. Our waitress was ok.  Just ok.  So since this was our first visit I will go back because I liked the food.  If the service isn't better there will not be a third time.
5	This my favorite Asian food place in North Phoenix!  I haven't had anything that wasn't delicious and fresh.  Even the Take-Out rocked!
4	Maybe not the most romantic restaurant for dinner, but offers an amazing lunch and has great drink offers from the quaint, little bar.  Very good Phad Thai and Spicy Basil Chicken...  Have a Flo's Bloody Mary while you are there.  Great food!
1	A good friend recommended Flo's for the food. I'm sorry to say that we didn't get a chance to eat the food because the service was so abysmal! Maybe it was because we came towards the end of the lunch rush (1:00 pm). We were seated promptly and they asked about drinks and brought our drinks quickly. After 20 minutes no one had been around to take our order.  Even after attempting to make eye contact and flagging down our waiter, another 10  minutes came and went. We finally gave up, paid for our drinks and left. Not good.
5	love this place and they do a great job with take out orders (better than the other location, in my opinion) and we go there at least 1-2 times a week.  pricing is great, food is so fresh and so tasty.  I always go for the soups, so much food I always have enough for leftovers :) love love love!
2	So I have decided to make a yelp account after my most recent unfortunate experience at flos. My family loves the food so it Is a popular choice when deciding on dinner! So we decided to go just the other night everything was great until the middle aged busser starts dropping f-bombs loud enough for the whole restaurant to hear... followed by him rambling on in Spanish.... Definitely not a child friendly place anymore... Yikes!!
2	Have to say the quality is going down hill as is the service.  We typically go here once a week and the last two times have been less than desirable. The service was slow and the food was warm at best.   I hope they turn it around because we used to really love going there.
1	Service was slow and fairly apathetic, I'd expect a little better on a Sunday afternoon.I'd heard plenty about Flo's, mostly good, so I was excited to try it. The salad that came before lunch was cafeteria-grade iceberg. Dressing was tasty, though. My entree was shrimp with bacon, cabbage, and tomato. It tasted okay, nothing special though.The reason I'm giving them one star, though, is because something in this meal (I'm assuming shrimp) made me sick, and I'm still paying for it two days later. Far from impressed, and I won't be coming back.
2	BEWARE Vegetarians and Vegans!!  I visited Flo's for the first time today and had a bad first impression.  They have some dishes listed as vegetarian (I'm vegan), and according to the waiter.....they are NOT.  He told me the brown sauce is made with a chicken stock.....ummmmm not even close to being vegetarian, let alone vegan.  He said they could make it vegan so I trusted (scary!) that they would. So buyer beware......ask many questions and don't trust the menu labeling!
1	I've been obsessed with Flo's for years and have never had any issues until recently. I so want to leave more stars but I've been dissatisfied the last 4 or 5 times. - there has been a mistake in my take out orders 3 out of 5 times. The hostesses sound 15 yrs old and rush the call resulting in errors with my food that I can't send back bc I'm already home- the portion size has dramatically downsized. I asked the waitress last time I ate there and she said "yes, there have been a few changes" Now, instead of getting a basket of won ton chips on the table, their new technique is to put a pile of them on one side of the entree plate so they take up space so people hopefully won't notice the skimpy portion size. I'm an average person and don't overheat, but for these prices, the amount is very skimpy- lastly, flo has raised her prices to the point of being absurd. Maybe her locations cause her to think all her customers are rich, but I seriously can't afford to get take out anymore. Tonight I ordered 3 basic dishes for my daughter and I and it was $40 before tip.  The average dish is $12-14 which is ridiculous. Most other restaurants are $8-11. I noticed tonight the lack of flavor in the lo mein and the small number of cashews in my cashew chicken. The sad thing is, good chinese is so hard to find in Phoenix, but that doesn't give Flo's the right to take advantage of that fact.  2 years I wouldn't have complained but now I'm in search of a new obsession
1	The first time we came here we had a great experience. The last 3 times, very disappointing.  Take out order was wrong and 2 times, service painfully slow. We sat Dow and I told server 'we're starving. I'll start with the salad rolls please.' 15 minutes later, asked where they were, and she said 'oh I thought you wanted it all together.' A table that came in about 10 minutes after us was served before us.  So by the time I go to eat my appetizer, my warm food was cold.
3	They have excellent food, but the portions are average to small and the pricing is expensive for this type of cuisine. I'm not sure I would go again compared to other options I have for chinese food. The staff was average as well. I'd like to see better staff and bigger portions in the future if I were to go again.
3	If you're hungry for Asian, by all means go. It's a nice restaurant with a very pleasant staff. The food is good and tasted fresh. The Coconut Curry Soup is good, the pad thai was not among the best I've had but it was satisfying... The Tom Yun Gun was way too salty.
5	Great service and great service and great food! Crab puffs and Malaysian Beef are MUST HAVES!!
5	Once again had great service, this time sat at the bar, and Danielle was great, informative on the menu and specials! and gave us great service, this trip we had 2 orders of crab puffs, 2 orders of spring rolls, and Mongolian beef with brown rice, as well as the thai shrimp skewers .  Everything came put hot and fresh, looking forward to my visit to phoenix!
4	Good food good service only reason i didnt give 5 star was because its way too loud.  Def would come again
5	I have to admit at first I was pretty apprehensive but it turned out to be a pleasant experience food is pretty pricey but well worth it Large portions my overall experience was great I would recommend for some good Asian food
5	One of the restaurants in the valley that I stop by to frequently. Great prices, great service and always awesome food. Being that Flo's started in Arizona, I love it that much more! Crab Wantons & Southeast Asian Peanut Chicken
4	I like many types of Asian food and I noticed Flo's while grabbing a burger next door at The Habit a few weeks previous.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in and given a choice of a table or the bar.  Being just a few minutes after opening the place was empty.  I chose a high top in the bar area.  Was given a menu and my drink order was taken right away.  I must not eat out in bar areas often, that was the first time I had seen iced tea dispensed from a bar gun.  When my drink came my salad came with it and the waitress took my order. The food came out in a reasonable time.  My waitress checked on me several times. The food was good.I will definitely be back.  Other than the decor the place reminded me of the now shuttered Zang Asian Bistro in Glendale that I went to often.  Right down to the dressing on the salad.  Flo's also has many more items on the menu.  I also like that they have lunch pricing, and I assume portions, on most of their menu items.
5	My wife and I had lunch yesterday and the food was excellent. I know food tastes are all individual but we both thoroughly enjoyed our meals. When I was about 10 years old friends of my parents (both from China) had us over for  dinner. She had made Beef with Black Bean Sauce. It was excellent and for some reason that is my constant go to meal when in Chinese restaurants. I have to say that the Beef with Black Beans at Flo's is as good as what I had as a kid. I grew up in New York and went to China Town quite frequently so I feel that I have a benchmark to compare it to.My wife usually has the Shrimp Lo Mein and that is what she had yesterday as well. Her meal was excellent. I know there have been changes with the menu and with pricing as well. I know you no longer get the  bowl of chips and the hot dipping sauce for free but you can get a small portion of the chips and hot dipping sauce at no charge if you ask for it. I do feel that $1 is worth the price if you want a larger portion of the Chips. Our server was Danielle. There was no need to go over the menu as we both knew what we wanted. Danielle was very attentive and  and checked on us a number of times during the meal to make sure everything was tasting good.Even though  the prices have gone up somewhat, what business hasn't raised prices, but it is well worth it.Looking forward to our next trip to the valley and our next enjoyable meal at Flo'sGreat meal!!
5	If you are looking for "authentic" Asian food, look somewhere else, however Flo's provide tasty "fusion" type of cuisine served in a friendly, attentive environment.  My mother and I did have to ask for more spice to our food since it tended to be more of this slightly spicy/sweet combo taste.  My mother sent her order back after they offered to make her a more spicy dish, which they offered graciously.  My rating is based upon customer service, taste (which again is not authentic, but fusion), and the attentive/friendly staff.  Also the decor was tasteful.
5	Love it!  Great food, prices, and service!!  Would recommend for dinein or takeout.
5	Finally - a place to get decent real Asian food in Scottsdale!  So many Asian restaurants here are just bland and don't even attempt to balance the flavors.  There are many great items to choose from here.  The menu covers several different Asian cuisines.
5	Flo's is more of a Chinese/Thai hybrid than straight Chinese food.  But it was fantastic regardless of what I was looking for.  Loved the atmosphere and happy hour drinks!  In my party we had the Chicken Lo Mein, Katsu Chicken, and Teryaki Chicken.  All were outstanding.  The pot stickers and fried spring rolls were excellent as well. It was a little loud at times but that worked well for us as our party was equally loud.  Definitely recommended!
4	we started with 4 orders of chicken wings and 2 orders of calamari.  Both were crispy and well seasoned. We followed that with 3 orders if siu mai. I was underwhelmed but the other 11 in our party liked them.  After that they came with 2 orders of special fried rice 1 brown rice and 1 white rice, 2 orders of honey beef (SPECTACULAR), Chow fun ( a bit salty), beef chow mein (good), cinnamon chicken (a novelty order that reminded me of lebanese chicken), mushroom chicken, ginger spicy onion beef (super zippy and good), some breaded chicken thingy with a brown sauce on the side (think katsu and it was pretty standard), thai curry chicken and finally the hot chili oil sirloin beef (tasty and i liked the contrast with the water chestnuts).  Some of the food was surprisingly good and some of it was a bit standard.  But I would eat here again even with it being more expensive than my usual digs.  The tea was never refilled, the water took awhile but the food came quickly and hot. Also, they didnt freak out at my 1 yr old niece eating so sloppily.
2	The lunch portions are big and will give them that , but the service not so much! The only service we got from the waiter was taking our order and bring our check. I ordered orange chicken and a kids meal . Both good but nothing to wow about . I asked for a kids water with a straw and I never got it. The waiter asked me 20 minutes later if I still want that water. The food came at a reasonable amount of time , however they didn't bring the extra napkins that I asked for which is imperative when dining with children. It took another 10-15 minutes to get our check after the plates gone away . I put in $20 for a $15 bill and I was planning to tip 20%.  I waited another 10 minutes for my change to come back since the waiter was doing other things. He came back and asked if  wanted change and I said yes because there is no way I'm leaving a $5 tip for crappy service .  Then it took another 10-15 minutes to get my change. All i can say that will be my last time at Flo's.
1	Absolutely the worst Pho I have ever had. The soup tasted like roast beef soup. It was brouwn and the vegetables were old and wilted. They did not even serve the soup with a soup spoon. Don't ever order the pho.
