4	They probally have the best donuts in town.  The staff could be a little better, they have a hard time speaking english but besides that they usually give me extra donuts so I love it
5	Yummm!!! Who doesn't love donuts? There aren't many donut shops in the NW part of town so finding this place was like hitting the lottery- or not, considering now it's become a Sunday tradition of mine to get a dozen. You're welcome, waistline. Anyways, to me, there's no such thing as a bad donut, so even if this place sucked I'd still give it at least 3 stars. Truth is, it doesn't suck. It's fantastic. $7.99 for a dozen, and they have all the traditional favorites. Coffee is good too.Owners are really nice and polite and seem to be really customer oriented. It's just a feel good place. There's only two tables in the whole place, but there are some picnic tables outside.
5	Just as good as their other locations. Very good donuts that aren't too sweet. They also don't taste like they're full of preservatives or the "stock/mass produced" taste grocery store donuts have. They donuts are not greasy or oily and light and fluffy.
5	This is a very simple shop that does one thing perfectly. The donuts are fluffy, flavorful, and made exactly the way they should be. They aren't greasy or too sweet. There is no mass produced tinge of artificiality, no corporate market branding or mark-ups. Simple, flawless, wonderful donuts. Completely blows away anything Dunkin Donuts makes and a vast majority of the lazily run Krispy Kremes.Small variety of cold beverages and standard coffee available. Tight quarters with limited seating, so it's mostly for take out. $20 minimum on credit/debit, so use cash if you aren't bribing the office.Should be noted that they make each days batch in the morning and close up shop once it's all sold off. Going in the afternoon is a gamble depending on the business that day, as they could be anywhere from fully stocked, down to scraps, or locked up tight. Considering the quality, it's no surprise when they close early. I for one plan on going here way too often and turning my thin physique into luscious gobs of fat.
5	I'd walk my happy ass over here just to get a glazed donut...one because it's frikken awesome, and two because I live around the corner..... and it's a good way to burn those calories. This is the only place the fam and I get donuts from. Everything is made fresh daily and the price is reasonable. I got myself the apple filled donut this weekend, and it was perfect! Fluffy,  not too sweet, and not greasy at all. Seriously, Dee's..you are effin awesome.
3	Nothing too special here.  The donuts are kind of heavy and doughy; I prefer mine light and fluffy.
5	I will first say I am not a donut person. However, whenever I have family in town they always want Krispy Kreme because there isn't one where they live. I don't care for Krispy Kreme. So, on their most recent visit I did a little Yelp research to find somewhere else to get donuts. And, that is how I found this Dee's location!1st, I was super happy to find it was so close to where I live. I must have passed this place a million times, but never realized. There was plent of parking and the lot was easy to get into from either direction.We went around 8am on a Sunday morning which I felt could go either way in terms of selection and/or freshness. This place was tiny inside, but the display case was chock full of treats!We got a dozen for around $8, and they were worth every penny. Big. Fresh. Delicious. My favorite is blueberry cake.This is our new donut place!!
5	I LOVE Dee's Donuts! The doughnuts at Dee's are fresh and don't taste heavy. It's hard to explain, but to me, their doughnuts taste like doughnuts should taste. Not overly doughy. Come early as this place does get busy in the morning. The family working behind the counter is super nice too!
5	In my younger days, I worked at Dunkin' Donuts back in Hawaii.  I never had a problem not eating the merchandise (very much prefer salty over sweet) and was never really big on donuts.  Fast forward to now, THIS is my to go place for all my donut needs.  I ended up marrying someone with a strong sweet tooth and gave birth to one of the same.  When buying just for us, it's always the same, small apple fritters, blueberry cake, and buttermilk bars.  Every one I've tried, SOOOO GOOD! There is something very homey about these, not tasting factory made.  The quality of their donuts are amazing!  Not big on sweets, but always yummy when the craving hits.I do notice, on weekends, if you don't go early, they are wiped out.  I've gone when there was only glazed or just about an empty showcase.  They also have a small selection of un-glazed (WHY?!) donuts if you're into that sort of thing.
3	The girls that work there are nice, the mom is sweet, but the father seems a bit on the uptight and unapproachable side (and when your running a counter service business, that's a bad thing).  The donuts are run of the mill for a family owned donut shop, nothing unique.  If they would add a little variety or something uncommon that would make me want to go back more than once a month.
2	They really need to replace their pricing board and take down the items they no longer sell or make. The counter girl was a little quirky and pushy as well.The donuts were okay, not fantastic, but not 2 day old grocery store fare either. I'd rather had krispy kreme....or daylight donuts and a kolache. Oh well, Winchells it is!
5	We LOVE Dee's Donuts! So yummy and fresh, light and not too sweet. Not a trace of the stick-to-the-teeth fattiness of some doughnuts. The glazed are our faves though the all the varieties we have tried are better than the grocery stores or big chain doughnut stores. I have even bought them in the late afternoon for the next morning and they are still yummy.A busy, cute, tiny little store front in a strip mall with a very friendly family of people behind the counter. They usually throw a few holes in the box for free. :)So glad that Yelp steered us to this mecca of morning calories.For a good laugh check out comedian Brian Regan on YouTube for the Donut Lady...Dee's reminds me of this every time I drive by or go in! :)
3	The donuts here were pretty good.  In the NW there are few options for donuts - so I would say this is the best place for donuts out this way.The lady usually throws in a few extra donut holes with a dozen and once through in a few extra donuts!!! That is cool.  All the donuts were good and fresh - except the apple fritters.  Very little apple - it was mostly fritter.  Also, not a huge selection.  I didn't see any of those french crullers, no chocolate cake donuts either...I do enoy getting donuts in the old school pink box and I will return specifically for that!
4	I've been to this Dee's Donuts a few times and every time I've been there it has been very pleasant. The ladies there always throw in a few doughnut holes in when I purchase two or three individuals. Not a huge selection of donuts at this place,  but I will say it is 1000 times better than going to Dunkin' Donuts. If you are in the NW area and craving something sweet and fast go here! They will always hook you up!
4	Busy on Saturday morning!  Line out the door busy.  That really says something about the place, doncha think?It isn't a place, really, to sit down & enjoy a doughnut (or 2).  There are a couple of tables, but, really you go to get a pink box filled with frosted, fried dough to take out.The standard fare of glazed, chocolate, maple, cake, old fashioned, & crullers are there plus some others.  I haven't tried any of the "special" doughnuts yet, but I would guess they are good also.  The quality is good & consistent, service is fast, and prices are reasonable.This is a solid, NW local, doughnut hole-in-the-wall and I will continue to go here.
4	So there's a Dee's Donuts near my home which I've never gone to, though I've had bookmarked for a while, and I go to this location first way up north and across the other end from my place, yea go figure sometimes I just don't know what going on and I just do weird things.  Not really.  After a day in the snow we needed something sweet to energize up.  We picked out a dozen various sweets http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dees-donuts-4-las-vegas?select=8myz5hWKYCOUO9kVUeVd7g#69ra_NgR0cFCmzOD4dKeow and the lady there was so nice that she even threw in another donut. Prices were reasonable and donuts were all delicious.  My favorite was this donut http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dees-donuts-4-las-vegas?select=8myz5hWKYCOUO9kVUeVd7g#it4LvZAO9dfjMOftct6TGA I don't remember what flavor it was exactly but it was berry and it just looked too good to refuse.They also have coffee, coffee and donuts nothing better than that.
5	So soft!! I put them in the car for awhile... It's still super tasty! The glaze is not overly sweet just perfect.I especially love their prices!!
4	Really good donuts and friendly service.   You can tell that each donut is baked with a dash of love.
5	The best fresh donuts on this planet!! I've been buying donuts from Dee's for about 4 years. When I share a dozen with fellow co-workers they are amazed how good they are and always ask where did I get them! Dee's of course!!!
5	Way better than chains, especially the apple fritters.
4	I've been coming to this place for the last 3 years for their donuts. My work is right down the street, so it's very convenient. My branch has always had some type of breakfast treat on Thursday's, and this has always everyone's favorite. The donuts have always been good and fresh each time I've gone. They have a good variety of things to pick from and I would say the best are definitely the glazed cake donuts. They are so moist...and VERY sweet. But that's why people get donuts, right?  The owners have always been very nice and they always remember their customers. I hope this place continues to do well as I am always a big supporter of the smaller businesses and not the huge corporations. Keep on keepin' on!
4	I'm going to have to first mention right off the bat that I'm not a big donut person, but I do love my sweets.  I came here after my first donut place ever to visit other than Dunkin was Pinkbox Donuts to make a comparison with.  I do have to say that I'm a big apple fritter fan and after being urged countless times by somebody at my gym (what a good place to keep good/bad habits lol) to check out Dee's, I came in a mid-afternoon.  Not much to pick from I suppose, but my apple fritters was there waiting for me and it was pretty good and small enough for me.  The lady was nice and after me not being sure if I wanted to overindulge with a cinnamon roll as I was told it was really good too, she just tossed it in the bag for free.  I was trying to be good, but along with my nemesis at the gym, the lady had the heart to serve me another portion of trouble.  If they just served asian red bean donuts and people would actually want them here, I think I would be coming by more frequently.  I do have to say that the apple fritter was good for the price of 80 something cents and the cinnamon roll was actually really good.  I don't like cinnamon rolls since it's way too sweet, but the glaze on this was perfect..not too sweet.
4	So, somebody decided to surprise me and show up to my office with some doughnuts. Yep, it doesn't take much to make me happy - just visit me with food in hand is all it takes. He got us an apple fritter, doughnut holes, chocolate-glazed, chocolate-glazed buttermilk doughnut, chocolate-glazed chocolate cake, Bavarian cream-filled and a blueberry doughnut. If Dunkin' Donuts and Krispy Kreme had a babies, they would've been Dee's Nuts...errr...Dee's Donuts. What the heck am I talking about?You know how dense and heavy Dunkin' Donuts' doughnuts are and how light Krispy Kreme doughnuts are? Dee's Donuts' doughnuts are right in the middle. The cake doughnuts are moist (ugh! Such a gross word). The chocolate glaze they use taste richer. Yum!
4	Traditional, basic doughnuts at fair prices!They are very soft and tasty! Don't expect anything fancy...just good ole donuts for a great price.Not really sure how much more elaboration is needed lol.  You all have had these doughnuts before in your lifetime....just imagine a very fresh, soft and flavorful version of the classics!They usually hook it up too!  Tossin in the baker's dozen or some doughnut holes in the bag/box on the way out.Yum :)
1	I went there today after not going since my kids graduated from school 2 years ago , I was shocked to learned they expanded. I thought that was GRRRRRRRRRRRREAT, until I noticed, there was no line at the door anymore or at least two people waiting for them to open, there was a INCREASE In their cost for Donuts. Well I said to myself I will try it. So I noticed the 8.99 per dozen I was going to get two then I thought I better get one .. As I got the one it came up to 9.72 I said what are you CHARGING to use your Credit card machine, she said no its Tax. WELL funny since when you start that.. I got the dough nuts home and they had a TUN of sugar coating, Icing, and grease on them. THIS IS NOT THE Dee's doughnuts I NEW. Wonder if the owners are new. BUT they wont see my business there again. NO THANKS. I went down the street to XYZZZZZZZ Donuts and got 14 for 8.99 vs Dees 12 for 899 plus 6 holes for 9.72 cents.. Hummmm, do the math :)lol.. No thanks Dee's , very disappointed.
5	Best donuts in Vegas! My family loves donuts and we have tried a lot of different mom and pop shops (which we prefer). IMO Dee's is way better than the beloved Ronald's in Chinatown. We always get glazed donuts and custard filled chocolate donuts and a mix of others. Both of our staples blew other shops out of the water. So soft, pillowy, and heavenly.
5	Yum!  Best doughnuts I have had in Vegas.  Make sure you get them early when they are fresh and not the last of the pickings as they are super busy through the day.  Great family spot too!
3	They were pretty tasty, but I didn't expect them to cost so much. I noticed a semi-recent review that stated he was shocked that he paid over 9 dollars. I figured that wasn't too bad for a dozen donuts so I sent the hubby out to get them anyways. The hubby came back with a dozen donuts and said they cost 11.01. I think that's outrageous for what you get. They did throw in 4 extra donut holes, but I still don't think we'll go back.Also, I know this is nit-picking, but why the .01? It's so obnoxious to go without change and come back with 99 cents worth of change. Is that really necessary? (We almost always use credit card, but had seen on here that they charge extra if you use a credit card).
5	Best donut shop around town. The owners are the sweetest people, and the donuts are amazing. Always fresh, never greasy. Baked to perfection. The prices are extremely reasonable for the product you are getting. I HIGHLY recommend this donut shop to everyone.
5	"Dees" dang donuts are too good! Three of us ate the entire dozen by lunchtime. The donuts were fresh and the service was quick and efficient. We will go back! So yummy!!
4	Awesome fritters!!! Tried our local chain donut store right around the corner for fritters. Luckily for us they were out of fritters by 8:15am. Drove up to Dee's and were rewarded with wonderful, crispy, sweet apple fritters. They are small, but packed with flavor and all you need in a fritter. Forget the chain, this is our go to donut place.
5	This place was awesome! I just moved in the area and I wanted to give this place a shot.  I'm really glad I did.  I got a half dozen. I'm not sure which ones I got but a few were glazed with strawberry and blueberry and a few looked like cake donuts. They were excellent and baked to perfection.  I'm not sure if i enteracted with the owner but they made me feel extremely welcomed to their shop. The price was reasonable especially for the quality I felt. I also went close to their closing and their donuts were still very fresh.  I will definatly be back.
5	Heard about this place from a neighbor. Was looking for a place that has doughnuts like a small shop from a small town that I'm from. These are great. Much better than the large chain that's near by. These were big and fluffy and they didn't skimp on the frosting. Was a little disappointed the sprinkled ones were only covered on about 1/4 of the doughnut but not a big deal it was for the little kids and they still loved them. They threw in a few doughnut holes too. Great experience and great doughnuts.
5	Wife wanted to try these donuts so I got some for Mother's Day, they were a hit! Good donuts and polite owner, will be back!
5	I've been craving some real donuts, not the Krispy Kreme or Dunkin kind, but it's hard to find real good donuts. This place hit the spot. Walking in you could smell the delicious donuts and you could see how fresh they were! Brought home a dozen and the family loved them, even my husband, the Krispy Kreme lover. We will definitely be back!
5	Still the best donut shop in Centennial Hills! Everytime I come in, they are super friendly and well stocked! I hate going to places where only a smattering of donuts is available. I only wish they sold donuts with nuts but I'll live. I was going to try a new place this morning just for comparison sake but when I walked into it, nobody was behind the counter, and there was not much of a selection compared to Dee's so I hightailed it out of there and headed to Dee's! They did not disappoint! I don't think Dee's has anything to worry about.
5	Yummy fluffy goodness.  Quality of the donuts are great, location is clean and employees provide excellent service. Have stopped in more than a few times and will continue to do so when I crave a tasty treat. Love supporting local neighborhood businesses, such as this one, that provide 5 star service/product.
5	So glad we went! This is a small, family owned (and operated) shop. We went in this morning, around 9 on a Sunday. The case was fully stocked. The service was fast, and they even threw little "donut holes" in the empty spaces of our box. The quality was superb. They stock all of the classics, nothing too out of the box like some of the other local shops..which I actually prefer. Will come back for sure!
5	LOVE this place every time my wife and I visit Vegas we have to stop at Dee's! The lady will usually throw in a few extra donuts if you are nice! Best donuts I've had in Vegas period.
4	Love this place! Their freshly made doughnuts are awesome. Very friendly owners and staff.
5	Just moving to this side of town I was so excited to see Dees Donuts! I came from the south west where there was a location that had recently closed it doors, and I was really happy when it was the same place! The donuts are fresh, you can taste quality ingredients are being used.  Customer service is great and the place is incredibly clean! Will definitely go back for more :)
5	Love this place. We visit them every weekend and they are so friendly. The donuts are so fresh!
5	Dee's Donuts is Soooooo good!!! You know a good donut place by it's hours.  When someone comes in at the wee hours of the morning and starts cooking in order to open up shop at 6am and they close early--it's going to be good!And they sure are!!! Fresh, yummy, doughy and not at all dried out.And the lady that works there, I don't know if that's Dee herself or someone else, but she sure is a sweetheart!I'm soooo glad that it's here, since donuts would be a part of my last meal on earth!YUMMY!!!
5	Love this place for a quick dozen donuts in the morning. My favorite are the ham and cheese croissants.
3	Tried this place for the first time today.  I gave it 3 stars not because it's bad but I personally found it to be average.  Not sure what all the hype is about.  It is small store in a stripe mall area but it has a table or two should you want to sit down.  There seems to be a variety, but nothing is labeled so you have to ask to verify what flavor you are getting, which is a little annoying.  Would I get donuts from here again...probably but I wouldn't go out of my way for them.  I'll be satisfied going the same distance and picking up some Dunkin D. Tip take cash: If your total is below $8 you must pay cash.
5	The donuts here are amazing!! Best donut shop in all of Las Vegas. So soft and delicious!! They always throw in extra donut holes too with my order! Super friendly staff! I love this place. Highly recommend!!!! :)
5	Great customer service & donuts were delicious. The shop was really nice, clean & inviting.
5	As a kid I grew up w.frequent trips to a little doughnut shop around the way. They had classic flavors, fresh always, and served in a classic pink box. I've been searching for a classic pink box type shop and I've found the perfect place! Sweet customer service. Great variety. Unbeatable prices! From what I've heard, you must beat the crowd! As in, she bakes fresh in the morning, once they are out, they are out! This will def become a family favorite!
1	the cashier yan lee was a great young man, but i am utterly disgusted with this establish. i purchased a dozen and a half donuts, to take to work for some customers. to myself embarrassment, a customer found a live mealworm in her donut. after tossing the few remaining donuts, i was trying to comfort the customer & had a coworker call the store to speak to the manager/owner (not sure) rose. rose called back requesting all the donuts & showed no empathy. yes, i received a refund. working in customer service, i feel more could have been done. there was no attempt to even try to keep me as a customer. i won't be returning to that bakery, not even for a drink.
5	We usually go to dunkin but their donuts are gross and lack frosting. Dee'Dee's donuts are soft.. full of frosting. .. and wonderful tatae. I will not be going anywhere but here from now on.
5	The donuts are made on site every morning and always taste great! Employees are friendly and personable, prices are good, and all the other amenities are there if you want them, coffee, drinks, even chips, etc. Will keep supporting since they are a small business, definitely not a chain/corporation, and the quality/dedication shows.
5	I take my family (kids) here very regularly, and we love the selection, and the quality here.  Great fresh donuts and friendly service.  They've even got a really nice ham and cheese croissant and other donut alternatives.  We will be visiting here for a long time, so please support them.
5	Love this place. Always greeted with a smile, donuts we like are always in stock and the price is great!They always give the kids a couple donut holes and throw a few in the box or bag.
5	Stopped early this morning on our way out of town.  Donuts were fantastic and so was the service.  Very friendly and efficient and the prices are great.  The raised coconut was awesome as well as the apple fritter.
5	I'm from a small town and love locally owned donut shops and have been searching for one here in vegas.. Well I found it here at Dee's! Not only are the donuts delicious and fresh, the staff is wonderful too! They are always so sweet and pleasant. Definitely my go to spot!
2	What used to be a good donut spot has gone downhill.  Selection has become hit and miss.  Sometimes you get a couple of donut holes, other times not.  The counter gets overly crowded and too many people are being served at one time.  Donuts bought this morning were not fresh plus the lemon filled and plain cake (our favs) were already gone.  Next time...we go to Dunkin!
