5	awesome.....
5	I signed up for Yelp just so I can write a review on this restaurant!!  There is not a month that goes by where I am not in some other large US city having  a nice meal and I have to say that the Pig & Pickle competes toe to toe.  This will for sure be a Top 20 Phoenix-Metro Restaurant!  I am already planning on being back in a few days.Awesome service, great personalities with the staff, cool atmosphere, great drinks and absolutely ridiculously yummy food.  It has the friendliness of the Mid-West, a feel of a Kansas City steak restaurant, an eclectic menu of a San Francisco hot spot, and the cozy atmosphere of a Cheers bar.Do yourself a favor and just go!!
4	Full posted review and photos at: http://forkvsfood.com/pig-and-pickle------------------ Initial observations at Pig and Pickle are that it's more affordable than Atlas and the menu is loaded with straight-forward, delicious rustic food with just enough global influence to make it interesting.I'd have to say that the Pig and Pickle really delivered, especially for this being their opening weekend. The food had a nice honesty to it, the price was affordable and the service was good. There wasn't much negative to say about the experience, other than quibbling over minor details and lack of bread with charcuterie. I look forward to return visits, and I'm eager to watch the restaurant and chefs earn some well-deserved buzz in the near future.
5	Pig & Pickle, thank you for renewing my faith in Arizona's take on the Gastropub.  If you happen to be within 20 miles of this restaurant and don't make an effort to stop in you're crazy.  The food is a creative twist on your favorite comfort food items.  Pork belly with pureed yams?  Yes, please?  Homemade marshmallows for your ice cream cookie'ish desert treat?  YES PLEASE!   Tiny tostadas with itty bitty slices of kimchi??????  I'm in love... They even have a vegan burger, for those who are interested.  For the rest of us they'll slap a slice of bacon on that vegan burger at no charge.  The location is easy to get in and out of, which is awesome.  The parking was great.  The prices are exceptionally reasonable.  The food was stellar.  I also hear they're getting ready to start doing brunch on the weekends.  I'm gonna need a new cab driver to keep on call.
5	Every pork dish here is amazing, but there are a lot of vegetarian dishes as well like the shepherd's beany pie and and the nancy sammie. The prices are very fair as well this place is going to do really well!
5	This Place is Ahhh Mazing. The successfully bring upper end bistro style food down to a price point where the average person could eat there weekly. Great atmosphere, nice service, and accomplished Chefs make for a place that is easily one of the best eateries I have been to period.
5	Awesome experience - great atmosphere, the food was awesome (make sure you try the Tots, they are UNBELIEVABLE) and craft beers on tap...what more could you ask for? We will definitely be back soon!
5	The Croque Madam and Tot of the day are an absolute MUST!!!!  Perfectly poached egg on top of ham with a fantastic Mornay sauce. You will not be disappointed! And the staff is all very friendly and fun to talk to.
4	Went in to Pig and Pickle on a Monday with a grip of chefs and foodies around 11 to find more than 20 or 30 people all looking to be enjoying themselves at this sparsely decorated gem in a strip mall. The dining room is decorated with a giant wall of the silhouette of a pig and the rest of the room with local artwork, including a gangster Marilyn Monroe, I'm a fan.The drinks list included small batch boozes along with great beers by the bottle and tap.  On to the best part of the place, of course, the food.  We all ordered different things to share and get a full experience of their late night menu.  Different than their regular hours menu of course.  I got the pork tostadas with kim chee and the pickles plate.  Both were delicious and the kim chee actually had a little funk to it that I appreciate.  The pickles were great too and a  good assortment with grapes being the star along with green beans, fennel, beets, and onions.  My friends got the burger which was juicy and cooked perfectly on a flatbread that fell apart a little bit.  We also all tried the Tot of the day which was prosciutto and some sort of cheese that I forget, also tasty.  Possibly the best tot I've had.  We also tried the croque madam which was executed well with creamy mornay and perfect runny eggs but the star of the night was the braised pork leg which anyone there late night must have.  Perfectly tender with a crispy sear and delicious braised butter beans with tomatoes.  Pig and Pickle is worth every penny and I will sure be back for my late night after work cravings for local goodness. Oh did I mention 2.50 tall boy PBRs and coozies lol.
3	I was SO excited to hear about this place opening up just a short drive/nice walk from my apartment, as there is nothing remotely this interesting menu-wise in this area. However, I found myself getting disappointed over and over throughout my experience here. First, the bad stuff:Bf and I walked in and it took at least five full minutes before anyone even acknowledged us...and there's not really a host stand or any signs indicating if one should seat themselves or to wait to be directed by a host to a table. We stood there looking hopeless and hungry, trying to catch the eye of anyone on the waitstaff who all ignored us before someone came from behind the bar and greeted us, seating us at a table near the bar area. The space is beautiful and huge-I never went here when it was Detours but was surprised it was so spacious as it doesn't seem like it would be from the outside. The service was pretty much awful, the waitress taking FOREVER to put in any orders (she only had a few tables from what we could tell...and I've been a waitress before so I know how long these things should take!). The first drinks took a while to get to us, and she didn't take our order until wayyyy after our drinks were delivered, despite the numerous attempts at eye contact. We had to actually reach out and tap her when she was walking by to get her attention, not a good sign. After our apps, we had to wait another longgg while before entrees arrived. When I wanted a second cocktail I waited...and waited...and waited some more. Then I decided to just go on up to the bar myself as I saw the waitress still hadn't put the order in, and told the bartender that I had ordered from the waitress but that I didn't think she had put it in yet, and he was not surprised-he said she did the same thing with my first drink! Well that explains why it took forever to get either round of drinks...the waitress wasn't putting them in the computer after I ordered them. And no, even though I had to wait forever and order it myself they didn't take it off the bill like most places would, most likely because no one noticed. I didn't want to make a scene and it wasn't that big of a deal, but most restaurants I frequent would NEVER let something like that happen. Just sayin'. Now onto the good stuff:The menu at this place has SO much creativity and potential! We ordered the pork shoulder tostadas for an app and this was an amazingly delicious dish...I just wish there was more of it. It was three teeny tiny corn tortilla shells topped with the pork shoulder mixture that had a seasoning so delicious, I was literally spooning the juice left over from the plate into my mouth. I had a long time to sit with this empty app dish before the waitress ever came by to take our entree order, so I got to enjoy the plate juice for quite a while. The menu here reminds me of my favorite restaurant's menu, noca. Bacon and me get along well, and I was 100% ready to fall in love with this restaurant when I saw they had *FREE* bacon on their vegan burger! I love vegan food AND I love bacon, so this was a theoretical match made in heaven. Now, many vegan burgers have corn in them, so I asked if this was made with corn because my stomach+whole corn kernels=bad, and the waitress assured me that while it was made with corn, it was "all mixed up in there, it's not very much and you don't even know it's in there". I was surprised to see that there was TONS of corn in whole kernel form alllll up in that burger. Luckily I was able to pick it out, though that left very little "burger" left to eat, but just be warned if you have any corn issues that this burger is not for you. However, if you love regular beef burgers, the burger here is fantastic! Bf ordered this and it was amazingly tasty-he got it with bacon and it was heavenly. Bacon costs $2.50 extra on non-vegan burgers, fyi. He ordered fries but the waitress brought him salad instead, though once he mentioned it she did have someone bring over fries and they were decent. The salad wasn't anything to write home about, I had one as my side dish as well.I'd love to chalk the bad service up to this place being new, because the menu is just too enticing to ignore, especially since it's walking distance from my apartment! I am not giving up on this place just yet, fingers crossed that the service improves.
4	Outstanding.  Pork leg, tots, beers, food.  Good.  Now go eat.
4	This place is a great example of what a gastropub should be.  Nice decor, friendly and knowledgeable servers, good food and drinks.I was here Saturday and enjoyed my experience.  The cocktails were well made and quite reasonably priced at $8-9.  My Sidecar was great.  I'd like to see a little more selection for the wines by the glass.The duck ham salad was a nice start.  I really liked the duck tostada with kimchee and the tri tip was perfect.An extra bonus was observing the hipster patrons with their little hats and skinny pants.I'll be back!
4	It was with great excitement that I visited Pig & Pickle last Saturday. I went inside with wide eyes and the enthusiasm of a child on Christmas. Something so urban and hip in my little neighborhood of South Scottsdale! Yes, please and thanks in advance.After dining, I am actually a little torn. There was stuff that was absolutely outstanding, and stuff that was just plain not good.I'll start with the outstanding.I personally don't really eat pork OR beef, but I figured when in Rome... I ordered the pot roast sammie, and seriously, I thought I was going to pass out from deliciousness. It tasted just like the amazing, tender pot roast that my mom used to make. It was topped with creamy cheese and caramelized onions. I'll be hard pressed to venture out and try anything new because this was just soooo good.We also ordered desert after our meal, which if that is all I was reviewing this would be five stars without hesitation. The deserts were creative, delicious, not outrageously sized and are leaving me salivating just thinking about them. The beer list was long, and the server was happy to offer recommendations. He was generally a friendly guy and explained the menu well when we had questions.Now for the just plain not good....Unfortunately, I have to mirror the sentiments of other reviewers and say that while very friendly, the service was poor. Wait times were long even though the place wasn't packed, and we sat with a table almost completely covered in empty dishes for most of our meal. We almost cleaned off our own table at one point just to have some room, but luckily our server eventually figured it out. I hate to say that because he was very nice, but they missed the mark on some basics of service.The tots. I feel like I'm going to be mobbed for saying this, but to me- they weren't good at all. Maybe I was disappointed after assuming I'd get a traditional "tot", or maybe the tot of the day wasn't my fave, but I could only manage to eat half of one.  The tot was a "Philly Cheesesteak" and to me it was less tot and more fried mashed potato ball with peppers and steak. Not good, unfortunately. I will be totally open to trying them again in the hopes that the flavor of the day just didn't do it for me.The cost wasn't outrageous but maybe a little high for the neighborhood. I didn't mind paying it, but some might balk at the prices.Overall, I will be back, and am looking forward to it. I just know what I'll avoid this time. Hopefully they get their service in check and get their processes streamlined. I have faith in this place, and I hope it inspires other creative, indie eateries to spring up in South Scottsdale.
3	Just returned from a much anticipated visit to Pig and Pickle...much to my disappointment I write this in hope that those antiicipating thier own visit heed the warning.Following a long day as a bartender addressing the needs of others I eagerly awaited enjoying some new vittles and a new local place .When arriving I was greeted by a very pleasant and joviall bartender Scott...quite a treat. Ordered the croquet sammie and a glass of vino. Asked for house wine and was informed that a pinot noir was the only option....so noir it was. I texted a friend and informed her I was at P n P and feel free to come over and have a drink/nibble. My friend arrived and was literally not acknowledged for 10 minutes. Scott was no where in site. There was a man who we later found out was one of the owners behind the bar...not friendly...not attentitive ...certainly not a reason to visit. Earlier when he asked how was my food I stated the food was good but the temp was lukewarm and I would prefer hotter.Clearly he was NOT interested in my feedback and opinions as he scurried off and remained aloof and unavailable. Scott returns and we share  our disappointment with him...he is gracious and apologetic.....we press on, When presenting our check the owner bartender informs us that he has given us the industry discount( awesome) until my friend realizes that she has been charged 12$ for whatshe hoped to be a cheap glass of house wine....much to our shegrin the noir was not . All in all here it is....nice location...nice ambiance, food was flavorful, Scott was a consumate pro, the prices food wise were reasonable...they need a more affordable wine selection for  the working class. I am sad ...I had high hopes. I was  not at all impressed with the surly arrogance of the "owner bartender" .He alone,was a deterrent to wanting to return regardless of the food and or drinks. Thumbs down on this experience~ Perhaps wait a minute...let them figure out the error of thier ways and this place maystand a chance-
5	Friggin fantastic late night spot. Great variety on the menu, with good drinks to go with. Service was top notch and very friendly. This area really needed a place like this. Can't wait to go back. My only suggestion, try to keep at least some of that Nutella ice cream around for the late night eats. I need something sweet after eating such great food!
4	Yay! Rejoice! There is finally a foodie spot in south Scottsdale less than a mile away from me that brings some hipster cred to the corner of Hayden and Thomas Roads. The Pig & Pickle just opened, serving up a pork-heavy dinner menu paired with a variety of beers and handcrafted cocktails. While the interior gives off a sports bar vibe with an open kitchen, the menu features local ingredients in comfort food style dishes that give the place a warm, welcoming feel.I had a really great vegan burger ($8), made with beans, grains and seeds. It was tasty and filling, and I really enjoyed the seasoned fries that came with it.My friend got the creamy broccoli and and brown ale with cheddar soup ($7), which he said was great, as well as a pot roast sammie ($10), with carmelized onions, havarti and chile aioli. It looked like a hearty sandwich, and he said it really tasted fresh.I'd go back to the Pig & Pickle to try their mac n' cheese -- and I'm also curious how their appetizer of pickles would stand out. The spot is also cool because it serves food until 1 a.m., which is great for Old Town Scottsdale nightclubbers who want a foodie fix.
3	Man, I was so close to giving this place 4 stars, and it definitely has 5 star potential.I came tonight with a couple friends and the only disappointment was the service. All the tables were full, and somehow there seemed to only be a single server in the entire restaurant. Maybe he was just stressed out, but he wasn't particularly friendly. He also seemed to keep forgetting about us. We had to spend a few minutes staring him down to catch his attention at every juncture of the dining process.With that said, the food was superb. These guys are serious about food quality. All three of us got a different item, and each loved it. I had the Vegan burger, with a side salad, which I highly recommend. It was nice and filling with its lentil & bean base. And at only $7 during happy hour, it is definitely a deal I'd return for.The menu has a ton of interesting items. Next time I'll plan on leaving some room for dessert... the desserts all looked incredible. Next time.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped by for dinner The other night. For having just opened, I thought they were doing a great job.The service was excellent. We were greeted right away, and our waiter was totally on top of his game and very knowledgable. We really didn't wait for anything.The food is very decent. I think it will only get better as they get more experienced. We ordered the cod bites, which are good but nothing special. I wanted to try the pork shoulder tostadas, but the boyfriend chose the appetizer dish. I did really like the fries and aioli that came with it, thoughHe got the pot roast sandwich which he enjoyed ( you must try the tater tot concoction side dish) and I got the duck leg. It was very good, but a bit dry. The one complaint I have is that they allow smoking on their patio, directly in front of the door. We were seated fairly close to the door, and as soon as someone walked through, we got a huge whiff of it. I absolutely can't stand cigarette smoke, and don't think it has any place near a restaurant, but to each their own. I do think they should force smokers to use a different area of the patio, though. We will most likely be back, but will ask to sit in a different area. Other than that it was a great experience.
3	Pig & Pickle is an upscale eatery in South Scottsdale - the type where you can see the kitchen and the chefs doing their thing while wearing crisp chef uniforms - the type of place where you can't have things the way you want. The dishes come how they are listed on the menu. No onions? Sorry, this isn't burger king - you can't have it your way. This is the sort of joint where the food is almost art and they don't want diners second guessing the expertise of the artists in the kitchen.I find this sort of thing to be a bit pretentious, but at the same time I do appreciate going to places like this - as a treat. The menu is filled with really unique dishes and it's definitely aspiring above the neighborhood. It'll be interesting to see if they last in this spot. I sincerely hope they do. It can only bring up the game of the area. My gf and I tried each other's dishes and we definitely had a wide sampling of desserts and entrees. We were about 50/50 on the dishes. We liked the sandwich and the bread and thought the desserts were fantastic, but felt a few of the dishes and items to be lacking. It was a mixed bag really, but as we were told - they are really new and still experimenting and finding their stride.If they lower their self-importance level a bit and offer up a little more variety, they will make more friends. So far though, it looks like they don't need too much help. The server told us they have been really busy since they opened. Speaking of which - service was a bit slow and spotty, but he was super nice, professional and went out of his way for us. I'm giving 3 stars because I liked it, but I see room for improvement. I will definitely be back, and I plan to bump this up to 4 if they iron out the kinks. They probably deserve a 4, but I feel like at these prices and presentation - things should be a little tighter... expectations are a bit higher.
1	Usually Yelp reviewers are pretty right on, but not in this case.  I give the one star for the nice waiter.  The food was awful and over priced.  The cod bites appetizer had 4 small (half dollar size) pieces of fish with about 20 soggy french fries.  The pork pot roast sammy had a nice burnt roll, that actually cut the roof of my mouth.  Very little meat in the sandwich and half of it was un-chewable fat.  The flavor of the inside onion, cheese and butter was good.  I ordered the tots for an additional $1.00 and you only get two small potato creations.  These were decent but not great.  I was surprised that the waiter did not mention anything when he took my plate with a pile of chewed up fat on it.  I think he sees the writing on the wall and didn't really give a hoot.  I would suggest he starts looking for a new job.  This place has been open for three weeks and I am positive that most of these reviews have been made by friends or family members.  I have lived in Scottsdale for over 40 years and have seen many places come and go.  This place will go.
3	Great ambience and nice menu, however the execution left a lot to be desired.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  Just don't ask for any substitutions, you won't get any even if the waiter says they can do it, that left a sour taste in my mouth.  Has potential to easily improve if they can get the kitchen to be able to read a ticket properly or for the waiter to be able to convey your request to the kitchen.  Good selection of beer, wine and booze.  If this place were located in old town Scottsdale it could potentially be the talk of the town however it is located in your typical neighborhood strip mall, which probably allows them to keep prices low and remain off of everyones radar..
2	My husband and I had dinner here tonight, expecting something...more.  I had the trout, and he ordered the steak.  They both were good but just not as good as we had expected it to be.  Or maybe we've just had better.  My biggest complaint about both dishes is that it was surprisingly very lemon-y.  At first, I thought that since I had ordered fish, it must have been topped off with lemon juice because even my mashed potatoes tasted sour.  But my husband's entree was lemon-y too.  It was very bizarre.  Anyway, if we are going to pay around $20/person for fish and steak, I think we'll go somewhere else that uses less lemons in their dishes.
5	I don't take 5 stars lightly. This new place really is doing a good job. The food is inventive. Many pickled vegetables and house made sausages.  Fresh bread and house smoked lox. The tri-tip was perfectly cooked and flavorful. A bowl of broccoli beer cheese soup, tasty. The grand finale, fried carrot cake with a savory salted cream was stunning. The service was perfect. From the greeter as we approached the door, water service during the meal, the attentive waitress to the farewell as we left. Keep up the good work.
1	Reserved seating for my husband's birthday.Emailed the place on a Thursday, and no one got back to me until the following Tuesday. My email response only said, "talk to Cat." Called, and the person that answered the phone didn't know who Cat was.  Can we have have seating for 16? We got 12. The server came to our table once in a GREAT while.. I was very polite, and they were "busy." I understand large groups and how it can be horrible sometimes, but this girl didn't even try.  I guess they just had a review in the newspaper so it brought a lot of people in. I have been a bartender. I have been a server. Why did you hire people that don't have personality, or the ability? On to the beer... They were out of Bud Light, Coors light, and two different bottles of wine that we tried to order. ( Side note, we do like good beer: they had an ok beer selection...but the stout I ordered was a horrible 3/4 pour.)We ordered the bone marrow as an appetizer...ehhh. My choice was the "Nancy" sandwich and it  was dry...even though it had avocado (which turned out to be guacamole), tomato, and two slices of brie (that were hamburger sized)...whats going on with your food cost on a pound of bri on my sandwich!? My husband had the mussels with chorizo,.. the mussels were just ok, and chorizo was like beef jerky. One friend said the roast beef sammie was ok, but really fatty.Another friend had a pork appetizer that  tasted like a salt lick for deer. We did have a friend that liked the burger and another that like some kind of ham and eggs dish.  No one had silverware. After we asked the server 3 times, SOME people had something to eat with. Three different people were overcharged in our group...which the server was very nice about correcting.  I wanted to like this place. We live in the neighborhood, and it has a charming name!  I couldn't say one nice thing about our experience here.
4	Had a great meal. The food quality is 5-stars. We ordered 2 drinks, the mussels, the duck bacon salad (fyi: duck bacon is not crispy), croque and mentioned that we would be sharing everything. I was surprised when they brought it all at once. I guess I should have specified that we would be taking our time and savoring courses. Servers were attentive and kept trying to clear our plates which, if we were ready for them to be gone would be good, but we were enjoying dipping the fries in the mornay sauce. On the 4th try, we gave up and let them take it. :)Prices are beyond reasonable for the quality and from 4-7 every day, get $1 off all food and drink items. Our bill came to $50 plus tip. Worth every penny!
5	A welcome addition to the neighborhood - this place is amazing!  Everything we tried - duck leg, roasted marrow, duck ham (!?!) , pork belly - was delicious.  Can't wait to try the late night menu, and I heard brunch is starting soon!
3	Went expecting very good things based on great reviews in the local papers and Yelp. Unfortunately didn't quite live up to expectations. Restaurant itself is nicely appointed and has a good feel. Service was friendly and attentive. Food wasn't quite what I was hoping for though. We had the bone marrow and pork shoulder tostadas to start. Bone marrow was nice - enjoyed the onion jam and pickled onions it came with - nice compliments. The tostadas didn't work for us though - the ginger aioli lacked much ginger and there was just way too much of it. The duck leg was excellent itself, but the bean cake it came with didn't do much for me, and the bean sprouts and cabbage slivers on top didn't do much for the plating or the dish over. The pot-roast sammie was good, but the fries were barely warm and no longer crispy - which was a bummer.I'd probably give this another shot as I liked the concept, but probably not in a big hurry to go back. Pricing generally good, though if they shave a dollar or two off the apps that would help.
5	Thank you for coming to my neighborhood and my world.
4	It's one of my fav new places! I love comfort food. I know what you are thinkin, why would a vegetarian like me, love comfort food! Well it's the overall package, & it's not like my most fav food, but I like what they do with their okras, hush puppies ( even though it was meant for puppies :p), greens & beans, Mac & cheese, etc. ok enough with the general comfort food, lets talk about P & P. We went there on a sunday Night, was busy for a sunday night, the place looks interesting inside, looks like a combination of a sports bar and a restaurant but isn't neither. Our waitress was  friendly but a lil' sarcastic maybe? I can't remember her name though ofc. Apparently she can't take it when the customers get indecisive (bcs of the lovely options in the menu) and are not ready to order the food even when she came back like 3 times in 7 mins. Anyways to the food, my buddy was like woah they have a lot of veggie options for being a pig place. I was hello, remember it has a pickle in it too. :) Oh wait the drinks, aah i posted a pic of their drinks, have a couple of interesting drinks in there. another buddy of mine got a side car, it was meh! I was in mood for something hoppy, so just got myself a left hand IPA. Their beer selection is good as well. I was contemplating between the vegan burger or the shepards pie. On the waitress's insistence I had to go with the pie. I liked the pie, even though it was bland as it could be. Don't think there was any seasoning in it, but was filling. Had potatoes, lentils, cheese, and stuff in it. I had to add like a bunch of chalula sauce in there to compensate. I am not going to get this again, but I wanna go back to eat the vegan burger, I read that it is bland as well in other reviews, but I will havta try it. oh i am not even gonna try and think what my friends got, ofc all of it had pigs in it, but they did look happy about the food; is what I can muster right now. Something about this place makes me wanna go again n again. In line with that I wanna go to their HH, or should we say Reverse HH , 10PM onwards everyday. and their desserts will be eaten as well, i hear they are good. Please watch this space for an update then. Until then P & P.
4	An Arcadia restaurant feel in South Scottsdale. Finally! Happy hour is only $1 off f&b which isn't all that great but we still enjoyed. The cocktails were good and food was also reasonably priced and tasty. Will definitely be back.
4	Multiple businesses have tried to make it at this location, but I'm really hoping Pig & Pickle is here to stay! My wife and I have already been here twice since they opened, and I know we'll be back many more times.The menu isn't very long, but everything we've had on it has been outstanding. The service is also friendly and helpful. And the actual restaurant is well decorated and has a bustling, but not loud, vibe to it. Keep up the great work Pig & Pickle!
3	Walked in on a whim at about 630-7pm on a Saturday night with my man-friend.  The hostess told us it would be about 15 mins as they were full at the moment. No worries, the bf was just glad to have a tv with the game on in front of him.  Checked out the drink menu at the bar for a few minutes... Nice beer selection and good drink prices!  They have craft cocktails, but I went for a beer since they had Konig Ludwig. =)  For dinner, I debated on the pork tostadas and the vegan burger with bacon... The bacon is a FREE add-on!!  The waitress suggested pork tostadas, so thats what I had.  Quite tasty!! There were 3 tostadas with piles of pork! They had a great ginger aioli and crunchy/spicy kimchee. 2 of them filled me up, but I went ahead and ate the 3rd one since the bf was too full from his tri-tip dinner.  Needless to say, neither one of us had room for dessert. The service was good and friendly and overall it was a good dinner.  The only thing I didn't care for was the $3 charge for a soda water at the bar when I ordered a beer. Fizzy water for 3 bucks?!  My bf almost exclusively chooses soda water/club soda over flat water, and I have never been charged for it when it comes out of the tap.  Just sayin.
2	I give them credit for trying, but its just too overpriced for what it is.  My tots were cold in the middle, the waitress couldn't give a semi-accurate description of the dish she served me.  Don't try to order water to drink because the the tiny sippy cup they give with ice holds about one sip.  The tostados were good, but the rest of the meal, the no kids menu, we left disappointed.  If they move the restaurant ten blocks north they can get away with charging those prices, but not here.
5	Pretty sure I've never seen a menu that is so unique, diverse, while being delicious. Do not go here expecting your "run-of-the-mill" menu. It's all a new experience, and a delicious one. A lot of care and thought has gone into the menu, however, if the standard "meat and potatoes" is your thing, you should probably hit McDonald's. The tots are not really tots and change every day. It's always a treat to go to the Pig & Pickle.
4	This place is a little neighborhood gem. I'd heard great things about P&P so I was dying to it. Chip was our server and really kinda made our visit more enjoyable. He is extremely knowledgeable about this menu and he truly likes his job and it shows. His suggestions were spot on. We tried the pickles "things" which had beets,eggs, kimchi, cauliflower,pickles and carrots. Their take on tater tots is awesome, too. It changes daily, too. Ours had pepperoni and mozzarella inside and served with a spicy aioli. I had the pork shoulder tostada and my only complaint would be the ginger aioli, plus ginger in the kimchi and my Moscow mule on top of it was a bit of ginger overload but that was my fault for not realizing how much ginger stuff I had actually ordered. My friend ordered the Croque Madame with a duck egg. It wasn't the best I've had but quite delicious nonetheless. The owner stopped by and said Hi which was so cool. I've been in this biz a long time and it's the little things like that that will make this place a success. Cheers P&P....see ya soon!
5	Gina is the best hostess ever!! She greeted us with the best customer service ever!!  Her happy spirit and warmth made us feel so welcomed. The food is great! We will be back!!!Thank you Gina!!!!
4	Good food, great staff, bad location.
4	Peg and I came in for the maiden voyage. We had heard good to great things about this place. With "Pig" in the name of the place, and given our affinity for an excellent purveyor of pig (Chef Justin Beckett), we wanted to check this out. The  pork liver and caramelized onion smear with pickled fennel was wonderful, so of course I added an over-easy egg on top which made it even better to me. Peg had the pork shoulder tostadas, ginger aioli, kimchi, and scallions which were also wonderful. We split the cool beet, fuji apples, almonds, arugula, cheddar, and  horseradish cream salad. For the mains, Peg tried the braised duck leg on a mung bean cake, radishes and sweet soy. The duck was cooked perfectly and the mung bean cake was crisp and very tasty. I had the pork porterhouse on a mustard  cabbage base which was incredibly good . The mustard was strong and complimented the bone-in  pork perfectly.  Being the first time, we splurged and had a pineapple upside down cake with vanilla ice cream and a creative brittle with cherries and bits of ham...very nice. As important to us as any of the food is the hospitality. There are stellar food places with excellent cuisine but sub-par personality which won't be re-visited. However, the manager at P & P (Chris),  server (Mike) and Chefs Josh and Keenan were very gracious and welcoming. Local ingredients carefully served in creative dishes. We will return! A great place for an early dinner (opens at 4:00 pm, no lunch) and an atmosphere that is functional and fun.  This is a comeback!  Dr. B
4	12/13/12Nice space!  Let me rephrase that-- very cool-looking bar counter, but the rest of the room was too open, with low four-tops in the middle of the main room and high two- to four-tops next to bare walls and near the bar area.  It felt a little disconcerting...  Upon entering the restaurant, I immediately gravitated to the bar counter, where the choicest seats seemed to be.  The bartender there was friendly and eager to tell me all about the beers offered here.  After being able to sample one of the beers (sorry, none of the ones listed online sounded familiar), I decided to go with a glass of Malm Sonoma pinot noir ($10).  A pet peeve of mine is having to drink wine from a beer glass- not cool, but I got over it.I started off with the Braised Pork Belly, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=IxQZJrjKInhC-mVb9TCd1g#IxQZJrjKInhC-mVb9TCd1g which came charred (grr!) and sitting on top of a delightful silky bed of (not cloyingly) sweet yam puree, and garnished with Brussels sprouts slaw and maple syrup.  I expected the pork belly to have a little more crunch after seeing all that char, but it was almost too tender.  It tasted quite lovely, but I preferred the pork belly that Roka Akor used to serve (I hear it's not on the menu, anymore?).  I really enjoyed the yam puree's contribution to the dish-- it was almost jammy.  Still, at $10, I'm going to skip it next time (and resolve to look for it on my next trip to Roka Akor!).For my main, I had the Braised Duck Leg, $13, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=aUDb-8nR1pDZroVx1gHiHQ#aUDb-8nR1pDZroVx1gHiHQ which was a work of art!  Gorgeous colors and a MYRIAD of textures and flavors, it is definitely a dish I would order again and again!  The duck was crispy and very delicious- one of the best pieces of duck I've ever had the pleasure of tasting!  I especially enjoyed the crispy mung bean cake upon which the leg was placed on.  (Being Asian, I am familiar with mung beans- red, yellow, and green, to name a few, so to see this ingredient used in a novel way in American cuisine was exciting!)  I so loved the big bursts of ginger flavor in the cake-- I wish to see this item on more menus- at least as a substitute for crispy polenta, or risotto.  The sweet soy had almost a balsamic twist to it.  I whole-heartedly recommend this dish!To finish, I ordered the Apple Turnover, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=4bSitqEOaCaP4SvbuyJb6A#4bSitqEOaCaP4SvbuyJb6A with vanilla-bean ice cream, $6- a special of that day, which required I wait an extra twenty minutes to bake-- I do not mind waiting for freshly-baked pastries!  This delightfully-flaky turnover arrived atop a rivulet of beautiful caramel sauce, piping-hot tender spiced apple slices inside, a dollop of creme fraiche, and apple matchsticks on top.  All of this was garnished with toasted pine nuts... Exquisite, and yes, I ate it all!  Since I arrived during happy hour, I was able to get a $1 off each item.  I found the tab a bit pricey ($46, including an $8 tip), but I did have wonderful leftovers for lunch at work the next day-- everyone kept eyeing what I was eating and asked where I found it on the buffet spread!  As if!  :)I'll absolutely be back!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=AFu1PBeqCLa2A1NVFXRwbA#AFu1PBeqCLa2A1NVFXRwbA
3	I think I over-hyped this place in my mind. A restaurant called Pig and Pickle can only be absolutely mind blowing. All of my friends agreed so of course this is now fact. Unfortunately, my mind was not blown. We came for the late night menu and Industry discount (15% off!). The atmosphere is open and spacious with subtle pig artwork scattered here and there. It's got a small bar with a great selection of craft beers and high end liquors. The cocktail menu is a bit pricey, but the drinks are well made and pretty damn boozey (the Mai Tai will knock you on your ass). The service was ... eh. The guy was super nice so I feel bad speaking negatively about him, but facts is facts. The drinks took a noticeably long time to arrive, and I would definitely have ordered a second had the first one not take about ten minutes to make an appearance. Apparently, the bartender was "spacing out". I couldn't care less about a spacing out bartender, I just want my alcohol.The food was good. Solidly good, but like I said, I am not reeling from the foodgasm of piggy goodness. We ordered a round of Tots with their special sauce. For $1 each, get them! The filling changes daily and they're creamy and crunchy and comfort food delicious. Think hush puppy mashed potato mega-tot. I had a hard time picking my meal because honestly, the whole menu looks awesome. I ended up with a $9 Burger. You've got three choices for cheese- cheddar, swiss or havarti. I went with Havarti and a side salad. After thinking about it, I opted to add Bacon for $2.50. We had an entire conversation about how dumb it would be NOT to add bacon at a Pig place! Yeah well... the guy forgot to add the bacon. Annoying. I wasn't charged for it, but I also really would have liked to eat it. Meh. After the industry discount and my unnecessarily large, and guilt driven tip, my meal alone cost a little over $20. That's kinda pricey for a late night meal. Especially with such underwhelming service. It's frustrating because I like the guy, and being in the same profession, I understand wanting to be buddy-buddy with a fellow server- but DUDE. Do Not mess up my meal or my drinks. Then and only then can we be friends. I will come back for sure, but I'm not kicking babies and tossing the elderly out of my way to get there.
5	Dang this place is great! The pig and pickle is a perfect addition to the neighborhood. I went recently we my husband and we had  great experience in every way possible. I love when you can clearly see the respect the chef has for his ingredients. While the menu is very creative it is just simple food done really well. During our visit we started with the chef's feature oysters and pork shoulder tostadas. I had always been anti-oyster but tried these and loved them! They were small and delicate with a meaty texture, and the citrus on top was a delicious compliment. The tostadas were a nice portion, tender pork with kimchi and a nice aioli. They were very tasty. For our entrees I had the mussels with chorizo and the husband had the pork trio(Braised snout, pickled nose and cracklins.) The mussels were amazing, I loved the smokiness of the chorizo with the delicate broth,  a really superb dish. Mu husband really enjoyed his pig bits. Especially the flavor of the root vegetable puree. It also worth noting they have great cocktails and a fantastic beer selection. On this visit we stuck with cocktails, a Moscow mule and Manhattan. Simple, unpretentious and great quality. Pig and Pickle is an instant favorite and we will be making many visits.
2	If you want to lose weight eat here. One bite and your done. All the other reviews are friends and family... has to be. Too over priced, for low quality grub. My fries were cold, my burger way under cooked. The best part of my meal was the beer. First time I was so unhappy with a place I actually posted to warn others. Plus no happy hour?
3	Me and Mr. T came here last night. We inadvertently made it in time for happy hour since our movie at Camelview was sold out. I was impressed they have happy hour on Saturdays, but the pricing was less so. A dollar off wine by the glass (5 to choose from), well drinks, sandwiches, and apps.Nothing on their "old school" cocktail list called out to me (which is extremely unusual), so I got a greyhound. It was delicious with fresh-squeezed ruby red grapefruit. My husband went with their ultra smooth mai tai. I'm not sure if it was smooth because it was blended well or just light with the booze.We got the $4 plate of pickles. I figured these had to be good given the name of the restaurant. There were several varieties on the plate including grapes (yum!), spicy dill, bread and butter, fennel, sunomono, and watermelon rind (the highlight of our entire meal).The vegan burger had a nice flavor, but it fell apart with the first bite and continued to do so as I ate it. The burger chunks were good with the dump truck salad though. Perhaps P&P needs to bite the bullet and just do this as a vegetarian burger with eggs added so that it binds properly. My husband thought his beef sandwich was just ok. I tried not to steal too many fries off his plate. Those were delicious and definitely not frozen.Overall, it was an all right experience. We wouldn't come back here on our own, but we wouldn't say no if someone suggested P&P either.
4	Short StoryVery good Pig and Very Good Pickles. The plates are protein heavy , nearly perfect and you can easily eat Pig PIG and MORE pig in a comfortable casual setting. (Insert the Monty Python Spam song here but use Pig instead of the spam word.) With a daily changing menu.Long StoryThey have many interesting starter plates we picked the pickles and the cheese plate so we could have variety . The pickle plate was colorful and impressive. Each vegetable or fruit I tried all tasted different and was interesting. I thought the cheese plate was very good since it was made of better cheeses  , it also was a good sharing size. We had a Pork Porterhouse that was perfect and came with well seasoned beans and we also had a trout dish that differed from the on-line menu example but was delicious and prepared masterfully . Both dishes were light with the vegetables. The only real starch on the trout plate was the breading from the shrimp.Decided to try a dessert since most have pig in them so we went for a less piggy option and tried the pretzel bread pudding topped with the BEST IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD peanut butter ice-cream. A yummy blackberry complimented this dessert making it taste like a yummy peanut butter and jelly sandwich. This dessert was nearly perfect my only criticism is that the bread pudding was chewy and hard but it was so tasty I ate it anyway.Our server was very well trained and knew the menu well.The ladies room was clean and nice but the stall was extremely small with the door opening in instead of out so even if you are tiny it's hard to get out.Very solid very good.
5	I went to the Pig & Pickle for a dinner out with friends this past weekend.  We were a large group that was easily accommodated for by the staff.  There was plenty of seating in the restaurant, and a back area that made the large group setting more comfortable.  I shared several dishes with friends so I'll list them off with my opinion but as you can tell by my overall review I was very satisfied with my experience.  When my mid-western parents come to visit in a month I'm absolutely bringing them here for dinner.  The menu was fancy but the atmosphere was causal. Important to know - the portion sizes are large, even on the starters.  I wasn't aware of this when I started ordering and as you can see from the list, I was very full after dinner even though I was sharing.  The same goes with the actual dinners and sandwiches, expect to take home leftovers if you aren't starving....Smoked Salmon, tater tot, fennel, lemon crema - If you love smoked salmon, then this is the best thing to get.  It was light but savory.  The lemon crema really made it special.  I would absolutely get this again.  ...braised pork belly, yam puree, brussel sprouts slaw and blis maple - This is just fabulous if you want two slabs of pork fat.  I'm not complaining, because who doesn't love pork fat, but it was a bit heavy when paired with the other heavier dishes....wood oven roasted bone marrow, crostini and onions - I think this was the smallest portion size of all the dishes but with the strongest flavor.  I've never had bone marrow before this dish so I can't say if it was good or not.  The presentation was great and I enjoyed the experience....cool beets salad (name too long) - I love beets, and I loved this salad.  Without question I will order this again.  It was light and pleasant, a great start.  It isn't big enough for a solid meal, but great to split with someone and a small appetizer....lamb dish that was a special from the chef - cooked very well, with a fishy taste.  Anchovies are part of the meal (in the sauce though, no actual visual fish) and they really over powered the dish.  I liked it but heavy, so when added with the bone marrow and the pork belly I was over run with heavy dishes....Seared carrot cake - BEST CARROT CAKE EVER.  I don't typically like carrot cake.  I typically find it fine, good enough, nice with some cider and fall weather.  This though, was the best I've ever had.  The seared surface really make the texture fantastic.  It had a deep flavor and a nice light goat cheese frosting.  The serving size is large, share this with someone....little elvis desert - I wasn't a huge fan of this one, I think the most disappointing thing I tried.  IT was a nice concept, the bacon was too disappointing though, realy should have been a thicker cut but looked more like a piece of bacon on a fast food burger.
4	Holy crap this place is good!!We randomly stopped by this place today and wow, was it a great choice! I had the appetizer pork shoulder tostada (YUM) and the shepards beanie pie (delicious). My companion had the scallops- scallops can either totally suck or be delicious...they were delicious, perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. GO HERE NOW!!
4	Oh, yum! Every meal should be like this one.We started with the wood oven roasted marrow and braised pork belly. Both were great, but I had a hard time not sucking on the bone, because I was just that good. For the main course, I chose the pork flatiron, which was good. But compared to the braised duck, it wasn't spectacular. Nonetheless a very good cut of meat.The most conflicting part of our dinner was the dessert: sear carrot cake. The cake was moist and delicious. The goat cheese glaze had the perfect balance of sweet and tangy. The carrot chips were perfectly crispy. The peppered caramel sauce, sweet and peppery. But together...we weren't in love. But it took the three of us tasting and thinking, critiquing and tasting again to figure that out.Overall, a great meal.
5	THESE GUYS CAN COOK!Although they've been open just 3 months, this is already a wonderful restaurant. The food was terrific, the service very attentive, the staff well trained. The 3 of us started with drinks at the bar: great service, the drinks are reasonably priced (not cheap, but reasonably priced) and a great selection of beers. Then, after a short wait, off to a table for dinner. We planned to have appetizers and entrees but we never got past the "starters", they were so good and sooo filling.Started with the "tots" (outrageously good, light, crunchy, great texture; like pillowy latkes, but better). Then the broccoli soup: very tasty, good texture and, of course, lots of pig on top. Then the charcuterie: meats were delicious and the pickles were even better, especially those amazing grapes. The highlight, though, was the pork belly. Had two orders, it was that good. Eagerly looking forward to the next visit to try even more of that wonderful menu. THEY SURE CAN COOK!
3	I had to seriously debate on whether I should drop my review down to a 2, but I am going to give P & P a little lead way for still being new.  Mainly because I really want them to succeed, since they are just around the corner from our house.  Here are the 3 main reasons they have lost my love.  1. The removed my favorite dish and the only vegetarian starter on the menu 2. Their website and twitter handle both say Happy Hour until 7PM, but they decided to change it to 6 and will not honor what they've advertised.3. Their pickles are disgusting We still received great service, and my vegetarian Chile/Mash was pretty tasty, but I hate going to a restaurant where I don't have choices or the opportunity to experience a complete meal (Starter, Main Course, and dessert). The server mentioned that their menu keeps changing and it's hard for her to keep up, let alone the website... this is going to cause them major problems if they don't get their act together.  I was disspointed and live a mile away, imagine how upset someone will be who traveled a great distance based on the information they had listed on their website! Again, I hope they do well, but I won't be rushing back any time soon....
4	The only reason for 4 stars versus 5 is the atmosphere. It's not bad, just not anything fabulous.  However, now that we have that out of the way, let's discuss what's really important here.. the food. The food is AMAZING. We began our meal with the pork belly appetizer. WOW.  Pork belly cooked to perfection, resting on top of mashed parsnips with an beautiful apple butter, with sliced apple, almonds, and frise. UNREAL. Was sad when the plate was licked clean, and there was no more. Moved next to the entrees. I had the duck leg, on the yam and faro risotto with blueberries gastric, while my fiance had the pot roast sandwich with havarti, onions, and an add on of more pork belly, and the mac and cheese tator tots. Let's start with mine..the duck. Absolute perfection on every level. The duck did not die in vain, I'll tell you that. Each bite better than the next, until my plate was empty, and my stomach was full. The pot roast sandwich was so enormous, and delicious, my fiance struggled to finish it... and lost the battle.. I've never ever seen this before. EVER. Incredibly sophisticated, yet completely approachable dishes, for no where near what you'd expect to pay for quality like this. Our hats off to the chefs.  These men know their meats, and what to pair with that perfectly cooked meat, to make your dinner an incredible experience. BRAVO Pig & Pickle. We will be back. at $65 for an appetizer, two entrees, and quite a few drinks, this was money very well spent. Oh, and I'd be remiss not to mention, our waiter was absolutely terrific. He was very knowledgeable about the menu, and super helpful helping us choose between the many options that had us stuck on which way to go. Don't hesitate. Go. Enjoy. Eat the Pig....and a Pickle.
5	My finacee and I went here one night to celebrate a promotion. We didn't even make it off the starter menu (we had 5 items from it) and we were blown away! Every item is crafted with care. In addition to the excellent food, we had very nice drinks. The bartenders and staff were very warm and truly seem to care about their establishment.We are planning on hosting our rehearsal dinner for our wedding here now as well.
1	Thought this place quite pretentious and overpriced. Went in on a whim, not having heard anything about it. Difficult to interpret the menu, guess we weren't sophisticated enough.  The wait staff seemed insulted when ask to discribe the offerings. Had the tapas which were average, broccoli cheese soup which was more like potato soup and mussles and clams with chorizo in creme fraiche. The portion was large but odd juxtaposition of flavors was only initially interesting and half the serving was left on the table. Add one draft and one bottle of beer and the tab was over $60. We won't be back and won't recommend
4	Met a group here for dinner, expecting to try the vegan burger but opting instead for the vegetarian chili. The "vegetarian chili" arrived in an enormous bowl (think mini crockpot) and consisted of a thick layer of cheddar cheese, mixture of mashed potatoes, scallions, and more cheese, with a light layer of pinto beans on the bottom. This combination was every bit as delicious as it sounds, but I was floored that anyone would attempt to pass this dish off as "chili." Whatever the name of the dish, I was delighted with the 1/4 of it that I was able to finish! We also ordered the Tots as an appetizer and they were absolutely delicious. Everyone in the group enjoyed their meals; there were nothing but positive remarks all around. As the name of the restaurant implies, this is the place to go if you're in the mood for comfort food. I think everyone we were there with would agree that this place counts as an indulgence. Definitely go.
5	Love this place! Close to home but my real selling point is the dog friendly patio and homemade dog biscuits they bring out for the pups. Food is great, as is the service every time.
5	5 Stars....food, staff, vibe, location...such a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Phenomenal.
4	I really like this place.  They have new, interesting concept dishes and everything Ive tried has been really, really good.  The bartenders (who I think may be owners too) were super personable, and when they asked my friend and I to come back for dessert after the event we were going to, we did.  I hope this place does insanely well and stays open a long time.
5	Okay. I have an obsession. But really. I have not been more excited about a new business as much as I have with this one. First off I hate pickles so at first I was hesitant that when I went in everything would be made with pickles. This is not the case at all. They have wine on tap. (Ummm yes please)Tots of the day. (Yes that's right they have a different "huge" tot every single day! Only 1$)Give a beer board (you can buy a beer for a friend write their name on a board and when they come in its already paid for so they can enjoy) Amazing staff (I have yet to have bad service)Phenomenal menu (thanks to amazing head chef) great Bar!!! Clayton is an amazing owner and has an amazing sense of humor my boyfriend an him are always cracking jokes to each other!Try "the Nancy" but add pork belly or bacon! I'm also a huge fan of their "cookie-ish desert! My goal is to try everything on the menu but if hard because there constantly changing the menu adding new items and mixing it up! Another highlight is their late night menu! Try the Udon Noodles soooo good!! The braised duck leg is also a must try! The only thing that I've had that I wouldn't be jumping at having again was the pork tostadas (not horrible just not my cup of tea)I'm so happy that this spot is here!! By far my go to and new favorite place in town. Get there NOW!!! And may your first question be "what's your tot of the day?"
4	Finally got to try P&P last night. I came in right as they were switching over to their late night menu, but I had no problem finding some options that sounded good. I ended up ordering the pork shoulder tostadas, per the recommendation of you fellow Yelpers, and was not disappointed. They were SO good. I'm not sure if I had eaten kimchi prior to these tostadas but I liked everything that was happening in my mouth. Their menu clearly states no substitutions, so I was very pleased when the bartender accommodated me when I sort of created my own martini. I'm so high maintenance, I know. I like that P&P offers industry discounts and good late night eats. I will definitely be back.
5	Great new spot. This is a place by industry people for industry people. Food, beer selection and house cocktail selection are all outstanding!! Also check out their late night menu. I will be back many times and will bring friends.
5	I came here with my wife at around 4:30 for an early dinner and to catch happy hour.We're in town visiting and I found this place on yelp and it tipped my curiosity.  I'm a big fan of charcuterie and this looked like a great spot.   We arrived and being it was pretty early the dining room was pretty empty at this point but we expected this.The place has a cool feel to it.  Bar to the left with bar seating and a few high top tables and a larger dining room to the right  where you can see into the kitchen.They have a pretty killer happy hour menu.  We got the dump truck salad and the char plate for 5 bucks a piece which is probably the best deal in town.  Not only was it a great deal the food tasted amazing.That would normally be enough to eat but since we were here to eat we ate.My Wife ordered the scallop dish and I ordered the braised pork belly with apple butter and the roasted bone marrow.Everything was absolutely amazing.  The service was spot on and delightful making our experience here fantastic.Thanks Pig & Pickle!
5	Food is amazing, very foodie.  One of the few places in town that has great food late.
3	Nice casual restaurant serving fine dining.  The hostess was really nice helping us find the rest of our party who were partially hidden.  The waiter came promptly as everyone in our party arrived one by one.For appetizers we had the following:1) Pork tostada - I like the description, but the pork was cooked to the point where it     was too mushy for our group.  I wanted the pork to have more texture.  It would     also been nice to put some serrated lines on the tostada before frying it so it     breaks along the lines instead of a million pieces.2) Smoked salmon - all I can say is the women in the group wanted to lick the    plate.  Our favorite dish.3) Pork belly - tender and juicy as it melts in your mouth. .  Great with the    accompanying vegetables..Everyone in our group has the pork flatiron.  They didn't ask how we wanted it prepared.  It came out medium-rare which is how I like my meats, but not everyone in my group likes it that way.  The rare section of the pork was extremely chewy to the point where I had problems trying to eat the piece.  The outer section of thepork was not chewy and melted in my mouth.   It was a large portion so everyonejust started eating the outer portion which was delicious along with the accompanying vegetables.  Service was excellent except I had to ask to get my ice tea refilled.  The waiterwas extremely patient with my friends who tends to ask question after question.The wide assortment of beer was really nice.  Also they had some interesting mixed drinks like the "Miss Piggy" which had li hing mui to give it a sweet, sour and salty taste.I'm hoping for great things for this restaurant.  Great menu, but I believe execution still needs work.  I hope they have special event dinners like Citizen Public House.I would have given it four stars, but the price reflects a higher quality restaurant soI'm less tolerant of problems.
5	Well, as most who follow me know I don't often pull punches.  I will flat out say if a place is good for feeding your face or if it's a place that you aught to NOT show your face at.  The Pig and Pickle has a casual atmosphere with a splash of the artistic.  The staff was awesome!  They were attentive, friendly and outgoing.  The pork shoulder tostadas were wonderful with a uniquely delicious flavor.  The tot of the day was spectacular as well.  If you want to try something new that is likely going to taste great?  Check out the Pub on the northwest corner of Hayden and Thomas.5 Stars!
5	I have never left a review on yelp until now because I have never eaten at a place that blew my mind the way Pig & Pickle has. I have lived in Phoenix since 2004 and this place is hands down the best place in Arizona I have ever eaten. My husband and I were here for the late night menu after seeing a show at Pub Rock. Pickled things was delicious. We also had the buffalo pork shanks, awesome! We shared the burger and it has to be one of the best burgers I have ever tasted. Their chocolate chip cookie nutella ice cream thing was fabulous. I plan on coming back plenty of times.
4	The hubby and I stopped in to Pig and Pickle for a late night supper last week and I have to say I really like the place. The atmosphere was very casual and relaxed but it seemed like at the same time there was an attention to detail and the staff really cared about the food and took pride in their restaurant. Our waitress was very sweet. I ordered the beet salad but I wanted it without the bleu cheese crema and so she talked to the chef and had them make a different dressing for it so that it wouldn't be too boring and still have plenty of flavor. It ended up being a really delicious salad and the beets were fantastic! The hubby ordered a burger which he was equally pleased with. It looks like they have a good beer and wine selection at very reasonable prices so I am sure we will be back.
5	Everything pickled and everything pork!  Try the charcuterie!  The bread is flavorful and fresh, and trying everything else on the plate is a veritable adventure.  The croque Monsieur is among the most delicious things I've ever tasted, and the worst part of dessert is narrowing your choices down to one!  The cookie was amazing, and next time I'll be trying the chocolate cake.  Seriously, any restaurant that offers pork belly as a side is a foodie dream.  Beer selection was small, but interesting and good.
4	A friend of mine already knew about this place but forgot about it until he found it on Yelp. 3 of us made it near the end of their happy hour and I was in the mood to try something new. Personally, I'm a fan of wheat beers and decided to try the Konig Ludwig Weiss, I absolutely loved this beer and will return just for the beer as I don't know anywhere else in the area that carries it.I ordered the pork tostadas as an appetizer. I wish the server told me how large the portions were because they were huge and I wasn't hungry from the dinner I had ordered. This appetizer was great and on the Happy Hour Menu.For dinner I got duck over some berries and mustard seeds. Normally I'm not a fan of mustard but I really enjoyed this aspect of the meal. The duck was eh-ok. The portion size of the duck wasn't that much considering it costs about $15 and it was a bit too well done for my liking.The service was ok. Everyone was really nice but I felt as if the waitress was a bit new so I gave her some leeway. Overall, I enjoyed the place. If you don't come during happy hour your bill with 1 drink will probably be about $25 plus per person. I'll be back for the beer and appetizers.
4	Hands down one of the best places to get food!!!  Their head chef is just amazing.  The only reason it did not get 5 stars is for the wait staff.  They kind of suck.  Only reason that they get 4 stars is because of their amazing food.  Food 5 stars , wait staff 3 stars!
5	Love this place! Great food, very large beer selection and a nice atmosphere. The wait staff is always super friendly, attentive and know their menus. Pricea re very fair too for the quality of food you get, I highly recommend this place!
3	I like the concept a lot.  However, the food is just not right, or "balanced" as they say they're striving for.My friend got a burger.  It was plain, no seasoning on the meat.  The best part was the pickle which ironically was closer to a type of kimchi than the kimchi that was supposed to be on my dish but back to that later.  The "tots" that we paid an extra dollar for was nasty.  Weird potato based hushpuppy.  It wasn't very good, wish we just stuck with fries.  I got the pork shoulder tostadas.  It could be pretty good, but the pork was just salty.  Not a lot of other flavor, just salty.  The kimchi was an attempt at the cheap chinese restaurant variation using regular cabbage but the seasoning was all wrong.  Just because you put some shredded cabbage with salt and red pepper, it doesn't make it kimchi.  There's a LOT of other ingredients!The dessert was definitely the best part of the dinner.  Seared carrot cake.  The best thing I've had in a while actually.  So all in all, I'll go for dessert.  And maybe beers.  Also, they take a long time to get food out so don't go if you're on a time crunch.  Fortunately I wasn't, but I can see how this can be an unexpected problem..
5	what? a veggie burger with a $0 bacon option? how funny. we didn't consider this place at all for a dining option considering the name had "Pig" in it. but after a few yelp reviews, we wanted to try their homemade veggie burger. it's in a rather unassuming corner of a strip mall, so again, i was expecting another BBQ joint. i was very wrong. the interior is modern, sleek, and homey at all once. we opted to sit outside, which has a dog friendly patio. they have more than a few vegetarian meal options. i had the vegetarian shepards pie. it was gigantic and piping hot. filled with mashed potatoes, carrots, huge amounts of kale, peas, beans...i could only muster half and took the other home for leftovers. it was extremely savory and i would definitely order it again. their beer selection is impressive, but even more so is the means to obtain their ingredients. our server said everything...except the mussels...are bought right here in the valley and all parts of their food menu are made in house, including their bread. i was very impressed. i hope this place stays around and becomes a staple of our 2 mile dining radius!
3	The food I had was delicious!  The bar is very small and really crowded (other patrons leaning over your food to try and order a drink).No more than 3 stars though.  When I first realized the hours of operation, I thought it was a joke.  This place doesn't open until 4pm everyday?!?  For a wannabe gastropub?!?  In Old Town?!?  Hello???  Old Town is a day drinking society!  No one here waits until 4pm for a cocktail.  How can Old Town patrons come drink if you're not even open???  Also, not enough TVs.
4	I don't generally review places I been to only once, but I feel it's important that future first-time patrons know that this place is probably not what you'd expect. Don't go here expecting to get a bbq pork sandwich and a beer for less than $20. Go somewhere else!That said, after staring at the menu somewhat undecidedly for quite a while, I landed on a sliced roast beef sandwich (the closest I could get to what I really wanted), the dump truck salad and their tot of the day, and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The food, while somewhat intimidating, is really genuinely good here. Our server was back to check on us pretty frequently and was even nice enough to shut off the misters when we thought it was too nice outside to have them on. Their patio is dog friendly, which I love, and I also enjoyed that it was off the beaten path of Old Town. It's nearby, but definitely sets itself apart from the rest of the restaurants in the area. Definitely a place to try, especially if you're one with an advance palate!
4	I liked the risks they took with the menu.  The chef did a really nice riff on the Hawaiian dish poke.  The salad was very good.  Nice mix of different greens and well dressed.  Just enough dressing to coat the leaves.  My favorite dish of the night was bone marrow.  The serving was huge and just absolutely yummy.  The last dish was the pan sauteed white fish over couscous.  Pretty delicious.
5	Straight up, we did not eat a meal here, we ate dessert only and had drinks.  Being only a stone throw from my sister's house and open until late, it was a perfect spot when we decided to do a late dessert before I left early the next morning back home.  At 10:30 pm, the run a "late night menu" which had limited yet with variety selection of entrees and desserts.  It also had some recommended drinks. Being a non-drinker, I have to go by the drinkers' opinions which were that the drinks were good. Upon investigation of the drink menu, an obscure ingredient made these two Hawaii girls go, hmmm. Li hing mui. Upon further investigation we found out that the bartender was originally from Hawaii.  Cool point. Dessert... ah, even on this late menu, was unique and interesting.  At this late hour, one would be forgiving if a place just offered a slice of pie with ice cream on the side. Not here.  The were individually prepared and it took time to get it.  I'll say this much, when an employee/our server knows all the owners and their history, points them all out at 10:30 on a weeknight, and gushes about their hard work, ability to collaborate and be original; you as business owners, are doing something right.   Overall it seems that this place is ambitious and willing to take the risk, exert the extra energy and push the bill to get people to see that they are not a joke when it comes to creating an original experience.  I can safely say this, on this Tuesday night, by the time we left at about midnight, the place was even more crowded then when we came.    I am definitely coming back again to try their regular menu.
5	This place quickly became my fav neighborhood restaurant and bar. They have a great selection of craft beers!The food is unique and very tasty.  The burgers are big and the fries are seasoned  nicely.The service is very fast and friendly.  The decor I love: very industrial with cool local art and wood accent walls. If you want a cool restaurant and bar you gotta check out the pig!
5	Restaurant #3 for restaurant week and I have to say the third time IS a charm!!! This fabulous little place that advertises 'comfort food' in a nondescript strip mall is hands down amazing! Not exactly knowing what to expect (was this just another BBQ joint?) we were wonderfully surprised! We arrived at 7:30 on a Thursday night (reservations made) and the hostess welcomed us and gave us a choice of 2 tables....the only ones available as the place was packed! (Good start!) Our server, Christina, was charming, knowledgeable and attentive. She even suggested my 'gin and tonic' husband try the Hendricks with cucumber instead of lime. He did and he loved it! I ordered a glass of Chardonnay (not the best, but this is a place where beers rule and I should have gone with that!) I ordered the gnocchi which was toasted on the outside and creamy good inside! It came in a goat cheese sauce with mushrooms. My spouse had the pork tostadas...a meal in itself. He said they were very good. Then came soup or salad...I had the broccoli cheddar with brown ale soup...wow, so fabulous with just the right amount of seasoned bacon and scallion for zest. Hubby had the grilled romaine salad with capers and he said it was the BEST salad he has had in ages! He could have just had 3 servings of that! BUT...of course....we had a main course, and we both had the pork porchetta with kraut and mustard and cream potatoes. The pork was absolutely melt in your mouth and the tangy kraut and potatoes were just the right accompaniment. The portions are extremely generous....I took home half of my entree. We had a lovely and delicious leisurely dinner...not leaving until after 9:15, and the entire time, there was not an empty table in the place. This is NOT a romantic hot spot...it is loud and active, but the food is wonderful and the staff is great. Both our server and the hostess thanked us for coming out for restaurant week and trying P&P. No worries...we will be back!
5	Whoa! Gave this place 3 stars last time due to hiccups in service (it was their first week or so in business). But after a visit for dinner today with my family I had to update it to 5 stars. The service was absolutely above and beyond. Our server was quick and helpful. The entire staff was so kind to my baby nephew who had a few crying bouts. The staff came out with a bowl of ice cream to help calm him down and even gave him a piece of bacon on the way out.And of course, once again the food was incredible. Every single person in our party ordered something unique off the menu and loved it.
4	Here ye here ye, this was my very first Arizona Restaurant Week experience, you can see my restaurant flower has been 'taken', or whatever other virgin-analogy you want to come up with. I was convinced I was going to miss the whole thing  (due to some excessive partying in Vegas) but upon arriving on Memorial Day, I was pleasantly surprised to hear that it ended that day, and quickly called to make a reservation.Upon arriving at P&P I finally got why the lady on the phone was so chill about me picking a time and moving it later: the place was completely empty. I mean, it was us and the cooks, not a soul in the room. Since the Yelp reviews about this place were so fantastic, I decided to stick to my guns and ask for the Restaurant Week Menu and a bottle of Pinot Noir from Oregon which was pretty tasty. Here is what I ate:BONE MARROW - 5 starsI've never had bone marrow so maybe I'm biased by raving about it so much. The texture was strange but super flavorful and I loved the options to pair it with picked onions, stewed cranberries or a sweet relish. Load all the flavors on toast and you got yourself a really interesting, tasty, full-bodied and complex appetizer. A great great start to a 3 course meal.GNOCCI SALAD - 5 StarI couldn't really identify all the individual components in this dish but they all meshed into one fantastic plate of food. The mushrooms were well cooked, the sauce at the bottom was creamy, sweet and salty, the gnocci and onions were tender and packed with flavor and the leafy greens at the top off-set the flavor in the sauce for a full balanced thing. It could've worked as a salad  dish (instead of an appetizer) or even as a small main entree. Not super easy to share but why would you? Its too good to give up.CESAR SALAD- 1 starsThe salad category of this 3 course menu was definitely lacking. I wish I would've tried the soup instead. The Cesar Salad was covered with crumbs instead of croutons, the lettuce was soggy and drowning in the dressing AND the dressing itself (the only thing that requires work in this salad) was like a blast of anchovies. Too many anchovies. That's all I could taste, it felt like apple-bobbing in an ocean. Yuk. We tried a bite each and set it aside. It is now rotting in a box in my fridge.DUMPTRUCK SALAD- 2 starsReally lame and inventive, the salad was essentially lettuce and slaw with carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes and 1 small piece of (what I think of) was beet hidden in the corner. The salad seemed wet enough to hit the presence of a dressing, but it had no flavor whatsoever. I took it home (didn't want to fill up on something not tasty) and struggled to eat it later. Womp Womp WompROASTED DUCK- 5 starsOne of the best duck dishes I have ever had, not that I eat duck very often. It was strange how I couldn't pick out a single item/ingredient on the plate (except the duck, I think I noticed that one) but they all worked together in a weird yet tasty combo. It seems the roasted duck was sitting on a bed of YAM (yes Yam) risotto-ish with a blueberry compote. It was sweet and salty and had lots of other flavors I couldn't describe. The duck was incredibly tender and fell off the bone. Despite being incredibly full, I licked (not literally, I have some table manners) clean, it was amazing.PORK PORCHETTE- 3 starsThe pork itself was 50% fat but the nonfat parks were tender and nicely cooked. The pork itself didn't have any seasoning or added flavor, so it was kinda mediocre. The medallion was sitting in a ginormous mount of (what I then discovered to be) potato salad. It was mostly potatoes, green onions and some coleslaw (I think). The whole thing was wrapped up in a sauce composed of horse radish and spicy mayo, two things I really really dislike. Unfortunately the menu wasn't super descriptive on this so I found myself eating the pork and not being able to take more than one bite of this nasty potato salad. That also went to waste. Boo.Besides the food, our server was really awesome. Granted she had no other tables to serve, but she was still super nice to us and really easy to chat with. The place itself has upper-level food but the ambiance is very low-key, casual and cool to hang out in. If I were to come back, I'd be more careful with my menu picks, as it seems that a lot of its food (especially salads!) are hit or miss (or just miss). I'm glad I got to try it and would return only for the duck and maybe the gnocci salad.. everything else needs a revamp.
5	I've been here a handful of times since they opened and am more than satisfied with service and food every time! Their beers on tap rotate and their bartenders are happy to recommend one to compliment your meal.  The menu has some of my staple favorites, but also rotates with specials.  The burger is juicy on a toasted bread made in house. The vegan burger is just as hearty as the meat version, and since I'm not vegan I did add the bacon for "$0".  The croque madame is one of the best I've had due to fine selection of ham and gruyere cheese melted perfectly. For meat lovers, the braised pork leg fell off the bone, a rather large bone. Last, if you love seafood, please, please try the mussels with Spanish style chorizo.  I can't gush more without drooling.  Keep up the good work guys!
4	Solid 4.5 stars had the burger and really did enjoy it.  Happy hour is a great deal  on food but drinks are still pretty expensive.
3	Bone marrow was interesting, not sure I would order it again as it tasted like eating a large chuck of fat.  The staff was very nice.
5	Awesomesauce as they say.  Flavor adventures on a whole new level.  Creative recipes with old style tricks.  Add a great staff and awesome drinks to the mix.    If you enjoy food, this is a must go for at least one time.  Chances are you'll be back for more.
5	My parents took me out for my birthday and chose Pig & Pickle. We started off with some drinks, my dad had Moose Drool, my mom and husband Pale Ale, and I went for the tropical itch. My drink was similar to a Mai Tai, a little bit fruitier, with a generous amount of rum. Very good for a hot night.We ate the following:Charcuterie plate - a large mix of meats, lots of salami, and pickled goods, it event included pickled grapes, very interesting!Beer Cheese Soup - so rich and flavorful, the cheddar really popped and the chunks of crispy bacon really added to the dish, I think this is the best cheddar ale soup I've ever hadBone Marrow - I had never eaten this before, it was fantastic here, we spread it on pretzel bread with bacon jamLobster roll - nice serving of lobster, with homemade chips on the sideMussels - this came with a wonderful wine sauce and chorizoDuck - fell right off the bone, served over a perfectly cooked risottoSeared Carrot Cake - worth coming here just for this, the most creative carrot cake I've ever had. It was a seared block of cake, topped with goat cheese frosting, candied fried carrots, and pistachios and raisins. A must try!Our server was fantastic, she had a great personality and was really on point with recommendations. I will definitely return!
5	Peg and I returned for the debut of the brunch...and it was all that we hoped it would be!  Pork belly and pork Benedict...absolutely superb. The tots that accompanied the prok belly were wonderfully crunch and delicious. The "porkadaise" on the perfectly cooked eggs was a treat. Cat took wonderful care of us, and of course the usual suspects of Chris, and Chefs Josh and Keenan were adept. The place was extremely busy..something that we were  glad to see. A bonus was that Rebecca Moreno (stellar server at Beckett's Table) was there and we caught up....like from less than a week ago when we were at Beckett's. Happy to see the P & P step up and deliver a great we-shall-be-back brunch!
5	I met a friend here for dinner and was REALLY impressed.  For a bar the staff is friendly & knowledgeable.  The food is much more gourmet than I'd expected, but isn't pretentious.  Great mix of flavors and concepts.  Had the pork shoulder tostadas, the smoked salmon on scallion tot, along with a great vanilla porter from Tucson brewery (recommended by the bartender when I asked what he had that was local brewed.)  Would go back often if I lived in Phoenix.  For the money, I don't think you can find BETTER quality, and the quantity wasn't skimpy either.
1	Let me preface this by saying I'm NEVER the type to complain or even take the time to log into Yelp to share my opinion unless it's an awesome review but this deserves to be known. My good friend decided he wanted to try Pig & Pickle as he had been referred to the restaurant by a fellow KCCO-er. He knew that taking me there may be a stretch as I am a self proclaimed "5 year old eater" but what the heck he thought. When we sat down we weren't greeted right away by our waiter but no biggie. When he did come over he asked if we had ever been there and when we said no he did a good job at explaining the culture of the restaurant and the food (cool!) Once he went to actually take our order things went down hill. I ordered first and I half jokingly asked if they had a kids menu because for me the menu was a little out there (sorry for the foodies out there (including my friend) I'm sure I'm an embarrassment ;)) I mean c'mon he didn't even crack a smile at that he just looked at me like I was an idiot and said no. I then proceeded to order the burger and when I asked for pickles (it is in the name after all) he said "It will come with a pickle on the side but not on the burger" I then ordered the fries as the side and he very condescendingly said "already knew that!" My friend proceeded to order all the wonderful things he saw on the menu and the waiter was much more responsive and welcoming to him. Once we received our appetizer, the waiter came back and proceeded to talk to my friend about the secret menu and even showed him a picture on his phone of a specialty burger so obviously this waiter takes his food seriously. Which by the way I respect totally but throughout the rest of the meal the waiter completely ignored me and only acknowledged my friend. It really made me feel like he was punishing me because I ordered the burger (which so did my friend!) but I'm just not the adventurous eater...sue me! Even my friend noticed and said I feel like I'm eating by myself because he is blantantly ignoring you. I felt so uncomfortable the entire time I was there which was disappointing because my friend was enjoying his meal but not the service. So word to the wise...if you don't like to be too adventurous with your meal choices I would not recommend this place but if you are...you'd really enjoy it since the owners are actually the cooks (pretty cool!) So there's my two cents...if you get the server by the name of Sean (which I only found out because it was on the bill the I paid) beware...he may hurt your view of this potentially awesome restaurant. I will end on a good note to say the rest of the staff was much more friendly but there's definitely a bad apple.
4	Great service, great food, friendly staff.  Definitely check this place out.
4	I had pork porchetta.  Delicious (mustard potatoes, house kraut (like a slaw with lots of vinegar - not exactly sauerkraut) pork belly, sausage and ham.  At $24, it was maybe (maybe) a bit overpriced, but it was pretty stellar.  My wife had a burger, which she said was great, and our friend had the Croque Madame which looked ridiculous.  However, it seemed that there was only one or two waitresses for the entire place, so service was really slow at times.  It was about 15 minutes between being seated and ordering food.
5	The tastes are unique and refined, the atmosphere is loose, and I'm listening to Common through the speakers, what more do you want???
5	I had decided that I was not giving in to the "Pig-themed" restaurants.  I mean "Pig", "Pork" and "Swine" restaurants are popping up everywhere!  But I noticed that, no matter how hard I tried to ignore P&P, it would pop-up on all of the foodie sites that I check around Phoenix.  So, for several months, I scoped this place out... checked out this restaurant online and with daily drive-bys in my daily commute.  I finally decided 2 months ago that I needed to check out P&P.  I was sold, food-whipped on my first visit and I've been every week since.  They source all their veggies locally.  They make as much as they can in house from the meats on the chacuterie tray to the pickled veggie/items that appear on every dish.  They even bake their own bread!  I fell in love y'all, with a Pig & Pickle.This restaurant is in a nondescript strip of shops.  I could not tell you what stores exist adjacent to P&P.  It is off the well "beaten Scottsdale Rd" path, and yet, the food is exciting, relevant and has a depth of flavors that is unbelievable.  I'm a fan of P&P and once you give it a try, I think you will be too.I have tried a few things on the menu, let me start with the crafted cocktails - pricey, but still yummy and worth every penny.  They carry premium spirits and they make just about everything that goes in those crafted drinks from scratch.  If you don't want to spend $12 per cocktail, they have a wonderful HH menu with $5 cocktails from 4-6pm. Satly Dog: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-and-pickle-scottsdale?select=aG_8tn9ZxqvTDDwRB-tfhA#wshXHwfqyLloLxHV7g86eQ The star of P&P is the food.  I have tried several things on the menu and I'm happy to say that not one thing was even remotely disappointing.  Everything that I've been served there was 4 Stars and above.  My favorite item thus far was on the new brunch menu.  P&P started serving brunch this past Sunday.  After church, I stopped in and ordered the Bloody Sconnie and the Bacon, Andouille Sausage and Aisago Cheese Fratta.  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=f-ez6J4BhI4U2Gk_Brvr7Q&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA  An extremely delicious dish that is really more like a crustless quiche.  This dish has a serious (and I mean SERIOUS) kick to it.  It is not for the people who can't handle spicy food.  This dish was excitingly delicious.  My 2nd favorite was the braised pork belly http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=od8GMSNVUu4fAT3H1IoqcA&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA   The braised pork belly sat atop a delicious mound of mashed turnip bottoms.  The pork belly provided the right amount of saltiness that was balanced just right by the sweetness of the apple butter.  The arugula top the creation was just the right amount of earthiness to pair with the turnip bottoms.  I love all the flavors.  But as I told my mom, it was almost like eating a southern meal that contained ALL these ingredients, but prepared somewhat differently!    During Happy Hour, they offer a chacuterie plate http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=n62C4gnnQkajkiORQ-tpaw&userid=DHQWSHz6b7Jsy-A04m1cIA that is HUGE for the $5 that they charge!  In this pic, the chacuterie included bacon butter to spread on my homemade pretezel bread.  YUMMY... YUM is all I can say!  To top it off, they have the nicest guys working behind the bar.  I mean... honestly, part of what makes my day when I go into a place like this are cute guys who can mix a drink and order up some food for me to eat.  Clayton and Scott are awesomely attentive and I just love sitting at their bar!  My to try list (because I trust everything on their menu):Shrimp and GritsBraised Duck LegCroque MadameSalmon Tot - 6/30/2013 - 4star. Pork Shoulder TostadasEach 3rd Monday of the Month, join them for Beer Dinner 6:30pm.  I'm hopeful they will have other events in the future.  I think their crafted cocktails would be a great thing to center an event around.Oh gosh, they have free wi-fi too!This is a gem in Scottsdale/Old Town.  Eat, Pig out and Enjoy!
4	Fantastic first visit with a group of colleagues earlier this week. The charcuterie and pickling were both excellent, the duck leg spectacular, the pot roast sandwich wonderful, and the beer selection unique and delicious. While I would've loved more details about what all the fantastic meats on the charcuterie plate were, you certainly couldn't complain about flavor. Service was a bit slow, but I got the impression our server was new--and she sure tried. Excellent overall; the food came closer to blowing me away than any restaurant we've visited in a long, long time. Hearty, comforting, interesting fare in a relaxing, reasonably quiet setting.
5	Pig & Pickle is extremely, extremely good. They have a fun obsession with sneaking pig into as many items as they can that fortunately doesn't carry over to the pickle side of things, which I'm thankful for.I had their lovely pork belly appetizer and their amazing burger. Amazing because it was charred on the outside, in such a way that when it was first delivered, I was worried they had screwed the pooch on "medium rare". Except that as I cut into it, it broke into an example of the most radiant, beefy splendor, perfectly cooked, with no ketchup necessary. A perfect tomato, the right amount of lettuce, and some delicious cheese. This, my friends (and to paraphrase a scene in How I Met Your Mother) is a BURGER.Their desserts were great as well, and everyone really loved their slightly different take on things and quirky menu options. We'll definitely be back.
5	Just driving by this place makes my mouth water! I don't know if the air around Pig & Pickle actually smells like bacon or if it's just my imagination getting the best of me.Service was friendly and prompt. I had the porchetta which was absolutely amazing. Each bite had a slightly different taste and texture. The inner portion was a little bit spicy and the outer portion was like bacon--but better (how is that possible?). I also had the pork tacos with kimchi and they were great! Tender, shredded pork with kimchi on top. The kimchi wasn't at all overwhelming.And for dessert--the nutella ice cream. This is a game changer for me! I don't usually order dessert because I always overdo it during dinner, but thankfully my date insisted. It was delicious and I found myself continuing to dream about that ice cream and figure out when I can have it again. I can't wait to go back to Pig & Pickle--my new goal might be to try everything on their menu!
5	Wow what a find for metro phoenix.  Great food, decent atmosphere, tremendous service. If you can get there before 6pm they have happy hour daily which almost cuts your check in half.  Coming back early and often.  The soups are over the top amazing and the bone marrow dish is a must try.
5	AMAZING!! The drinks there are truly hand crafted and the food is delicious!  Don't miss out on the taters tots.  @ only1$ a piece and ala carte, I suggest getting a plate of a least 10, you won't be disappointed.  Nice and clean atmosphere and sometimes chill live music.  Wish I lived closer, I'd be here every night.
5	My friend was raving about their menu so after a late night out on the town, we got there at 1:05am and unfortunately the kitchen closed at 1am.  We didn't make a big fuss cause well, it was 1am in the morning, we were not going to make anyone cook for us so late/early in the day!So my friend and I both had a cocktail each~ he had the manhattan martini and I had some drink for which I cannot remember but they were both well presented and delicious~ full of subtle flavor!The name Pig & Pickle is so deceiving since if I heard the name without coming to the joint, I would expect a hole in the wall BBQ place.  But I see from the many reviews this place has already received, the word is out that this place is a foodie heaven and a cool place to hang out.I will be back again, this time before the 1am gong hour so that I can try out their menu along with more of their delicious, libacious cocktails!
2	what a huge pile of disappointment this place is. how this restaurant has four stars is a serious mystery to me. my fiance and i came here for dinner one night when we were both absolutely starving.  we would have thought almost anything was delicious at that point, and we were still totally let down. in order to accommodate our crazy hunger, we ordered a ton of food. we started with the house made charcuterie plate and couldn't find anything on it that we enjoyed.  i love pickled foods, but there was something about the flavor that really turned me off.  next up was the creamy broccoli and brown ale soup.  this tasted like something you'd get at applebees or chili's and looked like it too.  it was so boring and generic-i figured the ale would give it an interesting flavor, but it just tasted like a bland bowl of whatever. i know we ordered at least three other things, but they were so whatever that i literally can't even remember what they were.  i was also disappointed to later find out they have a tot of the day (loooove tater tots), but our server never mentioned them. i can't see a reason to return to this restaurants unless it's for a cocktail only and i'm in the area.
5	We are fans, regulars, and mildly obsessed with this place...We have tried almost everything on the menu, with fabulous additions and specials from time to time. The food is impeccable. High quality, fresh, and inventive and the prices are good. The location is great, the atmosphere is casual, staff is friendly and attentive. Late night dining is the best in town with a slightly abridged menu. Drinks are hand crafted, great beer and wines. From dining in to take out, we have never been dissapointed! AMAZING!
4	Wonderful food, atmosphere and pricing.
4	Very much enjoyed the Charcuterie Plate and the house made pickles. Pork Tostadas were delish.  Props to the bar: These folks = extraordinary cocktail crafters.  Thanks for serving Hendricks with the appropriate garnish!  :-))
4	Tried this place for the first time. First let me say the service was spectacular. Our waiter was prompt to greet us and get our drinks as well as food order. He gave great descriptions of the menu items and was very attentive. The food was good and to my surprise somewhat gourmet, considering the name of the place. Don't  be afraid all the food may be or contain pork; they have other options such as chicken, salmon or vegan plates. A place worth trying!
4	Pig and Pickle's website says it best! "...don't call us one dimensional....the idea behind the brand is all about balance. sweet needs sour...chocolate needs salt...we support local when possible, small farmers, happy animals, real sugar, real fat... we hand craft our cocktails, bake our bread daily, make our own aioli and grow our own herbs...."This is just the kind of place you want to venture to for great cocktails, great bites, or an indulgent dinner.Happy hour here is a fantastic way to familiarize yourself with their toothsome menu.  Featured are $5 Pupus such as the incomparable  "Dump Truck Salad with mixed lettuces (spring greens such as arugula and spinach), radish sprouts, fresh mint, baby shaved veggies like radish, cauliflower, cucumber, carrots, cherry tomato, sesame seeds, shaved fennel, chia, flax seed, and all doused with a wonderful cucumber and shallot vinaigrette, dusted with sea salt and cracked pepper.  Incredible!  You can also enjoy the likes of Creamy Broccoli and Brown Ale Soup, or a selection of the Chef's housemade charcuterie, all for $5 during HH which is 4-6p Daily.The menu does change seasonally, so there are items such as the Crispy Chicken Tacos with Sriracha Aioli and slaw that may not always be on the menu.  With a name like "Pig and Pickle, I was unsurprised to find the chicken tacos lackluster.  Chicken was breaded and consequently dry and flavorless.  It would have been a great taco if the meat was rotisserie or marinated.  The aioli was wonderful, just the right amount of kick balanced by the cool of the red cabbage.  However!  The Pork liver and Caramelized Onion Smear, with pickled fennel and an apple raisin mustardo was exquisite.  It had a wonderfully smoky flavor, and the Hawaiian sea salt gave it so much more character.  Highly recommended for pate lovers.  Personally, I thought this plate was great without the pickled fennel or the mustardo - just the amazing sea salt.The Wood Oven Roasted Bone Marrow came last, served with Crostini  and caramelized onions.  It tasted like a decadent and savory sweetbread butter, and it is no wonder why it is a staple here at P&P.Drinks! With names like Salty Dog and the Stoney Baloney, you are in for a unique treat.  The Stoney had a unique melange of Hophead vodka, fresh lime, grapefruit juice, hop grapefruit bitters, an IPA float, and candied lemon rind.  The Salty dog their own version of the "Greyhound" with Hawaiian sea salts.Although I did not venture into sampling the Dinner menu, I spied several tasty looking dishes such as Pork Porchetta and Mussels in White Wine.With great service and equally great dishes, I am definitely coming back here for more!
4	I've only been here twice so far (I live next door) so this is based just on the two times I've been here. The first time was good, the second time was better. The first time we came we sat outside and we ordered the tostadas to start which I honestly wasn't a big fan of. I think tostadas are my least favorite Mexican dish so maybe that's why but I think that there are better looking apps on the menu that I'm looking forward to trying. We also tried a tot (can't remember what kind it was that night) but that was the bomb and they're only a $1 which is a deal and just a fun thing to try. Then we split the trip tip steak which I didn't like. It was way too salty which is seriously weird coming from me because I LOVE salt. However, the blue cheese fondue that was on it was reallllly good. I personally wouldn't order that steak again. Our waiter recommended we get a slice of key lime pie and claimed it was the best he had ever had (my boyfriend wasn't convinced) so we tried a slice. It seriously was the best we'd ever had. Sooooooo SO good. I would order that again anytime. I also tried the Salty Dog drink (grapefruit juice and vodka and sea salts) and I wasn't impressed. The salt like was too hard to come off of the glass so you didn't really get any of it when you took a sip. The second time we came I got the mussels with chorizo and those were really good and I'd definitely order them again. The service is really good here and the staff is friendly so that's a huge plus. I am looking forward to trying different things on the menu as well as trying the brunch!
4	I love this place for the unique foods and friendly wait staff and bar tenders. I keep going back to my Monsier Coque  (sp) since it is my late night over indulged food with chicken pot pie tatter tots. YUM.  I have tried a few other things like the steak salad and udong noodles are very tasty and really worth sharing. I love music which is only Friday nights. Unfortunately the room with concrete floors make a little hard to hear at the tables. Maybe just the guitar without the drums could be a suggestion   Otherwise this is must go!!
3	(Lyrics - Harry Chapin/Ugly Kid Joe - Cats In The Cradle)I arrived to this place just the other dayI drove here in the usual wayBut there were plates to serve and bills to payI came for happy hour and I ordered awayAnd the server was talkin' 'fore I knew it, and as he spokeHe'd say "I'm gonna go grab your drinks man"You know I'm gonna go grab drinksAnd the pig & pickle in South ScottsdaleLittle Asian boy and the mood for some foodComfort style from the home that's rad!Restaurant Week, we'll get together thenYou know we'll have a good time thenPig & Pickle offers comfort style food right in South Scottsdale.  A little off from the main strip of Oldtown, but that's all good.  I remember this place when it was the Detour Tavern which obviously didn't work out.  The layout is still the same.  Granite bar table on the South end with the patios outside.  Open kitchen on the Northwest side overviewing the dining room.  The place has a modern homey feel with some art decors I'm guessing from local artist.  I came here during Restaurant Week 2013.  I ordered the Bone Marrow, Ale Cheddar Bacon soup, and the Pork Porchetta, while my sister and her BF order Pork Shoulders, grilled Romaine Salad, and Braised Duck Leg.  Overall, it was a lot of food!  The Bone Marrow was yummy, gelatinous and goowy with pickled and caramelized onions over a crustini. Texture was perfect in my view, soft and goowy with the pungent onions and crusty bread.  My Cheddar Bacon soup, well it was cheddar bacon soup.  Didn't think much of it.  My sister's Pork Shoulder was served like mini sope tacos.  I thought it needed some heat.  My sister BF salad was oddly to say one of my favorites.  It had a nutty dried fruit taste with the crunch from the Romaine.  The egg was added the extra ooze of a texture and the Caesar cheese was mellowed by the sprinkled crushed croutons!  Finally, our main meal was okay at best.  Guess I'm not a big fan of Porchetta, but I thought it could have been roasted more on the outside to add some crispiness to what I would consider the bacon part.  The Fattiness of the pork was okay and the meat was nice and well cooked.  Not too dry, but I guess the fat help it stay moist.  I had to take some home since I was getting too full.  The horseradish mashed potatoes and the pickled cabbage atop I could have done without.  Then again maybe this comfort food is more made for an English man, not the Asian man haha!  In the end, the service is tops.  Very well done and they seem to be knowledgeable about their menu.  Drink fill ups were quick, which in my case is important since I can drink water like no other.  I really enjoyed my visit to the pig & pickle and I really want to continue to come and give this place a chance.  For now, I will have to say a 3 star. - Enjoy!
4	The service was great. Strong interesting cocktails. My rib-eye was pretty good. I had a bite of the pork shoulder tostadas, which were delicious. I tried the Elvis gelato, which was interesting, but didn't really work for me.
2	Was excited to check this place out since it seemed rather unique for the area, but the run of the mill food could not save the poor service. This place definitely reminds me of a person who thinks that they are wayyyyy hotter than they really are. Food was a 3, service and overall experience was a 1, so landed on a 2 rating. Would not recommend. Full review below - Earlier in the week, my wife called to ask a question about our reservation. She was promptly told we didn't have one (we did) and was hung up on. Delightful. Should have been red flag #1.When we walked in and the hostess seated our party (spoiler - the reservation we actually had), the atmosphere and I really enjoyed the modified wine bottles that were used as drinking glasses.Drinks - Beer list was solid and definitely above average for the area. I settled on Dogfish's Festina Peche which seemed refreshing given the recent heat/humidity combo. Going rate for the beer was $7. When it came back from the bar, I noticed that I received it in a beer snifter glass which holds about 10oz. Looked around and noticed that other people in my party had the same pour. Now, I have no problem paying (and have more than I should) $7, $10, $12 for a 10oz pour of a higher alcohol by volume or rare seasonal beer. But $7 for a 10oz (really 8oz since mine was short poured and spilled on the table) fairly standard seasonal that has an ABV of 4.5%? The blatant money grab on the drinks is not a good look.Food - As happy hour was ending, I decided to order the Chef's Charcuterie board. This was easily the best thing I had. Seemed like an assortment of pickled veggies and an egg with bread, jam and 3 kinds of meat. I can't tell you exactly what was on the board because the waiter just dropped it off in front of me with zero explanation and walked away. For the main course, there really wasn't anything innovative or unique on the menu, so I settled on the pot roast because I was craving it for some reason. Tots were easily the best thing on the plate. Pot roast was kinda bland, definitely needed salt. Aioli didn't really add much and didn't really make all that much sense from a flavor profile in my opinion.A group of us (11) try a new place every month. This month happened to fall on a birthday. So, we brought some cupcakes as is the tradition. Waiter tells us that in order to serve them in the restaurant, we have to pay $4 a head. When we protest to the manager, he tells us it is a health code violation. So...it's a food safety risk unless we pay you $4 a head? Word of advice, the money grab is bad for business. 11 people who had been there for 2 hours now will not order another $7-12 drink ($77 is more than $44, shocking I know) and will leave with a bad feeling about your place. Not smart.Overall, food is ok, service is bad, drink situation will make you feel like you need a shower. Spend your time and money somewhere else and thank me later. Perhaps over a normal sized beer?
5	Don't let the name fool you-I'm still a veg-head, but surprisingly this place has something for everyone. Yes, they specialize in various meats and pickled vegetables. They are also all about local, farm fresh, homemade food, which is why it's so deeeelicious! They have a few vegetarian items on the menu. The Nancy is a great brie and avocado sandwich, they have a homemade veggie burger, a vegetarian casserole which changes seasonally, and last night I tried the mussles which you can order with or without chorizo. They were delicious by the way. They also have an impressive mixed cocktail list with some classic old time favoritesThe both times we've been here they have had wonderful service. Attentive, friendly, polite, and professional.  There is a dog-friendly patio as well, and last night on a Friday evening they had live music inside. So glad this place moved into the neighborhood!
1	Never coming back. Our monthly supper club decided to meet here for my birthday celebration. Twelve of us came to have a good time and order lots of drinks and food. My wonderful friends brought cupcakes to celebrate and when we brought them out they told us that we couldn't have them and that they would have to charge us $4 a cupcake to bring them in the back, add a scoop of ice cream and bring them back out to us. The problem wasn't so much that they wouldn't allow us to have them, the problem came when my husband tried to reason with the manager and he was a complete $@#. The manager literally said he had to charge us and serve them to us because it was a health code violation. Ummmmm, pretty sure you manhandling my cupcakes and adding ice cream to it has NOTHING to do with health code violations. That sad, pathetic excuse was all we needed to seal the deal.Needless to say we said thanks but no thanks and ate them in the parking lot. Sad for them because we would have ordered a few more round of drinks and spent a lot more than $4 a cupcake! Our supper club will never come back and we would recommend to anyone celebrating a special day NOT to show up here. Ridiculous!
5	If your a major foodie and looking for an out of the ordinary dining experience then you NEED to check this place out. I went late and it was not too crowded, the service was basically on the spot, the bone marrow and duck wing were exceptional, and if your a dog person the patio is dog friendly (added bonus for my two dogs the bone that the marrow is served in is dog safe). I have not found food like this in the area and its definitely worth trying.
4	Holy foodgasm!  That's a direct quote from dinner here with my friends last week.  We went on a Friday, which I would NOT recommend; the was quite a long wait to get seated.  Service was good, but a little blatantly one sided.  Maybe the server could actually address then entire table, and not just the hot chick....not so subtle my friend, I'm just sayin.  The food here was good.  They didn't reinvent the wheel, or even try to. The menu is a random assortment of someone's favorite foods, each one seemingly executed well.  There is a note on the menu that substitutions will be politefully declined.  I was concerned about this, as with my food allergies, eating out can be tricky.  They were more than willing to serve me a custom grind burger sans bun, with extra lettuce for wrapping.  It came out deconstructed on the plate, with a bowl of fries.  I was disappointed at first that I wasn't offered any dipping options for my fries, but once I tasted them, I understood why.  These fries were excellent. They stood alone, and anything to dip them in would have been an injustice.  Then I tasted my burger. One of my friends also had a burger with the bun and 2 hilariously large tots, and the other had a vegetable casserole? (If I remember correctly). There was a collective silence at the table as we all had our first bite, and stared at each other in disbelief.  No one could believe how simplistically good the food was, and the fact that we all thought so, that's an almost impossible feat.  As a group. We rarely agree on anything food related.  I think the drinks were overhyped a bit.  I had a Moscow mule, which was ok, but not exceptional by any means.  The waiter helped my friend select a beer which she seemed to enjoy.This place is more Scottsdale than I expected, but that wouldn't stop me from returning; I'd just pick a different night to avoid the wait.
3	Well, we porked out at this fun, accessible, local bar & restaurant! Appetizers have great portions and are very yummy. It was a hopping Wednesday eve and staff was very efficient with service. We definitely will be back but here are our observations, that we are not quick to critique:1. Kitchen is very open. Kitchen line staff opening large bag of lettuce and using bare hands to remove.2. Grill chefs and line cooks all take a shot of liquor after happy hour/dinner rush.3. Our waiter is the only one that has hair hanging down in face. All other staff (aside from hostess) have hair well groomed and pulled back.4. Pork dishes are succulent.5. Staff is pleasant.6. Beer options are broad and recommendations freely given.We are stuffed....
4	We were again near the Pig & Pickle and he who must eat willed the car to stop and I couldn't be happier. It was early so we had the happy hour menu . First there was the mint julep and a great pilsner beer (thanks Kat for the suggestion!) We enjoyed the chefs choice  home made charcuterie...there were 3 different home made breads, pickled egg, pickled onions, bread n butter pickles, smoked butter, unsmoked Polish, pork terrine, (yummie) andouille sausage... Oh my goodness it was sooo good. We also had the pork shoulder tostadas, ginger aioli, topped with a light kimchi. It just didn't stop there we had the seared carrot cake my only complaint was we only ordered one piece.The peppered carmel sauce I'd like a bowl of that topped with the goat cheese whipped topping. What a wonderful time! Thank you!
4	Food: Very good. We had the duck and the fish fry. Both were excellent. We were sorta disappointed that we didn't get any of the house made bread. I guess we should have asked? Could be our faults so whatever.Drinks: Eh...I've had better old fashioneds. Maybe I am just comparing it too much to Boston gastropubs which tend to have fantastic drinks. This is not to say it was bad, it was good...but I wasn't obsessed with it the way I am at some other places. On the other hand my dining companion's drink was good and I would be satisfied with it at virtually any location.Service: The hosts were super friendly. Our server was nice, but very pushy and not super subtle in his attempts to upsell us. Why would you ask if I want fois gras or pork belly with my fish? Who puts foie gras on fish? We were also interrupted in the middle of our entree when we were halfway through it to so that he could start trying to sell us on dessert. Can we just have a conversation? I understand that restaurants need to upsell given that I was a server at one point, but good restaurants find ways to do it at the right time and in subtle ways. This was our only meal in the Phoenix area so I have no idea whether that was the norm (I am guessing it is not). I guess the point is, I am sure the service could easily be improved upon by giving people a little more space and not making recommendations that make no sense in terms of taste combinations for the purpose of having me spend more money.Overall though, I would come back if I lived in the area. You may be asking how I came up with four stars here given the amount of criticism...my answer would be that the food quality to price ratio is great. The same entrees in most northeastern cities would be at least 5 or so dollars more.
4	Delicious pork shoulder tostadas!! Cocktails were unique and yummy. Pretzel chicken was verrrrry tasty too! Will definitely be back!!
5	When I first came to Pig & Pickle, I didn't know what to think of the menu. Now that I've been here a few times, I can definitely appreciate the approach that P&P takes to their food. I love the fact that it is always changing, and that it's fresh and different from most places in town.From what I've had here, I definitely recommend the pork shoulder tostadas and charcuterie to start out. If you're feeling adventurous, get the "pickled things".For entrees, the burger is always a safe choice but the mussels in white wine with chorizo really steals the show - my girlfriend has literally been quoted as saying, "I can't believe I'm eating mussels on Thomas and Hayden and actually loving it." Last night I had the pretzel crusted chicken breast with ratatouille - lawdy lawd it was good. What I will say is you absolutely CANNOT come here without ordering their "tots" on the side. These things are special, friggin' delicious, and always changing with their ingredients.Lastly, they have an event space for groups in the back which is nice, they post local art on the walls that you can buy which is cool, and they have a good happy hour. You can have a lot of the appetizers for $5 (including the tostadas and charcuterie) as well as some wine and cocktails for five bucks. Boo-yah.Yes, yes, and yes to Pig & Pickle.
5	Crazy good! We started with the pork belly and watermelon gazpacho. Both great! The heirloom tomatoes in both dishes cant be beat. So fresh and full of flavor. For dinner I had the duck leg with an added sunny side up duck egg on top. I can't tell you how awesome it was. They had a torchon de fois gras on the side... Omg. So creamy and dense. My husband had the grilled ribeye, med rare. Veryyyy good! Cooked perfectly and the scalloped potatoes with leeks was delicious. Will return for sure!
3	I ate here Sunday 8/4/2013I've debated writing reviews and decided to go ahead and start, as I find many useful.  I want to give this a 3.5 but it's not an option.I had porkbelly with heirloom tomatoes as an appetizer over boston bibb,  and Mussel with Creme fraiche and chorizo for the main coarse.My waiter was a little out to lunch, however, the guy who brought the water was very attentive and checked in on me.  I wish he got the entire tip.The food.  The tomatoes and dressing were awesome, the pork belly on it's own was decent but the tomato brought out the flavor.  It was like a fancy blt without the bread.  I like the chorizo because it seemed like it was locally sourced.  Not like the fatty chorizo at the buttcher shop in Charlotte.  The muscles seemed a tad overdone.  Overall, the combination was about $40 and the 3.5 rating reflects it was good, priced about right for what I would expect.  But  I wasn't wowed, which I want for any price point-  i.e. a $10 cubano for for lunch I'm trying to objectively compare it to the same price point and rate the flavor accordingly.So it was good.  I may try them again on my visit as the ribeye infused with truffles sounds pretty good, but I hope to be impressed on a second visit.
3	The food was very good. I ordered the pot roast sandwich and my sister had the vegan burger. The ambiance in the restaurant was good.  The server not so much!  He was very slow getting our order and had major attitude.
5	Returned for Sunday brunch with friends a couple weeks ago, and it was every bit as good as our first visit. Highly recommended.
4	Mamas yellow draft and awesome gin selection
5	What a great find! We started with two mega tater tots - which were awesome and a pickle plate. The pickle plate had everything on it from actual pickles to onions, eggs, beets and mushrooms. Very yummy.   I had a "dump truck" salad - I guess they call it that because everything is dumped in it. Delicious. For the main course I ordered the pot roast sammy minus the bread, so they served it in a cast iron pan. It was just great, huge portions. My husband enjoyed the beer selection and a juicy cheeseburger. The service was excellent, the restaurant was clean and everyone was friendly. We will return!
3	I went to Pig and Pickle tonight for one reason....to get the veggie burger with bacon....did I get that? nope.... When the BF and I got there, we realized it was happy hour and I could not resist 5$ plates. We asked the waitress what the best item on the happy hour menu was and she said the bahn mi.....I was skeptical because it had liver on it (eeeek), but decided to try it. It was actually fairly good! The pork was a little mushy and looked really gross, but the veggies added a good amount of flavor and crunch to the sandwich...I couldn't really taste the liver. After eating half this sandwich, there was no way I could get the burger....way too much food. So the BF and I decided to share a couple more happy hour items including the tacos and the beer cheese dip (much healthier and lighter, right? ha.) The taco was fairly disappointing because it had that same mushy pork on it with mushy refried beans and nothing crunchy to change the texture....just mush....not awesome. The beer cheese was ok, but again, had kind of a weird texture....it says it comes with things to dip in it which is 99% bread....not exactly what I expected. Overall, I just didn't think it was amazing, BUT I still want to give them another chance by trying a real meal here because I like that they use a lot of local ingredients and make a lot of their ingredients fresh (like bread and whatnot).
4	These guys know what they are doing. Awesome experience from beginning to end. I got to go pork crazy and my vegetarian girlfriend was able to have a great meal too. Stellar beer selection  Our sever went above and beyond what was expected. Just a wonderful experience all around.
5	Went here for my first time. The tostadas were outstanding my daughters veggie burger was excellent too!! ..... and you can add bacon for free. The service was excellent we sat at the bar and spoke with one of the owners Clayton. Definitely will go back here.
5	I had an early dinner here on 8/21. It was awesome. There was really fun music at a level that I could hear, but it didn't overwhelm me. There are televisions going, but I kept forgetting they were there. The staff is super friendly without me wanting to puke, and they are really knowledgable about the food. It's good to see that the people who work there, eat there. Really good sign. However, I hope that they don't eat there every day. The food is so rich! I'm going to make this a once a month stop. I'll get as big as a house if I try that. The beer? INCREDIBLE. If they have the Yeti- drink it. The food? Shut your whore mouth. It was SO good. They asked me if I had room for more, and I shed a single tear while asking for the check.
3	I was excited to have this place open literally across the street from my home. To be fair, I visited twice before writing a review. 1st visit was great; waiter was super friendly, attentive and helpful. With 5 of us in our party, we had plenty to sample and all was delish (pot roast sandwich, rock shrimp salad, pork belly, mussels etc). Fast forward to last night and this is where it goes from 4.5 stars to 3. I think this place has a case of identity crises. They need to figure out who they are, what they do well, and stick with it. As opposed to my first visit, last night's was disappointing: a frazzled somewhat disinterested waitress (even though the place was practically empty) as well as complete inconsistency in the food had me come to the decision that I am done with P & P for awhile. Food was barely warm, flavors were uninteresting, and all the shredded "meats" tasted the same with a somewhat mushy texture. I made the mistake of ordering the seared tuna and noodle salad. The tuna was cooked as opposed to seared and the dressing was flavorless. My mother and I both ordered the diver scallops in creamed corn "drizzled" in some sort of chili oil. My scallops, as an appetizer, had a ratio of chili oil completely different than my mother's (her scallops were swimming in chili oil). Again--consistency is a problem. In addition, I have decided that I don't care for the ambience of this place. I find it cold, sparse and somewhat of an afterthought. I couldn't help but notice that the laminate surface of a few of the tables is already peeling or breaking off around the corners. Yes, I am picky, but after receiving  $135 bill for 4 at happy hour and one drink per person, I think I have the right to be. Bottom-line: meh. I can live without this place. There are too many great places in Scottsdale to eat to settle for meh.
5	Service was great. Food amazing. We had the pork shoulder tostadas, bone marrow, and duck entree. Waitress was very knowledgable of food and had great recommendations. I would certainly return.
4	Somehow on the way to pick up sandwiches for dinner, we ended up at Pig & Pickle.  We should plan on sandwiches for dinner more often!There was quite the age range of customers which must be a testament to the quality of food.  I also must be in the upper range since I did notice it was extremely loud.  Definitely not a place for a quiet, romantic dinner.  But a great place for a great cocktail and equally great meal.I had to forgo the cocktail instead having a boring sparkling water with lime.  But I was pleased to see mussels on the menu which is one of my favorite lighter meals.  It was a decent sized portion for a modest price of $15.  Served in a rich and flavorful broth of white wine, tomatoes, and creme fraiche with plenty left for soaking into your bread (I ordered extra bread).  I did get a grain of sand in a couple of them, but overall it was a nice dish.My husband had the bone-in pork chop cooked perfectly with the slightest hint of pink still there.  He also gave a thumbs up to the accompanying succotash.  As for the oven roasted bone marrow he ordered, I did not go there.  It was a significantly smaller portion than served at Searsucker, but was also priced quite a bit lower at $9.  He did like it, however.I should also note, service was excellent!  In fact, all the servers seemed to be doing a great job!
5	Pig and Pickle never ceases to amaze me. The food is amazing and the specialty cocktails are amazingly concocted. Bottled beer selection is stellar and they have a few draft beer options  Staff is always friendly and you receive a warm welcome every time you walk through the front door. Food menu changes on a regular basis as the chefs like to keep the diners on their toes by providing new and exciting dining experiences. I'd strongly suggest the bone marrow and once you've finished the marrow wash it down with the bone marrow bourbon shot (just as Scotty the bartender!).
5	This is a place that does almost everything right.   I had an aper rye sour, the scallops and then the creme brulee.  Everything was awesome, drink menu is awesome, dinner menu is awesome.  Really friendly staff, too.  Not cheap, but really worth it.
5	I love this place. This is not a good place come if you;re on a diet.so far we tried,...Bone Marrow, pork shoulder tostada, rib eye steak----which was amazeballs--- stuffed tater tots, duck, and fried fish.I think I loved alll of these with the exception of the fried fish. It was crispy crunchy but there's so many better yummy things on the menu.the vibe is casual and service has always been great.the patio is petfriendly so you can bring your beloved furbaby here if you'd like!
5	I really liked this place. A friend took me here for dinner on a recent Friday night and we just loved everything. We sat near the bar, at a high table and ordered 5 things off the menu, mostly appetizers but one entree (the pot roast). We also had a salmon appetizer, a pickled appetizer plate, a cheese plate, charcuterie, and possibly one other item. I'm not doing them justice by listing them. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented, with interesting accoutrements accompanying them. And the ingredients were fresh--you can tell.Our waiter was wonderful. After asking about the beer on the menu, I decided to try the "surprise" beer of the moment. They open several kegs a day of different, miscellaneous beers, in addition to their impressive microbrew offerings. Turned out it was a beer I'd been wanting to try but there was only a tiny amount left on tap. The waiter gave me the last half-glass on the house, which was really very nice of him.With a $15 coupon, we couldn't go wrong. Even without a coupon next time, we still won't go wrong. I recommend this to people who want to try interesting meals with more than just the usual fusion, but real imagination.
5	Fantastic, food, service, and drinks. Cat is amazing. She is like the Superwoman of Pig and Pickle. Cat is always working hard, and taking care of the customers. She is the manager, and is so sweet everytime I dine there. The servers are very professional, and treat their customers like gold. I live so close, that I can even have a cocktail or two and just walk home. :P I had my first Mai-Tai there, and the bartender was so honored to make it for me. It is rare to meet such sincere people! The beany pie, and their tots are so good! I'd like to try their dessert soon, and their other vegetarian dishes. The food is reasonably priced, too! Obviously this is not a fast food joint, so it is going to be more expensive, because it is REAL food-(and fresh at that)! Your taste buds will definitely thank you for eating at Pig and Pickle!
5	Okay so I love this place. I live around the corner so I am there at least once a week and I think they know me by name which is slightly embarrassing. They have taken a quiet strip mall space and turned it into an amazing gastropub type restaurant. The ingredients are fresh, in season and local, they put tons of thought into the menu, the beer list is extensive and the old fashioneds make me feel like don draper in mad men. Try "the nancy" and the cheese plate is a must. Also attend happy hour here for great deals, I think it's from 4-6.
2	I arrived before my party, hungry. It was a Friday night, I was sat in a high top, near the bar. I ordered an app right away..a crispy rock shrimp($14). The remoulade was to die for, with diced kalamata. I ordered the ribeye with gratin potatoes for my entree ($27). My other 2 guests arrived, and ordered a burger, and 2 add ons of pork belly. Here's where it gets murky..one pork belly dish arrived, so we thought it was the two sides combined, then a few mins later, another small side appears, we send it back, because we thought we already had received ours, it turns out, when we get the check he rang us in for 2 pork belly appetizers (received only one app plate) I was trying to eat my ribeye, and explain to the server what had happened, (he seemed super busy, and impatient the whole experience, rushing my friends through their orders.) He took the app that we didn't order, or receive off, thankfully..but still charged us full price for the one we didn't order. The steak was great paired with the remoulade that I'm in love with, the gratin was cold in the middle. Sad. The service was rushed, and towards the end, the hostess approached us, and asked if we, meaning my friend and I would help her move our table, so the band could set up. She looked shocked when I simply replied "no". The place doubles as an art gallery, which is neat, but they were featuring about 4 different artists, with 4 different color schemes, and even varying styles. Pretty painful to the eye. All in all, it's an okay place set in a stip mall, decorated with the Sunday comics.
4	Huge fan of this place. Every time I go I always have a great meal. My favorites are the carnita tostadas with kimchi and of course the house pickle because of the pickled grapes. I will definitely keep returning
4	Happy hour provides nice value with filling, satisfying small plates: pork tostadas are incredible and have no comparison with a few of our fav Mexican eateries. We are keeping our fingers crossed not to get the waiter again who is skimping on hair ties.
4	Frigg'n awesome. PERIOD.
3	Ok I wanted to give this place more stars based on just looking at the menu, but either I may have ordered a couple of things that just didn't suit my fancy or it wasn't quite what I expected. Will be back to try again. Ordered the charcuterie plate which I thought would be meat, cheese, and bread, but no cheese was present.  I felt that this took away from the plate. There were two meats  that were good- but the rest unimpressive and due to strange textures of the meat, made me feel slightly ill. The pretzel bread and other breads were however delicious. Ordered the goat cheese with sour plums- lacked some flavor and once again the texture was unusual. Not bad, just not my favorite.  The pork burger was great- holy meat! Fries were delicious.  Restaurant was way too loud for my taste, until it got a little later in the evening. Servers were very attentive.
2	Tried this place last night, we live nearby. Not sure we will go back. The food was pretty good, we had  the hangar steak, and believe or not, the cook actually knew what "Medium Rare" meant. They also have bottled Coke from Mexico. The good ends there. After a loooooong look at the menu and wait for the server, and choosing the fish and chips (it was friday, after all) the server asked, "You came to pig and pickle for fish and chips?"  WHAT?  It's on the menu, so I cannot have it? He was a bit overbearing on suggestions, suggesting the Duck or Pork.  There was also too much "we serve locally sourced food, natural, blah blah blah. I'm all for supporting local farmers, and healthy ingredients, but we felt a little too "schooled." When we both chose the steak, We sort of were made to feel as if we made a stupid choice. The steak was very good, the meat had good flavor, but the portion of the sides was a bit small. You are gonna need a starter or a salad to get enough food. The dessert menu was carrot cake, chocolate, chocolate, and more chocolate. Too much of that. we went to Dairy Queen for Ice Cream after that. The odd menu changes every night too.  The prices were OK, but mixed drinks were $7-$10 and just plain weird.
5	It doesn't get better than Pig & Pickle...outstanding food , great service and good value without being pretentious. Pork belly tostadas...awesomeness! Smoked salmon stacked high in a latke...delicious! Gruyere with local honey, bee pollen and apricot jam was delightful. The wife loved the tostadas the she ordered them for her entree. The Apocalypse Sow was the best burger I have ever had...the ground pork, bacon and cheese was heavenly. Cod fish and tatters were very good. The s'mores dessert was worthy enough to go just for the desert.The hostess, the manager (Chris) and our server  (Justin)  provided outstanding service . They know how to make you feel welcomed and make it easy to want to come back again and again. I recommends everyone to go here!
5	I am a vegetarian so I was totally not wanting to try any place with "Pig" in it's name. I finally gave in and went with my boyfriend who had been wanting to try it out. I was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the salads are and there are quite a few dishes I could eat. Since trying this place we have gone back 4 times and it's only been a month. I love everything I have tried and so does my boyfriend. It's rare we find a place we can both enjoy.
5	What a great place. The food was delicious. I had the slow cooked pork sandwich and fries, which was a very yummy dish. The table had the pork belly appetizer with the heirloom tomatoes and bib lettuce, as well as the foie gras. I had never had foie gras paired with strawberries, but it was an amazing compliment. But truly the best part of the meal was the service. We let them know in advance that we were bringing in a couple to celebrate a special occasion, and they went out of their way to make that couple feel special. We will definitely be back!
4	Yummy stuff!  Great place for something a little different. Started with an appetizer of the Havarti cheese with honey, bee pollen, and apricot-vanilla jam. Nice start! I ordered the smoked pot roast sandwich with havarti, caramelized onions and horseradish and my foodie-buddy ordered the pork burger with bacon, aged cheddar and grilled onions.  We would have discussed our food experience, but our mouths were full and it wouldn't be polite  :)   We shared a S'more for dessert which was described as chocolate mousse on a graham cracker crust with toasted marshmallows. We were just a tad disappointed that the mousse was hard as a rock, so when you tried to cut into it, it flew off the plate, making a bit of a mess.  As it sat, it softened some and was a much more pleasant treat, but had to ask for a doggy bag as it was VERY rich.All in all, great food and good service. I would definitely return for another go.
4	My wife and I went here a few days go with a few friends for Restaurant Week.  We aren't the most adventurous foodies, but we decided to throw caution to the wind and give it a try.  After looking at their menu then thinking about the location of this place I was unsure what to expect.  You normally don't see this type fancy foodie cuisine in South Scottsdale and I was pleasantly surprised.  Almost everything I tried was very good.  The service was equally as good as our server was fast and friendly.  The prices, on the other hand, were a bit high I thought.* Bread plate to start = very good.  The pretzel bread was awesome but so were the other few types of bread on there.  But WHY do they feel the need to charge $3 for it?  Having to pay for bread really pisses me off.  That is like paying to refill a soda.* Pork shoulder tostadas = very good* Iceberg wedge = very interesting and very good* Braised duck = tender, juicy, and very delicious.* Pretzel crusted red bird chicken = this was just ok.  It wasn't very flavorful and you really couldn't tell it was crusted with their homemade pretzel bread.* Stoney bah-loanie = very interesting but just ok - a bit too bitter for me* Moscow mule = pretty good but their homemade ginger beer made this one need to be sweeterAll-n-all this is a pretty decent place with great food.  The scene is a bit too foodie-hipsterish for me with all the farm-to-table bs, not having fountain drinks, charging for bread, etc.  However, I give this place a lot of credit for trying something new in an area that has seen nothing like it before.
5	Pig & Pickle --- simply fabulous! I enjoyed every moment with two good friends last night. We shared various items on the Happy Hour menu: Pork Shoulder Tostadas. 'dump truck' salad, Beer Cheese and Bread & the tasty Creamy Broccoli and Brown Ale Soup with Wisconsin Cheddar & Bacon. Great Food, Friends, Conversations & Laughs. I understand why Pig & Pickle was voted by readers in the New Times Best of Phoenix 2013 in the categories of Best Late Night Nosh & Best Happy Hour. Great staff as well. This will definitely be at the Top of my Favorites List. Cheers***
5	very tasty food and generous portion size. Efficient and pleasant staff. My spouseenjoyed an excellent beer. This was our second visit and we went for "restaurant week"It was a very pleasant dinner and I highly recommend this restaurant
2	It was restaurant week so we got booted to the outside at 5pm, which I think my cousin got bit by a scorpion something, which I'm so glad my baby didn't. Her skin puffed up. It was really bad..To the food...(happy hour by the way too)The food is that asian/mexican fusion with tacos, etc that just didn't impress me because it's become the norm. My stomach starting hurting afterwards and I had to drink a lot of water. Overall, I just wasn't wowed and my cousin landed in the urgent care = deal breaker
4	I am now a fan and I think weekly how I can go back.The outside stipmall appearence does no good service to the fine establishment.  The interior was much cleaner and refreshing.  Tables are not overly stacked next to each other, noise level was very manageable. We went for happy hour and were not disappointed.  Great Pork Shoulder tostadas.  Charchouterie was a nice touch.  The prosecco gazpatcho(sp?) soup was a disappointment.  The breads and beer cheese were wonderful.We will be back.
5	Host staff wasn't so great but Christina who showed up mid conversation told us to get a table to get water while we waited for our to go food. We ended up eating our soup in the restaurant mom and I shared the bacon, Wisconsin cheddar, broccoli soup. It was absolutely amazing. I'd advise on sharing it because it was very rich. Christina told us to get the carrot cake but we were so full we got it to go. I'm normally a chocolate person but our server said she is too but loves the carrot cake! It was freaking delicious!!!
2	It wasn't the food selection for me. Very little to choose from on menu even when it came to big.... I wasn't a fan of "A giant piece of bacon." The girl and I will not go back because of the menu selection. I don't mind pig but the menu didn't offer much to my girl's or my tastes.PRO: Has Mercenary IPA and other great drinks to choose from!!!           Great Service and interesting atmosphereCON: Menu did not fit me even though I would eat a pig.
4	A fairly eclectic menu featuring items such as pork liver, braised pork shank, and pork belly, Pig and Pickle is a porcine charm. If you like whiskey, Pig features a selection of over fifty (rough guess) types of spirits including unique ryes that'll produce a Manhattan cocktail reminiscent of a Wall Street watering hole. The patio is noisy due to its open access to Thomas Road. On this night, everyone seated on the patio nearly jumped out of their chairs at the sound of skidding tires thinking an accident was in progress.  Shortly after, a loud boom from across the street, likely a car backfire, but nerve shattering nonetheless. Throughout dinner, the evening was littered with annoying roadway distractions, not fun. My advice? Don't opt for the patio no matter how loud the climate inside. Service was stellar, with the waiter offering helpful tips, advice on how things are prepared and how many servings to expect from various appys. Prompt, courteous, and seemingly well trained. I had a pork shank accompanied by yams. The yams were a bit spicy but not too, just enough to add a spectacular flavor and wake up your taste buds. Unexpected and flavorful surprise for the non-yam enthusiast. Pig and Pickle has done a good job with everything we experienced save for some type of barrier between the patio and the roadway to help with noise abatement.
5	I don't have a lot of reviews but I've eaten A LOT fantastic food. I had literally one of the best meals I've had in a long time and amongst a lot of trendy foodie oriented places. dump truck salad + charcuterie + bahn mi+ seared carrot cake= heaven! everything was great but the carrot cake is not just the best dessert I've ever had but a fantastic dish sweet or savory . oh did I say the service was perfect?
5	One of our favorite spots. The Pig & Pickle is always a great dinning experience. While the menu is always evolving, the staple dishes are always awesome. The P&P is a great spot for a client dinner, a night out with family and friends, or simply for a quick bite. Don't skip the Pork shoulder tostadas or the Apocalypse Sow burger. Enjoy!
4	Unassuming from the parking lot, this vibrant local hangout is definitely worth checking out. We stopped in on a weeknight and found the place buzzing with activity. The atmosphere was great and the locals and first timers seemed to mix well.The beer list is great, and the variety and creativity of the mixed drink list is intriguing too.
5	I'm still dreaming of the Waffle with the maple glazed brisket and two sunny side eggs. Yum! I had my waffle with the crispy bacon mixed in, and OH MY FEISTY YUM!! Yes, get it with bacon, it makes it that much better, and scrumptious! Service was on point, water was always refilled and I'm coming back for the mussels and creme fraiche plus more good eats!
5	I fell in love with this place. Though I was a bit skeptical when I arrived as it is part of a strip mall next to a Hungry Howie's and, I think, an auto shop. That being said, when you step into their doors you're in an environment worlds away from your typical strip-mall restaurant and feel more like you're in a warm/welcoming gastropub. My girlfriend and I decided to try this place out 100% for our first time (appetizer, entree, dessert, and cocktails.) Our server was fantastic and did a great job explaining/recommending everything. What really caught my attention was the fact that almost everything aside from the meat and greens they make in-house (sauces, aiolis, ect)... Including their own whiskey! And what they don't make in-house mostly comes from local suppliers and farmers. Based off the ethics and focus on quality here, I was already almost sold. But one thing remained; actually tasting the stuff... So onto the food n' drink... We started with the pork belly/bok choy appetizer, and it was flawless; perfectly cooked, sauced to perfection (tasted a bit like a BBQ sauce with a bit of ginger to it), and complimented wonderfully by the vegetables that accompanied. The server recommended the pork belly over the bone marrow (which I'm sure is also delicious) and for that, I thank him. While enjoying a fantastic appetizer, we enjoyed our equally fantastic cocktails; I got the Amish Mule made with their house-made apple bourbon which was absolutely great. My woman got what I think was called their "Stunt Cocktail" in which all ingredients were made/aged in-house (though I cant remember what the ingredients were, but it was delicious nontheless.) Next, the entrees... I got the pork shank with yam puree & bacon greens and it was perfect! The server told me it looked like caveman food when I ordered it, and that is a spot-on description (Warning: very generous portion.) It really did look like a leg of dinosaur that you'd see Fred Flintstone eating in an old cartoon. The pork was fall-off-the-bone-tender and smokey with a nice crust on the outside. Accompanied with a spicy yam puree, which only added to the outstanding flavor of the pork. My girlfriend got the Hanger Steak, which she absolutely loved. Now dessert... Based off the great quality of everything we had consumed thus far, it was a bit of a challenge trying to decide which of the desserts we wanted to try (as I can only imagine they'd all be worth the while.) So I played it safe and ordered the seared carrot cake, and my girl "the Elvis". The carrot cake was amazing; seared with a goat cheese whip on top (unbelievably tasty), accompanied by golden raisins and a black pepper/caramel drizzle (the black pepper caramel was a surprisingly perfect marriage of flavor). If you like traditional carrot cake, you'll like this more.I tried some of "The Elvis" as well; a bit on the "adventerous" side of dessert, from what I remember it was peanut butter cheesecake with house-made strawberry spread, caramelized banana, and bacon (I think). I only had a few bites, and it was good but VERY sweet. My woman loved it. I'd recommend it to anyone with an undying sweet tooth. So, in conclusion, I believe this place deserves 5 stars and a try from all unapologetic carnivores who appreciate a quality cut of meat and everyone who wants to enjoy a well-priced QUALITY meal while supporting local business/farmers.
5	Best spot in Scottsdale period. Clayton and Scotty handle the bar extremely well. They offer an excellent array of hand crafted cocktails, craft beer, and wine on tap. No bullshit, they are some of the best in the business. Keenan and Josh run the kitchen. From the countless times I have dined here, I cannot find one complaint. It is a restaurant that makes it very difficult to try the same thing twice, as you want to try something different every time. My personal favorites have been the Apocalypse sow, smoked salmon app, and anything involving pork belly. They absolutely crush it. Fresh, local, and unique cuisine is offered on the daily. Find out when they offer beer pairing dinners. They provide you with a chance to try some awesome food, paired with chronic brews. Seats run out quick, so jump on them when you can. This is my favorite restaurant. Try it.
4	Not bad, good for fried food. Heavy food but well made . The tater tits are awesome. Nice patio .
4	Had dinner there last night and the food was outstanding!  we started with the house made charcuterie, pickles and bread.  YUM!!  The different jams were delicious.  I had the apocalypse sow and could not finish it!!  I wanted to but alas I was done!  They have a good selection of beer and wine to go with your mean.  Our server Steve was great and knew the menu very well!  And for bonus points the place is open late!!!!
4	We love this neighborhood restaurant! The chefs come up with some amazing combinations that are fresh and unique. I love how they have a different tater tot every day. I've never had a bad one! The pork belly tostada is delicious and I love the kimchi on it. I wish they were open for lunch. I'm glad to see all the positive reviews... Hopefully that means this restaurant will be around for a while!
5	Always a 5-star experience! This place is a foodie's dream - decadent but light, incredible flavors you wouldn't ordinarily mix, and phenomenal service. Overall, excellent every time - and not just for meat eaters. My husband and I eat fish but no other meat, an we always have delicious choices.
3	The pork shoulder tostadas were delicious!The servers were very nice but forgot to bring a few things we had asked for. I was almost done with my meal by the time he came back to even bother asking again. Oh well!!! Everyone seemed to think their dinner was just ok.  Drinks sound amazing but were kinda bland.  To the end the night my seat outside was covered in ants!!!!
4	I have been to the Pig and Pickle a couple of times now. The first time I ordered the dump truck salad as I am not a meat eater but my friend was. The salad was fresh and large and the dressing was fresh as well. My friend had the Pot Roast sammie which he stated was very good. The service was very good  although it was restaurant week, we were able to get in and out in a timely manner. I went again last night with my brother I decided to try the vegetarian burger which came with fries, it was very good and flavorful with some fresh veggies on top and good temperature the fries were hot and fresh as well. My only complaint would be the fries were extremely salty. I used the hot sauce to tone down the salt a bit. I am a type of person that will not send food back for any reason, and we were also in a hurry. My brother ordered the Pot Roast and he stated that this was very good. We did not order drinks but I have had their drinks in the past which is a good selection of wine and beer. For the price you get good service and food, my only suggestion would be is to not add any salt to the fries and have salt and pepper on the tables along with serving the condiments with the food so the wait staff does not have to make several tips for condiments along with not having to wait to eat your food waiting for the condiments. For vegetarians they have the nancy'...brie, avocado, tomato and shaved red onion on garlic rubbed bread ,the dump truck salad and  the vegetarian burger. Not too many choices but at least you can find something on the menu.
2	My friend and I were pretty disappointed. Everything sounded so great and unique, but my mussels with chorizo just tasted burnt...I'm not even sure how you would burn something like that, but I digress. I can't even remember what my friend ordered, but again, it was something that appealed to our foodie sense on paper, but was nothing too special in actuality. Too bad...
5	We tried the pork belly. Albondagas soup and the broccoli cheese soup. The were all very good. I did not realize the soup came in two sizes. $5 was the small. Wish I had gotten the large but I just ate some of hubbies pork belly, wishing I had ordered some of my own. Pork belly and soup were enough for a good meal unless you are a big eater.
5	Such a great place!  We stopped by this afternoon during happy hour and brought our furry friend to enjoy the dog friendly patio.  The space both indoor and out is great...good vibe to it and super friendly staff!  The beer, wine and cocktail list is quite extensive and extremely reasonable during happy hour from 4-6pm.  The tots are a must try too...today's flavor was beef and broccoli...yum!  It was such a nice touch that our server brought our pup her own bowl of water and two homemade peanut butter and bacon dog cookies shaped like bones...they had me from the get go with a move like this!
5	Had a fantastic experience tonight.  Sat at the bar and ordered from the happy hour menu.  The food was unique and tasty.  The pork tostadas were our favorite.  The cocktails were flavorful and not overly sweet.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  The service was outstanding.  The bartender, Scott, introduced himself, asked our names and thanked us by name at the end of our meal.  He recommended the Mississippi Mudd cake with bacon.  Wow!!  It was out of this world!  Extremely impressed by the service as well as the food.  Great overall experience and I would highly recommend it to others.
5	I are here a few nights ago and I was really pleased with everything. The ambiance and lighting is really nice for dinner, and the concept is simple and unique. I had the mussels with chorizo and they were amazing. Will definitely be back to try some of their whiskey they have a really extensive selection.
5	Went here last night for the first time and had a fantastic experience. We tried 4 different drinks off their lengthy cocktail menu and were pleased with all of them...try the bee sting! The duck leg was outstanding and my friend enjoyed his pork burger as well. The only thing that was better than our food & drinks was the service...our server Eric was spot on! The place is well staffed and the hostess was super friendly. Couldn't ask for more from a first experience. There's no question I'll be back to try the bone marrow!
5	Most people over the age of 21 have had some sort of sexual experience.  By themselves, with someone else....Whatever.The reason I mention this is that the food here has been so good in my experience, my taste buds have exploded with extacy.  The pork shoulder tostadas, the almost fist sized appetizers labeled as tots that are wrapped in potato and have such wonderful, ever changing goodies that taste so good.  The menu items and Facebook hidden finds that are so delicious that you almost want to BEG for more.  Add yummy beers and drinks, wonderful staff, this place is a foodies wet dream.  Perverse perhaps, but all too true.  If you LOVE food, you will live and die by this place.  No joke.  It is THAT good.  If I won the lottery I'd be here daily.  As a mook down on his luck, once in a blue moon is a dream come true.  Cheers!  Have a meal here and tell em Trunker sent you.  They may be kind.
5	Great service and good food!!! Try the tots.... We had chicken and green chilies.  Tostados are a must!!!! So good with the ginger! The appocolips sow burger was also good... A little salty but very good!!! We wanted to try dessert but couldn't because we were so full!!!
5	We have been back two more times...both times for Sunday brunch! WOW! Great choices...the menu changes but I have had their eggs benedict and a fabulous omelet. And $5 mimosas....what is not to like?
5	Love this place! I have had a lot of stuff here and nothing fell short of amazing!  Love the staff also.  If you have not been here your life is not complete. You will not be disappointed.  I read some of the negative reviews and I just don't know how anyone has anything bad to say about the food or drinks. Also it is a must to go for brunch sometime.  Ok I am done.  But seriously eat here!
5	First and foremost I have been here many times and it wasn't until now I have felt compelled to write a review. To sum it up in one word...awesome.Secondly, each time I have been here the food has been delicious, and that's a huge understatement. The food is very unique and the flavored are amazing and mesh well. They have these items called Tots which are filled with something new daily, one time it was this pineapple mixed with something exquisite served with a dipping sauce (this time was nacho cheese dipping sauce.)  Side note, try the seared carrot cake with bacon on top, only if you want the best thing you have ever indulged on in your life. The food alone deserves five stars but I will not end there. Lastly, the service is beyond five star. Every time, no exaggeration, every time I have been here the service is amazing. Unbelievably helpful staff, very accommodating and knowledgeable about their food. I brought my dog on the most recent visit (Great Dane/Lab mix) which is a large dog, and the staff was very welcoming of him. From feeding him homemade dog treats to moving heaters around to ensure our comfortability.All in all one of my favorite places to visit in Scottsdale.  I just stumbled upon this amazing place one night and now I frequently cost because it's as close to perfect as perfect can get.
5	P & P is a foodie place. The speciality, as the name suggests, is meat, particularly pork. The pork shoulder tostadas with kimchi are to die for: fluffy, moist, perfectly seasoned. The pulled pork melts in your mouth and kimchi topping is the perfect accompaniment. There are two per serving, and with the side order of Dump Truck Salad--a generous serving of fresh greens with seeds of and vinaigrette dressing, you have a perfect small meal. Amazing deals during 4-6 happy hour and late night menu (10pm-2 am) on both food and drink (tostadas are always on the menu). Other favourites: pork belly tacos, vegetarian burgers, regular burgers (they bake they own buns, and those are brioche buns!!). There is an ample selection of boutique beers and drinks made with freshly squeezed juices and home-made spirits. Definitely order seared carrot cake dessert with chevre whip topping. Worth the trip from anywhere in Phoenix.
5	I've been there twice. Once as just a regular patron. I found the food so good that we decided to have our office Xmas party here.  The second time was with 12 people in the private back room.  The meal was stupendous, the service fantastic and the evening couldn't have gone any better.  This is just a wonderful, unpretentious jewel in Scottsdale.
4	Pretty awesome beers! Food is really different. Get the Tostadas!! They are good, great price too. Went there for my 40th birthday. We had a really a good time.
5	if you like PORK, stop here; Pork Shank, Pork Belly, Pork Burger....it goes on and on..my buddy was here on Wednesday, the 11th, and we came back on the 13th....Niman Ranch pork is featured heavily...but do not MISS the:Duck Fat Fried, French Fries....only available after 10....Christina was an amazing server: beautiful, funny, and so knowledgeable about the menu; ask for the owner, Keenan, to come out, a real true original...Can not say enough; don't pass up the Elvis Dessert..Happy holidays!!
4	I met up with a good buddy of mine for a little catchup, a little ambience, and some yummy food.  We were excited to try this place for the first time so here's how it turned out:Great parking was a pleasant surprise when we arrived at 6 on a Friday night.  I live in Central Phoenix so hardly ever encounter that treat.Got there before my buddy and was warmly greeted before being seated.  The interior was lovely, warmly lit, and had a nicely-moderated noise level (another pleasant surprise).  The patio had gas heaters and some comfortably upholstered seating so we settled in to get caught up.I'm on a bourbon kick right now so my server recommended a delicious cocktail.  It also had Rye in it and was pink.  Yummy!  My pal had something equally delish with gin and blackberry.  Equally delish!This joint has some signatures, one of which is tater tots.  The selection on Friday had baked beans with a side of barbecue sauce.  Wow, they are just yummy!We both ordered a sandwich based on our server's suggestion.  It was a kind of pork burger, covered with bacon, and it was good.  My only quibble is that it seemed overly salty to me and may benefit from toppings that balance the pork out a bit.We both had the fries and our server brought us both ketchup and barbecue sauce for dipping.  A nice gentleman came out to ask about our experience and he seemed genuinely interested in our feedback.So....the next visit will be focused on tots, pink drinks, and a new treat.  I'm looking forward to it!
5	Oh my goodness,  that was a culinary experience.  It's our last night in Scottsdale and after 10 pm. My husband says,  "I'm going to go get some food"  I told him that I wasn't hungry and to not get anything for me and I might just take a few bites of whatever he gets. Well, he knows me better than that, and brought home four boxes of food. We got the tot of the day which was a very good start to the meal followed by 1 order of the tongue pastrami sandwich and one order of the pork burger. The burger is called apocalypse sow. Hehe. I'm not really a fan of tongue so pastrami sandwich, while very good isn't something that I would order myself. The burger, however, was freaking fantastic! I have to say, I've never had a more balanced or better burger. It wasn't even beef! How can I dare say this? It was just that damn good. Soft bread, delicious caramelized onions, homemade bacon, that itself was to die for, and a deliciously seasoned patty. The best.I would actually consider coming back to Scottsdale just eat this burger.
5	Holy pork. I'm laying here on the couch writing this review on my phone because I'm too full to move. We are staying at a nearby hotel and wanted something good but take-out friendly. Looking at their menu and yelp reviews, I was reminded of the Salty Sow in Austin, one of our favorite places. I ordered a couple of tots, the Apocalypse Sow burger, beef tongue Reuben. and seared carrot cake. Tots and Reuben were excellent but the burger and carrot cake really stole the show because they were a notably different and superior version of something I've eaten a thousand times.  The ground pork of the Apocalypse Sow had a soft texture with a lot of flavor, and the bacon and caramelized onions worked well together.  Each ingredient was well executed, and even the accompanying pickle was delicious.This carrot cake was actually pretty dark and thick, like a brownie consistency and not just your run-of-the-mill carrot cake slapped on a flat top.  I was hesitant to order it because of the whipped goat cheese (I usually don't like it), but the friendly and knowledgeable bartender talked me into it and I'm very glad I got it.  My favorite part of carrot cake is a real cream cheese frosting, and this did not disappoint in terms of creaminess or flavor. The candied carrots added a nice crunch factor.We're already considering stopping by on the way to the airport tomorrow, if I'm able to eat again by then.
5	Awesome service.  The pork belly is so delicious, its ridiculous.  They make these tots with different ingredients everyday.  Ive had some with corned beef and cabbage, some with hot dogs and smoked gouda, and some other ones with like bleu cheese and bacon.  Best tater tots I have ever had.  They have an eclectic little stoner menu for late nights that is priced pretty well.  I suggest you smoke a j and head out here at like 11.  There is a patio outside and you can eat and smoke out there.  This place rocks.  Its definitely a cool kid spot.
3	This place is awesome. I had the cheese plate and mussels. The mussels were great until I had a bad one from the batch. I guess that's what can happen but it put a bad taste in my mouth for a couple hrs. Maybe a warning label???? Other than that I would go again but try something different
1	Service and staff were great. Very friendly and accommodating. However, The food was awful! The atmosphere was "OK" for the prices I expected a Lil more elegant space... From the outside it seems upscale, on the inside it feels like a comfortable dive type bar. Seems as though they're trying to create an upscale menu for "Scottsdale", but falls short in atmosphere, location and food. The fish was a small portion and a bit over cooked, the burger had a burnt grill taste and no mayo in the building??? and the Fries were WAAAAY overdone. When  we asked about it they said they were supposed to be that way... double fried :/ Yuck, and completely Inedible. Few beers on tap, and the four peaks beers come in a CAN... and it was Gross! Possibly there are other items on the menu that would be better But We are unwilling to give them another try at those prices. My suggestion is don't waste your money, there are better options in Scottsdale for price, atmosphere and comfort ability
4	P&P saved us weary travelers by being open Xmas Eve. Very friendly service, great split pea soup (which could have been hotter temp wise) and great pork carnitas with pickled veg. Burgers were good but not exceptional. Nice spot overall and a good location.
5	Reserved the private room for a Christmas party for 16 people.  It was perfect.  The menu selections were excellent and the manager was a pleasure to work with to plan the party.  The huge hit of the night was the pork tostadas - it was served as an appetizer but I could have been satisfied just eating that for my whole dinner.  Service was great.  House made cocktails were delicious.
4	There's lots of great reviews.  I just want to addBest MaiTai I have had in Arizona. EVER.
5	This joint blew me away. It had a fresh vibe to it without being pretentious in the least. Our server Ryan S was laid back and fun with just the right amount of attentiveness. We had two coherent sammies, the apocalypse sow and madam croquet. They were also heaven on bread. Robust and complex but not overly done. Can't wait to go back!!
5	We trusted fellow Yelpers and we were not disappointed. This place was fabulous and we will eat here on future trips to Scottsdale. Great craft beers. We had wood oven roasted bone marrow and dump truck salad. Entrees were delish, too. We can't wait to try the Sunday brunch.
3	Food was ok but I expected a bit better. Ordered the pork burger and it was overflowing with ground pork - way too much. Salt overload. Fries weren't very good.  Cocktail was watered down and a rip off. An old-fashioned is not supposed to be as clear as water. I did see other things on the menu I'd like to try, but I think I'll stay away from cocktails and pork burger next time.
4	TO DIE FOR!!!! Place to go for a cheat meal!!! Talk about comfort food... I wish this place's atmosphere was nicer the food is surprisingly very gourmet and well thought out menus, service is excellent but the atmosphere is a little low budget... But still I enjoyed my experience here several times, not a place you want to go on a first date but more like the place you want to go with your best friend to pig out.. List of recommendations -The seared Carrot Cake. (pure orgasum in your mouth) -Macaroni and cheese (three cheese delight) - Tator tots (addictive)
5	Late night munchies? Need something sweet? Carrot cake extraordinaire! Lots of other wonderful things on the menu . . . but I just couldn't get past what wonderful things can be done to a lowly carrot. (Can I tell you I wanted to lick the plate?)Watch out for the Bee Sting! It is appropriately named. Another great place that I knew nothing about. Geez. Thank goodness for friends who know all the best spots to indulge.
4	Holy wow! This restaurant is just a couple miles from my house, but I avoided it thinking it was some "hipster, fruiffy food" joint. Well, it kind of is, LOL. But SO delicious! From the decor to the food to the staff, everything about this place has made me a regular customer. Not somewhere you want to go if you're super-picky (you know who you are, "I wanna substitute everything" folks), but if you've got working taste buds, you are in for a treat. I had the Apocalypse Sow burger..... *drool* The french fries are some of the best I've had. My 2 year old loved the grilled cheese sandwich and (aside from the lack of a changing table in the bathroom), it was super family-friendly. They've got a bar set off to the side with two flatscreens to watch the games, and their drink menu is twice the size of their dinner menu, haha. Add a sweet side patio for outdoor dining, and it couldn't get much better than this!
4	This place is good.  Think it would do better if it was in a better location.  Food is good service was good. I'd come back again.
4	This is a cute little spot and much different than what I expected.  It has the laid back vibe of a BBQ joint, but with a dash of class. :)  It was my first time there and unfortunately I had already eaten dinner.  Although I had already eaten I was not too shy to pick off of a friends plate. He had some sort of pork shank with mashed potatoes and kale, the kale was amazeballs!!!  I tried a bite of the snapper and just before I say something, I don't really care for fish.  The snapper wasn't fishy and had a lot of great flavor.  For those who don't typically eat fish let me warn you....it still had a head....like, with eyes and lips. :-o (similar to that.)The bartender just so happened to also be....one of the owners. :)  He was very knowledgeable when it came to wine, mixing drinks, whiskey, bourbon...truthfully, I think he just knows his alcohol.  He was really friendly and chatty, but not too chatty. ;)  He made my friends a few mixed drinks recommended by him, they loved them all.  I stuck with the wine because I know I enjoy that stuff every time. Overall, it was a great experience it's too close to my house to not go back for a nice happy hour.  I recommend if you haven't been to at least try it out for some drinks and munchies.
2	Yikes!  Please allow 2+ hours for dining service...The food is decent and the beer and wine selection is very good however I think the service needs a little attention.  There experience we had there was just... odd.  From the host taking our name for the wait (quoted 25; waited 45 - I get that it's an estimation, just communicate this with the guests).  There was a back room not being used for guest seating and someone had to bring us some chairs because my family and I were sitting up against a wall waiting for our table - the most odd thing about that was that was a perfect spot for some more tables and seating.  I've been there 2 times now and I really would like a good place to thrive there - I hope this feedback is some help...
4	The food was delicious! I had the hanger steak and Tony had the clams. He ate every single one!
5	I came here for the first time with my mom and my boyfriend based off a review in the Phoenix New Times. Right off the bat I loved this place. The decor is so cute, there are many pigs and pickles hanging around the dining room and the kitchen is open to the dining area which I love. Since my first time I've been here more than I can count and each time I've had the best food and have been waited on by the most knowledgeable and friendly staff ever. The food here changes with the seasons and they offer fresh and local dishes which is refreshing since I like to try new things. Honestly you could get anything on the menu and it will be the most delicious thing you've eaten.
3	Stopped by for brunch during the marathon. The food was alright; they really push the booze, however. Good for some, less for others.
5	There are so many places with great food in Scottsdale but few with the service that you get here.  Everyone treats you like a VIP
2	Don't get it. For a carne-based gastropub, the best menu item was our salad (which was much too large... over-compensating?).  Everything else was quite forgetable. Much better food at Salty Sow.
5	Delicious does not even begin to describe the delights that await you at Pig & Pickle. Great service, hip vibe, and YUM food. Pig delivers the Pig!! We enjoyed the charcuterie, the bone marrow, the pork tacos, the duck-fat fries, and the lovely libations. To say that we'll be back is an understatement. We'll be back about a hundred times every time we're cravin' bacon!!
5	Great setup in unassuming part of south Scottsdale.  Beer selection amongst the best I've seen.  Ambiance and service was top notch.  If you like great food(ie) food at a great price, live music and nice people give this place a try.
5	I came here with my parents and a friend, and we loved it! The croque madame with tater tots were amazing, although the tots were not a traditional deep fried potato tot, but more of a fried ball of mashed potatoes with hot dog somewhere in the mix. And, of course, being from California, we had to get TWO orders of foie gras (because it's illegal here), but so worth it. The bone marrow and lardo on toast were both very good, but what really stood out was the duck leg. My parents and I are hardcore foodies and it's hard to find duck that isn't dry and overcooked, but they did great! Overall, great staff and food, will definitely come back the next time we're in Arizona.
5	We always have such a great experience here!  My husband and I stopped in and ordered fairly simple dishes, but the food had that amazing foodie wow factor.The dump truck salad was super simple - greens, sliced cauliflower, sliced carrots, baby tomatoes, radishes with a light, fresh dressing that added to the effect.  It was so fresh, it tasted like we were eating on a farm!  Perfect to split. The Friday fish fry (available all week) - their version of fish and chips - was some of the best I've ever had.  The descriptions of panko breading and vinegar flavor on the fries drew us out of our usual no-fry ordering.  Wow, this did not disappoint - fish cooked to perfection, bursting with light, fried flavor and the fries were lovely, as well!Hurry in because the menu changes frequently, and this dish is worth the trip.  Ooh, and the service was impeccable, as usual!
5	I will try not to gush.  Early Valentines Day dinner with Spousal Unit. Pig & PIckle was his idea - all I thought was "oh, no, not another BBQ joint".  PRAYER ANSWERED!!  Definitely NOT another "anything" this place is UNIQUE.1. Public parking lot - No valet YAY huge plus!2. Open floor plan, comfortable space between tables - full view of kitchen which is like watching a silent culinary opera, those guys are inspired (and quiet!)3. Old Skool Cocktail menu - THANKS for the inspiration, I am terrible at ordering cocktails unless prompted by a creative menu listing.  I got something with Gin & Absinth in it and it complemented my meal perfectly!French Press Coffee.  I'm a believer now, so fresh it made my tastebuds smile.Carrol Cake.  It's a deconstructed, fresh ingredient, dessert experience.Pork Tostado Starter.  and Finisher. and In-Betweener.  We could make a meal of this item. The pork is almost creamy and the kimchi is nicely handled!Tot O' The Day -  a creamy crusty ball of potato love.He had a pork burger? with bacon? and cheese? what's not to love, something about the way his eyes rolled back in his head told me it was a culinary win!and finally..............Duck on cassoulet. Scrumptious.  Took the advice of my server to add the Foie Gras.  Oh My.  My Oh My. Yes.Service was attentive, not pretentious, friendly, helpful - these people love their menu and We Do Too.  EAT LOCAL!  DRINK OLD SKOOL COCKTAILS!
4	Very decadent!We loved everything we had (except for the rocky road dessert).The casoulet was perfect.The fish and chips were a little too simple for me. I would have preferred a true tartar sauce rather than the basic mayo I got.The apocalypse sow burger was very tasty.
4	I love this restaurant.  Been here twice and everything we had was delicious.  Portions are on the larger size.  Prices are reasonable.  Food is fresh and always well prepared.  The bread board is a NOT MISS.  I'm also a big fan of the smoked salmon app on the oversized tater tot.  Their tater of the day is fun, cheap, and worth a try.  When we ordered a side of bacon, they literally brought out a PLATE full of it.  For $3.  SCORE!!Now taking reservations for parties of 5 or more!
2	The service is very slow.  Takes a while before they acknowledge you even.  The bartender is quite "full of himself".  Asked for a gin called #209 and he scoffed and said it was not worthy of their drink program.  Since we live close by I asked if he would bring it in....long stare and a flat "NO" and then he walked away.  tisk-tisk  I am the one paying the bill.  Put me off and no desire to return.  Their Mai Tai was expensive but  pretty tasty.  The food is creative, too bad it is being ignored due to lousy service and huffy head-bartenders.
5	I want to go back and see if my second time in the restaurant is as good as the first because if it is I may never eat anywhere else. From appetizers to dessert everything was mouth watering. Comfort food at its finest.
5	This place is my jam. It's fantastic. Excellent cocktails awesome food. Ownership is amazing and the staff loves their jobs. It's at the top of my list for gastro pub dining in Phoenix. Get the five cheese plate and add foie gras, and the aper rye sour is out of this world!
5	Amazing food amazing service lovely craft beer options we will be back every time we are in Scottsdale. Kudos to you guys you are doing it right As a side note we had the shredded pork tostada added pork bellysmoked salmon brussel sprouts pot roast sandwich Friday night fish fry Nancy sandwich burger and several beers all of which was amazing
5	I have been four times since my original 4 star review.  This is now my go to spot to bring visitors from out of town.Still, the strip mall appearence on the outside is the only distraction.  Once you go through the doors, it is a culinary explosion in your mouth.  Great food, well thought out.  I am big fan of pigs and pickles and they do not fail to deliver here.  I have even been for a beer 4 course meal that was fun and adventerous.I am heading there tonight to take my mother for her fiirst stop.TIP - leave room for dessert, they have some wonderful creations.
5	The food is eclectic, original, flavorful and never disappointing. The dump truck salad, the duck confit poutine, the pickled everything...all amazing. The servers are fun and knowledgeable, the bartenders have a heavy hand (who doesn't love that!), they're open late and the atmosphere is laid back. All great things in a restaurant. If you decide to try this place, order their carrot cake for dessert. You'll being sending me a thank you message!
1	We had heard great things about this place so were excited to give it a try. Unfortunately it was one thing after another. - Bored hostess could barely summon the Energy to welcome us.- A server that had paid no attention to our table and when he did seemed to be very distracted. - Over hyped tater tots were average at best. - Slow roasted pork was bland and without any typical characteristics that we were looking forward to. - Tasteless fish and chips. I know the fish isn't meant to be that strong a flavor but you're meant to taste something right?- White wine that came out tepid and once cheap wine gets warm it's undrinkable. You get the idea. It was a big disappointment.
5	Pig & Pickle, how you make me so happy!  This is my go to spot. The food is delicious and the staff is pretty good.  As someone who works in the industry I like that they stay open late to accomodate the night shift people.  Bf and I came here a long time ago based on yelp reviews and we've been coming back time and time again.We've tried almost everything on the regular menu. Unfortunately, since our schedules have changed we haven't been able to enjoy the after 10pm menu in awhile.  You cant go wrong with the pork liver smear, bone marrow, and the newer pork belly starters.  The burger, hanger steak, and duck are amazing as well.  Large selection of beers and signature cocktails (with a good twist on some classics).  I think they make their own flavored bourbon, too.I highly recommend this place. I've recommended it to people many times already.
4	We came here for happy hour (daily 4-6pm!).  We sat at one of the tall tables near the bar instead of at the bar itself. Our server was friendly and efficient. I enjoyed the Tarragon Lemonade (Tarragon Gin, Tarragon Syrup, Fresh Sour) but thought it could use a counterpoint to balance the flavors - maybe rosemary or lavender?  The Bramble On (Gin, Blackberry syrup, fresh lime) was also tasty.  We tried the pork shoulder tostadas (ginger aioli, kimchi, scallions), the house made charcuterie, and the beer cheese with stuff to dip it in.  The pork shoulder tostadas were good and I enjoyed the beer cheese but the charcuterie was just ok.I would come back here, especially for happy hour right after work.
4	After hearing about the creative and delicious dishes at Pig & Pickle and learning about the Chefs' commitment to local produce, handcrafted cocktails, homegrown herbs, and fresh baked breads, I was excited to finally visit P&P to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our server, Cat, was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was encouraging of us trying new things without being "pushy" which was quite refreshing. We ordered a round of cocktails and everyone was quite pleased with the humorously named drinks: "Red Headed Stepchild" (which came with a Sour Patch Kid!), "Salty Dog" (vodka, black/white hawaiian sea salts, fresh grapefruit) and the "Maggie" (homemade triple-sec and Hawaiian Sun strawberry/passionfruit juice - delicious but not too sweet). I ordered the "Bramble On" (gin, blackberry, lime juice, soda) because it sounded creative and refreshing, but since I'm not a "gin girl" I didn't find it quite as tasty as the other drinks. The favorite appetizers that the group tried were the Pork Belly Tostadas ($9 for two large tostadas) and the Fried Brussels Sprouts with Asiago and a Farm Fresh Egg ($7). The Butternut Squash Soup with toasted pepitas was so delicious that I was glad that I had a small bowl for myself that I didn't have to share! A specialty item on the menu tonight was Trotter Stuffed with Fennel Sausage. "Pied de Cochon," as this delicacy is known in France, is French for Pigs' Trotters or Pigs' Feet - yep, feet! Not surprisingly, this part is typically thrown away by butchers, but apparently this can be quite appetizing when it's prepared correctly (bones removed, cooked for hours, etc.). I don't love pork, so I passed on the opportunity to try this dish. The meat-lovers in the group tried the stuffed trotter and were disappointed that it wasn't quite as tender as expected, though they raved about the fennel sausage and the raspberry sauce that accompanied the dish. Our server noticed that most of the dish was left untouched and when she heard it wasn't quite as expected, she apologized and took it off our bill. The main dishes were the the show stoppers of the night! The Golden Beet Salad ($9) was artfully presented and deliciously prepared with candied pecans, watercress, bleu cheese crema, and pomegranate seeds. The sandwiches or "sammies" come with your choice of fries, small "dump truck" salad, or tots for an extra $1. With all the other appetizers, two people split the "Nancy" (brie, avocado, tomato and shaved red onion on garlic rubbed bread) and were quite satisfied with the sammie and salad. The birthday girl selected the "Chocolate Mud Cake" for dessert, which was beautifully presented with a candle and chocolate garnish on the side. The chocolate cake was moist, rich and delicious with a hint of sea salt that was nicely paired with a scoop of butter pecan ice cream. After a fun birthday celebration that excited our taste buds, I'd love to come back to P&P to sample more of the menu and enjoy the happy hour pricing (4-6 pm daily).
4	We were visiting some friends in Phoenix and went out as a group to Pig & Pickle for dinner. The place was great and the food was also very good. Because we had a larger group we all got to try bites of a lot of different dishes. All of the dishes I tried were great and some were very unique as well. None of the dishes blew me away but I could definitely suggest Pig & Pickle for a great meal.
2	When it initially opened I gave it three stars.  It's been 4 or 5 stars since that time with a changing menu and great service.  Recently we had a group of eight dine there.  About half the people got sick.  It must have been one of the starter plates.  We had the salmon (one of our favorites), charcuterie and cheese plates. Nothing tasted off.   I'll still go there because the food, drinks and service are great, but I'm wondering who else got sick?
5	Perfect place for beer snobs! I was a bit intimidated by the menu, but the waitress was knowledgeable and helped me choose something my picky, vegetable loving self would eat. P.S. The art on the walls is on point!
5	Awesome place to eat and drink. Service is great and the owner Clayton is super helpful. Will definitely eat here again.
3	Service is slow. Forgot to refill waters. The pork marrow was pricey and disappointing. Pork liver was ok. The pork tostada literally smelled like my friends dirty Great Dane. It was very unpleasant . My entree was pulled pork sandwich and was also disappointing . It had too much melted oily cheese and too much bread. This place could put less serving on plates. Too much food that tastes bad.
3	So, Pig & Pickle is pretty good. Stopped in for dinner one night with friends. We got there between 7 and 8 on a Saturday night. We were able to get a table for 4 without a wait. The air in the restaurant was a bit stuffy and warm, but it was nicely decorated.I asked for a diet Coke but was told they only have Coke Light, which is a lower calorie version of Coke. There's 111 calories in the bottle. The server told me they don't have diet Coke because they try to have more healthy menu items. Fair enough - aspartame isn't great, but some of the menu items are so decadent and heavy with butter, etc. that I found his comment about the diet Coke a little amusing.I had the shrimp and grits. It was good, but I didn't think the seasoning was anything extraordinary. I also thought the portion was a bit small given the price. My husband had the Monte Cristo, which he thought was pretty good; it didn't wow him, and it was extremely heavy. My friends had the pot roast sandwich, which was good, and the duck, which they said was amazing. The accompanying salad for the sandwich had a dressing which was kind of oily and lacking flavor.Service was good; our drinks were never empty and our waiter was able to make some good recommendations on the menu. I think some of the entrees were OK, and one was wow. The prices were a little high for some dishes, and reasonable for others. Overall, I think 3 stars is appropriate. I guess I just don't get the hype, but I wouldn't mind stopping in again. The fact that the menu rotates on a frequent basis is enough to make me come in for a different meal and give it another try, because I think the restaurant is promising.
5	Been here many many times. I feel like I am back in San Francisco where I are and lived for 10 years. Good food that is inventive and made with things that are available locally. The decor is very appropriate. The prices are very reasonable and they have an awesome happy hour! My personal favorite dish... The duck. It is always cooked to perfection and the price any be beat. This is a local neighborhood gem and I am so thankful I love right down the street.
4	As a foodie I LOVED this place. Bone marrow! Charcuterie, their own pickled eggs...and hard-to-find beers on tap. They grow their own herbs, they source locally, AND the prices were lower than many other restaurants around the Scottsdale area. Oh yes...the breads were amazing! The wait staff...fun and informative, but SLOW. Like 15-minutes-to-get-a-drink slow. And it wasn't very busy. So that's the only reason it got 4 out of 5 stars. The next time I go back (and I will go back), if the service is faster, I'll up this to 5 stars.
5	P &P's Easter brunch...in a word: Awesome! Fabulous spread with biscuits and gravy, eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, baked items and salmon with capers. My favorite was the goat cheese focaccia. Plus you could order from the menu their signature P&P Benedict, a non meat Benedict, farmers omelet or waffles. And of course their famous $5 mimosas and bloody Mary's along with a fabulous list of craft beers. And...wait for it...the price? Just $25 per person! So the brunch for 2, 2 bloody Mary's and 2 craft beers plus generous tip: only $90!
5	Great food, great service. Came for my birthday and they did not disappoint!  Highly recommend!
5	I thought I loved this place for dinner. Great pork menu items and yummy drinks with desserts to die for (I'm talking to you carrot cake!) but the Sunday brunch here is apparently a well kept secret. Forget the hour long waiting you find a mile away in old town and go here! Croque Madame was delish as was the p&p benedict!! Can't wait to go back for all the menu items that didn't make the first cut!
5	Oh my gosh...the late night menu was some of the best food of my life. The tacos are amazing, I would kill for them! The vinegar pie is excellent, such a bright clear strawberry taste. I love that the menu changes daily, its a great way to try new things at a place where you know you'll get phenomenal service. I can't wait to go back and try out some of the cocktails!
5	Love this place. Dog friendly ... Rotating beers on draft. The staff is super knowledgable about the menu. Menu is a little weird but every thing I've had so far was good. I recommend this place! Chill environment - definitely would visit again.
4	Keep doing what you are doing and I'll keep coming back.  But please don't clear my plate while my date is still enjoying her food.
5	Outstanding! The pork burger was fantastic as well as the interestingly fabulous pork tostados!
5	I can't say enough great things about my first dinning experience at Pig and Pickle! I have wanted to try this place since they opened since it's a mile from my house, boy am I glad I did and sorry I waited so long! Since it was so nice out my girlfriend and I decided to sit on the patio. Our server came over and loved his dry sense of humor! We got a few recommendations on the cocktails which every ingredient is made FRESH!!! I had the Pineapple Express and she had the Tropical Itch. They were both awesome!Our server told us about the Tots and they are made fresh and different daily! We each tried one (they are huge like meatballs). OMG AMAZING!!!!She was going to get the Fish Fry and I was going to get the Littleneck Clams but he reccommeded we eat something they are known for since it was our first time. I agreed. I was looking at the Duck Breast and he said it was great so I decided on that and my girlfriend got another pork dish that was stuffed (can't remember the name). OMG my duck was outstanding! One of the best dishes I can say I've had in quite a long time! I'm still craving it!!!!!This is a great spot for late night eats/drinks or dinner. The service was great as well as the food. I would suggest this place to anyone and can't wait to go back soon!!!
4	Very good. A lil Ma's day brunch. Buffet style goodness. Bloody Mary yes please. Not the normal routine. I am very pleased can't wait to have some more.
5	FOODIE delight! Ambience is nice, casual and a bit noisy; it's a social hub in the dining room and the bar. A few on the patio. Menu changes often at the whim of the Chef, so your favorite might not be on the menu....opening your mind to a NEW favorite. Service is friendly, but not overwhelming and since the menu is very creative, the server has knowledge to guide you. This is my 2nd time here and I will be back with friends.
5	I love you guys.  You make my heart and stomach so happy.  That being said, this place really cares about who is walking in, sitting down and dining.  I only eat at the bar.  The reason?  I'll tell you why.  I always meet someone interesting.  I always make a friend.  I always find something new menu item from my friends at the bar.  Pssst.  If you like foie, get your ass over here.  It's not a sin.  They do it right.  Don't believe all that PETA propaganda either.  Tostadas.  Man.  I could live inside that little cocoon of shredded pork for the rest of my life.  Salmon.  Damn.  They do it right.  Smoked, white pickles onions on top of a mashed potato pancake sprinkled in Panko breadcrumbs.  I love you guys.  You make me weep.  I'm yours forever.
4	Checked out the P&P for restaurant week.  We arrived early and decided to test out the happy hour specials at the bar before having dinner.There are lots of apps for about $5 to sample during happy hour.  I recommend the beer cheese.  It was really good.  The charcuterie board was pretty good as well though I didn't care for jam.  The HH drink specials were ok with drinks and beer in the $5 range.  Might as well stick with the liquor.  The main event came around and I couldn't do the 3 course restaurant week menu on the account of the appetizers at the bar.  I opted for the Apocalypse sow (pork burger with bacon).  I wasn't in love with it.  I'd recommend going for the regular burger with a big slice of pork belly added on.  It'd be a $1 cheaper and better.  The rest of the party ordered various things, including the restaurant week menu.  The marrow bones looked great, the crispy chicken received good reviews, and the $2.50 cans of Hamm's were certainly enjoyed.  For dessert, the Elvis was probably the one that went over the best.All in all, the P&P has a great atmopshere, creative food, and good specials.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Awesome! Dog friendly patio! Double awesome. The food was absolutely fantastic. I nibbled on a few items and was very impressed with the quality. Everything a pork lover could want. They even brought my dog a home-made peanut butter bacon treat! Excellent beer selection and the patio. Our server was Ashley and she was very attentive and made great recommendations on IPA's. I was really stoked when she split up our check even when we had split entire dishes she broke each check down to exactly what we had! You had me at bacon jelly. Awesome.
5	I don't think I even know where to start.  The staff was excellent and the food even better.  I had bone marrow for the first time....but definitely not the last.  This will definitely be somewhere I will frequent.  Porchetta was the bomb!
5	These little piggies waddled all the way home...only after savoring the pork tostadas, shrimp and grits, apocalypse sow,  and "the nancy". Try the tots too. Holy pig! This place is good!
4	Food/drinks/staff/music on Friday night were great and worth 5 stars. Only subtracted a star based on location. This place is too good to be in a strip mall with its patio beside a busy road. To the food... Pork belly and gator bites were excellent but a little over priced at $12 a pop. Hanger steak was great and cooked to a perfect medium rare. Great drink selection and if ordering dessert make sure to get the seared carrot cake. Mississippi mud pie was good too but carrot cake was GREAT.
4	Had our last dinner of the night before we left Arizona the next day. Boyfriend came across this cute place called "Pig & Pickles". We came on a Monday night of Memorial Day, assuming that everyone has work the next day, this place was pretty empty around 9pm. We did not know they were part of the Arizona Restaurant week, so we were curious of what they had for it. After overlooking menu, it was $30 per person for 3 course, so we each decided to get it and share.First Course:+ roasted bone marrow+green garlic & spring onion compote Two bone marrows were served under green garlic spring onions and a side of sliced bread. Delicious when you scoop some marrow onto the bread then add a bit of the green garlic spring onion and yum+mushroom crostini+pistachio pestoMushroom crostini in pistachio pesto was served on top of two sliced toast. Mushrooms well sauteed and the flavors were good.Second Course: + the dump truck' - mixed lettuces, shaved veggies, seeds, cucumber and shallot vinaigrette Loved how the dressing was light and everything was fresh.+wedge salad - bacon, egg, cucumber, tomato, radish and buttermilk bleu cheeseNot a bleu cheese person, however, boyfriend enjoyed it. You can request to put the dressing on the side. Crunchy wedges!Third Course:crispy skin chicken - bacony red potatoes, creamed leaks, arugulaChicken was flavorful and very crispy. You just need to take a small piece of the chicken and eat it with the potatoe, creamed leaks and arugula.+ pork porchetta - roasted pork belly, homemade sausage, creamed corn, heirloom tomato & arugulaHeaven in your mouth! A thick slice of pork belly wrapped around homemade sausage and served with creamed corn? The combination was just perfection. This is a must get if you love pork belly. Overall, we loved our meals and sure did get full off of it. The meals were big and we were informed that we can purchase one restaurant of the week and share among two people, so it'll save you some bucks.
4	I've been here twice now and this time the whole restaurant was redone and I REALLY love how they've redecorated! It's got a very cool, welcoming vibe and I will definitely return.There are a couple of reasons I didn't 5-star this beauty. One: slow bartenders who don't greet you at all. You just sit there like an idiot until you're so dehydrated you ask for something to quench your thirst. NO BUENO. Socializing with everyone while a customer waiting for a drink is just bad form. Two: very, and I mean very, limited vegetarian menu. And while I get that 'pig' is in the name, not everyone participates in the eating of your cloven hoofed animal. So please expand that, it would be so awesome.So, to get down to it. I sat at the bar and once I finally got my drink everything moved pretty smoothly. Good beer selection, by the way. Not original, but no Coors Light here so I consider it a good selection. I ordered some delicious fried Brussels sprouts with asiago & a farm fresh egg and let me tell you, that was probably the best I've ever eaten. I have no idea where my aversion to BR's came from. Probably because my mom didn't do them P&P style. DO NOT MISS THESE. For dinner I had ratatouille with a blob of goat cheese in the middle. Not a great taste at all. I wouldn't have even ordered it had there been a bigger variety of veggie dishes to choose from and you can sure bet I won't order it again. It was odd. I don't even know who made this dish up, blech. At any rate it was P&P so they did make it better than any other place I've eaten it (the very few times I have) so there's that. Their menu changes often so hopefully they'll incorporate better selections.All in all it's got a great vibe and for you meat eaters this place will seem like culinary heaven. It's a definite keeper for the ambiance alone!
4	This restaurant was highly recommended to me and my family, so we decided to try venturing outside of our comfort zone and trying a new restaurant. As the name implies, the menu is mainly focused on meat and pickled items. I had the pork belly that was to die for. My dad had the pork burger - topped with bacon, it seemed like an item from the Heart Attack Grill's menu, but he thoroughly enjoyed it. P&P has a great beer and wine list. Very friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere. We'll be back when we're in the area again!
5	So I love pigs and pickles, so I decided to make my way out with a rather beautiful lady type (shwing). We got here and the place was
5	Great food (and vegetarian options).  The servers have been great the couple times I've been there, and I strongly recommend the carrot cake for dessert.
3	I have been wanting to try Pig & Pickle for some time now. Luckily, since my co-workers know I'm a foodie, they gifted me $50 giftcard to try Pig & Pickle. I grabbed my husband and we hustled down for Happy Hour. Happy Hour runs from 4 - 6pm daily and they have plenty of appetizers for $5 and numerous drink choices. Since we wanted to make the most of our experience, we ordered three items off the Happy Hour menu. First, we ordered pork tacos. I am not going to lie - these were the best thing we ate all night. If we had only ordered the tacos, we would have been in hog heaven - pun intended. The pork was flavorful and spicy with a tender slice of avocado on top. Only two came to an order, but they were perfectly delicious. After trying the other menu items, I wish we had just ordered more of the tacos.Next, we ordered the pork tostadas. This was pork shoulder with ginger aioli, kimchi, and scallions. The pork, while extremely tender, was flavorless. The kimchi (pickled cabbage) was off putting - after one bite, I picked all the kimchi off. Even my husband, who normally likes kimchi, commented on how off it tasted. Needless to say, we were not impressed.For our final appetizer, we ordered the chef's choice house made charcuterie. This came with some pickled vegetables, several meats, a spicy mustard, a bacon jam, and two types of bread. Let me just say, the house made bread was fantastic. It was soft and flavorful. My husband enjoyed the bacon jam and I liked the spicy mustard. The pickled vegetables were meh. (There were pickled pearl onions, pickled green beans, and to quote the waitress, "pickled pickles".) I don't remember the exact names of the types of meat except there were three of them - one being a pork sausage. Again, we weren't very impressed with the selection.For dinner, my husband ordered the littleneck clams with chorizo and a side of pork belly. The clams were in a white wine sauce with herbs and tomatoes. I tried a slice of the chorizo and it was tasty, but overall my husband didn't really like the meal. Even the pork belly, which he loves, was just "okay". I ordered the smoked pot roast sandwich. This came with Havarti, caramelized onions, and creamy horseradish on a hoagie roll. I had the option of French fries or a small salad and decided to go with the fries. The fries were both good and bad at the same time. They had a nice flavor to them, but they didn't seem cooked all the way through. You know how you bake a potato and sometimes the inside isn't cooked - it's in that half stage of being slightly tender but chewy? That's how all the fries were. Which is definitely not the norm for fries but it was so odd that I kept eating them, trying to see if it was all of them or just one. (It was all of them.) The sandwich also gave me mixed feelings. The roast itself was tender but flavorless. When combining all the sandwich flavors, it actually tasted good. (The onions really complimented the roast and the horseradish gave everything a spicy kick.) Overall, it was a decent sandwich but nothing to rave about.In the end, we used our entire giftcard. My husband commented that he was glad we had a giftcard so we could try everything but that he wouldn't go back. I agreed and we probably won't be back. Mainly, the food was just "okay" (except  the tacos - if you do go, get the tacos) and the restaurant is about 30 minutes away from us. It's hard to justify driving 30 minutes for "okay" food. The service was nice. Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and prompt. She helped us decide on what to order when we had questions and gave us her opinion on dishes.Overall, the restaurant is a neat idea - everything is house made and fresh but the execution/flavor was just lacking. If we are ever in the neighborhood, we might give it a second chance but who knows when that will be.
4	I'd give it 5 stars but for a few little glitches. Service was outstanding & the food was nearly perfect but for a few inconsistencies- too few broccoli in 1 soup & too much in another.  There were unopened clams & tons of celery in the clams. Besides that we loved the tots and the bone marrow. I've had marrow many times, including in France, and this was my favorite preparation. Luscious! Other favorites were the burgers, brisket, and steak. I loved the salad too. The beer list was exceptional but they only had 6 wines by the glass. All the desserts were wonderful. Favorites were the Elvis & the chocolate cake. We can't wait to go back again.
3	I don't think I'm quite sophisticated enough to eat here.  The food was very well prepared and a lot of thought was put into it, I just couldn't understand what the hell I was ordering from the menu, ingredients and items I've never heard of before.  The food seemed like something you'd get a way high end restaurant, which I guess this is, but being in a strip mall gives the wrong impression completely.   My girlfriend is in love with the place so I'm sure we'll be back.
3	I really like the concept of this place - meat and pickles, sour and sweet, everything made in-house.  Even the drink names are great.Pig & pickle has a bit of an identity crisis though.  It's like casual pizzeria meets upscale gastro pub combined with anything pig related.  On the walls you'll find local art you can purchase and on the bar shelf you'll see are two plastic pigs humping.   The servers are very knowledgeable about food and are quite helpful, yet the bartenders goof around as if they are coffee baristas.The drink menu's are awesome and the food choices are some of my favorite.  Unfortunately while the menu looks great, the food fails to deliver.  Love bone marrow - just not here.  It could have used some more time and the whatever bread crumb topping just didn't go.  In-house chorizo - nice touch - but I've had better at breakfast joints.I really wanted to give this place 4 stars because it's the kind of place I like.  Underwhelming food made me want to give it 2 stars.The charcuterie was great though - variety of meats and pickles - that deserves a star in itself.
4	He Who must Eat suggested we have brunch at P&P so he had the huevos rancheros I had the rainbow valley farmers cheese blintz... I loved mine but I really craved his! Tasty - rancheros, just right spice with the chorizo the eggs melded all together. So the bloody sconnie was blended to perfection - not too spicy but a good kick. Not to mention the best service ever!!!
5	New to the neighborhood and this place was our first sit down. Awesome waitress who walked us through the menu and even got me to tried pickled carrots! I hate carrots and I are them all. Great vibe....great music. It is clear that they are passionate about every item on the menu and it tastes like it!! Try the drinks on happy hour....they grow everything local and you can taste the difference. Definite recommendation.
5	Amazing food and booze experience! Can't wait to come back!!Perfect service and perfect music/vibes!
5	Even better than I expected. Casual great atmosphere with top notch happy to be working there service and food that really nails it. We were lucky enough to get Chris as our waiter who dealt with my unusual indecision by reading my mind and suggesting something served there but not on the menu called "The Chris sandwich."  I can only say if you love meat as I do (To give you an idea I'm half Greek so if you don't eat well prepared Lamb a minimum of once a month ya get kicked right outa the Family) AND indulging into decadence beyond measure occasionally, this sandwich is for you. It literally had me tear up. Please understand I'm way beyond "A foodie". The layers of meat and Foi Gras are so well done that it made me realize how incredibly lucky so many of us are to be able to have the opportunity to seek and get work and afford to indulge in such decadent food at such a reasonable price. If you had a good hard work out that day the food buzz afterwards somehow perfectly borders food coma but doesn't enter it. This sandwich made me love my country and life more. Trust me, it's that good. Thanks Chris.
5	Another winning restaurant for Scottsdale! Great beer and great food! What more can you ask!
5	OMG. Go eat here if you want your taste buds to thank you!!!Start off with the Brussels Sprouts with a fried egg. Save room for the savory Carrot Cake.
5	Absolutely amazing carrot cake! Chip the Waiter was awesome...! We will be back...!...................................
5	Went here for first time a month ago, astonishing! The menu, service and beer were great. I'm a huge whiskey enthusiast and they have a great selection. I enjoyed this place and I will be going back for more pot roast sandwich.....for sure!!!
3	Food was great but the dinning room was not inviting and the staff was not that inviting either.  Go there for the food not the experience.
4	Definitely a different menu, but man the food is totally awesome.  Small bar, but has great bartenders and beer selection.
5	Delicious!! I've been here several times and tried their sandwiches, salads, and pork belly! They smoke all their meats in house and you can taste the quality.They have great drinks - I love the Bramble On and #ScottsdaleProblems (lol). They have a large selection of beers, too.Every time I've gone there, the service was friendly and prompt. The menu is a bit tricky, with lots of fancy things I've never heard of, so the waiter had to explained our options and also suggested their favorites.On a side note, this is probably not the best restaurant to take a vegetarian or vegan. Our friend only had a few options - fried brussel spouts (yum) and a couple of salads.
5	I'm gonna go ahead and give this place five stars. Stopped in after wife (Kelly C.) got a tip from you nice folks on Yelp. Took her and the two kids for a mid day meal. We arrived as they opened for dinner. Immediately we were greeted warmly. The waiter was awesome, gave good advice and was very attentive without being overbearing. The kids fish and chips were awesome! I had the ratatouille which was awesome!  One of the best meals I've ever eaten. They bake their own bread which was some of the best! The price was a bit more than i was expecting, but in the end it was worth it. The food was excellent the staff was awesome!
4	After reading about this place on yelp I've been eager to try this place. It's nearby and the reviews had me certainly intrigued. We showed up about 20 minutes before they opened which we spent looking the pictures of the dishes on yelp, salivating and mentally choosing our early dinner. When I sat down I told myself no cocktails... Until the drink menu arrived. With a full list of hand crafted cocktails at your fingertips, how do you not go for it? Especially during happy hour? I couldn't and you shouldn't either. Mine was so refreshing I'm not even sorry. I ordered the clams served in wine and essence of heaven. I loved every bite. It was a little spicy for my sensitive pallet but it was worth it. The bread, that they bake themselves, was incredible. Our waiter was very kind and patient, giving lots of great advice. Not only did I love my meal but I can't wait to go back and try something new! Pig and Pickle, I love you.
3	Food was 4 stars great.  Marrow bones and pork porchetta were excellent.  I love the menu and unique food options.  They even sell a few of my favorite cookbooks here.  I want to go back when they have head cheese on the menu.  I give it 3 stars because the location, interior, and service are not anything special.
4	So far so good. We went for happy hour & ordered almost everything on HH menu except for brussels sprouts & only because we were full from the other four things we ordered already. Very different & very delicious! We did find multiple items to be slightly over-salted but it did not take away from the dish. We can't wait to return to try other menu items. Highly recommend!
5	My absolute favorite restaurant/bar in the entire world. I know that's a bold statement but it's 100% true. I've been a very frequent diner here over the past year and it just keeps getting better. Pig & Pickle is always looking to add new delicious eats to their incredible menu. I like to try as many things as possible on their menu but a few favorites I always go back to are their signature pork tostadas, fried brussels sprouts with asiago and a farm fresh egg (I recommend adding bacon), and for brunch, their p&p benedict. Every time I go in I also always order a couple of their tots which contains different ingredients every day. My favorite dessert is their Strawberry Vinegar Pie which is not always on the menu so if it's there, you MUST order it. The name is deceiving but trust me and thank me later. All their other desserts are delish, you can never go wrong with the Elvis or the Mississippi Mud Pie. I could go on and on but I don't want to give away all the secrets to this place I could call my second home. The bartenders have concocted a very fun palette pleaser of a cocktail menu in addition to all the great beers they feature from microbreweries. The staff have become great friends that I look forward to seeing every time I walk in. If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.
5	You must come here for Sunday Brunch. Everything we had today was mind blowing!
3	Breakfast burrito and waffle were good but when the name of the restaurant is "pig" and they serve RAW bacon and call it crispy that is not a good sign.
5	These guys always deliver and recommend this place for the food.  It's Not fancy and it's not a typical Scottsdale place where it's all about superficial looks and no substance.  Great ingredients, thoughtful preparation, and flawless service.  Come for the pork belly, stay for the blackberry pie!
5	As a resident of South Scottsdale, this is a true gem.  The food is fresh and crazy good.  They are creative and farm to table I believe is truly what they are.  The cocktail program is spot on if you want to enjoy true craft spirits.  The service is 5 star and you never get disappointed.
4	Good place to come with friends for food and drinks. They have a large selection of craft beers and their bovine inspired cuisine is very tasty.
5	Great happy hour, fun beer selection, and lots of random tasty pickled stuff.  Very unique place, and a new favorite!
5	I really love this place! The drinks are out of this world (recommend the gin bramble) and the food is delicious. They have a cool concept of this board that says "Take- Give" and it encourages people to buy others drinks. I think it is a cool "pay it forward" type of idea. I got the pork belly blt and it was so tasty! I was too chicken to get the stuffed tots but I heard they were good!
5	This place is great. We brought our Meetup.com group "the Urban Brunchers" in for their brunch. The service was fast and the staff very knowledgeable. The food was amazing and the cocktails great as well. i would recommend everyone to check this place out!!
5	Had the greatest experience at the pig and pickle! Was there a couple weeks back, my dad had heard about this place from a co-worker, he went with his employees and had the best experience so he had to take me there while I was visiting!  And what a treat it was!!! The service was outstanding, and the food was just phenomenal! We had the Brussels sprouts, pork shanks, BLT and raspberry vinegar pie. We left extremely full but that was only because we couldn't help but lick our plates clean! I would hands down recommend this restaurant! Oh and I can't forget the cilantragon margarita...if you like a drink with a kick you must try it!
5	Great craft selection awesome vibe. Concept is simple yet very strong "Pig n Pickle," is a great late night spot with crazy good food. The bartenders are wicked friendly and will remember your name, you will quickly feel like a regular. Good range of harder liquors as well.
3	I had really high expectations for Pig & Pickle. Driving past it for 5 months built up my expectations to be quite high, but overall, it was just A-OK. I had their truffle fries and bone marrow and it was just fine. The fries were average, definitely better than fast food but not better than any other fancier joint in the area. The bone marrow was saltier than I would have liked. As in, way too salty by like 5-10 dashes of salt.I think this restaurant definitely has a lot of potential and is a really cool hangout for young people in Scottsdale, but could be better considering its competition in the area.
3	Really good for "foodies" but not ur normal folk. I like it, but a lot of shit is super weird. I have always wanted to try bone marrow, and this place has definitely shown me that it's nasty as hell. But from what I know bone marrow is a preference. So if you are a foodie don't take my word for it lol this place probably rocks ur socks
5	We came around lunch time on a Sunday so they had the brunch menu up for grabs. We started with a basic beer and glass of wine, but ended with a yummy cocktail and one of the better bloody mary's I've had. This place is just fun to sit and drink at -cute bar, fun vibe, great bartender. We should have gotten the tots - they change daily based on their menu apparently and the guy next to us got them and we were very jealous. I ended up getting the biscuits and gravy with pulled pork added and fiance had the eggs benny. Both were good, but I think I would prefer their dinner menu more than their brunch. My biscuits or gravy had that refrigerator taste but the pulled pork was good. Fiance said he would have preferred pork belly to the pulled pork on his benny. Needless to say, I am giving this place 5 stars because I have heard such great things and we had such a good time. I'm thinking the flavors were just a mistake that day and you can't base judgement off of your one time, especially when friends go all the time and have a great experience.
5	Pig & Pickle knows what's up. When I visited Scottsdale, this was a highly recommended place to try and it definitely did not disappoint. The vibe is very laid back and chill. Everything on the menu looks super tasty, I couldn't decide what to get! For appetizers, definitely try the pork shoulder tostadas!! Soooo good. I had 'the nancy' sandwich, my brother had the BLT, and my friend got one of the specials from that night, and everything was delicious. Definitely try the tater tots as a side; they are totally worth the extra $1.50! They're huuuge tots (a little bigger than a golfball), and they change up the filling every day, which I think is really cool.Tl;dr: try the pork shoulder tostadas and the tater tots
1	There's bad service, and then there's service that makes you go "booooo-sheeeyt!" Imagine you tell the waitress that 3/4 of your table is vegetarian/vegan/Kosher right at the beginning of the meal. Cool. Done.You ask about the tots of the day and she says they're chile verde... fair game. You eat the tots, and you're all like, "This tastes like dead thing." And then she's like, "Oh yeah, there's pork in those." So then you're mortified and apologetic to your dinner guests and just trying not to yell a Ludacris-style "WADAF*****CK?!"She takes them away and you go, "Uhh, can we just have fries instead?" So she brings them out, and then charges you for the tots AND the fries. No.Boooooooooo-sheeeeeeeyt.
5	okay...I'm still laughing at Rachel R.s review...it's called PIG and Pickle not Pickle and Pickle...what were you thinking?  anyway...took wife and kids there after a day  in Sedona...  the Charcuterie (sp?) platter pickled eggs YEAH BABY!!!  pickled grapes nice....everything on that plate was amazing...steamed clams with chorizo in the sauce....whoa....yummy...the Pork Belly was the most amazing delightful bad thing to eat...I need another please....and even the Friday Fish Fry was good...but the dipping sauce e they brought with it made it taste completely amazing....service... well Christina was awesome....I mentioned the Cole slaw was bland but only in contrast to everything else...she had the chef spice it  up for me.......great service....
5	By far our favorite spot on every occasion! Brunch, dinner, late night, or even just cocktails are always on point. Not to mention the staff and atmosphere are always welcoming. Both owners are always there and make a point to talk to their guests. Being in the industry I honestly can't say enough good things about this place. A absolute MUST try! Promise you will be hooked!
3	i like the different and eclectic menu, the ambiance, but $140 bill for 2 is too much
2	Mediocre service and food seems to be hit or miss. Our server was quite rude and lazy. Most of the staff hang out by the front of the kitchen chatting which isn't neccesarily bad, but when you are there with family it was hard to hear our conversation over the boisterous wait staff. Our food was ok at best. I had the ratatouille, which had potential...but was so over salted it was like eating spoonfuls of salt from the mortons container.  My daughter had the shrimp with grits, sauce and grits were good, but the shrimp was way over cooked and rubbery. Other daughter had hanger steak which was absolutely fantastic. Staff didn't seem to care that food wasn't satisfactory. Never saw a manager after telling server about the problems. Left 80% of my food uneaten....it was that bad. Won't be going back.
5	Went here last night for a light dinner with two girl friends. I've heard about this restaurant and have been meaning to go, so I was so excited to check it out.The decor is super cute - dim lighting with an inviting bar and pig signs/pictures/designs everywhere - loved it!But the food was even better. We ordered just a few small plates to share. The pork belly (umm, yum! perfectly cooked and delicious tender and flavorful), the pork shoulder tostatas (they come 2 to an order and are piled high with shredded pork) and the shrimp & grits.We had that kind of service where you don't notice they are there, but your water cup is always full and the empty plates are always promptly removed. Loved it! I will be coming back here as soon as I can!
5	This place is awesome, the location might make you think otherwise due to the fact it's in a strip mall next to an E-cig joint and a MMA sparring gym. But forget that noise, because once you are inside you forget where you are. First and foremost- beverages as in cock motherfucking tails are top notch. Every drink they mix is done to perfection, I hate these other god damn restaurants where everything is too sweet or they put 18 different mixers in each drink. I want to taste my booze and Pig serves it up just right.  They use high quality alcohol paired with outstanding bitters and tinctures. They even have a few cocktails they age themselves.  Not only are the drinks awesome but beer and liquor selection is killer. On to the food, obviously this place serves some bomb ass meats from pork belly to foie gras smear to carnitas tostadas. I have ordered several items and have never been let down unlike my sex partners. The Elvis dessert is downright tasty. Lastly, the service is always exceptional, granted I only sit at the bar or do take out but they are always friendly and go out of their way to make sure you have a great experience. I love this place and it is head and shoulders above a lot of the old town Scottsdale hyped up bullshit restaurants.
5	As a working mom, I don't get out as often as I'd like. I was super stoked that my gno time was spent last week at the Pig and Pickle in Scottsdale. You pull in to a random strip mall (standard for Scottsdale) and take a step into another world. And it's a tasty world for sure!The tostadas were my favorite. Piled high with shredded pork shoulder and married with fresh slaw and mint....these were, in a word....phenom!  For a nice Jewish girl, I'm actually a bit of an expert on pork shoulder and this was really great. We also had pork belly...which tasted like a porky fois gras on top of seared pineapple. The shrimp and grits were good, but not amazing. Im not going to lie, I'm from the south and I can be overly particular when it comes to these two items. Our service was fab, the atmosphere was hip and dim and there was even a football game on. If they had been playing reggae music all night it would have been five star....oh wait...they WERE playing reggae all night. (And good stuff like Natural Mystic, not just Buffalo Soldier courtesy reggae!)P and P...I will be back!
4	I have been to Pig & Pickle twice. The first time was for a large birthday party. They put us in the back room which was awesome because we were all dressed up for a Rock n' Roll theme and we were quite the noisy bunch. Service was pretty good considering our large group, I was pleasantly surprised! And the food.... the pork shoulder was really good!! My second time at P&P I shared a couple of items, the apocalypse sow and a burger the waiter created himself. Everything was delicious, but really heavy... you need to come very hungry! The waiter was interesting and all over the place. He was helpful in choosing drinks and food, but he wasn't your typical waiter. Bottom Line: Come hungry, expect to leave stuffed with deliciousness, and don't be too frightened by the weird waiter!
4	StaffFoodAmbienceDrinksFOODmusicCARROT CAKE WITH BACON!MORE FOOD!!This spot made my top 5 places to eat real quick, ive gone through most of the menu, and everything has been phenomenal. All unique with their own flavors, modern ideas with a old school twist.
5	The best frois gras ... but don't ask me to spell it! Sat at the bar and started with a yummy Templeton rye drink Skot made us with orange zest on top.  Tyler, the bartender,  suggested the pork belly (delicious!!) Cheddar soup and then we had mussels with fennel. We even took the carrot cake home... OMG p & p you should sell rooms for rent for food coma. Thanks Tyler for such a great time - would recommend to anyone who appreciates food and good service.Always,  T&A
4	The word is finally getting out on this place so I will throw in my 2 cents.Been coming here for a couple of years now, the food is all about the contrast, a unique culinary experience. Hence the Pig & Pickle. All the ingredients are top quality and uniquely sourced. They try hard behind the bar, perhaps too much, time has not changed my opinion. The energy in the bar drops my review by 1/2 star as I always eat my meals in the bar area. Can't put my finger on what puts me off, all I know is I tend to leave directly after I eat. (Not a normal occurrence for me)No worries as i come here mainly for the food, I am constantly surprised by the unique dishes these boys dream up. Nothing else like it in the Valley. You have to try this place out for yourself.
5	What a great experience! Food and staff were better than amazing! Can't wait to go back!!!! Thx guys!!
5	Some chefs play it safe, but others use their creativity and great flavors to create great food. Great low key yet sophisticated atmosphere and dishes. Try the bone marrow, or the pork belly. Clayton is a fantastic host. Kudos.
4	Really liked this place! Can't wait to go again. We went for happy hour, and was excited to see that it was family friendly as I have an 8mo old. Other families were in there too. Very relaxed and hip sort of atmosphere. HH items were great! Had the dump truck salad and brussel sprouts and was quite full after my meal. The brussel sprouts were suprisingly rich too - in a good way.:D
5	One of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale. Great food, moderately priced. Great selection if whiskey and beer, interesting cocktails and well rounded inventive menu.., I haven't had a bad meal yet. The service has always been good.. I would go back anyday for the duck and the dump truck salad. I crave the salad  for lunch, too bad it isn't open then.  I love u pig and pickle
4	Love the creativity of the menu items here, and when the dishes come out they didn't disappoint. Seems like a lot of AZ restaurants try and put fancy things on their menu but taste doesn't seem to deliver. But Pig & Pickle has it down! Sooooo goooood. Minus a star because even though the drink menu looked exceptional, all three drinks we ordered were a bit too overpowering and sweet for our tastes...they need to be a bit more balanced. But hey, there's a great selection of beer to choose from, so you can still get your drink on.
3	First timer.  Saw it on Yelp.  Gave it a go.  Got small salad + pork belly ribs alternative.  They tasted ok.  Stringy.... not a 4 star imo.
5	All the times that I have been to this amazing place, I have never been disappointed. Amazing service, and the food is even more amazing.
3	I don't really understand what the hype is about. 1. The recommended pork belly tostadas were too salty, though its combination with kimchi was A+.2. Bone marrow was worth a try because of how unique the flavors were. However, it too was unbearably salty.I probably wouldn't come back a second time but it was an interesting experience.
5	Went with 2 friends, had the Brussels sprouts, broccoli soup, apocalypse burger and grits.  Service was impeccable, food was tasty, balanced, well made and presented.  Make an effort to visit, atmosphere was perfect wine and beer lists are long.  Pricing hits the spot too.
2	Went to dinner tonight and it was different  from every other experience I have ever had at Pig & Pickle. This was just upsetting. The server didn't have much time for our table and actually let us know that. The food was good as usual, but the service ruined my night. I'm disappointed. Worst birthday dinner ever.
4	Feels more like Portland then Scottsdale which is very welcome.  A very accommodating staff and a menu that allows you to explore alternative pieces of animal from the comfort of your middle American sensibilities.
2	Not impressed. I was with a large group, so that might have been that. I was late and everyone else had already ordered. The server acknowledged me as the straggler or so I thought. I asked for a drink menu and a regular menu and he gave me the drink menu and he came back to the other end of the table a couple times leaving me still drink-less. After that he didn't ask about food and one of the guys in my party went up to him to tell him I was still looking to order. Everyone else received their food before I even ordered. I should have just given up right there, but I was starving. I ordered the apocalypse sow with salad. Not as good as I expected. I felt it was dry and lacking flavor. The aoli was just plopped in the middle. The meat was crumbling and I had to just eat it with a knife and fork. Should have just got the soup.
5	I really really recommend this place! I took a friend from out of town here, and since then have gone back quite a few times. First, the design of the restaurant really works for them. I feel like so many restaurants are attempting to go for that, "simple industrial," look these days and Pig & Pickle has really pulled it off well. They've created such a cool and trendy atmosphere with a menu that goes along with it. There are so many unique foods to choose from on the menu and from my understanding, the menu changes frequently (which I love, personally). If it's available during the time you're there, I definitely recommend the udon noodles, bone marrow, foie gras, and roasted corn. Share amongst your table! The portions aren't big, but they're packed with flavor! (And definitely balanced, like the mission statement claims.) Their drink menu is a total win too! I've never ordered anything I didn't like. For those that don't/can't drink alcohol, THEY HAVE COCA LIGHT. OMG LIKE WHAT?!?! and an array of really great soda pops. For those that choose an alcoholic beverage, their menu is endless and amazing! #scottsdaleproblems is my go to, but you really can't go wrong with any of the drinks they offer! As far a price point, a little pricey, but definitely a stand out in the sea of Scottsdale restaurants! Go here!
4	We had the fried brussel sprouts, the pork tostados and the shrimp and grits.  Very good on all three. Topped it off with the carrot cake that will make even the fussiest eater learn to love carrots! We were there for Happy Hour and were pleased that HH applied on Saturdays, too!  Servers were helpful, polite and accommodating. Really enjoyed the whole experience and plan to return!
5	I use to go to Pig & Pickle every time I visited Phoenix, and now I live here. I discovered it a few blocks away from a friend's apartment. I love pork and anything pickled so the name took me in immediately.We always get the charcuterie: delectable bits of cured meat with pickles and bread. We've also ordered the grilled octopus, pork liver smear, pork shoulder tostadas, mussels, bone marrow, foie gras, duck breast salad, and other things that I can't remember the exact name of and are no longer on their ever-changing menu. Aside from the grilled octopus which was a tad too salty, we have loved everything we've ordered. But the food isn't the only great thing about Pig & Pickle, they also serve delicious cocktails, and if you get there during happy hour the prices are pretty nice.Pig & Pickle is a place I frequently recommend, and will always come back to.
1	To be fair, this is review a month or so overdue. Was not a fan. The concept and menu seemed great so we thought we'd try it. Went with two other couples. Our waiter was impatient and rather intolerant to the fact that we were translating for our friends visiting from another country. Considering they weren't that busy on the night we went, I was completely put off by the behavior. The food, which we thought would be flavorful, was outright bland. Considering that the majority of the reviews for this place are great, this was thoroughly disappointing. The great smell from the meat in the kitchen did not match what I tasted in the apps nor the entrees. I will not be coming back.
5	Food was amazing here. Everything we had was delicious and reasonably priced. Good happy hour also.
5	Just go. Great service and stoopid good vittles:) And bring you dog. Staff loves the canine!
5	We absolutely love this place. Jen the bartender showed us such personable service along with great bloody Mary's, food is amazing !!.... Burger with duck egg, foi gras and pork belly ... To die for it !!!!! Scott and Tyler amazing team, amazing place ... It's a must !!!!
5	This place was bomb. The pork belly appetizer was super tender and delicious. I got The Nancy, which is a veggie sandwich with a shiz ton of brie on it, so you  know it was good. My favorite part of the meal may have been the tater tots... Such fancy and detectable tots stuffed with bacon and cheese and herbs. The service was awesome, too! The waiter had great suggestions. Some random bar tender yelled, "See you tomorrow!" when we left, which was pretty hilarious. Okay, first Yelp review: complete.
4	If you're in the area, looking for a non-Tex-Mex happy hour, just go here.  Really.  Or if it's late night and you need a nosh (and a drink).  Just go here.  Really.  'Nough said.What to eat?  Pork belly anything.  You had me at pork belly.  And boy, do they know how to do it here.  But also delightful sashimi apps on occasion. I've had many of their fish specials, and it's always a winner.  Happy hour wines on tap.  Yes, you read that right.  They have solid wine selections to compliment the savories - and you can read about the happy hour (and late-night) savories in the other reviews.  Pig & Pickle has a nice comfy vibe, eclectic clientele (from Scottsdale usuals to hipsters to service industry types).  Comfortable, homey fine dining.  Boy I hate the word "gastropub."  It's really an edgy bistro trying to slum it a bit.  But in a good way.  Comfortable enough to hang but just industrial enough to rotate the 8-tops.  And--get this--I don't like dessert.  BUT:  The carrot cake is just heavenly.  Really.  Just say yes.  I get it every time.  Unless I'm saving room for yet another smoked salmon app or charcouterie plate.  MMMM.  *checks web for flight times to the Valley....
5	You haven't been? GO! The sooner the better!How is that for a short Review? Been at least a dozen times and have eaten from ALL of their Menus (which do change periodically). Have NEVER been disappointed. The must haves:* Pork Shoulder Tostadas (FABULOUS!)* Charcuterie (Always a treat and some surprises - pickled grapes? Delicious)* Duck - NOT Pig, but generally wonderful!* Vinegar Pie (usually combined with a fruit like Strawberry) MAGICAL!Certainly has become one of my favorites and open late night or early morning, depending on your schedule. I BET IT WILL BECOME ONE OF YOUR FAVORITES AS WELL!
5	I have passed this place several times and always thought it wouldn't make it because of the kind of out of the way location. A chef buddy of mine had me meet him there for a drink and I can say now I wish I started coming earlier. The food is great and the beer selection is awesome. I'm a big fan of the gourmet tots that change daily. I've now tried things here that I never would have other places since the chef will occasionally surprise us. I love sitting at the bar and talking to the staff. A buddy recently ordered some sort of whisky tea drink that came with a french press I think and the bartender did a heck of a presentation and she was super friendly. It is safe to say I now know when other Chefs tell you to go somewhere it is worth listening. This is basically an unpretentious gastro pub that takes chances on the food and beer list and does it well. I crave those tots at least once a week and always wonder what hard to find new beer will be on tap. Great place.
5	Went here for lunch( because of the reviews from the Yelp peeps) with my 22 year old son, who's palate is beyond spoiled......He takes a bite....."Seriously?!"...sits back, while chewing, sits up again, takes another bite....."Uh".....takes a swig of his beer, looks at my plate, takes a bite of my sandwich, asks me if I'm gonna finish the last bits of the pork belly we ordered first, uh yah?... Just gonna say.......FREAKIN' HEAVENLY!!!! Taste buds went nuts!!!!!!Pork Belly to start He had the Braised Pork Cheeks with gritsI had the Cuban SammieLuckily for us, our hotel wasn't that far before we fell into a very satisfied, Pork Coma!
5	One of my favorite spots to eat in South Scottsdale! Awesome variety of beer and mixed drinks. Service is friendly and quick and if you are lucky, they have live music every now and then. Recommendations: pork shoulder tostadas, tot of the day, duck breast with wild rice. Can't wait for my next visit.
5	I really dont like pork. I never cook it, I never order it, but I ate it and recommend it from here because it's that good. I ordered take out, and while I was waiting for them to bring out my food, I hung out by the bar. It has a cute, gastropub feel. I ordered the pork belly appetizer with hummus which made me melt. SO GOOD. The pork shoulder tostadas was good, but I still don't understand why Americans think sour-pickled cabbage is kimchi. Anyway, I definitely want to try other items on their menu... I will be back!
3	Pork everything! Delicious and a bit pricey but you get what you pay for: Quality. We ordered the pork burger with fries and the cheesy broccoli soup.
5	Went there twice during a recent visit to Scottsdale.  Food was delicious and very family friendly for an upscale restaurant.  They even gave our one year old a toy to play with!  Try the tots, they are amazing!  The house made charcuterie plate is great, and huge!  Plenty to share.  The beer and cocktail selection is also top notch!
4	Fantastic place! I was there with a party of 13 on a busy Sunday afternoon. We didn't have any reservations and the staff was able to get us seated within 15 minutes. The waitress that we had was great, very quick to get our orders. Everyone's food came out exactly as ordered. At the end of our meal, the waitress surprised us with two free desserts! If you're looking for a good burger joint right around the corner from Radio City Music Hall, this is the place.
5	One of my most notable New Year's resolutions is to become a local at Pig & Pickle. Given the unassuming location at Hayden & Thomas, you wouldn't expect much from a restaurant in those parts. Yet it's a hop, skip and a jump from our house and it doesn't involve going into Old Town. I couldn't be more delighted with how much this place actually rocks as a humble yet trendy gastropub with fantastic eats and tasty booze. There is more resemblance to a neighborhood, pacific northwest eatery here than your typical Scottsdale overpriced, politely mediocre restaurant - which is precisely the appeal. As such, I will be returning on my cruiser for happy hour as often as I can.As a pescatarian, I wouldn't have though there would be many options on the menu at a pork joint, but alas P&P delivers! With plenty of satisfying veg and seafood choices, I have yet to meet something here that isn't delicious. On a dreary winter night, the squash soup and tots were just the ticket to warming up my frozen bones. The brussel sprouts are also to die for and could convert any cruciferous hater out there with that runny yolk pouring all over the golden and crispy deliciousness. I can't wait to try the shrimp and grits next time. It seems there is quite a rotation to the menu as well, which always keeps things interesting.The cocktail and beer menus are just as impressive and satisfying as the food. While the Amish Mule was just a tad sweet for my liking, it was a refreshing pick. The Vesper knocked me on my bum for a while, so needless to say it was damn good. The bartenders are super friendly and laid back - I'll be hard pressed to sit at an actual table any time in the future. Plus, if I am to obtain my goal of becoming a local, a seat at the bar is essential. Looking forward to my next visit!
4	Been here several times and always leave happy and full! The drink menu is fantastic... a few of my favs are the red headed stepchild, stoney bah-loanie and pure vesper. The food is always spot on...love the pork belly, nancy with pork belly, charcuterie, pork tostadas and ALWAYS try to the TOT of the day!I can't imagine ever having a bad meal here!
