3	Craving Korean, and not wanting to go near the Tofu Hut per my last visit http://www.yelp.com/biz/0w3BdEOxvwKTpypwbN5kiQ, it was a toss up between D.J.K. Korean BBQ or Mr. Tofu.  After checking out their small and simple menu at Mr. Tofu, we decided we liked the 'full' Korean experience that D.J.K. was offering.With no wait on the past Memorial Holiday for dinner, we were seated at  a booth right smack in the middle.  After perusing their extensive menu, we opted for their Dwaeji Galbi (Grilled Pork Ribs) at $22.95, the BF's favorite of Bulgogi Dolsot Bibimbap (Steamed rice with vegetables and beef to mix in the hot stone pot) at $14.95, and the Mul Naengmyeon (Buckwheat noodles with vegetables and meat in chilled broth) at $8.95 based on their picture.About nine different banchan was brought to us after our order went in.  It included cabbage kim chee, bean sprouts, salad, marinated octopus with pickled cucumbers, daikon, omelet, raw garlic, sliced jalapenos, broccoli and some kind of dipping paste.  The salad had a nice dressing to it, and was pretty good.  The octopus was pretty yummy as well.We soon discover they are out of Dwaeji Galbi, and ordered the Sanggalbi (Premium beef short ribs) at $26.95 instead.  The beef was good. It wasn't fabulous for the price we paid.  The Bulgogi Dolsot Bibimbap was average.  At first, the rice seemed a bit mushy.  But the stone pot that it came it really crisped up the rice very well.  (Apparently, this was the best the BF has ever had in terms of crispiness.)  The Mul Naengmyeon didn't quite look like the picture it was presented in.  It came with two slices of beef, one hard boiled egg, some veggies, and few pine nuts.  We asked the waitress about it before ordering and she was honest in her opinion, noting that although she enjoys it, it's a bit different for other people.  It's a cold noodle soup dish and I found it refreshing on a hot day.  They also give you vinegar and horseradishy mustard to mix it up with and this gives the broth the much needed quick.  Back in the city, I'm used to getting tea automatically.  But I guess here, you have to ask for it.  At least they don't charge for it though.I like how the tables are set up here.  At other Korean restaurants, they have to bring this container of hot coals to your table and it's pretty dangerous.  But here, they just turn it on with their gas stove.  And if you aren't going to cook the meat yourself, they simply put the cover on and it's flat like the rest of your table.  The BF was still eating when the cashier girl brought our check to the table.  She didn't even bother asking if we wanted dessert.  (They offer creme brulee, ice cream, etc.)  Asking if they had any shikhye and learning they did not, we were a bit disappointed.  (Had to visit the Asian supermarket next door to get some!)Service - we had the long-haired waitress.  There's this one short-haired waitress that was not so friendly.  When she initially asked us if we were ready to order, and we asked for another minute, she made a "Huff!" sound.  The BF and I looked at each other like, "WTF?!"  Thank goodness the smiley long-haired waitress ended up serving us the rest of the evening and she made up for the bad customer service of the other one.Side note: The restrooms have these gigantic square sinks.  Watch out for the first stall in the ladies' room 'cuz there's a huge puddle right in front and I think they might have a leakage problem per the previous yelper who mentioned the mess too.  Reverse happy hour is 11 pm to 7 am with local ID only and that means 20% off.(You can find pics of our dinner in the business profile above!)I think they are related to Ginseng BBQ on Las Vegas Boulevard.  Total bill with tax and tip: $65.50Total stars: 3.5
2	Great that it's 24 hours.  Not great were the soups.  After a long night of drinking, I want soup, and a good one at that.  The dukmandu gook didn't have the same seaweed flavor I'm used to, it was plain beef broth instead.  The dumplings weren't that great either.  My friend's beef soup wasn't very good.  The beef was particulary tough and chewy.The waitress was rather displeased when my friend kept asking for noodles in soup.  She didn't bother to hide her irritation either.Kimchee was good though, as was the julienned radish.
4	Love + Jack.  Meaning we got 2 different combos they had.  I noticed they put "Beef Shirt Ribs" instead of Beef Short Ribs.  Gave us a good giggle from the beginning.  One of the best meals I had the 5 days I was in Vegas.  A friend that lives out there took us out here because we were craving asian food.  We got a ton of food that 6 people could not finish.  The guys tried desperately to finish the last of the pork...but we just couldn't put it down.  The one thing I really liked about this place was, with each combo you get a bottle soju.  The standard green bottle pretty much all korean places have.  I liked it =).  Not far from everything we wanted to do, and a decent price.  About $100 for 6 people?  Included with 2 bottles of soju...I think that's a great deal when your are in Vegas!11pm - 8am they have a happy hour.  Something sort of different for a place like this.  20% off!  Probably why our meal was so cheap =)
4	Open 24 hours? YESSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! So came looking for food at 4:30 in the morning. Actually wanted Chinese food, but alas, no Chinese food could be found! Harbor Seafood claimed to be upon until 5am, but they were closed by 4:30. On a Saturday. In the summer. LAME.But Dae Jang Keum open 24 hours gets 4 stars from me!!! (Man I'm really generous with the stars.)The soon tofu and some jap chae hit the spot. We were quite intrigued by the $18 jap chae. $18 noodles?!? Hell it better be good! And it was! Jap chae was all artistic, spilling out of a tostada bowl with a giant carrot tail coming out. Looked like a scorpion. A scorpion of goodness! Unlike the usual japchae, all the ingredients were very roughly cut. Huge pieces of wood ear (yeah let's just call it wood ear) and beef and stuff. HUGE! And it's 20% off during those late hours which made the price of jap chae a good deal, especially since we got so much. Soon tofu lacked flavor, but the tofu was silky. Didn't order meat because it was 5 in the morning after all.
4	A Korean restaurant that's open 24-hours. I like the sound of that already, especially during the middle of the night when I'm craving Korean food!We ordered the Love set, japchye, and a salmon dish. Way too much food. The Love set itself would have been enough, but I guess we also wanted to try some of their non-BBQ dishes. The BBQ items are pretty good, and I've got no complains. Would probably come back here, but after I've tried some of the other Korean restaurants in the area.
4	If you are craving KBBQ in Las Vegas, this places is open 24/7!It is large and each table has the BBQ built in the table with a full hood over it. Most of the tables are actually booths large enough to fit 6 people. The service is friendly and attentive. I was checked on several times.I went with Bulgogi ($21.95) , which came on a heated platter after I was served a large plate of salad leaf greens with a vinegar chili dressing, and 6 side dishes including potato salad, seaweed salad, spicy daikon, kimchee, and Age tofu slices,  The bulgogi was well marinated and served with grilled green and yellow onions, with sesame seeds and a little oil. Bowl of white rice and an OB beer completed the picture.Dae Jang Keum is the name of a woman of 400 years ago who served the royal queen in Korea as a famous and inventive cook. It is also the name of the lead character in a Korean Soap Drama about the same woman. The restaurant decided to name itself after her.
3	Too bad I can't give a half a star more, otherwise I would.  Why not just go to 4 stars then?  Well, the soon tofu and jjigae wasn't that great here.  Yeah, I know, it's not what it's known for, but I would've thought they would know how to make good soups since their other restaurants do really well.  Yes, I know one of the owners children so I feel bad for giving 3 stars, but honest reviews hold back for no man.  Don't get me wrong though, the soups are alright as with the panchan and stuff.The meats were decent.  Not the best.  It was better when there was a late night special, but I guess that was just for a short temporary promotional, but at least Las Vegans get 20% off if you show your I.D.  Open 24 hours.  Always nice, and they sure do get a lot more customers than I thought they would for opening 24 hours.  They do give a good amount of food though, and like I said, the food's decent which is why I would've wanted to give half a star more.  Tough cookies though.
4	Although Palace Buffet in San Jose, CA is still the greatest, this spot is pretty good all around. Great meats and seafood pancake. The manager was tight, gave us soju for a bday celebration, kamsamed to the man. Place is always poppin and it has happy hour from 11pm - 8am. They need to have this place back at college.
5	LOVE this place...especially since it's opened 24/7! in VEGAS!The tables, settings, and ambience are modern as well as traditional.  We were greeted by a friendly waitress.  When I looked at the wide variety of orders (Tofu bowls, BBQ dishes...can bbq on the table grill)  But I just stuck to what I enjoyed..which was combination seafood tofu bowl.  It was fantastics.  I also enjoyed a lot of the side dishes which the waitress constant refilled.Should've found this place on my 1st day in Vegas.
4	This place is exactly what you expect. A nice big restaurant with comfy seats, working air condition, with food that delivers. The service is SLIGHTLY above average but that might be because my crew came here with a korean guy who the waitresses catered to the whole time. The meat tastes exactly like korean bbq, go figure, and the kimchi dishes are good. Each  person will spend around $18-26 so the price is fair for good  korean food. My only complaint is the service. I know that most korean bbq restaurants suck at giving service but for the same price range, I could have gotten a BJ from a cheesecake factory waitress.
5	Food: 4.5 starsService: 5 starsPrice: 4.75 starsIt is located in the Chinatown area. The restaurant inside is nice and you can sit and eat comfortably. We came here for dinner and they have a huge selection of food on the menu. We ordered the LOVE combination BBQ for 2 people. For just $44.95, the combination includes two orders of beef brisket and one order of pork loin (you can request and substitute different meat, such as all beef or one beef two pork etc), one salad (refillable), one tofu soup in clay pot, one steam egg in clay pot, one small bottle of Jinro Chamisol Soju (Korean sake - usually cost $10 in other restaurants), many kimchi side dishes, and rice. What a great deal! Not only the food was great, the service was great too. The waitress and waiter were very friendly and polite. They came to check on our food to make sure they were not overcooked and they cut the meat for us. I highly recommend this restaurant and I think the food and service are better than Mother's Korean Grill.
4	I may be Indian, but since coming to Vegas and befriending Koreans in my class, I have quickly become an avid fan of Korean bbq. I've been to a bunch of places in Chinatown, none of which I can remember their names...except for this one...and that's because it's my favorite!Unless you are a Korean foodie or Korean yourself, I would suggest going with Korean friends, so they can order for you and cook the meat for you at the table. Each table comes with it's own "stove" of sorts, and you cook the meat and veggies on it. I usually get chicken, which they will cook in the kitchen for me, because they will spice and sauce it up just the way I like it!You also get a bunch of appetizer dishes before your main course, this includes fish cakes (my personal fave), kimchi (spicy pickled veggies), seaweed, bean sprouts, etc etc. This place is also 24 hours, though I would never venture into Chinatown alone past 10 pm. :pIf it's your first time trying Korean bbq...go to this place!
4	When I'm in Vegas and itching for Kbbq or anything Korean for that matter, I come to this 24 hour restaurant.  Everything you'd expect to find is on the menu but I thought the squid dish was excellent as well at the kalbi.  It's close enough to the major casinos to be only about a 10-15 dollar taxi ride.  It might be a pain to get a cab at 3am on the way back home but there are plenty roaming around on Spring Mtn. to not be stranded.  Try "Mother's" as well but both are pretty much the same to me.
3	The restaurant is suprisingly really nice inside and the service is great!20% off 11pm-5am. (They're open 24 hours)The Nang Myun (cold noodle buckwheat noodle soup) was ALRIGHT. It will do if this is something that you're craving but the soup is lacking flavor.The BiBim Nang Myun is a lot better and more flavorful.The Galbi Tang is also good and flavorful.
3	My friends and I tried this place, as it was suggestion after a tiring night of clubbing. It's open 24 hours, so it's kind of convenient if you're looking to eat Korean food at any time of the day. We arrived here at 2am, and there was only one waitress for like 6 different tables at that time! She seemed to forget us along the way, but we didn't mind since we were chatting and devouring our food! Speaking of food, it came out pretty fast after we ordered it. I'm pretty sure it was cooked before and then reheated...I had their hot bibimbap, and it wasn't very good! I was disappointed. There was no flavor to it! The dipping sauce that came with it made it taste a lot better though. The only good thing I did eat here was the bulgogi. When we got our check, we noticed that we got 20% off, as it was their happy hour (11am-5am). The prices were kind of high for the portions of meat you get; I was kind of surprised as it costs about $23 for a small plate of bulgogi! Geez!I'm sure this place would be cool with a group of friends to do it shabu-shabu style...Maybe I would rate it higher if I just had their bbq...I'll give it another try next time, and possibly try their LOVE combination BBQ....
5	To coin a friend, "Dopeness" again!  This time I tried out the Abalone Porridge (jeonbokjuk) and it was damn good....so good I went back the next day to get it again.  The taenjang and kimchi chigaes were awesome as well.  The banchans were as good as I remember them from before.  24 hour korean food heaven.Advice:  BRING A KOREAN FRIEND or you might not get the mystery discount.
4	Had a craving for Korean BBQ and wanted it to be near the strip 'cuz I was picking up a friend.  DJK is a couple miles away from the Palazzo-Wynn area and it got good reviews so it sounded good to me.  Get there a little after 7pm on Monday and it's not crowded.  That's good 'cuz I don't like crowded places.  We order "Love" for $45.  That's a tad bit expensive for Korean BBQ (my fav. all you can eat KBBQ spot in LA costs roughly the same) but love is priceless (and this is Vegas, a cheap quality mean is tough to come by) so it's all good.  It also came with all the complimentary sides so common in Korean restaurants and drinks for two; be it soju, beer, soda, or iced tea.  The service was great.  Very friendly.  The meat was tasty and the whole meal was filling.  I could have and probably would have eaten more if there was more to be eaten but I did leave very satisfied.  Though, it should also be noted that I eat slightly more than the average bear.  Overall a great experience and I will be returning again.  Just as soon as I can save up enough money to afford it.
1	After a long night of bar hopping in the vegas night clubs, some comfort food was a must. After waking up at the crack of dawn we Yelped online for a korean restaurant and found this place which had  a overall rating of 4 stars. ABSOLUTELY WRONG! You know when you're very hunrgy and anything you eat tastes great, in the case of this restaurant the food just RUINS your appetites. I ordered the mandu-ddukguk and my gf ordered the soft-tofu galbi combo. Now I'm not sure if it was because it was 7:30 am or maybe the chef wasn't there but my mandu-ddukguk was absolutely horrible. The soup base had a strange sour taste to it and  ruined my appetite. The soft-tofu tasted better then my soup but still wasn't up to par. The galbi that came out was of poor quality meat, the cut of the meat was fatty and had no real meat. Being Korean and living in downtown LA, great korean food is 5 mins away, I'm not usually a snob when it comes to korean food, but this was just horrible. Stay away!
1	The food is over all OK but the don't get the combo LA galbi because it is only fat and bones - I've never seen a cut of galbi which is short ribs with bones the ones I got and have some misgivings as to what quality of beef they serve and have decided not to go anymore.
2	After a LOSING weekend, I couldn't wait to get out of Vegas.  Traffic at 2:00pm on Sunday of the Thanksgiving weekend was horrendous!  I've left many times in the past on Sundays at 2:00pm and have not had any problem.  We decided to have lunch before driving out again.  DJK was actually on my bookmarks to try, so we came.    I ordered the Soft Tofu with Seafood for $9.99 (2 stars).  Right away, something didn't look right - it was not bubbling, bubbling hot that is!  I have NEVER had any soft tofu that was brought to the table not boiling hot with bubbles.  The soup looked really red but it was not spicy at all.  Not only that, it was really bland.  I had to add rock salt to it!!!My fiance ordered the Bulgogi Dolsot Bibimbap for $14.99 (2 stars).  It was dry and and boring.  The veggies were unimpressive and you couldn't even find bits of beef that were supposed to be in it.  My fiance asked me 'Didn't I order the Beef Bibimbap?  But where is the beef?'.  He had to add more soy sauce and the chili miso paste a few times to season it.    There were only 5 banchans.  I noticed the other tables (they were obviously Korean) had more than us, like a plate of salad.  I hate it when I go to a Korean restaurant and being treated inferior because I am not Korean.  And whatever it is, this 'discrimination' only occurs at Korean restaurants, not at other Asian restaurants!  For this reason, I'm giving the service 3 stars even though they were pretty friendly.  Unless I am dying of craving for Korean food in Vegas, I doubt it I'd ever return!
3	Not bad, but apparently the best you can get in Las Vegas. Los Angeles has a great spot called Tahoe Galibi that is very tasty, but this comes pretty close. Ordered the sirloin, the pork, and shrimp (I can never remember the right names). Shrimp was eh, though the pork and sirloin were good. My sister was a big fan of the shrimp so maybe it was just me. I did like that they hand you fresh rice and they have some relationship with the frozen yogurt place next door (I recommend the pomegranate).
3	great late night place to grub!!!  happy hour discount after 11pm!  it's like a 5 minute ride from the strip or a really easy drive if you have a car.  the food and price is decent; and so far it's never been so crowded that I had to wait.
3	OH MAN.I was so happy to go eat Korean food during the 4 days I was in Vegas.  It may be the fact that I am getting old but if I don't insert some kimchi into my body every now and then, I go through withdrawal... it was around 3am when we came here... and I was craving something spicy so I got the kimchi soon tofu.  Definitely not the BEST I have had but... hey... it's Vegas.  Not LA.We ordered some soju to go with our late night meal (yeah, I know... more alcohol at 3am) and I'm telling you... something about Chamisil Fresh.... when it's nice and cold, it goes down SOOO smoothly... no matter what time of the day and no matter how sober/intoxicated you may be.I'm glad that my friend took me here... it's a decent Korean food joint that is off the strip with a Happy Hour (either 15 or 20% off.. i dont really remember) from 11pm to 8am!!!!!   :)
1	food is mediocre at best and it's overpriced. I've had better korean before, avoid this place.
3	I was there with a big group of people during SEMA one year... and it was cool. Shit wasn't overpriced like Ginseng on the Strip and service was cool. Well... things just didn't seem like the same this time around. There was only one server... this "ahjooma" who looked overworked and tired. Food was decent, but not going to place it anywhere near the good Korean cooking in LA. But hell... who gives a shit at 4am after getting tipsy all night, right? The saving grace was the 20% off the food bill from 12am to 6am, aka "happy hour". And not the ridiculous rip off Ginseng is.
4	It is a Tofu House, and the soups were awesome.  We each ordered a combo for $15 that came with Kalbi and soup.  I was very satisfied when I left.  The side dishes were plentiful and very good as well.  It was roughly 1/2 the price of our experience at Mother's Korean Grill just down the street days before.  We were there around 6:30 pm, and the help was very courteous and prompt.  The surroundings were modern and the place was clean.  It was not noisy in the least, and we had a nice dining experience.I'd go back to DJK in a flash.
4	Honestly, I don't remember much... I was pretty hammered after partying at XS... but KUDOS for staying open late! And from what my friends told me, the food was good and apparently I was enjoying it too!! I'll make another visit and write another review next time. I can't make a sound decision on the star rating, but I think 4 is safe since I seemed to have eaten it with no problem, but no 5 stars because if it was that good, I should have remembered some of it, right??? N/m... don't answer that...
3	i cannot believe how bad this place is with some food and others is ok.   Still appreciated after the binge.
4	Before I review DJK, I have to wipe away all thoughts, tastes and reviews of Korean BBQ restaurants I've been to in Los Angeles.Ok!  -  ready now.DJK is open 24 hours.  Bonus!  We came here for dinner and were quickly seated.  Service is also swift and pleasant.We had one order of Kalbi for two.  It was satisfying and very tasty.  The side dishes were also very good and servers were glad to replenish them whenever you wanted more.  "More kimchi please!"DJK is in the middle of Las Vegas's Chinatown.  Nearby there are also Vietnamese restaurants and foot massage places.  Not bad if you want to get away from the busy strip for a little bit.
3	This place is nice and they have great barbecue combination specials. It comes with different types of meat, kimchi/banchan and soju. The only thing I have to complain about is that some of the meat is not marinated. What is the point of having barbecue if the meat is not flavored. The service is always good and this place is open 24 hours. Try not to go too late because there is only one server and it takes so long to get refills on your drinks.
5	DJK is, by far, the best Korean BBQ I've visited in Vegas.  The meat is always really fresh and not too fatty (huge problem at other Korean restaurants in town).  And unlike EJay, my favorite pieces are the ones that aren't marinated...dip the cooked pieces into the sesame oil/salt and pepper mix, place on a lettuce leaf, add some chili paste, and you're in food heaven.But even better than the bbq is the amazing, amazing kimchi chigae here!  It tastes just like Mom's!! (ok, no restaurant makes it quite as good as Mom but go with me).  Seriously, it is ridiculously good.  Plus, they add a few pieces of dduk in each serving (a little strange but tasty!).Oh, and the banchan is great!  I love the Korean-style potato salad (includes small chucks of crisp apples...sounds weird but it really cuts the mayo).Lastly, DJK has the friendliest servers I've encountered in any of the valley Korean restaurants.
3	QUEEN BBQ COMBINATION - for 3 people $63It lacks flavor! I've had better Korean BBQ than this place. Usually with unmarinated bbq, the Korean restaurant would provide flavorful dipping sauces. The sauces this place provided was pretty bland. The side dishes were really tasty though. The portions are good and the place was clean. That's why it earned the 3rd star. It seems like only one waitress could understand english. The combo was for 3 people, yet it only came with 1 soju or 2 sodas. That didn't make sense to us, but we figured they wanted to force us to buy the 3rd drink. They charged $2 for a regular can of soda. The waitress would constantly come over and cut up our meat, even after we told her not to. (Yes, I do understand it's part of their customer service and that this is customary, but we don't like being babied.) Overall, I would not eat here again. I'd rather save my money for a cheaper and better tasting Korean BBQ joint near home.
4	After inhabiting this earth for 27 years, I finally had the pleasure of experiencing Korean BBQ for the first time ever in Vegas of all places.  We left our $10 dollar beers behind @ XS and decided it was time to loosen the belt buckles at D.J.K.  A couple of awesome Koreans we were with guided us through the menu...ok, that's a lie...they ordered for us but I'm so glad they did!  You must must try soju-strong Korean liquor!  It really enhances the food.  Also, if you're in from 11pm-2am you get 20% off your bill!
1	I would give this place a 0 star if I could. I will never come back to this place because of the extremely RUDE service. We came with a large party after a night of clubbing wanting to get some korean food. My friend wanted the steamed egg, and the mama-san said NO because she wanted us to order it with something else. We tried asking another waitress who was about to put our order in but the mama-san came back and yelled at our table, 'NO steam egg!' I don't understand why we could not order a steam egg alone. Needless to say, we have never been back and left a $0 tip that night.
1	The service took a long time. A few korean people came in after us and got served and got their food before us. It makes me upset. When they gave us the appetizer, those dishes tasted rotten. It was so gross, we couldn't eat it. Even the kimchi was bad. We could only eat the salad. When we got the bulgogi it was pretty fatty. It tasted ok I guess. What really freaked me out and stopped me eatting was this: right after you pick the meat off the hot plate, and put it on ur plate, about 1 min later, it turns white. White like coagulated oil and fat. That pretty much grossed us out and with the rotten appetizers, I'm definitely not coming back here ever again.
4	They're open 24hrs so it's great for us late night casino people.  The bulgogi is probably the best I've tasted so far in town.  I always mean to try other things but alway keep coming back for that.  It's a little more expensive than the other places in town but the hours and availability make up for it.  Service is less than spectacular but I'm used to it.
1	Can't give negative ratings or I would.  There was a *DEAD ROACH* covered in chili sauce in my cold noodle.They quickly took it away before i could take a picture of it.  I laughed because I didn't know how to react.  To compensate, they gave me a free steamed egg and free fishcake.  They still had the nerve to give us a bill for the rest of the lunch.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
4	Not too much to really say about DJK. It's open 24/7, the food is decent! Especially for a place that is 24/7. Now I'm not going to compare this place to the places in LA. It's like comparing a hamburger from (DJK)Denny's to (Numerous LA Korean Restaurants) In-n-Out. Both are burgers, both have meat, buns, etc. But one has a very distinctive taste of being fresher, tastier, more personality i.e. Know what I mean?With that being said, DJK does have a happy hour, I think it's starts @ 11pm, I'm assuming it's to cater to the service industry folks out there. The dining room service is not too bad, it's kinda of everything you'd want, fast and courteous. The food is really not too bad. Since I'm usually one of those Vegas locals who just happen to "stumble" in here every chance I get, I usually get the soon-tofu or bim-bim-bop, both the stone and regular. Every time I've gone there, everything from the ban chan and the dishes are very decent. Really no negatives, however I do wish they would have noodles after 9 pm.
4	overall- Great! Delicious barbecue and tofu! The thing is that Korean people ( or people who have a great deal of experience in Korean food/ BBQ ) would probably not like this place very much. This place has different types of food, but my family ate bbq, so I can't judge the other things on the menu. Also, this restaurant had the type of bbq where you have raw meat and you grill it yourself on a huge grill in the center of the table.I have to say that my family and I were very, very hungry when we came here, and would probably think any food was good. But, we have tried several Korean BBQ and this was one of our favorites. I don't live in this area so I probably won't visit this place again, but I would if I came back.The service was a bit lagging, since all they were required to do was bring a few slabs of raw meat to our table. We ordered a tofu- ribs combination (sorry I don't know names) and 2 plates of meat: more specifically beef. We ordered one plate of delicious marinated ( Korean style bbq) tender beef and one plate of beef ( Chagol something or other.)My whole family unanimously agreed that both types of beef were delicious, but I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND the marinated beef if you were to get one type of beef. The waitresses/ waiters give you a bowl of rice in the beginning, and the tofu was delicious with that. Now, as I said before, we ordered a tofu- ribs combination. The ribs were fantastic, some of the best I've had. Trust me, I've had a lot of ribs ( Im a meat person).Pretty high class, nice, modern decoration.Hope you find this helpful!
3	Thank goodness this place is 24/7 that's the biggest draw for them. Drunkards who are hungry will generally not notice what's going into their mouths as much.  I'm a perfect example of this on just a handful of occasions:)  Food is a bit overpriced, and I know there's MSG going into all the dishes. This place is not for me when I'm sober. Take another pick anywhere on spring mtn.
2	If you're not Korean and haven't tried better-than-decent Korean food, or Korean but lack the fastidious care for food, you're welcome to stop by and spend your newly-gained winnings here.I guess since it's one of the few Korean restaurants and far less expensive than the one on the Strip, it deserves to be crowded. The food was edible, but I can't say much more. Perhaps it was the poor service and unfair prices that lead me to such passive-aggressive criticism, but a girlfriend must share her honesty.I found most interesting the autographs of celebrities who visited the restaurant. I hope they didn't have to eat from the same menu we did. Andre Agassi, I hope your dining experience was more than you deserve!
2	My ex-roomie lives in Vegas and I wanted to visit her so we were going to have Korean food at Mr. Tofu, but it was closed, so we went here instead.  The service was a bit slow.  I guess they saw a group of 6 girls and thought we just wanted to chit-chat.  They were slow taking our order, never refilled our tea, and we also had a hard time flagging them down for our check.The items are a bit more expensive than your regular tofu house.  It was about $10 for a soon dobu. My friends said the tofusoup had no flavor, but spice.  I ordered a nengmyun and it was good.  I guess I don't find many Korean restaurants with nengmyun to compare.Oh! A lot of celebrities come eat here.  They had a whole wall of signatures of famous Korean stars and a few American ones here and there.
5	Good Korean is hard to come by anywhere outside of LA and so this place really does a decent job. The service is good and the facility is really clean. Plus it's open 24/7! It's probably the better Korean restaurants I've eaten at in LV but the only downfall is that it's a bit pricey. Still, it's a good pick. Their Naegmyun (cold buckwheat noodle) is yumm (there's pine nuts in it)!
4	Came here with a huge group for lunch on Monday. Quick seating and service. Most of us got soondubu but it didn't come out as hot as it should. It's usually bubbling like a cauldron but this time it wasn't! We were sad and two of us asked to get it hotter. The waitress was funny, she yelled at us like we were her children. In general the food was good. My friend's cold noodles were bad but the ox tail soup/noodles were really good apparently. I would come back, it's not too pricey and open 24/7!
2	I think I might be spoiled. There are a few all you can eat places in LA that are both good and well priced i.e. Manna. This place was neither. I have to admit that the restaurant itself is probably the nicest and cleanest Korean BBQ place I have ever been to. It looks practically brand new. Then I opened the menu and discovered that each plate of meat cost at least 20 dollars. It took me aback a bit because I'm used to eating at all you can eat places for under $20. So I started to rationalize; maybe the plates of meat are huge portions or of higher quality. That was not the case. Each plate was a sufficient portion for one person and the meat was no better than the aforementioned all you can eat joints.Our waitress was really nice but she seemed to be the only person working the floor. This is one of those places where the waitress does the cooking for you so due to the fact that she was inundated with tables and we were hungry, we ultimately had to take over cooking duties for her. She was extra good though about making sure we had enough sides.For four plates of meat and a couple of cokes, we ended up paying close to $140. Not worth it!!
3	I love Korean BBQ but seriously what am I doing here? The air quality in here is unhealthier than LA's ozone layer. Even my underwear smelled like Kalbi afterward. Needless to say, going out afterward was NOT on the agenda. I mean, everything tasted great because I COOKED IT! But the realm of raw and cooked food is too hazy for my taste at this buffet. I like how they changed my cooking ring quite often. The only beer available is HAI, which is very weak considering Korean BBQ is a place to get your drink on.  I have to say that the soups offered here are top notch. When I lose my sense of smell, I definitely will venture back here.
2	:(wow..... this is sucks!Yes! I don't order BBQ, which means I can't have my ' traditional special home-made Korean dishes '??! sigh... SERVICES here SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The couple after me did even got their BBQ before my REGULAR bibimbap & drinks & appetizers! :( unfair... Also, one more thing got to mention to Yelpers: the prices are expensive! Pretty much $2 more than other Korean restaurant ( compare to Mr. Tofu )
3	Food is okay...service is good, but for Vegas, I would only go here if I needed to eat overpriced Korean food when other places are not open.
4	We came here with our parents for an early dinner and I was pleasantly surprised by its nice decor and friendly service.  I have a 7 month old baby and the staff totally oohed and ahhed over him and asked us if we wanted any soup and rice for the baby.  :)  Since we went around 5:30PM the place wasn't very busy.  The staff was attentive and we got our food quickly.  I guess I tend to think that Korean food outside of LA's Ktown sucks but it didn't suck!  We tried the eun-dae-goo-jorim (seasoned spicy black cod) and bulgogi hot pot.  The eun-dae-good-jorim was a bit too sweet but the bulgogi hot pot was pretty dang good.  I think this may be our go-to Korean place in Vegas.
5	The kalbi, kalbi tang, tofu soup, brisket, and pork belly is delicious here.  service is always great and its clean and roomy.  I love this place.
5	This was my first time here, and i brought my sister. It was Awesome. The Staff was friendly and helpful in assisting with us ordering off the menu. We went in at about 9pm at night. We cooked the Kalbi Ribs and some other things at our table. Our bill came to 45 dollars which was nicely priced for the Service and all the food we had. Its a plus that they are open 24 hrs a day for when your tipsy and hungry or get off work at weird hours and want Good Korean food.
2	The prices were quite.... ridiculous. I came for dinner, and was quite surprised to find that NONE of the meat I ordered (Queen Combo) marinated. My bill was $70 including tax and tip (for 4 people) these cheap-skates didn't give us one slab of bulgogi or kalbi. Plus the meat wasn't even fresh.I've definitely had better and I truly feel like I wasted my money. For nearly $20 per person, you could've gotten all you can eat K-bbq, it's just right down the street next to the 99 ranch supermarket. I don't recommend this place, and I am sure as hell I won't come here again or tell people about it. For a place praised by celebrities (Hines Ward, Paris Hilton, and Andre Agassi), they must either have low expectations or they were paid/given free meals to say that they liked the food. I call BS on that.. They've been all over the world, and I'm VERY sure they had better. My experience at this place: appalling at best.
5	This place nails it.  From the service, 24 hours, and food, DJK gets it right.  I came in for my usual craving of soft tofu soup, and finally found a place in Vegas that knows how to do it.  I walked in and was seated immediately, without having to stand around awkwardly like at some Korean places.  They had some nice refreshing boreecha (barley tea) and a menu with reasonable prices.  I ordered the pork tofu soup with the kalbi combo.  The pork was nice and tender in the soup and the kalbi was not stingy.  They even had a potato surprise appetizer in the banchan, some crazy thing I always look forward to but get disappointed when it's not there.  I also like how the spoons and chopsticks are already out in a nice box so you don't have that annoying moment when you're like, where's the silverware?  I will be coming back many times.
3	I like this place and would come back however my loyalties lie with either Mother's (also on Spring Mountain) and Min Sok Chon (near UNLV). I think DJK is a little more pricey...don't get me wrong, their food is good but if I can eat the same exact thing for cheaper, I will.
3	We were there on Labor Day Weekend, so I assumed they would be very busy, but in fact we got a table right away and the place was not crowded. That is why I was very surprised with the slow service. We ordered very fast and waited for our banchan and waited a little longer...and waited for about a good 15 minutes after ordering and finally they arrived, I loved the dried fish and the algae thingy, but immediately they brought our tofu soups and kalbi, so I got a little annoyed, fortunately the soup is hot enough (not as hot as other places serve it) that it could wait, but the kalbi couldn't, so we had to eat real fast. Since they were not extraordinarily busy the slow service was a dissapointment. As for the food. The tofu soup was not the best one I have had, but I'm spoiled by LA Koreatown restaurants, but it was not too bad, it was edible and just what I needed today.  It is also pricier than other korean restaurants in other cities. The Korean bbq seemed overly priced, I usually pay no more tnan $15 per person in LA or even Rowland Heights. The Kalbi was good, small pieces cooked well. Probably would only come back after a night of drinking for the 20% off and 24 hr service, which is definitely a plus for them. I will try the other place next time and see where they stand. So far asian restaurants in Las Vegas are not up to my standards, compared to LA and other cities known for their Asian neighborhoods.
5	Great food!  Their soon dubu jjigae is good!  I liked the kpop music they play in there! Staff is very friendly, great service!
4	Damn good place to take someone there for their first time. Was kind of a random place for me but my homegirl just took me there and told me it was her favorite Korean bbq so now it my new favorite spot
3	My boyfriend and I came with some friends. It was late and the other places we had hoped to try [first Shuseki, then Ichiza] were closed, so we wandered down here and decided to give them a shot on a whim. The boy and I opted for the Jack bbq platter for $60.95, which was a TON of food! Easily enough to feed 4 with all the side dishes. It came with a bubbling cauldron of soup & a cauldron of steamed eggs, as well as multiple kinds of meats and soju. We substituted a large sapporo for the soju. We shared another beer later and for the four of us, the bill ended up being less than $90. The amount of meat we were given was quite a huge portion, so they definitely weren't skimping! It came with a bowl of steamed rice and two different sauces, as well as bean paste, seasoned lettuce, cabbage kimchi, seaweed salad, radish kimchi, beansprouts & broccoli. The banchan tasted fresh enough when we arrived, despite it being after 2AM. The kimchi had good tang but didn't taste old, the bean sprouts were still crunchy, etc. The meat had good flavor, though the pieces of pork were almost entirely fat. I like undercooked bacon and enjoy a good piece of pork belly now and again, but it was too rich to have more than a few bites. There were occasional bone fragments left, so be aware. Overall a satisfying bit of meal and plenty of food for 2-4 people depending on the depth of your hunger. A good selection of meats and a surprising little 24 hour restaurant in the same shopping center as Mr. Tofu & Pho Kim Long. There were korean gameshows blaring loudly in the background and most of the customers and staff were korean. A couple that came in after us departed long before we did. Our server didn't come by very often after she got the meat all on the grill. At first she was really attentive and cut up our meat for us, but when we were ready to leave it took quite a long time. There's a wall near the door where they celebrity signatures and photos. Most of them are korean but Paris Hilton shares a spot on the wall, randomly enough. :}
4	This is my favorite Korean BBQ place in Vegas besides my mom's house. :PI've tried other things on their menu (Japchae, various soups) but if you're Korean, you know soups, stews, and casseroles at restaurants are never as good as your mother's. The meat at this place though is great.. I usually get one of the combo sets. For 2-3 people, the Love combo set is perfect. It comes with 3 cuts of meat, daenjang jjigae, gaeran jjim (steamed egg), and your choice of drink (soda, beer, or soju bottle). Rice, sauces, and banchan are a given. The meat is always fresh, the portions are HUGE, and for the Love combo it's like $40. AND don't forget you get a discount for being a NV resident after 11pm!! Also, this place is open like 24hrs and a few blocks from the strip so you don't have to drive your drunk ass too far and risk getting caught before getting some food to soak up that alcohol before driving the rest of your way home.
1	I came here with whole family on vacation. First they brought out old side dish that were gone bad even tho they had fresh one made. No apologies. Just told us they brought it out from refregirator this time. So the other one wasn't? Then we ordered Mak gul lee. I tasted a sip and it was also gone bad. We told the waiter. He looked at the bottle and argued that meant 90days from the expiration day so it was ok. Duh?! Does he know what expiration day means? It was a month over the expiration date. Then brought out a fresh bottle and said they would give it for 1/2 off. R they kidding me? They had perfectly good fresh side dishes and perfectly good fresh bottle still brought old gone bad stuff? I would avoid this place unless you like spoiled food and drinks.
3	Came here with family on a saturday.  We ordered the "queen" and the "jack" package. It comes with beek flank, beef sirloin, beef brisket, soy bean soup, and pork strips. They also have this awesome food pancake) here, It has good amount of veggies and a variety of seafood.  It also comes w/ Ggae Ran Jeem (egg souffle). All that, with a combination of the sides of salads, kim chee, etc.... made my tummy feel so fullDefinitely a place worth trying out.
5	Excellent food and service.  The price was reasonable, the place was clean, the service was excellent and the taste was amazing.  I have lived in LA for 25 years...so I know how a great Korean food should taste.  This place gets my TWO Thumbs UP!  It is rare I go to dinner after having lunch at a same place...but Dae Jang Keum pulled it off.  If you are having dinner, I recommend the combination dinner pack.
4	When you're in Vegas & want to get away from the madness on the strip & take refreshing break from Buffets....eat at DJ K Korean BBQ!Went her for a friend's Karen's B-Day Dinner, and left full, and buzzed, haha!! We took up one of the back rooms (good thing cause after 6 Soju Shots, & 3 Hite Beers later, we were loud & obnoxious). Loved the food, the BBQ Beef, Kalbi & Bolgogi that we ate, along with all the side dishes were delicious! Even the Seaweed Salad was bomb! Had Tofu pancake for the 1st time there too, and it was great! The cool thing is this place is open 24 Hours, so you can even hit this spot up after a club or whenever you feel like it. I tripped out that their Happy Hour starts at 11pm....so you know they got it crackin' late night. Check it out for yourself, and check out my pics that are attached. (Esp the pic of my boy Chris, he's crunked!) haha
2	Okay no. I don't care this restaurant needs to throw away their msg. I bet their sack of msg is more then their sacks of rice. This for me is not Korean food....it's very uh. COME ON MAN I EAT KOREAN EVERYDAY IF I GO OUT TO EAT KOREAN THAT MEANS SOMETHING! This place is overpriced for the food thats...eh. really it's eh. EH!!!!!!
1	One of the worse korean tofu places I have ever had in my life. I know my korean tofu.. what's good and what's not and this place is DEFinitely not the business for K-Tofu.. I was so disappointed after coming here from the clubs. I don't even know what to say. I have to give this a one star because, honestly, it's probably THE Worse korean tofu place...A 1 star because not only was the tofu had, but the service too. Didn't leave that place till like 6AM in the morning.
1	I went here twice. Both times the service sucked! Recently when I was here, i ordered the tofu stew (soondubu pork) and the seafood vegetable pancake. For some reason, my tofu stew wasn't bubbling hot at all and it didn't reach the rim of the clay pot!! Another disappointment was that I could hardly see any pork in my stew. I pointed it out to the waitress ("I ordered pork soondubu, but..where is the pork?) She watched me as I swirl my spoon in the stew, a little embarrassed/shocked and didn't know how to respond, she walked away!! The tofu wasn't the softest--more firm. The broth was ok, it could be more flavorful (maybe lacking salt or anchovie flavorings?) In addition,  i have tasted better seafood/vegetable pancake. The pancake here wasn't entirely crispy. It was a bit soggy. It was hardly touched.I went here twice for soondubu and both times it disappointed me. I've also tried the soondubo over at Mr. Tofu (which is a few restaurants down) and i think its better. The tofu in Mr. Tofu's soondubus are noticeably softer. I have yet to find a good soondubu place for this cold winter. But for now, I would settle with Mr. Tofu rather than giving this place another try.
5	When visiting Vegas for the xmas holiday, we decided it was time we experienced more than the Strip. Lets go to China Town !  Spring Mountain Road ! Wow, low slung (strip malls) see the irony? with hundreds of shops & restaurants. Chinese / Vietnamese / Korean / Japanese. WOW ! Its the Asian invasion of Vegas. Felt like we were explorers who discovered China (oooops I guess it is hard to "discover" since a lot of people live there, to digress even further:  there is a movement to change the record that Chinese merchant seaman discovered America many of hundreds of years before you know who sailed the ocean blue in 1492). Anyhoooo once my fingers hit the key board, they just keep going. Chose the DJK cos: 1. they were busy but didn't have a long line 2. after a brief walk through (under the ruse to use the bathroom) it was very clean with powerful exhaust fans for the bbq smoke. Alert... not all tables have the bbq grill & fan, so if you are goin  to get the bbq fare, tell them !3. greeter / sitter / cashier was nice & cheerful, I asked her if we needed to sign in, she responded I know the order and points to the two groups ahead of us....they are #1, and they are #2 and you are #3. Well we had 3 in our 'party' the other groups each had 4+ people. Low and Behold a table for 3 comes up. It was kinda like that old slot machine (since we are on the Vegas thing) where you win if 3 cherries land on the line....anyhooooo I point this out because the greeter then explains to the 2 other parties that a 3 person bbq table just came up and she would like to sit us there ! Wow, courtesy and class at a strip mall in China Town, not to say my expectation did not include those qualities, but at that moment I knew "its goin to be good".The food at DJK:Ordered the 3 person set bbq meal (I forget the name, but it was something like 3 queens), a variety of beef (including a sirloin steak) & marinated pork. I think it was $60 or $ 65. With steamed egg (kinda a egg thing like Japanese shawanmushi (sp?) = great,  tofu soup = great (really tasty not tooo salty), kimchi etc. etc. etc. One accompanyment that stood out was the marinated Daicon  (sp?) thin sliced with a delicated marinade - the best. Meat was tender & very fresh. For us tooo much for 3 people, had some of everything left over, and the wait person  asks if we would like to take it to go ? Hmmmm let me think, I am staying at ARIA with no utensils, no plates, and I am going to take bbq meat and aromatic kim chee into the room ? Ahhh no. It pained me to leave behind this great food. The service at DJK:Awesome. Attentive & considerate. My only comment would be is that they want to load of the bbq thing with a bunch of meat at once. I kinda had the feeling that it was a "turn-over" strategy, since this shortens the time, wouldn't want the diners to slowly and individually grill.... I can hear "too much time, load grill up, go back stir it up". I actually think they believe it is part of the good service thing. We did not feel rushed.Why FIVE STARS?Food and service deserve it, value tilts in favor of the guest. P.S. went back a 2nd time ! got the 2 person meal, and it was perfect for 3 people.
3	Such a nice little escape from food on the strip.  I try to make my way to this place every Vegas trip; sometimes it doesn't happen but I think I've been here enough times to pass judgment on it.Their banchan is great, lots of variety...and they have the cucumber kimchi.  To me, that is a HUGE plus...that actually might be the only reason I come here!  Service is usually pretty snappy, the food is good...obviously I've had better but for the price and in this location, I can't ask for too much more.  I usually opt for the L.A.(?) combo, which consists of sundubu and galbi.  Sometimes I've gotten the bibim nengmyun...either way I've been pretty satisfied with what I've ordered.
4	I came here with a large group of people a few days after Christmas. There were so many of us they seated us at a large table in a separate room, which was very nice. That way if we were too loud we wouldn't be disturbing the other patrons, haha. The room was very cold when we were first seated, but after they turned on the heat everything was ok.We all ordered the $14 combo which comes with your choice of tofu soup and an order of kalbi short ribs. I had the beef tofu soup and it was very yummy. The side dishes were also very tasty. Service was also good. It's worth a trip if you have a car and happen to be in the area and are craving some Korean food.
5	My Favorite spot priced well and plenty of side dishes. The service is always excellent. This trip we order 2 King for 6 People and the portions were just right. The beef was so tender it melts in your mouth. The beer (Hite) we ordered was refreshing too... light, perfect to compliment your meal.
4	This was the first place we ate at when getting into Vegas...The food was good, prices were good, and service excellent. We ordered the BBQ for two. It came with samgyupsal, chadul, and yangnyum gogi. Also came with egg casserole and dwenjang jjigae. It was absolutely wonderful, oh yeah it also comes with a bottle of soju and all of that just for around 45 dollars. Which isnt bad at all one order of samgyup in orlando is 20 and there is a minimum order of two which brings you to a total of 40...so WAY cheaper than Orlando.The service was wonderful, since Orlando has such a small Korean community my husband and I asked the waitress about what Vegas has for a Korean community he really just wanted to know about the hwaro hwe (live sashimi). So she told us everything we needed to know and when the bill came she gave us a twenty dollar discount!! So our meal came out to about thirty dollars so what we would have paid we just left as tip for her.I reallllly reccomend this place to everyone!! it is WORTH IT!!!!!!!!
4	The meats are very fresh, the seafood is well seasoned and also fresh, The sides accompaniments are plentyfull, the only draw back is the price, slightly pricy for Korean bbq.
4	Budae JjigaeSO GOOD! Wasn't super oily or greasy where you can't eat more than a couple bites. I probably could have had the whole thing by myself~ The portion was generous, too (enough to feed three adults). They did take a while to serve it though considering there were only about 4 parties there for dinner.Side dishes were not that plentiful. Potato salad, kimchi, dried anchovies, etc.The bu dae jjigae was more than enough for us but we ordered hwe neng myun too which was also yummy.Overall the service was good, price decent, and the place big and clean :)
5	We are NEVER disappointed when we go here. Open 24 hours and ready for your korean craving at anytime. Unlimited sides and all delish. The only thing that sucks is that everytime we go there, they have a different side dish and not the same ones that were so good the last few times. The service is always great.....for an asian place.
3	If you're craving Korean food in the middle of the night, then DJK is one of the few options available. I've gone here on multiple occasions during normal hours as well, and while good, it's not the best I've had. In summary, the food is okay, the menu is overpriced, service is so-so (sometimes great while other times not) and the atmosphere is nothing to write home about. Although, I am a fan of the wall of celebrities that can be seen when you enter DJK...I also am a fan of the mini Asian figurines. On my past two visits, I ordered the Sundubu- a bubbling bowl of spicy soup filled with silken tofu, onions and your choice of meat- sans egg. The first time, I ordered the Haemul Sundubu, which came with an assortment of seafood (shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari). The flavor was good, but some of the seafood was not the best quality. On the second visit, I ordered the Plain Sundubu, which came with pieces of pork belly. The broth was a little salty and much more oily than I like my Sundubu to be. The banchan served were okay as well. I did enjoy the pickled garlic stems. I also enjoyed the complimentary hot tea that they serve.For good Korean food, I don't have to venture far from my own home. But when I'm out and about late at night and I'm craving Korean, DJK is on my list. Maybe I need to try something other than sundubu the next time around.
3	The food was good, I don't have much experience with Korean to compare but, it was unique for sure and good experience. I don't know if I want to go back but, I think it is more than I am unsure if I like Korean. It seemed to lack flavor a little and spice. But that might just be because it is Korean.
5	Food: 4.5 starsService: 4 starsValue: 5 starsWe ate here last time when we were in Vegas and it was so good that we decided to come back again. Same as last time, we ordered the Love set dinner, which included beef brisket, pork loin, chicken, unlimited refillable side salad and kim chi side dishes, steamed egg custard, tofu soup, and soda or soju beer. All these food for just $50. The service was attentive and friendly. It is definitely one of my favorite Korean restaurants.
5	I am in love with this place.  Its open 24 hours (yay friggin yay) the meat and onion sizzling makes me giddy!!  the sides i love.... i would probably come here everyday if it was cheaper.  Plus i get to catch up on my K-dramas too!!!
1	Ordered the pancake, bulgogi, galbi, and some shrimp dumplings... Worst Korean place ever. No flavor in anything. Meat was bland and was disgusting to eat. The sides were no better. Would never return!
4	Not the best sundubu I've ever had; but it certainly was a tasty meal.  The banchan was good, and I particularly liked the eggplant cooked with onions and bell peppers.  I got seconds of that; and could easily have eaten a huge bowl.  We did notice that the egg took a bit long to cook, we wouldn't have minded getting the sundubu a little hotter.  There were lots of ingredients in the sundubu, so that by the time I was nearing the end of my rice, the broth had pretty much gone.  They brought us water at the start, but when we asked for bori cha they brought that too, at no extra charge.  There are several sundubu place in the immediate area, and though I'd like to try them too, would have no problem with coming back here again.
3	Dinner with a party of seven on a Sunday night at 6:30, not waiting to get seated. Service was good, not great. The food is good but not great at all and priced higher than it should be. The side dishes, one thing that really gives a Korean place personality, were lousy. There are so many choices for Korean in Las Vegas, there has to be places better than this one.
5	After losing 11 lbs i decided to gain it a back again :) ... well i gain 2 lbs of it back ... this is THE PLACE ... Great food service is great  ... i didn't even have to cook it all ... I ordered just a Queen and was enough for my family of 4. The side dishes are great and you can request more too. I like this place to take guest from out of town too.
1	Worst Korean restaurant I've ever been to!!!Yes they are open 24 hours but god forbid if you are in a group of young non Koreans!! My experience started out normal enough. After a night of dancing on the Vegas strip, our Vegas local took us to djk because she said the food was bomb and she always goes there after clubbing. We were seated immediately...... In the far back where the the kitchens are. We all got waters and started browsing the menu. My local friend already knew what she wanted but the rest of us took a minute to decide.Now, Korean restaurants are notorious for giving shitty service to non Korean customers but my experience here was so much more disrespectful than any other restaurant. First, the ajummas running the place took the orders of the other older Korean party who were seated AFTER us even though we were clearly ready to order. Second, my friends tried to order rice but the lady snapped "oh we outta rice" and instead of letting us know what is available, straight up walked away from us and tended to other patrons.We ended up walking out without ordering. Having made to sit there for over an hour while being ignored and snapped at was too much, we were just hungry. Never coming back here again.
3	Korean bbq in the wee hours of the am. Good times!Food ain't bad, prices are reasonable and you'll leave with kbbq smell in your hair and clothes. What more can one ask for?Nothing too memorable, moreso since I had a few ladies with me who wouldn't have remembered anything anyway after their inebriated fun.
4	This place has some dam good Korean BBQ. Went with the King - which was an assortment of meat, onion, mushroom, the usual banchan, and some other extras I've never seen at a Korean restaurant before. Such as chopped lettuce instead of romaine, and a pretty good fluffy egg dish.The two watching over our table did a very good job of asking if we were doing ok, and I guess we looked like noobs cause the lady ended up doing it for us. No matter, as I was too buzzed to be wanting to be playing grill master. I also learned some tips on cooking for the next time.The array of banchan was great, and provided extra layers of flavor to the grilled meat. You can refill as much as you'd like. OH... and I almost forgot, our meal came with a little bottle of Soju as well which was a nice accompaniment to the meal.Friendly staff, awesome food, and open 24 hours...I'll definitely be back here.
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I aways have such a GREAT experience here. The food is so DELICIOUS and at good prices, the service is really good and they're really attentive. I don't agree with any of the other reviews that complained about the service because what ever time i've eaten here and who ever the server I've gotten I have NEVER been disapointed. The short bbq ribs and caffe latte gelato is my fave!!
1	I hate to give this place a 1 star.. for the effort of staying open 24hrs, it atleast deserves 2 stars. But the service there is so horrible... I seriously could not do it. I witnessed something so irresponsible happened at this restaurant that could've gotten it into some major trouble if I wanted to complain about it. So instead of going straight to the health district, Im just going to let people who care enough to take time and read reviews about what they eat before they eat it know so that they can beware in the future. The other night at 4AM, I went to eat there with my boyfriend. We were around the area and decided to eat Korean food since that place was opened all night and had 20% off everything on the menu until 8AM. On first impression walking in, the place seemed clean and spacious with about three booths occupied at that time. The place itself is rather larger than most Korean restaurants, had a cozy feel to it and sits about 60+ people. It was bright with light and seemed suitable for late night gatherings with friends. But, that was about it on the plus side of our experience.The only waitress working there did not greet us immediately because she was too busy finishing up the spoon she was drying in her hands before getting to us. She was unfriendly, did not speak understandable English and looked as if she was pissed off because we had walked in and now she had more work to do. She sat us down at the table and I saw her immediately go back to finishing up her spoons. She didn't get us water or anything right away. I know most places, that's considered bad service, but I wasn't that picky to fuss about it at that time.The menu itself was similar to most Korean places. It had tofu soup, bbq and combination plates. Nothing too out of the ordinary, however, the price was about $5 more expensive than most places like Tofu Hut and Mr. Tofu. We got the combo with seafood tofu soup and Korean ribs to share and ordered an extra side of rice for $2. She did not bring our drinks out until we got our side dishes. When we ordered the soup, she didn't ask us about our preferred spice levels and didn't even bother to make eye contact with us or let us know she got the ordered. All she did was write it down, said nothing looking away, and walked off leaving us kind of dumbfounded. The side dishes were very skimpy for 2 people. I understood we only ordered 1 thing, but it was a combination that is close to $16 with $2 extra for rice. She didn't care to accommodate the platings for the party at all, even when it was complimentary.  The soup itself came out boiling, but with dried soup spilled on the side of the clay pot. No one bothered to wipe it off. It wasn't like there was a small amount, you could tell a lot of the soup was spilled on the side. The soup itself tasted good, however. I enjoyed the taste greatly, but to be honest, it was the same as every other Korean resturaunt. Nothing that left a big difference. I noticed for the price they charged, our shrimp in the seafood was baby shrimp and very, very tiny.  When our ribs came out at last (the combo pretty much came out one at a time), there was 6 pieces of ribs and looked very dry. What do you know, it was. The ribs itself was not marinated well enough, there was that sesame oil taste, and slightly sweet.. but that was pretty much it for the ribs. I did not enjoy the ribs at all. There was 2 people sitting next to us drinking the whole night we were there. On many occasions, I noticed the waitress came over and talk to them, and kept on standing there talking to them in Korean. She payed every attention to that table, and pretty much left us in a corner the whole night. She never bothered to refill our drinks or clean the table that left right when we got there across from us. It was dirty the whole night we were there. She even watched TV and talked to the cook instead of cleaning the table. OKAY so are you ready for this? One of the guys who were drinking was talking to her before we finished our food. He took out a cigarette and lit it up, smoking in front of our waitress. She did nothing, and continued talking to him in Korean. The other guy smoked afterwards and they both pretty much smoked in the restaurant, with us eating a booth away from them. My boyfriend and I were speechless. They ignored us and kept smoking. At one point, one of the guys got up and with smoke in hand, walked across the restaurant to the restroom hallway. I could not believe how irresponsible this waitress was being. If that was being allowed in the main lobby area, I wonder what goes on in the kitchen where they prepare our foods. I've gone to bars and karaoke lounges where they served food and let us use "cups" as ash trays. But that was different than an actual dine in restaurant such as this. It's like management letting you smoke inside a cheesecake factory. I could not believe it. This place is so corrupted.
1	This is the worst korean food ive had yet! My soup was water with a few peppers sprinkled in it.  The sides were sad limp and old and the service was horrific. I will never eat here again!
3	I am actually a regular at DJK super super late nights/early mornings because I get out of work so late and always seem to crave Korean tofu stew. This is one of the few Korean restaurants open at odd hours and it's close to home so I tend to go out of convenience and habit. Truthfully, I give their tofu stew maybe 3 out of 5 stars. I enjoy it every single time but it's certainly no BCD soondooboo from LA or sogongdong from the east coast. I have yet to find a tofu stew that can match up to either cities in Vegas. I always ask for it as spicy as humanly possible, and they bring it out mild to medium-hot almost every time. One of the great things they offer on their menu is their combination (tofu stew + galbi, korean short-ribs) for $14.95 so with the locals discount 20% off, it's a fantastic deal. I have tried various other items on the menu and the food is overall good... so I WOULD recommend it to people; however, do not expect the greatest of service. Usually the ladies are extremely kind and friendly, but they are understaffed every single time I go. There's 1 waitress running around with her head chopped off serving a handful of tables bbq, side dishes, drinks, etc...  Korean bbq is supposed to include full service (grilling the meat, refilling side dishes)... basically extra attention than your average restaurant. With 1 waitress and anything over 4-5 tables... be prepared to feel ignored. Don't take it out on the waitresses though, they're usually the sweetest of Korean ladies busting their butts!
4	The food is still good here; although, the service hasn't kept up. I entered the restaurant past midnight and while you don't expect people to be sprightly, but it did take a good five minutes for the server to notice I was there. The banchan came out with the sundubu and kalbi which was disappointing since I was hungry and could have had something to chew on earlier. The server did not come by to check if I was ready for payment after leaving the bill with me and I had to prompt her by standing up after a while. The service might be better earlier in the day, but I can't judge them on a time I can't come by at.
3	We stopped by for korean bbq at 8pm. We ordered the King bbq beef platter and to my surprise, the meat had an overbearing scent to it. The closet thing I could compare it to.. is the scent that is associated with pork? It's odd! All of the cuts had that scent, some more so than others. I felt like the brisket had the heaviest scent, but my sister thought the sirloin had the most. I'm not sure if this is typical, as I was told by a local that food from the west coast isn't as good when compared to the east (water quality). I'm not too sure if I'll come back for future visits.. service was great, but the meat thing threw me off. Maybe I'm spoiled by my usual korean barbeque in philly?
3	...  average comes to mind, TBH.   don't mistake that this means the food is bad, but certaintly won't leave u with a memorable impression of Vegas - sorry.^^;LAYOUTspacious and very comfy.   the lighting is bright and the decor is welcoming.  my friend pointed it out and i agree that this place is vented very well - for those who hate leaving a BBQ smelling like grease.^^*SERVICEprompt and attentive, although lacking in cheer...   i honestly think "cheerfullness" is a key service and a convincing reason to the customer that they should look forward to the meal.    but, like i said before, service is attentive and they made sure i did not wait to eat my meal by each dish before i finished with the last.FOODmy party ordered the "Short Ribs" and "Pork"..   i found the "short ribs" average tasting, falling short on marinade, but thought the order of Pork savory.^^  i'm shocked to say that their house salad is kinda "meh"...  to me, good korean salad is an IMPORTANT accompanying item to eat with ur meats (especially to wrap the meats in).PRICINGa bit under the average cost of other Korean BBQs in Vegas.   surprising, despite it's prime location (nearest to the highway exit).CLOSINGi hear my other friends enjoy this place...  but, personally, i'm all about the taste of dishes - not ventillation, party atmosphere, etc.
5	Okay, so I'm from SoCal and you know what that means...LOTS of yummy Korean food to choose from. I have to say that this place rates right up there with the yummies of SoCal.We were visiting Vegas for the weekend and hooked up with some cousins in town. They brought us here. I was very surprised by the amount of food that came...and kept coming. Not only is this place open 24 hours, you can order as many servings of the side dishes as you can shovel in your tummy! Oh and we didn't have to cook our own stuff either. Every few minutes, someone came by to check on the meat and turn it for us and then pile more on until we finished everything we ordered!! The meat was cooked just right and very full of flavor. As for the sides, I think we must have gone through 3 orders of the cucumber and the daikon and 5 or 6 orders of the fish cakes!! The parking lot of this strip mall was very crowded and we had to park several store fronts away but the restaurant is family friendly (at least during dinner) so that's a plus. My preschooler loved the food and the staff didn't seem to mind that she dropped her fork a few times and we needed extra napkins (those with kids know how meal time can be). The restrooms were clean too. Another plus for someone with a bladder the size of a pea and a preschooler.If you are in Vegas and you have a car it's definitely worth it to venture slightly off the Strip to visit DJK. And, since they're open 24 hours, you can come for a late night snack after the partying or gambling and then head back to the Strip with your gut replenished! Heck, it's probably even worth a cab ride!
4	I found this place on Yelp (thank you reviewers) and one of the main reasons why I decided on this place was because someone reviewed that they have great side dishes.  And I am a side dish HO!  Give me some good side dishes and some rice and I will call it dinner!  This place is located in the strip mall-ish looking area on Spring Mountain.  At first, I had a hard time finding it by its address because I couldn't find "Dae Jang Keum".  But I guess all the cool kids know it by DJK, plus, who the heck can say Dae Jang Keum unless they're Korean?  So look for the DJK sign and you're there!We ordered the typical BBQ meats and everything we ate was delicious.  The only reason why I took a star off was because you really had to flag people down to get service.  Not that that's a bad thing.  But by the end of the night, I was getting tired of trying to laser beam eye contact an employee that walked past our table as they scurried past with their head down.  If you're in Vegas and want to check out a Korean restaurant, check this place out.  Oh and did I mention the UNLIMITED side dishes?
4	I love this place since the quality of meats is good here. my friends and I love to come here for a half price All You Can Eat Buffet which is served after 11 pm. Apart from that if you order a la carte the food also delicious especially Mul Naeng Myun,Bibim Naeng Myun and etc.The down side is the price is a little bit high.Dae Jang Keum Korean BBQ is  worth a try. Great place to eat.hotly recommend.
5	While in Vegas we spent most of our time on the strip.  But we met a friend at this place.  She lives in Vegas so she knows all the good places off the strip.  This was a great pick.  I have never had Korean Bbq before this.  I am in love.  We ordered a meal that is meant to be shared.  Three of us shared it.  They bring out all these sides like egg, sprouts, peppers, kimchi.......you name it, it was on the table.  Then they heat up the grill in the middle of the table and put different cuts of beef and pork on it.  YUM!  Its was so tastey, we couldn't stop eating it.I only wish there was a Korean Bbq place in my neck of the woods.  We would be there all ther time!
3	My wife was sick and had a craving for spicy Korean soup.  Figure that I obliged.  A hot and spicy soup is a good remedy for clearing up bad sinus congestion.Several things:- Compared to other Korean restaurants in the area, I thought the prices here were a bit more pricey- My wife ordered the spicy tofu soup.  She stated that it was just okay.  Honestly, I have to take her word for it.  Tofu and I do not mix.  LOL...- I ordered the Seafood Udon Noodle stir fry.  I thought the presentation was pretty cool.  Noodles were served over a "taco" shell.  It tasted okay.  Nothing special.- As for service, they had two waitress waited on us.  One person was a bit too demanding.  It was more of a pressure to order and rush things.  The other person was more calming and allow us time to review.  - Finally, usually at a Korean restaurant, there are like little dishes that they serve as an appetizers.  Here, the dishes were 8 vegetarian dishes. They were not that great.Overall, this was a very average Korean place.  Would I go back?  Not really... there are better selections in Vegas.Cheers.
1	Ate here today and have been here plenty of times before. unfortunately the food quality has come way down and the service was very  very bad, so much so that we will never go back. Was always one of our top choices for Korean BBQ, but now toward the bottom of our list. First time we have been here where restaurant was empty.  And now I know why.
5	All I know is that I had four different types of Kimchi along with Korean BBQ and fresh Tofu at 130am! Enough said? Well no because this is Yelp...This poor lady was all by herself working and the the place was packed and her monitoring of our table more than adequate. This is one of those hidden gems that foodies will appreciate. No trendiness here. No booking reservations on open table and no beginner chop sticks. Nope just really good fresh food.This is one of the places that, even though our service was great, I cant judge to harsh on service. That is left for fine dinning. I have had tons of Korean BBQ and YES this was the real deal.If you want to get away from all of the glitz and glamour  and have some late night happy hour (20%off) muchies, if you don't like the Kardashians and Jersey Shores then this place will make you smile!
4	Korean food, how I have pushed you aside and given up on finding all the foods that I truly miss. I apologize for my negligence because when I am taking a preemptive strike against a hangover, I come running to you for nourishment and comfort. Dae Jang Keum is one of the few Korean restaurants that are open 24/7 and doesn't gouge you for it. I swear I am coming to terms with the fact that I need to make it myself, go to K-Town in LA, or move back to Korea to get some of the dishes I miss most. The menu is large, but has a few time restraints. Having a craving at midnight cuts down the menu, but there are still quite a bit to choose from. Katrina M. asked for something new and would make the waitress do a double take. Was there such a dish available? No, it is as mainstream as you can get. We had ordered the kimchi dolsot bibimbap($13.95). The hot stone pot  crackled while getting to our table, but sadly, there were no charred or crispy rice pieces. The flavors were still amazing. When we broke the over easy egg, the yolk and gochujang bound the rice together nicely. It is searing hot, so watch out. We had also ordered the doenjangjjigae ($9.95). Sometimes it can be too salty from the soybean paste. This one was delicious. Bits of beef, pumpkin, peppers, and blocks of tofu in a stew like broth was good to settle my upset stomach. From 11pm-6am you can enjoy their happy hour. Have no fear, jumping from one happy hour to another does not mean impending doom. A nice 20% off the entire check will get you food to nurse you back to health.
5	Wow, my experience here was totally awesome. The staff and food ROCKED!!!  thanks
3	Had breakfast at DJK recently and it seems the chef has changed for the better. Their rib bone soup was good- flavorful with a good-sized beef bone in it. I wouldn't have come if it wasn't for my mother who told me it that had changed. Will definitely come back again. Their side dishes changed too and they were tasty.
4	Big Korean restaurant in Chinatown of Las Vegas. Better decor than other Korean restaurants in town and definitely cleaner. The marinated galbi is cheaper too at $29/order compared to $33 at Kimchi. However, there is no All-You-Can-Eat Buffet. Nonetheless, the food is delicious and the place is bustling with business when I went for CES. The owner is friendly and walked around to make sure everyone is being served with satisfaction. That's because service is slow, they're definitely shorthanded. Overall a good experience!
3	First thing I have to mention is MSG. They put a ton of it in their meats. Aside from the huge amounts of MSG, food is good. haha. I've stopped going there because of the amount of MSG they put in their meats.(MSG will raise your heart rate because it blocks the blood flow, so in essence you will have trouble sleeping if you've had it for dinner.) If I have trouble sleeping after a single order of Kalbi, Thats nuts!
2	I have been here several times in my years in vegas  (about 11 years), and it was ok-good. BUT YESTERDAY, was the worst. Came in around 2 am, had to wait for 10 mins for a table. Even though theres only 1 staff in the restaurant, i was still upset. I ordered the sunada combo (tofu spicy soup and short ribs, and couple of side dishes) for $15.  I love the some of the side dishes, the worst are the kimichis, the best are the broccoli, potato salad, and the bean sprouts. The short ribs were the worst. it was marinated with some sour taste soy sauce base. ehhhhhh!!!!!!!!! the worst. The soup was good, bunch of seafood and tofu and vegiis. Overall, not coming back for couple of months.
4	This will be our go to place when we crave korean bbq.. This is not a AYCE korean bbq but they do have several choices of meats and its perfect size for sharing. love their side dishes. the fish cake had alot of flavor. and my favorite. The pork belly was delicious and they had a beef flank steak which was soft and flavor full, Service was good but then again we were the only ones their. will be back again for the steam egg mmmmmm.
4	I recently went back to take a couple friends to get Korean. I believe they got rid of all that MSG. Slept like a baby after eating a ton of Kalbi.
4	A must go when I visit Las Vegas. The food is always good and the employees always nice and attentive. I always order their kalbi type soup but I can't remember the name but I know where it is in the menu when I open it up. It's always good when the place is packed with asian people and your the only one in there that can't speak the language. Will go back here again for sure.
4	24 hour KBBQ! YUM, service is quick and friendly and willing to fill you up on the wonderful vegetable side dishes. They cook the meat for you table side and let you know when it's ready. Portions are generous and they even include free soju with certain meals! :D
4	20% off at happy hr! 11pm-8am. Love 24 hr Korean food! Esp at this time and excellent service
3	Went here for lunch during my trip to Vegas. I really liked the venue, very nice and clean; staff was also really friendly. Service was quick.We got the LOVE combo, which came with a good amount of food for two-- just enough to fill you up. Side dishes were good, but not the best. The meat is pretty fresh as well.
4	D.J.K. Korean BBQ serves the best Soondubu and Bibimbap in town. Would recommend the traditional soju with your meal.  Reasonable priced menu and they are open 24hrs.
3	I choose my comfort food carefully: It has to be available 24-hours and it has to have a lot to offer - i.e. large portions and a well-rounded taste with lots of flavor.  So what's my current comfort food?  Bibimbap!  I suppose there are far more "guilty" comfort foods such as macncheese or a fast food meal, but DJK's Bibimbap with bulgogi is just bliss to me.  A wide range of tastes and it's nothing particularly heavy, greasy, or guilty that I'll feel bad about in a few hours.  But I digress - DJK is located off Spring Mountain and is, as mentioned, open 24 hours.  They offer a fairly decent Tofu Soup with slightly sad collection of banchan late night -always the same, generic, not particularly fresh - coupled with my bibimbap and the late-night percentage discount, it's a fairly nice place to hit for a cheap price.However, their table BBQ is very expensive - it's a pre-set package that starts around $50-$60 bucks that you essentially need to have several people there to help foot the price.  To me, I don't mind paying for that at Honey Pig, but the quality at DJK is not quite fantastic enough for me to justify the price.  The girl overnight is very sweet and friendly, replacing an older woman who grunted at me instead of using actual words.  Sigh.  But new girl is friendly and offers good service.I also enjoy the various Korean television shows, from the K-version of American Idol to the world-famous Running Man to Korean news.
1	Clearly I won't go again.  Last week I was there with my family.  The young waitress dropped a piece of the beef short ribs on the holding tray, then she picked it up with her pink fingernails and put it back "onto" the dish trying to pretend nothing happened.  Then she askes if it was okay.  Well, this is not a proper way of treating customers.  The food was dirty for sure.  There was another more experienced waitress helping out later on, but the impression has been totally ruined.
3	First thing we walk in the hostess was very nice and seated us right away, after we sat down and waited about 5-10 mins for our waitress to come over, and served us ice water, but didn't ask if we need anything else to drink. Then when our waitress is taking our order(that's after we waited for another 10 mins after the ice water is served) she didn't really smile or even make us feel welcomed....sad....! And no suggestion on the menu what so ever, plus the waitress was giving us a annoyed attitude seems like we took too long to order food from her and we are wasting her time!! After ordering, she brought me my coke but with no straw, ok... Maybe a lot of people don't use straw, but asking don't harm!! Over all the food served at a good amount of time and good quality as well, but the service are the only thing I was not pleased!!! I still suggest this place, for people who don't mind poor service but like fast service and good food!!!
1	I loved this place bc of the sundubu combo but due to there services I will no longer be going there . Pretty much every time i was there i ran into some kind of problem with the service...the first time they lady didn't even wait to hear our orders before leaving she just ordered , she cut my friend off as he was talking so when the orders came out instead of 2 combos and one soup she ordered 3 combos 2nd time we found a hair in the food and not just a small hair but long and white -_-;;. but fortunately she was able to take back the food immediately and bring one a new one for us.3rd was the last strike we went on a Tuesday night after we ordered we expected the side dishes to come out earlier like it usually does but no we waited and we couldn't even get any service to come near us. got the food which was the only reason why we still come here.throughout the meal they checked up on us once? and when we asked for more side dishes they gave us dirty looks, by the end of the meal we never even got a refill on the water. but lastly i'm guessing she was the manager or something she brings us the check when were finishing up eating and left it alone since one of our friends was eating , but when she returned to see the check wasnt paid she was like please pay your bill ( like wtf? cant you see someone is still eating) we felt so rushed to get out even when the restaurant is 24 hours and there wasnt many people. But the thing that really pissed us off was when we left we put the tip under one of the side dishes so i guess it wasnt easy to see? but the lady who took our bill ran back to us and asked us " where is the tip??" WOW REALLY!? after u rushed us to finish our meals and get out you actually think you deserved tip? tip is privilege not a mandatory.seriously cant get over how bad the service is, it'll be a while before I go back or even go back at all unless they fix there services.
3	DJK is fine if you're looking for a nice location and a clean, modern Korean restaurant.  Their food is overpriced and their side dishes (banchan) are adequate at best.  For an order of kalbi, you pay about $28, which is about $5-$7 more than it should be.  Other dishes are about 20% higher than other Korean restaurants as well.For business lunches or if you're looking to introduce Korean food to someone, I would still give DJK some consideration.
2	This place is open real late which is great for all schedules, however the two main things I have ordered are sundubu and mulnaenmyun.  The sundubu has barely any flavor. The mulnaenmyun was terrible, they didn't even use buckwheat noodle.  I'm not a meat eater so I really couldn't give a review on the korean barbeque.  I know that it is not all you can eat. I believe that i won't be returning only because the day I ordered the buckwheat noodle, I advised the server that I did not like the noodles and she stated that i was the only one to say that I didn't like it and that everybody enjoys it.  Hmm..anyways...foods not so great so I'm done! :)
4	This is twice now I have been here and I still have no idea what I ordered - and that's awesome, cause I liked it both times. Once it was cold, the other time it was hot - and I swear they're both called the same thing.The 'appetizers' (I have no idea if that's what you're supposed to call them) are great - kimchee, fishcake, seaweed, etc. They even throw a little potato salad in there for me, just so I feel at home.I was disappointed to see that lunch menu only applies to weekdays, isn't Vegas a 24/7 town (or as the kids call it - 31)? Dinner was just too much to eat. Okay, I admit, I did eat it all.
4	Place is good. The menu is extremely over priced. I think if they toned down their pricing they would see more return peeps. The plus side is after 11pm its 20% off your entire check.
5	I'm in love! 24 hours and on Spring Mountain rd. What could be better!!!! I'm here at least once a week. My boyfriend can hardly ask me where I want to eat before I blurt out DJK in a loud excited voice. He's nearly sick of it but I'm not anywhere close to there yet. I sit down and the waitress knows our order. Talk about service! I don't really like to BBQ I like when they prepare my food in the back. That way my clothes don't reek of smoke and I get to sip a beer while I snack on the sides. I always order the marinated beef and ask for the (sorry I don't know the correct name) but the seafood pancake sauce. yummmy My boyfriend orders the beef ribs and the tofu soup spicy with an egg, it's decent. People say there are better places for Korean BBQ and they may be right but when you find a restaurant that feels like home and always dishes out your favorites quick stick with it! DJK loyal~
3	Kind of pricey for the food but it's not a bad place to go.  I got the love and I thought it was decent.
5	Awesome place! The food is great and so is the service. A to go place for traditional Korean food when in Vegas.  :)
3	Nothing to write home about. Food is ok. Not my favorite. I'd actually not eat Korean food in Vegas. Rather cook it at home or better yet go to my moms place. All in all it's a fair place to go. You'll get your fix of Korean staples but will probably want to try other places before returning.
4	The tofu soup was very good! I was surprised to find so many Korean restaurants in Las Vegas.  Next time I'll try the barbecue.
2	Drove around Spring Mountain looking for some place to go. Mr. Tofu was closed and Tofu Hut looked really busy.  (I was only gonna go to Tofu Hut for SOONDUBU, NOT Korean BBQ!!!)Hunnie Bunnie and I decided on DJK. Sitting in the booths I really feel like I need a booster seat. The booths are SO low. Hunnie Bunnie just wanted a bowl of noodles. I asked if they could replace the SARI (side of cold noodles) for UDON noodles instead since she won't eat much. They did not honor the request so I ordered the full portion, DOLSOT UDON, for her. I decided on the DWAEJI SUNDUBU (spicy soft tofu stew with pork). HB really enjoyed her udon noodles. I just picked out all the noodles for her into a smaller bowl and left all the other garnish in the big bowl. My sundubu was decent. Spicy with small pieces of pork in it. I really prefer Mr. Tofu for all my soondubu needs though...I also find that the prices are a bit higher here than at other Korean restaurants. I probably wouldnt come back here unless I wanted one of the cold noodle dishes since I can't seem to find it at other spots - but definitely not just for soondubu or Korean BBQ.
3	Annyong ha seo? Being half Korean, I love to enjoy a good Korean meal from time to time. The first couple of times my family came here, the food was good, the service was fast, and we left feeling satisfied. Our recent visit was not the same. Service was slow, food was not that good, and now they automatically add tip to the meal, even though my family was only a party of 4. Prices are a little on the highend too. The meat selection is still good as well as the japchae noodles. Not sure if I will visit this place as often as before, but if you're in the area with a large party, where you don't mind the tip being added automatically, it's worth giving it a try.
2	Eh. This used to be my go to Korean food restaurant. I ordered a pick up order today, the pork tofu soup (soon du bu) and a order of Kalbi. I was so shocked first by the price! Haven't been here in a while but I am pretty sure that the prices definitely have gone up in the past year. Not appetizing. Secondly, my soup was not as delicious as I remembered. There was no flavor! Also felt like i got a smaller portion than usual. Completely disappointing and I don't think I'll be back. I have VERY high standards on Korean food and this was far from it. There are so many other places out there that I will now be looking for a new Korean restaurant. This used to be good, ain't horrible but I've had better.
4	Come in at 9 am... yes you heard me... 9 am. AHAHAHA recoving from a night on the strip. Anyways being from the Midwest and not having many Korean BBQ places, this place was actually amazing to me. We ordered a lot of food, for three girls xD. and ate all of it. The staff was super nice, probably because we were the only ones there and probably because they thought we were still drunk.Anyways, the pricing here was actual cheap ( I thought) compared to the Korean BBQs in Kansas City. Then again, all the restaurants Ive been to in Vegas, I thought were cheap. Next time Im back in Vegas, Ill be here again =DP.S they have a wall filled with Korean stars, and they were surprised that I knew half of them ahahaha.
2	Ive had good experience from this place once. I came back with a friend and was very disappointed. There was hair on one of the side dishes. Service was horrible and the place wasn't even packed.
5	This is my favorite Korean BBQ spot in town. I have to beg my Korean boyfriend to take me (which is at least once a week). They have high quality meat and my favorite selection of pan chan (sp?). A highlight of coming here is that the service staff remembers and greets you warmly. Very attentive staff with excellent service and amazing food.
4	Open 24 hours, parking lot, clean, well-lit, relatively close to the strip, not overly expensive, tasty, and very good service....a much better option than Denny's.  Had Bi Bim Bap and a combo Cold Noodle with BBQ Short Ribs.  We did not feel like cooking, thus sat at a non-cooking table.  Noticed that the waitresses help you BBQ your meats at your table rather than just dropping off the meats.  Good selection of side plates and they refill with no problems.  Short Ribs were thicker cut and tasty.  Noodles and Bi Bim Bap were also good.
3	You guys are too expensive for my broke ass. Good food though.
4	I know what to expect here. Slow service, cook your own food, but it's good and I keep coming back. We get the "queen" combination meat plate *no pork * extra brisket instead. This is straight up grubbin' you'll leave stank like BBQ but in a happy food coma.
4	A little pricey, but what Korean food especially in Las Vegas area isn't? They give plenty of side dishes and service is decent. Open 24 hours which is convenient for those late nights. I'm a fan of the tofu soup, and seafood casserole. But their main thing here is more for Korean BBQ.
2	The food was good however I don't think I would eat here again. 1. The portions they give you is really small. 2. Customer service sucked. We asked for more side and the lady started putting sides on the table with an attitude. My friends and were scared to ask for things because of that.
2	For our last meal together in Vegas, we decided on Korean BBQ. We were pretty excited / tired / hungry after dancing and partying all EDC weekend and also because we were all preparing to go to the airport in just a few hours.We strolled into Dae Jang Keum and thought, hmmm it smells pretty good... and the pleasant experience went downhill from there. As we were deciding what to order, we wanted to order a smaller package (bbq for 3 and then 3 apps since there were 3 girls and 2 guys... typically Asian girls don't eat a lot either) for the bbq so we could order more sides and apps.  We weren't trying to be cheap, we just didn't want a bbq buffet at our table when we wanted to try some appetizers. Well, this didn't sit too well with the waitress... but also keep in mind we were heading to the airport shortly... who wants to smell like bbq on a 5 hour flight? Anyway, after ordering, whatever we asked for afterwards... like more tea, clean plate, utensils, whatever you name it, she would give us a dirty look and just  plopped it on our table. It was also uncomfortable to ask when the soju we ordered was coming.Overall, the food was pretty decent. It was delicious and the price was alright. However, the side sizes were a little on the small side- most Korean restaurants will replenish these within reason  but like I mentioned earlier, she wasn't too thrilled about this. The food really did hit the spot, however the service was less than stellar.
3	I liked the place, but thought it was a bit over priced. We ordered the king BBQ and it was more than plenty and the meat was super tender and pretty good quality. Wish they would give out fresh lettuce leaves. The spicy bean soup that came with it was awesome. The cold rice tea had a great flavor, but way too sweet. According to what I heard Korean waitresses work more like a team and they believe that for them to keep interrupting you during your meal is rude, maybe that's why some find the service stand-offish.My husband hated the place, he thought it was way overpriced for the food and service :(
5	The only place I will go for kbbq in vegas. The meat is wonderful! Not to mention the popularity it has from hallyu stars! Kpop and actor/actresses.
4	At first I was going to take a star off for the price, but you can totally fill up 4 people per order, like Misti Y. says "[you] can easily get 3-4 servings" out of these orders. I went with 7 others and we ordered two queen orders (just missed the happy hour) and were able to all eat plenty and leave happy. It's funny to see those who don't eat at places like this that often, who start to awkwardly put the menu down and say "I'm not that hungry" to leave after dinner with "That was fricken awesome food, thanks for taking me!" cause this place does that. EYE OPENING!.... the quality is great, meat and meat... onions?.... hmm... plus kimchee... yeah, that's a salad - I'm good for veggies here. But like I said if you've never eaten here before, trust those that invited you, yes it looks expensive, yes they speak mostly Korean here, yes you're the only white person here..... ok well not all the time, but it was for us.... that go with the flow here and try everything. Enjoy.
4	My go to place for Kalbi tang (short rib soup). I love this place because they're open 24 hours and offer a 20% discount after 11pm nightly. The free side dishes are tasty and refills are gladly given.
4	expensive but goodDJK late nights after the club is the business tho!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Get the beef tounge & fatty pork... Sesame Oil & Salt is the best with these meats!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	High prices but GREAT quality.You really get what you pay for here.We got the "King" bbq. So yummy! Feeds 3-4 people, but if you're a hardcore Kbbq gorger like my friends, this actually fed 2 of us "satisfyingly". If 4 of us dined, I'd order 2 of the kings to feed us all. Comes with lots of meats (king is all beef, the others have pork options, etc), lots of quality sides (my favorite of all the places I've been to so far), and soju.The bill came out to 75 bucks plus tax.I would definitely come back!!
4	This place is good.  Try it.
4	Love me some Korean BBQ!  I'm very cautious when it comes to table top cooking and quality and cleanliness, otherwise I'll walk out.  But let me tell ya, I was very impressed walking in. And even more impressed by the staff and food once served.  We ordered the $50 "Queen" for 5 adults and when you combine all of the side dishes included with the platter of meat, we all finished full and satisfied.  I recommend DJK above all other Korean BBQ's in Vegas.
5	Great food and service. All workers are friendly and very understanding of what customer wants and needs.
1	Not the best Korean BBQ I've ever had. Also has bad service. No one checked on us for refills or if we needed anything.
4	Tasty kbbq. Good portions. Great for group outtings. Will come back again!
2	I got on yelp to see some korean bbq in the area and saw close to 4 stars so tried it out but wont be coming back. The food basically sucks compared to any of the spots in LA (except for this 1 place; unfortunately I forgot the name) .. lol. The service was ok but Ive had better in much less expensive restaurants. Oh, yea .. I spent about the same amount of money as I would at 5 star places in LA. On the good side the waitress gave us 20% off our bill for some reason. Im not sure if Vegas has a good korean bbq spot but I know for a fact the Vietnamese joints are as good as in LA.  oh ya ... this place is open 24/7.
5	We came pretty late, but had great service. We were constantly being attended to. The prices were reasonable and the options were great. Although they were out of the beer that was recommended everything else was great.
2	Had the bibin naengmyun here. Being originally from cali I have high standards for korean food. That being said. The naengmyun wasn't very good. Kind of bland, not that spicy at all. Good bibin naengmyun should have a hint of sweetness and be quite spicy. This sorely was not. The naengmyun itself tasted store bought and not made from scratch. The kimchi and kkak doogee was decently fermented. Just wish the noodle had more flavor. Decor was nice and service was decent. But this may have been attributed to the fact we were 1 of 3 tables here.
3	The mulnaegmyun was really good here but now it's just ok. The kalbi...definitely could've been better. The banchan is still pretty good and service is quick and friendly. Overall I think the food is good but it's hard to see myself coming back here because there's so much alternatives. Honestly I ended up here because Mr.Tofu was closed lol. But I think DJK is good because of the location and they are open pretty late. I recommend the son tofu with seafood and kalbi special if you are there.
4	By far one of the best Korean food that I have tasted in a long time! We went in an off hour before the dinner crowd and the service is impeccable . We had Korean Bulgulgi and it was cooked in front of us in the grill and we had the seafood pancake and that was amazing! I don't think I will ever get anything better and the next time when I go to Las Vegas I definitely will be back!
3	The mulnaegmyun was really good here but now it's just ok. The kalbi...definitely could've been better. The banchan is still pretty good and service is quick and friendly. Overall I think the food is decent but it's hard to see myself coming back here because there's so much alternatives. Honestly I ended up here because Mr.Tofu was closed lol. But I think DJK is good because of the location and they are open 24-hours I believe. I recommend the son tofu with seafood and kalbi special if you are there.
4	Get the Bento box for lunch with pork. Disregard the spice warning they give you about the pork. It is amazing. You will not regret stopping in at this great place!
5	Food here is great. Prices are better than other KBBQ joints and service is amazing even in a packed house!!! LOVE itWe always order LA style short ribs, beef bulgogi and a tofu soup. This time we added an order of Chap CHae (crystal noodles) and we LOVED it!The mini appetizers of kimchi and other pickles/salads were refilled every few minutes!I would visit there again in a heartbeat.
4	When I was first introduced to DJK, it was described as the not-so-great-but-open-24-hours option. Screw that. I'm a fan. Granted, we do have a tendency to only go there when it's after hours and everyone else is closed.My go-to item lately has been their Haejangguk. It's a generic term for a beef hangover soup. It isn't quite as good as when I first tried the dish at a place in Garden Grove, but it's enjoyable nonetheless. Then again, I've never had it when I've been hung over.I've also tried their Galbi Tang. Again, nowhere near as good as this one place in Seoul. But come on now. That's an unfair comparison.
1	Worst service i have ever had in my life. Mind you i went really earlier in the morning but this is no how you treat customers anywhere. Some of our party of 5 arrived late and were not even greeted or given menus/water. We had to call the waitress over to even order. She didnt check on us once or do anything a regular waitress would do. While leaving, she called us back into the store to ask us why didnt leave tip. When we explained to her that we didnt feel that she deserved tip. She got angry and told us to never come back and started cursing at us in korean. Ive never been so insulted in my life and i cant believe they have someone like her representing their restaurant.
3	Came here on the way back home to LA from Vegas because we were craving some soondooboo. The banchan (Korean side dishes) variety was mediocre. They served steamed broccoli marinated in sesame oil. Ghagdoogi (radish kimchi), odeng (fish cakes marinated in sesame oil), kongnamul (bean sprouts marinated in sesame oil), kimchi, potato salad, and cucumber kimchi. I ordered the seafood soondooboo (medium spicy), but it came out pretty bland, so I sent it back to the kitchen to make it spicier. Hmm.. that might have been a mistake because it came back a bit too spicy and I could barely eat it. The servers were all sweet, but the food was average at best.
1	Wow...ok I don't want to get in to details..the waitress started to scold me for ordering more stuff... period.. f this place..busy or not this is never understandable. Never ever again n so does to everyone I know.
4	Super limited vegaterian options but the tofu soup was awesome,  we will go back just to have this dish. The price point was decent.  Two of us had. Soup and waters for 24$If you eat meat my. Understanding is that this place is famous for Koren Bbq  the walls are. Lined with celebrity photos and autographs.  Service was okay Food speed was good
2	I was craving korean bbq one night and decided I'd eat somewhere I've never been before, so I ended up at this place. I ordered a combo that came with some spicy tofu soup and a few pieces of short ribs for $18. The tofu soup honestly tasted like mildly spicy water, there was hardly any flavor. The short ribs were somewhat good. The whole time while I was eating, nobody came to my assistance asking if I needed anything else. Minutes later a young lady came and asked me to pay even when I wasn't even done with my food (I found this kind of rude). I told her I wanted to order something else because I was still kind of hungry, so I went and ordered some beef cubes which came out to be $28 (Pretty pricey for a plate with a few pieces of meat). She still insisted me on paying for my first meal and then pay for the other stuff later. The beef came out to be a little over cooked, there was no juiciness to it. The whole entire time, still, no one came to ask me if everything was okay. I wasn't too satisfied with the customer service. All in all, I could've gotten all you can eat korean bbq over at Korean Garden, Tofu Hut, or Sura for way less with better service. Don't think I'll be coming back.
4	The go to place for Korean food in Vegas!  It definitely helps if you know what to order or have some knowlege of Korean dishes. The combo deals are great but in general the foods are with added Vegas premium.Don't expect the top notch Korean food from L.A. or Fort Lee/NYC but pretty good enough to my satisfaction.
4	Richard Pro here with another review.This is a pretty solid joint for korean food. We got the $50 meal where you grill your own pork loin, galbi, and one other kind of beef. First off, you get a lot of meat, and unlimited refills on side dishes. I eat a lot, as you may know, so this place definitely deserves a Richard Pro size stamp of approval.The side dishes are tasty. Potato salad (korean version?), broccoli, some sort of sweet potato, and various side dishes. We refilled most of them 3 times. The broccoli is my favorite because of some sort of special sauce they put on it. Your meal also comes with steamed egg and a bowl of spicy tofu soup. Bright, cozy, and the booths are nice. 4 stars.
4	wanted to go to tofu hut but line was long, so decided to come here instead.good food and the best deal are the combo deals, but would probably opt for tofu hut across the street as they have better price, sides, and larger portions, unless the line is long there.
3	I really liked the decor of this restaurant, it's definitely not your typical Korean bbq. They do not have all you can eat, so the offer combos with about 4 different meats for about 65 dollars, the size of the order is good for two people. The food is very good but is truly overpriced. If you compare it with other restaurants you can have all you can eat for about 18-25 bucks. The service is really good and they really put an effort on giving you a good dining experience!
5	I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant. We (party of 3) ordered the love combo $50ish (samgyupssal+marinated beef+chadolbaki+soju or beer+egg jjim+salad) which was meant for 2 people. We had to leave some piece of meat behind because we were too full. But most importantly, the taste is really good. My dad is very picky on food and so he would not eay it unless it is good. But he gave two thumbs up. I give it 2 thumbs as well.The service was really good, too. We had enough refills of salad and other banchans. The waitresses and the restaurant owner kept asking us if we needed anything else. The only bad thing about the restaurant is the location. We tried getting there by bus from lv strip. It took us a good half an hr to get there because of the lack of bus lines that go straight from the strip. But our trip was so worth it considering the taste and quality of the food and service!
5	I lived in vegas half year,I really love this place.I like sea food tofu soup best,it's very fresh!Right now I moved to La,but I miss the food !!!
4	Always trying to find a regular spot for Korean BBQ. Not wanting all you can eat and having tried many spots in town, we again tried another. Upon entering I saw all Asian customers-good sign! Please keep your eye on the menu and do NOT use the bathroom and you will be ok. Luckily I used the restroom (or tried to but couldn't because each bathroom was completely stuffed with toilet paper!) after eating otherwise I probably would have been grossed out and could not eat there. The walls had dirt and smudged on grease? dirt? I tried to look away ASAP because it's enough to make you sick. But the place was packed and that was a good sign too. Trying not to judge a book on it's cover...Back to the food, we ordered the meat combo that included 4 meats for $65. Beef brisket, pork belly (extremely fatty in my opinion, but I suppose when I order it cooked at other restaurant's I don't see this much of the fat.) I think most people like the fattiness, just not me. Beef brisket, marinated meat (not bulgogi, something else, it was cut into small chunks). I liked the dressing on the salad, the banchan, soup and steamed egg that came with it. It was pretty expensive but I it seemed like the same price as ordering 2 types of meat which were $30-35 each but you would get a bigger portion of meat according to the waitress. We went for the combo to make it easier since we didn't know what to order. I think next time I would order the meat I want separately since the meat they gave us was very fatty. The service was good, at other Korean BBQ restaurants sometimes they start grilling it for you then leave you alone and while it begins to burn you never know if you should remove it and risk offending them or let it burn and hope they return before there is fire. In this case, the waitress returned exactly when it was ready, each time. It was amazing how good she was with all the customers in there. I would probably come back and try it again. But really, they need to clean those bathrooms and slap a coat of paint on the wall.
2	I know this restaurant is opened 24/7, but that is, by no mean, an excuse to serve sub-par Korean food, especially when it is centrally located in Chinatown!  The three of us ordered the Queen combination, and the amount of food was perfect.  The quality of the food, however, I can't say the same.   Maybe I am used to Korean food being flavorful and so delicious that I can't stop eating, but the combination was just a-ok.  The side dishes were also just a-ok.   **The combination did come with a choice of drink.  We had a bottle of soju, but I couldn't have cared less if the free drink didn't come with it.  The service was also sub-par.  Yes, they come to your table and cook the food for you, but I can do that myself!  In fact, it's one of the reasons why I like Korean food!  Also, our water glasses and tea cups were always empty.  I have to ask them to refill it every time.  After the second time of asking, the server pour so much tea that it spilled everywhere.  I am not sure if it was done to prove a point to me, but the thought did cross my mind.  The three of us ended up paying $25 each including tips.  For the bang for your money, go somewhere else.  There are plenty of wonderfully delicious Korean food in town, why settle for less?
5	love this place to come after work w my friend. We always get the set dinner withe spareribs, and rice, and tofu spicy soup with all the dishes served as a Korean crudite. YUMYUM! the ladies are always nice and give us a nice table. I love the discount we get after 11pm.:) I love it here. We went to Lees after to see what sweets they had available at this time of night
4	if you need a korean food fix in vegas like i do, this is the place to go!  prices aren't overly priced and the side dishes are plentiful.  the food was delicious and it just what my friends and i needed before our private poker tourney at mandalay bay.service?  definitely better than most korean places.. anywhere.  lol.  if you've frequented korean restaurants, you know exactly what i mean.definitely will be eating here again on our next trip out to vegas!
2	The service is really poor here. I think the server is trying to lie to me that the food takes a long time to make, but it doesn't really take that long. She also gave me the wrong order when I asked for non-spicy but she gave me spicy. I am not coming here again.
2	I've been to many of the Korean restaurants on this strip of Spring Mountain, and this one probably should have been skipped. The stew I got had just three pieces of meat in it, and when I asked to purchase a bit extra meat, the manager told the waitress no, that I had to order another stew if I wanted more. Odd. Not mention that their prices are already a bit higher than their neighbors. So, low marks for skimpy stew and inflexible service. So many others to choose from anyhow!
4	Dont know what all the negative is about?Portion is good. Service is ok. We order the marinated chicken and the spicy fish cod eggs for a family of four. We are all full. I m not korean. I was treated the same as any other that walk in. Overall the food was tasty and the side dishes was refill when we ate them. Prices was fair. Compare with any other Korean bbq. There was a wait when we got there.
3	Food was way too pricey for a restaurant like this! Me and my husband ordered "love" combo which was 50 dollars w only a lil bit of food. Well it was only fair that we went there because tofu hut across the street was packed. Will I come again? Maybe, if they adjust the price to a reasonable level.
1	Walked in ordered Kalbi. The waitress says they have to cook it in the kitchen. Order comes out with two bones and 5 little pieces of beef. I ask where is the rest. She ignores me and walks away. 5 min later and 4 bites im done and still hungry. Check comes. $36.  Overpriced and stingy on the portions. Bad service to boot. Leave $0 tip complain to the owner and walk out. Be warned.
3	The only good thing about this place is it opens 24 hours. I ordered an appetizer(Tofu Gui) and soondubu Jigae, they didn't give us banchan so I asked for it, and then the waitress said something like we didn't order enough food, so they actually could not give us free banchan. This is the first time I heard such thing in a KOREAN RESTAURANT. Service was sooooo bad.
4	I'm gonna thank this place right here for preventing a hangover that im sure i earned.  After a night of drinking a little tofu soup and rice was just what the doctor ordered.  Even the soju and beer that I ended up consuming here could overcome the tofu from soaking up all that ailed me.  The food was really good.  Better then I expected from a Vegas Korean place.  They had all the side dishes that you expect and everything was brought out in a timely matter.  Also open 24/7 is a nice touch.Bottom line.  If your wasted in Vegas and need something to soak up the poison this is the place for your Korean medicine.  If they had fried fish also it would be 5 stars easy.
5	Went here for the first time and was not disappointed. Delicious food and good service.  Was not as cheap as I thought it would be but well worth the money. I'll definitely come back here when I visit Vegas
5	Good place for Korean food!  I love their Kalbi and the YukGaeJung soup!  Bit over priced but they offer 20% off dine in after 11pm for all you late night people.  Love all the sides too.  Yum!
3	Food was decent. Nothing spectacular. It's your typical Korean bbq restaurant. Service was friendly. We had the king meat combo for 5 people. Comes with 3 bowls of rice. If you want more, there's a fee. In our opinion, this combo was not enough for 5 people. This combo would be good for 4 people; or 3 starving people.
3	I came to DJK with my family tonight, but I was the only one out of 4 of us who really loved it, which is why I only rated this place with three stars.My parents both got a dish that is called Galbi with Buckwheat Noodles, which I got to taste. Basically the dish has two parts: kbbq kalbi and a cold soup with buckwheat (soba) noodles. They liked the Kalbi, but the soup was.... peculiar. It has ice in it! Like they were not joking when they said it would be cold. It was like a soupy slush, lol. There was cucumber, ginger, and jicama in it, as well as some type of meatloaf slices. The soup was sour. I wouldn't say the soup was bad, it was just strange. I guess we're just a family partial to warm soup.My brother got the Dolsot Bibimbap, which looked outstanding. I ordered the Galbitang. Oh my goodness. Their Galbitang is wonderful, and I highly recommend you order it if you ever visit this place. If there is ever a rainy day when you might feel gloomy or if you feel a bit under the weather and just need a warm and cozy pick-me-up, this soup will do you wonders compared to the plain ol' chicken noodle. The soup was brothy and so full of flavor. I was given a very generous portion of meat, too. The noodles were cooked well and the green onion added enough of its own flavor to really make the dish special. I added lots of black pepper to mine and also dumped my rice into the bowl, just as I usually do with this dish. Perfection. I would like to comment on their Pan Chan (sp? The little side dishes each table is given to enjoy with their meals). There were two particular dishes I wasn't familiar with - the broccoli and the potato salad. Wow! These were lovely additions to the meal! I finished them completely and so quick! The broccoli was steamed and flavored with sesame oil, simple and yummy. The potato salad was chunky, but also creamy -- a potato salad that was mostly potato and not just a plain mixture of several ingredients. This potato salad highlighted the texture and flavor of the potato well and was a pleasant surprise. I tried their kimchi too, which was fine, but the kimchi at Mother's is better.Because of the Galbitang, I would definitely visit this place again. Yummy eats, for sure.
4	DJK has been the go-to Korean restaurant for my family and me for ages. We often come here for dinner and sometimes even for their Happy Hour. Their Happy Hour is after 11 PM and you get 20% off your check. We come here often enough for one of the workers there to actually recognize us. We do realize that there are a lot of Korean BBQ places that offer AYCE and offer cheaper prices than DJK but price isn't really a factor for us. We want the quality and DJK has never failed to deliver that to us. Sure we could go to an AYCE Korean BBQ places but most AYCE Korean BBQ places in Vegas have fallen off the quality latter. One of my favorite things to order at DJK is their spicy tofu soup. I typically get the version with pork and at medium spicy. Always yummy. I think there only had been one time where it wasn't as flavorful but all the other times it was great. I also love how they would crack in the egg for us too. We also get an order of pork belly and marinated galbi. What I LOVE is that their galbi is not the thin "LA short ribs" or that's what they usually call them at the supermarket. Their galbi is the huge bone with a strip of meat so you're getting meat meat meat meat meat! ;) Their pork belly is always very yummy too. Some pieces maybe really fatty but it's typically a good combo of meat and fat. The service can be a bit slow sometimes depending on the time of night but we've never really had any major problems. Yes, I realize that DJK is not the BEST. I've had better in SoCal but this is not SoCal. This is Vegas and as for the Korean restaurants in Vegas, DJK is certainly one of the better ones IMHO.
1	I am from Chicago,IL and I travel all over the states for my business, this is the worst Korean BBQ ever. The food was old and chewy and the service was very poor.They literally charged for lettuce they said it was extra, the side dishes were about five and when we asked for refill they were reluctant and not cooperative.Don't go to this place unless it is free.Big disappointment they also use gas instead of charcoal.
5	Although the sea food pancake was enormous the entire meal was authentic and delicious!  Try this restaurant if you enjoy a good Korean meal.
1	This place was kind of a disappointment. It's an average Thursday night. Wife got her bibimbop, I ordered the galbi which they refused to let us cook at the table since we only had one "BBQ" order, which is fine. I understand they don't want to clean more than they have to. No one even made any effort to come by and check on us during the meal or refill my water. Food is average,  ($35 for mediocre galbi, over priced IMO.) service-thumbs down. I will not return.Might I add, I pulled my credit card out of my wallet to set down on the table and they showed up with the bill before it even hit the table. (All while managing to avoid my empty water glass that I purposely pushed 3mm from the edge of the table)
4	Prices are a bit high. 5th time coming here the service wasn't that good. Their seafood tofu soup is great. Prices are always too high for me to try the Korean BBQ. They have happy hour from 11pm to 8am though.
3	Really hits the spot for late night food in Vegas. Food is ok for a Korean BBQ joint. Prices are fine. We ordered the King and split between 3 people which was perfect
1	Let me start this off by saying that this has been my go-to Korean BBQ restaurant since I moved to Vegas at the end of 2009. Normally the food is really good and the service is mediocre unless you are Korean (and mediocre is being generous).Tonight, a group of us that work in the same kitchen on the strip went out together. We got there around 11pm and requested a table for 7-9 people as we weren't sure how many were showing up.  We were told it would be 15 minutes, as another part was almost finished and they needed to clean up, so we waited.We were told our table was ready, and then no one showed us where it was. Being that it isn't a large restaurant, we found the table and sat down.  This is where it fell apart. We waited over 30 minutes to get menus, at which point I simply went to the front and asked for them. Shortly there after, our server showed up and her exact first words to us were "Yeah what do you want?"We ordered 3 bbq dishes, japchae, 2 dumpling apps and she said "this it?" and then scolded us for not having the full 9 (we had 6).  20 minutes later she brought out our side dishes and yelled at us for not being squeezed to one end of the table.  We proceeded to adjust seating to try and lessen the load on her (we figured that was what might be upsetting her, having 3 of the 5 occupied tables in the restaurant).  She brought out our food, threw some meat on the grill and we never saw her for the next hour.I cooked our food on the tabletop grill. I cut our meat, I served all of us the food that was cooked, and I even cleaned up and stacked the used dishes in the hopes she might notice and maybe take them, or refill our drinks.  Long after we had finished eating, she simply threw the check presenter onto the table and walked away.  4 of us fought over paying, all threw in cards, so I walked to the front and asked the split the $100 check four ways. She said no, said a few things in Korean that I wasn't able to understand (I do speak a bit), then told me she would only split in on two cards. After this experience, I will more than likely not be going back to DJK, despite their galbi being excellent.  I've never in my life had such a bad experience with a server, and I've been working as a chef for over 15 years (and have caused my share of servers to leave in tears/had them screaming at me in the middle of the kitchen).
4	When Mr. Tofu is closed on Sunday this is a great back-up.  Their Bi Bim Bap is solid.  It is a bit pricer than some other options, but overall reasonable. Be warned, English of the staff is limited but was able to get what I wanted.
3	Food wasn't too bad here, but next time I'll try something else. I ordered the Bibimbap. It was ok, but I've definitely had better. My family had the Kalbi - a little overpriced I think. It was $35 a plate, but the portion was worth maybe $25. My sister also didn't think the quality was so great (I don't eat meat so can't give my personal opinion). However, the staff was pretty friendly and the place was clean enough (from what I could see). I just wouldn't go out of my way to go here. If you're starving and it's on the way to where you are going sure. But if you can wait, I would hold out till you come across something great.
4	Service is excellent.  Every staff made sure you were comfortable. We had the love bbg combination for $49.99.  Complete meal and Korean sake.
4	Service was great. Food was great. We ordered the Love bbq. i believe that was $45. Comes with portions for 2 and all the side dishes. the kimchi taste a little weird. Maybe it was just me. Other side dishes was delicious. Just a great Korean bbq spot. Got in and out quick. Will try again next time.
2	Ambiance: 2 - The restaurant is very bland and feels like you're sitting in a kitchen that isn't decorated very well. I've seen places that really make you ignore the overhead vents because of the decoration around the room; this isn't one of them! Service: 3 - The restaurant wasn't that filled, so it was fast for them to take our orders and bring out the food. After that, they didn't provide us service any longer: they didn't fill our water or come around very much to check on how we were doing. It even took a crazy long time for them to bring us our bill! Even though they were very nice, the amount of time that it took to do these things was a little unacceptable with their practically empty restaurant. Food: 2 - The silverware is kept on a box near the wall, which I don't like. I feel that it's very unsanitary since anyone can touch your spoon. Also, walls near tables can be the dirtiest places--not a good space for spoons! The sides were of average quality in both food and taste. I didn't like any of them--not even the kim chi. For lunch, I had a lunch special bento box that had beef ribs, rice, an egg omelet/roll, pot stickers and a salad. Everything was average, none of it was tasty. Probably the best thing that I ate was the white rice. It was a pretty big disappointment considering how many reviews they had.//Tip: The only thing I liked about this restaurant was that they provided their WIFI password on the wall of every table, which was really nice and useful. Other than that, I say pass this restaurant over. There are better places.
4	Very few places get naengmyun (cold noodles) right, but this is one of them. I ordered hwae naengmyun (spicy cold noodle with raw fish). It wasn't the best I've had, but it was good. The family and extended family ordered tons of different kinds of meat to cook at the table. My kiddos loved the kalbi. It was tender and seasoned just right. The service was awesome and friendly. I would definitely go back and take friends if I'm ever in town again.
1	I hate this place. Don't waste your money. We ordered the king size combination which was $80 and I swear they gave meat enough for one person. Service was terrible and after we confronted them about the meat and how little it was 3 people, they told us that we should have gone some where else for all you can eat KBBQ and just stopped coming to our table. I love KBBQ but I'm never coming here again. I thought it was us but I have never had such a terrible experience. I've worked with customers and I would never in a million years tell people that they should have gone some where else. For $20 a person, you can go to tofu hut and get AYCE KBBQ. Which would have been $60 but no, we paid $80 to get half hungry stomach. I would definitely recommend you to go somewhere else because this place is terrible with service and food.
4	The kalbi here is tasty, tofu stew hits the spot when you are feeling under the weather. They have combo deals which are nice if you have a group of people also comes with a bottle of soju :)
1	Mr. Tofu was closed for electrical issues and my family had already parked....so plan B we walked over here.  Everything was mediocre and disappointing with this restaurant.  This restaurant only has tables with the bbq grill in the center and parties of 7 are shoved into a little booth with a chair at the end.  They seriously need more table space if they are going to put out banchan and food items.  Due to the fact that the table was so crowded, a glass of water was knocked over.  The waiter...stood there and didn't offer assistance, no towel or additional napkins.  The box with the chopsticks was emtpy, we asked for chopsticks.  We had to ask a few times before chopsticks were brought over.  At one point we asked for additional napkins, and the waiter told us they were available on top of the counter and we could help ourselves!!!  Excuse me?! What did they hire you for? This last encounter with the waiter pretty much sums up the customer service at this place.  Onto the food, the banchan consists of kim chee, pickled cucumbers and radishes, bean sprounts, mashed potato, and broccoli.  Probably the lamest combo of banchan and the least tasty version I've ever seen.  I've had food court Korean with better banchan selection.  I was craving cold buckwheat noodles, since I was introduced to it at Soyo the week before.  However, this place obliterated my craving probably forever.  The noodles are thinner than the first version I had and clumpy.  The beef broth tasted like MSG water....it was altogether a horrible dish.  The galbi was overly sweet and didn't have a nice char on the outside.  The bimbimbap was just average.  The seafood pancake also was mushy and didn't have the crispy exterior that some places can achieve.  The sundubu is definitely not as good as Mr. Tofu....there's a reason why people pick this place as plan B.  Although Mr. Tofu has a much more limited menu, the prices for basic items like tofu soup, noodles, bimbimbap are probably $5 less over at Mr. Tofu.   For me this place will be plan Z...i.e I probably will never eat here again.
3	Been coming here for years and this restaurant has become one of my favorites in the valley.  You'd think this joint would be overshadowed by all you can eat KBBQ establishments along Spring Mountain but I've always found myself eating here every time we're near the area.  I guess something about the food in this place I find better than other places around it.We usually tend to go for their Korean barbecue combinations which is either Love or Queen.  Why get something I can get across the street for cheap?!  Quality over quantity my friend.  This restaurant has also never been closed down by Southern Nevada Health District so I feel far more comfortable eating here than the latter.  Now back to their food, combinations usually come with beef brisket, pork loin, beef flank, soy bean soup, steamed eggs and unlimited serving of salad and homemade banchans (Korean side dishes).One downside about this place is their service.  Perhaps, I've never really gone here at an earlier time but being the only group at 3 am and still not get decent assistance is quite surprising.  I'm not asking for them to cook every single meat we have on our table as I can do that myself.  If I had to stand up and serve myself water or chase down the server because I want more kimchi is just not cool.Overall, Dae Jang Keum is one of the better Korean restaurants in the valley.  The fact that they're open 24/7 is a plus since we can drop by anytime we want Korean food!
1	It's way too over priced. I mean, I don't mind paying more if the food was better. But it's just ordinary. $20 for japchae??? Me and a friend went here for lunch and our bill was $40+ and what did we order? Japchae and some kind of soup. Um...yenno how much stuff I can get for $40 in Chinatown during lunch hours?!
5	My friends and I decided to hit up this place since some of us were craving KBBQ and were hungry.  Upon arrival, we found out it was happy hour.  I think it was like 20% or something off the check.  Score!  Anyway, it was a group of 8 of us and we all wanted to sit in the big room with the big table.  The server wouldn't let us probably because it would be a lot of work cleaning . And so we sat in a booth that barely fit us.  Good thing we weren't big people.  When it was time to order, my friends and I got the Korean BBQ Dish Combo that cost around $80.  It had pretty much all the good meats and a ton of side orders.  We ordered a couple bottles of soju as well.  Overall, the food was good, especially since we had some people at the table who liked to cook; I don't.As for customer service, our waitress seemed like she was in a bad mood, probably because she was the only one working the floor; poor lady.  Luckily, some of my friends knew Korean and had a conversation with her.  She seemed like a traditional old lady.  Good thing they got on her good side.  It was a good night!  All smiles.
4	Chose this reaturant for authentic Korean, I feel it was very close to sitting in Korea. The servers were very attentive, the ribs and bulgogi were well marinated.  A little on the pricy side, but the style and unlimited side dishes were well worth it, my favorite was the sesame broccoli!
5	I've been coming to DJK ever since they opened the restaurant. I would say their food and service are the best in Vegas among other korean restaurants. Quality of meat is excellent and other dishes are all very good. Try it!
5	I love this place. Great for friends, dates, or whatever. Always fun at Korean bbq because you get to watch your own food cook and can even do it yourself if you so desire. Friendly staff and will usually accommodate the best they can. Quality of food is good which is important in this type place because it's very easy to want to scarf down the tasty looking meat before it's actually done so if you do happen to eat it a little raw, it's OK and actually better a little raw but only if it's high quality, which I already said it was. Soy bean paste is spectacular and I always order extra. So many yummy little sides and they always change it up so you get different things each time. Everything is well made and delicious. One of my favorite places here in Vegas.
4	Open 24 hr!!!! After a long day walking on the strip and gambling my mullah away in the slots machine. I needed a fix of something hot cooked food. Stumbled on this place by accident at 2:30am where most eatery closes at 2. Hey why not let's try Korean BBQ . Pretty good and the service is great considering a lady running around solo tending to 8 tables arriving almost back to back.
5	Best Korean restaurant in Las Vegas, I am half korean and lived in korea for 6 years and this place tastes like home. The food tastes great and the staff is always fast and efficient. I am very happy with this place and take all my family and friends here if they wanna taste real authentic korean food.
5	Suggested by one of my friends who lives in Las Vegas. Awesome and very authentic!
5	This is one of the first few times I've eaten KBBQ; besides yakiniku.To make this long review short, This restaurant is good. I would definitely recommend this to any person. You won't be disappointed by the quality of the meats you order. Same with the banchan and the other soup/noodle dishes. I only wish for more affordable prices.
5	Awesome food!!! Friendly staff that takes care of your meat at the table for you. Love going before or after drinks!
1	Okay the only reason this place gets the extra star is because I've eaten here before and the food was decent.I came here the first time after a night of raging and I was sooo hungry our group decided to go cray at kbbq. The food was good, we were drunk punks so my taste buds can't be too accurate but it was satisfying.The second time I came here, I didn't even get to eat here, or step inside the restaurant. I came here again this past weekend after a weekend of drinking of course and we wanted to eat and Pho Kim Long line was pretty long and its chilly.We remember we came to this KBBQ place from last time and we decide to go see if theres a wait. They have pretty large windows so we're looking inside and there is literally like 3 tables there. So I'm getting hella happy like yay! we can eat here without a wait. We go up to the door, the lady doesn't even let us IN the restaurant. We tell her we want to eat, she just nods and mumbles something and PROCEEDS TO CLOSE THE DOOR AND LOCK IT IN OUR FACE.what. the. hell. I swear I was not being a DAB, I was sober and cold and hungry. AND I CAN SEE PEOPLE EATING IN THERE. what the heck is going on??we kept trying to think, wait why would she not let us in? we are all changed into our regular clothes, pants and jackets. But that can't even be the case because last time I ate here I was straight up in my rave clothes. Needless to say I will NEVER EVER be going back here. I have never ever had such an experience with a restaurant where the employee closed the door and locked it IN OUR FACE. The logic of her actions escape me, and I just really don't know why she would do such a thing.
1	Roaches roaches roaches !!! Do not eat here !! I informed the waitress and management and they started laughing about it and said its only on the floors who cares you still ate the food. So unsanitary .
1	Worst. service. ever. Now don't get me wrong, I never expect the service at Korean restaurants to be friendly, but the woman working here went above and beyond my expectations of rudeness. My friends and I came here halloween night after hitting the clubs. Yes, we were drunk, but we were not being excessively boisterous. And if a place doesn't want to serve drunk patrons, they shouldn't be open at 3 AM. My friend asked the waitress, "I can't decide, what's good?" "Anything. It's all the same. Hurry up." What in the actual F. Seriously?To top it off, the food is mediocre and incredibly expensive for small portions. Never. ever. coming. back.
4	Everything here is good. I guess we're all going to like our mother's kimchi so tastes do vary but for me this is like mom's kitchen. They never give me a hard time about "looking white" or speaking Korean with a perfect accent despite having blonde hair. If you are in Vegas and want real Korean food, imo this is the only option.
4	Its 24 hrs open Korean bbq restaurant. Good service good food but they r little expensive. Best time to go between 2300 -0800 because they have 20% off from total bill. Other than that, clean, friendly, good food...
3	Decided to check out this Korean joint in Chinatown of Las Vegas. The good news, they are open very late into the night. The bad news- their meat isn't seasoned and flavored all that well. My friends and I got the jack combination which is a mixture of meats, the meat quality was good but very bland and not that much for the price.
1	I picked a stew on the menu #53 it did not have a chili pepper next but low and behold it was fuckin spicy.  The servers weren't any help, they weren't very informative,  and only spoke to us 3 time. Bad service...bad
1	This is my second time visiting cuz I the first time was good. I took my friends here to have the same  nice experience as I had last time. We ordered the queen bbq combo. None of us can drink today so we change the soju into ordinary hot Tea pot. But we didn't get severed for any kind of tea. Not even iced water. So rude. We asked for it after paid the check and all we got was them saying you can get the soju. I mean what the hell we needed the hot tea when we were eating. That means they don't care about ur experience  or whatever. It's so unacceptable. Low score.  Don't come here ever ever again.
1	This place sucks. They charge for korean hot tea. Charge tip % of 4 or more.  Charge for refill on side dishes of 3 or more. Crap!!!
3	Well. Service and ambience was good and traditional Korean. Tofu soup and bibimbap could be better, but the waitress was really kind to refill out side dishes. Overall good but not impressive. Personally think it's slightly overpriced.
5	My husband and I came for dinner and BOY was it crowded! But despite them being incredibly busy, our service was amazing. They kept up with our refills and even cooking our meat for us at the tabletop! The food tasted absolutely delicious and fresh. It was clean and the waitress was really nice. We will most definitely be returning!
4	A keeper Korean BBQ place.  I think it is bit pricy above average but food was very good.   We had marinated Galbi but they also have seong? Galbi which is not marinated.   That Galbi is available at a good Korean BBQ place to taste real meat flavor.   Well one of us really wanted that marinated this time and it was an excellent choice.   After 11pm they deduct 20% and it is average price with really good dining I think.   The receptionist was very attentive and we liked her service.  Table waitress is ok. We had paejyong? Pancake also.  It didn't took my fancy but all small dishes especially Kimchi was very good.  I certainly would come back this place for tofu stew menu and other choices.  They have a semi private dining area for a group dining.   I can use this for business dinner
