2	I am thrilled that Rufus Q, once again, hit the nail on the head. However, my experience is more like Mark W.'s...I too have visited this buffet from time to time...this last time was on Sunday morning when my girlfriend convinced me it was either IHOP or ... the Rampart Buffet.  I imagine we would have gotten much better service at IHOP.  What does that say? Heck, even the cashier had a "I'm Part Of The Training Committee" label under her name on her badge and these people seemed like they were amateurs.  About $14 a person for a Champaign Brunch is a reasonable price, in my view. We waited in line to be seated by a woman who acted like it was so inconvenient to even breathe, she was so rushed. And then we were seated. And waited. Looking around, we noticed two parties with 8 people each had been seated after us in our general area, and lo' and behold... what's a guy gotta do to get a cup of coffee around here? Even my girlfriend (with an immeasurable capacity for patience) began to fidget. Boom! Our waitress pops in and starts with the "It's not my fault" excuses. We each ordered coffee, milk, and juice, and proceeded to the buffet. My girlfriend enjoys crablegs, but trying to watch her pry apart her crablegs with a knife was almost comical if it weren't so scary. The waitress, to her credit, supplied a shell-splitter. My prime rib was pretty tasty. The food seemed pretty good, but if I heard "can I get you another cup of coffee" one more time without our waitress actually BRINGING the coffee, I think I'll scream.I liked the sparkling wine, it was, in my estimation, fairly good quality.  That's the only reason why this review gets two stars: the sparkling wine.You can dress up a pig, you can put lipstick on the pig, you can sell the pig, but in the end, it's still a pig and bad service is bad service.  Needless to say my girlfriend and I had a lively discussion about why five dollars was too much to tip for bad service (yes, the girlfriend insisted on it). I kept asking her: if you went to your boss and delivered the wrong product and were two weeks late, would you expect your boss to give you 15 percent extra in your paycheck?Pfft.  OINK OINK!
2	Rampart was a buffet I expected more from.The wife and I checked it out at about 5:30PM, hoping to get in early and avoid the crowds. Unfortunately the average age of Rampart Casino guests seems to be about 70, so the place was absolutely PACKED and there were more than a few walking frames and so forth adding to the bedlam inside.Once we eventually got seated our servers seemed harried, the food stations were absolutely hammered and needed replenishment and drink service was slow due to inadequate staffing due to the crowds.The food was of reasonably quality, although a bit on the bland side for my liking. Clearly catering to an elderly crowd.  I enjoyed my T-Bone steak and some sort of almond gravy meatballs, but overall it wasn't an experience I'd care to repeat without a very good coupon.
2	Well since i bashed it last night i had to give this one another try. Havent been to the Rampart buffet in years but my memory was pretty negative about this place. Recently the only reason ive gone is because the cafe was closed so the only option was the buffets breakfast section. This time my expectations were exceeded but not greatly. Food was ok but their presentation is very dismal, i guess i cant expect anything else from a buffet, but more rotations? and no empty platters would help a lot. The salad was empty, fruit was almost gone so i came back for dessert and luckily it was refilled.Pretty much a decent standard overall. I've been to worse casino buffets and much better ones, but for the 12 dollar price this one is acceptable. If in the mood for prime rib, salmon and other randomly combined things this place works.Most selection was probably with the desserts, but we were disappointed with no strawberries or bananas, 7pm and all that was available was boring marshmallows. Sidenote-- all you hear in the cafe is the slot machines, in the buffet all we heard was the irish pub across the hall, but that depends on time of day im sure
3	This place is far off from the strip, it's attached to the JW Marriot Resort.  It was probably a 15 minute drive from the strip but given that we had a 2 for 1 coupon from the ACG, we decided to come out and give it a try.  It is usually $9 dollars a person for lunch but since we had a coupon, it came to $10 dollars with tax for both of us.  The selection of food was actually quite good for the price.  In fact the Chinese station had a decent selection of good Chinese food, which included real Chinese long beans instead of string beans and stir fried clams in black beans sauce.  The only bummer side of our meal was that we lost quite a bit of money here.  However if you go, be prepared because it's like a assisted living facility with all the seniors.  In fact most of the employees that work here know the customers on a first name basis and when they get their next social security check..
1	I was surprised that there was no line and on entering there were very few diners. It soon became apparent why; there were only a few dishes offering anything close to eye appeal.  I don't mind sacrificing a little quality for variety, but this buffet included canned corn and peas/carrots.  I stopped whining long enough to eat a salad with bottled blue cheese dressing, overdone mahi mahi, one bite out of a dried out BBQ pork rib,2 slices of overdone pork loin, a chocolate covered strawberry and a tasteless Napoleon.
4	This review is ONLY for the thursday night New York Deli buffet!!! Living in the land of buffets is not for the weak. After a kitchen remodeling that took 5 months, I had to endure far too many buffets, so I tend to avoid like da plague...... Until a friend in my neighborhood from da Bronx introduced me to the thursday night NY deli buffet at the Rampart. It was a totally new experience for this wahine. The server offers you an old fashioned soda pop in the bottle and then you are set to explore. Hot corned beef and pastrami. Stuffed cabbage rolls. Sausages of every variety. Matzoh ball soup. Salads and Kosher pickles. Tall pieces of NY cheesecake. Egg cremes in case you are not stuffed already. I am now a fan and will have to drop in occasionally to enjoy some good deli food. BTW Restaurants.com has a great coupon to take the edge off the price. Oops Howard must be rubbing off on me:)
3	Went for sunday brunch because i was sent a 2 for 1 voucher and thank goodness we had the voucher because they are very pricey. I understand that seafood is pricey but i dont eat it so maybe they should offer different prices. I was also never offered the champayne and barely got offered the diet soda that i was drinking. I enjoyed the food that i ate but it was no different than any of thr hundreds of buffets in the area.
3	My husband and I came here because we were burnt out on Red Rocks Buffet. We were more like burnt out on their service! I gave the Rampart an extra star because our server was so awesome ! He even thanked us for his tip! This was a far cry from the server at Red Rock who we pre tipped and she ignored us the whole time! It wasn't a stingy tip either ...just sayin. My husband had to find someone else to give us our drinks. I loved that they had their own Latte machines like the buffet at the Palms and their deserts were fresh . The majority of the food here isn't top quality it looks kind of picked over but the service was so great ! I would like to come check out their New York Deli Buffet that happens on Thursdays. I would be more than willing to go to this place again even though the food wasn't comparable to Red Rock. I think having good service says a lot about a place even if their food doesn't.
3	after walking around the casino and looking around the hotel a bit...it was off to the buffet.for the sake of total disclosure...we had a hook-up that got us free dinner at the buffet.but im no stranger to the buffetas far as buffets go...this joint is just ok.no significant seafood, just some fish which didnt look very appetizing and "fish" as in fish n chips.  they did have manhattan clam chowder, that my friend says was decent...but i like new england style so i passed.  did have the chicken noodle soup instead.  should have passed.they had rib eye which i tried...was ok.  nothing to write home about.  they had beef ribs as well...again just ok.  was kind of hit n miss.  some ribs were good others too dry.they had a chinese section that was just ok. i sense a theme here........the place was just ok.
2	Thursday night is NY Deli theme night at this buffet, and since we were entertaining some NY friends who descend into withdrawal if they go without deli for too long, they jumped at the chance.  We warned them that the Las Vegas concept of deli is like the Statue of Liberty at New York/New York - all smoke and mirrors and totally fake, but they were brave and hungry.We got there at about 8:30 pm, early enough for all the food still to be available, but too late for it not to be dried out.The Pluses: -  the homemade potato knish is fabulous, and full of caramelized onions.  And they have deli mustard to accompany it, though at a different counter.-  the Douwe Egberts coffee machine spits out dark roast coffee, latte, cappuccino, and a few other choices.-  the cheesecake is fairly good, but wouldn't give Cheesecake Factory any competition.The Minuses:-  the corned beef was dry, rubbery, and tasteless-  the mussels tasted weird, in a spit-it-out kind of way-  the shrimp, described as "walnut shrimp" on the card, had no walnuts, but were sickeningly sweet-  the pastrami tray, which was half-full, consisted of the tiny bits that fall off the pastrami when you cut it.  There wasn't a single bit that could be called a SLICE.  If I were hankering for a pastrami sandwich, I would have been wearing it instead of eating it.The other foods that were part of the NY Deli "experience," such as the potato pancakes, gefilte fish, herring in cream sauce, matzo ball soup, and the like, are all things that I wouldn't touch with a ten-foot pole.  But the others pronounced them "okay," but not great.  Some good things, like the sliced smoked salmon and the brisket, which Red Rock offers at their special holiday buffets, were nowhere to be seen here.We had a restaurant.com certificate, so the price was reasonable.  Without it, you can eat much better - and fresher - at Red Rock, and for less money.
2	A very so-so buffet.  Disappointed that food looked prettty shabby.  Service was excellent; it was the food that let me down.  I saw some mussels, clams and one fish dish as far as seafood was concerned.
4	We spent Thanksgiving in Vegas and had the pleasure of staying at the JW Marriott. Since there are about 7 restaurants at the hotel, we spent some time deciphering where to eat. Majority of the restaurants were offering Thanksgiving dinner for about $50 per person. After viewing the Rampart Buffet menu, and the fact that the Thanksgiving meal was only $19.00, we decided to give it try, keeping in mind that if we did not like it, were were only out 40 bucks and could go eat somewhere else. To our surprise, the food was very good and the service was excellent. They had every type of meat you could think of for Thanksgiving -  turkey, ham, leg of lamb, prime rib, you name it. The sides were really good, particularly the sweet potato casserole, mac and cheese, and roasted vegetables. They also had a variety of desserts. The sweet potato pie was not bad. The customer service was very good as well. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.
4	I went for lunch midweek and was very happy with the selection and quality of food offered along with the tremendous service I received.  Definitely worth the price.
5	Well worth the drive.  This off the strip hotel is truly for locals but always welcomes out of towners.  Give this buffet a try, you wont be disappointed. Excellent service and a variety of food - good to satisfy anyones palate.
3	Exhausted from a day of travel, we thought it would be easier to just eat in the hotel (JW Marriott). Unfortunately for us, this buffet has an early bird special plus a deal for seniors, and the line was very long at 5:30 PM.  We waited almost 30 minutes to get in, and then they have you pay BEFORE you sit down. Everyone had coupons, restaurant.com papers, deals and more deals.   The cashier was so slow, we became cranky and annoyed before we were seated.That said, I liked the mussels marinara, the bok choi veggies and the prime rib. The salads were weak, no greens to speak of -- I don't eat refined carbs or desserts, so for me, the protein and veggie spread was below average. The Rampart needs to add some field greens and more green vegetables to their offerings, e.g. green beans, snap peas, brusell sprouts, sauteed collards etc.My husband enjoyed the buffet's meat entrees and had dessert, too.  He complained the ice cream was sandy and of inferior quality.  In sum, consider this a mediocre meal, at best.
1	Terrible, terrible, nasty food. Very few selections and poor quality food. The only good part of this restaurant was that we had good service from our waiter.
4	This review is based only on their New York Deli buffet on Thursdays. This is now the only day I like to go to their buffet. If you like Dr. Browns soda they have all you can drink. They have them in Root Beer, Black Cherry, and even Celery. Yes I did say Celery I kept thinking the waitress was saying cherry. I didn't try that flavor though. I enjoy making sandwiches from their deli select meats especially when we get the bread toasted. It tastes better than any Subway sandwich! I also like their beef stew because you don't need a knife to cut it. I typically eat it with their mashed potatoes and potato knishes. YUM! I also get a side of their walnut shrimp that has melon balls in it.I don't like to leave without having their cheese cake. I'm not a fan of cheese cake in general but I like it here because it's nice and soft. It is tasty even though it is plain. If you are planning on going to a buffet on a Thursday night you should give this one a try!
2	You will see the same group of old people here every day. I am not exaggerating, they come here EVERY SINGLE DAY. Due to this, the restaurant manager allows them to have an express ticket to the front of the line, and they get their own seating area next to the food so that they don't have to walk far. The elderly regulars I mentioned completely hate when outsiders come into "their" restaurant. I've been here 3 times, and every single time, multiple regulars complained to me that if I(an outsider) didn't come to eat here today, there would be a shorter line and shorter wait time for them.  Last time I was here the group of regulars who were standing behind me at the cashier were loudly complaining about how it was a travesty that they had to stand in a line to pay now that "outsiders" had shown up. Ever since Rampart changed management, they have been sending out free buffet coupons to players club members. Therefore, this buffet has become extremely crowded. Back before they started sending out comps, only the same 20-30 regulars would show up for dinner every night. Now, there are 100s of new people showing up and it makes the regulars really angry. So, expect one of those angry old people to yell at you. The best thing about this place is that they have this really cool coffee-computer thing that instantly makes any kind of coffee you want. You don't have to wait 20 minutes for the server to bring it to you, it's all self-serveThis is Summerlin/NW Vegas so there will be a lot of bitter people fighting and arguing about stupid things. The last time I came I saw this guy whining because the guy in front of him got a bigger slice of prime rib. He kept shouting: "His was bigger than mine! That's not fair!".... It's an AYCE buffet, just ask for another slice. WTF is wrong with these people?
2	I'm sorta embarrassed that I've eaten at this crappy buffet so many times, and  I feel like I need to explain myself. Look, the Rampart sends us free coupons every single month. Yes, completely 100% FREE buffet coupons. I'm a Vegas local and eat at buffets weekly, and who am I to turn down a free meal? Admittedly, this buffet is one of the worst in town. The food is just pure crap and mostly fried, breaded or overly carby stuff. Be prepared for fried shrimp, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, french fries, baked potatoes, egg rolls, more potatoes....you get my drift. If you are lucky they'll have a tray with pre-mixed peas and carrots or steamed broccoli. Obviously an afterthought but at least there are SOME veggies. Most of the food is soft, mushy, easy to chew and mildly seasoned to appease the palates of their senior citizen customer base. This place was heavenly after I had my root canal because I could eat just about everything at the buffet and not hurt my recovering tooth.That being said, the buffet does have a decent salad bar with good dressings and a good assortment of fresh fixings (including fresh crumbled bacon). When we get a free coupon, we usually go and drink soda, eat prime rib and have the salad bar. For how cheap this place is anyway, it's a pretty decent value even if you only eat the salad bar (soda, tea, coffee, juice, milk, etc. is included in the price). You can't get a decent prime rib dinner, including a drink, salad and dessert, for less than $10 anywhere else.The New York Deli Night (every Thursday) has much higher quality food, but it's way too expensive ($19 per person). On regular nights you can find crappy Chinese food, Italian food, American food and a dessert station. Sometimes they'll have fresh strawberries at the dessert bar which is a big plus. They also have huge New York style pickles at the salad bar and they are always good. There's not a big difference between the lunch and dinner buffets. The weird thing about this buffet is that 95% of the time the food is just awful but there's a rare 5% of the time when the food is really super good. It's a strange phenomenon for sure but it does happen. Sometimes the prime rib is INCREDIBLY delicious (I'd say every 2 out of 5 visits the prime rib is crazy good; they obviously know how to cook prime rib). One night they had really delicious freshly made shrimp scampi with huge shrimp. This has only happened ONE TIME, though. It's just very hit or miss. The pizza is sometimes okay and other times inedible. If you want to fill up on mediocre lunch room school cafeteria food and your standards aren't too high, go here. If you just want a cheap meal with a salad bar and soda, go here. If you are looking for one of Vegas' best buffets, avoid this place. And yeah, all the comments about the old people "regulars" is right on! This place looks like a retirement home cafeteria. I love old people and I'm not an ageist at all but watch out, they will knock you over with their walkers and canes if they think you are trying to cut in front of them in the fried shrimp line! You have been warned!
1	The highlight of our dinner was the beef ribs, prime rib and gelato. service was good but I couldnt reccomend this to family or friends visiting unless its comp.
2	The food here is OK, nothing more. They have really gotten chintzy with discounts from Restaurant.com, too, as you get very little discount for your money. Deli night is a joke, as they charge full buffet price for cold lunchmeat that I could buy at the grocery store.
1	Buffet? Well just because I live in Las Vegas doesn't mean I like to gamble with my food! We went to the Rampart Buffet around 11AM. It was about $16 each to enter and I was wildly disappointed with the food. The shrimp laid out next to the sandwich  mayonnaise totally grossed me out, the ham at the breakfast bar was brown, english muffin ...well I don't know how old it was but my fiance's butter knife wouldn't cut thru it. I played it safe and had a salad ( tasty! ) and some strawberries. I wish I could have done a walk thru before I paid to eat there. Barf.
2	Nothing special about this buffet- I've been to worse.  Still, it's overpriced for what it serves (like a lot of buffets here) and I probably wouldn't come here again unless invited by a friend with a free coupon. The way I came here the first time.
4	We went to the Rampart Casino to check out the casino.  When we signed up for the Players Club, we received a buy one/get one coupon for the buffet.  Went to the buffet not expecting anything because I'd never heard about it, good or bad.  We went on steak night.  Very good steak selection!  The steak was cooked perfectly and of good quality.  The salad bar had a nice selection as did the dessert bar.  The Asain and Italian stations had about 7-8 items to choose from each and everything I tried was very good.  I normally do not like the pastas at buffets but I went back for seconds here.  The buffet didn't have as many choices as some buffets around town but what they did have was very, very good.  We will definitely go back - and it's on the opposite side of town for us but it's that good.
2	I'll admit, at first, I wasn't too thrilled about the idea of coming here, but it turned out to be a lot better than I expected. I guess the word, "Buffet" never appealed to me, I guess. I was overwhelmed by all of the many different food choices, and I ended up having some pasta w/ Alfredo sauce and some fruit. The pasta was cooked just right, and the Alfredo sauce was bursting with flavor. The grapes were huge, and I found myself trying to eat more, although I was full. The only thing that I wasn't terribly thrilled with were the pastries. I don't know what they put in those things, but it sure ain't sugar. I'm not saying all of the desert was bad. I mean, the sugar free cherry pie was good. I liked the food, but I'm not sure if I liked it enough to go back there again.
3	Decent buffet for $16-20 they charge, even better with the promotion the casino gave us (two vouchers for buy one get one free). The prime rib is good, mashed potatoes are from a box, other stuff is hit or miss, with some surprisingly good. Desserts weren't my favorite, nevertheless we ended up eating too much. Compared to other more expensive buffets, this was a bargain considering it had acceptable food quality for several items. We'd go back again.
4	No complaints...quiet buffet, attentive service, food commensurate with price.Look: I went twice in a row (dinner Mon, dinner Tue). On Wed, I thought I was going upscale by throwing more money down at Planet Hollywood Spice Market Buffet.What a costly mistake. I'm coming back to Rampart. SMB was overpriced, oversalted, overstingy. See separate review.Rampart has its place and role- quiet residential suburb, no wild, inebriated fools, convenient parking, and EXTRA convenient if you happen to be staying at the JW.
1	I don't even know why I decided on this place knowing how the Promenade Cafe is. This is probably one of the crappist buffets that you can go to in this area. Really just find somewhere else to eat.
1	Got food poisoning here yesterday--it was either from the lettuce or the shrimp dumpling
1	Avoid...unless its free.  Highlight of the buffet was the apple cobbler. Everything was cold or barely warm and lacking any kind of flavor.  Its funny, I read another review that said something about it feeling like a nursing home cafeteria, and it somewhat does. It wasn't the cleanest either. I went on a weekday evening and I think it was around $18 a person. Definitely not worth it.
1	So my family and I used to eat here almost every Sunday, but we stopped. Why? Because the service is horrible and food is not that great. You'd think that because it's a casino buffet, they'd put a little extra effort in their food. Not this buffet.My family and I actually ate here yesterday, since my dad had that 2 for 1 buffet deal. We waited in line for about an hour and a half before we actually reached the cashier. We were seated almost right away though. Service got a little better. Our waitress was sweet and she kindly got us whatever we needed. Food was still whatever. I've had better Chinese food. Their soup was bland. We had to add a little bit more salt just to get the perfect taste it needed. Eggs Benedict was horrible. That too was blind. They used to have crab legs for brunch, but there wasn't any of that anymore. The shrimp was.. rotten. There was black stuff on it and I didn't know what it was until it was too late and already in my digestive system. I think I actually got food poisoning or something from that because I've been going nonstop to the restroom since then. Sunday was the last and final day that my family and I will ever pay attention to this buffet. Unless they have better, fresher food, I will not be coming back here ever again. It's not worth the multiple trips to the toilet.
2	I had been a couple of times in the past, but today's visit was horrible.. I won't be returning.  Food wasn't that good.  Comparable to a mediocre buffet like Railroad Pass..
2	The prime rib was over cooked.  The pork loin was dry.  Not a large selection of desserts.  They got rid of the black velvet chocolate cake.
2	Went to eat there for "Brazilian Wednesday" and I was very disappointed. The only thing Brazilian was this gigantic piece of meat which did not look very appetizing. The ambience of the buffet is that of a hospital cafeteria, very depressing. The service was very good, but  for 45$ for 2 people you're much better going somewhere else.
1	Don't waste your time or money..... Small buffet with few options, low quality food, and poor service..   Go to the Suncoast or McDonalds down the street
1	VERY DISAPPOINTED.  I was given a 2 for 1 coupon, and tried the buffet on Tuesday evening Feb, 25th.  $17 for a quite buffet seemed OK, until perusing the food on display, I was over come with "Sticker Shock".The buffet appeared to be half full, with a few families, and but most of the senior citizens knew each other.  Our waitress was efficient, polite and did not forget us, as most buffet rooms are understaffed making it impossible for all but seasoned staff able to cope.  The Prime beef was melt in your mouth, the Pork was not dry, and also melt in your mouth.  Marble tofu, had no pork (sad), to many vegetables, but the sauce had good consistency, instead of tofu in water debacle served in Boulder Station. The remainder of the Asian food looked like it had been setting in the trays since noon. Since I was there for dinner, I tried one, spring roll and in my opinion they need to hire a Asian food cook.Spaghetti noodles were floating in water, and completely mush, sauce had a good flavor, but could not finish it with the overcooked spaghetti noodles.  Maybe if I had no teeth.   The milky fluid and water socked corn was passed quickly.  Salad, venue was far better, crisp and kinda appetizing compared to the cooked food, but I was quite disappoint, I could have visited any McDonald down the street & around the corner for a better prepared meal, with two exceptions: The Beef was amazing, and one "No Added Sugar" hard Ice Cream, with a Chocolate flavor that was wonderful.  Unless you are possessed and mad, this is a buffet to avoid, unless you live next door, and have lost your teeth along with the sense of smell, and taste.  Or you do not enjoy eating, and are very angry at the long lines and understaffed buffets of other Casinos.
1	The 2 for 1 is not even worth the gas.$17.00 for two people seams like a great deal. It wasn't nice people but horrible food.We laughed at a review that said this is that bad well the food was that bad and I paid for it all night.
4	I came on 3/18. The same day their system was updating, they were offering $10 dinner buffet for the inconvenience. I came with a bogo buy 1 get 1 coupon and paid $10.81 for 2 people. The selections was very standard, asian, pizza, pasta, salad/deli bar, and carving station. Not a big selection for food. However, I gave it an extra star for their coffee machine. Instead of ordering it with the waitress, there was a large section where you can customized your own coffee, espresso,etc (yes, there is an espresso machine)The dessert offered more, self serve ice cream, or their "gourmet ice cream" section, more toppings for ice cream. There was creme brule, panna cotta (which was bland), cake, cookie, and lemon tart (very tarty).Overall, for the price I paid, I am satisfied. I do recommend coming here if you are around the area.
5	I seriously don't understand why people rate this buffet so low? Its not a snobby 50$ buffet, its an inexpensive buffet with food that actually tastes good.We came here Friday for lunch, since we thought they offered breakfast which they don't. I had a free coupon for a buffet and with your card its only 7.99 (6.99 50+), only 1 discount per card though. Without the free players card its 9.99. Dinner is various prices because of the variety of special nights they have. Sun-Tues is 13.99 with card and 15.99 sans card. The lunch offerings are typical but delicious. I'm not the best person to go to a buffet because I usually eat few things, but here I actually tried a lot of different foods. My favorite was def the gyoza, it was deep fried but perfect. It wasnt oily or anything! They also had my fave chow fun. The fries here are also seasoned perfectly. The beef stew was delicious, as was the spring rolls and pizza. They have a great salad bar here with many fresh fruit options including pineapple! We also went to the champagne brunch on Sunday which is super cheap! 12.99 with card, 14.99 without!!! Unlimited champagne, apple crepe things, leg of lamb, prime rib, fresh fruit, and omelets! In addition to all the other brunch foods. They also have espresso machines and a great dessert area.The best part of the buffet is the customer service! Our servers on both days were so awesome and perfect! Its hard to find a good happy server, but Rampart did! They were both enthusiastic and attentive. I'm a little bastard and ask for different drinks and both were totally nice and ok with it. Next I want to try the steak night, and possibly NY deli. Please dont come here and be a douche expecting Bellagio style food. Its cheap, fresh, delicious, and the servers are awesome. Dont be a hater!Yay!!!!
1	Wow!  Even with a BOGO coupon we overpaid!  I'd never seen gnats in a casino, much LESS in a buffet!  Bland, over cooked food...all but rotting salad components...crappy selection. Hospital food is better!  Save your money (AND your tummy) and take a pass on this culinary travesty!
1	So, my review was met with one of their 2-3 scripted replies...I don't care how much you claim your food is prepared "fresh daily"...I had never before, nor since, seen gnats in a salad bar in Las Vegas. Step up your game, you're giving Marriott a bad name!
4	Went here last night because I got a flyer in the mail from them. It had a BOGO entry to the buffet & I noticed on Friday they had all you can eat crab legs. Even though the coupon wasn't valid for Fridays or Saturdays I still took the BF out to dinner because we loooove crab legs. I used to go to Hush Puppies on Monday nights because they offered all you can eat crab legs for $25 but they stopped that a couple years ago. We got there around 6 or so & even though the line was long we probably only waited about 30-45 minutes. Not bad IMO. With tax for two people it came out to about $47 & to me that's okay because we beasted on those crab legs. I probably got about 4 or 5 plates of it. Yum!The BF got some other stuff. Prime rib (it looked pretty gross. Very dry looking) and he said it was pretty dry & tough, which didn't surprise me. Usually all meat like that from buffets are not very good. Also had some fried shrimp (tasted like corn dogs) & hush puppies (gross) but I did get some fried shrimp balls on skewers & those were actually really good. Their desserts were better than most buffets. The chocolate tart & key lime tart were good. The banana cream pie was excellent & it was sugar free which surprised me. And they also have a cool espresso machine. I got two chocolate espressos. Pretty good!All in all we came here for the crab & crab alone & it was worth it. Probably will go back for Brazilian Steakhouse night. Oh & our server was pretty attentive. Much better than I've had in the past at other buffets. She was an older lady & very nice.
1	Not good. I would call this buffet the Fresh From A Frozen Bag buffet. Everything was watered down and luke warm. I had a couple of ravioli and strands of spaghetti covered with marinara sauce. After stepping away from the buffet my plate was filled with water. I had to dump the water off in the trash can! The Chinese food was just ok. The meat available for carving did not look appetizing. The ONLY thing that was rockstar good was the apple crisp with a side of whiskey sauce. It is a do not miss. Lastly, watery chocolate ice cream came out of the vanilla side. My server was friendly and attentive. One star for the server and apple crisp. I just can't bring myself to give this buffet two stars especially at $23!!
5	Quality, quality, quality!! I experienced a salad bar with green lipped mussels and shrimp. Did I say this is a buffet?? What did I Drink? Just finished my third quality champagne. What the F... This place is one of Vegas Best Top Secrets. I'm so glad my partner chose this place. In my mind on Sundays ,YOU NEED TO GET YOUR MOUTH OVER TO RAMPART. Did I say that I'm full and happy. I WILL RETUrN!! WOW!! But first I'm going to see what other goodies lurk :)
4	consistent decent quality and clean.  I enjoy their Steak night.
5	Thursday night NY deli buffet!!  For 18.99 (16.99 with a players card) I'm more than willing to drive off the strip to this place!!  Even better, if you play 20 slot points and ask at the counter, they'll give you 2 for 1!!!  Highlights are were corned beef, knish, Greek salad, and everything at the dessert station!
1	Myself and 2 friends ate at this Buffet on Thursday night.  What a big mistake.  this place was terrible.  The price would have been OK had the food and service been up to par.  The short ribs were so so, the Asian selections were terrible and the Sandwich line items looked old and dry.  I tried the Prime Rib and by the time I made it back to my table it was completly dried out and the taste reminded me  of Dried Beef Steak from VietNam.  The Salad bar was just OK but not a lot of selection.  My friends also were not too impressed with their buffet choices.  We decided to try the deserts.  Creme Brulee had a taste never experienced before and the Soft Ice Cream/Yogurt(?) was like a frozen Chocolate Ice.  The Fresh Strawberrys were excellent however .  Needless to say I will not return to this buffet and would not recommend it to others expecting a good Las Vegas Buffet.
1	This buffet used to have pretty good food for a reasonable price. But I haven't been here for awhile...and things have changed. Today their brunch was pretty bad. The carved meats were tough and grisily, the scrambled eggs were undercooked, the English Muffin of the Eggs Benedict was too tough to slice with a knife....and what can I say about the oatmeal. It was mostly water with some chunks of oatmeal floating in it. These deficits caused me to subtract a few stars. I will say that the Rosemary Roasted Chicken was very good--moist and flavorful. But it's not enough for me to recommend their Sunday Brunch or give them more than one star.
3	Better than Aliante, not better than Aria.  The pizza was burned on the bottom but piled with cheese.   The mushroom soup was tasty,  nothing that was overly dry but nothing was wow flavorful either.   Descent variety but the disappointment was dessert.   It looked creative but the only thing that tasted very good was vanilla pudding and pecan ice cream.  Our server was attentive and the staff tried to keep the place clean.  Minimal smoke from the casino on a Monday night.
1	Let me help you with 3 words - DON'T EAT HERE! My husband was here for a conference, we decided on the buffet because I was so hungry I figured I would be sure to find several things I would like here. I could not have been more wrong! I was so sad I could have cried! They open at 11am, we arrived around 12:30. I figured the food would be hot, fresh & in abundance. But it was NONE of the above! I wish I had gone around and taken pictures, but honestly, I was just way too upset to do so. My husband only had limited break time before having to get back to his conference so I forced myself to find something that could hold me over...I reasoned with myself - there are starving children in the world, at least this is "something",  it was only $10,  I can make it work for the moment.The pictures in the album are so misleading!  On our visit, nothing was labeled(except some of the desserts) so you really had to guess at what everything was. Additionally, there were not a lot of food offerings and what was there was either dried out, over cooked (pastas), or old. The desserts were the only items that looked okay, but there weren't a lot and they don't make a meal. I tried to make it work. I've never eaten white rice that was hard, crunchy & sticky - I thought I was gonna break my teeth! One bite of the pizza was all I could do - it was doughy; the baked chicken wing had 2 feathers on it that we're longer than the wing tip - No exaggeration!!! I was done.To be fair, there were three positives - the cheesecake was good - not great, but good was wonderful after everything else was so bad. The beef at the carving station, once it was restocked, was really good- very nicely seasoned.  The service was great! They were very friendly & attentiv
2	Went to Friday Night Seafood buffet just after 8pm a few weeks back.Started with salad, then crab legs.Really skinny crab legs. But somewhat flavorful.Worst Salmon ever served at Rampart!Big disappointment!They used to be known for their juicy Whole baked Salmons. Ran out of Prime Rib by 8:30pm just before I went to get some.I figured, I would have Prime Rib because Salmon was Saddd!So terrible Salmon & No Prime Rib.They also started clearing food by 9pm & never warned us what was going on.Evidently Coffee shop was going to be renovated so they needed to prepare to open for those customers?Should have asked for a Refund!No more Seafood night at Rampart for us!
2	The food is not great. service very good. If you are looking for a good buffet you would do better at Golden Corral than here andYou pay less.
