4	Fresh Mozarella......check.Good Balsamic.......check.Heirloom Tomatoes.....check.Just needed fresh basil for a yummy caprese salad.  Sprouts sells a large bag for almost $4 as opposed to other places that sell those little tiny plastic containers for almost $3.  The only drawback was they've been out for about a month and I can never find it.When the manager was asked, he said he would look into it, apologized and handed me 4 of the little containers for FREE!  How sweet is that?  Abashedly, I had to accept.It reminded me of another situation at the same store when the deli ran out of gyro meat.  In actuality, she was too lazy to go back and cut more.  The manager checked and sure enough found a huge hard to miss hunk and made the lady cut four packages of the stuff for me.  He wouldn't allow me to pay for them, so I ended up with enough gyro meat to feed the world gyros!So one star less only because other employees made me have to talk to a manager, but great reviews for wonderful customer service on behalf of the manager.  Now THAT is what keeps a customer coming back!
4	My hubby and I really like this location. It's a PAIN to get in and out (sooo many confused people in that parking lot!) but it is worth the hassle. Super-fresh fruits and veggies, at excellent prices. I love having like umpteen types of apples to choose from. They carry a huge range of beauty and health items, including my stand-by Jason facial care products (SUPER CHEAP this week!). The bulk coffees - I know they're not the highest quality, but seriously, I love the Vienna cinammon and 'Cookidoodle' (guess they can't call it Snickerdoodle anymore) so much that I don't care. They carry some seriously tasty South American organic coffees too. My only complaint is that their meats are soooo super fresh, without additives, that we can only buy what we intend to use that or the next day. After that, we're taking chances. Their deli service isn't always that great, but I love that we can go get a sammich, munch down for a low price, then get the shopping done. And I can't get organic limeade so cheap, anywhere else. Love it.
5	This is definitely one of my favorite grocery stores b/c I can usually find everything I need here at better prices than even the larger 'discount' warehouse across the street.  The bulk section is my favorite b/c it allows me to try out new things without committing to an entire package of something that I may not ever want to use/consume again.  The other benefit to shopping here is that the portions are usually for things I can handle as a single person.  For example, I bought a 5 lb bag of flour for a recipe that required 1 cup.  Now I have a 5 lb bag of flour on my shelf minus a cup.  This was back in the day before I discovered the bulk bins @ Sprouts.Now, I can buy cheese in small containers anywhere from $1.25+ and heck, if I wanted flax seed, I could get as little or as much as I wanted from the bulk bins.  I probably won't buy flax seed anytime soon but the point is I have reasonable options people!!!!
5	We absolutely love Sprouts! We shop here almost exclusively (only at other stores for things that we can't get or the price is too high to justify...but that includes very few items). The produce is always fantastic (and cheap!!), then meat is so tasty and fresh, and the cheese....oh I just love the cheese section! The cheese is cheaper than what you will find at other grocery stores...we did a price comparison. I know when I shop at Sprouts I am not getting overly processed, full of preservatives. I am getting fresh food!! What a concept, huh? And the bulk section is fantastic. I love being able to buy spices and flour and anything else you can think of (especially the chocolate covered toffees!!) in just the amount I need. Then it is always fresh and I don't have to wonder how long I've had that dried rosemary! And, it is a local Arizona store, which makes me even happier.
5	There are not too many alternatives for fresh produce and organic food in and around Surprise. So, when my sister introduced me to Sprouts, I was thoroughly surprised and happy.  Most of the produce is not locally grown, but that is understandable given the area. But, the produce that is sold is relatively cheap, abundant in selection and quite fresh. A lot the meat is "natural" or organic under FDA regulations. What is really great about the store is it's abundance and selection of grains and trail mix. I was absolutely floored by the vast selection of trail mix combinations available for purchase.If you're interested in purchasing fresh, greener and more healthier alternatives to your local mega supermarkets, this is the place to go. Pros:  Relatively fresh produce that doesnt cost a lot. Organic selection of meats and seafood. The biggest plus is the store's wide variety of trail mix, granola, grains, rice, teas/natural drinks and spices. Beats anything Whole Foods, Trader Joes and other "healthy" food chains offer.Cons: Produce is not locally grown. Most produce is not organic or pesticide free. Bakery goods could be a lot better in taste and selection.Sample Size: I have been to this store about 5+ times.
5	An oasis in the desert. Amongst miles of big box and chain-store hell, sits this excellent resource for organic vegetables, healthy food and responsible products. Prices are fair and it is very easy to navigate through the store (unlike most of the upper-end grocery stores).
4	We love, love, love this market.  Whenever we are in the area this is the first place we hit!  Yummy, fresh faire!
4	I'm not sure what happened since our last visit (December 2008), but the last time we visited the market, the selection of organic produce was--to put it bluntly--pathetic. It was separated from the rest of the produce, so we almost missed it completely and the produce looked like it had been there for awhile. What's up with that, Sprouts?Still, the fact that the store is even there is a huge plus. The selection for grocery items was as good as expected, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.Perhaps the depleting selection of organic items is due to supply-and-demand, or they are pricing them too high, or .... but I'm docking off a star for this. I'm still a fan, but it's not "as good as it gets" anymore.
4	I enjoy shopping here at Sprouts, whenever I am in Surprise. Where I live on Long Island, NY healthy and organic foods cost a fortune compared to this. Great prices on organic milk. I do agree with reviewers who said the quality of the produce has declined, as I noticed that too. The gala apples for example were not too great this time around. Maybe they're out of season or something, hopefully this will improve. Great selection of self-serve nuts/dried fruits - I got the hugest and most delicious golden raisins ever here..
4	I really love this store.  It seems to be crowded no matter what time you go.  I alwasy purchase the bruschetta from here because it's one of the few places where I can actually find bruschetta.
5	If you are determined to eat healthy this is the place to get your groceries. Their fruits and vegetables are always really good. For such a small store (maybe about 1/4 the size of a Fry's) Sprouts has a tremendous variety of items. There is a very good selection of organic products and supplements. Like most grocery stores, some items are priced very well and others not so well. The staff seems to be helpful and upbeat. There is a decidedly upscale feel to this store. I can't quite put my finger on why but it just seems to attract a different type of customer. Getting in and out of the parking lot can be a bit of an adventure, especially on weekends. If there is such a thing as a "fun" place to shop for groceries, this is it.
5	I love, love, love Sprouts!  Yes I said that three times!  Just make sure you go to this location after 5pm or else you'll be swamped by herds of old people on motorized scooters.Sprouts always has great sales going on and the bulk items are a life saver!  The staff is always friendly and welcoming too.  Check out the chicken breasts too, they are huge and delicious!  They also have a great selection of wine and beer.  I stop in at least once a week to stock up and I just simply could not live without this store!
5	LOVE Sprouts! The best produce at the lowest prices - and things you just can't find anywhere else. So, so happy one opened here in Surprise!!
2	Good deli sandwiches. Otherwise it's a boutique, with boutique prices. Just another snobby place... Sorry, Sprouts, I expected better.
4	Sprouts has FANTASTIC pre-prepared meals at very reasonable prices.  The meals are healthy with good amounts of protein and the serving sizes are reasonable.I love Sprouts!!  This location is always clean, well managed and popular with the locals.  Watch out for the old people, they will knock you over to get to the laxatives and only their comfort matters.
4	I totally dig this place! While it is not a store you go to for your regular full shopping list cause you are not gonna find decent paper goods or anything of that nature but for produce, meats, organic and bulk items this is the place for you!Surprisingly great prices on meat, poultry and fish that is of much better quality than the stuff you fiind at Fry's, Safeway, etc. The produce always looks awesome and they have a huge selection of bulk items. I also love their beer selection. I'm also a fan of their pre-packaged foods. Any time I need a quick ready to eat dinner that isn't a frozen pizza, I head there. Good portions, great tasting and reasonably priced. The store itself always  is  clean and well kept and the staff friendly and smiling.
4	I really like Sprouts this was my first visit and I fell in love. So far everything I've tried here has been awesome. Sprouts is a great place for the health conscious individuals, although the store isn't as big as a regular grocery store or even Whole Foods, it does it's job. I loved that they had my favorite fruit on sale so that I can buy copious amounts. I definitely will be returning to try the other things I eyed on my way out the door.
4	Again, I need to be in a health food phase when I come here! That usually happens about two or three times a year? Nothing wrong with this store! Has a nice selection of products and then some! Always have nice personal!
5	Love this place!  Produce is always fresh, with great prices.  Have a nice bulk selection, yummy chicken and the staff is amazing!
4	Sprouts in Surprise, AZ is a great little store. It has the local, community feeling to it with it's friendly and helpful staff. And if you're looking for good, quality food and products, this is your place! Most of their products are local, healthy, environmentally friendly, and they even have a pretty good organic produce section. I always feel good when I'm buying from Sprouts, because I know it goes to support great people and a lovely store. I might also mention that they are very supportive of community organizations around the area. I run the Si Se Puede! Learning Center, an after-school program and community center in El Mirage, AZ that is part of the Cesar Chavez Foundation, a non-profit, and they have donated not once, but twice to help us out! Any place that helps out their community is a friend of mine. I'd completely suggest for anyone to shop here!
4	Going paleo, gluten free or just looking for any kind of health food? This is the place to go! I like the layout of the store, it makes it easy to locate everything. The con to that is that the isles are very small & you'll always be in someones way! The pro is that everyone there wants to be there & they are therefore friendly & don't get grumpy when you are trying to figure out exactly 'how' will you be able to go around each other without knocking anything or anyone over :) Also, is it natural for teenage employees to be so,,,,, friendly & helpful??? I was weary of their smiles & friendly questions at first, but I'm now convinced it was genuine, lol!The parking lot is not as big as the demand for this store, so it's actually harder to find a parking space here than at Target! It's impressive :)
4	I always start my weekend off by going to sprouts first thing. Great selection, good prices and friendly people. One time the manager gave me a free watermelon because he heard they might not be that great. I was going to buy it anyway to try it, but he insisted just letting me have it free. And they have great natural chicken at a better price then the bulk processed stuff
4	What can I say, trying to do the whole foods route.  Sprouts makes a good starting spot, people are always friendly and ask you if they can help you.  They do have a wide range of produce and a nice bakery that make good breads.
5	I love this place. It is over run by the blue hairs in winter, but if you go after 6pm, you are pretty free. The food, fruit and veggies are fresh. They carry an awesome selection of bread, and I am addicted to the chocolate covered honeycombs.....YUM!Also, the employees are pretty cool, never had a bad experience!
4	I make a point to come to Sprouts every week to buy produce and I can't believe it never dawned on me to Yelp them before. My bad....The store is super clean, the staff is very helpful and nice, and the produce is the freshest and last longer than any other store in the area. The meat counter is excellent, the deli is wonderful. Prices are reasonable and a great selection! The only drawback to this store is something that isn't even their fault--this store is a big attraction for snowbirds. This makes shopping during snowbird season frustrating at best but again, this isn't Sprouts' fault though I wish they did something to appreciate their loyal RESIDENT customers when the snowbirds go home who had to endure the rudeness of the snowbirds.  But hit up Sprouts for a great grocery experience! :)
5	Always fresh produce and good quality product. Great store.
4	I hate going here!  I say that because I end up needing to buy things here.  Its always full of people and most of the time it is packed with snowbirds.  Not my crowd of folks to hang out with, but can make for a slower than usual shopping experience at this location.Everything is fresh, produce and deli items are usually in good condition.
4	Good foods here! Lots of healthy and organically which are perfect for my diet. I have to eat healthy to stay in shape and sprouts makes it very easy to keep conditioned. The cashiers here are usually friendly and if you go late at night the store is pretty quiet and you can shop without hassle. Lots of ready to eat foods as well so you can grab a meal pretty quick. Always clean in here too and that's a big plus for me.
5	What a pleasant surprise to stumble upon Sprouts shortly after we relocated to Arizona from Ohio.  I found them to carry more health/beauty and household items than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's.  A great option to have in the mix of organic, vegan friendly grocery stores. They will definitely be my go-to grocery store.
4	I go to this Sprouts at least once a week. The staff is friendly 90% of the time and the produce is always fresh and well-stocked. I'm very happy to have Sprouts close to home for cheap fresh fruits and veggies.
4	Great selection of produce and specialty items. If you have food allergies, this place has a nice variety of great alternatives. The specialty food is a little pricey, but that;s to be expected. Go on Wednesdays!!! They have the deals from the previous week and the upcoming week every Wednesdays.
4	Love the fresh organic section.  Great selection of natural supplements
5	Sprouts is the best grocery store hands down!Spices: they have a great selection of pack your own spices with all different herbs, chillis, mushrooms, you name the spice and they got it.Produce: hands down the bet produce from any other store. Always fresh and mostly at a decent price. They also carry produce that many other stores don't.Meat & Fish: if you don't mind farm raised salmon and shrimp, they always had them at $5.99 per pound. They have a great selection and price on all other meat, poultry and seafood.Bulk: they have a great selection of bulk, rice, flours, sugars, nuts, dried fruits, chocolates and more.Gluten free: sprouts is hands does the store with the widest and best selection of GF items. And more and more..
5	I love Sprouts for their fresh veggies.....fresh fruit...the variety of cheeses.....good looking meats and fish....and BECAUSE i Spoil myself buying their Spices by BULK!!!!!!!Amazeballs.
4	I love the bulk stuff, and the fresh sandwiches. 2.50 good deal
4	A great store just got better. Different store layout, bigger variety, great new frozen fish, and a BOARS HEAD deli! Only 1 small drawback; it's crowded at the front entrance and would be ideal if they moved a fruit display. I used to spend $40-60. but spent $98. today; so much more to choose from.
5	love this store! its my fav .. i always go here. staff is good. NO complaints from me!
4	Sprouts is my number one go to store for all produce! The prices are always reasonable and the product is always in great shape. I gave it 4 instead of 5 because sometimes when I go the check out is very slow (I think it may be more the customers though).
5	I really like this Sprouts.  They just renovated and moved things around, but it is much more spacious and easier to see everything when you walk in.Lines are always short and if they look long, someone will open up another register, so that is nice.Gotta try the little sandwich/soup lunch market.  Their sandwiches are cheap and tastes like your mom made it.  Sooooo good.I would suggest trying their chicken salad.  Great flavor and super fresh!!!
5	Love love love! Great produce and the best gluten free selection around! I love their produce department which is always very fresh and plentiful. I LIVE for the 25% gluten free sale offered about 3X a year.
5	Awesome store, friendly staff, full service meat department with helpful knowledgeable butchers and the best deli around, go for lunch ask for a sandwich, they will make it to order with a smile. The managers are actually working alone side of the employees and as a customer that gains my respect quickly. It is the best grocery store around.
5	This is definitely my favorite place to buy groceries. Not only can I get all of the fresh vegetables and specialty items I like, but the essential oil section is wonderful as well.
5	What can I say about Sprouts? It's got everything you need--and more. I usually only come here for the deli during lunch, or to grab some fruit and nuts for a snack...but it's always a great experience. Sprouts shops from local farmers, which I feel really makes a difference in the quality of their products. The deli is super cheap--$2.99 for a HUGE, delicious, fresh sandwich. Overall, Sprouts deli is the bomb.
4	Sprouts has become by go to place for produce, and recently their meat department as well.   The produce you can get great prices on, but unfortunately you have to watch their ads and play that silly game.  Why not just price it flat and blow the competitors out of the water permanently?   When's the last time you saw the produce aisle at Safeway full?  Come on.  That keeps you from 5-stars.The meat department can be tricky too, although the sausages that they make their are fantastic!  Deli sandwiches are really inexpensive and pretty good.  Again you have to watch their prices games, but lately I have given this part of the store a quick look when I stop in as well.
5	Great products, and a great staff... what's not to like?
5	First time in the meat department, butcher is very nice and helpful. Was happy to cut me a fresh filet to my size request. Even offered a free chicken sausage link after he learned my son doesn't like spicy food. Prices are reasonable. Good selection overall.
3	I love the food and love the great prices. I love samwhiches as well as the cheese curds they have there that is made locally. What i don't love is the customer service at the Sprouts kitchen, they are always angry, seems like they hate their job and freak out if their are more than 3 orders to make, (imagine if they worked at subway), I go in there multiple times a week only to arrive feeling guilty to put in an order. After waiting a good 10min - 15min i was told they were backed up, which was fine, but the snarky "have you even filled anything out or what" is what definitely turned me off. Its not the sandwich's fault for the service nor is there any other sprouts around, so i suppose I will still have to anger those lovable and courteous ladies in the Kitchen:)
5	What can I say love love love this store...All fresh fruits and vegetables. .never a lack of variety. ..keep up the good work. ..I'm a customer for life
4	I shop at sprouts for all my produce and meat and have always chose Sprouts over any local market for their quality of and I love the check out staff.  Recently we had family in town and decided to cook up a nice BBQ dinner for them. We purchased a few pounds of some Pork baby back ribs along with several other items to go along with.  My husband and my dad cooked the ribs on a slow cook all day long, later that evening they noticed that the aroma in the house was "sour" and sure enough they pulled the ribs out of the oven and they were indeed sour (my husband fell victim to a taste test.) They immedieltly took the ribs back to the store to see if they could work something out. They were helped out by the checkout manager, with his accommodating service & very pleasant personality. He gave them back a full refund and allowed them to purchase the few pounds of kabobs that they chose, on the house.  He was apologetic for the inconvenience, making light of the situation and was understanding. My husband and my dad felt that after a "wasted day of cooking" and a late kabob dinner, Sprouts was redeemed through such great customer service!!!!!! I love this location even more now :)  Thank you.
5	I looove shopping at this Sprouts in my neighborhood. Always fresh produce & meats. Great weekly deals!!! I'm always rushing in & out but staff are consistently kind & knowledgeable. Register moves quick enough. Oh & the selection of breads & snacks are great as well.
3	First off, this store has a funky smell when you first walk in that kind of just lingers. Yuck. If Trader Joe's and Pete's Fresh Market got together and had a baby, then Sprouts would be it. Lots of organic products, decent selection of produce. High prices but then again every store I've been to since moving to AZ has much higher prices then what I'm used to in Chicago.....as crazy as that sounds. Haven't found a grocery store that I'm crazy about here yet.
5	I was happy to find that Sprouts carries my favorite yogurt..Voskos!!! Amazing:-)  I love Sprouts  and I trust their products. Just overall a great healthy place to shop.
2	I like Sprouts but I recently had a bad experience with the check out lady.  She was engaged in a personal conversation with another employee when I was putting my items on the belt.  She said, Hi how are you today... which I replied I was good and asked how she was.  She continued her conversation with other employee, I had a bag of vegetables that a hole had ripped, so I pointed it out to her so she wouldn't spill the, etc.   I thought she might have got another bag or had someone else get me one, that would have been the right thing to do.  Instead, she didn't say anything about it, just went right on with her conversation.  She said, hi how are you today.....AGAIN, this time I didn't say anything.. I felt like telling her she already asked me that and I already responded.   Not great customer service, I always hope there is someone else working, but sadly it's almost always her when I shop.   Their green beans were disappointing, lots of brown spots and very thin ones, non usable.   I like the new bags they have for the bulk foods, however, you have to write the SKU number on them first before filling them up and well that's hard to do sometimes, not a ton of room and the pens don't stretch to far.   Better customer service will make me come back, pay attention to the customer, your personal conversation can wait.
