4	I think this store just had it's grand opening, so I won't say anything about the surprising lack of decor (there was none).When you walk in the store, the smell is amazing. There are many different types of cupcakes, some in a refrigerator case and the others are on the counter. They look like something out of a strawberry shortcake fairytale. So do the girls behind the counter - they're really cute in their pink aprons (I wonder if they make guy clerks wear pink aprons too). What about the cupcakes? Well... like I said, they look fantastic but to be honest, the one I had was somewhat dry (oh my gosh, ganache). Maybe they should offer milk at the cupcakery? The frosting was fairly good and tasted homemade, but I found I had to scrape about half of it off because it was so overwhelming. Also, they are kind of pricey at $2.50 a pop, but I suppose that it is good because the price will keep you from overindulging. Seeing the sugary wonderland was fun, the service was good, the cupcakes are somewhat tasty, and it's cool the business is owned by a chick.  But... cupcakes from a box might be a better (and cheaper) way to surprise your sweetie.
5	I thought I didn't like cupcakes. After eating at almost every buzzworthy cupcake place in New York, (one of the great capitals of food) at the insistence of my friends, I had determined that I was just not a cupcake gal.The cupcakery changed my mind. My friend bought a dozen cupcakes and we ate...well...I really shouldn't say, it would sound gluttonous, which we were, but, she said it best, their cupcakes are good because they are firm and not crumbly or too moist. It tastes like cupcakes should, that same feeling when you eat cupcakes at your grade school bake sale, and someone's Mom is the most awesome baker ever. I felt that joy. Go!!!!Check out their super cute aprons they have for sale. Even in Japan, these aprons would be considered almost too cute, see what I'm talking about....
4	Boxed cake mix much? I swear it tastes just like Betty Crocker. Which I luv. But not so much in supposedly gourmet cupcakes.But hey it was free...used in a prop for one of our meetings which was kind of funny, I snagged the last unmolested one from the box after all was said and done.Frosting was pink and shortening-sweet, and I loved the cake, super soft and puffy, with a crunchy top and the old-fashioned yellow cake feel and taste. But seriously, boxed cake mix...I swear. I make a lot of cupcakes and this just did not taste all-natural homemade.Got my cucpake fix in LV though and I scarfed it cuz it was yummy, so I ain't complainin!!!
5	So my sister had told me about this place and I was hesitant due to the fact that we in LA have sprinkle. Well sprinkle has nothing on this place. They have the best cupcakes and variety I have ever seen. Not only do the taste good but they look so cute. the store is also very cute and clean. The help is very nice, friendly, and knowledgeable. Price is worth the cupcake. $30 for a dozen and if your a local you buy 12 dozen and get a 13th free with a punch card. They have little mini samples to taste. I bought a dozen, I tasted the Southern Belle which is red with a cream cheese frosting. This is there BEST cupcake it is so great the cake melts in your mouth while the frosting has a great texture to it and amazing flavor. I also got the Boston Cream Cake, strawberry with champange frosting, Chocolate, and Banana. They were all equally good in there own way. Each with the cake melting and perfect texture and frosting with excellent flavors. If you are in Vegas it is a MUST EAT!
4	I loved the Southern Belle cupcake. The cupcakery version of the red Velvet cupcake. The cupcake was super moist. The frosting was great, not too sweet cream cheese frosting and it was a good portion of frosting, not too much where all I tasted was frosting. I grabbed 6, the Boston Dream, Southern Belle, Bugsy, Mocha and the Strawberry Shortcake. The Strawberry Shortcake did scare me a bit, because it was piled on with frosting. The friend who ate it said the cupcake was kind of sweet, but he ate the whole thing. So that tells me he still enjoyed it. I didn't have a chance to try any of the other cupcakes, but next time I will try something else. All the cupcakes are aesthetically  pleasing, some are on cake stands and some are in the case. I suppose the cupcakes in the case are the regulars which they make a larger batch of and the cupcakes in the cake stand are the limited cupcakes. I also think the prices are pretty reasonable, $2.75 for a regular and filled cupcake. Most cupcake places charge more for the filled ones.  I would definitely make a trip off the strip to have cupcakes from cupcakery.
4	I really don't have much of a sweet tooth, but I always have room for a cupcake (or two).  I don't even know what it is about these little delicious cakes that gets my mouth watering, but I will always have a spot for them, in my tummy.The hubby and I really do enjoy the Cupcakery cupcakes.  I try to save this place for special occasions.  Our faves are the Southern Belle (red velvet with cream cheese frosting), Boston Dream (yellow cake with a chocolate top and a Bavarian creme center), and Oh, My Gosh Ganache! (yellow cake, chocolate frosting, and chocolate center).  Sometimes the cake can be dry, but the frosting is always perfect!  Not too heavy and rich (that can KILL a cupcake) but super tasty and not too sweet.The price can get you sometimes ( $2.75 each/$30.00 per dozen) but once I bite into one, it's worth it.  Damn, I think I want to eat one now...
2	The Cupcakery is located in my version of the Bermuda Triangle: its within close proximity of In-n-Out, Chipotle, and The Golden Spoon. Sometimes I go there. And I never come out. I only go here when I get the coupon in my ValPak or whatever. I appreciate the whole cupcake phenomena and all, but for three dollars a pop, its kind of hard to be enthusiastic. One cupcake is like half my dessert intake. For three dollars, I can get a satisfying portion of frozen yogurt at The Golden Spoon next door. The variety of the cupcakes is very novel, though. And the Martha Stuart decor of the store is very eye candy. My favorite cupcakes were the Kir Royale (strawberries and champagne), the Southern Belle (red velvet), and the Chocolate Peanut Butter is kind of a given. * off the strip, non-casino
1	I went to the one in Summerlin and was very disappointed with their cupcakes.  I bought a dozen assortment and initially I was impressed at how pretty they were.  However, 7 out of the 12 were dry and we ended up throwing them away!  I did buy them and bring them immediately to a party, so it wasn't like I kept them overnight somewhere.  I e-mailed the website the following day, but I didn't hear from them at all.  I called them a couple of weeks later and they said that they didn't get my e-mail.  I asked to speak to the manager but they gave me the run-around and told me to e-mail Pamela, the manager, directly.  I did but again did not hear from them.  So I called again and spoke to someone else other than the manager and they said that I should have brought the dry cupcakes as proof.  Can you believe that?  That thought never even occured to me.  She even asked me questions like "how long did I leave it out?", etc.  $30 for a dozen cupcakes is not cheap and I expect certain level of quality.  SO IF YOU GET CUPCAKES FROM HERE AND ARE NOT SATISFIED, DON'T THROW IT AWAY LIKE I DID.  KEEP IT AND BRING IT TO THE STORE FOR PROOF! If you do try one flavor, try the red velvet one.  Otherwise, don't waste your money here.  Go do something else like getting a delicious pie at Marie Callendar's.
2	Went here and tried a full dozen cupcakes.  Based on reviews, I was really looking forward to the Cupcakery.  Only the Southern Belle (red velvet) and the Peanut Butter Chocolate was great.  The rest were surprisingly dry and overbaked.  Ended up throwing most of them away, and I *love* cupcakes.  I've tried many a cupcake place, from Kara's Cupcakes in SF, Teacakes in Emeryville, to Sprinkles in LA, and I guess one shouldn't have too high expectations from Vegas.  Maybe it's the dry air.  Unfortunately, I would really recommend finding another place unless you're absolutely desperate for cupcakes.  And even then, be sure to try them on the spot to ensure they're edible.
1	I had been eyeballing The Cupcakery for several of mine and the girls at work's trips to Chipotle for lunch and finally HAD to go in... The store was super cute and noone was at the counter... As I was browsing the flavors the cashier came up and very impatiently asked "what can I get for you?" in a super snobby voice like I was sooo bothering her... She kinda followed me down the counter (it's not very long so I felt very rushed in this important decision) and I asked her about a particular flavor named "Bugs" or something similar... It had a cute caterpillar piped on top.. and the cashier looked at me like I must be sooo stupid and says " It's carrot cake" in the most condescending tone EVER! Needless to say I did not pick Bugs... So sorry Cupcake Girl that I didn't make that connection and you didn't really make me feel welcome to read the description...I went back to the office with Oh My Gosh Ganache and found myself munching on what seemed like a strofoam peanut with a dollop of crisco in the middle... I didn't finish it... That's never happened with me and a cupcake before... Not even the ones in a six pack from the grocery store!!! Lucky for me I found Retro Bakery, whose cupcake are fantastic and they are super friendly to boot!
5	I've never eaten a bad cupcake from the Cupcakery - and I've eaten a lot of them over the past two years while working for a company that Cupcakery favored.  While they are pricey little things, the result is almost pure art.  I called in a special order for my husband's birthday (at $30 a dozen they only get calls from me on special occasions) and the girl taking my order was detailed, thorough and as sweet as the buttercreme frosting on an "Oh My Gosh, Ganache."  Fortunately, the two store locations are far enough from my place of residence where it's usually out-of-sight-out-of-mind saving me from these calorie-laden nuggets of sin.
2	I stumbled upon this place by accident actually.  I went to pick up lunch at Chipotle and I happened to park right in front of The Cupcakery.  I guess the prices have gone up since I have been there, I only paid $2.50 each, which I thought was a little steep then.  There are too many options, all the cupcakes look super yummy and they are decorated really nice, so they are all tempting.  I love lemon, so I chose Lemonberry, which is a lemon cake with blueberry icing.  I also chose the Kir Royale, which is raspberry cake with champagne frosting.  I was a little surprised to find that the cake was extremely dry!  I can make cupcakes at home that are more moist than this!  The frosting was really good, especially the Kir Royale, but the cake was disappointing.  I later found out that this location has just opened and they have another location across town.  One of my co-workers told me that the other location has been there longer and she thinks maybe the ovens are new so they maybe cooking quicker.  She said she even noticed this location had drier cakes.  I came to town again for work and I had to give this place a second chance.  I ordered the same two cupcakes again, even though they were dry I liked the combinations of cake and icing.  Unfortunately the cake was again dry.  This had been months since I tried it the first time, so I guess they just don't know how to bake them at this location.
2	After driving by The Cupcakery 4 times a day for a week I talked my mil and DH into going.  I only found it because I got lost, but was happy to find it.  We got a variety of cupcakes.  By far the best is the Red Velvet, but the others were lacking big time.  The cake was very dense and had no flavor.  I think Betty Crocker has a better mix.  They do have cute clothing though.
2	I was truly disappointed with this place, extremely overpriced and the one I had, a carrot cake cupcake was dry & stale. I got there late in the day and they still had quite an inventory & at their prices I hardly imagine they throw anything out , hence the stale cupcake I paid $4 for. Everything looked pleasant & the girls working were fast & friendly but truly disappointing.
5	Thank you for coming to Texas!!
4	FREE cupcakes for Cupcake Day-choose from a Tickle Me Pink or Southern Beller. Great cream cheese icing and soft fresh cupcakes, much better than last time when I had the carrot cake one. The place was packed will elementary school kids on a field trip. Everyone was all smiles.
5	They taste sooooo GOOOOOOOOOODDDDD!!!!I wish there was one in every major city. Maybe then it won't be as expensive but who knows!
5	THEY DELIVER! The best thing when you're visiting Vegas and you don't have a car. The first delivery we got was amazing! My husband and I walked around our hotel with the brown and pink box and we were stopped so many times, with people asking where we got them. We should have gotten referral points! The second delivery (different trip), the driver must have had a lead foot b/c the cupcakes were flipped over and tilted in the box. Even though they were a little ugly, they still tasted amazing! Yeah, they're pricey, but they're well worth it. Moist cake, delicious frosting (sometimes a little too much, but i'm picky lol), and cute decorations.
4	After moving back to Pasadena from Vegas.. there's one thing I miss and that's The Cupcakery.  The Cupcakery combines the best of two cupcake stores in Pasadena.  The cupcakes are really cute (like Dots) and the cupcakes taste really good (like Violet's).  As usual, I had the red velvet on several occasions while living in Vegas and it was delicious every time!  I will definitely visit The Cupcakery when I find myself in Vegas again.  It would be even better if The Cupcakery will consider opening a location in L.A.   COME TO L.A. Cupcakery!
3	If you live in a land where cupcake spots popup everywhere, you might not be as enthused as if living in the dessert where there is plenty of lots of things...but not one of these places.  I first experience them at a wedding faire then a few months ago visiting my sister.The cupcakes are like a hello kitty fantasy with a multitude of color.  Bright yellows and lavendars and sweet pinks..on food. We did a little day-old sampler which is discounted and a few freshies.  It is like tasting pure sugar with flavor. I always have to try red velvets and the southern velvet was okay with a thick frosting. Almost too dense as mentioned.I like the creative flavors but i'm a simple girl at heart and would rather just have chocolate. carrot, and pumpkin. I would say this is more a 3.5. If I lived closer. I'd be here all the time.
3	Cute.  Cupcakes were fine.   I also am suspicious that their cakes seem like they are from a mix -- unlike most other cupcake places, the tops of their cupcakes are high and very rounded just like when you use a mix at home.  In LA this place would not stand out in the least, but in Vegas it's probably the only decent option if you're craving what they serve and aren't looking for value.  Come to think of it, that's true of lots of places in Vegas.
3	So after a grueling day of cheer practice we decide to treat our squad with some cupcakes (the girls are ages 5-8, yeah we crack that whip! How else do you get 1st place National Champs!!) from The Cupcakery!!! Yeah, these girls worked had for their competition that was taking place the next day so why not shell out $90 for 3 dozen......thank god we held fundraisers throughout the season! 90 bucks, yikes!!! We purchased half Southern Belle and half Strawberry. The packaging- cuteThe overall look- cuteThe price- not so cuteThe taste- eh, not wowed. The cupcake itself tasted a little dry and the frosting on the strawberry was a little overwhelming. But hey I heard no complaints from anyone else, maybe I'm a tough sell.......after all I am from LA where Sprinkles Red Velvet cupcakes rule!!!
1	All I have to say is...don't waste your time...try RETRO BAKERY instead!!!
2	The bakery iteself is cute, pink and brown; the presentation is nice.  But the cupcakes themselves, left a little to be desired.  I'm from the SoCal area, where Sprinkles reigns supreme.  Maybe I'm a little spoiled by their cupcakes.  I like to try new cupcake bakeries when I travel, so I looked up the Cupcakery while in Vegas last year.  The cupcakes themselves were darling.  I ordered a dozen, and sampled a little of everything they had to offer.  Giddy with my new find, I raced back to our hotel to share with my hubby.  The cupcakes were dry and lacked the oomph that I was expecting.  I saw the rave reviews about this place, so I thought I'd give it a try.  They were fair, but nothing to rave about.  Sadly, they would probably not fare so well out here in CA, where places like Sprinkles and Crumbs are the kings of the block.
3	I love their cupcakes. But the last time I was in Vegas, I left the Cupcakery without buying any. Which for anyone who knows me, knows the reason must be a good one.I had a couple students with me for a tournament and promised them delicious cupcakes. We roll into the Cupcakery and I have a student ask me what Red Velvet was. I know it isn't chocolate, but try explaining it to a student and the first comparison you might make is that it is like chocolate (even the true recipes have some cocoa in them).Before I could finish explaining, the woman behind the counter, who wasn't involved in out conversation to begin with, cuts me off and says "it's not chocolate." I turn to her and ask how she would then explain them in a way that makes sense to a kid who has no idea what they are. She stammers and says "well those of us who know the true recipes know it isn't chocolate" without ever explaining it to my student. I then turn to my student to explain, since she didn't, to the best of my ability, what red velvet was. Again I said "it is LIKE chocolate except..." and before I could finish she sighed loudly and rolled her eyes at me (the woman behind the counter, not the student). One of my students then asked if we could leave because "the woman behind the counter is really rude and we don't need her cupcakes." If a kid asks to leave without cupcakes, there is clearly something wrong. So I took them elsewhere for cupcakes.To top off the experience, she never did explain what red velvet is!I like cupcakes, but I won't be visiting the Cupcakery again despite the deliciousness. When you buy gourmet cupcakes, you are also paying for the experience, and my experience ruined the flavor of the Cupcakery cupcakes.
5	You will roll your eyes and say "OMG, I can't believe how good this is!" - why not, everybody else does!  We stopped by late one afternoon and all they had left was three lonely little cupcakes, which we bought without much expectations.  One was a "pina colada" cupcake, so my husband thought that would just be too weird, but it was amazingly good!  And Fresh!  Expensive!  But worth it! :)
2	Chemical-tasting cupcakes are abound!Atmosphere/cleanliness: Well-lit and efficient shop.  Unfortunately, it seems crowded inside by too much stuffed into a small shop!Service: Average.  Employee seemed bothered by my presence.  WTF? Food: The Cupcakery boasts nobody makes them better, I beg to differ.  I came by on a Friday morning, just 2 hours after opening, and they already ran out of a flavor.  Better places would make sure to have enough product available and make more when they run out!  First sample: The Julius- intense orange flavor is there with good moistness, but there was something not quite right about the flavor, something artificial and chemical-like that had me reaching for my bottled water.  Second sample: Southern Belle- a classic red velvet that again was good on moistness, but something was missing in the flavor department, the taste was odd.  Come here if you're into the gaudiness of The Strip and want to see it in a cupcake shop.  Overdone and artificial sums it up!
1	This little shop is clean and the cupcakes are gorgeously decorated and the logo is cute. While I've eaten at enough expensive restaurants, I have never bought a $3.75 cupcake. They said Southern Belle was the most popular. I also bought Julius for the unique flavor. More than disappointed with them. Cute packaging, cute decorations, but reminds me of Godiva chocolates - all packaging but low quality product. Cupcakes were dense and dry. Even my kids wouldn't take second bites.
4	The ice cream cupcakes are evil good, worth checking out.
5	As good as I've tried in Vegas.Their southern Belle (red velvet) is delish and I really like their strawberry shortcake, but it is too sweet for most.  This is my go to spot for birthdays and the recipeints are always happy.
2	My cupcake tasting has now gone into another state. I was sooo excited to go check out this place and when I pulled into the shopping center I could SMELL the cake batter outside - YAY ! I went in and saw all these little round displays with different flavors. The selection was probably about ten. I widdled down my choices to four- orange creamsicle, lemon, chocolate w/buttercream, and kir royale. All very pretty but my favorite was the orange creamsicle. It tasted just like the ice cream bar and was the prettiest w/the swirl frosting. The Kir Royale was odd. Chocolate was boring and tasted chemically and drylemon was ok. Ahh... Sprinkles how I miss thee.
5	Overall I like this place- its probably the best cupcakes I can get here and for $2.50 not bad....I've been charged double this for cakes I've spat out. I've tried a few places in Vegas and I keep coming back to here- their flavors are good and consistency/standards are great.For me, I just want a bulk of my order to be  their carrot cake and red velvet cake- my faves here and favorite flavors in general. I like that the cakes are very moist each time and their creamcheese frosting is well done....some places do buttercream on velvet and carrot cake and it's never as good that way. Red velvet is the closest I came to my favorite spots back home in LA. We've tried a few flavors and though, good, I haven't found one I want to make a regular flavor as some I feel I really have to be in the mood for (like the peanut butter chocolate is yum but very very rich). I do like the pumpkin cake, but I think thats seasonal. Currently they have a Elvis banana peanut butter bacon one and that I would love to try for fun and a gauge as it takes talent to make those flavors come forth right individually and deliver as a whole. Though service isn't chatty each time we've had someone smiling back at us so it's been a pleasant experience coming here. Great thing is its right by my mother in laws so always a convenient stop to get some noms on the weekend.
3	I'm a self-proclaimed cupcake fiend.  I've been on a cupcake hunt for months now, searching for the best little cakes to satisfy my sweet tooth.  The Cupcakery is A-Ok.  Nothing too great, but it's not horrible by any means.  We went here on a Saturday afternoon at the request of our bachelorette.  Yes, our entire entourage took a trip from the strip for some cupcakes.  Between the lot of us we were able to try a significant amount of flavors.  Here's the low down: * Grasshopper - dark chocolate cake with mint chocolate buttercream frosting - very, very rich; if you're a chocolate + mint lover [think Andes with 10 million times the sugar!], this may be the one for u.  The frosting was super dense and rich, and you'll definitely want a huge glass of milk with it.  * Coco Frauline - dark chocolate cake stuffed full of traditional German Chocolate goodies... creamy coconut and pecan gooeyness. * The Julius - consists of a chunky orange pineapple cake covered with cream frosting.  It's really like an orange julius in cupcake form. * Kir Royale - moist raspberry cake drenched in a bubbly champagne frosting.  Everyone who took a bite of this looked confused, like we didn't know how or where to place it.  It's just ODD.  Most people were confused by it, 1 person didn't like it, but I didn't mind it so much.  Nothing I'd order myself, tho.  * Boston Dream - Moist yellow cake, Bavarian creme filling with a cap of chocolate ganache.  One of the best in the cupcakery.  Like a boston cream pie.  Super simple and super yummy.  * Southern Belle - Sumptuous red velvet cake smothered with cream cheese frosting.  Hands down THE best cupcake they offer.  There's no doubt as to why it's their best seller.  At least 1/2 of the girls ordered this cake and were drooling at every bite.  The cake is moist and the frosting actually wasn't too sweet.  It was almost a perfect cake:frosting ratio.  The Southern Belle earns this place the full 3 stars.  The rest of the cakes, while creative and pop culture-inspired, didn't really do much for me.  The cakes were just okay, and the frosting was too sugary for my taste (and this is coming from a girl who loves her sweets!).  Order a Southern Belle [cupcake, that is], gobble it down on the ride back to the Strip, and commence with your debauchery.  ;D
3	My friend is into this store because he loves the Kir flavor. I am intrigued, but wasn't into the idea of it enough to try it.I'll be honest, I thought mine - which was German Chocolate Cake flavor, don't recall the specific name, was kind of dry. But it had that gooey coconut frosting in the center, which fought off the dryness, and so over all I did enjoy it. The cake designs in the store were quite nice. I'd say the stand-out feature of this store for me, writing the review several weeks later, was that the guy behind the counter was both extremely flamboyant and happy to have us there. And we went in at like, six or seven at night so that is pretty impressive for a cupcake bakery.
4	Yeah, I'm retracting a star.The short of it- I went back for cupcakes one day and also had some cupcakes during AIDs Walk. I still think they are good, but I don't know if they were AS good since the first few times I had their cupcakes. Red Velvet and Carrot are still solid so I will come when I'm in the vicinity for those two only....I tried some of the other flavors again and I did not enjoy them so much, kinda dry and too sugary (Kir Royale Julius). They raised their prices again too. I went before when it was $2.50, then it was $2.75 and it is currently $3. I don't mind paying for quality and enjoyment, but that was a jump in a matter of a year or two and I don't think they are as consistent with the flavors as before.Maybe I became biased too. Retro Bakery really sold me on themselves. Consistent cupcakes, much nicer staff and the owner is really cool. It is also by my house. Sorry, but after discovering Retro this is definitely not the best Vegas has to offer in cupcakes. Good option, but not my favorite.
1	Ok...so I am too lazy to find the Cupcakery that is associated to the Monte Carlo...but I am making the assumption that they are all the same...being a chain and all. Given all of the other cupcake places in Vegas, I would not choose the Cupcakery if it weren't for the convenience of it being located near my place of work. The cupcakes are dry (and I have eaten many a cupcake) and the frosting is sweet...though I guess this is because the cupcakes are so dry that the frosting needs to be overly sweet so that when you eat the two together it blends in perfect harmony in your mouth. The only problem is when you eat a chunk of frosting or end up with a big chunk of cupcake and no more frosting....well, then you're just out of luck.Recommend Nothing Bundt Cake (I know it's not a cupcake but is definitely a better alternative); Cupcake Lane, or Madhatter cupcakes.
2	Lame Cupcakes. I love a good cupcake and these were crumbly (not in a good way), dry-ish (certainly Not moist) and tasted like a wannabe gourmet cupcake. they tried really hard with inventive cupcakes, but that's about it*fail*
1	why on earth would someone pay $3.00 for a cupcake when you can make them at home for the same price. i don't get the cupcake craze...my brother is all about it and i watch him spend $30 easy on cupcakes a week. i tried one of these 'golden' cupcakes and it was dry,  tasteless, and not worth $3. sorry... two thumbs down
4	I enjoy the cupcakery very much. Every time I've had them they have been light and moist, without too much frosting, but good flavors. And I'll admit, I'm a sucker for glitter. I especially loved their cherry one (with a cherry baked right in) but I haven't seen it recently. :(
3	Did these cupcakes make me go wow??? No.  But they did make me go yumm :-)  They were definitely better then what you'd buy at the store though.  I didn't necessarily think these cupcakes were dry but I felt that you don't necessarily need quite so much frosting on top.  I also tried their PBJ and I like everything about it except the amount of jelly was in 1 tiny spot inside the cupcake. It was about equal to what you could squirt in there with an eye dropper.  I expected to bite into it and have it filled inside like you would a jelly filled donut.   The cupcakes are good but as far as price goes. I'd rather tell ya to pick out a dozen donuts at your best donut shop and you'd still be far cheaper.
3	The first time I had ever tried cupcakes from here was at a birthday party. I was impressed on the flavor and creativity of the Coconut Surprise so I went and visited the store itself. It was a cute little shop, quiet and they had a small selection of cupcakes there. I was shocked  by the price of the cupcakes....to bring home a half dozen, you are spending over $10! But i figured if all of them were as good as the Coconut Surprise, it should be worth it. So I tried the southern belle, coconut surprise (my two fav's), the choc dobash, orange julius, carrot cake, and the pbj. one thing i can say of ALL of them is there is a lot of frosting. its more sweet than anything. Honestly, they do have their signature cupcakes here, but I don't think paying up to $3 a cupcake is worth it. I wouldn't recommend being a frequent here, but if you are in a fix for a nice treat, I'd stop by again.
4	Why are people hating on cupcakes?  CUPCAKES, of all things?I experienced mini versions of these sweet cuppin' cakes at a Yelp event earlier in the Summer, and so entranced was I in these wee edibles, that I vowed to: "Get thee to a Cupcakery(TM)!"And so I did.Admittedly, $3 bucks a cake is a bit much, but I did notice a sign that Nevada apparently no longer applies sales tax to baked goods, it was a flat $3.I tried the PB Jammin' cake, which was peanut butter with a hint of grape jelly.  Everyone is bemoaning that these pastries are dry, but mine was moist and flavorful.  I personally liked it, as it reminded me of one of those little Crustables sandwiches, but it was a cupcake.....(You were expecting me to say it tasted like something else, maybe?)I've has the Southern Belle before, and those are indeed good times.  I was tempted to try other flavors, but one can only spend so much on gourmet cupcakes.  One can also only eat so much on gourmet cupcakes.  Overdose would likely translate into bad times.As a "special treat", it speaks volumes.  I personally am a bigger fan of the "wee cupcakes", but you can't win them all.
1	I love cupcakes, but not the cupcakes from this place. Sorry to say but it's just not that good to me. One of the cupcakes I bought taste like medicine. If I wanted to spend $3 on a cupcake that tasted like medicine then I would of been better off buying cupcakes at the grocery store or make my own.Of course I gave this place another shot and ordered the red velvet, ummm it was just O-K to me. Too much frosting and it was dry! I love moist cupcakes not no hard ones! Even my bf's cupcake was hard and he got the strawberry lemonade one.
4	The wife and I are cupcake fans and she has been talking about The Cupcakery for the past year. She has been there several times and insists that the place is Gods gift to the cupcake world. I cant wholly disagree, but it wasnt all I was hoping for.We got 6 different cupcakes, including: chocolate mint, strawberry, raspberry with champagne frosting, mocha and a couple that are slipping my mind. They were all good, but I think I was expecting some sort of religious experience. Either way, one more cupcake place checked off our list.
3	I can't believe people spend this much $$$ on cupcakes. I bake killer cakes and cupcakes pretty regularly so cannot justify spending this much on cupcakes, however, I must admit theirs are very pretty.I bought a couple of coupons on groupon so I could bring my husband some sparkly treats at work, otherwise I wouldn't have ventured in there. I know when I make my cakes from scratch, they are very moist - these weren't as moist as mine. When the groupons run out, I won't be back, but I must admit, they make a great gift. I'm going to bring a 6 pack as a thank you to my PT when I finish physical therapy next month.
3	Mmmm... cupcaaaakes! *drool drool*I really can't remember when or where this cupcake craze started but I'm glad it started! And the reason I'm glad for this craze is the Cupcakery!There was a time my girlfriend surprised me at work with a dozen of these aesthetically pleasing and mouth-watering pieces of art. I believe there are man things to consider when judging a particular food but what it comes down to is flavor, texture, and presentation. These cupcakes peak in all three.OMG-Ganash (Chocolate truffle!), Bugsy (Carrot Cake), and Lemonberry (Lemon cake with blueberry frosting) are my top 3! Southern Belle and red velvet are starting to get old to me. The best part about the Southern Belle is the cream cheese frosting!Would I ever come back? I would as a gift or treat for a birthday celebrant, but not on my own just to satisfy a craving. Plenty of other places to go for that! :) Happy eating!
4	After sampling MadHatter Cupcakes (kinda flavorless) and Cupcake Lane (ugh, the frosting.... too much and too sugary), I'm going to put it out there: Cupcakery kicks your collective butt.  While not all of the flavors left me wanting seconds, the Kir Royale, the Grasshopper, and absolutely the Southern Belle (Red Velvet) were standouts to me.  The Orange Julius was a little too strong for me.I drop by every couple of weeks, order a new one, and nom it down.  I have a friend who requests that I pick up him a Red Velvet Cupcake on the way to the airport to pick him up.  Seriously. Best Red Velvet in town?  No, IMO, that title belongs to Red Velvet Cafe for their self titled cake.  But Cupcakery's Southern Belle puts up a mean fight... proper amount of frosting and just the right size.And as mentioned, cupcakes are now a flat 3 bucks.  Horray no sales tax!  I hope they stay that price.  (However, to those who are all "OMG THAT MUCH FOR CUPCAKES?! " Uh, you try baking cupcakes and paying rent, utilities, and employees!)Although I do agree about the to-go box... it's cute but a better, more secure method of taking individual ones to go would be excellent.
1	i had a chocolate cupcake from this today and currently am suffering from food poisoning. i suspect that it's salmonela.  i threw up everything that was inside me and still can't move, and have a crazy headache.  watch out when eating their cupcakes.
2	Eh? Soo, I was expecting to want to do a cartwheel or something great  for $3.00 cupcakes. I have NO Problem paying that much for a cupcake, but darn it, they better be worth it. Sorry...more like .75 a peice is more like it. But they were pretty!
3	Mmm... I am a sucker for sweets.Was meeting my girls next door at Market Grill for late lunch and didn't know that there was a Cupcakery in the center. Stopped by to check it out since I was early.. or rather they were late...Cute little shop. They had 3 samples left for me and my girls. It was the flavor of the month. It was like chocolate cupcake with cookies and cream frosting. YUM!After lunch, which was very filling, I came back to purchase. $3 for a cupcake and $1.5 for cake balls... eh...I had the german chocolate cupcake... which was good, but not great. My friend had the flavor of the month and a cake ball. And the other girls had the red velvet. They had a good selection of flavors and they looked fabulous. And they had this special for valentines day where they personalize and decorate it. Sorry no pictures.I do want to try the Orange Julius cakeball and cupcake next time and the other flavors, because they look amazing. But not anytime soon.. there's other delicious carbs that I are higher priority!
1	all i can say is wow....never have i been so dissapointed in how i spent 32 bucks.Ive eaten and baked alot of cupcakes in my day and im such a sucker for good sweets.These however were anything but good. First of all they were to dense and wayyyyy to dry. overly sweet cake mixed with overly sweet iceing doesnt make for even a decent cupcake.Some of the flavors they choose to combine were far from tasty and the way the went about introduceing the flavors was off, i mean we got what they wanted to portray but it just wasent what it should have been.all in all it was a dissapointing experiance. even my 5 year old told me "mom your cupcakes are better" and i couldnt agree more especially for 32 dollars.
1	The cupcakes were quite a let down. We spent quite a bit of money to get cupcakes for our entire group (there were 14 of us), and unfortunately the cupcakes weren't anything special. I'm a cupcake fanatic and sweet lover, so it's not like I'm not a dessert person.. because I am.  However these just didn't do it for me.  The cake was dry and lacking flavor, and the frosting wasn't enough to save the cupcake. I knew everyone else felt the same as no one finished a whole cupcake. The shop was decently cute, but smelt horribly of tobacco from the store next door.  If you want a yummy cupcake, but want to avoid the strip I'd suggest Gigi's or the whole foods at town square.
1	Uh, no. I tried the lemon/lemon (the flavor by which I judge all cupcake bakeries) and my friend had the chocolate/peanut butter. My cake was dry and tasted like fake flavoring instead of lovely lemon flavoring that comes from actual lemons. I did not finish the cupcake. How wrong is that? Also, I was so incredibly disappointed that I didn't even want to know about the chocolate/peanut butter situation. My friend will need to write his own review if he wants to bring up the rating!I can only hope for the fine people living in or visiting Las Vegas that they have better options for a cupcake fix. Pass on this one, peeps.
3	They have delicious cupcakes! Yes they do BUT the prices are outrageous! One cupcake costs the same as buying all the ingredients to make 24 at home!!
4	Cupcakes are ruling my world right now.  Summer is coming up, I need to stop soon. But in the meanwhile, I am making a strong effort to taste as many different cupcakes places as possible.  The cupcakes here were good. I only tried three, but one of them was the best one I think I've had yet. It was a chocolate one with a cookies and cream topping. I really enjoy the cupcake cream here, I could taste the difference and I liked it.$3 per cupcake.+4, worth the price and the extra cardio.
4	Oh man!  My friend brought me here knowing that I LOVE cupcakes and let me tell you, they are delicious!  I'm from CA and have tried other cupcake places.  True, these cupcakes aren't as big as the ones in Cali but they sure are flavorful.  I got a dozen to try as many cupcakes as possible.  I brought them home with share with my siblings where we had a taste test.  Our favorites by far are the Bugsy, The Julius, Southern Belle, Lemon Creamcheese, PB Twist, and the Grasshopper MInt.  Yum!
5	I MISS YOU CUPCAKERY..WILL YOU AT LEAST WRITE?You have ruined my world. Cupcakes so beautiful you can frame them (well...oh you know what i mean!)Cupcakes so big, but so painful to share!Flavors that are so friggen sexy...I just got a tingle in my dingle*I dont care the cost...Damn the cost DAMNIT I SAY!!Ill return to you my love...until then...kisses and calories
5	I absolutely LOOOOVE the Cupcakery(: It is amazing. I go literally every sunday. Whomever I take with me is certainly a lucky duck. (: I HIGHLY suggest getting the CHOCOLATE FRECKLES. Also, the Staff is suuuper nice. They remember me & my order every time. I love it. They make me feel like VIP.Wonderful, wonderful.The red velvet & lemon are also delicious(:
4	I LOVE the Cupcakery.  I stop by at least twice a month to get myself a goody or dozen.  Sometimes I share!   I was miffed after I went to an "event' that was supposed to be the Cupcakery's 5th anniversary celebration.  I was ultra-excited, imagining mounds and mounds of the Cupcakery's merchandise and getting to stuff myself full of cupcakes, and there were none.  However, they MORE than made good on this and gave me a dozen cupcakes.  Okay..  I'm a definite fan :)   Great customer service and awesome cupcakes.  What more would you want?  Oh-it's a cute CUTE shop too.  Other fun stuff for sale (aprons, etc).
4	Well this is my favorite cupcake place in town; the frosting to cake ratio is perfect and they have some great flavors. I really like the orange one the best. They are not as moist as I would like and this price is a little expensive but, they are a lot better than Gigi's and take the cake for local cupcakes as of now. The cake moisture and more natural ingredients and this place can be a 5 star for sure.  I compare all cupcakes to Trophy Cupcake in Seatte which is by far the best ever and I am a little spoiled because of them.
4	I love you because you are close and my daughters will promise untold number of room cleanings for a tasty treat from The Cupcakery.
3	Ok so maybe coming here expecting the cupcakes were going to be awesome was a bad idea. Ive been wanting to try the cupcakes here for quite some time now and was uber excited when I finally got here. The place is small and have no tables for you to sit,chill, and eat..so it's more of a takeout place. My bf and I got here around 2 so this will probably explain why th cupcakes were dry? Anyway, I got the vanilla with regular icing and my bf got the chocolate with peanut butter icing and choc ganache center. I guess mine wasn't as dry as my bf's cupcake but I never thought I'd miss smiths cupcakes...yes ive had better. The choc/peanut butter on the other hand was just dry. The choc ganache did not help with the dryness either. It was thick and too rich so the combo of dryness and thickness made us want more and more water like no tomorrow. By the time we were finish we were both making weird hacking noises because it felt like there was a piece of cake stuck in our throats. So i guess if you're planning on coming here do bring plenty of water and at least 4 bucks for one cupcake. Coming in earlier would probably help as well. I do believe in second chances so I am planning on coming back to give it another shot.
3	I'm not a fan of sweets. However, I wanted to give The Cupcakery a try. While I don't like cupcakes, I do like carrot cake. So we decided to split a Bugsy, carrot cake with cream cheese topping. It was pretty decent as far as cupcakes go. It was a little too sweet for me and I let my wife eat most of it. As we were leaving I saw they had miniature cupcakes. If we go back, I'll probably get one of them as that's about all the sweet I can handle. They do have a nice variety, and I wouldn't mind trying some more. The minis should serve me well for that.
3	They are creative with the flavors here, with cupcakes like Kir Royale, and the tiny shop is very cute. I'd probably give it a higher rating if I hadn't begun visiting here right after it opened. Back then the cupcakes were moist and HUGE and the prices were lower. Seriously, we cut one cupcake into quarters and four of us had a big mouthful (we bought several).The cupcake size has really shrunk since then and the texture is on the dry side now. The frosting is still good though.
4	Cool little cupcake shop in the north part of town!!  Try the Red Velvet Cupcake.  The server recommended it and it doesn't disappoint!The cupcakes are so sweet you can easily split one with a friend and have an adequate sugar rush for the day!
2	The red velvet was not super moist but for the day it met my sugar cravings! :-)
5	Yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!! These are the best cupcakes ever!!! The only other cupcake shop that comes close is Treat in Houston! The strawberry Strortcake was to die for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!And if they are too expensive simply get the day old boxes! They are half price and you get 6 large and 2 small for only 10 bucks!!!
1	I came out of a morning meeting on a weekday to notice 4 missed calls from a local number I don't know and two voicemails. The first was something about delivering cupcakes to me. The second, minutes later was "You didn't answer your phone, so we can't deliver your cupcakes." Confused, I called the number. A person answered with "hello?" (no business name, no greeting). The long and the short of it is they rudely told me since I didn't answer my phone in that 20 minute window, I would have to drive to their store to pick up cupcakes, that were a birthday gift from a friend. It gets better. When I replied "If a florist couldn't deliver me flowers on their first attempt, would they tell me I have to go pick them up? Of course not, that's ludicrous." The answer I received was "well that's how we do things, you can talk to the manager, he'll tell you the same thing." After finding out who sent them to me, I hung up. I called my friend and explained the story telling her to reverse the charges on her card. She said "Wait, they are trying to deliver TODAY? Your birthday was last week, I ordered FOUR DOZEN cupcakes and they were supposed to be delivered last THURSDAY." I don't care if they have unicorn tears and double-chocolate-crack frosting on them, no cupcake nor any other product is worth the pathetic, tragic customer service this joke of a business operates under. It's cupcakes--- and it's Vegas--- this isn't Magnolia's in Manhattan. I give this business two shots in 20 they will be in business in six months. Don't waste your time or your money unless you want to piss off your friends by making them drive halfway across town.
5	JAYSUS!!! when will you guys open up in So Cal? In Vegas this weekend, hitting our old haunts...just missed you and could only lick the window out front!! ( ya I licked it! so what?) Had to head back to Big Bad So Cal...sobbing without a cupcake...*sniffle.
4	Been here a couple times now and have always had a good experience. The cupcakes arent oversized and they're about the same price as everywhere else. This  one is in a nice neighborhood with lots of other stuff around. They're open a little later than other places which is also a plus.
5	They are like Kara's Cupcakes in CA if not better. What this place sets other places apart. They have edible glitter yes I said edible glitter on their cupcakes. OMG you can't tell that you are eating it. Although it leaves you with shinny lips lol. Funny if you are guy eating it. My Boyfriend had the red velvet. I had the  Kir Royale. It was so good. They let my Boyfriend try out the cream cheese frosting before he got the cupcake. He was impressed. That is what you call good customer service. The prices are about the same as Sprinkles and Kara's around $3.00 something dollars not bad at all. They have different types of drinks also. Another winner right here.
5	The best little cupcakes in the world
4	Yes, cupcakes is my drug of choice. One of the best cupcakes bakery I could find in sin city. They offered a lot of different favors but most of those had chocolate and I'm not a fan of that. What i do know is that I will be back for more, when I need my next cupcake hit. Price wasn't that bad either.
5	This place is AMAZING!!! You get to choose your cake, your filling, your frosting and a topping. They have everything from cream cheese frosting to lemon cake. It's a bit pricey but totally worth it. Sinfully delicious, you have to try one at least once.
5	I absolutely LOVE the Cupcakery and I hate forking over that much money for cupcakes. But these cupcakes are by far the best I've had, and I've tried a lot of different artisan cakes. The champagne frosting is delish! I wish they would open stores in San Francisco...hint hint.
4	I'm a fan of this little place. No matter what time of day I come in, the cakes are always fresh, and even at the end of the day, there's still some left in the back if you ask. I came by around 5 in the evening, an hour before close, and they still had my absolute favorite stashed away! The icing is very good and not overpowering. It's not piled so high as to make you full, unlike another cupcake shop in town, so while one of these little guys can be a meal, easily, it's not too much!They're pricey, but they're fancy cupcakes. If you want run-of-the-mill cupcakes, go to Smith's or Albertson's. If you want a sweet, cute treat, come here!
1	Rude! and there cupcakes SUCK! Go to www.madaboutcupcakes.com/ .. Mad Hatter - they are helful and the cupcakes ROCK!!
1	These cupcakes are extremely nasty. They taste like they are made from a box mix. I can buy 4 boxes of mix for the cost of 1 cupcake. Me thinks not. The cake is extremely dry and the icing is overly sweet, in my opinion. There are other cupcake places in town that are miles better than this one is. I wouldnt recommend this place to a person without a tongue.
3	First of all the woman at the counter was super friendly and helpful, major points for that! The cupcakes were good, not too sweet, frosting was a little dense and a touch sweet. Overall good, but not the best I've had. I'd definitely go back and try other flavors!  5 stars for customer service, 3 star cupcakes.
4	Cupcakery has many varieties of cupcakes. My favorites are lemon berry and red velvet. I've tried several cupcakes at both this location and the South Eastern location. The venue is a small cupcake shop, but the smell of cupcake is delish! It used to only be $2.50/cupcake now it's $3. Very pricey cupcakes, but it's worth to try it if you haven't yet.
4	These cupcakes are really cute and definitely tasty. Not the best I have had still, this place is worth a visit. There are so many flavors to choose from. The red velvet, the champagne, and the carrot cake are a few of my favorites. The cake is always moist and the icing is always delicious. However, these cupcakes are a little pricey at about $4.00 a cupcake.
5	These are by far the best cupcakes I've ever tasted. The icing is perfection with just the right amount of sweetness. I highly recommend the coconut delight and the red velvet. They are also beautifully decorated.
4	Yummy yummy cupcakes! Rich, moist, flavorful, many varieties, satisfying! A little expensive at $3/each.....
5	Yum! A friend introduced me to this store. These cupcakes are cute and super tasty. Better than home made. Their customer service is fantastic! The price of the cupcakes adds up, but you expect that at a cupcake store.
2	Want cupcakes? Skip this and just go to the smith's.3.00 per cupcake, 0.00 for the rude attitude on the side.I had the red velvet, I wasn't impressed. My husband had the chocolate. Both where dry, overly sweet icing and the tops were really hard.. Return factor: nah, I can get delish red velvet cakes at smiths and earn some smiths points.
4	My favorite cupcake hails from The Cupcakery in Vegas: Oh My Gosh, Ganache! It's a moist vanilla cake with chocolate ganache topped with chocolate and a bit of vanilla buttercream.  The cupcakes are so pretty and they taste just as good.  The regular flavors I usually get are: Oh My Gosh Ganache, Southern Belle (red velvet), Kir Royale (raspberry cake with champagne frosting), Tickle Me Pink, Strawberry Shortcake and Boston Dream. They have flavors of the month - Banana Cream Bomb in April is my favorite flavor of the month and is always sold out by noon.
5	These cupcakes may be the best I've ever had. Their Boston Creme one was amazing, and I loved their strawberry one. Some may bitch about the price, but for the quality, it's worth it.
1	This place was reccommended to me. I went into the Cupcakery with an open mind and I was left EXTREMEMLY disappointed. None of the cupcakes looked appealing & I'm glad I only bought one. It was a strawberry shortcake!  It was NOT delicious. I had to scrape off the HUGH mound of frosting to even out the ratio. When I bit into the cake, it was reddish/pink (food coloring...YUK!) and it didn't even taste like strawberries. In fact there were NO strawberries anywhere on the cupcake. The worst part...the cake was D-R-Y, DRY!  PROBLEMS with CUPCAKERY (my opinion):  They taste as though baker/owner uses dyes & flavoring.//The frosting-cake ratio is UNBALANCED. You get more frosting than cake.//The frosting is piled high as though the baker is trying to mask the SAHARA DESERT DRY CAKE. I've had cupcakes from a box/mix that were MORE MOIST!/// It doesn't taste as though fresh ingredients are used.//The cupcakes are VERY OVERPRICED!!!!Here in Pasadena, we have DOTS. The strawberry shortcake @ DOTS is white cake with FRESH berries on the batter. It has a perfect amount of buttercream with a simple decoration. DOTS CUPCAKES ARE SUUUUPERR MOIST!!! Best of all, they are reasonably priced. I don't understand the comments that people left and I can't believe people like the cupcakes @ Cupcakery!!!
5	I went to the Location on Eastern. I wanted to buy one cupcake but they looked so yummy I accidently got 6!! The strawberry shortcake was amazing and so was the mocha one! The girl who helped me was very sweet even thought I came in just a few min before they closed! I got a punch card and I think it might turn me into and addict!
5	I not a "cake eater" lol, but this place changed my mind. I booked them to make 60 cupcakes for my wedding back in September. Their service was friendly and professional, the delivery was on time, and the cupcakes were amazing! I had red velvet, chocolate passion, raspberry champagne, and one dozen variety. Everyone at the wedding loved them.
3	The first time I ever tried this chain was at this location with my best friend. Maybe it was the time of the day, or just the day, but when we got there, there wasn't much to choose from. I got a Chocolate Ganache cupcake, and she got the Strawberry. Even though it was pretty good, the Ganache was waaay too thick for me (which is seriously saying something since I am known for downing pure sugar) and unfortunately I had to down it quickly because it was melting, and I had to go into a store. My stomach hurt afterwards,  but that was my fault for being a fatty. My friends' cupcake was really great though, it tasted very light and had a good strawberry flavor.
5	I have tried nearly every flavor. My current favorite is the pumpkin spice with cream cheese frosting. I told the owner she must made some deal to get these recipes. I found out that many of the recipes were actually her grandmothers! Each different one looks like a work of art.As well, I have seen Cupcakery cupcakes donated at so many different fundraisers around town I can not remember one I have been to that did not have them! I think the Cupcakery donates more food to charitable causes than anyone else I have seen in Las Vegas.The only problem is I have to limit myself to one a week.
5	I absolutely LOVE the Cupcakery!!  Being a recovering cupcake addict, I have to refrain from visiting as much as I'd like. All of their recipes are delicious and beautiful. Single cupcakes come in a cute little box, totally worth $3 each. My favorite is the Southern Belle, red velvet with rich cream cheese frosting and sprinkles. They sell a dozen day old cupcakes for a discount, whether you want to treat the office or just try them all. I highly recommend this place. Many immitators, but this is the best.
4	I absolutely love stopping in and picking up individual cupcakes or even a dozen.  The grasshopper is my favorite and it was temporarily unavailable for awhile.  Luckily, it's back!  If the one you want has an empty case, just ask and most likely they will have more in the back.  $3.50 for a cupcake isn't cheap but as a treat once in a while it's a great way to spoil yourself.  Don't forget to get a punch card so after each 13 you buy, you get a free one!    Only reason I give it 4 stars and not 5 is because I have often had to deal with unfriendly staff on more than one visit at more than one location.
3	I never been one to get into the cupcake craze however a friend was pretty specific she wanted cupcakes for her birthday. I chose this place over others based on convenience - not Yelp reviews. It WAS the day before Valentines day and it was crowded, soothe fore the cupcakes would be as fresh as can be. The had a nice assortment, so I chose 6 ( including their signature) and others that appealed to me but also looked impressive many of their cupcakesjusthada swirl of frosting and some sparkle. Ehhhhh4 hours later we dug in. Each Of us sampling -one dry overly frosted cupcake that for the most part kind of all tasted alike. $3.50 a pop is a bit over rated in my opinion. I ordered 2 chocolate covered strawberries at 2.50 each and they weren't even the jumbo size but the tastiest treat. Overpriced, dry and under flavored cupcakes along with staff that was a bit overwhelmed and underwhelming.  I hear there are better out there and might try those next time instead.
3	After much research for best cupcake in Las Vegas,  I ended up hitting the cupcakery inside of Monte Carlo hotel and casinos.  It has won 2011 best of Las Vegas, so I was extremely excited about trying their cupcakes. I got 6 cupcakes, they are consists of 2 red velvets, 2 PB  twists,  1 cookies and cream and  1 PB cup. Verdict:  they all have very dense cakes,  and I find all icing to be waaaayyyy too sweet. All cupcakes were much drier than how I like my cupcakes.Shop is quite cute,  but I honestly cannot fathom how cupcakery won the  best of Las Vegas 2011. I went at 3pm, and got happy hour price of 6 for 19. So, here is another star to savings.  I must say I'm disappointed, and will probably not return anytime in the near future.
4	I can't say anything about the actual store as I did not go there, BUT, my lovely colleague brought me cupcakes from The Cupcakery and I did indulge in some of their yumminess! She brought me a Red Velvet (I think it's called a Southern Belle) cupcake and it was so good! The cake was moist and the icing was sweet and creamy. It was fantastic. I've heard they have lots of interesting flavors, so I guess it's my yelp duty to go back and try more of them. Not that I'm complaining! :)
1	I gave them a 2nd chance. Still I can go to walmart and buy an 88 cent cupcake that will be MOISTER than these.  Granted it won't be as big or the frosting as glamorous, but the cake part of the cup will taste much better.
3	I'm not all that sure how I happened to sign up for their email list but even though I hadn't visited a Cupcakery or even knew how to get to one on the bus, I was getting their emails before every holiday showing really yummy looking cupcakes.  Finally decided to drive to their North/West location on this trip. Got to the store a little late - around 3:00 pm - but they still had a decent selection.  We tried the Boston cream and German chocolate cupcakes.  The frosting was good but the cake was a little dry and there wasn't much filling in either cupcake.  Not bad but didn't really seem worth the $3.50 per cupcake price.  For the same price, I can get comparable cupcakes in Hawaii.  What happened to Las Vegas food being cheaper?
3	I stopped by the location inside the Monte Carlo hotel on their street of BROKEN dreams, a more appropriate name IMO. I was hungry and could not wait to get something inside my empty stomach. I asked the kind-of-cute sale boy what was the best, and he honestly ( I trust all cute boys!) told me that the red velvet was the shit. Ok, so I picked the red velvet because: 1. The boy told me so. 2. I am a Southern bitch, so I always love me some red velvet. The cupcake turned out to be just OK and made me less of a hungry girl. However, I doubt if I would come back to try some more cakes from this place.
4	I do believe these are the best cupcakes in town.  Cupcakes are just so wonderful anyway, I mean really, they are little packages of love and sunshine and always brighten my day!  I love that there are just so many flavors to choose from.  I try to try a different every time I visit a Cupcakery and I am always happy with my choice.  I do think they are on the pricey side, but they are delicious, so I always pay the price for them.   Yummy happiness is a small cup, YEAH!!!!
5	Love this place! I've gone here a few times before with my friend, who is also an animated cupcake lover. While they don't have much selection to sell outright on the shelf ( I think there were only about 6 flavors today when I went in) There's still lots of other kinds that they display, which you can order to your liking. I imagine they just don't make that many to sell during the day because it doesn't seem like that many people go in there.The cupcakes themselves I found to be really good, they're all natural made, and they don't have too much of a sugary overbearing taste to them. I got a Candy Apple one today and demolished it as soon as I got in my car. I kinda forgot what it tastes like cause I ate it so fast, BBUUUUUTTT I do remember that the frosting isn't thick, so I didn't choke on it. (that's happened before) and while there's a lot of flavoring in the frosting, there seemed to be a little lacking in the cake itself.But don't take my word for it, cause I inhaled that delicious shit.
3	It's aiiiiiighhht.I believe people only rant and rave about it because the cupcake SOUNDS delicious. Overall, it wasn't that great and it's all in the frosting. It'll get ya.
5	Just finished my last bite of the Crown Debry cupcake and I have to say, it's the best cupcake I have EVER had. The frosting alone with cake and bits of strawberries inside the cake were perfect. Can't find a cupcake place to beat this, especially the red velvet!
1	The Location here is terrible. I don't know what it is but i bought cupcakes here since January and every time I get cupcakes here The staff is snotty, I keep getting metallic tasting cupcakes as if there pans have not been cleaned. I also get a washy soap smell coming from around the front of house. I should be smelling sanitizer or something similar not soap and water. Now i wouldn't of put the review here just for this...but 6 different times i have got cupcakes here 6 times i ended up with food poisoning bad case to for about 48 hours. I couldn't eat much until it was done. this location should be shut down or the Baker fired. I have herd things about the Baker there and am told he is a arrogent prick and a selfish basterd. also herd he sabotages all the interns there so if you still like cupcakery be my guess but because of this location i will never eat here again at any location god only know what they do at there Eastern location
3	Delicious cupcakes. Found out about them when I was leaving Panera.  Kinda bummed that they didn't have a huge selection at about 3:39 in the afternoon but, I understand that they were closing on the next 2 hours.As far as the cupcakes, super expensive. I'm from Alabama and could get half a box of cupcakes for $3.50. They're good but the price makes you a little hesitant. They do have a loyalty card so it's something to look forward too if your stomach can handle the sugar coma that is The Cupcakery. When I say their cupcakes are sweet, I mean they ate freakin sweet. It varies depending on which one you get but they are still good. The plop of frosting is just intimidating. I would recommend this place though. Not as a regular up law joint but as a guilty pleasure every now and then
5	I LOVE the cupcakery! They make the best red velvet cupcakes I think I've ever had - in any city! I tend to bring a bunch of these with me when I go visit people (usually by request).All of their flavors are pretty decent - especially the nutty Irishman (which is seasonal, so they don't always have it) and the raspberry champagne - but none come close to comparing with the Southern Belle (red velvet). I even had the cupcakery make my wedding cake! They made an amazing six or seven tier red velvet cake with tons of candy flowers all over. All of our guests talked about how amazing the cake was.If only these cupcakes were calorie-less, I would eat them every single day!!!
4	I took my kids to the Cupcakery and I joyed the cupcakes. The only problem is the price of the cupcakes I paid $5.00 for one cup cake that was to much. I ended up buying four cupcakes. Not to say that I did not enjoy eating the cupcake, but it was overpriced.
5	Bar far BEST CUPCAKES EVER! The staff is always so friendly and welcoming making the overall experience perfect! Coconut Bliss and Southern Bell are my favorite.....=]
5	I have had five different cupcakes from here, not a single one was dry. People are complaining about them being dry...do these people like raw batter?Kir Royale. Delicious. You can taste the champagne in the frosting. I like that...it's not subtle, you know what the flavor is without being told.Vanilla. Hmmmm. I am a vanilla fan and I like me some buttercream. The buttercream had a weird tang to it I felt. Not unpleasant just strange.Lemon. It smelled like pledge, tasted like a fresh yummy lemon. That is a compliment. Freckle. It was a chocolate freckle or something similarly named. I must tell you I don't, I repeat do not care for chocolate. Like at all (take my woman-card away, right?) So you would wonder why would I bother getting a chocolate cupcake? Well chocolate always seems like a good idea and I want to like chocolate but I just don't, as I have said. I couldn't resist the lure or chocolate with cream cheese frosting. Holy delicious cupcake grail. Best. Cupcake. I. Have. Ever. Put. In. My. Mouth. And I don't even like chocolate.I had another cupcake. I can't remember which one it was. My hips remember since its still there in the form of cellulite. But it obviously wasn't bad because I would remember if it was terrible or exceptional. I just couldn't let people get away with saying these cupcakes are dry (and both times I have gone an hour before closing, so being late in the day isn't an excuse).And I am from NY so $3.00 a cupcake to me is on par with the pricing I am used to.
5	OMG...perfect cupcake. Amazing frosting and perfectly moist. Not to mention the lady behind the counter was super nice.
5	I have had five different cupcakes from here, not a single one was dry. People are complaining about them being dry...do these people like raw batter?Kir Royale. Delicious. You can taste the champagne in the frosting. I like that...it's not subtle, you know what the flavor is without being told.Vanilla. Hmmmm. I am a vanilla fan and I like me some buttercream. The buttercream had a weird tang to it I felt. Not unpleasant just strange.Lemon. It smelled like pledge, tasted like a fresh yummy lemon. That is a compliment. Freckle. It was a chocolate freckle or something similarly named. I must tell you I don't, I repeat do not care for chocolate. Like at all (take my woman-card away, right?) So you would wonder why would I bother getting a chocolate cupcake? Well chocolate always seems like a good idea and I want to like chocolate but I just don't, as I have said. I couldn't resist the lure or chocolate with cream cheese frosting. Holy delicious cupcake grail. Best. Cupcake. I. Have. Ever. Put. In. My. Mouth. And I don't even like chocolate.I had another cupcake. I can't remember which one it was. My hips remember since its still there in the form of cellulite. But it obviously wasn't bad because I would remember if it was terrible or exceptional. I just couldn't let people get away with saying these cupcakes are dry (and both times I have gone an hour before closing, so being late in the day isn't an excuse).And I am from NY so $3.00 a cupcake to me is on par with the pricing I am used to.
3	Alright I'm not a big cake person to begin with most times.  Now I have had some excellent cupcakes that have made me want cake though.  The service is good, she gave her help, answered questions and even gave me a rewards card which I didn't know they now had.The cupcakes however were a little too sweet for me.  The icing was too much but the cake was good and moist with lots of flavor in the pumpkin.  The chocolate with vanilla icing was nice for breast cancer month but usually my child loves the icing and she wanted nothing to do with these.  My bf loves cupcakes and he didn't complain having to finish two.  So I guess it depends on your taste buds.  We have had many flavors in the past as well and usually I can only eat half at a time, I guess thats one way for them to last longer.  Overall the cupcakes are pretty and if you take off half the icing you could have a good cupcake.  They are convenient with multiple locations but not my favorite in town.
4	Great cupcakes at an okay price. I've liked the 12+ flavors I've tried. Although this isn't one of my favorite cupcake shops, it is good.
4	Cupcakes for Christmas. Who wouldn't love a cupcake for Christmas? I showed up to The Cupcakery on Monday afternoon to purchase cupcakes for my co-workers. I needed 5 and I was happy to see there would be plenty of selections for me to partake of. I saw they have many differing flavors, everything from chocolate to fruity to seasonal flavors. I was greeted when I walked in and waited for other patrons to make their choices.I had each of the cupcakes placed in separate boxes since they were gifts and the girl working obliged. She also let me know if I got just one more cupcake my total would be less, so I got one for my husband.I handed her my debit card which happens to be USAA. When she saw it she asked if I had military ID, to which I replied yes, and showed it to her. She gave me a percentage off, which was quite awesome! It's nice for stores to be on the look out to give discounts, even if their customers may not know about them.I received a stamp card and now that I know I can get a discount and had a good experience here I will go back. I'm only docking one star because I thought for some reason the shop itself would be a bit more "cute", but it was kind of plain inside.
4	Very cute store nestled in a strip mall next to a cigar store. I was a little disappointed when we went in at 6:30 pm and found that most of the cupcakes had been sold already but the salesgirl did let us know that if we knew what we wanted, they had more in the back that just needed to be frosted ! They have what looked like a Chinese take-out box for single cupcakes, a clear plastic container for doubles. But if you really want a special cupcake box with the actual compartments for individual cupcakes, you'll have to get the box for six at minimum. They also make full size cakes which look impressive but seem to involve a lot of fondant (blech). The cupcakes are very cute and pretty. They also had some gluten free options which I am told are quite cute. The cupcakes are a bit sweet for my taste but nothing a little expresso doesn't fix.
3	Cute signage, cute cakes, cool-sounding flavors, and polite service. But the product is overpriced and underwhelming. Dropped by and picked up 2 cupcakes today for an even $7 total- Peanutbutter Chocolate and Kir Royale. Also snagged a sample of the lemon berry from a covered dish by the register.But when I got home, my cupcakes were underwhelming. The frosting and glitter on top looked nice, but the cake itself was flavorless (for the PB) and borderline dry (for the KR). They just didn't do it for me, at all. The lemon berry that I sampled was moist and had a nice pop of flavor to it,but was not my kind of cupcake- would not order it in the future.When I'm spending more per cupcake than the bakery itself is on making each batch, I expect quality- didn't get it here.
4	Items Selected:Southern Belle - Red Velvet with Cream Cheese FrostingBugsy - Carrot Cake with Cream Cheese FrostingKir Royale - Raspberry Cake with Champagne FrostingEl Rolo - Rich Chocolate Cake piped with Dulce de Leche with Chocolate GanacheZoolander - Zucchini Cake with pecans, chocolate chips, pineapple and Cream Cheese FrostingSweet & Salty - Caramel Cake with Swirled Cream Cheese Frosting, Caramel, Himalayan Pink SaltFormerly with several locations spread across the valley but recently supplanted on the Strip by Corner Cakes it was a brief meeting that brought me to Lake Meade Boulevard's "The Cupcakery" and with smiling staff serving up several novel interpretations of their eponymous treat it seems unthinkable to me that anyone would eschew such a place in favor of its abhorrent substitute.  Featuring no less than eighteen varieties on my Saturday visit with all selections made in-house of largely organic ingredients, pure butter, and no preservatives each $3.25 creation of owner Pamela Jenkins begins with an impressively moist base featuring light sweetness and a supple crumb before building upward to a variety of frostings, the majority cream cheese, ready to serve the sweet tooth but never to overwhelm - the result a series of balanced bites with subtlety and nuance at the fore,  In many ways overwhelming in options given cakes both traditional and trendy it was with the dainty Kir Royale that my tasting began and progressing light to heavy it was next the appropriately titled "Sweet & Salty" that wowed, the pink crystals a textural masterstroke and veritable palate cleanser to slightly under-spiced carrot cake and the inspired chocolate freckled Zoolander instantly rousing memories of Autumn in Ohio.  Tasting bites throughout the afternoon interspersed with sips of La Colombe's Corsica it was perhaps an effect of my coffee predilections that my final two tastes of The Cupcakery would prove most memorable and as good as the prototypical Red Velvet was in delivering light cocoa beneath aggressive tang it was the seasonal "El Rolo" that stole the spotlight, an Amedei-like smokiness to the dark chocolate proving an ample foil to intensely sweet liquid caramel.
4	This is my favorite cupcake place.  All the flavors I've had so far have been moist and yummy.  The orange dreamsicle and lemon blueberry taste just like the fruit.  The only flavor I would advise on staying away from is the Sweet and Salty caramel.  There's too much pink salt on the frosting.  It's like licking a whole slab of Himalayan pink salt.  Sweet and salty Combos should be more subtle on the salt IMO.
5	These are the best cupcakes in Las Vegas! I want to try every single one. I've determined that the sweet n salty cupcake is my all time favorite cupcake... EVER! The orange Julius is fabulous as well. They are extremely moist and the frosting is the perfect level of sweetness.
5	Best cupcakes I've ever had or ever will have! Love the peanut butter cup! And the mint! Can't wait to try more!
2	I used to love this place. I'm giving 3 stars for various reasons. Nut allergies are a VERY common issue, you should try to cater to these customers so they can have a nice treat with their friends too. The fact that the employee couldn't exactly answer the questions of cross contamination is highly unprofessional. You should know what that level of cross contamination is, if not then obviously you don't know your ingredients. Things can say "processed on equipment that makes peanuts" "may contain traces of nuts" the fact that she couldn't answer to what extent and thought it was FUNNY was not amusing to me. Yes I smiled back because I don't want to deal with something like that but somebodies food allergy is not amusing. All she could tell me, very loudly and with laughter is that "We were sued because someone had a reaction" and that everything is made separately but can possibly somehow have a contamination. And a "good luck with your allergy" and laughing on my way out the door was not professional. I used to even pick up orders to take to California for my friends out there. Now with my new allergy I guess I will be switching to Sprinkles since they at least have 1 item that is completely peanut free and actually seem to care when talking to a customer with an allergy.
5	Great and delicious cupcakes! Got a dozen and half cupcakes last week for my wife's 30th bday in lieu of a cake and I'm glad I did because they were delicious! My favorite was the grasshopper, the rich chocolate and mint is so flavorful and the cake in the cupcake itself was so moist and absolutely heavenly. Needless to say the cupcakes were a smash and not a single one was left over.
1	Of I could give negative star I would. The service is slow and subpar. After the experience I don't even want to taste the cupcakes. What a waste of my perfect $7.
4	I come here occasionally & the flavors I typically I get are Vanilla, Kir Royale, Lemon, & Orange Julius. The prices are on the higher side & some of their flavors are too artificial & have deep food coloring. Besides that, their buttercreams aren't too heavy & the cupcakes themselves are usually good.
5	I came in here asking for cupcakes designed as dogs and cats. That's all I knew I wanted. I needed them for my daughters school. I was asked to come in and talk to them about animal care so I wanted to have a special treat for them afterward.Not only was the staff incredibly nice, they even called a couple times between the time of order and the date of pick up for confirmation and any possible changes I may have had. I really appreciated that.On the day of pick up, I was so surprised! The idea I had in my head was really cute, but what I got from them surpassed all my expectations! They were beautiful and a big hit with the kids. I recommend this place for any special occasion. I wanted to add a picture of the cupcakes, but by the time I remembered to take a picture, the cupcakes were all gone!!
5	Well I wanted to take a picture of these beauties, but my husband ate several before I had a chance!They have an awesome groupon and they give 10% military discount woot!We got mini cupcakes and 2 full size. The mint chocolate chip was so amazing! Really they are all good and better than many other cupcake places in Vegas!
1	I stopped going here after a completely horrible customer service experience. The cupcakes are fun, but the way the manager handled an order mishap left me speechless and searching for alternative cupcake places (there are many).
5	I ALWAYS get the Southern Belle it's their signature cupcake and it's delicious!! Then I'll get another one that I haven't tried yet or a seasonal.. This time I got the Sweet & Salty.. It's different (in a good way).  To me Cupcakery cant go wrong!  Every cupcake I have ever tried is moist and filled with flavor!! Hands down the best cupcakes!
2	These cupcakes were AWFUL! The sweet and salty was so salty all the way thru it was inedible, the frosting on the others cupcakes were like eating a mouthful of shortening so tasteless and thick and the cake in the cupcakes was a few step down from a box cake mix. Soooooo disappointing considering the high reviews others gave.
3	This is my "I've had a crappy day and deserve a treat stop," and since I work in retail, and have to deal with the public, I have crappy days pretty often. I stop by here prob once a month or more and take advantage of the frequent buyer card or any groupons out there. It's a nice treat to take home for the family or my coworkers. Thing is lately when I stop by the pickens are pretty dang slim. They are selling out early on the good stuff and I'm left with orange or lemon flavored cakes Ack! and none of the real jems here like coconut bliss... Or well, pretty much any thing else. Guess they are cutting down on what they make and even though I was just there at 4pm and they close at 8pm .. They literally only had a dozen misc old cupcakes left. Not sure what's up but this isn't the first or even second time this has happened. Sad.
5	First let me say that on average, I dislike cupcakes. Weird, I know. I bake a lot and love the hell out of layered cake (IT'S NOT THE SAME THING), but cupcakes traditionally drive me nuts because I view them as dry fad items with a poor cake-to-icing ratio that doesn't make each bite even and balanced.Back to the story. I stopped by this place for a friend's birthday, and I absolutely love it. The sweet girl working behind the counter was so unbelievably nice. Service was great, and she was very honest about which ones tasted best and why. I got two red velvets (which the recipients absolutely enjoyed) and got the Rolo. While on the sweeter side, this is easily one of the best cupcakes I have ever eaten. The filling was rich and the perfect consistency (which surprised me nicely), and the cake wasn't too sweet to balance it. The chocolate ganache on top was a nice touch. With a glass of milk or a cup of coffee, this would have been perfect. In fact, I was sad when the whole thing was gone. Military discounts here, and the groupon is for the minis. The minis are so itty bitty that I say you should just get the full-sized ones since you'll be wanting a full-sized cupcake after eating a mini. Definitely worth trying. I believe it's $39 for a dozen and $3.50 each. Cupcakes are simple and done very well. A keeper for the cross check!
5	These cupcakes are amazing! My favorite is the lemon berry, although I've tried at least 12 others they offer. They are not overly sweet like most cupcakes, just sweet enough. The frosting/cupcake ratio is very symmetrical, often times I will have cupcakes that is either too much or not enough frosting. As well as, the cupcakes are always moist and the frosting is light and creamy, never hard. I greatly appreciate the assortment and variety The Cupcakery offers. The price is very reasonable for the quality of the cupcake. I am never disappointed whenever I visit The Cupcakery. Best cupcakes in Vegas!!!
4	I would have taken pictures of the cupcakes I bought, but my sister, mom, and I ate them before I got the chance. Not that far of a drive from North Vegas, and their cupcakes are totally worth it. Loved the Lemon Berry and the Julius. Prices are reasonable, and their selection is unique and delicious. Definitely will go back.
5	I absolutely love this place!!!!!! I recommend It to anyone looking to get there cupcake fix on! I recently got my wedding cake done from them and I could not be happier, they went above and beyond for me and it was more then I ever expected!! Everyone is always super nice and welcoming, I don't get where these few bad reviews come from. I suppose we are all entitled to our own opinions. But definitely try it for yourself and you be the judge, you won't be disappointed!!
5	I have a sweet tooth.. Anytime I want a dessert this is my go to since I was a kid! I have recently moved back home after 8 yrs and am thrilled but not surprised this place is still open. The southern bell is my favorite but they are all good! The girls at the front are just as sweet as cupcakes:)
4	Pretty decent cupcakes. Love the variety and the creativity. Minus one star for overzealous frosting, but overall they are some of the best cupcakes I've had.
1	We were celebrating a friends birthday in Vegas and it was my responsibility to order a cake. After looking at several options I opted for The Cupcakery because of their reviews and online pictures. However, when I say I was THOROUGHLY disappointed, I mean I didn't even want to take the cake once delivered. I asked for a cake with the heel on top just like the one they have online. If not that at least something similar and suitable for a 28 year old birthday. What I received was a rush job that showed I every way. The heel was NOTHING like what I requested, the coloring was half done, it was leaning and just an overall mess. For $125 bucks I really expected something amazing but to my disappointment I felt slighted, cheated, and embarrassed. Not only that, but once eating the actual cake, every single person was underwhelmed. It was a 6 inch cake to serve 8 women and there was half of a cake left over. Not to mention that the heel broke in half as soon as we tried to remove it from the cake so that we could cut it. I will never again order from this place. If you've had a good experience, that is great. That's  how it should be. Me on the other hand, will never recommend this place to anyone. Needless to say, after spending $125 bucks the cake did NOT make the Vegas Instagram pics
3	The Kir Royale, The Orange Julius, The Boston Dream... Omg and the Pumpkin Spice...holy moly ...but way way over priced!
1	The cupcakes are average. I got the red velvet and it had a strange taste. The other one I got was dry. The staff were rude as well. I bought 3 cupcakes and if you buy four or something you get a deal so I stepped out of the building then stepped back in because I changed my mind and they made me pay full price for the fourth one. I will never go back.
5	Has been and will be my go-to cupcake place in Vegas.I'm not a HUGE fan of cupcakes in general, but sometimes there are occasions that call for a dessert - and what is better than individualized cakes? I have bought these cupcakes for co-workers birthdays, friends birthdays, gifts, and yes, I've even had a few myself.The selections are always good. Plenty of flavors to choose from. Often there are holiday or seasonal themed cupcakes as well. I also like to cake to frosting ratio here.They have a military discount AND a card you can receive to get punched and get a free cupcake (I recently got my free cupcake!). It is also nice to see they note they do not use any artificial ingredients or frankenfood type things you may find in other baked goods. Definitely will return when I need cupcakes.
5	We met Ricardo Gudino from the Cupcakery at the Bridal Spectacular and were impressed with his personality and the quality of the cakes he let us sample. We had a another wedding cake made that was vegan and gluten free. Not only was it delicious, but he talked to the other baker and the wedding cake design was just like the other wedding cake. We had a great experience with him and would highly recommend him...
4	When we first walked in the store this evening, my family was not acknowledged at all because the girl behind the counter was on the phone. My 2 year old was so excited to get his cupcake, but we had to wait a good five minutes before the girl even asked us what we wanted. I was so close to walking out, but my son REALLY wanted a cupcake, so we stayed and waited.The cupcakes themselves totally redeemed the bad service that we received. We got the Birthday Cake, a Chocolate Peanut Butter, and a Tickle Me Pink cupcake. They were all amazing!! The cake was super moist and the frosting on all of them were so delicious! We just moved from CA and these cupcakes are better than any bakery I've tried from over there.
5	After hearing about this place for so long, we finally thought it would be a good idea to try it. We tried the Lemon Creme and the Zoolander. Both were amazing! They had the perfect cake to frosting ratio.
3	Cupcakes vary depending on the time of day you go in. Sometimes we get extremely dry and feels like stale cupcakes. But there have been other times where the cupcakes were absolutely fresh and amazing.
4	If I was a Paris Hilton girly girl type and was hosting a super sweet 21st birthday party the Kir royale cupcake would be what I served all my guests. I can picture it on it's tiered platter, underneath a crystal chandelier in my pink and white ballon filled ballroom, set next to oodles and oodles of bubbly champagne flutes. Oh yes, this cupcake woke up my imagination!The Kir royal is a raspberry cupcake frosted with champagne frosting and topped with elegant clear crystals. It's a pretty reddish pink cupcake with fluffy white frosting. It's an all around delight to look at and eat.Bummer birthday candles are .50cents each as lots of shops offer them complimentary. A single cupcake take out container is Chinese food box container with metal handle, which is kind of fun.When you enter there is a strong peppermint fragrance which I asked about and was told it  was a fake Peppermint scentsy aroma. The fake scent is overwhelming and throws you off.This shop has lots of innovative flavors. The Cupcakery is worth a stop for cupcake lovers and those looking for a special birthday treat.
