5	Had a great dinner with the family and family friend. Started with the calamari and marinara sauce and the portobello mushrooms with dill dipping sauce both were great. I had a Brooklyn lager to go with my dinner. The salad comes with the pizza and you can order the house salad or upgrade to the Caesar salad for a little extra. Both were great. They serve the pepperonis, olives, and Munster cheese on the side. The garlic bread comes with olive oil with a lot of herbs mixed in. The pizzas are large enough to serve 2-3 people, we tried the clams casino, saprano, and Roma pizza. I also ordered the clams and linguini, which came with what seemed to be half clams in the shell and half liguini which is a good thing. The bread is delicious to dip in the sauce. My son had the artichoke chicken that comes with angel hair pasta, which he liked. We were so stuffed but we managed to try the Nutella cake. We had boxed up the remaining pizza for leftovers. The staff is friendly and accommodating. My 4 year old spilled his milk under the table and they cleared it right up and replaced it. The staff were quick to clear plates as we moved through the appetizers and salads. A definite upgrade from the previous pizza place this used to be, and a definite great alternative and step up from macaroni grill and Olive Garden.
3	Okay so here goes my review as you know I'm trying to find the best Italian food in Las Vegas been several Italian restaurants and montesano's is still the best I've had in Las Vegas the pizza here which was a pepperoni lovers was a good pizza but if you're going to have a pepperoni lovers Pizza put a lot more pepperoni on it the spaghetti meatballs the meatballs were very good good flavor however the marinara sauce was a little too sweet in my opinion the garlic bread was very dry and not very garlicky the house salad had a good flavor to it very simple salad but good all in all not the best Italian food I've ever had but good ambience and very very good service.
5	Came here for dinner with my wife and daughter and was pretty pleased with everything, especially given that I am pretty fussy when it comes to Italian food. The service was more than accommodating and the interior was a real surprise, definitely feeling a little more upscale than most Italian restaurants in strip malls. The bar set up was pretty cool too and good to grab something to eat and watch a game and have a drink. We ordered the calzone, they have family size portions and after splitting this between my wife and myself, we still had a little to take home! It was actually one of the best calzones I have had in a while, had plenty of ingredients and the dough was tasty. My wife's family had owned a pizza restaurant for years and she loved it! Given the food, service, ambience and price, we will definitely be back.
5	Wow !!!  Awesome time at Gabriella's. Great food with great draft beer and wine list.  The service was great.  Usually when a place just opens you will get little hiccups in the service as they work through the kinks, but not here. Excellent job here tonight. Live music was a nice touch too.
2	The lasagna was not to good n meatballs where hard.  Gonna try the pizza next time. ..
5	For a new restaurant this place was amazing...in fact, it was great no matter how I look at it.  Service was top notch and the environment was very tasteful and modern with an outdoor seating area available too.There were three of us and we all ordered entres.  It came with a cheese plate, salad and garlic bread...all of which were delicious.  My lasagna was extremely good, my wife's shrimp pasta was delicious and our friends chicken parmigiana was excellent.  They offered up a nice desert selection, but by the end of the meal we were all way too full to attempt it.By about half way through the meal we were already plotting our return and discussing how thankful we were that a fine new Italian restaurant was now close by in Henderson.
4	Great new Italian place, the pizza was great the Sangria delicious and the service friendly and very attentive. Next time will try other Items on the menu.Looking forward to our next dinning experience.Oh and live the checkered Tablecloths and drip candles.
4	My wife had the chicken parm and I had the Milano. Both dishes were fantastic and portions decent as well. Tried a cheese pizza also; very cheesy and flavorful as far as the cheese, but overall it lacked enough sauce for my taste. Hence 4 stars not five. Great wait staff.
5	Best spot off the strip!! I love Gabriella's!! We've been twice since they opened and I'm excited to bring our friends to our new spot! This place is fantastic and the service is AMAZING!! I've lived in Vegas for over a year and I have NOT received service like I have here!! The first time I came here I was wearing yoga pants and an oversized top bc I just off a long flight... The staff treated me like a QUEEN despite me looking disheveled. Memo, Wesley, Elias, and Kevin all fantastic! I'm planning a becoming a regular customer bc I love this atmosphere, the staff and the food is a AMAZING!!! The Soprano pizza and Calamari is great!! Plus the wine selection is awesome and really good prices. I love that the staff knows how to properly serve wine and their knowledge of the menu and beverages selection.
4	This place has great pizza and is very clean. Service was good except for messing up my order a little. They were very apologetic about it. A little pricey but you pay for the ambience.  Also tried the tiramisu which was very good. Will come back again.
1	Way overpriced. We spent $18.00 on a calzone and there was little to no cheese in it. Ridiculous. It has fine dining prices but the food is marginal at best. Go to Carmine's little Italy for a MUCH better calzone for half the price. a HUGE disappointment.  Will never go back
5	Stopped in for the first time last night. I was greeted by a very friendly staff  very helpful. I ordered some food to go I had the margherita pizza and chicken piccata. The pizza was fabulous the chicken however, was a little over cooked. The portion was great and everything else was awesome.  I really liked the atmosphere and will be back for sure.
4	This newly opened restaurant came to our attention through Yelp and we are glad it did. Great service, delicious food, and large portions helped justify the slightly inflated prices. The draft and bottle list had ~30 different varieties and the wine seemed reasonably priced. Along with your normal expectations for an Italian restaurant (salad and bread with your meal), Gabriella's also included cheese, olive, and pepper plate.  Our entrees were quite large and we were told the desserts are all homemade (we were too full to try them).  This place is worth your time and money.
1	Hated it. Was so close to taking back the food and throw it at them. I was that upset. Waste of $100.. Placing the order amd receiving part was a nice experience. We were really hungry and reading all the great yelp reviews of this place got us REALLY excited. Now the food.... I could've gotten better food.out of a can than this. The minestrone was just awful. It tasted like they used pre-packaged powder seasoning of some sort with absolutely no flavor from the vegetables. Calamari was so chewy like rubber that we had to chew like 1000 times. The pizza? Oh my... we ordered the sonny which is their version of a supreme or a combination I think. The sauce was horrible.. it actually made me spit it back out. We also ordered their $20 "specialty" pasta. All we tasted was alcohol. Either they were trying to cover up something fishy or just really love using EXTRA vodka in their sauce. The house salad that came with the meals, ughh.. how do u mess up on salads??? Also ordered a slice of cheesecake which was waaay too sweet. Although they were nice enough to give us two free cannolis, they were also just bad. Only reason we tried this place was because we were feeling lazy to go pick up at grimaldi's which is our usual spot and they don't deliver. Am I ever going to try this place out again? NO. NEVER. Plus, this place is way over priced. Ughh gross...
5	So flippin good! To start the bar tender recommended the house sangria, fruity and really good. My boyfriend and I weren't super hungry so we got appetizers and dessert. You must try the calamari and zucchini fritters.  For dessert we shared the cannoli, YUMMMM! Defiantly recommend.
5	We really like this place!! The amount of food you get is pretty large, Salad is included in the purchase of the pizza and it is served family style.they also serve pasta dishes that we have not tried yet.  The service was very friendly and I feel our server seemed to really know what was on the menu even though it has only been open a couple weeks when we went in. They deliver which is a bonus because the pizza was really good and they do have a variety of toppings to go on it. I would go here again and recommend other try it out as well! My only complaint would have to be that the outdoor patio lighting is very bright for an evening meal. I hope that they would be allowed by the building management to change that one day. They played great old Italian music inside and I hope they will be able to play the music outdoors someday also. The outdoor patio is adorable but just needs to get the ambiance. Try this place !
4	We tried the Mediterranean pizza, it was delicious! Very nice ingredients, plus a very quick delivery (20 minutes). One pizza was big enough for the two of us (we were very hungry!). The garlic bread that comes with was tasty, but small portions and the salad that also came with it was very fresh, but not anything super creative (romaine, diced tomato, two chunks of likely muenster cheese, and one pepperoncini). Over all, very nice, especially for 18 bucks for the two of us.
5	WOW! Second best pizza I've had in Vegas thus far. The cheese blend on 'The Leaning Tower of Cheeza'; provolone, mozzarella, cheddar and parmesan, was super rich and creamy. I almost went into a cheese coma. We added pepperoni to this pizza, but the cheese was so good, it really didn't need it. I WILL be eating this pizza again very soon. You get a salad to share and garlic bread with every pizza order, so a complete meal for around $20. SCORE!Service was went well above and beyond. Located in a shopping center with a movie theater, they will offer to hold your leftover pizza in their fridge so you can enjoy your movie and come back to pick up your leftovers. I've never heard of a restaurant doing this, and I think it's a phenomenal idea.
3	It is nice to have a new Italian restaurant in the area. This place recently opened and it seems like they haven't quite worked out all of the kinks. Our waiter was very nice but not very knowledgeable. Our chicken entrees were just ok. I found the Chicken Piccatta almost too salty to finish. The garlic bread was excellent and the spumoni gelato was also excellent. We will try this place again for their pizza.
5	This is new and a little expensive but very good. We needed something good in this area also, it will be good to have great food close.
5	This place has the best pizza!!! Love the chicken piccata as well.  I was impressed with the service and establishment. I have tried several pizza places here and have not been impressed until now. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
5	Amazing in every sense.  Food, customer service, ambiance--they have it all.  We picked up pizza tonight for my husband's birthday and it was an all around awesome experience.  They were a bit behind so instead of having my mom just sit in the lobby they gave her a tour of the restaurant.  The pizza was phenomenal (had the five cheese and the white pizza with pancetta) and came with salad and bread.  We had 4 hungry adults and 2 kids and had lots of leftovers so the food goes a long way.  I'm officially moving on from Grimaldis and moving up with Gabriella's.  I just hope it gets the local support such an awesome business deserves!!!
5	After coming to Gaby's on a pretty regular basis since it opened a few months ago I've decided to give it 5 stars and let fellow Yelpers know about it. I hope many of you will stop in since I really want this place to make it. The food is so good. Had the pomodoro tonight. Delicious. Like grandma would have made, if I were Italian! Ce with a big salad and garlic bread. Great ambience. Super employees. Wonderful everyday happy hour from 4-7 in bar. Really good draft beer selection. All crafts, no crap. Wine list needs some more choices in my view, but they have several very drinkable reds and whites by the glass for just $5. $4 during happy hour. Overall I'm thrilled to have Gabriella's in my neighborhood. And I will be back, often.
5	Great place to go. The food and service was excellent!  Will come back during the week to try the happy hour specials. Definitely worth going :)
4	Yum Yum Yum!!!  Service and food were wonderful!! Keep up the good work. We will be back!!!
4	I got the pizza lunch special. It was really good. That have good service and it was very clean and semi-quite. It is a very cute little restaurant with very nice employees. Would definitely recommend.
5	Awesome food! The pizza is the best. Dave Davis (GM) took great care of us. Definitely coming back with family.
5	How could I not love a place that shares my name! My new favorite spot just down the street from out house. I've tried several dishes and everything is delicious. They have a daily happy hour from 4p-7p. $2.50 draft beers, $4 gasses of wine, and $7.95 bar food!
1	Not impressed. When I was seated I saw workers swatting flys in the kitchen. Service was terrible. Food was terrible. I have honestly had better pizza. I was so disappointed when I read all the amazing reviews, then going in the food is in fact terrible.
5	Food is delicious! Huge portions so be prepared to bring home a to go box or split a plate. The salad was good, maybe a little over dressed. Garlic bread was good. Our meals were perfect.  The service was fast and friendly. I liked the simple decor. Very old school italian restaurant.  Loved the piano player. He provided great music for the atmosphere.  We will return here for sure and highly recommend it!
4	Great fresh ingredients, delicious sauce on pizzas, and great brick oven flavor. Crust and mozz are high quality as well. 1st time we ate in and all was perfect, pizza was great and homemade pasta was amazing. Staff is unusually friendly for Las Vegas. Good warm service can be hard to find around here so that's a big plus. 2nd time was pickup, also super friendly service, and only issue was pizza was a little under cooked, somewhat doh-ey, still pretty good though. If they can get the cook time a little more consistent, it would be 5 star.
5	Best pizza to date in Vegas. The Sicilian was unreal! Came with salad for 2 and slices of garlic bread for $18!!!! Are you kidding me?!?!?  Sara L that rated it a 1, pull the stick out and go back to Olive Garden where you belong.
2	Nice atmosphere. The service was attentive and friendly.  Started with the mozzarella sticks with marinara which was excellent.   The bread sticks and house salad were fine.  My husband and i split the chicken piccata was just okay.  The chicken had no sear on it so it looked like a boiled white chicken breast.  It was overwhelmed with garlic and swimming in an overly salty, tangy broth. Angel hair pasta was fine. Our boys ordered a pepperoni pizza which was good.  Not great.  Nothing I would return for, Grimaldi's pizza is much better.  It was not a bad dinner, but it was not good enough to entice me to come back and explore the menu.
5	Really enjoyed this place tonight!  Memo was a wonderful and very attentive server! My friend and i ordered one solo pizza.  Memo brought us salad and garlic bread,  he split the salad for us, which was nice.  The pizza was pretty big and really good! He offered us dessert but we were just too full. Nice ambiance with outdoor seating!  Will definitely be back!
4	Started with the fried mozzarella, good and freshly made, not frozen like some places!Good pizza! Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Also tried their Zuppa soup in a bread bowl, that was really good as well (they make their own sausage!). For dessert we tried the cannolis, not the best I've had, but good. I say give this place a try!
2	I went to this restaurant based solely on the reviews I read here. I was very hesitant because there where a lot of warnings to stay away but I live around the corner and I want small businesses to succeed!Unfortunately, It just wasn't good. The entire process was wrong!Food listed for one price was another, our waitress was horrible...talk about upselling, she kept trying to steer us to the most expensive for everything, we waited FORRREVVVVEEERRR for every item we ordered and forget about the check??? She took 20 minutes to get me back my card, and then told how she likes people to relax with her so she purposely stalls...her words, not mine!The food wasn't horrible but isn't good either! The tomato sauce is SO sweet on the pizza. The white sauce pies were off-putting and the salad dressing the give you with dinner was terrible.I wanted so much to like this place, the manager was so sweet and appeared to really care but unless something changes this place will be a statistic in 6 months!
2	(Actual score: 2.5/5)Food was okay at best, either hit or miss. While I certainly liked the Italian nachos and the garlic bread, I didn't like the chicken parmesan. I thought the spaghetti wasn't that appetizing, and the chicken was a bit overcooked and dry.The only reason why this review doesn't have a higher score is because of the plate-sharing fee. It's not because of the cost of the fee - it was $4 if you wanted to share your plate with someone. I was with a group of friends, and the waiter decided not to tell us about the fee until after we were done with our food. It would be completely understandable except for the fact that the waiter was standing right in front of us when we verbally decided to share food at the beginning of our time there. Future warning for those who come here with more than one other person.
5	The lasagna and the manicotti is amazing. The server Manny was outstanding.  Phenomenal food for a great price. I will be back.
3	The food is good. The bread was burnt. The service was awful. Made a comment about the sun shining through the Window right into our eyes and made a comment about it and was ignored. Had to ask the blond hostess( a true blond may I add) to close the blinds. They did have 1 good server named Dustin. Only with I had him for a server.
2	STAY FAR, FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. I was totally stoked when I read the reviews on yelp prior to going. We went for my husbands 40th birthday. I asked the hostess on the down low if they could do anything for him like sign or cake. She totally miss understood the question and started talking about how they host large parities and cater...total blond. She finally got what I was talking about but it was too late my husband had heard the whole conversation. Surprise blown :(Let's move on to the waiter...nice guy, asked if we wanted drinks. Now on yelp I had ready that they have 80 selections of beer...AWESOME...no, not really. I asked for Mich Ultra and he said they did not have that. I asked for Hein Light, no they don't have that. I said, "What kind of light beer do you have?". He said, "we only have Corona Light. Okay, I can live with that. So what does he bring me...a Coor's Light. WTH?? I feel the waiter was not educated on the beer/wine selections. So we order apps, Calamari & Brochette. Calamari was good but the brochette was nothing but tomatoes and cheese. Not basil, no flavor, nothing. The baggets were burnt to a crisp, so I would not recommend getting that. The family style salad that you get with you entrees in a JOKE!! The size is small, (there were three of us total) and it was noting but lettuce and tomatoes drizzled in olive oil. Would not recommend this at all either.Entrees were good, I ordered the Chicken w/ artichokes but thought it was a little pricy for the two small breast they give you, plus they ask you to not alter the dishes in anyway, so I couldn't substitute veggies for pasta. While eating dinner the sun began blaring in our eyes and the waiter jokenly said, "I hate this time of day." Din't offer to draw the blinds down, nothing. We must have sat with the sun in our eyes for a couple of minutes before I finally got up and asked the hostess to place close them; she reluctantly did it. Overall this was a bad experience from the hostess, to the server and to the food. I know my family and I will not be going back.
5	Thanks Gabriellas for bringing back an old school pizzeria to the neighborhood .Amazing food  friendly staff we had Manolo for the server he was able to accommodate my grandmother with all her food allergies.We shall return for sure thank you guys.
1	Let me start off by saying, i was born in Italy...my whole family is Italian.,...grew up there and moved to America when i was younger.....the only reason i say this is to be able to QUALIFY this review.....basically saying...WE KNOW ITALIAN FOOD, AND HOW IT SHOULD BE!Went here with my fiance...he ordered the meatball sandwich and i got fried calamari and the portobella stick appetizers.....the server was not too bad, he was a little pushy but we can overlook that....when my calamari came, i was a bit turned off by the breading....if you have had real Italian calamari you would know that we use flour, not bread crumbs, on fried calamari...its just how they are made....for a place that claims to be "authentic" Italian...that bothered me...i took a bite, and had to look down to make sure it was calamari i had eaten, and not an eraser! pure rubber! ok, i thought, let me try a few more pieces, maybe that one was bad....NOPE..they were all RUBBER RUBBER RUBBER! hard as hell, and not to mention flavorless....very typical of old, non-fresh, and previously frozen calamari.....when the waiter came over to ask how everything was, i told him that they were pretty rubbery, and did not seem fresh to me....to which he replied "oh thats how they are, they are fresh, its how they are made in italy" haaaaaaahahaha.....i just let his comment go in one ear, smiled, and looked away...i was in no mood to let him know how severely mistaken he was.....when my fiance's meatball dish came out....they screwed it up and brought him the dinner....which was about double the price of the sandwich, that he had REALLY ordered....he was pretty upset because he did not want the whole dinner with the pasta, etc...he just wanted a simple sandwich...regardless, he took a taste....it tasted like tomato sauce from a can...it was very sweet sauce...and he simply did not enjoy it.....when the server came around to check again my fiance let him know that he didnt want the meal, that he had ordered the sandwich instead....the server just said...oh im sorry about that....and walked away....did not offer to make it up to us in any way....needless to say we did not enjoy our meal...for claiming to be an authentic italian place, they should do some research on what Italian food is, and not try to fool us by serving us pre frozen foods...im honestly shocked at how many good reviews this place has gotten...the prices are outrageously high, for not very enjoyable foods....
5	We just went today for a to go order had a beer at the bar nice happy hour 2.50 pints coooool
1	Not homemade.  They buy their bread from walmart.
5	Atmosphere, service and food were excellent! Nice ambiance when you walked in. We were greeted and sat immediately on a Saturday night. The server was attentive and personable. We were checked up on after every course. We ordered the garlic parm wings and the Roma pizza. Both were excellent! Great selection of beers for those who like good beer. Definitely will be back.
1	Like many others, I thought this place would a great addition to the plaza. I was wrong. To begin with, the service was poor. Our waiter was bussing tablesand then serving others without washing his hands. However, we got lucky as thechef(cook) delivered our food as the waiter had disappeared for a few minutes.We could see our order on the rack behind the glass, but the chef(cook) realizedthe waiter wasn't there so he delivered it himself.   OK, on to the food. We ordered a meatball sandwich(11.00) and a child's portion of spaghetti with a meatball(7.00). My gf and I wanted to try what should be signature dishes.The meatballs were ok. However, The bread did not appear homemade. An Italian restaurant should never use packaged rolls. Also, the sauce was verysweet and tasted like it may have been at least partially, from a can. The sauce certainly DID NOT have that "made from scratch" taste and texture.There are some great Italian places close to here that offer MUCH better food.
4	My wife and I made a trial run at Gabriella's  a month or so ago. We found the food absolutely  wonderful. And the service provided by  Manolo to be absolutely first class. Our trial run was to check the place out for a neighborhood party of 14 the following week. After our first visit we were sure our friends would love the place too. We were right; everybody in our party gave rave reviews, both about the food and about our waiter, Manolo .We have been back once again and will plan on making Gabriella's a regular restaurant for usVegasPier
5	The best place who ever writes a bad review about this place doesn't know what they are talking about.  Authentic as they come.  East coast style Italian restaurant.  Makes me feel like I'm back home in Detroit on old Woodward eating out.  Hands down the best in LAS VEGAS.
4	We went for dinner on Sept 22,2014. INSALATE: The house salad was very good consisting  of lettuce,tomato,and onion served in a generous bowl with house dressing. The salad was served with crisp and tasty buttered Italian bread accompanied by a small dish of balsamic vinegar and olive oil flavored with roasted garlic. ANTIPASTI: For an appetizer we shared a serving of lightly coated calamari rolled in flour and parsley flakes and then fried. We considered this calamari dish one of the best we ever had.  I PRIMI: Sausage and cheese lasagna was a generous portion deliciously layered and served with sweet marinara sauce. The lasagna was excellent.Also ordered was spaghetti and  meatballs consisting of spaghetti noddles and the same marinara sauce that was served with the lasagna. The meatballs were served only lukewarm (though the rest of the dish was hot) and were sort of tough not soft enough for our taste, The sauce was good and the noodle were fine. DESSERT: For dessert we shared their Tiramisu which was very heavy - too much mascarpone cheese not balanced. We would not recommend the tiramisu. Our server was Amanda and she provided exceptional service. She was attentive; knew the menu very well and answered all of our questions: checked with us often; and  helped to provide a very enjoyable dining experience.
2	Good service,not great. Lousy food. This is not Italian food,I don't know what it is but it's not Italian. Growing up in Italian/Catholic Brooklyn New York I think I'm familiar with Italian food.My wife had linguini & clams. How do you screw up a simple dish like linguini & clams? They did. First of all,thin spaghetti is not linguini. And adding carmelized onions? Really? Had a really funky taste that was not good & the onions actually made it slimy & should not have been on the plate & made for a horrible combination.Now,my chicken Marsala. The cook needs to put a cork in that bottle of Marsala,it was so overloaded that I couldn't taste anything else. It's really a shame because they have a lot of employees who should start looking for work elsewhere because this place will go the way of Don Antonio's with the slop they're serving. Remember Don Antonio's? Didn't think so.........
4	We had the chicken Alfredo, ravioli, cheese & pepperoni pizza and the mozzarella cheese appetizer. Each meal came with a salad and bread sticks. The portions are generous. Everything we had was delicious. The mozzarella sticks were big and yummy!! Entertainment for tonight was a nice man singing good old fashion music. Service was good, however, I never got the wine list I requested.
5	Wonderful outdoor patio with a very talented guitarist and vocalist performing.  You could think that your on the streets in Europe.  The food is delicious servers are very knowledgeable of how entrees are prepared.  Nice craft beer selection!  Please support this new restaurant in our neighborhood so they can stay around!
5	Family favorite. Great Italian food and atmosphere. Love the music. Try the tomato soup and the zucchini!!! We will be back for sure!!
4	Just to be clear as I start this review, we have never actually gone to Gabriella's for a "meal"...we go for happy hour. My wife and I discovered Voo Doo Stout (as recomended by our bartender Liam who is very knowledgeable about the beer menu and the food menu as well as being the provider of excellent service every time we have been). We get the Italian Stallion sandwhich off the happy hour menu which is the best sandwhich currently known to man; Italian meats and cheese on a great roll all hot and melty. The truffle fries are a perfect compliment.A couple beers each, a sandwhich each for around $30.00, ridiculously great deal. We always sit at the bar and get great service everytime.
5	Good food, great service (Thanks Manny and Dustin!) and fun live music!  This has already become a regular hang for us!
4	we finally got to try this place while at the car show that takes place every wed nite now. Liam at the bar takes good care of you. they have a great happy hour with 24 beers on tap mostly craft pints for 2.50. we had 2 apps that were fairly good including fried portabello, not soggy at all. the pizza was one of the better ones in town now that carmines is closed :(  Garlic bread was tasty along with the dipping sauce. they menu is vast. Bar is set up well. Its a full bar with premium wells also in the HH such as SKY. They also have a desert bar/ gelato area. They also have a steak thats like $40. So its kind of a mixture of a pizzeria with the benefits of a higher end rest. Prices are reasonable. As far as the dining room is concerned they maybe still working out some issues but sitting in the bar area is your best bet. there is no gaming BTW. Which includes no smoking which makes for better dinner atmosphere for me. 2 large TV's on low is perfect. all in all a nice change for the area locals. Come to see the cars and sit outside.
2	Music is great!!   Service a bit lacking    Items don't match what's written in the menu.  Daughter ordered popcorn shrimp but they served 3 big butterflied shrimp instead I ordered meat ravioli but got some pesto mish mosh instead     Decent but not traditional meat ravioli.  Would come back just to have dinner on the patio with live music
5	Great neighborhood eatery. Greeted with a friendly hostess on a busy Friday night. Decided to sit at one of the tables in the bar. The bartender/server was well versed in the menu and gave us some good tips. We had the Mussels Italiano, one word, WOW! We will be back. Large selection of wine, drafts and bottles. We had a couple of Belgium beers that are seldom seen on menus elsewhere. Nice atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable staff, great food! Five stars!
5	We love this place. Hard to find a restaurant that my young boys like going to and enjoy the food. Wife and I are tired of Chili's.  The gelato is fantastic. The Italian Nachos are a must.  Wow! Something on the menu for everyone. Staff is very friendly and fun. Stuffed!
5	We ate here on a quiet Saturday afternoon during an off time, we had the restaurant basically to ourselves which was nice for us. Menu looks good and has several different items we'd like to try. We all tried different calzones and they were all delicious. Also came with garlic fries which was a nice surprise and good. We're definitely looking forward to coming back. We've been looking for a decent local italian place and believe we've found it with this place.
2	We have eaten here for a total of 3 times now (in order to give a fair review).  The first time we ate here for lunch it was so good that we came back the second time.  The second time we came...it was not so good so we gave it a second chance during our 3rd visit.  Unfortunately our 3rd visit will be our last as there is too many inconsistencies.1st visit: We ordered a pizza with pepperoni, onions, and sausage.  It was perfect!  The cheese and crust was cooked to perfection.  It was also served with strips of garlicbread and a side salad for each.  We also ordered the calamari which was good...but nothing special.2nd visit: We ordered a pizza with pepperoni only.  The pizza came out "warm"...the cheese didn't even stretch as we served it.  I don't know about you but We like our pizza piping hot out of the oven...and the waiter this time told us that the restaurant just got a new oven so he would let the new Chef know what our feedback was.3rd visit: We were so hungry that we ordered the Venetian wings and a sausage/mushroom pizza.  We were served a family style salad and a basket of garlic bread.  After about 45 minutes of waiting for our wings, we asked teh waiter to check on it and he told us that the wings take longer because they serve "Colossal wings" and want to make sure it is cooked perfectly.  5 minutes later he arrives at our table with the pizza and the wings.  The wings were NOT and I repeat NOT colossal in size at all.  I was also served barely warm.  The pizza again was not piping hot as the cheese did not stretch.  We really wanted to like this place...but I guess we will have to find another local pizzaria!
1	Filthy!  Even after mentioning dead bugs...never cleaned.  Too many of the same mistakes made on multiple visits.  Visited this new place because it was close to work...went for lunch and it was terrific.  Took some colleagues out to dinner after work a few days later and out of 4 people, 3 orders were wrong, so we all ate at different times.  They gave us a "bread basket"  that had literally slivers of bread,  and just one, per person.  When I say slivers, I'm not exaggerating.  I asked  if we could get more, I was told the first one is free, then we have to pay for it.  When I told the waiter in a semi-joking manner what they gave us didn't even amount to 1 full piece of bread between the 4 of us, his response was " it's not meant to be a meal".  Wow!  Ok...  So, thanks but no thanks, we'll pass on the extra bread.  The bill was wrong, we actually got charged for another bread basket, lol and had drinks on our bill, which none of us had.  The waiter, minus his smart comment was attentive, sometimes too attentive if that's possible.  But I reserved my judgement until after I called the manager and talk to him.  He assured me it was not the standard, to come in again and our dinner would be comped, which I said it wasn't necessary.  He insisted so I said thank you,  and I had no problem trying again.  Visit # 3 came a few weeks later  with my son and husband after taking a movie in next door.  We were sat at a booth, and there was a dead roach on my seat near the window.  Looking down on the window sill near the floor were multiple dead bugs, melted crayons, old food, dust...it was absolutely and unforgivingly filthy.  I had the waiter come over and look, it was obvious he was embarrassed and offered to move us. Yes, thank you.  Same bread slivers, one for each person; 2 out of 3 orders wrong ( on choice of salad dressing and chicken vs steak, go figure).  Again, we all ate at different times, me having to take mine home, because it took so long to fix my order.  The manicotti I ordered was definitely precooked and frozen, as it was cold in the middle and had ground meat in it...WTF?  Can't get it without the ground chicken because they are pre made...not something I would put out there to a customer, lol.  Bill comes, I am charged for Caesar salad with chicken, which I didn't have...the mistake was that I was brought a Caesar salad instead of Italian, (which comes we the meal) and it didn't have the chicken in it even, yet I was charged for it.  Then charged for my meal, which I wound up not eating.  To top it off,  when I asked for the manager I spoke with regarding our last visit and the offer to comp 4 meals ( we only has the three of us and wouldn't be needing the 4th one), the waiter excused himself and came back saying that manager wasn't in, and unless we had something in writing, there was nothing they could do.  Of course, that's how it would go down.  At that point we paid, left, never to return.  And 1 more thing...while it's nice to have an attentive waiter, it gets quite annoying to have someone interrupt a conversation every 5 minutes to ask how everything is...over and over again.  This was 2 weeks ago.
3	Good crust, decent pie. Not the worst I have had. Not the best. My search for the perfect NY pie continues.
5	Best happy hour in town. 24 awesome beers on tap and from 4-7pm they are half off. That's $2.50 for a Kilt Lifter Scotch Ale. Great food, and the bartender Liam always knows how to tempt my pallet with a new beer. I hate microbrews, or at least I thought I did. Liam can expand your boundaries.Live music always, too
4	My wife and several of our friends have eaten here more than 15 times in the last few month in groups of two to twelve people. The food is well above average and the service from the hostess to the waiters and waitresses are great. The owner is a good guy and always willing to listen to you. Liam and Stan are favorites of us behind the bar. If you know a little about beer let Liam expand your knowledge. Happy hour is the best in town. On occasion I've had a small problem with an order but the problem has always been solved on the spot. We'll be long time customers as long as the standards are what they are.
5	Delicious,  homemade food. Live music, you can't go wrong. Well worth the trip. We tried the lasagna and shrimp scampi. Would definitely order again, but look forward to trying other dishes.
5	Fabulous food, lovely decor, great wait staff, live piano music, outdoor seating and yummy gelato...what more can you ask for...recommend the lasagna and shrimp scampi...next time will try sausage & peppers...terrific sauce...
5	Awesome find! Heard from a friend about this little gem. The atmosphere is adorable! Great little bar. Awesome service. The wait staff and management were soooooo nice and attentive. I loved the bread and salad that came with our meals. My sister had the Alfredo, which was different because it was really peppery. I had the pesto, which was very light and yummy. If you're looking or something different than the usual Italian places, give this one a try. Pairing this restaurant with the candy store next door and a movie would be a GREAT date night!
1	We decided to give Gabriellas a second chance. We ordered a basic pizza to go. Got home & discovered the pizza was half over cooked & half undercooked. They can't even get a pizza right. We're done with this dump & we'll stick with Enzo's Pizza.
1	Dirty, dirty, dirty.  Close to work, and was excited about. New place.  Been 3 times(I'm a believer in 2nd and 3rd chances) but order always got screwed up, waiters are overwhelming and continually interrupt while you are eating, complimentary bread is actually slivers if the bread top and they give one per person with no 'refills' (you do have the option to buy more apparently).  But most importantly, the dirtiness of the place is y I won't return. In the booth by the window on the south side, there were dead bugs, old food, melted crayons and other things I couldn't identify which looked like they had been there for months, not to mention the dust. I can handle the occasional mixed up order, the bad service and the constant interruption, but I cannot get past the bug thing. When I brought it to their attention they apologized and said they would take care of it, but on my third visit a week later nothing had been touched. Will not be going back. I gave it a fair shot 3 times. Too bad because most of the food was pretty good.
3	Have been there twice now.  There were issues, but they resolved them  First time they served Stromboli...the bottom was completely burned.  When we told them they replaced, but how did they serve it in the first place?Second issue was we had a coupon for a free desert for each entree.  So we ordered two.  They charged for the second... and I hope they charged double, because 6 bucks for two very small scoops is excessive.  did not say anything because it did not seem worth it.And my final issue is probably completely personal.  They have a man playing piano live.  I found it to be intrusive and annoying.  I could not hear my dinner companion speaking.  I don't want to have to talk over music, if they have to have him playing, they should substantially lower the volume.With all that being written I will go back, because I did enjoy my food.
4	This place was really good! Used yelp to find the nearest italian place to us, and my husband and I were not disappointed. The only reason we have it a 4 stars was because our server had a few issues but she did let us know beforehand that she was new. Other than that it was great food and we would definitely come back again to eat here.
5	My wife and I just had our wedding dinner for 14 guests here Thurs 11-13. I can't say enough about this place. Rick the owner went over everything with us before hand, and helped us plan a fabulous menu. The night of our event went over without a hitch. The food was amazing!! Our guests were blown away. Not many had heard about Gabriella's before, but all said they would definetly be back. The staff (Stanley and Liam) took awesome care of us, and the chef outdid himself. It was the perfect ending to our perfect day. This is the best Italian food you will have... Oh, and the Italian Nachos...to die for!!!! Thanks you guys.
1	The service wasn't even lousy - it was non-existent. After sitting there for 20 minutes waiting for someone, anyone--Hello?-- to greet us, we decided the wait staff was just too busy to bother with us. The food looked great, but not so great when other people are eating it and no one is around to take an order. Busy place but you better know someone if you want to eat there.......
1	Worst meatball sandwich I've ever had. It was warm inside, almost a rock consistency with some sort of spicy spice in it. The worst!!!!! My partner had the shrimp scampi and it was all watered down and the shrimp had no flavor AT ALL. We'll never eat there again!! Save your money & go to Montesano's Italian Restaurant on Eastern by Target. I promise, you'll get a much better meal there. Note: I am not affiliated with Montesano's in any way
3	Great atmosphere and the food was pretty good, but deceiving menu and charges led to a lower rating.Menu states that Pizza comes with family style house salad and garlic bread with the option to upgrade to Caesar salad for 3 dollars more. This translates to two individual salads with a 6 dollar total upgrade charge. I'm not even going into the politics of salad differences.Pizza came out with toppings wrong.It was one of our parties birthday, and the hostess stated that she would get a brownie. Instead they brought out a 9 dollar tiramisu. It was delicious, just not 9 dollars delicious. Especially when we didn't order it.Overall decent food, just be careful about hidden costs.Edit: Talked to manager and he refunded the Tiramisu. Said its not the way they operate.
4	Visited Gabriella's for third time tonight. Chicken Parmesan was delicious.. red sauce not too sweet. Two huge chicken breasts cooked to perfection. Gilbert provided excellent service. When he was attending to other diners, waiters stepped in to fill glasses and bread basket (which is also superb!)
2	hate to do this but carmines is back open. horizon and carnagie. last time we ate here was without liam and not the same. was charged 9.50 for a wells banana bread beer? really? bartender just said "dont kill the messenger" carmines pizza is still the best in henderson
4	The food was amazing!!! I ordered the chicken picatta and I must say the flavor was on point!  Very hard to find an Italian restaurant that knows how to season there food right.  The calamari was OK...next time we'll do the fried mozzarella.  The salad was good but didn't care for the dressing... Not to much taste.  Dessert we had the cheesecake and that was awesome!  Only reason I didn't give the establishment a 5 start was because of the service. I'm sorry but service is horrible! Our server was rude the way the food was presented at the table was not acceptable.  Being from Vegas and being a foodie I was saddened by the service we got but I will give it another chance.  I love the decor and the live music...something we don't get anymore in Vegas: ( . Hopefully the management reads this and does some type of training with their staff on customer service.
5	Manny was very attentive and helpful. The food was amazing and the service was fantastic!! I'll definitely be back! Thank you so much!
5	We at here again tonight. My husband got the linguine and clams and said it was absolutely delicious. I had the lasagna and it was so good. We also started with the Zia's potato and sausage soup, it was so good. Service is also great.
5	It's always been a great time going to Gabriella's. All their food is delicious from the appetizers to the entree's. Their food is homemade everyday from fresh ingredients. We go with friends as it is so nice to have a family restaurant that doesn't feel like Vegas. It's a great place to sit, eat and drink with friends. They even have live entertainers on some nights, a piano player and a Frank Sinatra impersonator make for a nice atmosphere. The patio is great bonus when the weather is nice....We've always had such great food there that we had a Xmas party in their private room. They helped lay out some nice family style dishes and everyone went home stuffed!! It is a nice intimate room just off the main dining room so you can still hear the music in the background and doesn't feel like your off in a dungeon. It is easy for the servers to get in from the back so the service was great. Thanks Elias!!  They have a great happy hour with something like 24 beers on tap and food specials. . It's not a video poker bar so everyone sits around and chats, something that is such a nice change from most Vegas bars. Like I said, it's great to finally have a nice friendly neighborhood restaurant with such good food and service.Keep up the great work Gabriella's !!
5	Great food!! Amazing atmosphere !!! And best of all fantastic service. Ask for Kyle he is wonderful!
5	Awesome first time experience.  Everyone one was friendly and attentive!!  Started with calamari as our appetizer and ordered chicken marsala for entree. It was served with mash potatoes and asparagus.  Delicious!!!  Piano player gives it a nice ambience.  We have already booked a reservation for Valentine's Day!!
