3	Say what you will about Myst, but I still keep coming back. Why? 1reason . 1. The DJs. From all over the globe, DJs come to Myst to play. Where else in Phoenix am I going to see my favorites, like Donald Glaude and Dave Aude? Where else am I going to discover amazing new talent, like Scooter and Lavelle? Where else am I going to be able to walk up to a Snottsdale club and get inside wearing my most comfy dancing shoes? C'mon, Friday nights here are the best reason to get out and dance. The downside? The crowd. Most people, I've noticed, show up for cocktails, cute girls and crazy drunkenness. S'all good, if they were somewhere else except on the dance floor - where I'm trying to get my groove on. Instead, you have to deal with people bumping into you alot and with people who don't know the unspoken rules of dancing - respect thy neighbor's space. So annoying. (As is the crazy smokey mist they shoot off below the DJ booth. Not very good for somebody with asthma, folks.)I don't mind the dancers. I just wish they were some where else in the club so that their groupies wouldn't flock to the dance floor and plant themselves there to stare. That's less space for people like me! Sure,  I may sound like I'm complaining, but I continue to visit Myst b/c of the music, the names they bring in & their lax dress code on Friday. If I have to put up with stupid drunks, so be it. I can usually handle it. I get that the dance floor isn't that big, but sometimes there's plenty of room. Othertimes, we're sardines. It's hit and miss, really. And with their new text marketing, they are bringing in more and more people earlier and earlier, which means if you plan to dance, you got to carve out your spot the moment you walk in the door... The drinks? Oh yeah. They're alright. Not the greatest, not the worst. If you want to shake things up, try a shot of Tuaca. Mmm. I give this place 3 stars only b/c of the typical Scottsdale crowd that's here. They are simply unavoidable, unfortunately.
4	I agree with Alicia.  the club has some downfalls but its the only place to hear world class DJ's in arizona.  I love house music and unfortunately this is one of the few places to hear unadulterated house music without a lil john song thrown in.  Dance floor is small, especially when big DJ's are in town.  There is a lax dress code so the club isn't all that uppity which can be a nice change.  Never been there on any night but a friday. The gogo dancers are easy on the eyes as well.  4 stars for the effort they put out to bring in world class DJ's like Desyn Masiello.  I'd give it 3 for everything else.
3	You probably won't see me here too often, but on occasion, it's a fun place for a girl's night out when I'm ready to hit the dance floor and spend a little extra money on drinks. While the dance club is filled with your typical Scottsdale douchebags, it also houses a gem -- bartender extraordinaire Terry Keel who can be found in the club's white room. Keel is known for handcrafting some of the club's hottest and unique cocktails. He has an eye for detail and will present something that bubbles and/or has a blinking ice cube or rose petals at the bottom of the drink. So if you want to find the Valley's coolest bartender, head to Myst when you're clubbin' it and enjoy a decadent drink.
4	After a bad flight and a rough work week, I needed to have some R & R. I called up a collage buddy and arranged to meet at Myst. Myst, is one of the super clubs I encountered in Arizona last weekend. All I have to say is wow, this place is huge and well put together. They have everything from a kicking dance floor, a cool lounge, pool room with crushed velvet walls, giant patio and a VIP room. You will find a room that fits your style or mood. Los Angeles dreams of having clubs this big or nice. I guess that is one up side to being in a desert, a lot of room to build monolithic night clubs. They also have some of the hottest go-go dancers I have seen form LA to Vegas mixing it up on the stage.  The music also varied from each room, so I could enjoy Hip Hop for a bit before mixing it up in the electronica/trance room. Again the drinks here are comparable to LA prices, $7-12 a drink depending on what you order.The downside, unless your there early you will have to wait in a huge line, pay $10 cover and no parking to be found. Get there by 10:30 to make things smoother.Great place once your inside, highly recommended!
2	Are you stalking me?  Heres a hint: I'm not at Myst.  Ever.The crowd is too young (think ASU's entire Greek scene), too wasted (think puke-your-face-off drunk) and too retarded (think OHMYGOD we SO just got into a club and were only NINTEEN!!).  I freaking hate this clucterfuck.  House music is not my thing, watching underage girls snort coke in the bathroom is not my thing, and fighting through people who are under the false impression that they are cooler than me is not my thing.  They have world-renowned DJs in there every once in a while and a pretty decent chance of celebrity sightings which brings Myst to a whopping 2 stars.
3	This place is the least douche-filled club of the douche tour in downtown Scottsdale. It is a huge club and in some ways it's like an anchor store in a mall - like Dillards or JC Penny. You can get a little bit of everything you want in one place... It's got its share of plastics and douchebags, but also has a number of college kids venturing away from Tempe to go dancing. The place itself is kinda cool with various rooms of different themes and a good sized dance floor. The VIP area upstairs is pretty neat if you can swing the fee. They have the requisite go-go dancers with giant boots on some nights and they often feature good local dj talent.I haven't had to wait in line to go here in years because I'm always invited to go - I reckon if I had to wait in line, I'd just not go. Don't buy a girl a drink - apparently, this place attracts some pretty (when it's dark) homeless alcoholics. These girls need jobs (and not boob jobs - that's already been covered). Myst is large enought that you can go here and manage to find a good time... drinks are a bit pricey, but that's par for the course in the area. It's a one-stop-shop for all your drinking and dancing and scamming needs. You're also very close to a slew of other smaller clubs of the same sort if Myst isn't happening.One of the best parts is that it's across the way from a pizza by the slice place that stays open after hours just to feed the drunk idiots so they can "sober up" for the drive home. Sometimes I go here around 2am sober just to people watch... on any given night, you're likely to see either a fight break out, some drunk chick puke on her hair, or someone crying over something stupid. You also get to see everyone in the harsh fluorescent lights not looking their best - the shine and polish is gone from their outfit and the product in their hair has quit on them and the girls' makeup has given up long ago - plus, they are too drunk to suck in that gut or push out that chest. It's very amusing.Yes - Myst is a good place to go if you want to go clubbing in Scottsdale - send your out-of-town friends here... locals who aren't into the scene will loath it. I pretty much do.
1	There are 3 main reasons I go to clubs: music, drinks, and socializing.All three were terrible at this club. I must've gone to there on its worst night. It was the Saturday, the day AFTER Kaskade spinned. Unfortunately my friend and I, who were visiting from LA, unknowingly showed up thinking there'd be good music with the local DJ anyway. WRONG! I have never heard a worse DJ. His transitions made me cringe. Getting my cavities filled at the dentist would have been a more pleasant experience. The worst part was that he would play 15-30 second segments of hiphop/pop songs. It was pretty much an extremely annoying, terribly long mash-up mix. Looking around on the dancefloor, I felt badly for everyone. As soon as they started getting into the groove of a song, it would change very abruptly. And the beats didn't match a bit. Isn't beat matching the first thing a DJ should learn? I kept wondering when it would end. How could anyone stand such bad music? Surely there were better DJs in the room. Even I could mix better than him. Next, a big club like that ought to have several rooms with different kinds of music. Nope, just that big main room. There's another room near the end with pool tables and a bar. It had a DJ, but it was more loungey and had no space to dance. That DJ was better.. I wish he could've switched places with the other one. It looked like there were a few other areas, upstairs and downstairs, with bars and possibly rooms. I never found out because they were closed off for private parties.The outside area was cool. The club, overall, has attractive decor and nice ambiance. Talking to a random guy, I found out the bad DJ was just filling in for the regular DJ (out sick or something). Usually when a club has bad music, I try to make up for the experience by drinking and socializing. Unfortunately the drinks were weak (I ordered Long Beach and Tokyo iced teas.. didn't even get buzzed off of them. I'm a small girl too!). As for the crowd.. well, there were different types of people. Regulars, college students, yuppies, sleazy guys. Pretty typical for a club like this. It's like AZ's equivalent of 1015 in SF or Avalon in LA. I guess they all have bad days. I certainly didn't expect it to be like that on a Saturday..Oh yeah, at least the go-go dancers were hot.
1	I was at Myst Nightclub in Scottsdale last night to see ATB.  ATB was awesome, but this review is not about ATB - it's about Myst.My friend and I got tickets online for the show, and when we showed up at the door at around 10pm we waited in line to get in.  The doorman let people in just a couple at a time, very slowly.  And when it was finally just us inline, he made us wait several more minutes.  He was about to let us in when he saw us holding our tickets, and then directed us to another entrance.After we were inside the club, we were surprised to see virtually nobody in there.  Why were we made to wait at the door?  Are clubs really still trying this cheesy trick to make the club seem busier and more exclusive?Once inside, we ordered vodka/redbulls.  The flyer for the event said that they were $4 all night; we were charged $10 each.  The bartender denied the special existed.  So we looked on some of the tables, saw the flyers scattered around everywhere - and realized that the flyer said "$4 redbull vodkas all night in Ballroom."  Ah, so we were mistaken and needed to go into the ballroom and order our drinks.For our next round, we went in the ballroom and ordered a new round of redbull/vodkas; we were charged $10 each again.  The bartender told us the flyer was a misprint.  We grabbed one of the flyers from a nearby table and expressed surprise that it could be a misprint and asked to talk to his manager.  He actually had the nerve to grab the flyer from us and attempt to hide it and ignore our request for a manager.  We didn't order any more drinks that night.Honestly, I'm surprised that such a well known club in Scottsdale would display such amateurish and ethically suspect behavior.
2	I don't get this place. First - Chicks don't like to go to a place where girls are being hosed down with water. Why would I want to see a girl in a bikini look like she's showering without soap in front of me? I get that guys are all about this, but no... don't do that. Second - Why the hell would an artist be painting in a night club. I just don't get you Myst!
3	Is this place full of douchebags?  OF COURSE it is, it's Scottsdale.That being said, this place consistently brings world class DJ's (Donald Gladue anyone? DJ Icey... hello?) that you won't find anywhere else in Phoenix and a good deal for $10 before 11pm or whatever it is.  Usually the morons there don't realize the talent that's behind the decks so there is a decent amount of room on the dance floor... plus it never gets old watching people "freak" to dirty breakbeats.  lol.  idiots.Yeah drinks are pricey, but nothing compared to $14-$18 vodka tonics in Los Angeles... plus we're ghetto and usually bring a flask in anyway.  But then again, I'm not there to socialize or drink, I'm there to hear good music.The downstairs lounge area is perfect when you need to chill out and I never have a problem finding a seat.  Even though there are usually "Reserved" place cards on the tables I just assume they're reserved for me and have never been hassled.I wish they had some dope drum'n'bass acts there, but I always wish that of every place and it never comes true.
3	Myst is the only venue within a 100-mile radius that pulls in consistent world class DJs. The music is what you go here for, nothing else. Every club in Scottsdale has their share of drunk, underage sluts and frosted tip dudes. It's part of the territory when you go out amongst a sea of LA wannabes. Myst is no exception. However, these people are highly entertaining to watch!Unfortunately Phx/Scottsdale isn't on par with LA, SF, or NYC for clubs to see electronic music DJs, so you get what you get, and Myst is usually the only option. I'm just thankful I can see Donald Glaude spin for $10...which is ridiculously cheap! The dress code is lax. The club is nicely decorated and spacious. Although the drinks are pricey for AZ standards they're nothing to cry about. The dance floor is on the small side because the go-go-dancing pillars  take up half of it. My main bitch about this place is that the DJ booth is on the second level where only VIPs have access to.  However, I'll continue to go back for one thing...the music.
2	This gigantic club has 8 separate areas including VIP upstairs lounge. Hot half naked girls dancing to club music. This may sound like a great time, but don't be fooled it's going to be really lame. My only excuse for going is a friend would get me in for free.I would actually recommend it, if you are from out of town and have never been to a high end large dance club.
2	It's just okay. It's a fun place to dance but I think sometimes the DJs get a little too carried away with DJing. I would like to hear songs not mash-ups on your Apple laptop. Is that all takes to be a DJ now? An Apple laptop? Anyways, it's not worth the cover and I think there are a lot of better places to take your ten dollars.
1	I cant believe I ever went here, but my girlfriend did the models hair that were doing a fashion show for the ugliest homemade garbage. So I came for support. Anyway, every dude in there looks the same. Low rise seven jeans with a sparkley belt with shirt tucked behind the questionably femenine buckle, sunglasses inside, orange tan, waxed eyebrows, and shaved arms.I spoted the  lone creepy old dude that was obviously on raver drugs, in the middle of the dance floor raving out. Bros and sluts were all freek dancing and being douchy and slutty.A ton of younger chicks with older dudes.Its one of those places were dumb sluts starved for attention come and make out with each other in front of the ed hardy faux buff guys. (faux buff= fat that looks like muscle under a shirt)Whats up with all the faux buff dudes in Scottsdale. You know what Im talking about.I dont know why they would ever charge ten dollars to come here.
2	I went here this past weekend to see DJ Icey who spins breakbeats. First, I have to tell you I was really, really excited to see him as I've never gotten to see him live. His set was amazing, but there were two main complaints. First, the sound system and secondly, the fact that you couldn't see anything he was doing behind the decks. I really wish Myst would PLEASE realize that those of us who come here to see the DJs don't want to see some tripped out screen saver playing a loop on the only TVs where you can see the DJ spin. This isn't a rave in the middle of the desert, although if it was, I guarantee you it would be a lot cooler. Since they elevated the DJ booth to the second floor (mistake #1) they've had to put screens up so you can see the DJ spin. The other times I've been, the screens have had a constant feed of the decks without stupid visuals playing, which has been great. This time though, I couldn't see shit, just screen savers. I don't like to get pissy about stuff like this, but really, I'm kind of annoyed. When you pay $10 or $15 bucks just to get in, and more on drinks, you really expect top quality production and most importantly, to see the DJ! wtf?! There's only two things I care about when I go out to see any DJ...First, that I can somehow see him/her spin,  that's f*in obvious, and secondly, that the sound is decent. For a venue like this, the sound should be banging. Myst gets a big fat FAIL for both. The distortion was really obvious this weekend, and probably more noticeable because everything was so bass heavy. I'd think for a club that pulls such amazing talent, which probably rakes in a decent amount of  $dough$ each weekend, they'd spend a good chunk of their budget on getting the sound system up to snuff. Yet, it seems like they've invested thousands into the seizure-inducing lights but a LOT less in any type of sound upgrades. I mean, can we get mother f*in bass bins up in there? It's not a rock concert venue, we don't need more treble, trust me. In fact, the sound was so distorted, I had to cover my ears at one point because they literally felt like they were bleeding. This is a venue for bass-heavy electronic music, and it's a shame when you can't even hear the full range of the music on a gigantic system. It has such potential to be a great venue, minus the lame crowd, because the space is beautiful. I just don't get it. Really, I don't. Each time I go back I'm more and more disappointed.
1	I went expecting to see a club full of 8s 9s and 10s (female and male) and instead found a club 3/4 full of average-looking Asians. I had no idea there were this many Chinese people in Arizona. It was also a sausage party. I was in and out in 10 minutes. avoid.
2	They bring great DJ's but the club itself just feels awkward.  I feel embarrassed for my town when global DJ's come (i.e. Adam Freeland) and the crowd is lame (which ALWAYS happens).  It's just not the right crowd or place for these DJ's.  I wish they would take the DJ thing and move it over to Bar Smith. I feel like they'd do it right there...
1	Oh boy, furry boots and bottle service. Fake posing unadulterated shite. Heaping mounds of it.Scottsdale deserves the beating it's getting, due to bunk places like this.
1	I have never been in such an amazing property and had such a horrible time, made arrangements one month in advance for a friend of mine booked it with Erin( if she is not fired yet end the conversation as soon as she gets on the phone)for 20 plus 23- 26yr old women.   after waiting out front for 20min Erin cleared the guests to enter, she then attempted to pass off a room that had seating reserved for the guest bartenders guests, being obviously overbooked she then tried to tell me i was obligated to buy 6 bottom shelf bottles (at a price i am too embarrassed to mention, ) and seating for maybe 4,  after about 20 more minutes of yelling back and fourth over the music she tried to have the now 20+ guests escorted out, birthday girl in tears we moved the party back in to another friends table to try and save the night........stay away, lame scene, horrible service, with so many options in old town this is not where u want to find yourself any night of the week.........on top of it the local police have to have at least 3 squad cars parked there all night, clearly the staff has no control over the customers. that is the last thing i want to walk past when i leave the club with my friends.....
4	I actually really loved it here! There was a special DJ here the night I went, and it was a blast. I barely waited in line, and the cover charge was pretty cheap ($10). Drinks were average for Scottsdale, and the bartenders were really quick. For a Saturday, the bartender that was helping me had gotten to me in less than a minute. I didn't go upstairs, but the dance floor was fun, and the place was packed. I loved the outdoor patio, it was perfect when my friend and I were all sweaty from dancing :). It was awesome that there was a seperate bar outside, so you didn't have to squeeze your way back inside. Overall, I liked Myst.
4	(Tourist from LA)I actually really really liked the layout of this club.  Three different dance floors, so basically 3 different bars too.  There is a chill outside area, and this place looks fairly new....as in not run down.  Surprised a club like this is in AZ.Saturday Night: Not crowded, but enough to not be empty or horrible.  But then there was a bday event so not sure if that brought in more people.  People: were nice, except there are some pushy guys, so girls watch out. Diverse Place.  There are Go-Go dancers, about 3 or more.Bar: Bartenders are nice, but seem to really have to wave them down.Drinks: Vodka with red bull is $10!!! =x.  Coolest drink (pretty) to get is like those punch drinks that have a glow stick in it with dry ice so it fogs up --- 3 flavors to choose, Fruit Punch, Apple Martini, Lemon Drop.My friend recommends Apple Martini.  That plus the glow stick is seen better through the light color drinks --- less than $10.Parking: Street, but difficult to find.  There are people with bikes will to give you rides, which is pretty neat for the short walk.Seating: There are service tables and there a free benches all around.  No need to worry about resting your heels.Bathroom: There are at least 2 different bathrooms.  Not bad or horrible.  Actually clean with a service person.DJ: Were pretty good or decent.  I wasn't expecting much, so I'm pretty happy with the music played in two of the rooms.
3	I went here again. Apparently I'm into torturing myself. The reason for going was to see a DJ I hadn't seen in years, and was super excited to see. Surprisingly the sound was much better, probably the best I've heard ever. Still not enough bass but at least the highs weren't out of control and screeching. Ok Myst, you win. I guess I'll go back to you on the rare occasion. :)
2	Glad I'm not the only one who could care less about coming back to Myst.  Very typical club, with pretty hideous music on a Friday night (the hip hop in the smaller room was ok once he started playing some fun classics that I could actually dance to).  Whatever noise was playing in the main room was ridiculous... everyone there was probably just so out of it that they didn't notice that the dj was just spinning s*** on vinyl.  No intentions of returning, but it was fun dancing for a bit to some oldie hip hop.
1	Went to Myst once, with just my girlfriend and a couple other people.  All I know is that I will definitely NOT go there again.  Not only is the crowd full of ghetto guys, or whore-ish chicks, they ALL seem to be in dire need of sex.  I don't know what it is, but that club is like a giant cess pool.  The music is just that new garbage on the radio, the kind that makes me wonder what kind of people could even dance to, but once in awhile the DJ would play some nice old rap that I could jam to.The staff disgusts me.  RUDE is a perfect word to describe them.  For some odd reason they have this attitude like, oh I work here, and I'm the shit.  Really just wanna say, Hah you work here, and sadly, that's probably the best you'll ever be able to do.Will never go there again, cover charge was 15 bucks and definitely not worth it.  So bad, I'll actually say, I'd rather go to the Buzz!
1	lousy place. horrid music. not a single song had words. just some loud niose and at times the niose was so loud that my heart started punding and i just went out lest i get a heart failure. Losy place and to top it all its overpriced at 20 dollars entrance!!
3	Not a fan of the club scene in general - being that I hate lines, don't dance unless at gunpoint, avoid cover charges, don't care for standing shoulder to shoulder all night wishing I could sit down, or fighting to get overpriced cocktails.However this trip to MYST was much different. We had a large group and a private table. Easy to get in, drinks were flowing (though a little pricey), music was good (ATB), and overall I had a really good time.My only real complaint was the "gang" of dirt bag bouncer/doormen that "greet" you on the way in. They are not good for business... (I do understand bouncers are necessary, just save the attitude for the drunken douches that require you to be there in the first place)Did I dance? No comment...
1	This place is great, if you're into over-priced drinks, date-rape, and the smell of Preparation H.
1	I love dancing! It's been a while since I've gone out and where I've been out in Arizona. My friend and I planned our annual Scottsdale dance night and this year the best night for us ended up on Wednesday. I could tell it had been a LONG time since I've done the club scene since most of my old stomping ground was either permanently closed, getting remodeled, or just closed on "hump day." Myst was the only club open in the Old Town Scottsdale area. When we got there, they told us that it was 18 and up on Wednesday nights and that people don't really show up until 11:30pm. It's also a $10 cover. Also, if you check your coat it's an additional $5. The 21 and older crowd can go upstairs and get drinks. The dance floor is a pretty good size; however,  the music wasn't the best and seemed like the same thing over and over. I like current songs that you can occasionally sing along to and I think there was maybe one by Beyonce. The crowd was young and many were all over each other. It made me embarrassed for some of the women there and then disappointed in the men for trying to handle women inappropriately. It is unusual for me to leave a club early and to not dance, but this was just not a good vibe or crowd. Whatever happened to dress nicely? Many of the guys just showed up in jeans and a flannel shirt. Seriously. The club looked warn and not kept up (e.g., holes in walls, could use a new paint job in the bathrooms, and not all the lights were on). Dancing is fun, but not for me at Myst. Maybe it's the economy, but Myst has seen its better days and it's going to take a lot to get back to that.
4	02.06.10Leave it to SF girls to want to find a place to dance our butts off in AZ.  Good thing our friends came equipped with places to take us.  Myst!$40 cover for the whole group - maybe we had four guys and a whole bunch of girls?  I lost count after x drinks.Myst is large, with multi levels and an outside area.  It's decorated nicely and has a fully stocked bar.  The music was top 40s, but no one seemed to care too much as the alcohol kept flowing.All I remembered was having a great time.
1	If you're Asian with the sudden urge to see a fellow Asiaman to feel a sense of belonging in the lonely state of Arizona, go to Myst. Weren't much, but this is where we saw the most Asians in one place throughout our trip.If you're tired of wallflowers and want to experience something called floorflowers, go to Myst. Apparently, the thing for guys to do here is to stand in the middle of the dance floor and gawk at girls. Hello! Please do not stand right in front of us and stare. We can see you. Not slick at all!If you're patient and don't mind being hollered by the same guy whom you declined more than once, go to Myst. They got some persistent fellows here.Thank goodness for no line, no cover & awesome DJ who threw in some house and old school songs into the mix.
2	Ugh.. Myst is basically just Myst.It's really nice inside, especially on the ballroom side, however this place is douche wannabe central. Half of the guys here look like they rolled up alone and give off uber creepy vibe. The main dance floor was okay, the big bird feather boots worn by the go go dancer killed it a bit. Drinks were pricey. I got a few bought for me so it didn't hurt as bad but still, not worth it.We had VIP so at least we had a place to sit and hang out. I was surprised that it was not even remotely packed. It was definitely a sausage fest. I don't really like Scottsdale clubs much, so by saying that this is your typical Scottsdale club. Nothing special and I would not go back..
4	Show up early 10:30pmThe lay out is really nice. You want to see diverse come to Chicago you have African American,Latino, Asian all in one . Let just say that most girls here take care of themselves at Myst (hot girls most defi ). The bar is well stocked. Better bring your attitude dude:)I was here when the place had another name.They have a patio that I really like alot. I don't no if they still have ladies night on Thursday. Always look at club website before going anywhere. They have VIP upstairs were some sports celebrities hang out. Just be careful with your credit card here. Sometimes the bartenders like to play games they will charge you $90 dollars worth of drinks on your card if you look drunk to them. It happen to one of my friends good thing we worked at same bank and disputed the charge.Only complaint is the bouncers to many of them at the front door.The girls love to dance here and the guys love to gawk and stand around.This place gets packed too but later on in the night.
4	I actually like myst a lot, I like that there is a mix of different kinds of music and that it isn't so crowded you can't even move (like most of the other clubs in scottsdale (cough*american junkie*cough). It is a big place with multiple levels and always a pretty good crowd of people, not an overload of douchey guys like axis and pcl.This is usually the spot we head to first on a night out in Scottsdale, awesome DJs (ATB), and the bar tenders are usually pretty quick at getting your order, i especially like that once in a while they have 18+ nights so that my friends that aren't 21 yet can come out once in a while. All around a pretty cool place to dance the night away.
3	Last night (Friday night) was the first time I had been back to Myst in years. The club is nice, but the promoter for Friday nights is urban... and not classy urban... like kinda hood urban.... BUT I must say that it's a fairly mixed crowd. Black... White... Hispanic... I was surprised to see all different types of hood folks out. Now, this usually wouldn't have been my crowd of choice, but my girlfriend and I were feeling adventurous. Long story short, the bartender was awesome and the wait for drinks wasn't too bad. They averaged about $10/cocktail. The cover was $15 and $35 for VIP (which allows you access to upstairs... not worth it. It's a recession and the dance floor is downstairs...) I'm not sure who the DJ was but he was really good. It was like all the best of Gucci Mane and all that Southern type club music... very good stuff. I gave a rating of 3 stars b/c while this isn't a place many of my friends would want to go to in the future on this particular night, it was a decent night IF this is the crowd you're looking for. Hey folks... I don't judge lol...
4	Oh boy, did I get my dance on or what?! I was sore the next day. Good stuff. Good stuff!People complaining about the crowd or drinks or what all just need to let it go. Who cares?! You're there to have fun. So have fun! Get drunk somewhere else & stumble here if drinks cost so much. Jeez.There is NO free ladies night on Thur. Uncool :( I'd heard there was. And yes, I'm thinking of Myst, not Axis Retardius.. oops Radius.There IS a coat check. It's $521+ is upstairs. You get a black light stamp on your wrist. It's kind of strange being drunk on the dance floor surrounded by 18 & 19 year olds that are stone cold sober.I didn't even care what people looked like around me anymore. Although, it is kind of hard not to stare at some girl's ass almost hanging out of her dress when it rides up because she's grinding up on someone.The place gets packed. Is there something wrong with that? No!Yeah, sometimes guys just stand around. Whatever... You're there for you, not the loser dude that doesn't know how to move. Maybe he's just struck dumb by your beauty & forgot how to do anything.There's hookah out on the patio.I never waited in line for the restroom.There was a go-go type girl in a bikini shaking her stuff eventually.The music is a good mix. Hey, I kind of like Lady Gaga.I'd definitely come back here. But only after I drink somewhere close by ;)
3	This is definitely a clubbers club.  Music bumpin' and people getting down on the floor - literally almost (wink)  They have great special events (thanks Phillip!) - way to bring the techno loving peeps together!  Glow sticks, blacklighting, and even my pimp cup was glow in the dark :)  Painted models and Go Go dancers is always a plus.  One more shot please and make it sweet! :)  However, this place wasn't what it used to be.  I remember seeing lines of people including me waiting just to walk across the street :( Hopefully things start to change - enjoy!
1	Bad.They made us sign our names and compared it with their drivers license,and took pictures of us with a digital camera.Accused us of a false ID. One of us got turned away because of an out of state drivers license.One of our guys got turned away because one of us wasn't wearing dress shoes, but wearing Lacoste fancy looking tennis shoes.Air is rotten.Dancers aren't as good looking or skilled as other clubs.the crowd is meh.By far the crappiest club I have ever experienced.
1	I used to love this place, last year...the year before. It sucks now!!!! I've tried time and time again THIS year, to give them a chance! Their drink pricing is almost double! The cover charge was $15 per person! We should have left after hearing that, but I was like, well maybe it will be worth it. They played good dance music for about 30min and then DJ played NOTHING but techno!!! No!!!! NEVER AGAIN COMING BACK MYST.
2	This place used to be so much better.Maybe thats why I was disappointed.Expensive drinks, insane drink refill wait timeand .... do i need to add anything else
2	I went on a Friday night and boy it was the wrong crowd and music, for me that is. Basically it was hard core hip hop and rap... Maybe another night... However, the place was really nice, pretty roomy and good bar areas. It's two levels.I didn't stay long, maybe 5 minutes and left. I do have to say Scottsdale Arizona clubs are pretty close to one another.
1	Blerg.I went here for the Ignite After Hours event (GREAT EVENT, bad location). I don't like clubs first of all and i DON'T like egotistical bar tenders who think they can treat you like an idiot. I had 3 drinks at Myst (the same drink) and got charged a different price by each bar tender. The first drink was $5, then the second was $6 and the last guy was the winner for douch-tarded-ness. He told me my drink was $7, but when I got the tab he ran my card for $8. WTF??? So no tip for you...Plus they are all sort of jerky...I'm not into that. You are in the customer service industry, so attempt to be nice. The first bartender I encountered was pleasant, but he disappeared after I ordered my drink. The other two thought they were God's gift and that was the end of that.Boo you Myst, I will only come back if Ignite After Hours is there again, but not on my own accord.
1	Three words: too many Asians.
3	Myst my old love it was good to see you again.  Thank you for bringing Axwell to AZ it was an amazing show.  *Line was ridiculous and I had a hard ticket to event in hand and waited for over an hour to get in.  *Terry in the white room makes amazing AMF's they will get you well done very quick.*Sound was good and DJ rocked itOverall had a fun night despite the disorganized entrance maybe next time will call and hard tickets will be seperate lines.  Also why was the general admission line moving faster?????Overall I like Myst when they bring DJ's I like but the past few years it hardly happens mostly just hip hop nights.  It has a good sound system and good sized dance floor.  Drinks are normal club prices so don't expect to get great deals on drinks it's not a dive bar.
3	Came here last Saturday to see what it was all about but I really wish I had come on Friday instead.. The crowd was a little strange and consisted of mostly older people.. They played a mix of top 40s and hip hop whereas on Friday nights it's mainly hip hop.. The drinks run about $7-10 a piece and the bartender that helped me was very friendly! She even offered my friend and I a free shot.. The music wasn't very consistent so there weren't too many people on the dancefloor unless it was a hip hop song playing, so I spent most of my time sitting in their outdoor patio.. I love the decor and the ambiance but I really wasn't feelin the scene on Saturday.. I'm gonna have to return sometime on a Friday night to see how that goes..
2	this review is for the BAR not the nightclub. I purchased two drinks worth $10 each, and i gave 3 dollar tip. I awake the next morning to see text messages from my bank saying i was low in funds and near overdrawing. I was confused because I had ample funds the previous day. I check my statement and see my account has been charged $100 by the idiot bartenders trying to slick out ppls hard earned money... so basically, word of advice is bring cash, and check your accounts the next day because these fools have nothing better to do than to rip folksk off.. FAIL
1	After partying a little bit here & there in the 'valley' & checking out the different scenes don't ask me to party in Scottsdale unless there's a serious show. With that being said, considering the square ally location with bars & clubs being within walking distance you would figure there would be parking in this suburban location. Helllll to the no!! There's a reason why they need a patroler in the parking garage & have valet parking spots opening only around the times when there is absolutely NO street parking to be found. I kid you not-Ive never even had parking issues like that in San Francisco!! I found it like being in a different country with the little transportation carts reminiscent of when I rode a jeepney for transportation in the Philippines. Its like its own little town...Word of advice for you rolling with some fellas: bouncers here will hate on other fellas & will straight up tell you if you're not 'adhering' to Mysts ridiculous dress code. Meaning if you're a guy & you're not rocking your most lit-up bejeweled corny T-shirt look-it aint dress code. I figured that when they told my cousin to roll his camo pants down & gave him the stink eye- STRIKE 1. So while cutting the line a GirL Gone wiLd flashed a bouncer (classy!) & there is a minimal dress code requirement for the ladies. i mean...it wasn't even the pretentious high stylistic fashon either :/ Wait..is this considered 'upscale???'-STRIKE 2.Now the *SIGH* moment came when I saw this place had Go-go dancers. I swear i was in bopper  central. (Pardon me, I must be outgrowing shit.) STRIKE 3.Take note that this venue gets packed & between the smoke & strobe lights in the air there is no  breathing room till you step into the outdoor space into the 100 degree temperature (ohhh the first world pains, I know, I know.) I guess the people are used to it out here...but now I know better. MEHHHH...With the most overpriced liquor in the valley, predominantly the made-for-club raps & dirty souf music...its just..not...my vibe.Fore warning-bring cash or you'll end up with a buzz AND a headache if you didn't know they hold $100 MINIMUM on any cards. Dun dun dunnnn. OUT!
3	A friend from out of town visited and we decided to head down to Old Town and bar-hop.  We walked by this joint on the way to Revolver and decided to stop by afterward.We were easily the oldest people in the building.  When we walked up to the bouncer, he said...."oh look, a couple of businessmen"....ha ha!  He didn't even card us!  We walked around for a little while and determined we were WAYYY out of our element.  The music was ok....dance mixed with a little Hip Hop....but the crowd was too young.If I was 10 yrs younger, I'd consider coming back.Return Factor - 5%
4	I got here one night just a few minutes after it opened and I was pleasantly surprised at the ratio! I think it was like 6 girls for every guy! The girls seemed a little stuck up (maybe I needed a wingman?) The drink I ordered was a little weak but it wasn't that bad. I didn't stay long because I went to check out Axis-Radius (a club a block away owned by the same people) since it was my only night out in Scottsdale, and I was heading to Vegas the next day.
1	Um NO.. just no.
1	horrible sound system, no
2	I went here last night. It was alright. Just a bunch of guys standing around, but pretty much a typical club I suppose. It was a little dirty. The music was good. The way security was outside you would have thought this was a classy establishment, well well well, it was not. I think all the security was for all the black people that was there. But thats always the case when there is a crowd of black folks. I didn't expect it to be any better than it was. This place met my expectations and my expectation were low. I didn't have to pay to get in so I saw that as an upside. I would not call this club classy at all especially on a Friday night. Just come in some jeans, maybe heels or if you want to be really comfy come in flats, a nice blouse or shirt. No need to come all gussied up ..lol....I give this place a thumbs down in a half. I give half thumbs up for the music, because it was good to hear some up-to-date rap/hip hop music. I find that phoenix has the worse radio stations ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Wow, how is this place still in business?  Where to start...there was a small line outside of this place, and the bouncers were taking forever to let small groups of people in, acting like the place was crowed.  So we wait, pay the ridiculous cover charges - both men and women - and walk into a dead, empty club!  No one was dancing, the place was empty - more people were on the smoking patio texting than in the actual club.  Why the hell are they trying to keep people out of here?Well, we head to the bar - insanely overpriced, weak drinks.  10 dollars for a cup of rockstar (Asked for redbull, he substituted without letting us know.  Fine if it's busy but the bar was empty.) with a splash of vodka?  Pathetic, even by Scottsdale standards.  Also, was charged an additional fee just for paying by card - not because I didn't meet a tab minimum, but just because I didn't pay cash!  Moving on, the music was unbearable, because their "DJ" felt the need to keep singing along with the music over the mike.  Poorly.  I can only listen to a guy scream "yeah" so many times before I want to gouge my ears with plastic straws.Obviously, this place is in desperate need of cash, and trying to squeeze every last penny out of the people unfortunate enough to walk in here.  The illusion of exclusivity isn't fooling anyone - this place is a penny-pinching joke. My small group would like our wasted 75 dollars of cover fees back, or everyone we know will hear nothing but bad news about this place.(edit) Who called it? lol.
1	Rude staff, spoke to Chris, who runs their Facebook page and will never go here again!
