1	This is a really, really bad Mexican restaurant.  Forget the minor ten minute delay getting seated during a weekday afternoon.  Just remember the 45 minute wait for entrees after ordering them.  But it's a bar!  Drink up!  Well, maybe not.  My "plain" Margarita had ORANGE JUICE in it, lots of large ice cubes and no tequila to speak of.  At least they couldn't skimp on my husband's trio of tequilas.  The chips were tasty as were the three salsas.  Good thing, as when we FINALLY got our entrees, my Chicken Mole consisted of some dry, dry chicken over sticky white rice and a dark chocolate sauce.  The sauce was good, but I really needed some better rice and some tortillas.  My husband's trio plate (fish taco, cheese enchilada, beef tamale) was OK and did have a very nice Spanish rice and good beans.  The man at the next table got chicken mole and his plate had beans!  I guess I should wonder about a restaurant where the waitress starts out our order by telling us NOT to order the soup, "Everyone sends it back."  Find another restaurant where there actually have enough wait and cooking staff.  This place is hopeless.
4	Hmm... I'm the second to review Mi Casa. Judging by the previous review date I am assuming there is currently a new kitchen staff, or I showed up on a good night. I had read about the Mexican restaurant @ Silverton Casino with the day of the dead dcor. The lady and I are suckers for all things Day of the dead. Plus the aforementioned review (Vegas Nightlife, I think?)  Was a positive one.  We started off with a pitcher of Margarita, the 1800 Blues- 30$ and we were fuzzy whence we got to the bottom of the pitcher. The Queso Fundido Appetizer was nice. I'm not an expert but smart money says not exactly authentic but tasty as hell. Main course we both had the Fajitas. I had the mixed grill, Steak & Chicken they were full flavored and the chicken was especially piquant in its marinade. The lady had the Baja Skrimp variety and they had a nice flava as well.  Not authentic, Not day of the dead enough... but well worth it. We will be back.
2	Beautiful room, but hit and miss on the food. Great selection of specialty margaritas, but most of them were too sweet.  The calamari was good, the taquitos too, but the tortilla soup was not good, and the corn cakes were even worst.  The chicken empanadas were marginal.  We had a very sweet waitress. Very good at her job.  Overall, will not go back
3	This restaurant is very upscale in terms of menu and dcor.  We started off with a matched set of margaritas, the usual chips and salsa, and mini empanadas with roasted ancho chicken in white corn pouches accompanied by a spicy sauce.  I ordered the shrimp Belize  (6 shrimp with caramelized onions, peppers, avocado and lime) while My wife chose the margarita scallops (5 pan fried scallops finished in tequila, mango and mint salsa). Our dishes included the obligatory refried beans and rice.  We concluded the meal with bread pudding and a Kahluha flan.  The bread pudding was was too heavy, but  everything was pretty good though pricey.
2	The food we had was decent but the prices are high and the service is very very slow.I have to wonder if they're understaffed and if they're a union house because the people here were unenthusiatic about their jobs. The room is beautiful as one other reviewer mentions but I would sooner go to El Jefe's for this kind of Mexican food than come back here.Thank god we had a gift card. I would have been really upset if I had to pay full price.
2	Having dinner out on a Thursday evening, it was slow over at Mi Casa Grill Cantina.  The hostess almost  took us all around before seating us in the corner of  this huge dining area that was nicely decorated and had a lot of promise.  We were seated in front of a giant screen TV showing Thursday night football.After our beverage orders were taken, chips and three salsas arrived at our table.  There was one limed based tamarind sauce that the BF was practically drinking, while I had an affinity to the spicy red pepper color one.  We were very impressed already and couldn't wait for our orders!After deciding on the manaza $7 (apple rum, lime juice, and mint) for myself and the caprinha $8 for the BF, we realized our waiter was very new - at his job and at this restaurant.  It humored us nonetheless as he had trouble understanding and pronouncing our drink orders.  (The BF's caprinha was a bit too strong for his liking and my manzana was pretty much an apple mojito.  It was a lot tastier than his drink, that's for sure!)  We decided to ask for his recommendation on food items since they had an extensive list.  He gave us some ideas on whether to order tapas or go straight for the main courses or do the mix and match.  We decided to try out a bunch of different things by going for the Appetizer Sampler ($17) and the Mix and Match entrees of three items ($17).  We had the waiter bring out all the food together so we can enjoy it all at the same time.The food was rather quick to come and just as well since we had already finished off a basket of chips.The appetizer sampler came with two corn cakes that were sauced up and topped with guacamole.  The BF thought the cakes were pretty decent.   Two chicken(?) flauntas also came with the sampler.  I found it to be dried out and tasteless.  The adobo seasoned deep fried calamari was left in the oil too long, and the BF couldn't taste any of the seasonings.  These items were laid out on a bed of coleslaw and came with three dipping sauces - a dill based cream sauce, a chipotle sauce, and the lime-based tamarind sauce from earlier.  There was also a cup of queso fundido, which is melted cheese that you're supposed to dip your tortilla chips in.  However, once the cheese starts hardening up, it becomes one big goopey mess that's pretty challenging to eat with chips.Of the Mix and Match entree, we got one shrimp, lobster, and crab enchilada that wasn't to my liking.  The BF was appalled when he saw and tasted what appeared to be imitation crab meat.  Blah on that!  There was one soft flour tortilla (or you can choose the hard corn tortilla instead) holding what would be our carne asada taco.   It was alright.  Hiding behind that taco was one tiny ass what they call a burrito filled with dried carnitas.  The burrito was small enough to fit into the palm of my hand.  (Was this a kid size?)  Half of the plate was covered with rice and beans.When it came down to it, I found myself eating more chips and salsa than the actual food we ordered.  That's a bad sign.  The only leftovers we took were the cheese (so we could remelt it), the tortilla chips, and that lime tamarind sauce. Service was fine.  It took awhile to get our orders in, but the food came out rather quickly.  Our waiter was nice and friendly, so no problems there.  I'm glad that we had a gift certificate too like Allison J. because it's definitely not worth the price they are charging!   Sidenote: They offer a weekday happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm with $2 chips and guacamole, $3 nachos, $2 flauntas, $3 calamari, $1 margaritas, and $1 tequila shots.
2	Two co-workers and I stopped for lunch after hitting Bass Pro. We weren't expecting much, but the decor wasn't bad overall, and the chips and salsa were quite good.All three of our meals looked pretty tasty, but were all but flavorless. I bit into an inch-long rib bone in my chicken enchiladas. Not a great experience. Service wasn't bad, but I think there was one other table in the place.
4	We decided to take a break from dim sum and try something new for a Saturday morning. We decided to head out to the Silverton Hotel and Casino (http://staging.silvertoncasino.com/categories/) and try some Mexican food. Mi Casa Grill Cantina was the place to be. We got there right when it opened so there wasnt a line. Like any other good Mexican place, we got some hot crispy tortilla chips with three different kinds of salsa right when we sat down. Nice touch. We ordered the Chicken Tortilla Soup, Beef Nachos, and Chicken Flautas. Each dish is about $8 and the food is pretty good. The only thing that disappoints, is afterwards while we were walking through the casino, a worker handed us a flier for 50% off a meal at any Silverton restaurant... Which we could of used at Mi Casa. DANG IT!
4	AWESOME margaritas!  One and only one knocks you out!  The food was decent but the margaritas were the best.  We were there for New Year's Eve dinner and the service was great, they were not busy and the server brought us New Year's hats and horns.  Can't wait to return again to get our drank on...
3	I play a lot at the Silverton, but usually late at night. That means I'm intimately familiar with the coffee shop, but haven't spent much time in their other restaurants. I've been to the buffet a few times, along with the new Twin Creeks, but hadn't had the chance to make it to Mi Casa until last week. I had a $30 comp that was expiring soon, so I figured I'd stop after work, and have a steak at Twin Creeks. Well, I totally forgot that they are dark Mondays. I had been eying the chicken mole at Mi Casa for a while, wondering how it would stack up to my precious Papalote, so I figured what the hell, let's give it a run.The *extremely hot* hostess sat me at a semi-booth near the front of the restaurant, but I felt that I was still very comfortably isolated from the casino. They have a nice entryway set up with a lot of big plants that do a pretty admirable job of not making it seem like you're not 15 feet away from the casino floor (but it's still there if you look). Decor was pretty nice, and in my opinion, classier than similarly priced mexican places. My waitress, who reminded me of a less-cordial version of Lurch, eventually dropped off the oft-mentioned tortilla chips & salsa and took my order, which consisted of beef flautas ($7-8) (sp?) and the chicken mole ($18). Chips & salsa turned out to be good, and I ate them throughout the meal - even desert. The flautas came out, but I quickly deduced that they were chicken, and not beef. I tried for a while to get Lurch's attention so that I could send them back, but when the futility of that became evident, I just decided to eat them anyway. They weren't bad, but definitely seemed on par to something I could pick up in the freezer aisle. After that, the very nice serving girl brought out the chicken mole. It seemed like a nice presentation, but ultimately the dish turned out to be just "alright". The chicken was cut into slices, and was OK at best, quality wise. The mole was not very chocolaty, and the cheese was very sparingly applied. As I was eating though, I did notice that the dishes were very cool, so a plus for that, I guess. Post-mole, Lurch came by and gave a cursory ask if I wanted desert, and seemed surprised when I took her up on it. I ended up with the fried ice cream ($6?), which was passable.Overall, had I been paying cash for this meal, I would've thought it was a bit overpriced. That's not to say that it was expensive, but I'm just not sure if I would've been happy paying for what I received. I saw nothing to explain why the mole was so expensive, and the appetizer portion was not very large. High points include the chips, the plates, and the frequent, but mysterious trips the hostess made past my table. Food was decent. This review seems more negative now than I believe I felt when I was eating the meal, so it could just be that the food quality was overshadowed by the lack of server quality I experienced. I would go back again, but only because I pay for my food at the craps table and not the dinner table. 2.5 stars, rounded up for the hostess.
5	Our group went for lunch on a Friday (Note: They are open for lunch only on Fri, Sat & Sun). The service was excellent and the food was delicious. The portions were large, and on top of the chips and salsa, I don't think you will go away hungry or disappointed.
2	First time eating here, the atmosphere is nice, the waitress was friendly but never around, and the service was sooooooo sloowww!!!! and it was not busy. The chips and salsa were good to start, but the beef fajitas were the worst fajitas i have ever had the meat tasted like it was marinated in A-1 sauce, and that's gross on a fajita. Wife's flautas also were not very good, though and my dad had a chicken dinner that he like but said it was too salty, and my mom was not happy with her salad either. (if only twin creeks was open on Mondays)
5	Food is delicious and the three salsas they bring with chips are amazing.  Freindly female bartender and friendly staff. Check out their specials $9.99 fajitas and ritas
4	This restaurant was appealing from the decor. It was modern with some Latin flair. Upon being seating i realized it was bigger then it looked. I got the Fajita special for two (just under 20$) But I made my BF try the Empanadas and they were perfect! Our waiter was excellent we had refills quickly and everything was timed just right! Definitely a place I'll continue to visit!
4	Had family in town and we're planning on going to a late lunch at the buffet, but they were closed, due to it being in the middle of brunch and dinner. So Mi Casa being the closest place to there, we decided to go Mexican. Customer service was great, we were greeted, no more than 2 seconds after we got within the vicinity of the hostess. The waiter was quick and on point (pretty funny fella as well). The 3 salsas that came out with the chips were good, even the one that burned my mouth. I had the chicken chimichanga with red sauce on top. It was well prepared and a perfect size. Came with a side of rice and a small dish of beans, that weren't too shabby. I thought the prices were OK, maybe a little on the high side, but being that it is in a casino, it was tolerable. Will eat here again, for sure!!!
3	Three years ago I thought this was one of the best Mexican places around. They had a large menu, quality food and excellent service. Since then, it's gone downhill. The menu is much smaller, the service is spotty and the food, while still good, isn't quite what it used to be. It may not be authentic Mexican -- it is after all in a casino full of gringos -- but it's still a solid choice to get some Mexican grub. The chimichangas are large and stuffed like Oprah wearing spandex. The carnitas chimichanga is much better than the chicken. The pork (on a good day) has that tender, succulent pulled-pork quality to it, although on occasion it can be a little dry. The enchiladas are also worth getting as they don't over-sauce them like so many other places. Their rice is also some of the better spanish rice I've had around here. It's not that mushy, inedible pile that can be found elsewhere. Compared to other casino restaurants their prices are good, with many dishes around $10-15.
2	Buffet line wayyyy too long to even thing about getting into.  (seniors eat for five dollars monday nights)  So we walked to the next restaurant over which was Mi Casa.  The food is worse than chilli's, and its more expensive.  I got a carnitas chimmi, it tasted fine, but way too much salt for my liking (and I really like salt).  Two stars because it was clean, service was ok, and the iced tea was a step above average.  Probably wont ever eat here again.
3	I have been to eat here several times and each time I think, "Man this place wasn't that great last time, why are we here again?" I think its the fact that it is usually not busy compared to buffet, where-if you are patient, you can score a great deal. Like other reviewers have said, the chips and salsa are very good, but most other items are average. The fajitas are a good deal if you split them, but they will only bring you about 2-3 corn tortillas per order. The service has been slow most times and I think it is a bit pricey but prices are on par with most casino restaurants.A couple of high points; the decor is awesome-it really reminded me of Pueblo Bonito resorts in Mexico (trust me, it's cool), and the mole. Mole is hit and miss, and Mi Casa's is a hit for sure. So, go for lunch and order the mole.
4	Despite the spotty reviews for this place, I still had high hopes when my boyfriend and I headed here last Friday night.  Besides, we had a perfectly good Groupon to use :) the restaurant has great ambiance and is tucked back from the slot machine casino action, which is nice.  Here's what we thought of the food:Chips and salsa: YUM! The trio of salsas were good and we devoured the chips, and our server brought another basket of them without us having to ask.Appetizer -- Queso Fundido: NOT what I was expecting.  Agave in Summerlin has this killer queso that's bubbling hot in a baby skillet from the oven, and that's what I was expecting here.  Instead, we got a bowl of warm cheese dip that tasted OK, but was basically a fancier version of the fake nacho cheese you'd get at a baseball stadium.  I was not impressed.Entree -- Chicken Fajitas for 2: A sizzling platter loaded with seasoned chicken and veggies, and we each had our own plate of toppings, flour tortillas, beans and rice to make our fajitas with.  This was really tasty, and for $18 a pretty good deal.  Dessert: We got the featured dessert which isn't normally on the menu, a deep-fried banana-filled tortilla covered in sugar, chocolate and raspberry sauce and with vanilla ice cream.  Presentation was beautiful and it tasted great! Overall I think the rest of the food made up for the disappointing queso dip, which is why I'm still giving this place 4 stars.  Our bill came up to $32, which seems very reasonable considering we got a ton of food.  If you like Mexican, give this place a shot :)
4	We went in the Silverton Casino to get our BASS PRO SHOPS on, and we stopped by this mexican restaurant. Good decor - fun, lively. The food was not stellar, but it was good--good salsas, good tacos (go soft taco, the hard shells were like store-bought Ortega or something) and an excellent cheese enchilada. I liked that the portions were not ridiculous-fat American size but then considering that they were smaller portions, the price was pretty high - $15 for each entree.
5	My favorite Mexican restaurant.  I've eaten here probably 10 times and have never been disappointed. Food and service are great. Must try the chicken salad and the chimichangas.
2	The decor of this place is nice. It is southwest enough without going overboard and tacky. The atmosphere is comfortable; the tables and booths are spaced out enough for conversations. The food is decent. The food being ok, the price, and the service made it an ok experience.For a Mexican restaurant, I am disappointed with their margaritas. My friend ordered the grapefruit, which she found too sour. I ordered the prickly pear, which I found overbearingly sweet. We ended up switching, and drinking, although she didn't like mine either. If you want a great prickly pear margarita, go to Mesa Grill. At Mi Casa, it is pure sugar.The chips were fresh and warm, which was a plus, but their salsas were lacking. None of the trio stood out as impressive. Our group of three ordered the specialties of the night. One was a 14oz. NY steak specials served on top of a cilantro lime rice, grilled vegetables, six shrimp, and topped with crisp onion straws for $24. The steak was seasoned well. The shrimp was cooked nicely, but was overpowered by the sauce it was smothered in. The rice was my favorite. The chef explained that he purees the cilantro, adds in the lime juice and butter, then tosses the rice in it as a binder. The other special we got was a tilapia with three shrimp over roasted corn and black bean rice topped with mango salsa for $18. I did not care for this dish at all. Nothing stood out as spectacular or worth eating. The waitress was scrambling, a bit inattentive, and just seemed nervous. I found it odd that we were never asked how we would like our steaks cooked. I will just count myself lucky that she went the safe route and entered medium, because waiting another fifty minutes for a new order would not have been an option.
4	Great Food - Beautiful Decor - Good DrinksThree different types of Salsa -  family loved it! I had the Shrimp Enchiladas.... super tasty and generous with the shrimp.   Cadillac Margarita =  MMMMMMMM YUMMY
4	For some reason Yelp would not let me check in here while sitting at the bar but, I came here to use a $30 Groupon solo for a great drinking/eating adventure. All the drinks I had here were very good. I don't know the name of the bartender but, she kept talking to me about an adult toy webpage she is making called sex rocket and about using a Mac for everything. I had a couple types of Margaritas which were all good and a drink called rum rain which was good. For a snack I had the sonoran corn and the Queso fundido. Which were good but the chips and salsa was best. The sonoran corn was not grilled like it was supposed to be and lacked spice. Hussongs still has the best corn. The drinks were 5 star and food was 3. Service was good too
2	I always wonder why I find myself back at this place after complaining to myself about the last time I was there.  Nothing different this time.  Very unfriendly hostess!  The waiter came around and was friendly but extremely slooooowwwww.....  Never got refills on our drinks or asked about refills on our margaritas, and when it came time to pay, the waiting continued...and continued....Overall, food is good, I think that's why I have come back several times.  Not to mention the great selection of tequilas and great decor.  But the service is atrocious.  I'll probably write a follow-up in 6 months when I find myself back there wondering why I came back again.
4	had a great dinner in this restaurant  my wife and a buddy had chicken salad,what an amazing presentation formed in a ring about 3 inches high filled with chopped chicken roasted corn chopped veggies and lettuce.Give that dish a 10 .Head chef came around the table to ask how everything was and to explain what was new and what he planned for the future.Top all that off with a couple of massive margaritas  for a great Mexican experience .
4	So this is a review for the bar only..of all the times I have been to the Silverton I have yet to eat here.This was stop 3 on the Thursday Pub Crawl and by then word must have gotten out since it was packed. We caught the end of it since we went and ate @ Twin Creeks when it started. My friends wanted to do a few shots so we wormed our way to the bar & they were served some pretty huge shots of tequila. After that it was onto the final stop of the night. So even tho it was packed the service was pretty fast.
2	I love the decor in this place - Trendy Gothic with a Spanish feel....The food was OK, nothing crazy good to me. The popular appetizer right now is deep fried avocado and they have it. I thought the Avocado came in a tie with the grilled shrimp as for the best things we ate. We tried the Steak and shrimp with cilantro rice and grilled tomatoes. The cilantro rice had maybe a hint of something but was very bland to me. The grilled tomatoes had no taste - even a splash of lemon juice or a pinch of salt before they grilled it would've helped taste wise. The waiter had a whole speech as to how their steak was excellent and it was the same steak as in the expensive steak house (I forgot the name) in the Silverton. So we were sold but the steak wasn't tender and I had to ask for sauce to deep it in for taste.The shrimp had a yummy sauce on it.......My brother really enjoyed his steak salad in a taco shell and my kid's cheese quesadilla was passable as well.....The service was slow....too slow....the waiter at some point did come up to me and said that because I wanted my steak well done it would take longer which is fine to me but bring out all the other stuff like the kid's meals and the easy salad!!!! So even with all that it must be known that we were only the 3rd table with people in there so the extra slow service was just weird to me....My main problem was with the young lady who was the greeter at the front. It was a Sunday afternoon on Father's day and her demenor was just awful. She hardly cracked a smile and she had "I hate my job" written all over her face!!!! I watched her with each customer that she brought to their table and each time it was just so unfriendly, so unwelcoming. I told our waiter what I felt and I hoped that he passed along the right channels because there are so many people right now that so badly need and want a job and that would appreciate one. So it just sickens me to see public service employees act like that.Oh and as we were leaveing she didn't even look at as and then as we were going to turn a corner we heard in a very low monotone voice just like in a weird freaky movie "Thankyou, have a nice day" My Mother looked at me and said how nice she was thanking our backs.....
1	One word could describe this whole place - Why?Why did the owner decide to open a restaurant?Why did the chef decide he/she knew anything about cooking?Why is the Silverton the only casino in town who is getting no applications for its open positions? (ok, well that one's a no brainer).It took only one bite, although I am often a fool and will continue to eat more despite what my taste buds are screaming at me.My meal was simple - Chicken Tortilla Soup - how can you mess that up?Well let me tell you, Mi Casa messed it up with flare and extravagance.After tax, the so-called bowl of so-called soup was the better part of $9.00. But it was far from a bowl and its only resemblance to soup was the way it dripped off my spoon. Oh, and a bowl is a bowl - not a cup.Here's a bit of advice for the chef - Chicken Tortilla soup is not a beef broth base, and certainly not a broth made from beef bouillon cubes.The soup was so harsh (let me emphasize harsh here), it almost made both me and my dinner companion gag with disgust.
3	My husband and I decided to try out Mi Casa on Silverton's 14th birthday. We'd both gotten coupons for the restaurant in the mail and decided it was the perfect opportunity to try it out. We were seated immediately and after a few minutes was greeted by our waiter. We ordered the special of the day- two tacos and an enchilada for $5. My husband also went ahead and ordered a margarita which we had a coupon that was supposed to make it free. The food was good and if it wasn't for the service, I would say I would be back.The service was really the reason I gave this place 3 stars. It was extremely slow and there weren't many people there. It took forever to get refills or to order a new drink. I practically had to stand up and flail to get the staff's attention. At the end of the meal, the check was brought to us (after a very long wait) and I was surprised to find that we had been charged the full amount of the margarita despite the coupon. At this point, though, we were so tired of waiting, I ate the cost and left. Don't think we will be back to Mi Casa any time soon.
3	We ended up here for dinner out of desperation. It turned out to be better than expected. The avocado fries and sonoran grilled corn were fantastic apps in addition to the chips and trio of salsa. We split the grilled steak and linguisa sausage. The steak was tender and perfectly cooked. The sausage had great flavor and texture. The rice and bean sides were a little bland. We had a pitcher of margaritas that were pretty good, too. They (falsely) advertised happy hour drink specials which were only available at the bar. The atmosphere is nice, dark, with lots of leather and colorful Mexican decor.
1	Crappy service and the food was terrible
4	Judging by the mixed reviews for Mi Casa, I think your experience here might largely depend on what you order.The first time I visited I ordered poorly and the whole experience was rather meh. Then, a year or so ago we got hold of a groupon and tried again. Ever since I have been eager to head over to the Silverton for some cheap, tasty Mexican fare. The sort of stuff I want to eat when I don't feel like anything lavish like Border Grill.Now, I won't lie, Mi Casa eternally disappoints me in that they don't really do a big plate of nachos that you can, not only enjoy in the restaurant, but graze off in leftover form for days afterward. This instantly derails my standard order, so what I like to do here is mix it up with an order of grilled Sonoran corn, which is delicious, followed by chicken fajitas and maybe round it off by sharing a fried ice cream. I also once sampled the chicken wings here and found them to be huge, crispy, and excellent.The real surprise here is the fajitas. Fajitas are usually pretty hit and miss for me. They always -look- fun, but the reality is often some overcooked, rubbery meat among a sea of limp, oily, tasteless vegetables, served with dry tortillas. That's not the case here. I can't believe I'm going to say it, but these are the best fajitas I have ever tasted. The meat is prepared with love, sliced AFTER grilling so it's not all dry, and the vegetables are chunky with a nice sear - not too oily. On top of all that they serve it with some sort of amazing sauce drizzled over the top.Over the past year or so my Mexican standards have risen. Placed I used to rave about like Coyote's on Sunset and Guadalajara at Sunset Station now seem pretty lowbrow and mediocre (except for the salsa bar at Guad - that's worth the price of the meal on its own). Mi Casa, though, if I order right, is a surprisingly excellent Mexican offering at a more than decent price. If you've been here and been less than blown away, it might benefit you if you gave it another shot one day - maybe if you're in the area and can't decide what to eat. Order something different - maybe the fajitas - and see if, like me, your experience here can be amazing if you hit the bullseyes on the menu.
3	Over rated. Cheap food, so so service. hit or miss. Just come here when you have a coupon. Otherwise its not worth it to spend all ur time to stop by and eat here.
1	AWFUL. I had to give myself a few days of cool down to write this review otherwise I think I may have dropped a lot of "f" bombs. so unclassy. just like this place! If i could give this place zero stars I would.My friend and I wondered here this past weekend in the hopes of getting some decent margaritas. we were so wrong. we were seated by a girl who didn't seem to like her job. pretty bland. it was whatever. we looked over our menus and the margaritas looked pretty good so we ordered one each at $7 dollars a glass. I asked for a not so sweet and sour one, but a stronger one with more flavor so the waitress recommended one to me. While she put that order in my friend and I decided to share some basic beef taquitos for 8 dollars. She dropped off some free chips and salsa which were nothing too impressive. the 3 choices of salsa all tasted the same pretty much and were bland. so sad. Our drinks came over and I took one sip and already felt sick from all the sweet and sour. It tasted like a virgin drink. I'm sorry...I'm 27...don't you remember checking my ID while I asked for something of the opposite? I did not say bring me a virgin margarita. open your ears. My friend was not impressed either with his frozen margarita which tasted like frozen lemon water. UGH what is this place?! our taquitos came over and they looked like they were from the freezer isle at target. believe me when I say there was no beef whatsoever in this little things. there were 3 of them and they were the size of my boney little pinky finger. $8 dollars for what?! OMG. unimpressed. When the waitress came over to ask how our drinks were I told her mine was too sweet and I didn't like it as I moved it to the side for her to take away after one sip. obviously she didn't get the hint as she watched me and walked away. umm alright. she brought our check over and I noticed our drinks were $8 dollars while on the menu they were $7 dollars so I decided to ask her about this. She said they charge an extra dollar for the alcohol. nowhere on that menu did it say they were going to charge more money for a drink that already has alcohol in it. WTF! yes...I understand it is only an extra dollar per drink but it is the point of telling your customers about this before they order. I didn't even drink my margarita because it was disgusting and wanted you to take it away but instead you decide you want to charge me more for it?! not to mention your food sucked and was such a disappointment. I left this place so angry and upset over this. The waitress offered no help and it was obvious she wanted us out of there.I'm apparently still very angry over this about half a week later. I will make sure none of my friends and family ever go to this place. I really hope they do not stay around too long and are replaced by something better. I am so let down with mi casa's food and service.
3	I enjoyed this place 2 days ago because I met up with friends who noticed as of October 2011, they started a 25 cent taco and Corona special from 5-9pm on Mondays. The Coronas are small 7oz ones but ordering 2 of them is just 50 cents and 2oz more than your typical $2-3 12oz can/bottle of beer around town. The tacos also include pretty tasty chicken, beef or grilled fish, given the price. Catch this promo while it lasts as well as show up earlier because they did run out of the Coronas around 40 minutes prior to the end of the hour.I didn't get to try the fajitas but they did smell good as usual when they came out (what doesn't smell bad when a  grilled sauteed garlic, onions and bell peppers come sizzling out!)Good note: Silverton has decent free Wi-Fi internet. The phone reception kind of sucked that far in but the internet was good.I also am not sure if Mi Casa still is part of that $1 all well drinks on Thursday evenings during that bar crawl at Silverton. Hope this helps.
5	So amazing. My friend and I went here on Saturday afternoon it was our second choice after the Diablo Cantina had us waiting for over 20 minutes because they were really busy. We walked up to the hostess and sat right down and had our drinks and chips within 5 minutes. I had a two item combo of chiles rilleno and chicken enchaladas and it was incredible so yummy and my friend had the sizzling fajitas which she would not share, but smelled and looked really yummy. I will definitely be going here again.
5	I noticed the mixed reviews for this restaurant, I don't understand it. I met some friends there last night. The food and service was fantastic! We started with Margaritas by the pitcher (of course), and the four of us managed to drain two of them :-) Our waiter Ruben was attentive and friendly, he made sure we needed for nothing. We were fortunate to have Earl the room chef stop by the table. We asked for his recommendation, when he suggested the red snapper I was hesitant (I'm a bit of a fish snob, I usually only order in areas where it's caught). This dish was off the Hook! I can't express how completely satisfied I was. The fish was fresh and cooked to perfection, it was served on a bed of peppers and onions with grilled tomatoes and a dipping sauce on the side. The combination of flavors was unique and complimentary. I'm writing this review and just thinking about the experience I'm getting hungry, guess I gotta go back!
3	I love their fish tacos! They make me happy, oh and try the fried avocados, they rock and also the fried ice cream for dessert. For the food I would give more stars but seriously the service is ridiculous. We had to run around looking for the waitress last time just to pay her!
2	Im giving this place 2 stars (a stretch) because I felt bad for the waitress who actually had to try and act normal throughout my disaster dinner. Decided to stop in with my gf  because I didnt want to sit down for a steak at Twin Creeks, but wanted something a little less greasy than Johnny Rockets. Mexican? Im in!! Heres my dinner date.Ordered drinks and apps. Was told one of the apps was not available as per the chef (queso dip). No biggie, Ill have something else (shrimp cocktail). Enjoying our drinks, and Queso dip comes out....huh?? Also, the tortilla soup that my gf ordered comes out. No joke, the tortilla soup looks like apple sauce....what the hell is this? I LOVE tortilla soup...order it everywhere I go. This was NOT tortilla soup. Shit was a disaster. Queso dip looks thrown together and is so thick. It almost seemed like frozen cheeze whiz reheated. Absolutely repulsive. Still, Im cool calm and collected, and just wait for  my server to come over and send it back. Where on earth is my shrimp cocktail?? I offered to pay for everything, because I hate making a scene. The server was great and of course says not to worry about it, and both the soup and cheeze whiz will be removed from the check. In open view, she speaks to the manager on duty whos office is in full view of the table Im sitting at, literally, right across from me. I watch him get up, comp the items off our check and walk away. I wanted to thank him for the gesture, but he didnt even give me the time of day? Whatever, not a problem, still just hanging out drinking, enjoying the scenery. WHERE IS MY SHRIMP COCKTAIL??!!? Im confused at this point.  After ordering our entrees, the shrimp cocktail comes out. It was delicious. I could have eaten two orders. The waitress comes over, asks if everything is ok. I told her everything was fine, and that I wish I could have thanked the manager for comping our food, even though he didnt have to do that (despite the fact that he obviously did the right thing.) She just kind of smiled and left. LOl WTF. Maybe its just me, but I would have gotten that lazy manager off his chair to touch the table that clearly has been dissapointed with the quality of food. Again, no biggie, but now its clear to me why this place isnt more popular. The check comes....it was about $67 or so. i left a $20 tip, and thanked the waitress. Despite everything else, she was really sweet and at least made an attempt to show she cared about us enjoying our night. The manager however, is shot.
1	This place is GARBAGE. Food tasted like a frozen microwave food platter. Service was slow. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Your better off going to Roberto's.
3	My friend and I rolled in here around 9:00pm on a Saturday night and we were seated right away.  We ordered a pitcher of Sangria ($23.00) and that is the reason that this places gets three stars instead of two.  The chips and salsa came out and those were good.I ordered the "Delgado Chicken" and my friend ordered the Steak Quesadilla.  The food came out rather quickly.  My dish was nothing special...just a chicken breast covered with some cheese but the rice was terrible.  It was all dry and crunchy...YUCK!  The quesadilla wasn't very big but my friend didn't finish it...I don't think he liked it.  But the Sangria was great and I was drunk as a skunk by the time we left...but still not drunk enough to remember that the food wasn't very good.I'd go back for the drinks but not for the food.
3	This is located inside the Silverton Casino. Overall, I had a good experience here, but the food wasn't tasty enough for me to come back.There was a 5 minute wait on a Saturday night. There were lots of empty tables. There is a bar with seating and lots of TVs, which were playing the NFL playoffs. Interior decor was really nice. Service was great. Our server kept the drinks coming and was really patient with our group of 10 (including children).I had the chicken tacos for $11 and they substituted the beans with extra rice. It was a bit spicy, which was not mentioned in the menu. The rice was good, but I think the tacos at Del Taco taste better. Their tacos only cost $2 each.The fried ice cream was pretty good. The strawberries in it were fresh & the ice cream was creamy. It wasn't too die for though.I think this restaurant needs new chefs and better tasting menu items. The service was great, so that's why they received 3 stars instead of 2.
3	Santa Rosa Chicken Salad is amazing (when they don't forget the dressing) service however SUCKS!!!!!!!!! Chips and salsa are great top!
2	This is like a more expensive, less tasty version of Macayos. I went here with a group of about nine people, and even though six of the nine people were present, they didn't seat us until everyone was present.  Hmm, ok.  This was on a quiet Monday evening.We're seated and I will give credit to the server as she was very pleasant and attentive.  There was rarely a time a beverage glass was empty. The food leaves a lot to be desired.  I had the carne asada taco plate with a side of guacamole.  It was as if nothing had any seasoning.  I understand Americanized Mexican food, I really do, and I did not go in here with the expectation of getting super-flavorful food, but I did expect some seasoning.  I definitely won't choose to come back here.
2	Foodwasn't that bad but service was horrible. It took 35 minutes for a party of 8 to be seated on a Saturday night. Our waiter was slow, didn't refill drinks as often as he should have and our appetizers came with our dinner, 35 minutes after we ordered ! Cannot recommend
3	This place gets 5 stars for the service and their tequila selection, however I've rated a 3-Star because I couldn't taste the food.  I am not the typical person to pour left-over salsa (from the chips and salsa) onto what I would expect to be spicy mexican food.  But I did, all of it.  I ordered the chicken empanadas and to be honest - I can't remember the other item, because it was really not worth remembering.  Everything just seemed so bland, even for me.  We also ordered the $35 Cadillac Margarita pitcher and got about 6 drinks out of it, which was a good deal, except, we weren't offered our tequila of choice,  As a result I think it was a cheap tequila, resulting in a gross 6 drinks.  Between 2 people, a little much for us. I would have rather ordered 2 premium tequila drinks a piece and done without the pitcher of gross tequila.  The only thing I really enjoyed about our meal was the dessert.  I ordered the mi casa banana (with ice cream) and that was yummy!
1	This was one of the worst mexican places i've ever been.  The service was beyond bad and the food wasn't much better.  Try Roberto's taco shop for 1/4th the price and 10000% better quality.  I feel sicker then when I eat at taco bell after eating at this place.
4	Chips and salsa are so tasty.. $2 for draft negro modelo during happy hour.. Never a wait and the burritos are great!
4	I've always said, if I had to pick one type of food to eat for the rest of my life, it would be Mexican! I base it primarily off the guacamole and the meat. Mi Casa's guac was on point, and they had, unlike EVERY OTHER Mexican restaurant in this town, ground beef. I don't care if it's considered "authentic" or not, I grew up in the South where this is common and I love having it as an option. Also, the steak I had on my nachos was quality, clean of a lot of excess fat and yummy! I don't know why people are complaining about the prices, the menu is very reasonable. I once split a $9.00 plate of nachos with 2 other adults and we were all full. The beer prices are average too. I also love the restaurant for the fun ambiance, something people tend to go numb to out here in Vegas since everything is so flashy. They also have a lot of big screen TVs in the bar area, perfect now that football season is here!!
5	I loved it! I guess I have a knack for really liking places that other reviewers don't! The decor is reminiscent of the now defunct (that I didn't like so well) Dos Caminos at the Palazzo. The service was attentive and our water glasses were never empty which I always appreciate. We ordered queso fundido to start. It was the perfect spiciness/creaminess/cheesiness blend. Actually, it was probably my favorite part of the meal. Also included with the meal was a set of three salsas--including a green salsa which I adored. I ordered cheese enchiladas with both red and green enchilada sauces on the side. They were both really good! I preferred the green because I love tomatillos like a fat kid loves cake, which is almost as much as I love rap songs that are ten years old. We left stuffed and happy--always a good thing in my book!
3	They have an amazing Santa Rosa Chicken Salad but their service is horrible. Sat at the bar last night and watched both bartenders disappear for about 15 minutes. Watched people get up and leave because no one came over. The restaurant could be a huge asset to the Silverton if their service improved.
3	The food at Mi Casa is very good. Tonite was no exception. The service, on the other hand, was horrendous. For a Saturday night in Las Vegas the place was dead (8:00 pm), the service should have been spot on. We got the 3 salsa and table side guacamole, the chips ran out, we had to ask 3 TIMES for more chips and they didn't come until we had our entrees. We asked for a desert menu which took 10 minutes to appear and then 20 minutes after that when asked what we wanted for desert we said "the check". When we advised the hostess of the miserable service she said to "ask for so and so next time". Really, is he the only good waiter. We live 3 miles from Mi Casa and we will never go back.
2	This is a beautiful restaurant.  Too bad the management has let a good place slip down so far.  We have been eating here for several years.  When it first opened the service was good and the food was excellent.  It then transitioned to a place where the food was still excellent but the service diminished, but we would put up with the poor service because the food was so good.Prior to this dinner on 10/12/12 we had eating there in August and the food was still very good.  Something happened between then and now and the food was just as bad as the service.You are served three salsas with chips and all three were pretty awful.  It almost seemed like they had added sugar to all three. Pretty horrid.Ordered nachos that were left in the broiler  too long and were burned on the edges. That wasn't the worst part however.  There seemed to be what might have been hormel chili con carne slathering about.  Pretty terrible nachos, which honestly, is not the hardest food to prepare.We ordered rock shrimp enchiladas which were at the top of the price list. Instead of rock shrimp the enchilada was filled with bay shrimp, I kid you not. It seems more and more the restaurants in casinos are skimping quality hoping you don't notice. That recipe is not one that will keep a loyal clientele, which might explain why at 8:00 PM on Friday night the restaurant was no more than 1/3 full.
3	I keep coming back to Mi Casa time and time again, and I always walk away conflicted. This place has so many bad aspects, but yet so many great ones as well.Service in the bar area is downright terrible. It's as if Mi Casa only hires bartenders and cocktail servers with below average time management skills. This is especially obvious during happy hour when you can almost see the shock on the bartenders' faces when the foot traffic starts to pick up. Mi Casa has amazing margaritas and great prices on those margaritas. The trick is simply getting one in your hands. It's going to take a while. Especially during happy hour. This applies to the servers in the bar area as well. Once you actually get one to wait on you I would recommend ordering multiple drinks. I have no doubt you'll be pleased with the quality of your beverage, but you never know when you'll be getting another. The servers always seem more overwhelmed than the bartenders do. Being sat in the dining room always confuses me as well. You could walk up to the hostess and you can literally count maybe 4 or 5 tables of patrons, however the hostless always says the wait will be between 20-45 minutes. I don't understand how this can be on a Monday evening when it's obvious they're not busy. Is there only one line cook working? Is there only one waitress on staff?I've been coming to Mi Casa for years, and the examples above aren't based on one time experiences. That being said you might wonder why I keep coming back. The answer is simple: the food is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. The burritos are a can't miss, the enchiladas are wonderful, and the trio of salsas they give you with their chips are unbelievable.I wasn't surprised at all when I saw the average review is 3-stars, which is a shame because this place has 5-star potential if they would only up their service a bit.
2	We have been to the Silverton many times while visiting Vegas. We usally go to the  Twin Creek  restaraunt  but decided to try Mi Casa Grill Cantina. Huge mistake!!!The atmosphere was very nice, but the food was very poor as was the service.The comb fajitas was 2 small pieces of each item with ice cold rice. At $18 a plate.Our other two entrees came with rice also ice cold. The waiter made a comment that we should have said something about  the rice right away. But he was not around to complain. They did keep our water glass full because the bus boy was doing his job. Now I will be fare, I did order the Red Snapper and it was perfect.We don't mind spending money on our dinners while on vacation, and we do spend a lot, but we will not return back to this restaraunt because they had both bad food and service with an attitude. I hope the owner/manger reads these reviews because they need to make some major changes if they want repeat business.
4	We eat at Mi Casa probably 2-3 times a month.  While the food has always been good, the service was always terrible.  More often than not the wait time from ordering to receiving was about 45+ minutes.   We ate there last night and was pleasantly surprised.  In the three weeks since we were last there, they've changed their menu and gotten a new chef.  The changes were instantly noticeable from the time the hostess sat us.  Changes:1. Hostess was friendly and had a smile on her face.  Not sure if it's the same one who has seated us before, but I never really notice the 'sour puss' people I come across.  When she sat us, she made sure we all had everything we needed - menus, silver, water glasses, etc.2.  Salsa was amazing!  They obviously changed their medium salsa because it has never been as yummy as it was before. I didn't try the hot or the green so can't comment on it.  I ate waaayyyy too many chips this time because I couldn't get enough of the salsa.3.  Service was perfect!  Waiter instantly at our table, water glasses filled, drink order returned promptly - granted two of us drank water and the other ordered a coke.  We placed our order:  Chicken enchiladas and Beef Fajitas for two.  Both arrived in less than 15 minutes and place was packed.4.  I cannot attest for the Chicken enchiladas, but he downed them quickly, so I can only assume they were good.  The Fajitas were amazing!  Before they were way overcooked and came with some weird orange glaze on them.  The veggies would be so charred that they had lost all flavor.  This time, they came out a perfect medium and veggies so fresh and cooked perfectly that we ate the whole thing!  This is the first time we didn't have leftovers to take home.I don't know who the new chef is, but he/she made this a place we will consider as a first choice for dinner as opposed to a 'can't come up with anything better and we are already here' choice.
1	The Worst the worst the WORST !  Can you tell I am not a fan? My guy and I went here last night around 7pm.. We were told that there was a 40 minute wait..I walked around the restaurant and it was about 1/4 full.. It is a huge place , and there was about 10 tables with customers, the rest were empty, clean, and waiting for someone to sit in. Seriously, why am I waiting 40 minutes ? 40 minutes come and go and we come back , now there is about 2 parties in the dining room and we are still waiting to be sat, finally I give the hostess an evil glare and we are sat. Right next to the kitchen. there is about 50 empty tables and we are sitting right next to the kitchen ?! really?   So then we sit , and sit, and sit.. My boyfriend says we will give them 5 more minutes and then we will leave. 4 minutes in and our waiter shows up looking like he has been working his butt off , I look around wondering why he looks so overwhelmed,  There are a dozen servers and now about 5 tables being occupied.. This guy is a mess, he can't look us in the eye, takes out drink orders and runs off without taking our food orders..Which we obviously were ready to give seeing how we sat there for 15 minutes before a server even approached our table. He then scurries around randomly ,  we just watch him..another 8 minutes go by and we see him walk in our direction stop , look at us, realization that he never gave us our beers dawns on his face and he runs back towards the bar. This pretty much goes on like this all night. It took us about 45 minutes to get out check at the end. Now , my guy and I have both been servers, so we always tip 20%  ... it pained me to even tip him at all. He did nothing . other people brought us our food and cleared our dishes..he never checked on us,never  refilled our drinks, never asked if we wanted another beer, or even dessert..which I was dying to try the bananas.. but couldn't even order them because he NEVER came back. WTF.   Just looked at my receipt..The server is named Ruben ..The food was complete garbage. $10 for a tiny bowl of mediocre guacamole with NO chips ! Our entrees which were grossly overpriced were as bland as taco bell.    Do yourself  a favor and NEVER go here.
2	Over the years we have gotten to know and love the wait staff here and always have great service.  We stuck with this restaurant through periods of terrible service and terrible management. The new chef has driven us out and ruined the fajitas, though.  They actually gave us completely unseasoned chicken and onions on the fajita platter. Seriously?  The new salsas are awful. Does everything have to be chipotle these days?  What is so wrong with a classic tomato salsa with yummy chunks of onions?  We were sad when we walked out this last time. After eating here almost weekly for 5 years, it was like saying goodbye to an old friend.
1	Bad...just really bad.  The place was empty and the service was bad.The food was cold and bad.The drinks were watery and bad.Mexican food and margaritas are a very simple thing to do well.To do anything this bad, takes time and lack of preparation.I would go into much greater detail as to the comedy of errors that was my wife's birthday luncheon...but I won't bore you with the details.  Except for this one detail that brings it all together...it was Sunday, Week 6 of the NFL, they forgot to change the channels for the 1 PM game and we listened to 15 minutes of infomercial rhetoric over their speaker system as we dined on cold, tasteless food.5 X Cost of Roberto's / 1/3 as good as Roberto's = Really bad!!!Scale...Roberto's = 3 Stars when reviewed intoxicated
3	Mi Case is located inside the Silverton Casino in the Southwest.  I have eaten at Mi Casa for the past 4 years and it was our favorite spot ever. In the 6 months / past year the management has changed and some of the staff including the chef. It seems to be hit or miss on the food and service as of late. I am hoping that it levels out and comes back to its former glory!  The provide free chips and 3 sauses on being seated and the have an extensive menu. Full bar service with good value. I usally order the cheese enchaliades or beef fajatias.
1	OMG this place was such a freaking rip. Everything was horrible !!!!!!!!!!  We paid to watch the Super Bowl at a Mexican Restaurant but they served everyone cold Oscar Mayer hot dogs, bland chicken wings, disgusting sliders, stale tortilla chips which aren't even the thin chips offered by the restaurant. They didn't even have enough TVs around the restaurant  so that people have a good view to watch the game. I actually had to subscribe to NFL mobile to watch the game on my smartphone so i can see the game clearly. this place collected and ran with your money and gave u Garbage !!!!! I seriously want a freaking refund. They ruined my Super Bowl and I hope now one else makes a mistake and comes here for an event!!!!!!!!
4	Food was outstanding, it really suprised us!  Hostess was short and not verfy friendly, we had to wait 15-20 minutes for a table and we counted 11 tables that were empty.....The was nice we played $20.00 and got two rounds of drinks for the two of us and ended out cahing out $11.00 when our table was ready......   We will go back.  The Girls working the front seating people, maybe they were having a bad day....
3	Judging from the reviews I read about the service here, I must have come on an off night, (it was Friday night), because the service was decent. We got seated right away and the server took our drink order. Chips and 3 different types of salsa came a few minutes later, along with water. It's pretty art-deco looking for a mexican restaurant - overall the vibe was ok. For appetizers, I was curious so I ordered the Avocado Fries. Not bad, but to me, it seemed to be missing something. For the main entree, the wife and I both ordered the Shrimp & Crab Enchiladas. I liked it - it had the right amount of spiciness from the poblano chilies, but mi esposa thought it was a little too salty. For dessert, order the Helado Frito (fried ice cream). It was nice and crispy, like it was made fresh. We both enjoyed it. It was a good dinner for me, not outstanding, but definitely not negative, and hey, at least the server kept our water glasses filled in a timely fashion. I may visit again if I ever go back to the Silverton.
3	Ate in the bar. Had the steak smothered in peppers and cheese. Typical Vegas hotel mex food. Nothing to go crazy about. I had 10$ dining credit so it ended up cheap. Service was way better than some of the other dining at Silverton.  Not sure I'd go back.  I just happen to be picky about good mexican fare.
5	Strong consistency, strong effort and teamwork, great menu with lots of choices, family-dining prices.I've become a regular at Mi Casa at Silverton. I love their 2-item/3-item combo. I get pork tamale+ cheese enchilada. Comes with rice & beans. Steak tampequenia and rancho del sur, and the red snapper is also good! Shrimp cocktail, fajitas of three varieties... all good! The fried ice cream is superior in preparation and ingredients to any other in Las Vegas, in my experience.Average price per person about $20  plus drink tax and tip.  Frequent happy hour specials of varying themes and varieties... plus this business updates their Yelp page frequently.A fine appointment of decor and accouterment compliments the south-of-the-border music. Even the cutlery is worthy of appreciation. A large bar and lounge caters to the numerous slot-machines and high-top bistro tables and the spacious dining room can manage multiple large groups.All in all, the primary reason why you should choose Mi Casa is the people that work here. I look for direct involvement and engagement from servers, bartenders, kitchen staff, managers...  and the staff at Mi Casa are hands-on invested in the success of this business. And that's really tough to do ... Every... Single... Day... And at Mi Casa, they do it. Every... Single... Day. It's a repeatable pattern of excellence that's hard to beat. Each and every meal I've had here is of a  consistently high quality delivered Every Single Time by motivated and hard working people. It's not hard to figure out what restaurants deserve your patronage. Mi Casa is one restaurant that earns it. Every... Single... Day! I'm smitten with Samantha and Marsha and wonderful Miriam. Give Mi Casa Grill Cantina a try...you will be too!
4	The BF and I were hanging out with friends and somehow fajitas came up and they've been here several times where it was rather good they said so I went along with it. So we started off with some chips with a mild red, spicy red and a green. All were good salsas and chips warm.  We got a order of avocado fries. I assume it was the "full order" which was just the amount of a full avocado with a chipotle ranch. I thought it was pretty decent version of this dish. Fajitas wise, they didn't have steak with shrimp on the menu but we asked if that was possible and they did it for us. You can order a 1 person or 2 person portion so we got a 2 person one. They give you your own beans, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, and tortillas and have a shared hot skillet.  At first I was thinking, "thats it?" when I was a few steak strips and shrimp but I was super stuffed. The steak was tender and was cooked to about medium which I appreciated. I prefer things to be not well done, but I know medium rare is kinda hard to do in fajitas. It had a bit of a ranchera sauce (ask for more to dip) The shrimp was cooked well as well.  Peppers and onions had a nice char and seasoned well, no white raw onions or peppers to be had. The beans were a surprise as I don't normally like beans but forgot to ask for all rice. These were flavorful beans though, similar to my moms/grandmas style, similar to that deep porky flavor Leticias has which is the only other place I really enjoy the beans at. Service was good. He was friendly, he did our special substitution request with no problem and he was on it with drinks and checking in on us. We also had a drink spill and he got it cleaned up in a jiffy as well. It may not be the most loved of places, but it was actually pretty good. Our friends have been here enough times that I trusted them to try it out and ended up enjoying the meal and being ridiculously full. Per their advice though - go for the fajitas, but the other things they've had were just OK.
3	Honestly a 3 1/2 star rating. Minus points for hostess stand. Two young girls that seemed like I was burdening them for a table. Other than that service was above average. My son forgot his hat and the waiter ran it back to us. His recommendation of the steak/shrimp speciality was delicious. The steak was cooked perfectly, the shrimp was tasty although one was randomly drenched in salt. Overall 3 1/2 experience.
3	My GF was craving Mexican and wanted to gamble so we found ourselves at the Silverton and patronizing Mi Casa Grill.. Staff was top notch. Quick to fill drinks and keep your complimentary chip basket filled. The menu seemed a little weak. Mostly just your basic Mexican fare and nothing screamed out "I'M SPECIAL TRY ME!"My GF tried the Steak Fajitas and was upset that they had poured a tomato/basil sauce over everything. This is a Mexican restaurant not an Italian one so I can understand her confusion and disappointment. Management came over right away when they saw her frown after tasting the sauce and offered to remake the dish for her. She declined, scraped off the sauce and dove right in. Turned out the sauce is fairly new on the fajitas and many people don't like it. (Why is it still being served that way would be a good question for the kitchen manager)I had the seafood enchiladas. They seemed a bit off visually and even a little disappointing that they were using micro/extra small shrimp. After a few sample bites to reassure my tastebuds I liked the dish I ended up cleaning my plate.They don't make the guacamole at your table but from the taste and chunks found in your order it does appear they are making it fresh in the kitchen it wasnt the best in Vegas but I'd give it top five for Guacamole. My only complaint on the Guacamole was that I had to share it with my table.All in all we will give it another try should our taste buds crave Mexican and we find ourselves inside of the Silverton Casino but we won't be going to the Silverton specifically to eat here.
4	The old menu and old recipes are back and so are we!!  We were so happy to hear that the food had returned to its former glory after the dark days of Mi Casa's ill-fated menu change. We were also very happy to walk in, be seated, and see Cameron walk up to us already knowing our order even after 6 months away.  There is a reason why we love him above all others.  He has a fantastic disposition, promptly refills drinks, is friendly to our kids, remembers our order and always has something nice to say every time we see him. Service with a smile?  Yes please!  If you weren't a fan of the menu change, go back and give Mi Casa's another try, and ask for Cameron!
3	Food was ok.  We had a group of 5 and the orders were as follows: 2 orders of fish tacos1 tortilla soup and house saladTaco saladShrimp fajitasGreat portions and reasonable prices for them.  Service was slow though.
5	We've been meaning to try this place.  Greg was our waiter and we were very pleased with the overall service from the staff.I had 2 Pork and one Carne Asada taco without onions.  I was a little disappointed by the Carne being dry but... eh. Wasn't our waiter's fault.  The Pork tacos on the other hand were just DELICIOUS with the little chunks of pineapple.  Never thought those two combinations would be so amazing for my taste buds.  DEFINITELY GET THE PORK!  We'll be back for sure and our comps are good here.
5	The chips and salsa are good, the hot salsa is the best part.  Very flavorful.  So far everything I've tried has been good.  The Machaca Beef Enchiladas are excellent.
4	Very good Mexican food! and reasonable price!
3	Mama Mi Casa! For one of the most visually stunning restaurants I can think of, the subpar service speaks volumes.I've been here multiple times, and usually eat at the bar but have eaten in the dining room. The menu has a nice vairiety, and prices are reasonable. The chips and salsa is very good, and one of my faves at any Mexican restaurant. I recommend the steak & shrimp,the avocado fries and the desserts. Be prepared to wait, to get drinks, and usually to order.
3	Service was very good, our drinks stayed full, and the waiter checked on us to make sure everything was good. 5 stars for serviceThe avocado fries my husband liked, I thought they were blah.Chips and salsa was plentiful, but salsa was watery and chips too salty.We shared the fajitas for two. The chicken was really good, I thought the large shrimp were under cooked. I could've said something but just didn't want too.Nothing exceptional about the meal other than service was up to par.We will probably be back, had the tacos before and enjoyed them.
2	Two stars only because of the staff, otherwise would be 1 star for no wait to  be seated. My chicken tortilla soup was EXTREMELY salty, the red wine was so watered down that it was near transparent, my mother got the wrong dressing, and why why do they water down the salsa so much that it's like vaguely seasoned water? Free is no excuse, everything served should be up to reasonable standards....but at least the waitress was nice.
1	My wife and I are regulars to the casino and thought we would have some Mexican food. Big mistake, the waiters were nice and we got seated quickly. While waiting for our order I noticed that a table across from us was getting served, they showed up 10 minutes after us! My wife ordered a taco and refried beans. After she drained off all the liquid from the taco she found that her beans were cold and had zero flavor. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and the chicken tasted like they came from a can of chicken noodle soup and was mushy because it sat all day in a pot of water. Was not happy with the meal at all. I could have gone across the street to taco bell and got a better meal
1	Ordered two of the same meals and my taco was not what I ordered. My friends taco was so spicy it burnt her mouth. Mine was so spicy I ordered milk. My carnitas taco was full of grittle. Wait staff tried to fix the issues but they can only fix so much. If you like super caliente food, then this place is for you.
4	We went on Tuesday Taco night and sampled each of the $2 tacos they served and they were so tasty I ordered a second round. Nice atmosphere since we were one of only three or four tables seated so it was quiet. May be a different vibe on a weekend night?
5	Ambiance, service and food is great! They have the best chips and salsa in town! I had the queso for an appetizer and it is out of this world. I also ordered the chicken fajitas which had a great flavor and the best in Vegas! I will definitely be back.
2	Gave in and tried this place again......disappointed again. Beans still cold, no flavor, our neighboring tables that were seated after us received their food before we did. Will not be coming back.
4	I have had both good and bad experiences at this restaurant.  The food is above average, but poor service negates even the best quality food.  Fortunately, Kevin was my bartender on what would have been my last day there.  He "gets it" when it comes to serving., better than anyone in Silverton.  Even if it's busy, just greet me and say you will get to me soon.  I have sat for over 10 minutes without any greeting, with the bartender serving peuple right next to me.  And check to see if everything is all right after you get your food and start eating.  There are more points, but most of all be consistent.  I know I can bring a date or buddies when Kevin is on, and have a pleasant experience every time.  I usually go to Mi Casa a couple of days mid week, and he's at the Shady Grove lounge on Fridays.
4	Food was great. Steak and chicken fajitas and carne asada steak-both well presented and delicious. Service wasn't 5 star but we are in a casino.  Getting seated seemed difficult with only ourselves and another waiting. Overall we will return.
5	This was our first time at Mi Casa.  The restaurant is just beautiful!  The chips and salsa were great as the salsa had a lot of flavor.  I ordered the shredded beef enchiladas and will tell you that they are some of the best that I've had!  I will definitely return to this restaurant for the good food.  Service was a little slow, but was not bad in any way.  We enjoyed our time here very much.
5	I've been here four times and going again this week.  Haven't been disappointed yet. Even tried their $10 weekend lunch special...chicken nachos.  Was going to order something else with it since I saw it was also listed on their appetizer menu but the waiter advised me not to.  It was Huge!  My wife and I couldn't finish it.  Blue Moon beer was great and seemed like it just came out of a freezer.  Never once had a bad experience with the wait staff. They seem to go out of their way to please.  Once my 'free' chips seemed a little leathery and they quickly brought me out a new batch.Oh, and great decor.  Never get tired of looking around.We used to go to the Mexican restaurant at the Southpoint but this place, located in the Silverton Casino, is heads over heals.
4	Excellent happy hour daily 4-7pm with half-price beers and $2 street tacos. Everything was great and they even had all the games on TV.
3	Let me start out by saying the chips and salsa are very good.  Thin, crisp chips, corn and blue.  Three different kinds of salsa.  The hot is just hot enough, green salsa was great, mild was perfect for my husband.  We ordered the chicken and shrimp fajitas which were very tasty.  I had started to rate it 5 stars on the quality of the food alone, however, we saw our waiter ONCE when he brought our meal and then never saw him again.  We had to hunt him down to pay our bill.  I'm disappointed.
4	My husband doesn't overly like most Mexican food so it took a lot of pleading to give this place a try instead of yet again eating at the Sundance Grill.  So glad we did. Better everything. Love the three salsas and chips. The smokey flavor of the habenero salsa is only downgraded by it not being quit hot enough. My mushroom enchilada was great. Meaty portabello mushrooms with a complimentary sauce. Have had both the Spanish style rice and the cilantro lime rice, both were good not too dry. On our recent visit we had a table of 6 with 4 needing to make a plane not long after dinner. Our server was great in not dawdling on anything while also not rushing us. Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the surprisingly poor margaritas. I have twice tried the Cadillac on the rocks. Both times tasted like seawater. Others in our party went for the blended standard margarita and none cared for it. Complaints ranged from too sweet to too thick and tasteless. Everyone was very happy with their food though.
1	First off, I have no complaints on the food. I come here a lot becuase its a nice cheap dinner after I play the tables for a bit. I usually visited Mi casa at least once a week. But now I will never go back. I went last week with my sister to grab some tacos. When seated we noticed this couple seeting near us just staring and acting extremely strange, almost as if they were drunk or on drugs. My sister and I started to feel harrassed by this couple. Come to find out that this couple actually worked at the restaraunt. When I told the manager Deb about our experience and how we were being harrassed she offered no apologies and questioned us as if we were being too sensitive. Meanwhile the employees who we were being harrassed by Cameron and Talia were continuing to laugh at us. I will not only never be back at Mi Casa but I also have no desire to ever play at the silverton again. Do yourself a favor and go to a station casino instead.
5	I was there for my first time on Friday and I must say it was a great experience. Sindy took care of me and my boyfriend at the bar and even had us order a huge 10 dollar margarita that was made to perfection. I was very pleased with the food and service.
4	We are locals and despite the large selection of Mexican restaurants, we dine at Mi Casa at least three times a month. The ambiance is wonderful, the staff are friendly and welcoming, you can feel it the moment you arrive, We usually start with cocktails at the bar and Cindy makes amazing Margaritas, she's friendly and pleasant.After seated at the restaurant, our usual server is Fernando, incredible server, remembers what we had last time we dined and always offers recommendations and we usually go with what he recommends. The food, as authentic Mexican as you can get in Vegas, never disappoints. We always have a wonderful experience here and  looking forward to coming back.
5	Consistently the best Mexican food in Vegas in a gorgeous restaurant!  The beef enchiladas with red sauce are my favorite and a must try.  Great prices, fun atmosphere and good service.......consistently!
4	I came into Mi Casa with my Husband last week and we chose to sit near the bar to watch the game. The bartender walked by the table numerous times to talk to other guests, I didn't catch his name, but Talia came over and greeted us with a friendly hello and a smile. She is VERY pretty and upsold us some on great Cadillac margaritas! The busser Robert brought chips fresh and hot. He then offered waters which my husband was very pleased with. Talia came back to the table and offered appetizers which we declined. I ordered the "Rancho Del Sur" and Talia talked my husband into the seafood enchiladas which were to die for.  We really enjoyed the service and the food. Talia and Robert were such dolls and made the experience worthwhile. We will try to return to Silverton on a weekly basis. THANK YOU
5	It's been a while since we've eaten at Mi Casa and this past Friday was just as I had remembered it... First off, this restaurant is beautiful. I couldn't help commenting on the decor while dining. As we know, however, decor is nothing without the other two components. FOOD : I ordered the combination beef enchilada and tamale. Very good ! My husband chose the fish taco and ground beef enchilada ( not too many places offer a choice between shredded and ground beef) . Also very good ! SERVICE : Outstanding !  Our server was very attentive .  Ex. Keeping an eye on our iced tea glasses and bringing refills without having to ask. I love that ! (I wish I would have noted his name to credit him in this review.) .... All in all a 5 star experience.
1	DO NOT GO IN ON A SATURDAY NIGHT.Bar seating was full so we chose to wait 20 minutes for a table in the restaurant. 40 minutes later the hostess sat us in the back of the restaurant ( even though open tables were available towards the front where the tvs were. It took our waitress a heavy set Mexican woman 15 minutes to approach the table.We attempted to make happy hour which is from 4-7 everyday. I ordered the house margarita at 6:53, the waitress than informed me happy hour was over. I was upset due to the fact I waited 40 minutes for a dirty table now bad service?we argued about the time and she then stated that if I wasn't willing to pay the full price for the margarita she would bring out waters instead? WATERS?I asked if there  was a manager I could speak to, and she told me Gina. Which I then inquired about speaking with her. She scurried away I assume to locate the manager. When the waitress came back 10 minutes later she exclaimed she was unable to locate a manager. WHAT IS THAT ABOUT? My husband and grand baby decided to get up and leave at this point. No service from a "manager" no drinks, and no food. Extremely dispointed we love gambling at silverton and hope the place isn't going under due to unequipped so called managers.CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE.Sticking to the coffee shop from now on!
5	After jumping around experiencing other casino based mexican joints, Mi Casa wins the Sombrero for BEST IN CLASS MEXICAN!  You can't beat the value of $2 street tacos, and happy hour prices on food all the time at the bar.  This is our go-to mexican food place.Service is what it is, not great, not terrible.  Equal to what you would find an any other casual dining establishment.  Food is fairly consistent and a great value.  We haven't had anything we disliked.  While not the most authentic place in Las Vegas, its definitely very solid mexican food.  Will continue to go back on a regular basis.
2	Wow, I rated this restaurant previously as 5 stars as it was every time we went.......until this past Sat.  I had my beef enchiladas which I always get here, and they were incredibly skimpy on meat!  There was one little piece of meat in the middle of each tortilla.  I would have added a picture, but didn't want to embarrass them too badly as hoping this was on off day for them.  My husband tried the steak fajitas and that was a complete joke!  NO seasoning at all, bland steak with large cut up veggies with cold tortillas.  Sorry, if this is the new way they are cooking at Mi Casa, we will not go back and certainly will not rate them more than 2 stars.  Let's hope if they have new cooks that they get them trained QUICKLY before this place really sinks!
5	Chef Antonio is the best thing that's happened to this place....out of this world....
4	I have been here many times over the last few years and am finally getting around to a review. I love the free chips and salsas they offer. The chips are usually warm and the servers are pretty good about keeping everything full. Most everything I have tried has been pretty good to great except the fish tacos. They were just bad.. Bad fish, chewy and bland. The coupons Silverton offers is a bonus too. :)
1	I would rather eat at Roberto's.... The food simply tastes like garbage.. Prices are way to high for their low quality food
4	The food was way better than I expected. I've eaten here once before a long time ago but didn't remember it being as good as it was. We sat at the bar for a couple of drinks. The micheladas here are DELICIOUS!!  I'm not sure what they do differently, but they're so good. And at full price, they're only $5, but we were here during happy hour so they were $2.50 a piece. That's a win!We wanted to get a table but the hostess told us there was a 15 min wait, and after 20 minutes we decided to just get food at the bar. It was weird because it wasn't even busy. Our bartender was awesome though, so it all worked out. He gave us chips and salsa to start, but the chips were a bit stale. I got the "pick 3" combo of a carne asada taco, carnitas taco, and machaca beef enchilada. Everything was so delicious.  The machaca beef is like barbacoa and it was my favorite.If you want to just hang out at the bar and have a decent meal and great drinks for super cheap, this is a great place.
4	We've been here several times over the years. The food is always solid. I don't think I would call any of it exceptional or over the top awesome, but we've never had a bad meal there. We will continue to go back when in the mood for good burritos, or fajitas, or whatever looks good on the menu to us that day. I'm also a fan of their hot sauce that comes with the chips, and if you're there early enough a few half price margaritas for happy hour always hits the spot!
4	I came here for my birthday dinner while staying at the Silverton. My main goal was to enjoy a few margaritas. We decided on a pitcher of margaritas and I am glad we did. The complimentary salsa and chips came out quickly. Our service was friendly and adequate- they were very busy with a loud crowd of people but were able to handle the small tables of customers as well. Dinner was hot, flavorful, and made to order. I loved to atmosphere and the decor. I could have done without the TVs but I know that a lot of people want to be up to date with the scores. Good place for a large group or a romantic date.
3	A little pricey the area-- over all the food was yummy.  Our service was slow on a not-so busy night.  Be sure to try the sangria!!  It's delish!!
5	The tacos are the best. The guacomole is very flavorful, but the chips shouldve been crispy- they were dry.Overall, I would recomend this restaurant.
3	My boyfriend and I have eaten at this place a few times now.  We usually sit at the bar and enjoy a pitcher of margaritas.  The service can be hit or miss.  Our first time in we really enjoyed out service and the next few times we were a bit disappointed.  The Silverton is very close to us, so eating at Mi Casa is an easy place for us to stop in... we love to enjoy our food, although we do not always have huge appetites, we usually start with an appetizer to share followed by one of two small street tacos.Overall, this is a convenient place to stop in, the value is good, the restaurant is clean, and plenty of tv's for watching sports.... we will be back to visit!
2	I dine at Mi Casa a few times a year because it's convenient and they run great specials that are constantly changing. The current deal is $10 for 3 tacos and a house margarita. Having said that, it's just not that great of a restaurant. First off, the space is huge. The decor is beautiful and the atmosphere is fantastic, but the cavernous space is so big that most of it goes to waste (I've never ONCE seen any activity in the open tortilla kitchen; the place just gave up on making fresh tortillas. Sad). They always clam to have a 'wait' even if only a few tables are full. I think this is a casino ploy / policy so you'll drop some money in the slots while you wait. Don't plan to have a quick meal here because the service is notoriously atrociously slow. I'm talking waiting 15 minutes to be acknowledged, not getting refills on your drinks, and sitting around for 20 minutes after repeatedly asking for the check. This is, sadly, the norm at Mi Casa. I don't know if they don't have enough servers or what, but I've never had good service at this restaurant (and I've been dining here since they first opened)! The food can be hit or miss. As with most casino restaurants, the food is really overpriced. Expect to pay $15 - $18 for mediocre fajitas with tiny portion sizes. I've had good meals here and I've had awful meals here. The kitchen does appetizers well so you can't really go wrong with the queso, avocado fries (one of my favorite menu items), chips with salsa, or simple fare like cheese quesadillas. I'll continue to dine at Mi Casa because I know how slow and poor the service can be and I can plan for it. Go for the specials because they are a great value. Just be prepared to sit and wait...and wait some more.
1	The decor is is beautiful.   But that's about it.  Service here is horrible,  everyone is so unhappy.   If you are unhappy , you shouldn't be in this industry.   All I had was a sangria (which the server never asked me which one I wanted) and old chips and salsa.   Never again.
1	The worst service and food I have had In quite a while
2	I didn't have high hopes for this place based off the cafe in this casino but I was extremely surprised by how amazing the food was at this Mexican restaurant. First, we ordered a pitcher of cadillac margaritas which was great to see on the menu. Then we ordered a couple variations of the street tacos, all were good, the mushroom enchiladas and the shrimp and crab enchiladas, both of which were absolutely amazing and had the creamiest delicious sauce, yum! Even the salsa served before our meal was incredible. The service was great and the food was reasonably priced, we will be back here for sure!So we came back for a second try and iPad to change my rating to only 2 stars. From the beginning things were a bit off. We asked for a booth and the hostess took us into the restaurant, there was an open booth being cleaned and she said that we would have to wait 10 minutes. Um, why!?! So 10 minutes later we are seated in that exact booth that was being cleaned. Okay, let's get some food. I ordered the mushroom enchiladas and seafood enchiladas that I ordered last time. Let's just say the chef had to have been someone different from last time or extremely hungover. There was no love in this food. There was minimal sauce (last time there was a lot) and both enchiladas just tasted bland, little flavor. There was such little sauce that I asked for a side of sour cream (which the meal comes with) and was told there would be an up charge. Lovely. The carne asada street taco for $2 was better than anything on my plate. All in all, not sure if I will give this place another chance as the food was absolutely boring.
4	As an update, unfortunately I can no longer state that Kevin provides exemplary service.  I guess it should raise a red flag when someone asks you to rate them on Yelp.  Yesterday's excellence can be today's deterioration and letdown.But the food is as good as ever, and arrives timely, which is great for me.  Almost all servers make a good effort ti take care of you, so occasional mistakes can be ignored.  I'm there to relax and enjoy myself, and if something isn't right, simply speak up!
3	I am absolutely shocked to have gotten such a great enchilada at a casino restaurant. I didn't share tonight as I felt a bit greedy as I missed eating lunch today to take the kiddos to see Santa at bass pro.  But wow I am trying to find mushroom enchilada recipes now.  Great flavor in the sauce and great flavor in the carmelized onions and sliced portobellos.  Also got a cheese enchilada that was set with a green sauce which was tasty not the best I've had but not a red either which was what I ordered.  Now the rice and beans were very boring.  However the salsas they provide are better than 99% of the salsas I've had from around town.  Again I am shocked at the food we got here.  Almost makes up for the service which was slow except when it came to the check it was brought the moment I was done, I was first.  It was a few single parents and we were pretty quiet considering there was a screaming baby not too far away.  I felt we were rushed out of there and considering they didn't refill the salsa for a third time it was time to go.  Good was great service was not but I would go back.
3	We came here for my bf's holiday work party and got the whole pace rented out. I didn't have high hopes for this spot since they only have a 3 star rating on Yelp. Since it was buffet style, we got to sample a large variety on their menu.I didn't have anything to drink from the bar, but I heard the drinks were good and strong. For appetizers we had taquitos and empanadas. I love fried food so I was hoping that this would be good. The taquitos were crunchy and had a good flavor to them. I enjoyed these a lot with guacamole. The chicken empanadas weren't so good. The chicken was really mushy and it was filled with this weird tasting sauce. I didn't know empanadas were supposed to be wet inside. For the main course we had beef fajitas. This was actually pretty good. The meat was tender and had a good amount of spice, but not burn your mouth hot. Their tortillas were warm and soft. I think I ate 3 of them. The rice and beans were typical, but edible. The steamed vegetables were way over cooked and reminded me of baby food. I was really excited for dessert since I have a huge sweet tooth. When they brought out the churros, that was the highlight of my meal. These were solid churros! Deep fried, sugary goodness. Overall, this was better than I had expected. I don't know if I would come here again on my own, but I wouldn't be opposed if someone else picked this spot.
5	My favorite! ...margarita on the rocks awesome.  Servers are friendly...and if you are a regular here they already know what you want!  The plantine/banana desert is my favorite.  Even if it's not in the menu, they still make it for me! Mi Casa indeed
