4	On par with Glass Nickel, nice 'fancy' pizza.  Try the Roman Candle: banana peppers, a spicy sauce, and sausage.  Tasty stuff.  Really more things in life should involve banana peppers.Delivery and eat-in available though I haven't checked out the location yet.
4	I can only give Roman Candle 4 stars as it's a pizzeria, and it is my conclusion that it should be judged on its pizza.  Its pizza rates a 3.5 star at best.  Not bad, but not anything out of the ordinary.  That said, it rates higher for me for the amazing salads and the comfortable environment, it doesn't feel the need to give you sensory overload, except where smells are concerned, and, in a restaurant, that's a good thing.  I enjoy sitting outside and it's within walking distance of my house, so it's a tasty, affordable dinner.  All in all, it should be a 5, but like I said, the pizza's nothing extraordinary.
5	Great Pizza (disclosure, I used to work there) but to me the true standout is the Roasted Red Pepper Tomato Bisque soup....it is unbelievable, I have to have some every time I'm in Madison.  Hoping to see a Milwaukee location someday!
3	I don't understand the idea of banana peppers on pizza.  On salads and sandwiches yes, I understand this concept but on pizza I don't.  We had the "Roman Candle" and the banana peppers were just way too overwhelming and so was the aftertaste.  My pilsner was great and the service was good.  I will go back because I definitely want to try their Margherita pizza.  I hope it's better than the RC.  As of now, the pepperoni and mushroom pizza at Natt Spil is still my favorite.
3	Good pizza, great soup.We had a amazing Roasted Red Pepper bisque. It is the house soup, so it is available every day. The soup has a deep roasted, complex depth that is sometimes difficult to achieve. It is thick with a course puree of savory vegtables.  It is served with a rich swirl of cream on top. It comes with an  breadstick, perfect for soaking up every last bit of soup.  I love pizza and rarely find on that I don't like. So of course, I like the pizza. It has a thin crust but not too thin. It is soft with a little crunch. Not remarkable in flavor-somewhat bland. I have had the greek, firecracker, and the BBQ chicken pizza. My favorite is the Firecracker. I love the yellow peppers and the spicy sauce. The sausage is a perfect addition. The BBQ is similar to Glass Nickel, with generous chunks of chicken, red onions, cheddar and a thick BBQ sauce as the base.  The greek pizza has large chunks of feta-but not too much, kalamata olives where a great addition. I love the little table that flips down from the wall to put your pizza on-saves table space. When not in use it becomes part of the "Jetson-like" decor. Very cleverThe service is prompt and friendly. We came in 30-40 minutes before closing time-no attitude from the waitress and we didn't feel rushed.I have dined in Middleton once an d Willy st. twice. I think the food was better on Willy street. Service in Middleton was excellent.
4	I adore the fact that you can get big slabs of buffalo mozzarella on these pizzas.  I think everyone's quality of life would improve if they had more pizza with fresh mozza on it.  ;)  I've had a custom pizza with said mozzarella, and the Pestoral at the urging of my gustatorily trustworthy boyfriend.  Both were excellent, though the Pestoral was pretty darn greasy (it is pesto, after all).I'm not very fond of the pizzeria's layout nor the tables that aren't along the wall.  It's always crazy busy, which is why I haven't gone more often.  Plus, it's pretty expensive for pizza.  Still, it's delicious and worth trying!
3	For lunch I had a caesar salad that was good but the lettuce leaves were the bitter outer leaves and the dressing was so-so - and this is why I marked it as 3 stars and not 4. The pizza was very good - mozzarella cheese, kalamata olives, and fresh mushrooms. They could have been a little more generous with the toppings, but overall it was very good.
4	I've been here twice, and I was impressed with their pizza both times. The dining environment is cozy and laid back. The service wasn't the best, but the pizza was ready really fast and was delicious. My fiance and I shared a pitcher of good beer and two large specialty pizzas, and had plenty to take home for leftovers. I like their vegetarian selections.
5	Best pizza I've had since moving from the East Coast.  My personal favorite is the Roman Candle, but I swap jalapenos for the sausage.  Love the Firecracker sauce!  I love the opportunity to make my own pizzas - or at least tell other people how to make them for me!  The gorgonzola salad was great, but I don't recommend the bleu cheese puff pastry appetizers - very oily and without any zing.  Good beer and wine selection (for it being a pizza place) and Chocolate Shoppe is the only kind of chocolate ice cream I eat.
4	I had the Animal Lover's pizza while I was there. It was delicious! Everything tasted very fresh. Having red peppers (instead of green, which is what I normally get on pizzas) was a great flavor. The crust was very tasty -- sort of hand-tossed type.The only complaint I have is that it was pretty cold inside -- I'm sure it is because Wisconsin weather is just like that, but having some sort of barrier for each time the door opens so that a gust of cold air doesn't blow in would be great.
2	In the mass-dating phase of pizza ordering as a new Madisonian, I met up with Roman Candle's for a quick fling.  Unfortunately, my first impressions certainly will not leave me in the mood for a second outing any time soon.  My hopes started out high, as my pizza and salad were quickly delivered by a friendly delivery girl.  Unfortunately, this turned out to be the highlight of the experience. The meatball sub pizza I ordered was no better than bland, with even the "(lack -of)-seasoned meatballs" tasting like mere lumps of meat.  The spinach salad fared better, and was more along the lines of decent.  Not bad, but not exceptional either.  I may have allowed Roman Candle to scrape by with 3 stars as a result, but I simply can't justify the price they charged for my box of sauced-up cardboard.
4	pizza crust that isn't too crunchy and isn't too soft is hard to come by, but Roman Candle does it just right.  add a very expansive menu and a nice location right in the middle of Willy Street and this is a great place for those nights when you don't feel like cooking (especially with delivery, carry-out, and eat-in available).  atmosphere is a bit bright and boring, nothing to show off to friends, but everything above certainly makes it a fantastic back-up place when you can't decide what you feel like eating.
3	As a Chicago girl, I know a thing or two about pizza.  While Roman Candle does some things well, I had a few issues.First, the delivery was fast, free and the delivery guy was super nice and professional.  The pizza crust was a good balance between ultra thin crust and deep dish.  They don't go too crazy on the toppings and the menu gives tons of options for specialty pizzas.However... the pizzas arrived, how shall I say... less than hot?  Kinda luke warm.  And just so you know, when you microwave wood fired pizzas, they lose their magic.  Also, Roman Candle is on the pricey side.  $31 (plus tip!) for two medium pizzas seemed a bit excessive.Perhaps next time I'm in the area I'll try dining in.
4	With the Roman Candle, you get what you pay for.  It's pricey for the average college student or grad student in this town, but gives you real bang for your buck with all of their pies.  Also, they do have some monthly deals that make eating there more worth it (like free icecream with your purchase, or garlic bread, or even 25% off offers).  I wasn't as impressed by their salads, but that's not really why you go to a pizza place anyway...  Their interior has a warm and friendly atmosphere that's good for families and others. Best pizza I've had in Madison.
2	I had a very bad experience with rude staff. :( I visited for the first time during lunch on a weekday. We walked up to the counter and asked if we could see their slices. She snapped back as us, saying they're not like Ian's. I have never been to Ian's... Once we got that all behind us, we ordered a slice from the MENU, and it was pretty fab. The crust was the perfect crispiness, though a little dry, and the sauce had great flavor. Unfortunately, it might take me a while to muster up the courage to give Roman another stab...
4	We liked this place, and I think we almost loved it.  It was packed on a weekday night and we were lucky to get a seat.  Kind of cramped, but not in a bad way.  Makes the place feel festive and happy.  It also goes with their bright color scheme.  We ordered- A medium cheese pizza- A large garden saladWhat we thought-Pizza:    Very sweet sauce.  Crust on thin side, but not crisp or crunchy.  A little leathery (that sounds gross, but 'chewy' doesn't seem to do justice).  We enjoyed it, but probably because we both a little drunk by the time it came out.  (We started on the salad.).  Overall, not great, but very edible.  In retrospect, we probably should have went for some toppings.  They've got a whole bunch of them, like artichoke, roasted red pepper, banana pepper, bacon, goat cheese, broccoli (ew!).  Garden Salad:    fresh.  typical assortment of greens (don't remember what kind), carrots, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers.  We both really enjoyed the Italian dressing.  It's a sweet vinaigrette style dressing, with some kind of herbs.  Very tasty.
1	I'm sad to say that I was very disappointed with my second visit to Roman Candle.  We were seated right away, and we got our drinks, but then we just sat there for nearly 20 minutes without getting waited on AT ALL.  The place was not busy, and many servers walked past us and repeatedly and totally ignored us, despite obviously seeing us there with the menus right in front of us.  I tried making eye contact, and servers were obviously pretending not to notice us there.  We thought it was just totally rude and unpleasant.  During the whole time three servers were sitting about 15 feet from us, rolling silverware, and chatting.  This is a very small restaurant, and when you are sitting there and everyone else around you is getting their food, having the servers come and ask how everything is, and you're right next to them and are being totally ignored, you basically feel like crap.  They did not charge us for our drinks, given the long wait.  However, the manager did not personally make any attempt to apologize or explain the situation to us.  The message was relayed to us via a server.  That was the last straw.
4	Ok, so it's the Thursday before the Fourth of July weekend, we snuck out of work a little bit early, and were in the mood for some good eats, good drinks, and good atmosphere.With my heart still crushed that Pavlov's had apparently closed-up shop, my friends tried their best to lift my spirits by introducing me to Roman Candle Pizza on Williamson.  I've long been a fan of the Williamson Street area, and since I had to take my bike to Cronometro (review coming soon!) for service, it was the perfect opportunity to see if the Roman Candle could carry the Pavlov's torch for me (ick, bad pun, I know).We dropped off my bike and headed down Willy street to Roman Candle, where we were promptly greeted by a very friendly server.  She invited us to sit "anywhere you'd like," so we took a seat outside.  She dropped off menus and took our drink order - a pitcher of Spotted Cow, please.  Wisconsin folks, please don't ever take your microbrews for granted.  Having lived in WI for almost 30 years before moving away for nearly 10 and just recently returning, I can't emphasize how lucky us cheeseheads are to have such a wonderful selection of brews.  Head south, and you'll really appreciate WI - all they have down there are dry counties, and such delights as "Shiner."Anyway, back to the experience.  Our pitcher of beer arrived, and as we were pouring the first glasses, the server suggested we try the garlic bread.  Who were we to argue?  We still needed some time to browse the menu, so we ordered the appetizer and pondered the prolific pizza offerings.Let's start with the sauce options - firecracker?  Sounded interesting.  Pesto?  Always good.  Regular?  Might serve as a fine yardstick by which to compare against others.  And then there are the toppings - wow - talk about selection.  From asparagus to banana peppers to chicken and so on...  We simply couldn't decide.So, at the last minute (and after having consumed the wonderfully crisp yet chewy with just the right amount of butter and garlic bread), we decided on a: chicken, mushroom, and bacon pizza with firecracker sauce.  After a second pitcher, our pizza arrived, and it was simply magnificent.  The folks here know how to make a good pie.  I think Wisconsin, in general, is under-rated for its pizza prowess.  I've been to a bunch of pizza places since moving back here, and most have been good; Roman Candle is great.  The sauce had just the right amount of kick; the chicken was moist and "pulled" - it wasn't your typical chunked/cubed breast meat that you find everywhere else.  The mushrooms appeared to be cremini, and had never been near any type of can or jar.  We gorged ourselves on the pizza, ordered another round of beer, and called it an afternoon.  I'd call it a perfect afternoon - sun, great food, great beer, and Willy street.  Ahhh, Wisconsin - it's so good to be back.
5	Awesome pizza!
4	I meant to review after the first time we tried this pizza - a few weeks back - but this weekend we tried again! Very tasty and good pizza. The sausage is our favorite though - great flavor and taste! First time through we tried the "Roman Candle" pizza with the spicy sauce and the banana peppers. My wife loved it but I thought it was a bit hot overload. I liked the peppers - but with the spicy sauce I thought it was a bit much. Second time thru we had cheese sausage and mushroom. Very yummy and a good value. We dined in the first time and it was a fun cozy atmosphere. Service was good and friendly - only problem was my soda tasted funny, but they replaced it without question. Second time we called in a order and picked up. The wait was a bit excessive since I called before driving down and we don't live that close. Should have been done when we arrived - and it took another 10 -15 minutes. It was the weekend though and they were busy. Overall, very good pizza. . . and a nice change of pace if you are sick of the same-old-same-old.
4	The Candle has some awesome pizza combinations, and I love their thin crust!! The veggie pizza was delicious with the fresh spinach and basil shredded over top, yum!! Another up side was ordering by the slice, nice if you're not hungry enough for a whole pizza but still need to feed the craving.
4	We were served quickly.  Got soup, a slice and a beer - it was the perfect lunch for a blustery day.  Plus their lunch time deal is for a soft drink, but our server counted the beers as our soft drinks which was a pleasant surprise.  I was diggin' the Michael Jackson on the stereo as well.  Seeing that this place is about fifty feet from my house I know I'll be back.
3	People in Madison are suckers for buzzwords like, "Local," "Organic," "Sustainable," and "Environmentally Friendly." Unfortunately, these words don't add up to a great product. When I want to eat, I am eating for taste and for the overall general satisfaction one has when enjoying a meal. Unfortunately, these buzzwords don't necessarily insure a better meal, because in the end I am eating food, not a concept. Their pizza's are okay and a nice alternative to Glass Nickel's doughy pizzas, but their appetizers (the breadsticks and the philo dough stuffed blue cheese/shallots) left so much more to be desired - but such is the dining environment in Madison... where people will overlook mediocre quality and embrace an establishment because it only really feeds the customer's sense of altruism, masking the fact that the product isn't really anything spectacular.
5	Our pizza of choice in Madison, which has many fine pizza choices. We go here quite often and also order delivery. Love the garlic bread and we always get the P-P-Pepperoni pizza - three different kinds of pepperoni and it is perfection. Love eating in as well - can get kind of crowded but the atmosphere is great.
5	Great pizza, atmosphere, and beer
3	I was torn between two and three stars here.  I gave them a generous three, because they have the ability to be great, they just aren't. First, lets start with the pizza.  I've never had it by the pie and if they make their pies from scratch when you order they're probably great.  They make an excellent NY style crust and their sauce is perfect.  They have a number of specialty pies on the menu and a great selection of toppings if you prefer to build your own.If you're ordering by the slice, you can add any toppings you desire.  They pile them on a pre-made slice of cheese and reheat it in their oven.  Now this is how most NY style pizzerias serve up slices, but there's something about the way  Roman Candle does it that just doesn't turn out right.  I think they overheat them - either when cooking them the first time or when reheating, or both.On three recent visits to the Willy Street location:1. I ordered a slice to go.  When I got it home (about a three minute drive) and opened it up I discovered that the cheese was basically rubber.  Definitely overcooked and inedible.2.  Last week I stopped by for a couple of slices.  I was planning on dining in.  Now, when you walk in there's no information on whether you should seat yourself or wait to be seated.  No one greeted me, so I went to the counter where there were a couple of people ahead of me.  When I was greeted by the woman at the counter she took my order, then when I explained I wanted it for here, told me that they have table service but she took my order there anyway.  I added a tip onto the charge slip, before I had actually received any service - which was clearly a bad idea.OK, I grabbed myself a cup of water (from the service area, I'm pretty sure) and took a seat.  After waiting at least 20 minutes and seeing the couple that came in after me receive their food I flagged down the waitress and asked if my slices were done.  After mumbling that it was probably taking longer because she had taken my order at the counter she went back to the kitchen and reappeared a moment later with my order in a to-go box.  It had been sitting completed for who knows how long, waiting.  She did ask if I wanted a plate instead of the box since the kitchen had packaged it to-go, but I didn't see the point by then.  One slice was nicely warmed, the cheese still somewhat gooey, while the other was a bit overdone.  Both were a little on the cool side at this point.3.  A couple of days ago I decided to give them another try.  They're kitty corner from Mother Fool's coffee house, which I love, so I was in the neighborhood again and hungry.  Again when I entered, no one greeted me.  I once again walked up to the counter, hoping to score a seat, but when no server appeared after I few minutes I decided to seat myself.  After waiting in the booth for another few minutes, a server came by to inquire if I was dining in - looking a little confused by my appearance.  Once we got that squared away she was very attentive.  My slice appeared quickly, once again over-done, with the garlic clumped in small mounds across it, not distributed evenly.I keep wishing the pizza/service could be better - with their crust and sauce they could really shine!  Sadly, that hasn't happened yet.
2	I have heard so many good things about the Roman Candle, so I finally decided to go outside my comfort zone and try a new pizza. I ordered the veggie animal lover supreme, and I wasn't really that impressed. While the service was fine and the delivery was fast, the pizza itself failed to deliver. It wasn't that bad, but it definitely was not good by any objective standard.The sauce is interesting, and has a strong sweet flavor, but it really just didn't work for this particular pizza. I don't like the taste of sugar mixing with my veggies. However, the veggies themselves were nothing to brag about either. They were undercooked, leading to fried onions that weren't caramelized and all other kinds of soggy crap. This is due mostly to the fact that the vegetables had become saturated in the grease from the mozzarella cheese. Any idiot who makes pizzas for a living should have anticipated this happening when you're using fresh cheese. They could have thrown the veggies on halfway through cooking, and/or cooked them separately. Instead, they clearly cut corners, and I'm left with shit. They also put an obscene amount of basil leaf on the pizza, which fortunately was not as soggy because most of it burnt up into a flaky black powder. Who would have thought that a dry leaf can't withstand 30 minutes in a 400-degree oven, right?The cheese was great, and it's such a shame that it had to come out the way it did. Aside from destroying every topping it touched, it wasn't melted enough. They're clearly using fresh mozzarella - the kind that comes in a ball floating in water/oil. But they don't know what to do with it. You can't just slap a bunch of that shit on a pizza crust and call it a night. It's disappointing because their pizzas could be so much better if they had a staff that actually knows how to make them.Speaking of the crust...the crust just infuriated me. I love crust. I will eat leftover pizza crusts when I don't even know where they came from. It is no doubt the best part of the pizza. And yet on this pizza, I fucking threw them out. Unbelievable. Even dipping them in ranch couldn't save them. The crust - in fact, the entire dough part of the pizza - was dry, burnt, floppy, and tasteless. It was too thin to support the pizza and had the consistency of a shredded tire. Yeah, their dough may be home-made. But home-made doesn't mean anything if you don't know how to make it in the first place.My girlfriend hates pizza, and the one time we actually agree to order a pizza, I get this unacceptably bad pizza. Thanks, Roman Candle, now I won't be eating another pizza for a long time. I suppose it's my fault for thinking I should try something different from Glass Nickel for a change.
4	Used Yelp to find this place as we were driving around town late night looking for some pizza. The place had a good vibe to it, good pizza, large slices. The bread sticks we got as a starter were really good.
4	I've probably eaten Roman Candle pizza at least 20 times.  It's a good place to go for a low key dinner.  They have a lot of interesting topping combos you can get and the crust is thin and crispy.  Their salads are good as well.  I like the house salad, which usually has some nice veggies as well as bacon and blue cheese.  They usually have some pretty good local beers on tap.  It's not the cheapest place in town, but I think you get what you pay for here.  Also, delivery can be a little iffy.
4	I truly enjoy this place, nice atmosphere, great beer, many, many different pizza topping choices. We had the Veggie Animal pizza and it was excellent.
5	I used to make roman candles for the 4th of July celebrations. (you need 4 or five soup cans, a can opener, some gasoline, a tennis ball and a match.)   Now I need to shoot one off for this restaurant!  Stopped by to patronize Roman Candle for their stance on the union busting bill and their concern about being a part of the Wisconsin Restaurant Association.  Boy am I glad I did.  The pizza was delicious and I plan to be back.  Thanks to Roman Candle for having a conscience and for making some very good pizza.  Your get an extra star for your work and support of the protesters.
3	The Roman Candle is a cool pizza joint with friendly service. I had a 12-inch "vegan destroyer" ($14) which was a simple pie covered in spinach, mushrooms, pine nuts and pureed red pepper. It also featured the shop's signature "firecracker" sauce which is a tomato sauce spiced up with chipotle.The pizza was tasty but, at $14, pretty expensive considering the small size. I finished off the whole pizza with no difficulty.Also, given how hip and funky this place aims to be, it surprised me that there are no vegan cheeses or vegan mockmeat toppings offered here (how about some Daiya vegan cheese? Or a nut cheese, like the "rinotta" offered at Pizza Luce in the Twin Cities? Or some phony pepperoni and Gimme Lean vegan sausage?). Roman Candle is missing out on serving its vegan and vegetarian customers better; moreover, no other place in Madison offers any of those items, so Roman Candle could fill a great niche.Also, there are no vegan desserts, which is amazing given that they serve ice cream from The Chocolate Shoppe (which carries at least two vegan ice cream flavors at its downtown Madison branch). They could also source some of the amazing vegan desserts served at The Green Owl or the Willy Street Co-op, both just down the road.The service was really friendly, though it took a good 20 minutes for my pizza to arrive, even though the place wasn't busy when I visited.All told, Roman Candle is not bad, but they could easily improve themselves by adding some vegan options.
1	Wow. What a disaster. Let us start with the help. The help clearly is arrogant, and go out of their way to give off a vibe of 'I do not want to be here'. We were seated inside, and we only saw our waitress 2 times. We guessed she stopped caring about us since we did not order drinks nor soda - we just had water. No drinks = lower tip = ignore this table. What was she doing  all of this time? Her face was stuck to her iphone, texting away or whatever. Now for the "food". The good part - it was edible, and we did not get sick. The bad part - the 'pizza' was disgusting. We both ordered a simple Margarita Pizza. It took 45 minutes to get this pizza to us. FORTY FIVE minutes - and this was not at lunch rush or at a packed dinner time. The 'pizza' was soggy in the middle, burnt on the outside crust to the point where when we tried to pick up a slice, the 'crust' would vaporize in a puff of charcoal like dust. The cheese was almost nonexistent on the pizza. One tiny quarter size patch of cheese. Totally absurd for the price they charge. We told the waitress that the pizza was undercooked in the middle, and showed it to her, and all she said was 'This is how we cook it here'. Wow. Being from New York City, I know pizza sauce. The sauce they served us was NOT fresh - it clearly had the canned taste. On top of all of this, this restaurant is not even part of the Restaurant Association anymore - a critical mistake that we only found out after wards online. We are all for a second chance, but we will NOT be giving this place a second chance due to the fact they seem to be calling it in and are in a 'do not care anymore' mode. We also chose to not give the waitress a tip, and we clearly explained to her why this was so. She could care less, and became visibly agitated when she found out she was not going to get a tip. We eat out very often, and in the past year out of eating easily 100 times out, this was the first time we chose not to leave a tip. I have no idea what is going on at this place but if they keep up this level of 'service' and 'quality' they will be going out of business in no time. Unfortunate, because we support local businesses. But we cannot in good faith support a bad business even if they are local, just to preserve a local business.
4	If I've learned one thing about Madison pizza, it's that the topic is a polarizing one. There's a lot of reviews here that note the uneven-at-best service. While I've definitely had some sitting and waiting in the dining room experience, their delivery has been uniformly pretty darn good. They're reasonably fast (I usually hear 45 mins to 1 hour on the phone and receive a pizza in about 30 minutes), bring a hot pizza, do cash or charge at the door, and - in the time or two when there have been questions about my order - they've called to ask rather than deliver something I didn't want.Their thin-crust pizza is good, and they provide a ton of topping options from the mundane to the bizarre. Glass Nickel has a similar variety of toppings, but I can never get past the fact that their pizza tastes mostly like bread to me. Not so with Roman Candle. The toppings are fresh, their fancy ingredient choices are worth it (my husband adores the three kinds of P-P-Pepperoni), and I appreciate that they don't pulverize their pizza veggies. For instance, the green peppers on the animal lovers' pizza retain a bit of crunch. Love it. Perhaps expected with a wide variety of fresh local veggie toppings, their salads are top-notch, too. The spinach salad with strawberries, walnuts, and blue cheese is one of my faves in Madison.A few things that leave me divided about whether this should be a 3-star or 4-star review: (+) They have lots of veggie and vegan options and are quite accommodating about substitutions and diet restrictions. (-) Their pizza is more than a little on the expensive side. Truly. (-) As such, I've been frustrated since they changed their policy on half-and-half pizzas: They used to happily make a half-and-half with two different specialty sets of toppings (my husband's an omnivore; I'm mostly-veggie), but no longer. But (+), I love that they stuck by their politics and supported the protestors by withdrawing from the Walker-supported restaurant board.
4	Cool place in Madison!  Great pizza and beer selection.  Cool, neighborhood vibe to this place too with friendly service.
4	For healthyish parents and kids, college students with a better palate than most, and those who like local.The waitstaff is attentive and ready to help.I enjoy this place more than Ian's Pizza for the flavor, freshness, and clientele (read: no one is drunk). I like the idea of Roman Candle in that it gets ingredients from local places and gives a unique pizza-eating experience. I would recommend this place for a first date because it is cute, not so inexpensive (so still impressive), and has beer.As for the best pizza in Madison, I would say no. Sometimes the pizza is rushed and the ingredients aren't "all the way there" in quality.
4	I ate there on a Friday night and we had to wait more than 45 minutes for our pizzas.  The pizzas are great, but their Spinach salad (get it with beets) is outstanding.  The bottom line is that they use good ingredients so the food is good, but don't expect to get in and get out within an hour on a weekend.
5	This places has some of my favourite pizzas in Madison. I would highly recommend it to all peoples, even vegans! The fun a friendly staff are always up for a good laugh. They have always responded to my hilarious delivery requests, frequently creating works of art (see pizza box pictures for more details). 5 stars easily earned.
4	This is probably the best pizza I've found in Madison so far, and probably the best pizza I've had without a brick pizza oven.  I love the quality, local ingredients that they use and the service is always friendly.  This is my go-to pizza place in town.
5	Best pizza I have had in Madison. Try the original "Roman Candle." Very friendly and fast delivery.
4	My favorite pizza in Madison. Great list of toppings. Good beers on tap. I would not order this for delivery, as it is best when hot, so EAT IN. People complaining about the service need to relax or assert themselves.
2	I was excited to try Roman Candle because I've heard good things; however, I was underwhelmed.The pizza was ok. I ordered the Roman Candle, which seemed like a good staple for a first try. The crust wasn't anything to write home about. Bland, no flavor. The fire cracker sauce was decent, but not as spicy as I thought it would be (although, being from Texas, I have a high spice tolerance). The toppings were sparse, only 2 pieces of sausage on average per piece!Overall, mediocre. Will I ever find a good pizza place in Madison???
4	Very good pizza for Madison! Real pizza, too, not that cracker-like crust that seems to be prevalent around here. Great toppings, fresh, good sauce, salad was also good, reasonable prices, excellent service.
4	Yummy pizza, friendly people. Yay!
5	This review is of the Roman Candle's excellent bartending service at my recent wedding reception at the Children's Museum.Cameron and Alejandra were absolutely GREAT to work with. They knew that there were restraints on what they could offer set in place by the venue and were sure to communicate this with me up front. Any time there was a concern or question, I was contacted.The day-of service was nothing short of amazing. The bartenders were not only friendly but fun! I enjoyed chatting with them and they seemed to be enjoying themselves. Even thought we totally over-ordered on beer, they did try to arrange a way for us to use it (sadly, we were leaving on our honeymoon the next day, so it didn't get used *sob*sob*). Great service, great people, and decently reasonable catered bar charges (which are always silly pricey no matter where you go). I heart you all, Roman Candle. You're aces.
3	They make a decent pie. Interesting combinations instead of the usual fare. The price, I think, is about $5 too high for what you get, but it is fairly tasty.
5	I love this place!  My husband and I frequent RC because it is in our 'hood.  Their pizza combos are fantastic, we especially like the Algo Malgo.  The tap beer is rotating and good selections.  It is also just a fun, cozy environment, we love hanging out here on Friday nights or in the evening after work.
4	So thankful that they had a vegan option. And man was it GOOD!
2	Roman Candle and Glass Nickel are constantly competing against each other. They're both quite popular. They share another trait, too: neither is very good.Roman Candle approaches pizza with a half-assed attempt at gourmet pies. Very, very expensive gourmet pies. Pizzas are often too thick and undercooked, toppings are thrown on in an uneven manner, and the crust is terrible.I give them two stars, solely on the basis that they use local ingredients. But, as far as pizza quality goes? No way.
4	My middle name is pizza...or at least I wish it was!When I first moved to Madison, this was one of the first places I ate at.  I wasn't disappointed :)  They have really quirky pizza selections, which can be fun to try every now and then to spice things up (particularly if you're a pizza addict like me!)  However, you can order whatever kind of pizza you want if you're not into trying something different.  The Roman Candle was tasty, but beware of the peppers if you're not into spicy foods.My middle name is also ice cream and they have that here too!  The espresso oreo is the bomb.  Be sure to join the birthday club so you can get a free beer on your special day.  Make sure to get the Spotted Cow!p.s. The music selection is rad--the waiters/waitresses seem to make up their own mixes which can then be enjoyed by hipster/punk/nerdy customers like myself.
4	Vegan Destroyer... you've destroyed my notion that pizza places can't get vegan pizza right. Our server (vegan herself!) said that it was the real deal and she nailed it. Spinach, toasted pine nuts, green olives, red onions, red pepper puree, & fresh basil... stop me now. Ben and I split a large (our server recommended bigger is better for two since it's a bit less sumptuous without cheese), which was perfecto. Good selection of tap beers, I got Capital seasonal and Ben got Bell's Two Hearted. Tip: Get the spicy fireworks sauce. Firey explosion of flava in your mouth.
5	I have been to the Roman Candle a few times recently, and this is not the standard pizza place with their local ingredients and awesome pizza combinations.  They always seem to be coming up with new things, the latest additions to their menu are new coulis, though they call them drizzles or something silly.  They have a spicy pineapple drizzle which is my favorite it is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy.  Their crust is amazing, I absolutely hate thicker crusts and they have nailed it perfectly.Be warned though if you call for delivery or dine in on a Friday night they can get pretty busy and backed up but once your pizza arrives it's well worth the wait.BBQ Chicken - My Favorite
4	My husband is from New York and went to college in New York City so he is super super picky about pizza. He thought the pizza was pretty close to New York pizza. The Mac and Cheese is nothing special and dry. I love the fact they use local ingredients and care about the environment. Willie Street is such a fun place to be in Madison. Fun to sit by the window and people watch while enjoying a slice of pizza.
5	Though it's doubtless that The Roman Candle (TRC) has many delicious offerings on their menu, in my visits to the Willy Street location, I have never been able to get past the pizza. Their pizza is scrumptious, addictive, and just short of intoxicating. A magic balance of flavorful crust, sauces and toppings has been achieved. The incredibly rich, cheesy, and unique Alfredo Pizza must be tasted to be believed. And, I am now a believer...especially in the efficacy of using fresh, local ingredients to craft extraordinarily delicious food.In my visits to TRC, I usually include the Triple Pepperoni Pizza. This pie is a carnivore's delight. It sports three different kinds of pepperoni which marry to give this pizza a savory meatiness that I've not experienced elsewhere. With gastric juices now flowing at Warp 10, I usually round off my gluttony with two scoops of Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream--all of which gets washed down with a Sprecher's Root Beer. However, a number of local beers and wines are also available.I'd be remiss in my review of the Willy Street TRC if I failed to mention their friendly and attentive staff. Food is prepared in a timely manner and tabled according to the customers' wishes. In my visits I have never been greeted by anything less than a smile and a cheerful attitude. The combination of tables and booths is adequate and the overhead music is kept at a comfortable volume. Prices are moderate.I plead guilty to ignoring other menu items that have been given the same artisanship afforded the pizza. However, in future visits, I hope to try some of TRC's non-pizza offerings.One of the greatest pleasures of the human experience is to eat. Don't risk denying yourself the pleasure of The Roman Candle.
4	I'm a HUGE fan of the Vegan Destroyer. I'm also a HUGE fan of chicken. What do you call chicken on a vegan pie? A Vegan Destroyer Destroyed. (Say that ten times fast.)I've had RC delivery before and I've always been impressed with the fact it's piping hot when it arrives. Granted I live 5 minutes away, that might have something to do with it, but I think most folks in my hood know RC as a solid delivery place but don't think to dine in. (It's bigger than you think.) So go there, take a seat! Staff is friendly and prompt and when they have the patio setup in warmer months, it's awesome to sit outside on Willy with a cold beer or glass of wine and watch the world go by. It's also worth noting that although pizza is the name of the game, these guys have incredible starters too, the asparagus being my favorite. AND their new house-made salsas are pretty hot. I mean, Paris Hilton hot, and also spicy. Dip some Potter's crackers up in there... it's a beautiful thing.
5	Now that I'm living in the neighborhood, I've ordered from Roman Candle a few times. Every experience has been 5-star worthy!Friendly folks answer the phone; the food is ready quickly; delivery drivers are prompt and courteous. I love this place (even if I'm steadily outgrowing my pants)!!!!Thanks, Roman Candle - you guys (and gals) rock!!!What's that, you ask? Oh, ok - my favorite order is: large pizza, fireworks sauce, sausage, red onion, mushroom. I'll take two if you're buying!
3	Ordered the hot hawaii or whatever it's called. Spicy and delicious. The pizza itself was fantastic. My order of asparagus... not so much. For five pieces of aspargus (that had half the stalk cut off), I paid $5. Which really is WAY too expensive for what it is.
1	I ordered 5 large pizzas to be delivered at noon and was told that would work when I placed the order at 10 am.  As 15 people were getting very hungry as it was 12:15 and no pizza, I called to find out about our pizzas.  The person told me that the pizzas were ready, but that the only delivery person had a flat tire and it would be at  least another 30 minutes (the troops are getting restless by this point) before they could deliver them, but that the pizza were ready.  So, I then decided to pick them up.  When I arrived! I was told that the pizzas were still in the oven and it would be another 10 minutes.  This was one of the worst customer service experiences I have ever had!  I would NOT recommend ordering.  The pizza itself was fine, but this completely ruined our office Christmas party.
4	Love the unique pizzas!  Being the first time, we had to try the Roman Candle.  It was delicious, but I wouldn't have minded a little extra kick.  A bonus for parents with young children:  they have toys for little ones to play with and entertain themselves with!So glad we finally tried this place out!
5	Great food, family friendly restaurant
4	I came here with my sister on a weekday and it was satisfyingly awesome.  The owners are super friendly.  There was torrential downpour outside and as a few people ducked under the building's awning to avoid the rain, he went out and invited them to wait inside. They have a lunch special that runs pretty late into the afternoon and you choose two of pasta, pizza, or salad and a drink for 7.50.  Also from 3-5pm, their pints of beer is only 2.50.  Lucky for us, we were there right at 3pm.  We split a 12 inch "The Professional" specialty pizza and it was delicious.  The jalapenos gave it just a bit of a kick, but not too much.  I loved how green the pizza was with the broccoli and jalapenos.  The crust wasn't too thick nor was it cracker thin.  It was a nice pan style thickness with a bit of chew.  The 12 inch with 2 beers was the perfect amount of food for us.  The atmosphere is charming and friendly.  I'd love to find another weekday afternoon to chill here for beers and conversation with a good friend.
1	This was the worst customer service we have experienced in a long time. We waited an hour to receive our pizza. During that time 5 other tables who ordered after us received their pizza. A manager refused to come talk to us, and our waiter was a jerk. The pizza tasted just o.k.  Not a lot of flavor, and no crisp to the crust at all. Not worth it at all.
1	The customer service here is awful. Ordered a pizza for pick up, guy on the phone said it would be half an hour. Upon arrival to pick up our pizza - forty minutes after our order had been placed - they told us they thought we had ordered delivery, but our pizza would be out in "one" minute... another THIRTY minutes passed and our pizza was finally ready. Obviously they didn't start our pizza until we had arrived. Nothing was said to us throughout our wait at the restaurant,  and we were given our pizza along with a fake apology for the wait and nothing else was offered... Roman Candle pizza, if you want to successfully run a business, get your customer service issues worked out... PS. the pizza deserves a 3 stars rating - bad service absolutely ruins a customers experience at a restaurant. Looking for pizza in Madison? Please go elsewhere. These people don't deserve your money.
5	The best pizza in Madison!! But I may be biased, since I live less than a block away :)
4	I usually order the pizza for delivery, and I'm surprised by the comments about poor customer service. I can, however, tell you that the delivery staff is always very nice. Perhaps the nicest delivery drivers I've ever dealt with. I've also never encountered any issues with the website or delivery of my pizzas. If they say it'll be an hour, it's about an hour.The ingredients seems to be of a very high quality. We often get a Big Boom, which is a build-your-own option. The chicken is really tasty, and as I mentioned, seems to be good quality. No mystery meat here. The pizzas just always taste really great.I have ordered quite a few pizzas from the Willy location, and have dined at a couple of their restaurants and have always had a great experience. Some of my favorite pizza in Madison.
4	Came here with my Aunt while we waited for my cousin at the salon down the road. Sat down in the less busy pizzeria and the waitress got our order right away. A Miller Light, an Oberon, and some cheese bread. The place has a funny smell to it, like a sour laundry smell. But if you're in there for as long as we were (about 2.5 hours) you get use to it. The staff were more than pleasing and great. And the food was pretty good! Giving 4 stars because of the smell.
4	This pizza joint is a people pleaser, and they've definitely pleased me.My party settled on the Algo Malo pizza, and it was very rich and delicious. A little heavy on the arugula, but that's an easy fix. Split between three people, we were still able to take a piece of the large pizza home. The prices are a little high, but manageable compared to their competition.The service while dining in is very, very friendly so that is a huge plus. Even despite being busy with a near full house, the phone ringing off the hook inquiring orders, and only one oven working, nothing felt rushed or lackluster. I really appreciated that.Another positive is that their menu is very flexible to their patrons wants and needs, be it substituting a certain kind of sauce (they have like 4?) or customizing your own pizza.
4	I gave this place another shot, and I'm so glad I did. First, the smell that I previously mentioned...was gone from the little pizza parlor.  Secondly, I had a pizza this time!Our group first started with the roasted broccoli and parmesan plate, which was super fantastic. For our meal we got the Algo Malo pizza. Which reading what was on the pizza and seeing it had beets on it, It was a little off putting for me. But it took us probably 15 minutes to decided on a pizza, so I figured I'd give it a chance.I was not disappointed, I couldn't really tell that the beets were on there, so it worked for me.  Plus I had a puddle of sriracha on my pizza slice that I'm sure helped mask the taste of them. Our server (same as last time) was great, she helped us decided on a pizza, and suggested the one that we got and said it was a favorite among other customers. She was very attentive for being the only server in the busy restaurant with people coming in out for to-go orders, phones ringing off the hook, and them only down to one stove. The service, and the pizza really make this place awesome. Just be aware that you will be spending quite a bit on a pie as ours was about $23.00, but you definitely get what you pay for!
4	I think this is the best casual pizza option around. I don't even see the comparison to Glass Nickel, but maybe I've just had bad experiences there, food and service-wise. You can't go wrong with the Roman Candle menu item itself -- great pizza! The vibe is chill Willy St and the service is more quirky than anything, though I guess I can see how people have had bad experiences. (Sometimes they take away my fork after the appetizer.) Just be proactive if your server does something silly or you need their attention. It's part of the charm. I love the place, so I'm more willing to be forgiving, I guess. Keep that good pizza coming.
5	After hearing wonderful things, my husband and I tried Roman Candle on Willy Street for the first time this evening. We both loved the thin crust and fresh ingredients. We ordered breadsticks to start. They were good, but the real star was the delicious marinara dipping sauce. We got the margarita pizza with artisan pepperoni. Delicious! Also loved the San Pellegrino on the menu. We'll be back!
3	The pizza is really good, the ingredients are fresh! The pizza has a thin non-greasy crust that reminds me a lot of a pizza place I used to love in college. My only complain is that I've been here twice and had my order screwed up both times. They get an A+ for being apologetic and for making it right and quickly but it'd be so much better if the pizza came out right the first time, I will be back again and am hoping the 3rd time is a charm!
