4	I like Zipp's! Their burgers are DELICIOUS. The Jalapeno Chicken Burger is a personal fav, and their Sweet Jalapeno Sauce is heavenly. I actually enjoyed the side salad I got - but then, I can drench Balsamic Vinegar dressing on anything and it'll probably taste good. Wings are yummy, too. Waitresses were all really friendly. Oh yeah, and I guess you can watch the game there, too. Sorry, forgot to mention that -- honestly not a big fan of watching sports, I'd rather play them, if anything, but yes, while I was in Scottsdale I started craving that Jalapeno Chicken Burger. YUM.
3	Tabletop version of shuffleboard (well it's close) is the main reason we come here for drinks and decent pub fare.  Service is usually decent, fried food and burgers are above average, and prices aren't terribly bad for Scottsdale.  Recommend: onion rings.
3	I went to Zipps last week for a dinner/happy hour.  I'm pretty sure this was the first time I've been to any of the Zipps, though I've known about them for years.  I liked the atmosphere, plenty of tv's all over the place, showing a nice variety of games.  I did not like the stools that were at the tables in the bar...seemed like the footrests were a little bit too low to be comfortable, at least for me.The drink specials were great.  I had a 32 oz beer (of which there were several draft choices) for something like $3.25...what a deal!  Waitress service in the bar was attentive...initially.  A couple of people ordered some food and I told the waitress that I was still looking at the menu and that I'd order when she came back.  All of the sudden she disappeared, and I didn't see her again until she was serving the food to the other end of the table.  Just weird, since it seemed like every two minutes she was checking on our drinks and seeing if we wanted food initially.  I ordered a Zipps burger.  For my side I got half & half.  I love the half & half option, so I don't have to make that oh so difficult choice between fries and onion rings and get the best of both worlds.  Everything I got was good, I wasn't blown away, probably the best food item was the onion rings, which definitely appeared to be something made onsite.If I could give half stars, Zipps would get 3.5.  But I can't, I'm going to round down.  I may go here again, I may not.  I liked the cheap beer and abundant tv's...all I need to do is figure out how to get there during happy hour with a game on that I want to see and a driver and I'm golden!
4	Some things are so tasty that when you go to a restaurant, you simply must get them, no matter what.  The onion rings at Zipps with the sweet jalapeno goo fall into that category.  If you go to Zipps, you can get really good burgers, foccacias (really they're wraps) and some damn good french fries.They serve beer for cheap and have a bunch of TVs.  This particular location has a savvy young waiter named Danny who kept us happy in terms of drinks, shots, etc.  Well done, sir.The greek salad is mediocre, I would pass, especially since you don't go there for the salads.  You go there for the... say it with me...onion rings with sweet jalapeno goo!  trust me.
4	The 4 stars is based on this place as a sports bar. I am not saying the food is as good as other places I have given 4 stars. That being, said I love their Monaco Focaccia! They also have good onion rings, their fries aren't great, but I don't mind them. And this might sound weird, but they have great bleu cheese, I say this because a lot of smaller type restaurants have very bland bleu cheese. As a place to watch sports it has a bunch of televisions and they are always good about letting you know which game will be shown where. The service is always quick too, which is important when you are trying to drink and watch a game.
5	We take our family here nearly every week. The food here is great, and the prices are very reasonable. Our favorites include the Buffalo Chicken focaccia (as someone else has mentioned, this is really a thick-breaded wrap), the burgers, the onion rings, and the fries. The best item on the menu, though, is the fried cheese stick appetizer. They wrap the cheese in what appears to be wanton skins and fry them up - amazing.As sports bars go, this isn't the place to watch every detail of a big game. However, they have lots of tvs with a good variety of sports on - more of a diversion than the actual main event of the restaurant.In all, this is our favorite local restaurant.
2	Very simple, the food wasn't very good. I had the BBQ Bacon Burger - if there is a BBQ Burger on any menu I have to get it - its a personal gluttonous rule for myself. The meat here wasn't very good at all but to top that, the BBQ sauce wasn't very flavorful at all either. The only good part was the onion rings, but everything seemed to be sitting in grease just a little bit too long like the grills and deep fryers need to be cleaned or something.
2	CONS:1.  Food was passable.2.  Mediocre selection of anything other than domestic macrobrew.3.  Service needs SERIOUS help.   The three times i went, the waitresses and front door staff had the charisma of a dejected Hot Topic cashier.  Hey, I'm here to drink beer and run up my cholesterol, let's be happy, ok?PROS:1.  When there are better draft beer choices, they certainly have the size advantage.2.  The seem to handle large crowds fairly ok.3.  Lots of promise when they tighten up their menu and improve the beer selection.
3	I think Zipps is alright. I fully remember this being the only decent restaurant near where I lived in North Scottsdale, so it was this or nothing.Food here is good, though they messed up my order and put sour cream on it...ew. But that's a common error, whatever.I'm not really a fan of sports, and it was loud in here, (which is to be expected), so that's not particularly my taste. However, I found it to be staffed with friendly people, which brings it from 2 to 3 stars in my book.
4	Zipps has and awesome happy hour special. You have to try the zipparitas for only 3 bucks a piece. They limit 3 per person but that's plenty for one person. The wings are tasty, meaty and cheap! Outdoor seating is nice even in cooler weather. There's a big fireplace to huddle around along with heat lamps in the ceiling. Our waitress was a sweetheart!
3	Great environment loud, fun, lots of TV's. Great bar area. The food is only so so. Other then the wings nothing I have had to eat there has impressed me. The focachia sandwiches that they seem to push are unimpressive. If your primarily interested in hanging out and having a good time this is the place for you, if you are going for the food go somewhere else.
3	I've ventured here many times for lunch and always sit at the bar.  The service has always been pretty delightful.I seem to always find myself getting the turkey chili, LOVE IT!!!One night, for dinner, I got a bowl of turkey chili and it was nothing but turkey, zero broth.  I ended up packing it up, taking it home and making it a sandwich, gooooooood!!!  And, it's only $5!BUT, went there last week and we stood at the front waiting for a host/ess.  Dude walks past and greets us and keeps walking...  Uh....ok?  Finally, a chick walks up, says nothing, doesn't even make eye contact, just sticks out her hand at me waving a flashing vibrating (what are those things called?), still no eyes...?There are five empty tables by the way.  Uh, woo hoo, hello, chicken?Pointing, there are empty tables....?Now, if looks could kill or if any look demanded your stupidity be made aware of, this was it!  No, those are ONLY for four or more people.Obviously we left and B*tch is lucky she didn't get bashed across the head with that blue light flashing vibrating plastic square brick of a thing (WHAT ARE THOSE THINGS CALLED?)Yes, I'll go back, probably refrain from dinner time though...
3	I always forget to review places that I frequent when they are just part of the neighborhood ... so, here goes!  I've been going to Zipps Sports Grill since it first opened at this location.  The food and drink is solid for a bar/chain restaurant, and the teens seem to like it a lot.  It's not my first choice for a sports bar, but if there's a game on, and we're hungry, it's usually where we end up (if I'm just thirsty, I'll head to another sports bar for viewing!!).The burgers are all very good, and you can order any with turkey instead of beef for a nice twist (the green-chili turkey burger is a great combo).  Their focacia wraps are very popular too (buffalo chicken wrap seems to be a favorite).It can get busy at times, with pretty good waits for a table, but I tend to frequent at more off times when they don't even need a hostess, making it easier.  Lot's of youth sports teams end up grabbing food there after games and practices, adding to the noise and crowd (but, this means it's pretty family friendly too!).
4	I've been going to Zipps a lot lately because of the awesome Green Bay Chili Bowls for $5 and the Green Chili Cheese Burger ($6 on the weekends). The chili ranks up there as some of the best chili I have ever had. There is an equal amount of beef and beans but there are no onions and greenpeppers in the chili :( . The Green Chili Cheese Burger has a roasted Greenpepper slice layed across the top of the burger, making it a very creative and tasty change of pace from the traditional burgers you usually get. I love their fries and they give you a ginormous amount of fries. I would pass on their chicken fingers.But the service is great and there are plenty of TV's where I saw the Cubs spank the Sox today.
2	Atmosphere is OK here, but after a few visits, the food and service kind of sucks. Was there yesterday and the food took a half an hour to arrive at our table. Maybe we had a lame waitress, but this is the second time I've had a lame waitress there. Nachos were just OK, and wings were really good.
5	Zipps is a regular place of mine.  I most always get the Monaco Focaccia.  Marinated chicken breast grilled, melted mozzarella cheese, and ranch dressing. Served with a side of sweet jalapeno dressing for dipping.  You can get it with fresh cut fried, sweet potatoe chips, onion rings or a salad.  I have also had the hamburgers there.  they are very good as well.  I also love their mozzerella cheese sticks.  They are wrapped in an egg roll skin.  They do good take out also.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!! Ive gone in here a few times and every experience is worse than the last. The food is mediocre and always cooked incorrectly. But what always gets me is how absolutely RUDE the waitresses are. I don't know where they find them but they are the worst surly human beings i have ever had to interact with at a restaurant. I could not help but give this place a 1 star because of how horrible I was treated and talked to in there. I will NEVER go back for the rest of my life.
4	I love this place whenever I need a quick bite, especially happy hour!The wings here are cooked to be nice and juicy on the inside, but crispy on the outside! I am a fan of the golden variety, which has the same spice levels as your classic wings, but is a bit sweeter. I'd advise coming to specials, happy hours and select nights, to get a dozen wings for 5 bucks. Sweet deal!The homemade onion rings here are perhaps the best I've eaten, and the burgers are great for a good bite. I don't know about other people, but my BBQ Bacon Burger was cooked evenly to a medium rare consistency, which I liked.The staff is decent, and the time for food and refills is short even on busy nights!I'm not even a sports fan, but I can dig this sports grill.
4	Good burgers &  service.
4	Zipps is consistent. Always tasty bar food, good drinks, shuffledboard and good games.
3	American mediocrity at its greatest.  Zipps is nothing shy of being unremarkable, and yet I have been here to eat, drink, and watch games on too many occasions to count.  Zipps' food is slightly better than your standard bar food, but it is still average at best.  The burgers are okay, but not nearly as good as the ones you could get at In-N-Out or even at Four Peaks Brewery.   Even when I've opted for food other than a burger, those choices were pretty average too.  For a sports bar, I feel as though Zipps should have better fries.  It seems pretty intuitive that if they were to improve their fries and onion rings there would be a profound increase in the number of orders for those items.  Spending three hours in a sports bar inevitably leads to drinking many beers.  If there were good, cheap, greasy food (e.g. fries and onion rings) to sop up that alcohol, Zipps would surely experience greater profits.   F.Y.I. My business skills are available for hire.
4	My new neighborhood Zipps is just as good as my old one (Via De Ventura). The food is consistent, prices are fair, servers are friendly and attentive. They also have dozens of flat screens with all the games. We are lucky to have this location within walking distance.
5	I'm giving Zipps five stars not because the food is totally, unbelievably amazing, but because I go here so much and it's so consistent that it deserves five stars. As someone who will venture into a restaurant strictly for the wings, I must say that Zipps has the hottest, best, juiciest wings in Phoenix.  They're cooked perfectly, sauced liberally and the Golden Hot are seriously something I dream about at least once a week.  I would gladly pay extra for good wings and good service, but Zipps is totally reasonable, especially if you go for happy hour, when the wings are only five bucks and the "Zipparitas" are only three, and they don't skimp on the liquor. I think I've been to every Zipps in the valley and the Scottsdale location has always been the best.  I don't give a shit about sports, but I like to sit outside on their big orange tables and watch assholes yell at the TV's.  The service has always been prompt and we've never had them fuck anything up.  Also, we've never ordered anything we didn't like.  It's bar food, but it's bar food that is done well and that alone is worth the trip.  I always bring out of town folks to this place if they want good wings and beer.   I'm a fan for the wings alone.  Don't order the extra hot unless you want to die.
3	Zipps has good bar food, but the service is usually horrible. The waitresses rarely come to your table. BUT, what really rubs me the wrong way is this....On multiple occasions, when I pay the bill, the waiter doesn't bring me back the correct change. Even if my change is 1 cent, I'm entitled to receive my money back. I'm sorry, but not giving me back my  change because you deem it insignificant doesn't float well with me. They do have great food though.
4	Great neighborhood bar to come in watch any sporting event plenty of tv's. They have the best wings in town. Their burgers and sandwiches are pretty good but not a fan of their pizza.
1	If I was teacher, I'd be the one that starts you off with 100% and you can keep it, or lose it.  There is nothing to earn.  I review similarly.  You start off with 5 stars, you keep them or lose them. -1 Star: The food was not delicious even by bar standards. I ordered the chicken tenders with buffalo sauce. The breading was disgusting and flaking off.  My friend order the chicken tacos, which tasted good, but she ended up with food poisoning later in the day :(-1 Star: The service. As mentioned above I ordered the chicken tenders with buffalo sauce. The server asked me what heat I wanted and I inquired, "How hot is hot?!" "OMG! Hot is really really hot!  I wouldn't recommend it" So I settled on the medium. Turns out we have different definitions of hot and when my chicken tenders with sauce on the side arrived I tasted nothing but bland chicken. Completely flavorless. I didn't want to be a huge ass and send my food back because the server was so completely off with her suggestion so I just asked for a side of hot sauce..........................let each of those periods represent a minute that went by without hot sauce and without acknowledgment. Finally she came by and I again asked about my hot sauce.  She rolled her eyes and kind of huffed something unintelligible (obviously inconvenienced) and started talking to the table next to us..........finally, after about 30 minutes between first requesting hot sauce and receiving, my cold chicken tenders received their compliment. Yes, the restaurant was busy, it was a typical AFC game day. Typical game day, much less busy than I've seen in 100 other sports bars, including ones I've worked at, so sympathic I am not. If your servers can't handle it, staff more on game days. How many people want a job these days? -1 Star: The bill. It is a sports bar with multiple games running all day and without prompting and still a half our beers left, our bill was brought to us. I would have easily done another round but with the amount of time everything was taking and the subtle hint to close out, we decided maybe we should take our business elsewhere. -1 Star: They changed our game to the pregame of another game which without sound, is pretty much was just 2 guys sitting at a desk talking on mute.  I get that this happens at sports bars and I thought the group of 5 guys next to us much have requested it.  Then I realized they were also pissed off about the channel change!  So, why unprompted (no other tables could see that tv) they change a live game to a pregame with no sound, I will never understand.So we are down to 1 Star.  I would've have given zero if I could've.  The final insult to injury...-1 Star: Extra sauce charges. This is pretty trivial, which is why I don't understand, after waiting 30 minutes for wing sauce the waitress didn't comp the $.50. I know how the restaurant game works. You go to the kitchen and ask for a side of hot sauce, especially after you screwed up and took forever.  It does not have to go through the computer. $.50. I ended up being charged for 2 sauces, the medium, which I didn't touch and the hot, which took forever. I would've talked to the manager and got it comped but I decided to take it out of the tip instead...its all the same dollars and cents to me honey so upcharge all you want. I should say I've been to a bunch of other Zipps in Phoenix: Greenway, Via de Ventura, Indian School/36st, never had any issue. They are 3/4 star establishment, good places to drink beer, each average bar food and enjoy a game.   I don't know what it is about this Zipps--the management, staff training, complete lack of customer service. Never will go back.  If you aren't a regular you will have a TERRIBLE experience like I did. Drive the 4 miles to Greenway/64thSt or Via de Ventura, you'll be much better off.
4	I was looking for a place to catch a bball game. I usually goto Four Peaks but this was closer and less busy. The atmosphere is great with pool tables in the bar and flat screens on every wall. The service was great! Drinks were on the cheap after 8pm every day with a revolving selection of  food specials. I decided to order the fish and chips since I was craving them. The fries were soggy and not very good. I was hoping for thicker cut and crispy. The onion rings were very good though, light and crispy. Fish had a little too much batter but was still crispy. Not the best fish and chips but still hit the spot for me, especially with a nice pint. I really like the neighborhood feel to this place and I would definitely come back for drinks. I'd try the green chile cheese burger next time, I've heard good things!
5	best wings in Scottsdale!!! hands down.
4	All you need to know is "pepper jack focaccia" and "medium golden wings."  I just to be a strictly "monaco" guy until they made some additions to the menu.  Their wings are the best in town and I could drink the sweet jalepeno sauce.  The service is not great but their daily drink specials and food make up for it...after all it's a sports grill not a fine steakhouse.
3	Nothing like Zipps! Today, I met up with a couple of old co-workers at this location. We had some cocktails and grub. I usually go to the location on Camelback, but this was right around the corner from my friend's house, so it worked out perfectly. Day drinking is on-point here, if that's your thing. They have various drink specials on Sat-Sun from 11-4. The food, is consistent as with the other Zipps locations (and Goldie's). I had the Philly Steak Eggrolls today, and I was expecting a large serving. It only came with two, so when we left, I ordered a Chopped Salad, which much more generous in size.Service was the only thing bringing this place down a star from it's usual 4-star self. We waited a good 10-15 minutes to get our check. The server was busy serving other drinks, even though she had our receipts ready to go.I'd still come back, because I love Zipps. I'm willing to give it another go, and maybe next time, I will bump it up another star.
3	This is a fun place with very large beers and a yummy (strong) zipparita-in which you can add a flavor to! It does get pretty packed on game nights though, I had a hard time trying to find parking in their large lot when meeting up with a group on a Friday night..head to this sports bar with lots of energy!
5	Fun!  Lively!  Great service!  Sports galore!   The best Happy Hours deals around!  Obviously a well-liked neighborhood hang-out, as the place was booming.  This is a great spot for date night.  One Zipparita and my troubles were gone!  Husband had a specialty burger and fries; I had the chicken tacos (asked for jalapenos and received, no charge)... both meals absolutely delicious.  Will be coming back and bringing friends.
5	Golden wings and the Monaco..need I say more!!! Good place for day or night drinking.. Get there early on game days if you want to get a seat. Great specials everyday. The zipparitas aren't to shabby either. Great local sports bar.
4	My favorite sports bar anywhere.  The layout and screen placements are great for viewing your favorite team.  Drinks are a good value at full price and there are lots of different food and drink specials depending on the day and time you are there.  Food is very good for a sports bar.  Fish Tacos and pizza are my favorites.
4	Been going to this location all football season, every Sunday morning.  Service from Tish is great, she always remembers what we like and how we like it.  Most of the food is good, but the best thing on the menu is the Monaco Foccacia...yummm!!  The jalapeno dressing with it is delish!  The frys have skin on and are usually really greasy.  They almost seem like they are fried in dirty grease, but they taste good??  The wings are good as well.  The Sunday morning specials are great and it's always a good time.  The games are all labeled on each of the TV's so you always know who's playing where, before you sit down, which is nice.  All in all, I'd say 2 thumbs up for bar food!!
2	Nice atmosphere, great service but the food is served too salty and oily.  Anything ordered on the menu that is fried will be dripping in grease. They never drain the fried items. Their fries are underdone, soggy and oversalted.  Their Golden Wings sauce is wonderful but if you want enough sauce to cover the wings you'll pay extra.  In fact, anything you order as an extra (i.e. ranch dressing) will be an extra charge.  For the prices they charge they shouldn't be so cheap.  It's the ownership, not the manager.  All the other Zipps and Goldie's are the same way.
3	This is a solid 3 star review, maybe even 3.5.  There's some things I absolutely love at Zipps and some things I really don't like.Let's start with what I love at Zipps.  All of their wings are really good but the golden wings are some of the best wings I've ever had.  The BLT on SDB is also really really good and what I usually order.  The bacon is crispy and not too fatty.  My favorite thing at Zipps is the onions rings.  They are absolutely delicious and it's worth going there just for them.  They have a ton of outdoor seating which I always like.  The service is also very good.  Servers are quick and friendly and check on you often.What I don't like at Zipps is their burgers.  I know most of you probably think I'm insane because they're known for their burgers but I really don't like them!  They're never cooked properly.  I always order my burgers either medium or medium rare and they always come well done.  It seems like they over-char their burgers too, they always have a strange bitter taste to them.  The chicken fingers are also pretty bad.  They're battered, not breaded and the batter comes out greasy and flavorless.  I think my least favorite item off the menu is their Greek salad.  I really wanted to like it but it was basically lettuce tossed with pizza toppings and Italian dressing.Overall, the good outweighs the bad for me.  I just avoid the menu items I don't like!  Their menu is big enough that you should be able to find something for everyone's taste.
4	One of our favorite local bars to grab a bite and watch the game.  It was my hangout joint during the NFL season this year.  They have a decent selection of seasonal Craft Beer and their Burgers are awesome.  Here are a few items we've had over the past year:Zipp's Wings - $7.95 We get them Extra Hot....and they are extremely hot, but very good!Basket of Fries/Onion Rings/Sweet Potato Chips - $3.25  The Fries are superb.  The Onion Rings & Sweet Potato Chips are "meh"...the Rings are soft/crunchy and don't hold together well.  The SP Chips are only good when they're hot & fresh...after a few minutes they get chewy and don't taste good.Nachos - $6.50  They're ok, nothing special.  Served piled high, it can easily feed 2 or 3 normal sized people.Burgers - $8.49 The 1000 Island is my favorite, sooo good!  The Sweet Jalapeno is pretty good, but not spicy enough.  BBQ Bacon is really good too...a high quality Western Bacon Cheeseburger.  Black and Bleu is awesome too but I have to be in the mood for it.Besides the food and beer there are tons of large TV screens to watch sports.There's no question we'll be back.Return Factor - 100%
5	Excellent service. The manager Shannon was very attentive and the margaritas on the rocks with grand marnier were excellent! Best neighborhood hang out!
1	Horrible service. Had to ask for someone to take our order after waiting 15 mins. Waited another 30mins for food to come out. Salad was soggy. Wish I would have walked to Subway next door.
4	Good burgers.  Good beer selection.  A great happy hour that goes to 7.  What more do you need?My only real issue with Zipps is that they don't have enough TV's for a sports bar.  Sure, you can see most of the big games, but if you're there on a Sunday to catch a random football game that not too many other people want to see, then you may be out of luck.  I also don't get the "window" tv screens between the bar and the dining room.  They're awesomely huge and sharp, but if you're on the bar side, everything is backwards.  It gets very awkward.I love the burgers.  They're pretty cheap, cooked right, and served with a choice of wonderfully greasy onion rings, fries, sweet potato chips, half and half of any two, or a salad.  The focaccias are also also pretty good.  Just a heads up, they're not traditional focaccia.  It's more like a wrap with a pita made with a focaccia recipe.  It's a style that's unique to Zipps, and is actually pretty good, just a little shocking the first time you order it.
4	Great spot.  Friendly bar service, great place to watch baseball or football games.  Pepperoni pizza was amazingly fresh and tasted delicious!
1	My boyfriend and I went to meet up both of his sisters here last night and had the rudest bartender. She must have been having a horrible day but the service industry is definitely not suited for her. This Zipps is a great location but I won't be back after being treated so horribly. We rang up a large tab and I was hoping his sisters wouldn't leave a tip because she really didn't deserve one with all the scowls and glares we received from her. She got her tip but we won't be back. Not a way to treat your customers!
1	Service kinda sucks and the servers are bitchy.
4	I'm not usually a fan of sports bars, but we decided to try Zipps since it's close by. We were pleasantly surprised. First off, the prices are very reasonable. The service was very friendly, and the food was delicious. I really enjoyed my turkey burger. They accidentally brought our food out before our wings, but the manager came and apologized and offered us a free dessert. We didn't even have to complain. And the cookie skillet was delicious, though I personally would like it slightly less cooked. We will definitely be going back!
2	I had the fish and chips for lunch the other day and it was pretty bad.  Part of the breaded fish was over cooked and a lot of the oil found its way into the skimpy pieces of fish.  I wasn't impressed at all but at least my server was friendly.
4	Chicken wings are excellent. Lots of TV's with sports on very un-original. Would be more inpressive if they had a cartoon bar.
3	Met my daughter there for dinner. I couldn't believe how crowded the place was on a Thursday night. There were lots of TV's around showing college and pro basketball. Only one TV screen, that I saw, showed the PGA Tournament at Torrey Pines.Our server, Dana, was excellent. Always checking to see that our drink glasses were filled or checking to see if we need anything else.We started off with their chicken wings which were excellent.I had the BBQ Burger which I ordered medium rare with half and half. The burger was cooked well and the onion rings were limp and tasteless. The fries were also limp, must have been sitting in the basket waiting to be served up. It too was tasteless until I added salt. The bacon was chewy and NOT crisp.But, put food in front of me and I''ll just clean the plate.Price was right. My daughter picked up the tab.
5	Good burgers.  Good beer selection.  A great happy hour that goes to 7.  What more do you need?I love the burgers.  They're pretty cheap, cooked right, and served with a choice of wonderfully greasy onion rings, fries, sweet potato chips, half and half of any two, or a salad.
3	We go to this Zipps when the kids' Little League season starts up.  I don't like the Zipps on Greenway, we had horrible service there and if you get stuck being sat facing their front door when the sun is West, you are screwed.Anyway, their Foccacia sandwiches are soooo good!  I can never choose which one I want.  Their cookie skillet is to die for.  The happy hour is good.  Plus, there are always kids there with their family, so it's almost like all the kids keep each other entertained.  I'm super picky about my cocktails, so if you don't like beer (like me), then you are stuck here.  I ordered a mai tai last night and it was really bitter.  They don't have a blender, so you can't get like a pina colada or anything like that.  My 2nd drink was a strawberry margarita which was okay, kinda salty.  I always feel bad for the servers because I don't think they have set sections and they are always running their butts off between the patio and dining area.  Sometimes if you need something, you may have to wait or the server may come off as irritated.  But I'm a server too, so I understand their pain.  Also, they never introduce themselves.  They get three stars because of the drinks (or lack thereof).  Send your bartenders to a training class!  Or get a recipe book.
5	Great bar food! Excellent fries and onion rings, very good salads, focaccia's and pizza. Good atmosphere too!
2	A group of us decided to meet up and hang out for St. Patrick's Day and Zipps was a convenient place for all of us to go.  It was surprisingly slow for the day but it worked out well for us because that meant lots of tables open for the 10 of us.  However the other usual perk of a slow restaurant, fast service, did not happen.  At all.Most of our group had showed up early and gotten a big table and ordered already so when I showed up with one other friend there wasn't much the waitress needed to do.  She got our drink orders right away and came back a few minutes later to get our food orders.  I ordered a cup of chili and my friend ordered a Chicken Caesar salad, neither of which are items that take a particularly long time to put together.  However after about 20 minutes the waitress came back, not with the food, but to ask what I wanted on top of my chili again.  It had appeared as though she wrote it down when I ordered it the 20 minutes prior but apparently looks can be deceiving.  Then it took another 5 minutes for my chili to make it's grand entrance and another 5 minutes after THAT for my friend's salad to arrive.  Now again, this place was not busy at all!  It should not take 25 minutes to scoop some chili out of a pot where it sits all day and put it into a bowl and bring it to a table.To make matters worse, not only was our server slow, but every time she came around and we asked for something she acted as though we were bothering her.  It honestly was kind of a buzz kill and our table ended up talking about how poor the service was rather than enjoying a fun St. Patrick's Day.
5	Had a fantastic Saturday afternoon at Zipps. The manager Shannon was very attentive and the margaritas were delicious. Ask for the house margaritas with grand Marnier -on the rocks. Best neighborhood bar experience!
4	Recently discovered that they offer FREE WiFi at this location.  The food and service is still the same as my last review, so I'm not going to bother rewriting all of that.  The Wings and 1000 Island Burger are still my two favorite menu items.One thing I like about this place....when you sit at the bar, the bartenders ask what your name is and then they use it whenever they talk to you.  It makes you feel welcome and comfortable.Return Factor - 100%
2	Went in for lunch today and a very small crowd was in the restaurant.  Figured I would get some decent service.  The service wasn't bad, just the speed was a bit below what I would expect with less than 20 people in the place.After the longer than expected wait, I hoped to have a good meal.  The Mushroom Swiss Burger was very dry and lacked in any real flavor.  Made me think that this was probably a frozen/pre-made patty.My wife had the chicken fingers/crispers/whatevers, and they too were very bland and lacked real flavor.  I never expect to put salt on anything in a restaurant as they typically are very high in sodium anyway but I think that Zipps could have used a little zip of salt on their entrees today.  I hope this isn't a regular occurrence there.I MAY give Zipp's one more chance and try something different, but the hamburger and chicken fingers will not be in my radar.
4	This place is RIGHT next to my gym, which is both good and bad for me.  And my waist.So, it's a sports grill.  Don't expect fancy, don't expect life changing.  It is what it is, and it's GOOD at what it is.  The food is not phenomenal, but it's decent.  It's just right for a sports grill.  My personal favs are the chicken skewers, the crispy chicken salad (I have a thing for crispy chicken), and the plain ol' chips and salsa with guacamole. Nom nom!Now, if you are a fan of imbibing (and, I mean, who wouldn't be if you're choosing to go to a sports grill), this place is pretty hard to beat for the happy hour and nightly specials they have.  Seriously, huge beers for 3 bucks a piece, super strong margaritas for 3.50, and vodka drinks for 3 or 4 bucks?!  C'mon!  That's pure gold!  It's a great place to hangout with friends and get quite toasty (if you're into that sort of thing).  Nice service, nice food, a few games, good drinks and CHEAP specials every day.  You should go.  You'll have fun.
5	I lived in AZ for a bit a few years ago and loved this place!  Nothing on the menu is bad.  I especially like their Monaco focaccia, sweet jalapeno dressing, and cookie skillets, but seriously everything was great.  I would be the happiest person in the world if I could get the recipe for the sweet jalapeno sauce!  They also have cheap happy hour and late night specials.  The chips and salsa are awesome!  I would highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
3	For now, they get 3 stars. My burger was ordered medium, got well done. I sent it back and the second one was medium well, third time might have been a charm, but I refused to send it back a 3rd time. Okay, now the reason I gave 3 stars is because the burger was delicious minus being over cooked, otherwise this would have been a 1 star place and a NO RETURN policy for me.As it sits, it's a toss up whether I will ever come back. If I'm in the area, perhaps, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back. Although the GM did give me gift cards for my next return. We'll see!
2	Pop Quiz:  Would you prefer a sports bar, with a lot of beer specials on tap? Or...  a nice restaurant, that has a good beer selection?Well, I'm more in the second group.  Though I do enjoy a nice watering hole.  Zipps however fails the food test.  Well at least last night they did.Yelp'er Scott D and I came here around 5:30 yesterday, to enjoy a cold beer and some good conversation.  I had ordered the chips, salsa and guacamole HH (photo) appetizer for $4.00.  The salsa was a puree of something red and didn't have much kick or taste.  The Guac had an odd texture, with I believe saute onions in it.  Again, no taste, no cilantro, no Pico and nothing special.We did like the beer.  Zipps runs 32 ounce specials for $3.75 on various beers. We had the Michelob and it was great.  We also each ordered some of their pizza wedges for $2.00 each.  The pepperoni was just okay, while the sausage had a faint fennel taste to it.If our food order stopped there, I might have been inclined to give them three stars.  But as we were getting our checks, my daughter called and asked if I would get her some takeout.  She asked for: "Golden medium wings ($7.50) and a order of 1/2 Fries and 1/2 Onion Rings ($3.25) along with some extra Golden Sauce ($0.50)".When I got home, she opened the boxes and we couldn't believe what we were given.  The Onion rings were charred burnt and inedible, while the fries were a cold soggy mush.  The chicken however wasn't bad.So "Two Stars" M'eh. Yes, we've experienced better.  Return factor, Zero.
5	There's nothing negative to say about any of the Zipps across the Phoenix area. Great food, big beers and lot's of sports! This location has a lot of room and the staff is always friendly. This is a frequent lunch spot for me these days.
3	Oh my gosh - the food took foreeever.Doug, our waiter, was very attentive when we first arrived.  Got the drinks, walked by and smiled a couple times, returned when we were ready to order, then disappeared.  He just disappeared!  Luckily, there was a nice "assistant" who stopped by for the refills and let us know our food was on its way.Now, we were not in a hurry, thank goodness, but we arrived at 12:57pm and did NOT receive our food until after 1:30pm...  Give me a break!  There were all of three tables in the dining area and about four tables in the bar area.  Not too busy if you ask me...When the nice "assistant" delivered our food, we were a little disappointed that the food wasn't warm to the touch.  No surprise, right?  The cheese on my burger had already hardened.  But, I'll tell you what - that was one delicious burger.  Not sure if I can credit that to my starvation or if it really tasted that darn good.  Regardless, I ate it with a smile.Oh, here's a funny.  As soon as the food arrived, Doug suddenly showed up and was very attentive again.The Zipps on Hayden is much better overall.  Don't think I'll be frequenting this one any time soon.
4	I was truly happy with the honey balsamic chicken salad last night.   Thank you, zipps sports bar, for making a salad for the after cal ripken baseball crowd that was flavorful and good for you!
4	I was here as the driver for THE COOL BUS AZ (Facebook it) for a bachleors party. The guy played pool on the 2 tables while I watched TV on the many they have. I was hoping to grab a game on the shuffle board but it was filled up and never let up,The server was excellent, She handled the drunkl guys and the regulars with ease. The drinks were priced right. $2,00 pints although my Sprite was $2.50 or so...LOL Beer was cheaper then then soda. They have a great patio and a good looking menu.
1	Typically I love Zipps.  I've been to most of the locations, and the food and atmosphere are always good.  However, I went to this location - on two separate occasions - for football Saturday.  It was obvious both times that they were severely understaffed, but that should never be a problem for a big football Saturday.   One time we waited thirty minutes, ordered drinks about twenty minutes in and never got them.  The second time we stood waiting to be seated for 10+ minutes and no one ever even acknowledged us. I may go back to Zipps, but I certainly won't go to this location to watch a game.
4	Went here for a work lunch with some coworkers last week and we had a good time with fast service and a friendly waitress.  We were quickly seated outside (which we requested) and our drink orders were taken right away.  After about a five minute wait for drinks our waitress returned and took our food order - you can tell she was aware of lunch time crunches for workers with her quick service! Our food came out within about 7-10 minutes and everything was as ordered.I had the wings with a side of BBQ sauce for dipping and they were delicious - I couldn't even finish all of them. I wish that it was an option to have had them tossed in the BBQ sauce instead of paying extra for the side of sauce, but that's my only real offering for suggestion on changes.Overall: A-I'm very sure we'll be back for a team lunch in the future!
4	My recommendations:Golden medium wings, Monaco Focaccia, and the half & half sides of onion rings/ fries.They always run specials for happy hour and depending on the day they have specific plates on specials. You can go wrong with this sports bar. Between all the TV's, great food, and drink specials its a great place to watch your team play!
5	Best local Sports Bar in Scottsdale!  Catch all your sports here and down some excellent bar food.  Did I mention 32 oz beers for the price you usually pay for a 16 oz brusky.  Order the wings, pizza, burger, or(and) BUFFALO CHICKEN FOCACCIA and you'll be loving life in no time!  :)
5	Came in for a quick drink and stayed for awhile and some food solely because of the lovely bartender Jackie (not sure of spelling).Love Zipps, the food, atmosphere, and service are always stellar. Jackie just added to an already awesome experience. Highly recommend Zipps.
1	Brought my folks here from CA. Totally disappointed. Food took over 45 minutes to arrive, and the order was all wrong. We asked for waters three times and never revived them. I spoke with the manager and she told me "I'm sorry" and walked away. I will NEVER come back. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere with better service and food.
1	Man,  we used to loved this place.  But over the past 6 months the food has become nearly in edible.  We have complained and told management, but they don't seem to have the ability to make necessary changes.  I hope that management get empowered to make the needed changes soon or this place will be another vacant building here in north Scottsdale az.
5	I love this place, been here twice for drinks with friends and had a really good time, the inside is very well decorated and feels just like a bar. Definitely worth to try!
5	I know here especially when it's football season. Great buffalo wings... And other food. It's just a great place to go to watch the game drink beer and eat good sport bar food.Service is fast and friendly... It's a big open space with lots of TVsYou really can't go wrong when you want to watch a big sporting event
2	The management at this zipps needs to be more engaged.  If I order take out or eat in, the food is always sitting at the window for long periods of time.  It's not the same experience that I have at other zipps.
3	Good food, not so good service. The waitresses need to SMILE! You would be amazed how much of a difference a simple SMILE would make! Been to other Zipps, they were much better.
1	I only give this place 1 star because zero is not available.  Love their food but today I sat at the bar. Waited 15 min for a beer and asked to see a certain hockey game the second I sat down. Once my food order came they had still not changed tvs. Had to eat my wings standing up in the middle of the bar while the manager changed tvs for 3 or 4 other people. Maybe he is a prick or maybe he's not a wings fan. Either way F this place
1	The salsa has had cross contamination, TWICE now and all the bald manager does is crack JOKES.... DISGUSTING!!!!
4	Good place for casual family dinner when  you want to watch the game. Plenty of TVs. Great atmosphere. We also come here often with sports teams after games and practices. - the do a great job of serving big groups and never seem  to mind splitting checks by family.  The wings are the highlight.  Beer is always cold. And coolie skillet makes a great closer.
1	zipps is a sports bar.  Zipps serves the need of providing sporting entertainment and food/beer.   Today, Ryan the manager opted to keep the sound on Barwide for the third day of the US Open (a golf tournament) as opposed to turning on the Sound for the World Cup - England v Italy  2 complete tables left.   10 patrons total.  We talked to our waitress.  We talked to Ryan the manager.   She was powerless and he refused to change the channel.  More patrons then left.   The people around us were upset.   With 4 sports bars within 2 miles  - Four Peaks, Twin Peaks, KO O'donnell and Temple Bar so close why ever go back?Ryan the manager was apathetic at best.....Seriously, the World Cup - and this is not debatable - is the biggest sporting event in the world.   Except at Zipps "Sports" Bar in Scottsdale.    Sad.
5	Love it. Near my house so it's easy to go in get food and drinks and be on my way. All chicken anything--wings, tenders, skewers with some gold/medium sauce is the business. 2 thumbs up all day
5	The main reason I visit Zipps is the wings. Best wings in town. Also, I strongly recommend ordering a floater. It's the draft beer of your choice with frozen margarita.
2	Food is much better at Goldie's,  the pizza is like cheap frozen pizza, burgers are ok, fries not that great...  Overall experience, don't waste your time!   There are plenty of other sportsbars with way better food and service!!!!  For example, O.H.S.O.
1	I started going here when this bar first opened and it was good, but was also the only sports bar around. Thank god more opened because the service, food, and management suck now. It can be expected that it will take forever to be greeted by a server, than will take about 10-15 minutes to get your drink. And good luck getting your food in a decent amount of time if it even comes out right. Don't bother telling management because they seem to just collect a paycheck and don't care. They have their regulars and it's all they care about. I used to he one, almost daily. But I can't even handle going once a month anymore.  I keep thinking when I go back they might have changed and earn me as a regular again but it never changes. Place has become a joke. Hey Mr. Goldman hire some real managers and servers and cooks who can get orders right the first time. And tell Jimmy or whatever that unfriendly Jets fan behind the bar is stop talking to his regulars, other patrons at the bar need drinks too. The big beers are a good deal, if they don't come out flat which seems to be their new trend. Take your money to Temple bar, or any other bar. The food and service will be better, trust me.
5	Good atmosphere, good service, and the food is better than any sports bar in town. They have amazing salads for those who are health conscience. I love this place!
1	Hey today the Monday night of 9/1/14, the manager was wrong! I will give a lot more details of the situation that took place.
2	Ordered wings & burgers, food came all at once. Had to ask for blue cheese dressing for wings,  which was ranch with blue cheese sprinkled over top AND we were surcharge for it. -we didn't even touch the original ranch. PS: Don't sit outside, wood benches are wet and sticky from misters. Go to another sports bar!
4	Great Food and Great Service!My favorite place to watch the game, or just hang out!However, recently there has been some bartending changes, and the new ones are not as good as the old ones.....
5	Best damn wings and coldest beer in town. Don't be surprised if one of the owners pulls up a chair and sits next to you (it's happened to me twice).
3	Usually love this place to watch the game! But the nachos we ordered were SO SOGGY we couldn't even eat them. The waitress gave us a free beer to make up for it but that didn't even cover half the cost of the nachos. Would have rather had it taken off the bill. Won't be back again for food!
4	Love this neighborhood joint! Glad to see both the floors and staff have been upgraded! My go-to menu item is always the BLT... It is delish. Other than that, good beer on tap and great nightly specials. Always happy to see Titos on the drink menu. Now if only I didn't run into some locals I would rather not see... Zipps would be 5 stars.
5	Great Drinks- Great Friends- Great Football!
4	Can't go wrong with Zipps, love their wings!
4	Didn't realize this was right down the street from my house. Food is pretty good and priced appropriately.  There is a ton of Tvs to watch football so I take my kids on Sunday.  Reason for not having 5 stars: 1. Trying to tell me that I couldn't drink my Monster drink from outside.  Use judgement. I am coming in with 2 kids on a Sunday.  Do you really think I'm curbing your alcohol sales?2. Fly in the restaurant constantly circling my food. I understand the door opens frequently but still.  In summary, I will be back.
