1	I went to the grand opening of the new location of Primp and Blow with high hopes. They sent me an e-mail for the kick off event advertising free eyebrow waxing and make-up applications. The e-mail was quite timely because I was in need of having my eyebrows waxed. When I got there about 5:20pm they seemed quite busy and disorganized. Which honestly, I can understand for a grand opening so I tried to cut them a little slack. When I asked the girl at the front desk about eyebrow waxing she seemed unsure what I was talking about, said she would write down my name and ask, that I should check back with her in 10-15 minutes. When I checked back the next girl I talked to had put me on the list and said it would be about 15 minutes to just come and check back at the desk. After another 15 minutes I checked back and got the same response. This happened a few times. I finally was taken back to have my eyebrows waxed around 6:20pm. Yes, an hour after I got there. Thnakfully they had some yummy food and good music for the grand opening so still trying to give them the benefit of the doubt here. The girl that took me back never introduced herself, so I do not know the name of the person I am reviewing. At the very beginning I explained to her my brows are very simple, I just do a little underneath and a little in between my brows. I told her I didn't need shaping, just keep the shape I have and clean up the hair underneath my brow. The first thing she does is put wax ABOVE my eyebrow. As you know, once wax is applied there is only one way it is coming off. :-( So she waxed the top of one brow even though I specifiaclly told her just underneath and between. Yikes, but can't undo it now.Then she does between and underneath, does a quick pluck of a few strays and says she is done. Um ok...I've never had them not hand me a mirror when they are done.... bad sign. So I hop up to look in the mirror only to find out that she went way thinner than the natural shape of my brows! Way thinner than I ever go. When I mention this to her she say "wow, and I never shape, I just follow the line of the brow." Well....that's not true because mine are now scary thin. =( Nothing I can do to get them back but just wait. And hope they grow back in the way I used to have them. So while I was clearly not happy with my thin brows (even though I am still trying as best I can to be nice at this point) I didn't even receive an apology from her. Nothing... I was very disappointed in my experience here and will not be returning to have anything waxed in the future.On a side note, a few friends went that night for blowouts and make-up applications. They were split. A couple liked their hair and not their make-up, a couple liked their make-up and not their hair. And one friend left nearly in tears because she hated both her hair and make-up so much. Not so great for opening night when you are trying to do your best to get return customers.
1	An open letter to Primp & Blow: I am a real customer. Writing a real review. Stop accusing your competitors of writing nasty reviews, pay attention to what your customers are saying and fix your business. That's how it works.My experience at your shop was just all wrong from the moment I arrived--so much so, that even my 12 year old niece, who was also getting a blow out, realized it. We compared notes and here is our honest, genuine review of Primp & Blow. The okay: Open on Sundays, decent location, no wait when we were there, Bumble & Bumble product.The bad: The stylists were ditzy, unprofessional and lackluster in general. The girl doing my hair actually stopped what she was doing to read over the iPad over my shoulder so many times that I stopped reading and switched to entertaining myself on my phone. She also, while doing my hair flirted with a maintenance man across the salon and hit me in the head with a blow dryer. She loudly and, in an accusatory tone, commented on any flaws in my cut or hair quality but drew a blank when I asked her for suggestions. The ugly: My blowout lasted a few hours. It was pretty--that's about it. I paid extra just to have the stylist touch a curling iron for my blowout and my niece's so I did feel completely stilted. To my knowledge, this is the only blowout bar that charges extra for hot tools. The stylist didn't use any product pre-blowout and it showed. Checkout took forever. It was during that time that the woman working the front desk told me her suspicions about a competitor writing reviews on Yelp. The bottom line: I've been to plenty of blow dry salons in the valley--this was by the far the worst. All show, no substance. Nice space, good location, lack of talent.Catherine Thomas
5	Well...after reading the other two reviews, I had to write one myself. Let me start by saying that I had a completely opposite experience. My assistant and I were in town for a business meeting and needed to have blow-outs done quickly. I had made reservations at one location and had to call last minute to switch to the new location. I spoke with David and he could not have been more helpful. He took care of everything. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by the receptionist and my assistant was taken straight back to her stylist. The receptionist explained that my  stylist was just finishing up with another customer and offered me something to drink.While I waited, another woman came in without an appointment and was looking to have her hair done. The receptionist told her it would be just a moment and she was quite happy to be taken care of. By this time, my stylist came up to greet me and was very sweet.  We talked over the style that I wanted and then she shampooed, conditioned and gave me the best scalp massage ever! She also did a beautiful job on my hair.My assistant had a similar experience. Her stylist had her work cut out for her because of the length and thickness of her hair. She did a very good job  as well. We both walked out feeling beautiful. I will definitely go back next time I am in Scottsdale.If there is any advice that I might give to Primp and Blow, it would be to not listen to nasty reviews that hold no value.
5	I went for the grand opening and had a wonderful experience, the shop is gorgeous and my stylist Candace was awesome. I left very happy with my overall experience. The AZ Spa girls discount that I found and applied beforehand made the already low price even better. I'll definitely be referring my friends
4	I'm shocked there aren't more reviews of Primp and Blow's new location at the Waterfront. Since the hype started with these dry bar locations, I have been itching to give one a try, but the others in the Valley were far from where I lived so I hadn't been. However, I was walking through the Waterfront a couple months ago and smiled with delight in learning one was coming to the Waterfront! This is an excellent location for this type of service. Think about you. You're shopping for a night out on the town or a special occasion, it's late in the afternoon and you have to start thinking about going home and getting ready. Why not just have the pros get you ready instead! That's what I did at least. I would probably only come here when I need to get ready for a special occasion since it is a little pricey for the service, but it's a great atmosphere and gives you a chance to relax and get primped (literally!) When I came here, I did the blow dry service and makeup. I believe my hair dresser's name was Abby and she was a total sweetheart! I got an extensive wash w/ massage followed by a blow dry and style. Here's a sweet piece of info I learned. If you come with your hair already washed, they'll curl it for I think around $15. They have an extensive list of options and services but I'll get to that in a sec. Following my hair-do, we moved over to the makeup station where she did my makeup like a pro! I felt great after my primping and ready to go home, put on my dress and go! How simple is that! Again, it's a little pricey but it's worth it for the right occasion! For the services, like I said, they offer a variety. They offer waxing, spray tan, hair and makeup (I could be missing some). The pricing is comparable to the other dry bars and I love the look of Primp and Blow! It's girly and modern and would be a great spot to have a girls day of primping (maybe a bachelorette party?) I will absolutely be back!
5	I was a bit skeptical that P and B would be able to wash, deep condition, and blow dry my hair in an hour (it takes me two hours to blow dry my thick, long, curly hair!) Shannon did my hair: she was all business. Not much small talk, but thays ok because I enjoy having the quiet time and often find small talk forced. I have to admit I doubted her, but section by section, she gave me a gorgeous blow out, with some curl at the ends (as I dont like it pin straight). Not only that, she finished with it all in an hour. I cant say enough how many stylists leave my hair frizzy and still wet, so suffice it to say that I was blown away, and will recommend Shannon to all my thick/curly-haired friends!
4	I don't think $35 is all that expensive for a BJ. (hehehehehe) No one likes a rushed BJ, and here they really take their time. Do you like a BJ with lots of product? They have great products. Or if you're like me, I prefer a product free BJ. You know someone is talented when they can achieve great results without using any product at all.Everyone in the salon looked great after their BJ. You can even enjoy diet coke, an ipad and warm towels during your BJ. Those are just a few things that separate Primp and Blow's BJs from others. I highly recommend getting a BJ here.
5	Love this place! I used a groupon at drybar and had a horrible experience. I'm soo glad Primp and Blow blew them out of the water! My stylist actually took the time to ask me what I wanted in detail, was suuuuper sweet, and time sensitive for a dinner I was getting my hair done for. I got to look through Perez Hilton on an iPad when we weren't chatting and a short but amazing head massage during my shampoo. The manager also gave me a 10% off my next visit after I mentioned it was my birthday. Overall I would recommend this blow dry bar over any other place on town. I got major compliments on my hair that night!!!
1	Yesterday was my second time at Primp and Blow. The first time was pretty good, and I needed to have my hair done for date night so I thought I would give it a second try. It's only $35 right? Wrong. My advice is to save your $$. First of all, the ladies up front were completely rude. I showed up early for my appt. (WHAT A CRIME) and was basically treated like dirt. They told me to come back because nothing was available until my appt. time. OK, That was all good until the owner walked up and told the girl helping me at the front desk that she had to do my hair. Turns out they are both stylists (not receptionists) and just didn't want to take a walk-in appt. AWKWARD!!!!Not only that, but my hair was already shampooed, I had just come from home. Talk about the easiest client ever! She was so obviously upset about having to do my hair that I almost walked out... Not at all welcoming.Service was poor from the beginning to the end. She spent about 20 minutes on my hair (While the girl next to me was given much more time and attention by her stylist)... and the blowout was terrible. Not good. In fact, parts of my hair were still wet when I left. HUH???? That is your only task... to dry hair. I paid my $35. Didn't tip, and won't ever be back. In fact, I think i'll check out their competitors.
1	This place is a joke!  Heed my warning and save your time and money!I scheduled an appointment for 3 p.m. and arrived at 2:50.  The owner (I later found out) Melody, was helping a client check out.  This process took her quite some time, then she answered the phone twice before even acknowledging me.  Once she did, I told her who I was ansd what time my appt. was.  I was instructed to have a seat.  I did...for 15 minutes.  Melody came around the corner and had to ask me again who I was!  "Oh, Tai is just setting the room up."Hmmm , shouldn't Tai have had the room set up prior to my appointment time??  I finally made it back to the torture lair/waxing room 25 minutes after my appointment, to find that Tai just fell off the turnip truck and definately didn't pass aesthetician schooling with flying colors.  I have been getting brazilians monthly for 10 years and to my knowledge this far, a brazilian means no more hair!  Not according to Tai...I left after her 45 minute wax job with a half-wax...meaning, she only waxed the top half of the area!  She made a comment something like, "Well. I don't tweeze".  What professional doesn't tweeze??  I'm sure the appointment took as long as it did because, once again, she was unprepared.  She was cutting the wax strips from a giant piece of wax strip material AS SHE WAS WAXING ME!I felt like I had walked into "The Twilight Zone."  Horrendous customer service and complete amateurs masked as professional are the 2 main reasons I will never return AND do my best to make sure no other poor soul experiences this.  The only reason I gave 1 star is because they sell B&B  and Moroccan Oil, but won't purchase those from them just out of principle.
1	I really hate to give out my annual award for "Best Response From a Business Owner" this early in the year, but I really do think I've found a winner. Here's most of the message I got in my Yelp inbox from Melody H. about my experience:"Hi Catherine, I remember when you came in and your horrible attitude. I cannot believe you would be so stupid and make-up lies as you did here. I thought to myself when you came in and spoke with me that you were strange. I just had one thing to say after you left and I told the girls there is only so much lip stick you can put on a PIG!"It's just pure awesomesauce covered with cherries on top! Congrats to Melody H.--you are truly one in a million (and I mean that in the worst way possible, heh).
5	Primp and Blow at the Waterfront is divine! I walked out feeling like a Super Model without spending a fortune! Great Stylists. Upbeat Friendly atmosphere. Great Tunes and an overall GREAT VIBE!  Convenient Parking and centrally located right near Fashion Square and Olive and Ivy. LOVE it!
5	I booked an appt here for a blowout and hot tool style just before my maternity photos.  I arrived slightly early.  Very cool atmosphere. Sexy and swanky.  My stylist (Candie) was ready to go right at the time of my appt.  She was courteous, efficient and my hair looked so fabulous by the end of the appt! This was my first time ever getting a blowout and I'm afraid to say they may have hooked me into a new addiction.  It's been 3 days since my service and my hair STILL looks good!  My photographer showed me some teaser photos and my hair looked awesome in all of them.  Thank you Primp & Blow!
4	The Bestie and I decided to try out Primp and Blow for our first ever blow dry bar experience. This was the beginning of a great night out for dinner and seeing Wicked at Gammage. Let me just say these women made us look and feel  AMAZING. At first the price point was iffy for me but when I saw the work and pampering they put into it, I would do this again and again.We went ahead and made appointments over the phone(though I can't imagine they're too necessary on a wednesday night, we were the only two there the whole time) and were brought right back when we arrived. After a very relaxing shampoo and conditioner with scalp massage, we were seated at an adorable little station, offered complimentary champagne(they also offer wine, tea, and water) and offered an Ipad with magazines on it to look at. Both of our stylists were awesome, I wish I had remembered their names now, and while mine didn't talk very much, she worked magic with that blowdryer and round brush. I didn't ask for much, next time I may have them do something a bit more complex but as any style requiring a hot tool is $10 extra, I decided to stick with the basic and see how I liked it. She did an amazing job and my hair was full and I felt like a million bucks all night. The Bestie has much shorter hair than I do and her stylist did an incredible job on hers too, this place is great for short hair as well! They even gave her a discount since it didn't take as long.Overall, I loved the vibe and the salon "attitude" wasn't as catty as many other places. We will definitely be going back, we may start looking for excuses for a night out just so we can go be pampered and turned into bombshells again.
4	I decided to try Primp and Blow because they offered a special on Groupon. I'm so glad I did! I went to the location by Scottsdale Fashion Square.My stylist was awesome. She was very skilled and did a great blowout but also had a great personality as well. She made me feel relaxed and comfortable. I love the atmosphere. Great customer service. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because they charge you $10 extra for any hot tools styling, which I thought was annoying, and they don't have a look book. Those very minor issues aside, I had a great overall experience and will return.
5	I took my mom and best friend my friend had her eyelashes tinted and we all had are hair washed dried Nd curled beautifully and the stylists were chatty in a great way just not surface chat we had a great time and the mango champagne yummy
2	I purchased a Groupon for a full set of eye lash extensions and was excited to get started.  When I called to make my appointment the last thing they said to me was, "We expect 20% gratuity on the retail price of your service - is that going to be a problem?" I was a little surprised - but said No.  To me - gratuity is based on the services received and if I chose to give 20%, that is up to me.  When I arrived for my appointment I checked in at the front desk and they had me sit and wait.  I noticed that when other people were checking in - they were offered beverages so I am not sure if it was because I was only there for the eye lash extensions and they were there for hair services.  I was greeted and brought back to the treatment room.  I was worked on by Kai who was very nice, friendly and informative.    She explained to me that they would last anywhere from 2-4 weeks and that a fill in would be $50 and it would depend upon my eyes and when I felt I needed it.  It took about 2 hours for the whole process but Kai made it very comfortable.  At the end of the service - she did tell me that one of my eyes had finer lashes and that she might need to make a few adjustments.  She told me to let it settle over the weekend and see how it was next week.  And if any of them fell off or if I felt that the one eye needed to be adjusted to just call.  Welll 4 days later and that eye had lost almost half of the lashes.  The lashes that were remaining were flipping upside down and sidewards.  Kai had given me a mascara brush and said if that happens to just comb them the correct way.  Didnt work!  I called Primp & Blow during office hours and left a message for a return call.  No response.3 days later I called and left another message that I had barely any lashes left on 1 eye and that I really needed them to fix it.  I did leave this message after business hours - no response.2 days later I called and finally got someone on the phone.  I was really upset and they said they would relay the messages to Kai and scheduled me to come in that Friday to get it corrected.  They said they would put notes in the system about the issues.I arrived on Friday and was greeted by Kai.  I told her of my prtoblems reaching her and how my lashes didnt even last on that one eye more than 4 days.  She kinda blew it off and made it sound like no big deal - we can fix it.  So an hour later she tells me that its all fixed and she had to use a different glue and different lashes on that eye so that it would stay better. I went to the front desk to check out and was informed that it would be $60.  I was in shock.  First of all - I was told that a fill in is $50 - and 2nd of all - I had left 2 messages and no response to the lashes being defective right away.  I do not consider this customer service.  I was told my Kai that if there was any issues she would fix it no problem.  Well apparently that really means, "We wont call you back until it too late so that we can charge you for another service".   It did look great though when I left there.  And thats why I will give 2 starts.  But its now 3 days later and the lashes are flipping up side down again on both eyes.  Def not worth the time, money or aggravation.  There are plenty of other places that do the same service for less money with better customer service.
4	Two words: adult pigtails.Fine... I'll write more than that!Lindsey and I went to Primp and Blow last week to have our hair done for the Ultimate pleYdate event, and I was pleased with the experience.  Lauren did my hair and gave me adult pigtails per my request.  She did a really great job.  She was professional, friendly, and gave a good little massage as she shampooed as well.  I rarely ever have time to get my hair done or even blow it out on my own now that I've got a kid, so this was a real treat.I'd definitely return to Primp and Blow in the future, and perhaps I'll even try some of their other services too!  Or, I may just stick with the adult pigtail look; you can't go wrong with that.  Thanks again, Lauren!
2	I'm conflicted about this review for two reasons:3 of my girlfriends HAD appointments on a busy Sat - two of the appointments weren't on their books and the salon was very busy.  They were able to get us in but after talking to the stylists we realized that some of them had worked all day (open to close) without a lunch break or even a 15 min break.  The blow outs looked good but as far as being under-staffed and under-organized I'm giving them a lower rating.   The employees looked rushed and stressed. This is an appt based business so you know exactly how many clients are coming in and should be able to better accomodate your staff and guests.  It was odd that what I thought was the ower or salon manager had their dog in the salon on her lap - which she had time to take for a potty break but no time to staff her salon properly.  Clueless.
1	The owner of Primp and Blow, Melodi Harmon, left me with such a horrible taste in my mouth, I had to file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau, something I've never done before. Here are the problems I experienced with the services:-When I booked my appointment for a facial, blowout and makeup application, I made it clear I needed to be done no later than 4:30 p.m. and also mentioned an Arizona Spa Girls special I was doing when I booked my appointment. The person who booked me gave no indication she wasn't aware of the special, and she told me to come in at a certain time so I'd for sure be gone by 4:30 p.m. since I had dinner reservations. The makeup artist was late, so the facialist graciously started applying my makeup for me, even though she wasn't who I was booked with.-When I checked out, right at 4:30 p.m. when I was supposed to have been gone by, the guy at the desk ran my card incorrectly twice and supposedly refunded the purchase--the third time it was ran, it was locked out because Bank of America froze it for fraud because it was run so many times in a row. Also, the owner, Melodi, (who called another Yelp user a pig in an e-mail---not surprising) puzzledly asked me at the desk about whether I was sure about the special--something that was not only insulting to me but also showed her lack of customer service and communication with the organizations she deals with. She said she'd e-mail me a receipt and get payment later, since I was late and my card was now frozen. I was unable to use my card the rest of the night and the next morning and had to rely on my friends to pay for me. I then had to spend more than a half-hour talking to Bank of America to unfreeze it.-After saying she'd e-mail me a receipt that weekend (and telling me in a phone message that she had e-mailed it twice more), Melodi then called me and told me I needed to call my bank again to ask about the charge. I e-mailed her a screenshot of the statement from Bank of America showing there was still a pending charge from her, which my bank said she simply needed to push through. I spent another half-hour talking to them about this, being placed on hold, being transferred, etc. I spent more time combing through more than 1,200 spam messages in my Gmail to find the supposed three receipts Melodi sent me--nothing came up, and when I called her about this, she had someone at the front desk call me to get my "correct" e-mail--she had never sent me a receipt like she said.-I tried to explain to Melodi that the time I had spent trying to fix the problems she caused (maybe 3 hours or more) made me feel like it was unfair to pay for the services I received. I would pay for my Clarisonic facial brush I bought once I got a correct receipt. She e-mailed me two more incorrect receipts, showing her lack of conscientiousness and unawareness in general. She then threatened to call the police and press charges against me for stealing--though the whole reason why I didn't want to give her my credit card info again is obvious (I didn't want her to freeze it again), and I wanted to know the correct amount of cash to bring to the salon.I support local businesses immensely and would never steal from one. Her unwillingness to remedy the situation demonstrates her cluelessness as a business owner. I'm disappointed because of her inept ability to deal with customers effectively.UPDATE: Primp and Blow posted this on their Facebook page. They don't care about Yelp users."We just needed you to pay for the stuff you took and the services you had. It has been over a month. Did you really think you could get away with not paying? It was sad that it took me threatening to call the POLICE on you to get you to pay! Thanks for paying it was the right thing to do. :-) Who cares about yelp!I I do not. ;-)"
1	What is going on at this place?This was my 3rd experience at Primp and Blow (2nd time at Waterfront) and it was terrible. I had one Groupon left and decided to use it since it was Mother's Day.When we arrived, all the staff seemed to be pissed off, like we walked in right in the aftermath of some horrible staff fight. It was very tense. My service was rushed and uncomfortable. My scalp massage was awful - very rough and fast. My stylist hardly spoke to me. I don't even remember her name. I tried to strike up conversation to no avail. It was all very awkward. My blowout was ok. In the middle of my service the stylist just stopped abruptly and said, "I need to go take my medication" and walked away. Uh what? A guy that was at the front desk jumped up to continue while she left and was like, don't worry I'm a stylist. He was really sweet and apologetic (wish he had just finished my blowout). My stylist was training another person and kept referring to my hair as "frizzy" multiple times, which I found offensive. There are more professional ways to describe my hair type.My blowout looked good when I left but fell about an hour later. That was disappointing. A good blowout will last me at least 48 hours.After my service, I went to the bathroom to change into my dress and walked in on one of the stylists (the one my stylist was training) PUKING in the bathroom. Omg, lock the effing door! It was so embarrassing and I felt really bad for walking in on her. I closed the door quickly. When she came out she told me she was really hungover from the night before and it sucks to be puking at work (yeah, for you and me both lady!). Really unprofessional.Probably will not return given my experiences keep getting progressively worse :/
4	I just went through a break up, so my best friend and i decided to pamper ourselves. I have never been to place that just does blow outs and dry styles. But let me tell you..it was amazing. It felt good see a transformation in my hair without a drastic cut or color. Vivian was my stylist and she went above and beyond what i had expected. She gave ma  beautiful, but not too crazy of a poof and subtle, beautiful ringlet curls. It's amazing how different hair can look with a blow dryer vs. a flat iron. Needless to say after we left the salon we felt and looked HOT. I got very much needed attention and soooo many compliments on my hair from friends and strangers!! I strongly recommend Primp & Blow for any and all occasions.
3	Have to say the second time I've been in wasn't as amazing as the first, but I try to give them the benefit of the doubt because it was a special event night. I went with my mom and sister and we only got dry styles this time, but the pampering was still nice. Only downside was my stylist, she just wasn't the most friendly person in the world. She made comments about my hair needing to be shampooed, I literally just washed it before I went, it was still damp underneath. I think it was an attempt at upselling because my sister's stylist said the exact same thing to her. I asked for beach waves, she didn't seem to know what that meant. She gave me a great blow out with curls and teased my hair in amazing ways that I didn't know my hair was capable of. It looked great but not the feel I was going for, she assured me that the curls would "fall" and it would look more like waves. That didn't happen at all. Not sure how she thought making barrel curls and spraying them down with hair spray would translate to waves but oh well. My sister's hair looked great straightened and my moms was cute but didn't last more than an hour after we left. I loved the concept and it may just be a hit or miss. But maybe they just need to remember what they started as and tone down the pretension just a tad. And please, I'm begging you, fix the check out system. We always spend ten minutes trying to get the payments taken care of and no one seems to know how to add gratuity to a card.I'm being treated for my birthday next week, we will see if they straightened things out yet.
5	I love, love, love Primp and Blow! They are super nice and it's totally fun to get a blow out! I've been several times and I've never had a bad experience!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! So much that I won't blow dry my own hair anymore! Bailey, Lauren, Katie, Liz - Everyone there is amazing and I leave there feeling like I'm on the way to a photo shoot or something. I have kinky frizzy nasty hair and they make it look like silk in 30 mins and since I buy packages of 4 for only $25! (still pretty inexpensive at $35 if you prefer not to go that route) AND, I was so pleased with the results of my hair that I tried a facial. This girl combined a microdermabrasion, dermaplaning, a peel, and a deep pore extraction all together! I have never experienced anything like it. My skin has been dewy like a 25 year old for the past week. Seriously. And all natural products without chemicals. It was a teeny pricey at $125 but then again I have nothing to compare it to. I wish she could do it to my whole body! They also have $39 options. I will try that and let you know how that goes.
5	Love this place! You go in and 30mins  and $35 later  (unless you buy four and its $25 which I do!) your hair looks amazing and you feel pampered and ready to go out. They also do makeup and I can tell you that their facials are the best in town!  Trust me- I am one picky customer and they never disappoint.
3	This would be my second or third time in. The second time in I had my make up done, (my Eyes were so dark and uneven, i looked cross eyed) I went for the celebration of 1 year anaversary. I thought I should give them another try. My stylist was nice, and did a good job However she told me to sleep with a deep conditioner in, the orange morroone oil mask (that'll make your hair fall out, to much protien) she's lucky I am a stylist and know what to do!!!!! lol the front desk was rude and seemed unfamiluar with how to run a front desk. She told me to go take a seat upon arrival, Well there wasn't a place to sit. Soo I stood, not a big deal but kind of wierd, When my stylist came back to get me, I asked if I could get a water. She said yes and as well offered me a coctail and told me how fancy the day into evening would be, how joyful. She forgot all about my water, her head kept hitting the blow dryer above her head. Upon checking out, she didn't offer me a follow up service, or additonal services, she didn't even email my reciept to the right place. I think I was more annoyed with the bratty attitudes than anything.
1	Save your time and money and go to Dry Bar at the Scottsdale Quarter across from Kierland or Kimberly's dry bar on Lincoln Drive in Phoenix.  You will be glad you did.  This place has poor customer service and the receptionists are snotty and unprofessional.The facialist, Linda, is extremely unprofessional, rude and condescending.  She does not give a good facial.Enough said.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my first Primp and Blow experience. Linda was very nice and friendly and gave me one of the best facials I have ever had. She has a lot of experience and knowledge which I liked. She customized my facial to what my face needed not just what my appointment was for. You could tell she cares about the clients needs and took her time to do a great job which is not always the case when getting a facial or spa service. I would definitely recommend Linda to anyone who wants an amazing facial. I will definitely go see her again. :)
4	1st time great but bad make up,second time,  total fail, third time great!!! Took my mom in to see Ali, Great! Apparently you  need a veteran to get the goods! ;) I will try again.
4	As promised in my initial review for Primp and Blow, I returned... and this time took advantage of more services too!Since today is my birthday, I wanted to pamper myself just a bit.  I spent my lunch hour at P and B getting a brow/lip wax from Kai and a blowout from Liz.  Wow - what a difference that makes - I feel so much better now!  Both ladies did an excellent job and were a pleasure to chat with during my pampering.In addition, there's currently a check-in offer on Yelp where you just have to share your Yelp check-in and you get a free Rain Cosmetics gift valued at $30.  It's a limited edition collection that includes an eye pencil, lip gloss, bronzer, mascara, and make-up remover wipe.  I'm not normally so excited about freebies, but this is a great one!I ended up purchasing a hair product as well (it's my birthday - why not?!) -- excited to use it at home!So, I'm two for two with my visits here... adult pigtails? check! wash and blow out? check! wax? check! great products and service? check!  I'm indeed a fan!
5	Eyelash extensions at Primp & Blow are fantastic!  Kai is my aesthetician and she is excellent. I've been going every 3-5 weeks for the past year & am totally satisfied.  I've worn false eyelashes for years & it has been such a hassle to always carry glue with me & have to check them every time I went to the ladies room.  Now I have the freedom to laugh so hard my eyes water & not worry I'll have an eyelash hanging down!   I travel a lot for business and having the permanent lashes makes my makeup time so much shorter, and if I'm in a hurry I can just put on lipstick & dash & know I still look good enough to be seen in public.   The salon is beautiful & if there isn't a place to park on the street, there is a huge underground parking lot, FREE in the same block.  This is the best investment I make in my "beauty routine".
3	Oh Primp and Blow are you lucky...and not in a particularly good way. I've been to Primp and Blow twice because I am such a idiot when it comes to doing my own hair and makeup. I had a very important interview for an internship in downtown Phoenix and wanted to go the extra mile of looking good. I was a little apprehensive given the owner's reputation on Yelp but since they were the closest to my interview I decided to take the chance. Can I just say, I adore their online booking system. The first time I went I understood other people's concern about their waiting area, as they simple have some round cushion thing past the receptionist to sit on. I didn't mind. The girl who did my hair the first time did a fine job (way better than I could ever have done), I don't remember if she offered me a Ipad but she and I had a great chat so I didn't really care. I told her I was getting my makeup done after at MAC (because, let's be honest, they're not hairdressers who picked up makeup as a side job but girls who devoted themselves to getting your makeup perfect...plus I get to keep some of the makeup). She was a little apprehensive about the wild MAC look and really encouraged me to use their makeup service next time. I left with beautiful hair, got my makeup done perfectly at MAC and had a successful first interview.Fast forward to my second round of interviews, I decide to take the hairstylists advice and take the chance to get my hair AND makeup done at Primp and Blow. I always schedule my appointments a bit earlier than my interviews so I can never be possibly late but since my first interview that day was in the morning, I needed the girl to be really efficient with her time. I thought it wouldn't be a problem since their appointment system is so time-sensitive and gives you a time for when the appointment will start and then end. The appointment system also mentioned that I'd have the same stylist who did my hair doing my makeup. I even mentioned to the stylist that I had a interview in downtime Phoenix at 11:30 and which is why I made sure my appointment would end at 10:30, and give me sufficient time to get there. Once again, the hair appointment went perfectly fine. The the stylist tells me that their "makeup artist" would be doing my makeup. Alright, I think, a little strange but whatever. So I sit in her chair and read magazines on the Ipad, since she got my hair done rather quickly I thought it really didn't matter to wait five minutes or so. Unfortunately I ended up waiting about fifteen minutes. Why? Well apparently the makeup artist didn't know she had to be at work that early. How do I know this? Because the receptionist desk was less than two feet behind me and ten minutes into anxiously waiting they decide to call the artists and I get the pleasure of hearing the most interesting conversation that goes along the lines of, "Hey are you coming into work?" -"Really?"- "You're suppose to be here at 10" and then the receptionist hangs up the phone and proceeds to tell the girl she was training that the makeup artist apparently forgot she had work at 10 and thought she had work at 11. I'm about to freak out. It is like, listen girls, you're all very cute here I know that you all know at the very least how to throw some lipstick on. My stylists comes over almost fifteen minutes after I was suppose to get my makeup done to tell me she's going to 'start' it. Honestly I'm just so freaking happy to get anything on my face and she actually does a pretty decent job...I pay, run to to my car in a frenzy and make it to my interview but it ended up being 15 minutes after I was suppose to get out of there. Listen Primp and Blow you are a service that caters to women with places to go and people to see, you need to be very diligent in getting your customers out at the promised time. I got the internship (yay me) which is the only reason you're getting  decent rating, but had you made me late because you didn't adhere to your own schedule, you would have received the worst review I could have fathomed. So hair? Yeah A+, makeup....decent, but once again these girls are stylists first and makeup artists....second (if not third).  And if you're on a strict schedule I suggest you make this explicitly known, and still be prepared to be running out of there like a beautiful crazed woman.
5	Vivian, Lauren, Katie, Liz are really talented. Everyone was really friendly.
4	I come here weekly or biweekly and absolutely love Paige, Katie, and Liz. They style my hair amazingly whether I'm too lazy to do my own hair, or going out. Great service.
5	Dillon does an AMAZING facial!  This guy has magic hands!  My skin was perfect and glowing!  I was a bit hesitant about having a guy do my facial, but that disappeared after the first 5 minutes.  He has a very gentle touch and was very thorough with the extractions.  I highly recommend him!!
2	I went to the Primp and Blow at Thompson Peak and Hayden.   The blow dry was excellent but the desk staff is horrendous.  Not once but twice they have "lost" my buy one get free coupons, the first was over a year ago and today was the second time.  There was not an even "I'm sorry"  just "we don't have your coupon in the system and who checked you out last time?"  There was no explanation, no "let me try to see if I can find out what happened"  just "you'll have to pay, sorry about your luck".  Primp and Blow, please do not let people buy Groupons or send out specials in the Value Packs if you are not going to honor them.  I will not be returning to your establishment, which is a shame, because your stylists are very professional and nice.
5	Winner of Arizona foothills magazine best blow dry hair and salon, this place should be called "Divine Head and Scalp Massage".I have been here numerous times for blow outs, make-up application, and even spray tans.  Their list of services is long, and you can virtually get anything from an "up-do", to eye lash extensions, hair tinsel application, clip-in hair extensions, organic facials, waxing, and custom spray tans.The "Primp and Blow" is, of course, their signature product.  For $60 receive an extremely relaxing trip to the sink where your hair is lathered and your scalp massaged - before settling into one of the comfortable chairs in the salon with an Ipad containing your favorite magazine.  After your fabulous blow-out, feeling super gorg...you are escorted to the make-up bar for a customized application. I have used this service twice now for a special occasion, and it was well worth the time and money. In a rush and or just don't feel like blowing out your own hair?  Come in with your already shampooed hair and get a blow out for only $25.Just need some bouncy curls or flattening that stubborn frizzy hair?  They can do that for only $10.If you have thin lashes like I do, an able professional can apply lashes of your choice for $15, but longer lasting lashes start at $60 and go up to $250 - depending on whether you want a partial or full set.If you want to have a special date with your tween daughter, bring her in for a "Tween Blowout" for $25, or treat her to individual or bundles of colorful hair feathers that start at $8.Skin care is provided here as well, with their popular Organic Express Facial, for $45 and short enough to be enjoyed during your lunch break.  Get a healthy and beautiful glow with deep cleansing followed by light makeup application - and a stimulating hand massage.If you have problem skin and suffer from acne or hyper pigmentation - the "Brighten Up" Facial for $75  oxygenates and reduces sensitivity and gives your skin a radiant glow.Face and Body airbrush tanning are also available, but are more expensive than other custom tanning salons.  This may be due to the product, South Seas Tahitian, which is 100% Paraben free and produces a warm and even color which can last for weeks if proper skin care is practiced.Last but not least, waxing of all areas of the body is also offered - starting at $10 for lip and chin and going up to $50 for brazilian and back.Join their email list, and check frequently on deal sites such as Deal Chicken, as they have amazing deals for their services.
2	I was very disappointed with my experience at Primp and Blow at the Waterfront.  My friends and I went here together to get our hair done for our work party.  The problems started when I sat around waiting for my appointment to start as my stylist socialized and styled her own hair before deciding to help me.  When she washed my hair the hot water was out in the salon so it was cold.  The biggest issue was when she styled my hair.  I have curly and very thick hair.  I told her i wanted it straight, pretty basic.  She then asked if I wanted any curl to the ends instead of it just being straight.  I said that if she thought that would be better I was open to it.  When she finished the initial blow out my ends were more than a little curled and everything was going in different directions.  My left side flipped under while the right flipped out.  I told her I wasn't crazy about it and she immediately got defensive asking what i wanted, which I thought I had clearly explain when I arrived.  I told her that I didn't want everything going in different directions, so she tried to fix it.  It looked exactly the same after the second attempt.  When I said that I still wasn't a fan she told me that as a professional I needed to take her opinion on what looked good.  Her patronizing attitude was more than I could handle so I told her it was fine so that I could just get out of there and get on with my day.She then proceeded to add additional product to my hair which topped everything off by making my hair greasy, something that is very difficult to do.  In the end I went home, washed my hair out and did a better job myself.  I wouldn't suggest wasting money if you are capable of a basic blow dry at home.  Save yourself the money, trip and attitude.
5	As a last minute decision, I eagerly booked a style appointment for an evening event I was hosting. Celina Nunez greeted me, and all I had to say to her was "Texas hair. Give me big, bouncing curls!" She totally got it, and more than delivered!Literally, I was in and out in less than 30 minutes and my hair was a dream! It looked so celebrity styled, and made me feel like a million bucks! I loved it!
4	Great idea for a niche market created out of a few regular salon services.I had my hair washed, which is a luxury for me. But the real luxury is the scalp massage.  I could have been done at that point, and gone out into the streets with wet hair and a cat like grin on my face.Next was the actual blow out.  Hair dryers hang from the ceiling like pendant lights.  That makes so much sense because they are up and away and still within the operators' reach.  The salon is bright and modern and staffed with sweet young things.  My stylists said that their clientele is mostly wedding and bachelorette parties. Individual customers range from 15 to 50.  yikes, I kinda pushed the envelope on that one.For $35, got a smooth do for the evening out.  Very enjoyable.
2	I have gone to Primp and Blow twice. The first time I went because I had a weekly plus for a blowout, style, and make-up application. This was all fine. I had to wait about 20 minutes after my appointment time for this, but didn't think too much of it.The second time, I tried to schedule an eyebrow wax for 3:00pm. I walk in at 3:00pm and they ask if I can wait until 3:30pm. I can't, as I am on my lunch break. I schedule it for 5:30pm. They call at 5:15pm and ask if I can come back at 6:30pm instead. As it happens, I can't. When asked the point of scheduling appointments they said that "unfortunately blow outs take longer than they are scheduled for." If they know this, why don't they just schedule blow outs for longer?!" I was very disappointed that two of my appointments in the same day could not be accommodated for the time scheduled and they did not seem to think this was a big deal. I would recommend for getting an actual blow out as they prioritize that, but not for anything else.
2	My friend and I both used a GroupOn special today that included a blowout, deep conditioning treatment, and 5 minute scalp massage. To start off, the receptionist and stylists both seemed beyond put off that we had walked in the door...even though we had made appointments. As I sat down, my stylist said "you have a lot of hair. Great." And rolled her eyes. Not "Great!" as in what nice hair you have, but "I can't believe I have to deal with this." Things warmed up during the wash, and the scalp massage was great- although nowhere near 5 minutes long. She did a good job styling my hair, but not the best I've seen. Best part was that my hair is still curly a few hours later, more than I can say for the DryBar. Overall a good turnout on both of our styles, but the experience wasn't great. I probably won't return. Had I paid the full $55 the service was worth, as opposed to the $22 pride I got with Groupon, I would have been more upset.
1	On 7/20/13 I had a horrible experience. Came in for my appointment the receptionist was on the phone, patiently waited in a chair after she hangs up with another customer she tells me my appointment was at 5:45 p.m. when it actually was for 6:15 p.m. I tell her this and she lets me know they might not be able to shampoo my hair. I just simply stated I had an appointment for 6:15 p.m. and that I really needed my hair washed. She then starts to argue with me that I came in at 6:25 p.m. I calmly told her I was 3 minutes late. I came in at 6:18 p.m. and she tells me "no you didn't, didn't I just see you walk in?! I couldn't believe it. I just remained seated and waited for the next person to approach me. I was so uncomfortable and unfortunately I really needed my appointment badly. After that I was just on pins and needles. I called the company and left a message to talk to a manager. I never received a returned call. I also filled out their survey and explained the situation and asked for someone to call me and I still never received a call back.
5	After reading some of the other reviews, I was a little apprehensive to try this place out as I have really thick and curly hair that requires some extra TLC. I'm SO glad I gave them a try. I've gone three times now for blowouts and have had three different stylists (Bao, Karli, and Danielle). They all did an awesome job...I would see any of them again. My hair held for days with light touch ups and they were all nice to me. I'm sure there is merit to other reviewers' negative experiences, but if you're reading them and are on the fence, I would highly recommend you at least give this place a try...I've had nothing but good experiences and I plan to keep going back.
2	I really wanted to have a great experience, but unfortunately I was not happy with my blow dry service. The stylist I had must have been new/unexperienced, used too much product on my fine hair, and I walked out with basically flat hair. While his scalp massage was ok, the blow dry was terrible. I could have done a better job myself. My mistake was not complaining or requesting to have it re-done, but as I was out of time and the salon was packed, this was not an option for me. I am really disappointed as I really wanted to enjoy this service for my birthday. I will consider trying this location again, but will request a different stylist.
2	I hate to leave a bad review but I have given this ace quite a few chances and have never been impressed. I really wanted to like this place but I just can't. The other dry bar place that is in the valley is just a step above this one. The massage scalpes are ao much better, the environment, drinks they provide and most importantly the blow out. I wld think twice before going here for a special event or maybe try going here first and finding someone you like when you re not getting ready for a special event
5	I was fortunate enough to get to go to Primp and Blow to get my makeup done for my wedding. It was truly an amazing service! My makeup made me glow and lasted all day even in the Arizona heat of August.From the appointment to my final touches, it was wonderful. They got me right in, made me feel comfortable, kept me hydrated and made all the adjustments I requested along the way. If you have a special event or wedding and you want to look your best, go to Primp & Blow for a wonderful service with the best products and staff!They even did all the hair for my family and nieces and they were beautiful!
4	I've gone to 2 of their Valley locations and both are very clean, professional and easy to make appointments. The hair wash part of the appointment is nice and the products used are top notch. I wish there was a scalp massage but having someone wash your hair for 15 minutes still feels nice. Both appointments I have received lasted about 45 minutes. The blow out itself on my hair looked great leaving the salon but started to become limp shortly afterwards. For $35 and tip, this isn't a great plus. However, when I get curls (hair already washed before the appointment), these last for a couple days and that's $25. For the experience, it's great to get pampered and would be fun to do with girlfriends before a night out. I will be back but not something I can do often.
2	Hate to give a bad review because overall the place had a lot of potential and I'm thinking I just had a bad blow dry girl. Front desk girl was super friendly and easy to schedule with (Lauren I believe was her name) and all the other front desk people were helpful.But the actual shampoo and blowdry...ugh, it was the worst shampoo of my life, the massage was actually painful as she dug her nails into my scalp, and then ratted my hair up so much that it was awful to get a brush through it. I don't even think she massaged it so much as tangled it up.  I've had better shampoos at beauty schools.My blow out was okay-very smooth and stayed smooth for about four days but there wasn't much volume and it was so dry and static-y. I don't think she used nearly enough product, or at least not the right ones for my hair type.The friends I went with had better shampoo experiences, but both felt the volume and moisture was lacking for them as well.
2	Had a dry style for a wedding over the weekend. My hair looked absolutely horrible and as a member of the bridal party seeing the pictures is very upsetting. It was stringy and kinky and looked awful. The stylist admitted to me it was her third day....(she also asked very personal questions which I found very inappropriate but was a nice young girl) I should have asked for someone to fix it but I was already behind so I just left. I should have done it myself and saved the $35.00.
3	Long story short - in the end, my hair looked good.Long story long - I booked several weeks in advance, arrived on time, and then walked in to a very busy salon with several people waiting. I panicked at first since I was on a timeline, assuming that they took walk ins just minutes before my booked appointment, and I watched as person after person was called back. I waited for 12 minutes and was greeted by a very nice young man who apologized for the wait. Not a big deal in the end. But I was glad I gave myself plenty of time before my next appointment. Originally I booked a blowout and instead asked for an updo when I got there. I was relieved they could accommodate the change. He said it was fine and worked about 65 minutes on my hair. He worked really hard, but I did get the sense he wanted to throw in the towel a few times. The manager even stepped in at one point and gave him some advice. I do feel like if I had not been really strong willed about my opinions I would have received something less than, which may be why others on yelp have left unhappy.I would like to go back again and try just a blowout.
4	I have been an out of town guest of this gem of a place for the past 2 years and have always enjoyed my experience. I even had a favorite girl to book with. It had been a while since I made an appt and was going to a wedding so I figured it was time. I had bought a Groupon a while back and foolishly let it expire :( but was aware that merchants still honor the value paid for the Groupon ($22); I would just owe a leftover amount ($13). Prior to scheduling I chose to read up on how they have been doing on Yelp. I was surprised to see some mediocre reviews coupled with a few terrible ones. I could not believe what I was reading. Every visit I had was wonderful!  I had done birthdays, girls night out, & even a bachelorette party. Every time was  a blast!  I suddenly turned very skittish and had second thoughts about trusting my wedding guest hair with them.       I read more reviews and just decided that bad reviews are bound to happen anywhere. I called a week prior to the wedding to schedule a blow out. The girl who answered was incompetent to say the least. It was 10 min of her asking to spell my name, respell,  say no and correct her, her blaming a bad connection, forgetting what day and time I'd want my appt, denying me use of my Groupon then telling me only select stylists accept those after I told her the about the fine print included in every Groupon voucher, then her finally saying she was a stylist herself. I was very patient with her (understanding that new employees don't need to be yelled at) up until the 3rd time she asked how to spell my name. I asked for a manager, was put on hold twice then hung up on. Annoyed, I called back and was greeted by another girl (Jenna) who immediately answered "is this Jennifer?!" No greeting whatsoever. I said no but went ahead explaining my situation after she apologized and said her call with a Jennifer had just been dropped. She was very empathetic and frankly, embarrassed at what she was hearing. She set me up immediately with a girl name Alyssa and apologized endlessly. She then explained the fine print on my Groupon voucher accordingly and said I'll just have a balance due and promptly sent an email confirmation. Jenna was very helpful.      Upon arrival, I was greeted and offered a drink. I was 10 min early and so was Alyssa. She gave a great consult, was very cheery and professional. She recommended a hot iron to get me some lasting soft curls but I was too concerned with time to indulge (I would have otherwise). She talked to me about the Oribe products and her knowledge of them really showed. I will actually purchase one she highly recommended in the near future (I lack shelf space right now).      At checkout there were computer issues but everyone was super nice about it. The receptionist then took my voucher and said everything was taken care of! I was in shock and made sure that there was no mistake. There was none. I left Alyssa a tip and happily left, already so eager to go back.      My advice, ignore the bad since people are always more amped to wreck a business than highly promote it. I only had issues with the scheduling portion but my visit more than made up for it. Keep up the good work, girls!
3	Very nice girl who did my hair.  Didn't love the styling on my hair.  Had some facials done in the past that were excellent!  Down side is that their estheticians are never available after work or on weekends...I work corporate hours.
1	It disappoints me to only give this  place 1 star. I've been a long time customer of Primp and Blow. In the past year I feel the customer service of this place has really gone down hill. Firstly, I can never seem to get an appointment time I want even if I call 24-48 hours in advance. I used to have a particular stylist that I went to at the Waterfront location, and was devastated when I found out she no longer worked there. Now I feel like I never know what kind of hair I'm going to walk out with. For my blowouts I usually like just a simple blow out with a beachy curl to it. Doesn't seem that out of control does it? Well every stylist at primp and blow loves to attempt to use the method of using 10-15 brushes in my hair, Which firstly is not enjoyable, I come to get a blowout to feel relaxed not to feel like I have a head full of wiry brushes, if I wanted that then I would just use rollers at home.  Usually, what I do is mention to the stylist that is doing my hair that the method of doing that doesn't work (because it never seems to hold, and also it ends up taking an hour and a half to do my hair!)Yesterday was Mother's day, and my mom wanted to go to Primp because they had a Mothers Day Special, a blow out combo for mom and daughter with a hair mask. I was hesitant because I haven't been enjoying my blowouts at Primp and have since been trying a new blow dry bar in Old Town. But I thought I would give it another try because of the package. The receptionist was kind. I was a little frustrated because I was placed with a male stylist, which is my fault because I didn't request a female. My mom went first and my stylist started on me 10 minutes after. My mom has short hair, and I have long hair. My stylist finished shampooing me before my mom was even done with her hair mask, which my stylist failed to provide me with (which really frustrated me because that''s the whole reason I decided to come back!) Then, of course, he decides to use the round brush method that I hate, my hair ended up taking an HOUR AND A HALF. And believe me, I do have long hair, but it takes 45 MAX. We ended up being late to another appointment we had because this took so long, and he kept pulling my hair! The brushes would get stuck in it, and several times he had to ask me if he was hurting me because of how much he was trying to pull the brush out of my tangled hair! It was miserable. Then, their suggestion to discounting our price because of the lacked hair mask by my stylist, was to credit us $10.00? I don't think so, they eventually gave us the $10.00 off. But I was in shock that they weren't more apologetic about it.Additionally, one of the managers told the receptionist to make a note in my account stating that they need to block an HOUR for my future appointments? RIDICULOUS! My hair doesn't take an hour to do, this stylist just couldn't figure out how to do it and ended up throwing off my entire afternoon because he took an hour and a half. So as if I don't have enough trouble trying to make appointments at this place, I'm going to be even more limited because of an inaccurate description of how long my hair takes to blow dry.Suggestions? 1) Do everything you can to get in your clients at the time slots they need. If I ask for a 12 noon appointment, I don't want a 7pm.2) It would be nice to mention to your clients if they are okay with having a male stylist. I worked at a spa before, and we always mentioned it to our customers prior to them arriving to make sure they were comfortable with it.3) When you have a customer that is clearly having an miserable blow dry that lacked part of an advertised package, and is taking an hour and a half, it would be nice to comp the blow dry. I had a miserable experience, and it was very obvious. I also had to fight for the $10.00 to be discounted off something that you failed to provide me?I'm disappointed with this place. I'll continue to visit the new blow dry bar in old town that I've been very happy with.
1	I called to make an appointment and the person was so rude that I never even booked.  Won't ever be going to this place!  Don't they know you can through a rock from their front door and hit 40 other salons?
5	Amani at the Waterfront location is the best, she is everything you expect from a hairdresser, cute, always dressed well and her hair and makeup immaculate!!!  I have actually booked her every Friday for the next 2 months;)
4	This is my favorite Primp & Blow location in the valley.  I have ethnic hair with no chemicals, and didn't think I'd find any who'd be able to handle it.  I came here about a month after I moved to the PHX area and discovered Vivian.  Vivian is a goddess with that blow dryer!  She is so good that she can get my course and extremely curly hair bone straight, shiny, and silky just using the blow dryer and a curl brush. Wow.  That takes skill!  Because this is the desert, we always add a hot tool for the finishing touch though.  I absolutely LOVE Vivian, and refuse to let anyone else touch my hair! :DI love the scalp massage that you get with your luxurious shampoo service; it's very relaxing. I may have fallen asleep during one of them. And the chairs at the shampoo bowls are comfy; they have pop-up foot rests so you may elevate your feet, if you choose to do so.The chairs at the styling stations were initially just ok.  They use to make my back hurt, but then I realized that they had pillows. I put one of those behind my back and VOILA! Perfect.They have many hair products for sale. I really like the Moroccan Oil line that they carry. I haven't tried anything else.  They offer hair extensions and make-up applications, etc.  I haven't tried any of those services as of yet, so I cannot speak on them.This location is bright and clean. I like the music selections that they play, and there are also TVs throughout for your entertainment.  They have iPads for guests to use while being serviced.There is cool mint and/or fruit infused water to parch your fiery throat during the summer (and all year round), and they offer an alcoholic beverage (I believe a mimosa?) for you lushes, er patrons 21 yrs of age and older. I also love that they have many Groupon deals throughout the year, and that you don't have to be a first time customer to take advantage of the deals.  The outside parking can be a zoo on busy days, but there is a free parking garage a few feet away, so no worries there.  Fashion Square Mall, and lots of eateries are also just a few feet away, so it's in a prime location.  Grab your friends, get glammed up at Primp and Blow, then go shopping, catch a movie, and grab a bite.
2	Walked in asking for beachy waves, walked out looking like Curly Sue. My stylist was really nice but yikes my hair was so the opposite of what I asked for. I felt like a pageant girl, not in a good way. I assumed that paying for a service like this they would understand what I was looking for when I explained the style I wanted. Disappointing.
1	I thought my stylist did a poor job. She didn't use the curling iron and used a round brush to make curls and literally 5 min after I walked out of the salon my curls were gone. It was a total waste if money. I wouldn't recommend this place for a blow out or style.
5	This is such a cool concept! You have a special event to go to and they wash your hair and style it in THE COOLEST WAY! There are blowdryers hanging from the ceiling and round brushes they leave in your hair. They even gave me a coke zero (wish it could've been wine but beggars can't be choosers). My hair looked amazing for the night and right now they have a buy1 get 1 free for new customers! I have to use it in 30 days!
1	I was so excited to try this place out. But unfortunately, my experience was not a good one. My hair stylist did her best, but it did NOT turn out to be what I wanted. That wasn't my biggest issue though. My big issue was with my make up "artist". I was SO UNIMPRESSED with what I looked like. My make up was horrible! I'm only 24, and she made me look like I was 20 years older. I asked for a bronze goddess look. She used so many white shades. Even as she was putting it on, I was questioning what she was even doing. But I figured she's the "expert" and I should just go along with it. When she was finally done, I looked in the mirror and basically laughed. I wasn't going to tell her to start all over again. So I paid and left. I FELT SO UGLY AND UNCOMFORTABLE walking back to my car. That is NOT a good feeling after paying $90. I was going to go to the mall and run errands, but NOPE! I Immediately went home, scrubbed off all the make up and ended up doing it myself. What a waste of money! Ugh!!!
1	Never again.My friend bought me a Groupon for a "classic blowout, hair therapy treatment, and a five-minute scalp massage".When I arrived, I asked for my hair to be styled with big waves which the stylist said would take too long since she would need to blowdry it and then style it. So, I was given the option to have my hair either dry styled or shampooed and blowdryed but not styled. Well, since I wanted the hair therapy and scalp massage, I opted for the blowdry.What a waste of time. There was no massage, it was the fastest, most rushed shampoo I have ever had, and I didn't get my hair treatment. Then, she blowdryed my hair as promised, but that was literally it. Normally this would include a round brush or paddle brush to at least make it straight and styled. Nope, it wasn't even dry. She kept asking me to run my hands through my hair to make sure it was dry - I guess she couldn't tell on her own. And she declared me finished with still damp, still wavy, and unstyled hair.Then came the kicker. I hand my card over to pay and the receptionist (a man but I forget his name) informed me that they would be adding gratuity and told me how much I was to pay! I am a great tipper, I will always fork over 25-30% for a good blowout because I have a lot of long, thick hair, but this girl didn't deserve a tip at all, let alone the 20% that was DEMANDED from me.I called several times to complain, the manager called me back and left a message, I called her back and left a message, then I never heard from them again.Terrible service, terrible customer service, and with so many options and competition, I will be going elsewhere - like Drybar - from now on.
