5	This is my favorite mall ever, even after my move to Boston. It combines normal chain stores (Gap, Abercrombie, Hollister, American Eagle) with upscale things (Louis Vuitton, Tiffany and Co., Burberry) all in one mall. Gorgeous on the inside too. Decent food court and a movie theater as well.
4	Scottsdale Fashion Square houses department stores such as Nordstrom, Dillard's, Neiman Marcus and Macy's.  They have a huge food court, sit-down restaurants, and a movie theater.  The roof is retractable!
5	I love this mall. You need a giant mall like this when it is 120 degrees outside! It is one of the only indoor malls that I like. I feel so calm when I am here. You can find just about anything in this mall.  The food court is pretty good.  I like Paradise Cafe for sandwiches.  There are sit down restaurants and a movie theater inside as well.  Plenty of parking or you can just valet.  My favorite Nordstroms is here.  I find the Nordies in SF to be too big and overwhelming.  The one at the Fashion Square is minimalist, well organized, and edited to suit my tastes.
5	A very nice high end mall.
4	#1 spot where you can see a fascinating menagerie of nipped and tucked Scottsdale residents. Tanned preteens in terrifyingly small miniskirts (that probably cost more than your car) and little dogs (sometimes in matching hats) included. They've got Lush, MAC, Anthropologie, Nordstrom's, etc. How can you go wrong? (Answer: by wearing grungy jeans and wandering into the Louis Vuitton store) Great mall to scour for salesrack treasures.
4	This is such a fabulous mall...I came to Phoenix over the weekend for work and happened to stop by in here.  For people who know California it reminds me of Valley Fair mall, with the LV, Juicy, Tiffany's, Nordy's and Macys.Its a great tri level ish mall, probably the best around in the Phoenix Area.
3	The only mall with a bouncer and a dress code.  It can get pretty douchebaggy in there.  It does have pretty much every kind of store you could ask for, though.  It's a good place for me to buy clothes for work (dress) and going out (casual).One big negative is that the parking here is just God awful.
3	Did I miss the door where they do the "Extreme Makeovers" on the way in the door?  Had I realized that my "normal" looks would have been so horribly out of place I SWEAR I would have gone through that door.  I even looked on the "You are here" map and I didn't see it.  Or is it secret - like the Bat cave?  In my teens and early to mid-20's I thought this place ROCKED!  I worked in a mall that had a location here and I loved having the excuse to make a trip.  A few months ago I mentioned to a friend that I hadn't been over there in a few years and she said we should meet for drinks at one of those spots that now surrounds it in a "are you IN the mall or NEAR the mall" kind of way.  I came after work on a casual Friday.  In jeans and a polo shirt I felt under dressed to be in the mall.  In a MALL!I'd gotten there early so I had a good hour or so to scan the place for old time's sake and maybe grab a new shirt before happy hour.  I was so disappointed.  Sure, there were always some high end shops, but there had been some "real" places too.  (The one Gap does not count) Maybe I missed the "I have a house payment - not a sugar daddy" wing?  I'm totally willing to admit it if that was the case.  After all - I'd already walked in the wrong door...Before I summarize here, let me mention that I never found a shirt.  Here's my problem.  I'm a plus sized gal.  I didn't need a tent store or anything, but I could use a Lane Bryant here and there.  Nothing.  Not one blessed plus sized store in the whole place.  I saw some women there who were my size and more.  Most of them were shopping with their skinny daughters.  Some of them SHOULD have been going up a size but were apparently determined to stay a single digit.  (Be afraid, be very afraid.)  Kinda killed my "shopping" mood.  So here's the thing.  We know this place has an amazing assortment of shops to die for.  I will love the Coach store until I die - so I know this first hand.  But for a mall this size to have gone so strongly in one direction, and to leave a regular gal like me just looking at shoes, soaps and the bookstore - is kinda sad.  It can't be 5 star good with that awful parking.  It can't be 4 star good, to me, because both of how it's organized and because while they sure do know their demographic - they could use to loosen up a little.
2	I work in the office tower attached to this mall and it is completely worthless beyond the food court for lunch and deals when Dillard's has clearance marked way down.  If you are into all of the trendy, overpriced, overly made up looks of today then this mall is perfect for you.  If you are over a size 10, do not want to spend $60 for a t-shirt, or think Kate Spade is a garden tool, don't bother.As another reviewer mentioned, this mall is full of 'beautiful' people, as defined by the OC or your local plastic surgeon.  I knew the mall was completely worthless when they removed the bookstore.  Who needs to be able to read more than MAC or COACH.I gave it one star for the food court and one star because it has an ATM for my bank inside which is convenient for me.
4	I've never been much of a mallrat. If I were, though, it would be here. The stores are good, the movie theaters are nice, and the food court is pleasant (though, no matter what I tell myself, I always end up with orange chicken from Panda). The stores here are nice and I can generally find whatever it is I'm looking for. Z' Tejas, Kona Grill, and the Yardhouse all have a fun happy hour draw, but look out for the margaritas at Z'Tejas. They WILL sneak up on you. My lady friends from out of town always seem super stoked about this place, and I suppose in comparison there are some pretty bad malls out there. I'm glad that when I do get sucked into a four hour shopping run with my girlfriend (who will go unnamed here... Christel) that it's here.
5	This mall reminds me of Northpark mall in Dallas- and anyone who has been here- i think would agree... they have a La Madeleine- a fave cafe of mine...the only NM store in the area, and most of the high end shopping boutiques...So if its hot outside- don your sunglasses and head on over to cool down in this sprawling mall...
4	i know i have a bad sense of direction and tend to get really disoriented in huge retail places with large crowds, but this is ridiculous. once i was trapped in here for about 30 minutes before, defeated, i went in to a calendar store (i never sawy it before or again) to ask the kid how the hell to get out.it's got three levels, sort of. sometimes there are just mini stairs of 8 or 10 for aesthetic purpose or to confuse people like me into thinking you've changed levels ...or not....they have usual mall staples, AE, victoria secret, Gap and then the designer stuff like Tifanny's, Gucci, Coach. It's nice that they've put it all in one mall so you know what to expect:  if you know that's how you shop you know where to go; if you know that's not what you can afford or care to spend your money on, you can avoid it - and the aforementioned type of people who do like that whole high-end shopping thing.
4	As far as malls go - and I hate malls - this one is tolerable. Just speed past the food court to avoid a cluster you-know-what. If you like upscale, this is your place. Me, I typically hit two to three stores and leave. But maybe that's just my shopping style.If you have the cash to blow, the time to spend and the desire to shop, then this is your mall.
5	"Three Perfect Days" is a great article series by United Hemispheres magazine.  They do "Three Perfect Days" in cities they fly into and Phoenix was reviewed and highlighted...But they missed Fashion Square Mall.Wedged in from 5-8pm on a Friday night in Scottsdale5pm Happy Hour at Kona.  Watch the post work crowd roll in from the valet line as they unwind from their 30 hour work week.545pm Stroll over to brewery while keeping your tab open at Kona630pm Socialize at "Z Tejas" and tease the trios visiting from Mesa715pm close the tab at Kona and then walk the mall to sober upSF has the cheesie triangle but Fashion Square has its own triangle right by the valet stand.Next time, when my friends come in, I'm pre-partying at Fashion Square "triangle" before W, 6 and SB (skye bar)
5	I will try to encompass all the things I love about fashion square in this review, but there are a lot so stay with me in this girly rambling. WARNING: If you are not a fan of stereotypical "Scottsdale", hate big malls, and are basically super manly.... you probably won't like Fashion Square Mall! If you are a male, I'm sorry but this review is definitely in a girls perspective. Now that that is out of the way let me indulge you in a great way to spend a hot day in Arizona. Scottsdale Fashion Square is a lot of hype but it is also a great mall. This huge complex houses restaurants, a movie theater, a build a bear, and many shops. Although this mall does have an upper class vibe, I have never found it blatantly obnoxious. Now I personally do not have the type of budget that can afford to shop til I drop at Fashion Square, but as a slave to fashion it's really fun to spend some time checking out what is new with your fave designers and possibly finding a great deal. One reason you really could spend the day at Fashion Square is because it is so big. Now Instead of going on and on about how much I love this mall I will put my love to good use. So here are some categories of places you may enjoy. Also one plus with Fashion Square is it has a lot of stores other malls do not, so I'll put as many as I can here for you.Glamorous:SephoraElectric Lady LandTiffany and CoJuicy CoutureMAC cosmeticsVictoria's Secret Designers:GucciKate SpadeCoachBurberryBetsy JohnsonSteve MaddenAnything in Neiman Marcus or Nordstrom'sBe sure to check out:Build a BearCrate and BarrelPuppies N LoveOk those are all girly stores, sorry guys!Eats:Z'TejasParadise Valley Bakery (my fave)Panda ExpressLOTS of food and restaurants to choose from!
4	This would typically be a 3 star review, but it gets another star for the following:* Great air conditioning* Arizona's only Neiman Marcus* Hilarious people watching* Great happy hour haunts in the basement* Everyone here has a better tan than I do  Scottsdale Fashion Square is large and in charge and is definitely a sprawling spectacle to see at least once.   There's no denying that it's a local institution -- even if the store mix is a bit too pricey and exclusive for some.
5	Oh my goodness.  I think I drool everytime I go into this mall.  I'm not a mall girl by any means, I much prefer independent boutiques for my shopping.  My hometown is home to the biggest mall east of the Mississippi (Palisades Center in NY) and I lived down the street from the Copley Mall in Boston for 6 years.  The Scottsdale Fashion Square blows them both away.If you can't find what you're looking for there it probably doesn't exist.  It has everything you could want from your standard mall like the Gap to luxury flagship stores like Louis Vuitton to wonderful department stores like Nordstrom.  Its big, its clean, and it never feels crowded.  There are a ton of restaurant options which is nice because the food court is rather meager.  There is a ton of free parking which is fantastic; I'm used to paying $8 to park at Copley.  The layout of the mall is a bit odd and we definitely had to wander around a bit to find where we parked our car.  I have to say that I didn't feel that I needed to dress up there at all, but even if you do feel the need its on par with other huge shopping centers elsewhere.  (South Coast Plaza in the OC, Copley or Newbury in Boston...)  This very well may be the first mall I start to frequent regularly.
4	While in Tempe for a wedding a while back, I decided to go on an adventure in my rental car!  Boy, am I glad I did since it is impossible to be outside in the middle of June!  SFM had Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Dillard's, Macy's,  and Robinson's May as their anchor stores.  They had smaller stores like Eddie Bauer, J. Crew, and Louis Vuitton.  This facility is the largest shopping mall in the Southwest.  It was very clean and bright.
4	I love you, I hate you...Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall pretty much embodies everything that is wrong with the world. It's a flashy, pretentious, over-priced suburban hell hole that encourages vapid shallow  people to waste their hard earned money on useless crap they don't need.  Ugly clothes created for unimaginative people hang like uniforms in store windows. Gucci and Louis Vuitton encourage 30k millionaires to max out thier credit cards, ironically, on a wallet. The food court is overflowing with spoiled 12 year old girls in slutty Victoria Secret "Pink" shorts, $1,000 handbags and way too much eyeliner. So... I pretty much love this place. In all seriousness I will probably be there tomorrow, so meet me by the Louboutins on the first floor of Neiman's. Bring your Amex.... but only if it's black!
5	All they need to do is add a Forever 21, and then I will never have to go to ghetto Fiesta Mall or drive through god-awful traffic to the Chandler Mall!
3	Keep in mind that I'vd been living in New Mexico for the past five and a half years...Valet parking, a limo pick-up spot and really flippin' fancy schmancy stores. SFS is great if:a) you're broke but need a little kick in the ass to motivate you to go out and make more moneyb) you've been kicked in the ass enough that you're finally making more money and want to show it offc) you've never had to worry about money because you've got rich parents/relatives etc.If nothing else, it's worth going to check out all the fancy sports cars zipping around the neighborhood or to watch urban princesses bicker over some triffle to remind you that your own problems really are real and that there are children somewhere out there in the world who don't have any couture at all!
4	This is just an elegant mall.  I like how it looks, and everything seems to be spaced properly.  It's a clean mall unlike many others I've seen.  There are a good amount of stores, and it kind of reminds me of the Fashion Show Mall in Las Vegas in a way, but it definitely has its own unique look.
4	I love malls.  I think I've been to every one in SoCal.  That being said, I don't understand the raving reviews about this mall.  Are the rest of the malls in Arizona that bad, that this is the mecca?  Don't get me wrong, I gave it four stars because it's clean, not crowded, and has great stores (like Tiffany's - btw, I was not treated differently even though I was in a LA Dodgers t-shirt and jeans!).  I did feel like there were too many little girls dressed up in clothes and holding bags that they didn't deserve.  But I feel the same way in South Coast Plaza in the O.C. , which would be a 5-star mall for me, along with Ala Moana in Honolulu.  Another question - Does anyone in Scottsdale know how to park?  I swear every car in the parking structure was over the allotted parking spaces/lines.
4	great shops. not too far of a walking distance amongst the stores. i found a few great dresses. though negative points for all the parking structers looking identical. i felt like a dog chasing it's tail when determining my bearings.  it is beige madness!!
5	Got a week?  That's about how long it would take to visit all the stores in this Mall.  I went on a Friday night and the place was packed with happy shoppers.  They have every store that you could ever dream of, plus some that you never thought of.  I was weighted down with packages in no time and my feet were so tired by the time made it from Nordstroms to Dillards, I gave up and went back to my hotel!
4	Scottsdale Fashion Square has just about every store I could possibly want while I am shopping. I love that it has the basic mall stores that I shop in, but it also has designer stores and more high-end shops that I occasionally want or need to shop in.  I also love that SFS has Neiman Marcus! Yippee! I think the only Neiman Marcus in Ohio was in Cleveland, so two hours from where I lived in Columbus. Now I have a Neiman Marcus 10 minutes from my house.  I braved Christmas shopping there this year and it actually wasn't bad. I went on a Tuesday night about two weeks before Christmas and it wasn't super crowded at all. I've gone other times during the week at night, and it's a great time to go.  Saturday afternoons on the other hand...watch out! SFS is super crowded and you have to fight the crowds both walking around and in the stores.  For such a major mall, I appreciate how easy it is to park and find a spot. I always park in the garage next to Nordstroms and never have a problem finding a spot on the first or second level.I'm not a huge fan of the Nordstroms at SFS...it's not the best one I have ever been to, although the shoe department is amazing.  Also, the BCBG store has a pretty lackluster selection of dresses and always has that picked over feel that a store like Old Navy is famous for.
5	If you can't find it here, it's likely that you don't need it... Love the Sony Style store, the dozens of clothing places, plus several great restaurants (T Tejas, YardHouse, Kona Grill, and a PB&J Place!). Store list here:http://www.fashionsquare.com/directory
5	Fashion Square is quite the success story. I don't actually know the entire story, but I know it's a success. It has done an amazing job of growing up with the surrounding area - eating up nearby shopping plazas and parking lots and expanding into the Mall of America of the South West.It's really difficult to shit on this mall. It has everything a mall can offer and then some. There's not much to dislike. It manages to strike a balance between posh and down to earth that isn't terribly off-putting for the working class, but rest assured it's definitely heading towards being too high-end and exclusive. To top it off, this place isn't overrun by children. You know you're doing something right when you're a tourist destination. Considering the humble beginnings, this is quite an accomplishment. My personal favorite part about this mall is that it's close to me. I also like the layout - even though it's massive, it's easy to navigate. The parking is pretty accommodating considering how much it has grown over the years. I've only had trouble on Black Friday or special events. Speaking of which, even though this place is a shopper's paradise, I seldom find anything to buy when searching for gifts. Maybe I'm cheap.The restaurants here are great and even the inside food court has some choice spots. Much more interesting than the typical Taco Bell and McDonalds unhealthy choices offered at most malls. Nearby, the full restaurants offer great near-fine dining at mid-scale pricing. Z Tejas being a personal favorite (to the dismay of my waistline).This mall attracts a deep pocket high-society crowd as well as pretenders. Some might find it irritating while others may appreciate the people-watching factor. Fashion Square continues to expand and deliver one of the best shopping experiences available. Its ability to stay relevant and modern over the years should keep it around for another 50 years. At this rate, by 2020, all of downtown Scottsdale should be part of the mall. Another 10 years after that and my house will be a Hollister.
4	Big mall with all of the fashion stores I wanted to hit, minus maybe an H&M.  Even was able to get a few drinks at the Yard House after.  Love it.
5	Great place to spend a HOT HOT Phoenix day...And as always, such a scene...This is a gigantic place with absolutely beautiful stores.  We went on a 113 degree Sunday so we knew it would be busy but since it is so big, the people have lots of room to roam.  Great people watching and window shopping for those of us without that 6th or 7th figure in the income.  When I win the lotto, this will be one of my first stops and until then, I will keep drooling over those Betsy Johnson pumps.Happy shopping!
5	One of my favorite malls on the planet! If I lived in Scottsdale I would be broke all the time (but dressed quite fashionably) because I would spend every waking moment shopping here.
5	This trip to AZ would not have been complete without our drunk shopping trip to the SFS. We began the spree at the Yardhouse..."spree" applies to both drinking and shopping. While sitting at the bar I often fantasize what it would be like to open all the taps and bathe beneath the beerfall...ahhhh refreshing!!! I had an assortment of IPAs and Forest and Brian drank snakebites. After becoming sufficiently tipsy we were off into the mall to continue the shopping part of the spree. It is so awesome that there are so many drinking options at the mall! Drunk shoppers=more money spent in the mall. There has been many a hungover morning when I woke up to bags full drunken purchases that I don't remember buying...glitter eye shadow, t-shirts with offensive sayings, sex toys...you get the picture. I have Forest to thank for many of those purchases!
4	i remember this mall from my short one year stint in Arizona. This mall is one of the best ones i've been too. I've been to most mall here in Southern California and Scottsdale is just that much nicer, cleaner and carry more of the expensive brands all in one location. My mentor once told me that before buying properties, first thing he looks at are the malls. It shows you the purchasing power of the neighborhood. With a few malls opening in Southern California hope one of them tops this, its about time.
2	I cannot stand this mall. They have some really awesome stores but the people who work in them are obnoxious. Most of the people walking around are snooty as can be, and everything is overpriced.The food court has some good selection, but is always super crowded and you can rarely find anywhere to sit.Parking is awful.
5	Reminds me of santana row and valley fair combined in san jose. 3 story and still opening new stores. I'm not a mall person and i would rather go to a independent boutique as well. Good for visitors!
5	Very large and clean mall. Good high-end shops. Generally an upscale crowd. Superior to Newport Fashion Island in Newport Beach, this is a haven for the wealthy.
4	this mall is huge. 3 or 4 floors. i dont remember but its huge man. i went here awhile ago (i was in town from cali for a suns/rockets game). i LOVED all all the sports stores were stockpiled with phoenix suns gear (i am a suns fan and all we have out here is mostly laker gear) so that was a plus. it was very clean and had some nice places to eat food. did i mention there were a number of milf's there? well now you know cuz
4	Oh my.....after not having been to a mall for two years, this was an orgiastic feast of consumer gluttony.  Started at the Nordstroms for the post-Xmas mens sale, shoulder to shoulder with the most glamorous men in all of AZ.  Next, sauntered the halls with the teens and tweens packed 10 deep to check out the more affordable chains (Banana, Structure) and spent 15 minutes waiting in line to check out just to pay for the privilege.  Exhausted after covering every store in this multilayered sugarfest, but exhilerated after seeing so many beautiful 50 year old women looking like the 60 year old version of Cindy McCain (which I think was how she looked at 80, right?  kinda 30ish).  Finally, waiting 30 minutes to get out of parking after stuffing my 30 lbs of semi-fine threads in the trunk.   Oh if only I lived in the land of endless suburbs....
4	This mall is nice and seems to have just about every store I like to shop at. It's a mall, like most indoor malls but larger with more stores to shop at. I can't say I really saw anything there I couldn't find in Chicago (although to be inside and not on Michigan Ave in the freezing cold was a nice change of pace for winter shopping).
4	Fashion Square is one of the few good malls in the greater Phoenix area. It has a full range of stores to accomodate any wallet-- from Wet Seal to Gucci, Dillards to Neiman Marcus they have it all here. Parking can be a pain and the food court sucks, but really.. who comes to a mall to eat when there are purses to adore at Louis Vuitton? Don't forget about Urban Outfitters across the street! Oh yeah, and Barney's NY is coming later this year! *squeal!*
4	This is a great mall. To me, it is metro Phoenix's version of South Coast Plaza in Orange County, CA., or Ala Moana Center in Honolulu, HI. It is a sprawling mall - and one section (area) was a 1/2 flight down which was sorta odd to me, but Juicy Couture & Marciano beckoned. Having been to SFS only a handful of times when visiting Scottsdale, it can get confusing if you're not paying attention to the layout. But then again, the variety of retail establishments doesn't disappoint even if you're on vacation. The parking situation can get quite snarled like the 405 Fwy. in So. California (esp. during the holidays), but otherwise, the "parking fairy" is always at the parking structure at the Nordstorm end - we always find a spot. Or there is valet parking.As other reviewers have mentioned, SFS brings out a good cross section of the Phoenix metro population (from spoiled teenagers, fashionistas, the Cindy McCain-esque ladies-who-lunch crowd, the average Joe, etc.) and it is fun to notice. In a way, it's no different from South Coast Plaza. I like the proximity of the mall to the Waterfront and the restaurants there - my friends & I usually have a bite to eat/ have drinks before shopping or vice versa. After all, we're on vacation.
4	Okay, so I'm a mall person.  I come from a family of born shoppers, and all of my frineds are shoppers too.  My boyfriend...he is not a shopper, which is nice, b/c one of has to save.Scottsdale Fashion Square is pretty close to retail heaven, in AZ.  I love upsacle malls, and have been to South Coast Plaza (Santa Ana, CA), Cherry Creek Mall (Denver, CO), and The Galleria (Dallas, TX). At Fashion Sqaure, one can find all the luxuary essentails: Burberry, Chanel (via Neiman Marcus), Cartier, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Carolina Herrera, Tiffany, Jimmy Choo, and more.  there are also department stores like Nordstom, Neiman Marcus, Dillard's and Macy's.Comming soon: Barney's New York!  Can I get a Wahoo?Aside from luxury and botique stores, Fashion Square has all the regulars we all love, like Express, Gap, Aldo, Abercrombie and Fitch, etc.So, when you're in the Phoenix area and need to shop, get yourself down to Fashion Square in Scottsdale.
4	I had heard about the beauty of this mall even before I moved to Phoenix- I was speaking w/ a manager at one of the stores in Illinois' Schaumburg mall (which is quite pretty and spacious, filled w/ plush furniture) when I mentioned I was moving to the valley (back in '03).  She told me that I had to visit Scottsdale Fashion Square (she had just arrived back from training there), and that I was in for a treat!  I do like walking through the mall- so many unique shops!  I sometimes catch advanced screenings at Harkins Fashion 7 (located next to the food court).  I especially love the water fountain staircase (see photo above).  I recently discovered that the Nordstorm Cafe here is different from that in Chandler Fashion Center- it serves pizza, sandwiches, and pastas, as well!  The heady aromas perfuming the air drove me crazy w/ hunger... I'm definitely going to have to dine here soon!
4	This is a really nice mall.  They have all the high end stores like Gucci, LV, Tiffany and they are even opening a Barney's NY in about 10 months.  Just walking into the mall it seems like this was a destination mall.  With 5 large restaurants with open seating, there were tons of people enjoying their libations and the weather.  Although we didn't have time to walk through out the whole mall, you can tell this was THE mall in the area.I would have given this place 5 stars however there were A LOT of middle school kids running around everywhere screaming and being obnoxious!
3	High end for high maintenance. If you're looking to make a serious crack in your credit card I'd suggest taking it here. The decor is very nice, the people not so much. If you don't look like you belong, i.e. having white straw bleached fake blond hair and a faux tan then you'll probably get snubbed by at least one of the other shoppers or a store clerk. Not really my style, but 3 stars for the nice building and fixtures.
4	wow I wish this mall was in CA.  they have so many of my favorite stores plus the great department stores: Nordstroms, Macys, Dillards.  Although it can be a little confusing, this being my second time visiting scottsdale I felt less lost while wandering all the different levels and wings of the mall.  it is a pretty upscale feeling mall even has a tiffany's.  I think my fiance wished they had more seating areas since he was waiting for me a lot at all the different stores :)
3	I like this mall only for the FEW shops that aren't anywhere else in Arizona. But I hate the mall for the snobby people that fill it up. Get over yourself you are at a damn mall !!!!
4	Once again, for my San Jose friends reading this, the Scottsdale Fashion Square is the equivalent of Valley Fair in Santa Clara.  It is a really nice mall with lots of high end stores just like Valley Fair......All the big anchor stores, Macy's, Nordstroms, and Dillard's are here.  They have MAC, Sephora, Aveda, and The Disney Store.  Then they have Louis Vittoun, Coach, Betsy Johnson, and Jimmy Choo.  But when I walk through Valley Fair I don't feel like I'm being looked down on....when I walk through Scottsdale Fashion Square, wow.....where did these people come from?  They are all skinny and blond and stuck up.  Now, I did not get that feeling in the shops I was in.....Sephora was about to close but I was not rushed at all and treated very nicely.  I made my purchase and chatted with the sales person for a few minutes before we left.  I guess it's just the clientle......and that would explain why there is no Lane Bryant store here.  I guess there are no big, beautiful women in Scottsdale.  HA!  This won't stop me from going to this mall.  It's a nice mall that reminds me of home.  They are doing some remodeling too.  The food court is not that great for such an upscale mall though.  I don't know if the food court is in the remodel plan or not but it might be a good idea.  There are also some nice theaters attached to the mall so that's a plus in the HOT summer here.  A movie and the mall....what more could you ask for on a HOT day?
3	One of the better shopping malls in the valley, though parking can be frustrating at times.  There are far more of the atypical shops here than in other malls, especially higher end jewerly (watches), department stores, and home essentials.  Decent restaurant selection is here as well.
5	OK, so I am a small town girl, and everytime I come to Phoenix I always HAVE to come to this mall. I am originally from Phoenix and wow is this place GREAT. Very high-end shopping but there are afforable stores here as well. You could spend an entire day in here and not have shopped everywhere. Not that I could afford it though- bring your credit cards or sugar daddy because you will need it in this tempting place. What can I say, the place is fab. The people are hotties, the stores are amazing, and the atmosphere is exhilarating. GO HERE!!
5	This is one of the nicest "malls' i have been in. Reminds me of the stores you find in LA or NY. Very cool.
5	Reading the awesome Lisa C.'s reviews from her recent trip to AZ has inspired me to review what I think might be the country's most hedonistically comprehensive shopping mall, Fashion Square in Scottsdale.* This mall is floor after floor of retail therapy just waiting to drain your wallet and sense of social responsibility.  With everything from Abercrombie to Williams-Sonoma, both the lower-end as well as ultra-spendy-designers are represented at FS Scottsdale.Jimmy Choo, countered by Wet SealGucci, countered by Hot TopicLouis Vuitton, countered by LimitedCarolina Herrera, countered by Charlotte RusseCartier, countered by Sunglass HutKate Spade, countered by Claire'sFashion Square also boasts five, yes FIVE department stores:NordstromMacy'sDillard'sNeiman MarcusBarney's (opening Summer/Fall 2009)My personal favorites:Everything But Water.Hands-down the most fabulous swimwear store I have had the pleasure of feeling physically inadequate in.  Everything from the fashion-only to the practical tankini.Electric Ladyland.This is where the Rock of Love set shops.  Everything rhinestones and glitter, skull-and-bones and rocker-cutesiness, utilizing the bare minimum of actual fabric.  I love coming here and endlessly fingerfucking the insanely marked-up merchandise.For Love 21.The accessories branch of the "Forever 21" chain.  You can find some pretty good fashion jewelry here.  Cheap.  Really cheap.  So when you lose your earring on the floor of some stranger's soundproofed, shag-carpeted van after partying it up in Old Town...you'll still have money leftover to fill your antibiotic prescription.BONUS!Best Game to Play at Fashion Square Scottsdale:  "Which one is the mom?"  Think carefully before you decide.  The amount of sun, regional interpretations of age-appropriate fashion, and disproportionate amount of plastic surgery can make this trickier than you think. --------------*This does not extend to their strangely incongruous food court.  Sbarro and Panda Express?  Shame on you, Fashion Square!
5	If you cant find it at Fashion Square it probably doesn't exists! After traveling to new york so many people asked if we went to time square and our answer was " why would we? everything there is at fashion square a minute from where we live" The fact that so many people travel to time square for the shopping and pretty much all of it is located in fashion square says alot.!! Even if you cant afford the 18000 purse at Burberry( ueah $18000)  or the $6000 stunning floral dress at Gucci, or the awesome bag at Louie Vuitton, they still have all the standard stores any mall would like wet seal , finish line holliter and pac sun.The only complaint is that it is very big and weird levels can make it sometimes difficult to find you way around.The only thing that I could truly say bad is The Grand Lux cafe is something that should have not been put in there. Blah food.
1	I go to Fashion Square at least 3 times a month shopping for cosmetics. I wear Estee Lauder products. I went to Dillard's to test a new product I saw in a magazine. I stepped up to the counter & it took me a least 10mins before an associate even acknowledge my existence. The sad thing was they were just standing around talking. Now I may not look like a million dollars but I do have money. One of the associates finally walked over to see what I needed help with. I let her know I saw something in a magazine & wanted to take a little sample since I have very sensitive skin. She told me they could not give out samples!!! I don't understand?!? If I sample a product and I like it I will return to buy it, and if you give me good customer service & treat me with respect I will purchase the product from you. Isn't that how you are suppose to sell your cosmetics. When the associate told me that i looked at her & told her never mind I will go to Nordstrom and I walked off. I walked to Nordstrom and I was acknowledged as soon as I walked to the Estee Lauder dept with a smile. I eft the store with a new bottle of moisturizer which cost $98.00 & a sample of what I was looking for. I enjoyed the sample a week later I went back to Nordstrom and purchased the product. I will never make another purchase at the cosmetic dept in Dillard's. They are rude, obnoxious & arrogant. I should have know better....I have always enjoyed the great customer service Nordstrom has but I decided to give Dillard's a chance. They blew it!!
4	I love Fashion Square Mall they have almost every store you can think of and the people watching is entertaining. I would give it 5 stars if they brought back Arden B!
5	After hearing from a friend that they were having their 70 percent off sale I took a break from my job in the mall to do a little shopping... I ended up in the men's shoes department where I was greated promptly and was happy to find a nice shoe selection. Much better than the other department stores in the mall. Dillards is the men's department store. After spending more than my 10min break i left with 5 new pairs of shoes for less than $150. brands like puma, Calvin Klein, and Ed hardy. i gave one of the associates my business card so he can let me know when the next mark down of shoes hits the sales floor.* this sale is still going on and fashion square has a bigger selection so it is worth the drive. I know us guys like to save some money too so i will do by best to keep you all posted on a good sale*
5	Fashion Square is fun for so many different reasons.  Its a huge, well kept mall with tons and tons and tons of shopping!  Plus, the people watching here is one of a kind!  I am normally not a mall person, but this place is a must see and a full exception to my anti mall atttitude.This mall is very high end.  Tiffanys, future home of Barneys, and everything else under the sun.  I know several people who consider this a destination spot when they come out to visit because of the draw that it has.  They even have Valet!  woohoo.Anyways, great place to bring your parents, out of town guests, dates, friends and anything in between.  The mall has several amazing resturants inside and out, and a great place to get drinks as well.  This place is bomb diggty!  You cant go wrong with this!  Fail free zone!
5	Oh my WOW! My friend and I dropped by to check out the new wing at the Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall yesterday, and lemme tell ya, its a big 10 in my book. It is beautifully! I thought for sure security was going to kick me out for looking a bit less than perfect, as everything and everyone else looked amazing. There are three new restaurants that have opened. Modern Steak (Sam Fox ) and Mercella's(sp) and Fred's (inside Barney New York). I have yet to dine in any of them, but I will be sure to review accordingly when I do. As for the shopping part, Forever 21 is huge, we needed one on this side of town for sure! There is also a True Religion, H&M, and a Christian Audiere there by Barney's. The outside of the mall looks spectacular as well. I guess Scottsdale is movin on up in the world, with a Barney's New York no doubt. Valet anywhere you need it, self parking is easy as well. A true mecca of shopping! :-) Now all I need is an abundance of money and all will be well. You must check it out.
3	This one is okay, I guess. The restaurants are decent (in addition to the food court) and the store selection is one of the best.There are a lot of stores here ranging from above-average (Everything but Water) to high-end (Gucci) but this is by no means the best mall I've ever been to and I don't see why everyone raves about it so much. The place is full of female shoppers - find me a ladies' room. Oh, you can't seem to find one? Over 200 places to swipe your worn-down credit cards while spending your (spouse's) hard-earned cash and the only bathroom I could find was tucked waaaay back in the corner in Nordstrom. I have heard there are more places to loo, but... where?
5	Scottsdale Fashion Square is the king of shopping centers in Arizona. It's unrivaled and it maintains it's crown through constant improvements, expansions, and new stores. Empty stores are rare. Try that on for size, PV mall. The food court is decent, but a wide variety of restaurants surround the mall, providing the shopper with an endless amount of stores, and a great selection of places to eat. Scottsdale Fashion Square aims to please the most critical, and goes above and beyond all expectations.
4	HUGE! There seems to be a lot of traffic. The only thing is that it smells terrible right outside near the starbucks and trolley stop. This place has tons of stores and 3 floors! There are lots of food choices in the food court. It is definitely on the higher end for pricing.
5	I never thought I would give a 5-up for a mall, but I miss this fashion mall, I really do.First, I parked in this swanky underground parking area, which took me directly to the part of the mall with the Barney's and (when I came) the soon-to-be H&M.  Damn I wish I didn't miss that H&M, cos i really did not feel like spending $300 for a shirt at Barney's.  Anyway, lots of restaurants and the swankier shops, this is the place to check out some top-tottie as well.  Big spender me, I had an espresso at the Nordstom's coffee shop.  Still, I had a good time at this mall and Christmas shopping just ain't the same at some junky old lame-ass mall, this is one you can really have a bash in.  I also liked walking around the 'canal' area nearby, and frankly the whole area has a 'ritzy' feel to it, which was quite unexpected after visiting some other shopping fiascos in the Phoenix area.
5	My second home! I love this mall it has all the stores I need I always take a full day to go shopping at this mall store after store this place does not disappoint!  It does not look like much from the outside but you will be surprised how much there is in there...for easy parking just go underground and you won't have to fight with anyone for a spot
4	Put on your MAC makeup and your best Jimmy Choo stilettos because if you look a hot mess in this mall they know you are NOT A local!!  I will raise Lynn W's Valley Fair to the following: If Valley Fair, certain areas of Los Angeles, Carmel by the Sea AND certain stores on State Street in Santa Barbara had a steamy one nighter.. outcome = Fashion Square... This mall is trendy, hip and way over the top.. yet laid back. There is no one trying to kill you as you are walking *cough Valley Fair in Santa Clara* ....there is little foot traffic and within the three stories people are well spaced out.... Tons of parking... tons of designer and chic stores.. everyone keeps to themselves.... Yes world... such a place exists....... Is Scottsdale secretly like that movie Pleasantville where things appear to be perfect but people are going to turn me into a robot??? Should I be paranoid????
4	I love this mall.  I agree with other postings that you need to look your best when you go to this mall.  I have been a few times with normal clothes on and I dont get the service or attention as I do when I doll myself up.  I love going to this mall when I have a few extra hundred dollars to spend on myself.  I also go when I want an extra special outfit. It is high end and the prices are much more expensive than if you go to a regular mall, but the stores are more high end as well.The best time to go (if you are $ conscious) is at the end of the season.  I went a few weeks ago with a friend and got 2 dress shirts, a workout outfit, and earrings for my daughter for less than $100.  All on clearance, but higher end items that I wouldnt be able to find at most department stores.  You definetly want to park underground or in the parking lot of the larger stores, because the above ground can get pretty bad.
5	Hands down the best mall in the Valley of the Sun. It's the only mall I regularly go to and the only mall that I shop at and actually enjoy shopping at. It does have a ton of upscale stores, but plenty of shops that fit the average person's budget. The mall is also humongous, at 1.9 million square feet in total, so you'll find something you'll like here. And they recently added a brand new expanded section, which makes the mall even more fun to walk around and browse. And I don't feel the people who frequent the mall are generally snobby, which seems to be people's most common complaint about the mall, but then again I don't actually communicate with them. The only bad thing about the mall is the food court, which seems really tiny compared to the likes of Fiesta Mall's food court ironically. It also always seems really crowded there also, I try to avoid it even if I'm craving a sugar cookie. They also took out La Madeleine, which was the best thing about the food court.
5	Probably the best mall I've ever been to. Anchored by five mega stores - Nordstrom, Nieman Marcus, Macy's, Dillards and Barneys New York. It's so big, it took a couple of hours just to walk it.My wife called it the best mall she's ever been too. Nuff said.
3	This mall is HUGE! They have an interesting variety comparedto  malls in the OC, where malls tend to be all high-end or all bargain oriented.  There are high-end stores mixed in with some more moderate ones to even out the shopping experience. The movie theater was a plus.  The mall also offered some interesting people watching.  I have never seen so many tweens with so much make-up! Ahh! The atmosphere is not friendly among shoppers, maybe because there was some weird social class drama going on I'm not familiar with? Not really sure... but it's still good shopping if you're in the area.
4	Great mall!!  You really can't go wrong with Niemans, Nordstroms, AND Barney's New York under the same roof.Mall is MASSIVE and just to walk it, WITHOUT doing any shopping will take a hour or two.  What fun would that be though?  Grab your Black Card, and come check this place out!
4	Wow!  Place is massive and I feel like a lab rat at times, but this place has it all.  Yes...all of it!  :)  This is definitly your mall if you enjoying shopping as much as Pretty Woman did when she got her "oh confidant" back!  Be ready to walk and window shop.  Prices are high but what do you expect from stores like Louis Vuitton & Gucci.  I enjoyed the scene and after some shopping - go for dinner they have a bunch of restaurants to explore and to fit your taste.
5	Love this mall! One of my favorite malls in AZ.
3	I really want to love this mall.. But I can't..& I don't. It has the stores I want.. 7jeans.. Anthropology .. Crate & Barrel .. Lush.. But the layout stinks... Two many step downs & levels.. Enough about that. Good stores..Couture to not so couture.. food..all the needs ... layout..NOT so much..
5	Scottsdale Fashion Square = Retail HeavenorScottsdale Fashion Square = Shopaholics AnonymousI thought I had it good here in the Bay Area.  Between Valley Fair Mall, Santana Row, and Stanford Shopping Center what more could I ask for?  Well, apparently a lot more!  This mall is out of this world.  In one crazy architectural set-up, you'll find super high-end shops like Barneys, Neiman Marcus, Cartier, Bottega Veneta, and Jimmy Choo.  In the same space, you'll also find Forever21, H&M, Guess, Hot Topic, and Wet Seal.  I highly recommend you ditch any kind of heels when perusing this mall.  If you're serious about covering ground, please opt for some cute Nikes.  In the midst of this retail nirvana, a little shop popped up and stole the whole show: Puppies 'N Love.  That's right, folks.  There's a shop that sells the most adorable and lovable dogs!!  My heart already melted before I set foot in the shop, and once I did, I promptly gave my heart away to a 4-month-old English Bulldog.  Anyway if you're in the area, add this mall to your itinerary!
4	This is one of the coolest malls that I have ever been to. Wit a selection of normal shops as well as the high end brands, his palce is nicely rounded out and has some good food at the food court. They even have some great restaurants too.
5	I have died and gone to shopaholic heaven. Walking through here I was salivating. They have everything you could ever dream of and the decor is fabulous. Its chic and upper class and I don't imagine a ton of high school kids venture here to hang out. If you are a poor college student like myself its a total tease but its always fun to look. We went right before they closed (which was probably a blessing) so we didn't get to venture into very many stores but we WILL be back.
4	Confessions of a shopaholic called and would like to inform all recovering addicts to avoid Fashion Square if you know what's good for your wallet. But like any addiction, why avoid it when something so wrong feels so right! So to all you shopping junkies, find a parking place at Fashion Square and set up shop for the day. Over the years, I've seen Fashion Square go from the movie theater being the biggest highlight, to the welcoming of Nordstrom which was a huge accomplishment for Scottsdale and now Barneys, Neimans and the list goes on. This place has pretty much any type of shopping imaginable. Whether you're looking for shoes, a purse, a deal, a gift or furniture, you can find it at Fashion Square. Since it's growing by the day, I can only imagine what this place will have in the future, but at this point it's home to several restaurants, a movie theater, book store, high end retail shopping, trendy cheap shopping, and everything in between. If there's one thing I can suggest, avoid it at all costs during the holiday rush hour and if you can shop during the off peak hours, you'll save some time and stress.
5	By far my favorite mall here in AZ - if you have a shopping problem like I do, it's a double edged sword.  It's an awesome location for the premiere shopping experience with some of the best stores and pretty much everything you could ask for.It's a wonderful place to peruse for sure! It's well kept, lit up, and has most every high end store you could ask for.  The parking lot is easily accessible and the layout is well planned.  Hosting various department stores, specialty shops, and name brands make it an amazing destination if you're shopping for the holidays to cross people out on your lengthy list, yourself, or just absorb and enjoy the atmosphere.  Also, if you don't feel like taking a break to eat at the food court, there are a decent selection of alternatives for better restaurants readily available for your convenience.After shopping in Chicago, New York, LA, and Vegas... I can honestly say this is a great alternative to some of the offerings of other more well known shopping destinations.
5	This is the BEST mall I have ever been too!!!  And I've been to plenty - whoo!  I was in HEAVEN!  They have everything!  Holy moly.  I couldn't even get through the whole thing in two days - well.....I wasn't there ALL day, but still.  I would have gone broke.  I felt like I was in Vegas - eyes all wide and mouth hung open with credit card in hand.  Dangerous.This seriously tops as my fav mall, beating out San Diego favs.  I will return to Scottsdale just to come here....and hopefully with better self control. lol.
4	I'm glad to see this mall is positively reviewed! I don't know why, but for some reason I was expecting to see a lot of negative reviews bitching and moaning about the expensive high-end stores (ummm...if you don't shop in those stores just don't go in 'em) and the people who shop in said stores (I think they make for fun people watching!). Anyway, this mall is huge! Since I don't live in AZ anymore I don't come here as much, but it's expanded A LOT from the time I started shopping here when I was in middle school. They pretty much have all your typical mall stores as well as the dept stores that I prefer (Nordstrom, Macy's, & Dillard's). There's a nice movie theater (Harkin's) right in the mall & a good food court. In fact, I REALLY like that over the last couple of years that this mall has phased out some of the "typical" mall restaurants and have added a Pita Jungle, Blue Burrito & Five Guys Burgers. The mall itself is always clean & IMO has a pretty decent layout. Even though parking can be a little tough during busy shopping times, there's plenty of it & it's mostly garage parking, which is nice in the summer. The only reason I'm knocking a star off this review (and yeah...this is kind of a personal reason) is although I appreciate that this mall has pretty much every store I like to shop at, the actual store's themselves in some cases are not my favorite. For instance, the Gap is kind of small compared to other locations & although the H&M here is just fine, I've been to locations (including the one in north Scottsdale) that has a larger selection of men's clothes. Overall though, this is my favorite mall in AZ and I love shopping here when I'm in town for a visit!
5	Wow this shopping mall was so big, beautiful and clean... Man everywhere I went you would just smell some kind of fragrance. I love their Anthropologie there, it was so big!!!I also have to add the LV Staff was very nice, got some complimentary Perrier Sparking water :-)There were so many places to eat there, but the food was okay.
4	I could literally write about my love affair with Scottsdale Fashion Square for hours...days....weeks....years....and STILL not have fully expressed my absolute devotion to this mecca of shopping malls.  So I will keep this brief.  They have every store you could possibly ever wish for (and so many you never knew you needed until you venture inside).  They stores range in pricetag from budget (think Charlotte Russe and Forever 21) to rediculously opulent (hello, Barneys.....hello, Neiman Marcus), and everything in between.  The movie theater is a fabulous place to meet friends for a Sunday matinee, and the pet store has arguably the cutest puppies on the planet - always.  The food court COULD offer a bit better selection, although with Paradise Bakery and Pita Jungle in the mix, I'm definitely not complaining.  I could spend many a happy day here just wandering the aisles, hopping from store to store, and basking in the joyous glow that is ME at Fashion Square.
3	I have no problem with the amount of stores at Fashion Square or the variety of eateries (either in the food court or elsewhere).  I think the parking is plentiful though the underground garage facing Camelback is sometimes tricky to get into.  I guess my main beef with Fashion Square is the layout.  Yes, it looks cool, but I never know which floor I am on, whether I need to take an escalator up or whether a slow succession of ramps will do the trick.  I never know where I am or where things are and I am not deficient in terms of directional skill.  That being said, I would rather go here than any other mall in the Phoenix area.
3	Let it be known... flash mobs are not allowed at Scottsdale Fashion Square.  I learned this the hard way and I am no longer allowed to set foot in my go-to shopping mall for the next year.Despite the "no flash mob" rule, I've been a loyal customer for years.  SFS is a shopper's paradise.  It has pretty much everything you might be looking for from Nordstrom, Neiman's and Macy's to Crate and Barrel, Banana Republic, Anthropology, Hugo Boss, Tiffany, etc... They also have a movie theater and food court and lots of other restaurants to choose from including Z' Tejas, Fred's at Barney's, Modern Steak / Modern Burger, Grand Luxe, and more.356 days left until I can set foot in Scottsdale Fashion Square again... until then, I'll be spending my $$ at local boutiques, the Biltmore Fashion Park, Scottsdale Quarter, and Kierland Commons.Feel free to PM me for a link to the aforementioned flash mob if you haven't seen it yet... and happy shopping!
5	FREDS SCOTTSDALE.  Great place quiet atmosphere, no kids no teensdining in, this is the place to just relax and enjoy.  The staff, the chefs andthe management is great.   The food is wonderful, i recommend this place all the time.  You will not be disappointed at all.
5	Scottsdale Fashion Square mall is always my first choice when it comes to shopping because they have a wide range of stores and the customer service in every store I've been in is awesome. The sales people are helpful, never pushy, and It doesn't matter if I am in Burberry or Buckle I always get an honest answer to "How does this look"? Every time I leave the mall I feel good about my purchases and that's what keeps me coming back! Oh and five stars because they opened up an Arden B in the new wing. The shopping gods must have heard my prayers!
5	This place is an unintentional riot for people watching.  Having worked at two different stores here over two years, this is geat people watching.  1.  The people who can afford to shop there 2. The people who might be able to afford things on the third level. 3. The puppy mill protestors. 4. Overhearing conversaions as Starbucks.  The overall clulessness of drivers at Christmastime.  Go browse (or buy), the selection of upper end stores is great.  Refuel at Paradise Bakery (stay away from Sabaro -- your stomach will thank me) and enjoy the free people watching.
4	I love this mall, it's huge, fancy and it has a nice ambience. This mall is totally going to be on my favorite mall lists.
1	I don't want to toot LA horn or nothing.....but this mall is worse than the desert.....even on sat its not a happening mall....I really don't know how this mall even gets by....boring boring boring ! This mall is such a dead lame BORE ! not only are people. rude in most stores they don;t even great you....idk every day when i walked into this mall when i lived here it was a horrible bore ! Even with there remodel end or new addition omg still a bore !!! Sorry scottsdale it's just not there for you....Az needs to up there ante like A cute out door Like the Americana or Grove that we have here in LA we need to get you that architect !
3	If you want to live it up like you're a Real Housewife of Beverly Hills...but you live in Scottsdale...Arizona, then this is the place to be!  There's a Gucci, Nieman Marcus, and even a Barney's all under one roof.  Don't forget -- the more you spend, the more fabulous you are!!!Want to feel extra fancy/important...Valet your car!Who cares that there's ample structure parking that's just as close.  Self parking at the mall is for poor people!!!
5	Looking for the best in luxury shopping in AZ? Look no further than Scottsdale Fashion Square. Seriously. Barney's, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Burberry are just some of the fabulous brands you'll find in this mall. Even if you aren't living large, the people watching and window shopping are amazing. And this multi-story mall offers plenty of affordable stores too.Think Forever 21, H&M and the faux jewelry haven, Charming Charlie's. If you're looking to dress high and low and get it all in one stop, SFS is the place to do it. The mall can be overwhelmingly large at times and I'd steer clear of the havoc that ensues over Christmastime. There's plenty of good eats nearby too; nothing like topping off a day of strenuous shopping with a glass of wine at the posh Modern Steak. Yes, you can valet. Yes, people dress up to go shopping here. Steer clear of the parking structures near Kona Grill and Nordstrom. Try underground by Barney's or Dillard's instead.
4	If you're expecting great things from Fashion Square, I hate to break it to you, but it's a mall. Plain and simple.Considering the massive indoor mall is pretty much a dieing part of our culture, Fashion Square is wonderful for what it is; a place to shop, eat, and catch a movie in a climate controlled environment (although the theater here is pretty bad, so I would recommend skipping the movie unless you're going to the small artsy theater just outside). What really sets Fashino Square apart from most of the other malls and shopping centers in the east valley is that it's mostly filled with covered parking structures and underground parking. No walking across the parking lot on 110+ degree days here! It's filled with mostly the typical mall shops, and some higher end stores for the Scottsdale crowd that can afford it. The stores it's missing are mostly the small mall shops that you usually never buy anything from because they're over priced concepts that were killed by the Internet and big box stores many years ago. If you have a need to shop, there's no reason to skip this place for anyother mall.
4	I am not one to usually do a review on a mall but I really wanted to put this place on a list and what can I say, this mall has everything! This place is fricken huge which is a good thing considering the amount of people that flock to it each day. At Fashion Square you can find a variety of people (rich housewives looking to spend the hubs money AKA Scottsdale snobs, hardworking business women, trendy guys, some couples. and normal every day people) and also a variety of stores that will cater to pretty much any type of person. There are highend stores (Nordstrom, Barneys, Neiman Marcus) but also more affordable trendy stores (the usual young women stores, macys, etc). Granted, I am more of a simple girl but I also like options and I like them all to be in one place. This is that one place. The only things I don't like is some of the people in the stores can be rude and snobby along with some customers, the mall is so large that it can be confusing to find your way around, and its so far away from me. If I was closer, then this would be my go to mall.
3	Though this mall has almost everything under the sun as far as shopping goes, it's hard for me to go to Fashion Square.  It takes a whole day to get your shopping done because the place is SO big.  Its the kind of place that people bring their miniature poodle with them in their purse.  Overall, the shopping is good, but it's kind of a hassle.
4	Very very good mall.  Didn't expect something this good to be in Arizona.  Good variety of stores.  Big. Yeah that's about it.
5	This mall has all the upscale shopping that you will ever need. Just make sure you come here with your credit cards in check as you are bound to fall in love with something when you come here.They have some of the best department stores in my opinion, and if you're looking for that perfect dress for any occasion, you have tons of options to choose from.I love how clean and perfect this mall is!
3	The shops are great and the mall is very clean! One of my top favorite malls.
4	Quite possibly the biggest mall I've ever been to.. There are 4 floors of a variety of stores ranging from high end to mid-range priced fashions.. There's a theater by the food court and after all the walking you do in this place it's probably likely that you'll be resting there.. There were a lot of stores that I enjoy shopping at in this mall but the high end stores really didn't do much for me because while it's nice to window shop, I don't particularly like to look at things I can't afford.. For the most part I like this mall more than most in Arizona but it was exhausting trying to get through it all and I even skipped one wing of it!
5	A great mall. You won't get bored here, this mall is huge. They have everything from forever 21 to Gucci. They also have a few good restaurants when you need take a break and recharge your shopping batteries.  I love this place.
4	This is clearly the best mall in Arizona.There's just no question.I will agree with everyone else that says: if you wear flip-flops and look like you're going (frankly) "to the mall", everyone will know that you aren't a local. Be prepared to deal with snobby people, they're everywhere. Other then that though, this mall has something for everyone. The Barney's is beautiful, they're upgrading the Victoria's Secret (reopens this summer) and the H&M they put in July 2010 is incredible.
4	Scottsdale Fashion Square ranks up there with the best malls/shopping districts in Southern California such as The Grove, Third Street, South Coast Plaza, or Fashion Island.  It's clean, has lots of light, and most importantly it offers a wide variety of both high end and low end stores.All too often, malls seem to be tailored to female shoppers but Fashion Square aims to please both men and women.  The first floor of the Barneys End of the mall offers Ted Baker, H&M, and Banana Republic all kitty-corner from one another, and Marcella's Italian Kitchen and Modern Steak just steps away.  You really can't beat that.  It's too bad that area of the mall also includes crap like Ed Hardy, but you can't win them all.I also like how the mall is somewhat divided between more fashionable/adult stores and tween/teen stores with Hot Topic, Claire's, PacSun, and similar stores all located on the second floor on the Dillard's side of the mall.  It means that if you are in a serious shopping mood for the most part you don't have to put up with grungy teens running around and bumping into you.  The only real complaint I have is that it's all indoor but given the often oppressive desert heat that's certainly understandable.
5	This is the greatest mall in AZ!!!!!!!!  I may not be able to afford everything in it all the time but I love this place!  I love the shops, restaurants, bars, and they have a movie theater!  They have made several additions to this mall and it just makes it better and better!  All they need now is a bloomingdales and this place is set! Love it!
5	Was there 30 minutes ago. I had to make a quick review..for the girl that grab my butt inside the Hollister store..naughty naughty lol. Anyways..it's an overpriced 3 floors mall and 90% of the stores are for females so you're going to find a lot of fine as az females there :) 5 stars for that & 1 more star for the girl at Hollister aha.
4	Go here for the people watching. Bunch of people spending to their credit limit to look like they're made of something. It's hilarious/pathetic. On the actual shopping front, they have a lot of good stores. But then again, the mall is pretty huge so it would difficult to not be a good mall.
5	Gucci and Louis Vuitton are right across from each other. Enough said.  Not that I actually walked away with a shopping bag from either (my logic of lower sales tax saves you $$ didn't work on the Mr.) but it's nice to know that both stores were so accessible! But aside from the obvious handbag mecca, all my favorite stores are under one roof: Anthropologie, Crate and Barrel, Nordstrom. And the advantage of the AZ heat is that it's all indoors. So while I wander the streets of downtown San Francisco in a jacket and knee-high boots in mid-July, I can shop the exact same stores in Scottsdale wearing flip-flops (makes a difference when trying on shoes) and not having to cross a single street! Yes, I will definitely be back and next time I'm leaving with a new handbag ;)
4	This is the best mall in Arizona.  Lots of high end shops and nice restaurants.  Except during the holidays, plenty of covered parking.
4	whats not to love??? Its scottsdale fashion square..if you like fashion you will like this mall.
4	This mall has always been great and has always been clean. They really do have a little bit of everything here so it's not like you just have to shop at Barneys they have H & M too!! They have some great restaurant choices also so that's what we did on our last visit. We shopped for a while and then headed over to Modern and sat at the bar and grabbed some drinks and Appetizers
5	This place has it all.  You might have to shop a while to find the right price, but in time I always find what I'm looking for and close to the right price.  No better place to spend a hot summer afternoon.
5	Me and malls, BLECCCHH.....but I have to say, I love this mall.  I miss this mall.  I could walk this entire HUUUUUUUUUGE mall and never get bored.  Tired, yes, but never bored.  They really built this place up over the years, and it's gorgeous.  Some very high end, but also some reasonably priced stores, too.  I haven't even seen it in the past few years (having moved to CA), but I speak with friends, who tell me the latest happenings.  They frequent this mall all the time.  It's okay......I WILL go back someday.  This mall has something for everyone.  I can't say that about most malls.....at least out here in SoCal.
5	This mall has everything that is too expensive for a typical person to buy. If you have money, you shop here. I did feel a little intimidated by some fellow shoppers. I did have an excellent makeup experience at Sephora.
3	I like this mall, but wow, this mall hates babies. Well babies in strollers... I also wonder how people in wheelchairs feel about this mall. Let me tell you why... It's all the annoying elevators!! OMG why do I have to take an elevator from the entrance to the food court that is only 10 ft below? A ramp would have made more sense! Then I walk past the food court and OH GUESS WHAT another elevator to go back up 10 ft so I can walk around the mall. Do you know how annoying this is when you have a stroller!? I really think it would be easier to lug the stroller up the stairs but I don't want to put my child in danger. And the elevators are so confusing. EVERY time I go to this mall, I'm in the elevator with other parents trying to figure out how to get to the right floor. And when you're on the floor that actually has ramps.. the ramps are on the left side... then as you keep walking, the ramps are now on the right side. Our trips here consists of a lot of U-turns! Whoever designed this mall is inconsiderate. So put your child in one of those carries and you won't be stuck here for 10 hours.
4	Great shopping. Even better people watching! Here you can shop stores ranging from H&M and Pac Sun, to Prada, Gucci, and Louis Vuitton. It's a pretty upscale mall, so most shoppers dress to impress, while other people recognize the fact that it is still JUST a mall, so they don't. That being said, you'll never feel out of place, no matter what you show up wearing. I love the valet area the most... it's littered with tricked out Bentleys, Lambos, Ferraris, and Aston Martins! I mean, I drive a REALLY nice car, and I would still be ashamed to valet it there!My favorite store is probably Lush! I have a tendency to spend a lot of money in that store!! Sephora is a close second... I'm always on the lookout for my next favorite cologne!Fashion Square also boasts some pretty good dining as well! Modern Steak, albeit very pricey serves up a damn good slab of steak. On my next visit I'd like to try the Kobe beef hot dog!! Z Tejas, Kona Grill, and the Yard House all offer great happy hour and reverse happy hour deals on food and beverages!All in all, this mall is impeccably clean, very inviting, and fun to shop!
5	I use to be a regular at SFS when I lived closer.  But since I am moved to East LA, I have not been to SFS in a LONG time (4 years).  My 16 niece was in town from Ohio and our mission was to hit all the stores that they do not have in Ohio so she would have clothes that no one else at her school or town.  It was fun!  We walked the entire mall in 3 hours and got a ton of stuff.  Loved the new additions and nice to see the old staples get  bigger spots.
5	My go-to mall when I'm home. I love that there's a Nordstrom AND a Neiman Marcus here. (Plus all the other good stores....) Plenty of options when looking for items such as sunglasses or handbags. I never have an issue finding parking here too.
5	I am a gucci girl and am so thankful you are close! Love your fall collection and the sales people always go above and beyond to help me with my purchases!
4	I used to live in Snotsdale, and this was the premiere shopping mall for that town with endless shopping choices. At least for the self-perceived hoity-toity types who sought brand names and designer boutiques. Or lived too far away from Kierland Commons to come down here. Where I used to live in North Scottsdale, I could walk to 4 different shopping centers off Frank Lloyd Wright, the street named after the celebrated Architect, who settled into Taliesan West later in life, in the hills just above Scottsdale. This one is of course enclosed, given the 115 degree heat outside in the summer. It is larger than most suburban malls, several stories high, a movie complex, large food court, several key anchor tenants, most of the usual mall specialty stores found in all malls, and a smattering of higher end desginer stores usually found on more exclusive streets or in meccas for foreign tourists seeking designer labels to take back home. Scottsdale has two sides to it. There is the summertime, where the families who live here full time come here like they do all over the country, to hang out, shop, eat, and go to the movies at the local mall. Then there is the winter time crowd, which is mostly made up of neuveau riche or wannabes, snowbirds seeking spa and tee times, and braggadocio sports affiliated douche bags with muscle cars seeking a hot nightlife or hoping to run into Jenny the Porn Queen in Paradise Valley. Fortunately, most of those undesirables stick to the little hotel situated shops or a cigar humidore. Scottsdale never saw a shopping mall it didn't like, and this is their crown jewel.
4	This is definitely the best mall in AZ; it is actually the nicest mall I have ever been too.  The mall is very well kept, it has great stores, you don't have to pay for parking, a wonderful play area and employees are all friendly and helpful. The only gripe I have is their elevators are too small for mommies with strollers and toddlers in tow.
3	This is a nice mall but no matter where you park, you have to walk forever to get anywhere. In fact, you walk and walk and walk, period.I much prefer the Biltmore for all of my shopping needs.
5	Every store you could ever want is here: Nordstrom's, Macy's, Michael Kors, Ted Baker, Ann Taylor, Kenneth Cole, Kate Spade, Jimmy Choo, Williams Sonoma and tons more!
5	This is the best place in the Southwest to go broke. Between Neimans, Barneys, Nordies, and all the boutiques, you will swipe that AmEx so many times, it will probably burst into flames.But it'll be SO worth it.If you don't have a rich&famous budget, don't worry. They have a great H&M, JCrew, LOFT, Ann Taylor, etc etc. And if you're a beauty addict - the Mac store is great (ask for Lauren), and the counters at the department stores are fabulous too!
4	If you want expensive Louis V this is the place to go.
5	For many, many years Scottsdale Fashion Square has been a great place to see and be seen. It's hard to not find what you are looking for. Personally, I love their Dillard's and the Nordy's is better than any of our cheesy little So Cal Nordy's. (Nothing compares to Seattle/Bellevue and Miami for Nordy's, though.)This mall continues to grow, recently upgrading a few of the restaurants and bringing a really large Barney's to the Southwest. I'd take this mall any day over South Coast Plaza, the Grove and/or Fashion Island in LA. It seems more relaxed and the pace is less hectic. If you decide you must brave the mall at Christmas, be patient with the parking. Folks seem to have a tough time parking their rigs in the well-lit huge garages surrounding Fashion Square. Parking is free and there's no 2 hour time limit imposed on you.
4	hmm how should i break this review down...? shops - 5 stars. has everything a girl could ask for! big department stores from macys, to nordstrom, to niemans. also has all the shops that i like to hit up such as express, forever, free people, cathy jean but if you want to splurge, they have those stores too! i only wish there was an apple store here.parking- 2 stars. for such a big mall..there is not a lot of parking. and the parking lots are mainly parking garages where the aisles are narrow. food- 5 stars. i normally don't like malls with food courts but fashion square does foot court right! lots of different options whether you are looking for something quick or if you are looking for a sit down restaurant! also has a variety of different cusines! kind of..there is also a movie theater! and i love that fashion square is right in the middle of old town too!
4	Certainly some aspects of it are pretentious, but they get all the great stores, and have still maintained some of the standard mid-range stores.  Parking, while bewildering at first, is rather convenient and easy for a mall of this stature and size.  Compare to the Beverly Center or The Grove in LA and it's great.
5	Pretty darn high end in all the right ways.  Outdoors, Indoors, Movie Theater, Dining - all the standard stuff - but done up nice and pretty.  Sure it is expensive but in all reality it didn't feel stuffy at all.I loved the furniture stores and the decidedly Arizona feel to some of the shops while mainstays like Boss, Ferragamo, Gucci, and Armani all hold down the haute couture end quite well.Add in the free parking and air conditioning - if I end up in the area I've no doubt I'll be here frequently and my bank account will be none too fond of it.
3	This place kinda makes me feel like i do not belong. If your not driving a Beamer or a Audi of Lexus your dirt. At least that's what the people that shop at fashion square think like. I'm happy I dont live here because all the people are fake as can be! Look at my car my daddy bought for me! Ughh sorry sweetheart your 18 and I'm pretty sure you don't even know how to parallel park. ok sorry off to the review... :)This place is the mother of all malls as far as shopping goes. There is bound to be some place you will like. Between all the delicious restaurants and all the retail shops, you could make coming here a entire day event.  There is a huge food court and a movie theatre. 3 stories of shopping and who knows what else I havnt seen yet. Always come here to eat at The Yard House. Best restaurant in Phoenix.
5	The best mall in the Phoenix metro area. It has really everything. From Banana Republic to Jcrew to Nordstroms, Neimans, Gucci and Louis Vuitton. It definitely carries all the high end stores but also has the affordable shops too. The food court is great and diverse. Some of the department stores offer their own valet but I like to park myself because it's free.
4	This is a big mall and its hard to remember where all the stores are and its tricky to navigate around the many different levels of this place.  The stores are in general all nice though and the environment is clean.  Definitely more on the side of "high-end" stores.
5	very nice setup and they are stll redoing this place and i love to visit Z Tejas alot which is right before this place i have been here multiple times for clothes
4	Rest assured, if you need anything and you're in Scottsdale, you can find what you're looking for at Fashion Square Mall. This place is larger than most suburban cities, and probably has an operating budget that would make a congressman blush. If you look at it from a store perspective, this mall is 5 stars. They have every store you can think of. Ferragamo, for instance. While most malls have one store with a small selection of Ferragamo, Fashion Square has an entire store dedicated Salvatore and his fine leather goods (Treat yo self!). Same goes for 7 For All Mankind denim...The list goes on. Fashion Square also features a Neiman-Marcus, Barney's Tiffany, pretty much every high end store there is. For those of you that don't make $500,000+ per year, there are also lower cost options like H&M, and middle of the road options like Nordstrom.In addition to a ton of stores, there are 6-8 full service, sit down restaurants in addition to the food court and a movie theatre. If they were to let you sleep at Crate and Barrel, you'd never need to leave this mall. In terms of downsides...Parking isn't great, and when the mall is busy, it's packed. Even with three stories and hundreds of thousands of square feet, it still feels like a sea of people that you're trying to fight through. Also, it's so damn big that you're constantly fear that you're going to get lost. I've probably been to this mall 30 times and I'm confident that there are 100+ stores that I've yet to stumble upon. Additional Note: If you're planning a flash mob and think the mall might be a good spot, just move on. Fashion Square is NOT kind to people flashmobbing in their area.
5	I love this Mall, but my bank account struggles with my relationship here. Any store you could possible want is located here along with many delicious restaurants and of course a movie theater. This mall is always clean, from the bathrooms, to food court, to the random chairs located throughout the mall, zero stains or rips on the fabric. Its a rather large mall so its easy to spend time there. There are multiple parking garages and a valet service where you can get your car washed and detailed while you shop. Its the epitome of Scottsdale.
5	One of the best malls I have been to. HUGE!!!! all types of unique and high end shops including Barneys and Nordstrom. The parking is a pain but so worth it! Oh and it is in Scottsdale so ummm unreal HOT girls everywhere!! Holy Shit! But yeah other than that it is mall check it out and you will probably get lost.
2	Parking is impossible here. There are no directories around when you need them. The mall is split up across a busy street and several sectors. There is literally one, ill-placed entrance to the mall, which is impossible to find. I think this place was set up just to experiment with insane rabid shoppers, because I can't see why anyone would choose to go here knowing what it's like. Tis especially true considering the abundance of nice, new malls in the Phoenix area that are much more pleasant than this one.
4	This place is HUGE!!! I spent a good chunk of my Saturday here shopping and just walking around. As soon as you think you're done with a section of the mall, you turn a corner and find yet another stretch of shops. FUN!
5	This mall has everything including Neiman Marcus, Nordstroms, and everything else you can think of. Layout is a bit spread out, but I could live here and never leave!
5	We were fortunate enough to have our hotel just a couple of blocks away from here (hubs would disagree with me on this  LOL).  Beautiful mall, great architecture and quite the eclectic mix of stores.  You have the high end icons like Neiman's and Barney's and Jimmy Choo but you also have Forever 21 and H&M.  There is the mandatory food court as well as some other nice restaurants attached and even nicer ones across the street.If nothing else, this place is great for just walking around in (and sometimes getting turned around from it's configuration) and browsing which I would imagine is a good thing when its searing hot outside.  Wish I had had more time to explore but I got hung up in a few stores.  When we return to Scottsdale I will so be returning here and with more space in my suitcase!
5	Lots of awesome stores! Expensive and normal price...it is an indoor mall.  Has Starbucks and a Tiffanys...my two favorites!
4	I'm not a big mall person, but I can appreciate a nice one.  Fashion Square is very clean, and has nice architectural details.  I love the fact that although this mall has many high end shops, the sales associates are not pretentious.  When I first moved to Scottsdale, my brother and I went shopping here a few times and always had a good experience.  Parking is a little crazy, but I always manage to manifest a great parking spot. :)
5	Pretty sure I heard this mall was rated #7 in the US! It definitely deserves it! Its beautiful and has something for everyone :)
5	Had fun just window shopping at this mall.   One of the best malls in the U.S.
3	Scottsdale Fashion Square is a freaking massive mall with tons of high end shopping. Barney's, Nieman Marcus. Tiffany, Jimmy Choo. On the flip side, there are also lots of affordable shopping destinations in this mall such as H&M and Forever 21. The layout of the mall totally sucks, it's hard to find anything you are looking for but fun to wander with no destination in mind. I liked the food court and palm court areas. This mall has a ton of dining options, from the quick walk-by snack to an elegant sit-down meal.
4	This is a monster sprawling mall. There are many many stores inside as mentioned by other reviews with "everyman" type stores to your high end designer brands. All bases covered.They have the same spread food-wise.All in all, a very complete mall. Parking can be hard to find in some areas but we had no problems. It's clean and well kept if a little confusing to get round.Comfortable place to while away the time, although be careful if you walk by Lush, some people may love that smell but it was just too much. Noxious almost!
5	The mall of malls, for sure! So many designer boutiques, so little time! On this trip, I was given the utmost in attention from the fabulous women at the Fossil store....what fun they were! I enjoyed a smoked chicken & black bean salad @ Z Tejas next and the service was excellent. I then perused the new styles at Aqua before finding a great pair of shades at Solstice = shopper's bliss :)This review is a bit late; I visited the center on 1/27/12 - and I'll be back :)
5	Ok, I must admit, I have driven around, through, under and over this mall several timesin my treks through Scottsdale, but I have only ever stopped to run into Nordstrom and / or Macy's without ever venturing into the "mall" area of this magnificent place! The other day, I finally had to make a trip to Tiffany & Co, to pick up a gift for a friend having a milestone birthday. As I walked through the doors of Dillards and past the cosmetic counters, into the "mall" I literally had to stop and absorb. I have heard many fantastical and amazing things about SFS, but never have experienced its grandeur for myself. Omega, BCBGMAXAZRIA, Roberta Vendetti (SP), Betsy Johnson, Prada, Coach, and so so so much more were all right there in front of me. I literally thought, "Oh sh*&, I have died and gone to heaven." I LOVE THIS PLACE and I don't ever want to leave. I whipped out the iphone and texted my husband to let him know, "babe, it has been a great 21 years together, unfortunately, I have found my place of comfort that I never knew existed but always dreamt would. It was nice knowing you, I am never coming home." I felt like a little kid in a candy store. Unfortunately, I was on a time crunch, and I had to scoot past all of the shiny, new, and wonderfully beckoning store doors to my T&C destination to obtain my previously placed order for my friend's gift. As I was walking past Prada, they were switching out the window display and
4	I like this mall.  I however can't afford most of the stores in it.  :-)
4	While visiting my dear friend in Scottsdale, AZ- she knows I am a shopping addict so we spent a few hours here. It's a nice mall for sure,  probably one of the largest in the area. Upscale, along with shops that regular folks can shop at. A nice food court and also sit down restaurants as well. I wouldn't hesitate to visit this mall if I were local, and if I am ever in the area again I would probably go back
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!prettt pretttyyyyBecky central.Shiny car mecca.Find everything you want, all the while feasting on some eye dessert.Don't forget to dress nicely.R\_
3	[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]Serious identity crisis going on over here...I'm boughie...I'm your typical mall...I have a food court...I have some restaurants...what is going on with this place? Gucci next to Bath and Body Works...okay, slight exaggeration, but what is going on around here?!?Confused and not much time to shop...we walked around and hit a few stores. This mall is interesting to say the least. At least it has a Nordies, that's always a plus. Interesting set up and selection of stores, but it got its job done, we shopped and spent money!!It makes me understand the "Snots"dale reference completely...
5	I LOVE this mall! Great variety of stores and restaurants. I wish we had a mall like this in Tucson. Then again, it's probably a good thing that we don't as my pocketbook would be much lighter!
4	Everytime I asked someone where would be a great place to shop in the area, this place is the answer I would usually get.  Close to the base of Camelback Mountain, this place almost reminds me of Ala Moana Center in Honolulu (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ala-moana-center-honolulu) with the sheer size and endless places to park.  With that being said, there is so much parking, it is hard where in the hell to remember not only where you parked, but how you got there!This place seems to take up a few city blocks, and even goes over the street once or twice.  It's a decent size mall, and its anywhere from 2-4 stories at any given point.Lots of store options and lots of fancy store options at that (hence the name of the mall).  I liked the fact there was a NM there- one of the main reasons I kept going back.I like how the food court is on the bottom floor and you can get a great view from above.On a side note, after I left NM, I started walking back to my car (at the opposite end of the mall) and it was weird because I walk pretty fast, and I noticed someone was approaching me at a steady speed.  Some chick came up next to me, walked side by side, then turned around and bolted into a men's store.  She was cute, but that $hit was too weird for me.  I mean to me, that was like a gold digger on recon!  She must have ran when she saw my face :).Another nice thing about this place is that if you cant find it in the mall, there are a crap ton of stores right near it...
4	Yup. Definitely a fancy mall for that credit card burning session.A combo of outdoor and indoor. You probably can find most everything the average person can't afford here. It seems to be the spot for malling in Scotsdale.
5	oh my the elite- rich and famous park here!  So I just parked,  heading in the mall to do some shhhhoooooop- ping!   a huge land rover drives by blasting some hip hop music, me and my parrot (my 10 year old) start pop locking and dropping it!  the car stops and laughs!  Guess who is driving- Larry Fitzgerald!  Last time I was shopping it was Alice Cooper- oh and Jenna Jameson but we fought over a Dior dress at Nordstroms- she won of course "damn body gaurds"That's Hot.  I don't know what shocked him more A. Mommy and kiddos doing the Wobble or the fact that this white girl had no kadunk a dunk in her trunk but can take on the wally world danceTrue fact-  I always wanted to be a "Video Hoe"I also photo bombed a photo shoot- hence the stupid yelp pics uploaded~ had to give the photographer my email!
5	If you are visiting Scottsdale and don't go to this mall, you are CRAZY. They have something for everyone here. It is the BEST mall in AZ by far. Plenty of high end stores and good food right around the mall. A must go for all tourists. Only downfall...no Apple store.
5	Fans of Mall shopping everywhere drool over a visit to the upscale Scottsdale Fashion Square. There's just so much to choose from it'll make your head spin!My favorite shopping spot in the greater phoenix area; Dillards, is tucked neatly away here. They are a huge store with a nicely put together mens dept, which is easily just about the same size as other stores themselves.There are plenty of nice food court shops and full service restaurants to choose for when you get worn down from an afternoon here.I might suggest that you hide your wallet when you visit and bring cash or you might end up spending more than you mike like ;). As always spend responsibly and happy shopping my friends!
5	I love this  mall!!! If you are in Scottsdale, Az  , you have to go there, and after you are done with your shopping, there s plenty of great..  I mean great restaurants to  walk to! One of the best mall i have ever been if  not the best!! Some  stores are very high end  but you  also have something for everyone as there is plenty of stores to shop too.
3	I'd go 4 stars but the fact that they have an Ed Hardy store knocks it down to 3. If you like cougars and a lot of fake appendages then this is the place to be.
5	i never, ever, ever shop here...unless it's to stock up on my louis vitton socks and underwear. it is a beautiful mall, with all kinds of tricky levels, a good food court, and a movie theater. there are some reasonable stores there...express, h&m, gap. it's a really nice mall to go when it's ridiculously hot outside and you don't have to shove too many tweens wearing skinny jeans and 80's glam t-shirts off the escalators.
5	It's by far the best mall in Arizona. The place is huge and designed well, it's not hard to get from one end to the other in a short amount of time either. Any store you can imagine is here including little boutiques, and a full size movie theater in the food court.
5	There are stores here at which I never shop (e.g. Tiffany, Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus, Burberry, Louis Vuitton, Prada) and those which make up a lot of what's in my closet (e.g. Ann Taylor LOFT, H&M, Charming Charlie, Abercrombie & Fitch, lucy, Victoria's Secret, etc.). There's also Sephora, Sunglass Hut, and Coach. Some restaurants include The Yard House (yum!) and Grand Lux Cafe. The food court has a Paradise Bakery. Valet parking is available, and there's a parking garage as well. This is my favorite shopping spot in the Valley. You can very easily stay here and lose your entire day...as well as the contents of your wallet.
5	LOVE this mall! its pricey but its clean of all the trashy people and it has great stores :-) enough said! CHECK IT OUT!
5	One of the nicer malls that I have been to. Definitely the biggest mall that I have ever been to.  Nice stores, nice area- downtown Scottsdale. On Camelback, which will take you to downtown Phoenix as well.
1	The Skinny: Encountered rude staff. The Fat: Pit stop, the mall seemed decent but because it's also Arizona, they get a one star anyway. I absolutely hate dealing with rude staff.
4	I love this mall! Everytime I'm in town I come to this mall. Its sooo big and theres such a great selection. I stay mostly on the third floor since the second and first floor are mostly the high end stores. I recommend this mall. Everyone is always so nice and welcoming too.
5	My favorite mall I've been to ever! There is a very diverse selection of stores and I love how beautiful its built. At night its really pretty and the food court has great choices like Blue Burrito, Pita Jungle, and Paradise Bakery. You'll definitely want to keep coming back after a visit here. :)
4	If you have money to spend great, if not well enjoy mall walking and window shopping cause that's about all you can afford!! Actually I do enjoy the diversity of designer shops next to your middle retailers like Gap, AE, H&M and places like those. I enjoyed walking around this ginormous shopping center and taking it all in. The stores I did go into and made purchases were Anthropolgie and Fossil. Both stores had exceptional customer service and were very helpful to my friend and I if we needed something in the dressing room. At Fossil, they assisted in helping me with purses and letting me take out the stuffing out and slinging it over my shoulder. They also went back and got a brand new purse which is always a plus at a store. You know you are getting quality. So needless to say if you enjoy good shopping with a diverse range of stores, this is it.
3	This is a rather upscale mall that is very nicely laid out and one of the few malls I've been to that is over 3 stories.  Very nice stores as well, though they are missing a few of the basics (they're not upscale really, so I might expect it).  I spent a lot of time in this mall when I was closer and still go out of the way occasionally for some of the items there.
5	This is one the best malls I have been to out of my travels to Seattle, Bellevue, Boca Raton, and West Palm Beach.In the last few years several major designer stores have opened: Prada, Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Hugo Boss, Barney's, Ted Baker, St. John, etc. If you need to shop and you are looking for an upscale experience, this is it. This mall is massive and I consistently go to a few stores: Ted Baker, Nordstrom, and Neiman Marcus. There is a great food court as well as restaurants in the mall like Yard House and Kona Grill. Oh, yeah, and Modern Steak recently opened which looks delicious (it's a Sam Fox restaurant). Valet at every entrance I think and there is always a ton of parking available. There is giant parking garage right across from Nordstrom. Scottsdale Fashion Square will spoil you and tempt you to spend more than you can afford.
4	After growing up in Scottsdale and living in Boston, Washington, Chicago, and San Francisco, this is still my favorite mall because of the variety of upscale and mid-level stores and abundant parking.  When I was little, this mall was a fraction of the size it is now, but the expansions over the years have improved this mall for the better.  You will find plenty of stores that meet everyone's price points from H&M to Prada.  Bring your sturdy walking shoes as this mall is huge!
4	LOVE this mall!  I try to stop here when in the Scottsdale area as it has a great mix of high end designer stores like Neiman Marcus, Barney's, LV, Prada, Nordstrom, as well as the cheap thrills like Forever 21 and H&M.  There are lots of food options including a few restaurants if you aren't into food court fare.  No better way to get out of the Arizona heat than a hefty dose of retail therapy here!
5	What a nice mall!  My only complaint is that it is HUGE!  Great selection of stores.  Super clean too.
4	It was my second time visiting my boyfriend in Arizona and he happened  to take me here to explore. He told me Scottsdale is a bit higher class than other cities. I didn't believe him until I visited. The mall is big and filled with mostly fancy brands, like Prada, Louis Vuitton, Boss, Burberry and etc. If you experienced  South Coast Plaza, in Costa Mesa, CA,  you would know what I mean and how this mall would be like. It's filled with expensive stores. If i lived here, I would only come here during the weekends and when it's on sale. I'm not into super expensive stuff so I'll have to pass you expensive stores. I will give one star for being a mall, two stars for at least having some stores I can afford, three stars for the having fancy decoration, making the seats feel like hotel lobby feeling, and four for having restaurants that boyfriend and I can choose from. If you are at this mall, check out the awesome water drip staircase! It's pretty awesome walking down and up the stairs.  I might see you again on the next visit, Scottsdale.
4	This mall is HUGE for a mall this big I think they should have more directories but nope they want me to get lost in this mall.This mall has plenty of stores and a bunch of designers, you can probably find something for everywhere here whether you want a coach bag or a bag at forever 21. I especially loved how the Sur La Table here had a cooking class going on and you can see the kitchen as you walked around the store. There were plenty of food options and so many stores here that it was easy to get lost. There was a windows store here which is a big plus since I have never been there. Even though I personally didn't find anything here for me there was still a big wide variety.
3	I will always like Paradise Valley a little bit more!! This mall offers a Great food court and an awesome selection of shops. Mostly good service all over!! I also love to walk over to Urban Outfitter!! My favorite of them all!!! * Then H&M and so on!! :)
4	Huge shopping with tons of upscale stores.  I really love how close I live from this mall and on a hot day it's a great place to do some mall walking.  You will see some interesting people in here including celebrities and fake scottsdale women with plastic everywhere. This mall seams to always be busy.
3	I think opening at 10am in climate is just plain laziness. My tuppence
3	5 stars if you are rich and love to throw your wad around1 star if you are on a budget and think plastic surgery is terrifying3 stars if you enjoy window shopping, gawking at the snobbery and mock the fact that some people will spend $3000 on a ugly brown canvas purse with little "LVs" printed on it because it makes you feel good about yourself.4 stars if you go during a mega-sale weekend when the "normal mall chain stores" have clearance - (Bath and Body Works, Gap, Express, Dillards etc, but they also have an H&M)All in all, SFS is a sight to see for the good and for the bad.At the end of the day it makes me want to escape to hills where people put value on the important things in life and not what brand your sunglasses are.
5	Big, clean and losts of stores ranging from $ (Forever21, Charlotte Russe, Wet Seal ect.) to $$$$$$$$$$ (Louis Vuitton, Ralph Lauren, Barneys ect.) The food court also has a wide range of options, it's a fun place to go, especially if you're from out of town!
5	Was looking for club dress and they had a great selection.
4	Finally a mall in this city that didn't completely bore me to tears as far as stores go. Reminded me of the Galleria in Houston. Enough exclusive stores to keep me dreaming and plenty stores where i can fake it till i make it lol. The food options in and around the area were pretty diverse. All in all had a blast all on my own.
4	A fantastic all-around mall. Tons of stores to choose from including your giants like Nordstroms and Dillards to many boutique and specialty clothing outlets. The food court is solid with some great name-brand bars and restaurants near the entrances. There's a movie theater to boot along with an independent theater on the west side across the street.  Lots of beautiful people out and about so it's a nice spot for people watching. Definitely the classiest mall in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.Don't be discouraged by the parking situation because you can find underground parking on the Northeast side, a multilevel parking garage to the South, and a parking lot off of Camelback. The only downside is it tends to pricier. Also, I'm always surprised when I remember there's no Apple store.
5	My absolute favorite Mall in the country! The best staff, the best shopping, and the Tesla Shop has always been my favorite. Be sure to check out the Zara store,as well as the Barney's New York, they are both very nice to check out.
5	I know that there's a movement for people to be more green and therefore live simpler and consume less, but dammit, Fashion Square makes it really tough. From the moment you walk through the glass doors all you'll want to do is consume, consume, consume!!! I LOVE THIS MALL because it's literally got everything you could ever want under one roof to please your ego and buy some self-esteem!Need to treat yourself because you've got three kids? Grab yourself three pairs of shoes at Nordstrom's. (Yup, I did that and I do deserve them!)Bad boyfriend who needs to make it better? Make him pay big time at Louis Vuitton!Kids in high school treat you mean, and now you're a tech millionaire? Vrrrooooom vrrroooom into the Tesla store.Food, shopping, and levels of stores so expansive you will get lost and not know where you got dropped off by your taxi! (Yup, that happened to us as well)Enjoy your time shopping here and a word to the wise: WEAR COMFORTABLE SHOES!!!31 Yelps Challenge: #22/31
4	Broke da wallet!
5	Amazing.This is often called the largest mall in Arizona, and it shows. Each time I've done the usual "mall walk" I've easily lost a few hours trying to see it all. It's true that this isn't a place for anyone that doesn't care about fashion - but this is a mall that's true to its name. "Fashion Center" is no joke here. Lots of high-end designer stores, lots of mid-range affordable fashion stores, and a few random familiar stops like Hallmark and Pottery Barn-esque stores scattered through there. A decent food court, with a theater also conveniently down there. (But after spending so many hours at the mall, who has time for a movie?)You can easily drop a few thousand here, so be forewarned if you're on a budget. Also, I almost wish I had a map in my pocket, because it can get confusing to remember which hallways you've already explored. And wear some comfortable walking shoes, because it's not easy to get in and get out of this one. But there's a good number of parking to use in a garage or few - when you remember where you parked the car. I'd take any out-of-towner here, unless they had a grudge against fashion, classy stores, or walking.
4	My aunt and I were in Scottsdale for five days. We shopped at this mall twice since it was close to our hotel. It has good mall essentials like the Gap, Bath & Body Works, and Victoria's Secret. It also has higher end brands to like Michael Kors and Prada. The department stores include Macys, Dillards, Barney's, and Neiman Marcus. There's also Harkins movie theater. Overall, there were good pre-holiday sales. The food court doesn't offer anything special so we decided to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe. This mall is big, and the layout can be a bit confusing for a newbie. In order to go the Grand Lux Cafe from inside the mall, we were informed we had to go through Anthropologie. There wasn't any store that I would not see back home in LA. However, the number and types of stores is a nice one stop shop especially if you live in the area.
4	Okay, I live up the street. I remember when this was a small, open air mall. Times have changed. It's huge. It has everything from sports memorabilia to Italian fashion. It's a place where I like to people-watch. I'm not a big customer here because the place just has a bit too much of the "Snottsdale" feeling to it. By that I mean people trying to impress each other and themselves. They never buy much, but they walk around with their noses in the air. That's okay. It's the culture of Scottsdale and I accept that. It is fun to sit down and observe and listen in on the one-upmanship that goes on. I patronize many of the companies that are represented at SFS, just not there. I waled into one store for an item I knew they carried. The sales girl had no clue. I pointed to it and she picked up the wrong one. They have an AT&T store which is virtually bare of products. Why? But this isn't a criticism of the mall, but of Scottsdale and this mall gives Scottsdale what it wants: Image and little substance. But that's the community this mall serves and it's a good fit. I don't need to pay to see the circus when I can come here for free. It's just plain amusing.
5	It's a great mall with a lot of variety, but save your sanity and either park underground (after 5 on weekdays or anytime on weekends) or around back. This place is always busy!! I've seen many stores come and go but they have all the basics plus some high end stuff if that's your thing. Harkins theater is also inside and their food court actually has a couple healthy options.
4	Where can you begin with this mall. It has been here as long as I can remember ,but has had many facelifts and make over, How Scottsdale right!It is always interesting here,with lots to see and lots to do.Though I was always upset that they would not have Santa here or the Easter Bunny many years ago, but now they do.I love Christmas so much. But, I am glad that soon I can go to the mall without all the crazy shopping drama that goes with it.Lots of new shops and lots of new restaurants, you just cannot go wrong here.The mall is very large and 2 stories so wear comfortable shoes.Restrooms are clean and many food choices.The worst thing is Parking, it can really be crazy!
4	This mall is huge!!! And has every store you can think of. Did some after Thanksgiving shopping and got some great deals! Put on your walking shoes...because my wedges didn't last very long walking around this enormous mall!
5	Great selection of stores... I need to watch my wallet if I go there, lol. Not a good place to go if your money is tight, lol.
5	if you can find something here then you will never find it else where
4	Look at this stuff... Isn't it neat? Wouldnt you think my collection's complete! Wouldn't you think I'm the girl... The girl who has.. Everything?No? Ok. To the mall!I remember being a teenager at this mall, spending hours wandering, window shopping, wishing, gawking at boys and generally being awkward and pimply. Things are slightly better now, ten years later. I'm less pimply, have no patience for wandering, and I'm certainly not a teenager. God, how I still gawk at teenage boys though. As a wizened adult, I find myself at this mall with a game plan. I choose two or three places, I go there with my purchase in mind, I buy the thing and then I leave faster than a ... Than a... Tween running at the name of Justin Beiber. You really do have everything you could want in a mall, the cheapo piercing pagoda, the obligatory hair extension thingy kiosk all the way to Prada and Gucci. Decent food court selections as well, with real restaurants on the outer edges. Avoid like the plague on any major sale day. Or come equipped with steal toed boots and sharp elbows.
4	Similar to South Coast Plaza although I think SCP still has more stores and selection than FS. Caveat emptor (buyer beware)!!! Sales tax is actually HIGHER in Scottsdale than in Orange County, CA!!! I know Scottsdale is the Newport Beach of Phoenix BUT come on!!! It's in the freakin' desert peoples!!! At least FS is a nice place to stay cool during the heat of the day!
3	This is easily the nicest mall in the Phoenix area....but it's so frustrating.  A few highlights:Pros+ It's large. There's many stores to choose from.+ It's indoors....a huge plus during Summer months.+ The food court.  Johnny Rockets FTW!+ Great full service food options, Kona Grill, Yard House, Z Tejas, Cheesecake Factory, and many more.+ It's clean and well lit.Cons- Parking sucks.  I mean it really sucks.  It's a disorganized hot mess of surface lots, parking garages, and valet parking.  It's not convenient by any stretch of the imagination.  The parking garage is just one big mess with small, tight spaces.- The mall is large and is confusing.  To me, it's not very logical.Overall, it's just an OK shopping experience.  I've been to much better malls in California and Vegas.Return Factor - 70%
4	Great mall. It's always really dead in here but the store selection is great.
3	This is by far the most upscale indoor mall in the Phoenix area. All of haute couture is represented here but also all my favorite stores for us every day folks like Dillards, GAP, Banana Republic, etc. Problem is that everytime I am shopping here I get lost. Seriously. It is such a huge mall and so spead out and confusing! I think it is mostly due to the fact that they keep adding on to it sporadically. As others have mentioned, the parking situation is a mess, too. Your best bet is to look at the directory map on the website beforehand and park closest to where you need to go and then just get in and get out.
5	okay best mall in arizona ever! Its like Arizona's version of a downtown new york or san francisco. When I shop here I feel like im shopping in one of the hotels in vegas where there is a mix of high end stores and affordable trendy stores like h&m! My favorite store here is tory burch and of course nordys! Come get your retail education at this mall you won't regret it, plus they have valet parking as well nice one of kind restaurants.
4	I generally don't review shopping centers, but this is Scottsdale so I'm pretty sure it's safe to assume a lot of folks are coming to this area to shop and relax if you aren't a local. While I don't love malls as I shop vintage and boutiques a bunch, I do stop in malls to hit certain retail shops.You'll find a large selection of stores here. The first floor has some of your fav high end stores (LV, Cartier, Bottega, St John, Tory etc.) while other areas have your middle class shopper stores (Sephora, MAC, VS, Ann Taylor, Banana etc). They also have a Barney's and Neiman Marcus along with a few other dept stores.It's a very large shopping center, so you'll have plenty of space to roam if staying indoors to shop is on your agenda.I don't do food courts - but they do have one, and a movie theatre.Didn't spot any awesome stores that we don't already have in LA but like I said if you are just looking to walk around or do some shopping this place should meet your needs but don't expect anything extraordinary.
5	I love this mall!
5	Great selection of stores.
4	I love coming here during the holidays!  So festive!
4	Fashion Square is clearly Scottsdale's best foot forward.  Along with, Old Town, Scottsdale Quarter, FLW's Taliesin West, Kierland Common, Center for the Arts, MLB Spring Training, Summers, TPC, Troon, hiking the McDowells or Pinnacle Peak, Talking Stick, Westworld, McCormick-Stillman, Barrett-Jackson, the Heard North, the Sonoran Desert, and a few nice restaurants.  I could go on. LOL  There's a lot to do and see in greater Phoenix.Fashion Square is one of the best upscale indoor Malls in the country,  It has some the best and most well known anchor stores, like: Barney's, Dillards, Nordstroms, Needless Markup (aka, Neiman Marcus), a petite Macy's. The Food Court is equally nice, as well as some nearby watering holes and restaurants.  If you are into shopping, Chandler Fashion, Tempe Marketplace, Westgate/Arrowhead, Biltmore Fashion, Anthem Outlets are a few of the other destinations you might consider.  But, by all means, start here first.Yes, you could spend your entire day here. Indoors!.  But, then you would be missing all those other great things going on in Scottsdale, Phoenix, Chandler, Tempe, Mesa, Peoria, Glendale, Cave Creek, et cetera.  Seriously.Enjoy!
4	One word, confusing. I'm from the Bay Area California. I know a thing or two about malls and shopping. This mall is pretty awesome. It's huge and has all the stored I could eve hope for. However, whoever designed the floor plan really sucks. SO CONFUSING. It's like a maze and with sub levels. WTH.Some highlights of this mall:+ Tesla+ Yard House+ Madewell, Tory Burch, Pandora+ a movie theater!
4	Once I can afford any of the wares at the really high end stores here, I'll know I've "Made it"! Probably one of the best malls for high end shopping, Fashion Square hosts a conglomeration of the designers you hear about at Fashion Week in NYC, such as Gucci, Burberry and Prada. It's also cool that they have a Barney's here (The only one in AZ). They offer a little bit of everything here, from jewelry at Tiffany's or Cartier, makeup from Sephora, to housewares from Sur La Table, Pottery Barn, or Crate and Barrel. If you're bored after testing the limits of your credit card, you can catch a bite to eat at any of the multiple vendors at the food court (Examples include Paradise Bakery and Pita Jungle), or catch a movie at the theater. They also have sit down restaurants such as Kona Grill and Lux if you want less of a casual experience. While Fashion Square is known for their luxury retailers, they also have stores for the more plebian folk. Examples include Gamestop, American Eagle and Charming Charlie. The Victoria's Secret here is one of the nicest I've ever been in!The only slight negatives are that it can get confusing navigating around here if this is your first time here, since a lot of the luxury stores were built as an extension to the mall several years back, and it can also be a little confusing getting to and from the mall from certain parking garages.
4	So awesome! I wish I could have spent more time walking around, at least just window shopping. Can't wait to get back!
5	I have been going to Scottsdale Fashion Square for as long as I have lived in the valley - about 7 years. It is my #1 favorite mall for a reason. Tons of options, extremely clean, and has a great mix of high/low stores. My favorite stores that I frequent most often are Nordstrom, Anthropologie, Madewell, LUSH, Sephora, GAP, J. Crew, H&M, Lucy, Bath & Body Works and Sur La Table. I know this entire mall like the back of my hand. It helps to have a photographic memory and a general sense of which direction you are heading (North, South, East, West). If you pay attention to your surroundings, you'll be fine and you won't get lost, even as a newbie. I can understand how it would seem overwhelming at first, though.As for the people that shop here - they are NORMAL people! Perhaps dressed a bit nicer than at PV Mall or Chandler Mall or Arrowhead Mall or any of the other subpar malls out there - but that's what makes this place great! I have VERY rarely seen anyone who has the full-on Scottsdale look of leathery skin, big bleached hair, plastic surgery, etc. Like, maybe once or twice in seven years. Don't let overexaggerated negative reviews about this type of thing prevent you from visiting a great mall and beating the heat in style ;) OH - I didn't mention the restaurants. In the general vicinity, there are some great ones. Sauce Pizza & Wine and Olive & Ivy are two of my favorites. I also love Modern Steak. Check them out!
3	Well, it definitely is a shopping mecca! It has unbelievable stores, it's clean, pristine but... almost a little too much. This mall seems sterile, cold and in the 3x I have shopped it over the years, it is never busy. And when you walk down a hallway in a major mall and you are the only person; well, it's creepy and unsettling. Do I love all the fabulous, fashionable high end stores? Oh so much! The huge department stores? Definitely. And the large, lovely H&M's, Forever 21's and the like? Amazing! Will I be back? You better believe it! I just hope it grows some ambiance.
5	Best. Mall. Ever.
4	Really nice fancy mall.  Reminds of the the Galleria malls in Texas.  I like how most of their kids clothing stores are in one hall of the mall.  Makes getting stuff for the kiddo a breeze.
5	Very nice mall with great High End stores. The Omega Boutique there is awesome.
4	Excellent shopping... even if you feel like Igor hanging with Barbie and KenGreat shopping mall with about all the stores you look for-- Apple, Microsoft, Godiva, Clark's, all the clothes stores.  Parking is a snap and they have some cool eateries-- 5 Guys, Modern Steak, and others on the other block.  Very clean and good for some exercise while people watching.Main drawback is that there are so many Barbie and Ken type people.  It's like Gattica!  First, they all look alike.  Second, I feel like I should be walking in the average peoples' lane and avoiding eye contact, lest the pretty people feel put upon.  Dang genetic lottery...
5	My favorite mall in the Phoenix area and one of my favorite malls on the planet! The mall itself speaks luxury and completely puts you in an upscale environment! The area around the mall compliments it even more and you can't help but love the mall inside out! The people who shop here aren't the friendliest and some seem to think they're above God but that don't stop me from loving the overall experience of shopping here. The mall is also the location of the first ever Microsoft Store and the largest Dillard's store! And you could always find me shopping in places like Express, Guess, Armani Exchange, Burberry, and others. I can't seem to get enough of this mall and seem to compare all upscale shopping malls to Scottsdale except for the ones in Vegas!
5	If there was a mall in heaven, this would be it!Whether you are in the mood to splurge or bargain hunt, this mall has absolutely everything. All of the stores also are "full sized" aka plenty of selection! The mall has a perfect location in Old Town, and has ample parking so even on a packed Saturday when I went, there is no trouble finding a spot! Concisely (and so I don't ramble, because I totes could--loveee this mall!):Pros-- EVERY STORE POSSIBLE, perfect for all budgets- Clean, nice atmosphere and good crowd of people- Stores are all full sized with good selection- Convenient location- Many restaurant choices- Easy to navigate and plenty of maps if it is your first timeCons-- You'll get tired from all the shopping but ummm that's not necessarily a bad thing :)
4	Mall heaven, floor plan design from hell.  I wanted to shop more, but it was just too confusing for me.  Wore myself out just trying to find a directory over and over.  But the selection, from the high brow to the stuff an average person could actually buy, was great.  I liked that it was clean...even in uber clean Scottsdale this was REALLY clean, and I didn't feel like I was out of place.  There were lots of obviously wealthy people around, but also average Joes, so it was a very good time.
4	One of my favorite malls in the country.
5	Love love love this mall!  It has everything!
5	Mike Kors  the best customer service ever!
4	Holy credit card! This is a huge mall!As other yelpers note, it has so many stores, eateries and parking.  It is clean.  The layout plan is a bit, um, difficult to grasp? is that a nice and accurate way to say it?  Especially with a baby stroller which means finding the ramp or elevator to get to the next, um, level-thingie.  I'm sure if I was more of a regular it would be a breeze.  Ala Moana would be a good comparison, except this mall is all indoor. Nice, quiet (yes quiet), peaceful mall for the obvious reason that it is not that crowded...because there is a lot of space, unlike Ala Moana.
5	Fashion and food in the same place. The area is nice clean and trendy with shops and restaurants.  A great place to stop if you need to burn some money and walk around!
5	love this mall. about 35 minutes away from my house but is worth the drive. has everything and i love everything in it. food choices in the food court are amazing and have a wide range from healthy food at pita jungle to greasy yummy burgers and fries from five guys. parking garages could be bigger though, especially on weekends when it tends to be very busy.
5	This mall is huge!  They have tons of shopping options, parking and eateries. I like their location and that they are fully indoors.
5	Since I have another Westcor  mall just 5 minutes away from me I don't venture to this mall often but it is one of my favorites because of the diverse stores.  There are high end stores such as Tiffany, LV and Cartier to the basics like Banana R and Victoria's Secret.  You can find pretty much everything you need here. And did I mention it has the LARGEST Dillard's department store in the country?  This is their flagship store and it's huge...you can walk in there for a few hours and get tired before you've seen the whole store.   So if you are new to Phoenix or a tourist stop by you won't be disappointed.
4	Always enjoy lunch or a coffee break here, wonderful people watching spot!
4	This mall has all of my favorite stores. Love love
5	What a great mall.  I need to go with my kids.  Every store imaginable.  I don't like to shop so it would be nice if I could just cut them loose in there.  Teenager heaven
2	Too much hassles with parking and why does every mall have those annoying Isreali women putting stuff on your hands. Also more annoying people trying to get you to donate and adopt some foreign kid and give away your money to who knows what company. Food court is too cramped and the stores are your average run of the mill junk with one exception on third floor being the Pepper palace. Tons of interesting sauces, salsas and powders up there and even a few guys whining after they tried the really hot sauce on display. Otherwise, you can find all this stuff without the hassles at any old mall in the area.
5	What's not to love! Anything and everything you could possibly need can be found here. Something for all budgets and many eating options after you burn calories cruising the tri-level structure. Many restaurant options in walking distance as well if you can't find something internally.
5	Probably the nicest mall in the valley! It's very large with a variety of higher end and regularly priced stores plus a movie theatre and plenty of places to eat. The layout is a bit strange, but you get used to it and there are always maps to guide you if you are only there to visit a specific shop. It's very well kept and the location is nice.
3	I think this mall is great but I don't go here very often because I do not make enough money to purchase anything in it. I love walking around and window shopping but that is about all I do. I love the little cupcake kiosk called Caketini. This mall does have a special place in my heart because I found one of the greatest dogs  in the world,in the pet adoption store. The 3 star rating is specifically because of the high end shops that are inside.
4	There is almost always parking in the underground garage by Barneys!  Shade and easy spot finding in an otherwise busy area!  Although this place is on the swankier side as far as stores that are available, it's a large mall that allows for plenty of walking around time.  This is obviously ideal in the summer considering the a/c and all of the food court offerings (including yogurt).  Side note: if you are looking for Starbucks it isn't actually inside of the mall, but outside in a stand alone location by the valet and Kona Grill / Yardhouse.  It's also a nice spot to sit in the shade with plenty of tables, chairs, and couches.  Overall: A-Wish there were a few more inexpensive locations to shop, but the mall is clean, nicely designed and has plenty of walk space.
4	If you're up to spending both your day and spoiling yourself, come here. This is one of my favorite malls in the metro area. There are tons of stores, activities, and restaurants.
4	A gorgeous mall that skews to the upscale but still with a lot of the mainstream favorites.We had no difficulty finding parking in the underground lot near Barney's. The mall itself is gorgeous with nice wide aisles but the aisles have been jam packed with a lot of little cart/kiosk things which always cause congestion when the mall is crowded. The mall is also fairly easy to navigate and has good signage throughout however there are a LOT of escalators around and we found ourselves at one point inadvertently one level higher than we thought we were.The food court is fairly centrally located at the bottom level and is definitely lacklustre. You know, Sbarro and the greasy, msg laden Chinese food et al.  I was expecting a few more options and with a little better quality than that. One plus is that you can surf for indigestion remedies using the mall's free WIFI.It is not the type of mall that is easy to just run in and out of for a quick purchase but it is a lovely way to spend several hours.
5	I absolutely LOVE this mall! It has a range of stores for every interest and every budget. It is a gigantic, well designed mall and is loaded with shops that you can't find anywhere else in the state of Arizona. There are plenty of shops for everyone: women, men, teens, kids, foodies, celebrities and your average Joe. It also has a wide selection of restaurants both inside and near the mall, as well as fast food places for on the go. It is hands down my favorite mall, I just wish it was a bit closer. If you haven't been, go check it out- you won't regret it.
5	Love this place! Selection of stores is great and if you go early morning, early in the week there are no crowds.
4	Had to go to Scottsdale for work over the weekend and I had to be in the Fashion Square Mall.  Honestly, there is nothing special about this Mall but it is very large.  Multiple floors and a nice variety of shops.Very clean!  Food court has a good variety of choices.
4	Love love love this mall!! :) out of all the malls in arizona, this is the mall I love to go to and will drive the extra mile or so. Awesome store selection, very clean place, never been to the food court but I would guess it would have a great selection.
5	OMG I LOVE THIS MALL. Call me a girly girl, but I love to shop.WARNING YOU: do not come here for a "quick tank top" stop. cause its physically impossible to spend less than an hour here. I walked into one store to pick out a top, but that one store took a half an hour to walk to through the parking garage. They have valet and a lot of great restaurants around, with a multitude of store. I'll be coming here again.frequently, actually.
5	I am in love with this mall. It's large and STOCKED with clothes and accessories and some of the best fashion stores in the designer market. Some of the trends are a few months behind but that's okay. This mall is beautiful and large (sometimes changing from 2/3 stories) and very open and bright in the morning.There is a movie theatre and a large food court area, and I love that it isn't extremely crowded with people. I was just visiting but I love that I can come here and my size is in stock, and there's not too many people shopping. this is one of my favorite malls, basically ever.
5	I don't care to shop but even I can tell this is a remarkable mall. It has many major chains.  It has all necessary amenities.  It has a lot of parking, much of it shaded. If you want to shop high end Scottsdale this is the place to start.
5	As someone who was a child in the 80's, I grew up in shopping malls and it doesn't get better than Scottsdale Fashion Square. I actually remember when this was an open air mall, but having a roof, and expansions that have increased the size to at least four times as big it used to be has only made this mall better and more fun to shop. Sure, you may see more silicone enhanced women than in a strip club and the Scottsdale bros with their frosted tips and designer jeans can be amusing, but the people watching just adds to the fun of shopping here.Whether your window shopping or actually purchasing, Scottsdale Fashion Square is a great place to look... and in the Arizona summer a great way to get out of the heat!
4	This is my favorite mall at this point. It's huge. Lots of stores. I usually just like to walk around and enjoy an afternoon there. I love to see a movie, have a little something to eat (nice food court), then walk around and shop a bit. I think it has a wide range of stores as well. They have high-end places like Gucci, Coach, Tiffany & Co, and Louis Vuitton, but they also have your everyday stores like Charlotte Russe, Bath and Body Works, Victoria's Secret, and Charming Charlie. It can get pretty crowded on weekends, but weekdays are great. I love that it has underground parking as well.
3	many levels, but they have almost every store you can think of.  Parking can be a challenge, but worth it once you see the variety of stores.
5	Best place to window shop, or really do some damage to your bank accounts.  It's the best indoor mall in Arizona where there are a lot of stores to go for.  Parking will definitely be an issue around all holidays, especially Thanksgiving and Christmas.  But no need to worry since some of the stores offer valet services so you can leaving the parking problems to them and go on enjoy your shopping spree.  This mall even have a movie theatre and there's another one within walking distance nearby the mall for some smaller title movies.  Check them out the next time you are in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale!
4	Best mall in Arizona! There's almost anything a Fashionista could ever want: Barney's, Nordstrom, Zara, Sephora, Ted Baker, etc. You can even catch a late-night movie after shopping! My friend and I spent the ENTIRE day here.
5	Definitely the best mall in the Phoenix area!  Regardless of your budget, Scottsdale Fashion Square has something for you.  They have added more stores in the last few years, including Nordstrom, Macys, Barneys New York...name it, and you can probably find it here.  They have a range of designers, from high-end shops like Louis Vuitton, Prada and Gucci to "budget-friendly" stores like H&M.The mall is also complete with a food court (albeit a very small one for the size of the mall), a theatre, and a number of restaurants.  Unfortunately a number of restaurants have closed recently, but spots like Z Tejas and The Yardhouse are both pretty good.I always block off a day in my trip to come to Fashion Square and hunt for bargains when I'm in Scottsdale.  A tip for out-of-town visitors - show your ID in Macy's and get 10% off for the day!
5	Great surprise for an out-of-towner; definitely gave me a fashionista fix with stores we don't have in SLC including Barneys, Neiman, and most high-end designers.
5	Great mall with diverse storesIncluding stores from Gucci and Luis Vuitton to H&M and Forever 21. Food court is pretty spacious and full of variety as well.
5	This is my favorite mall in the greater Phoenix area because it's got pretty much every store I'd want to shop at.  I can always find convenient parking and the mall is very well-maintained.
4	I find it comforting to visit old haunts when I'm back in the PHX and Scottsdale Fashion Square is one of those oldies-but-goodies.  Anchored by Nordstrom, Macys, Dillards, Neiman Marcus and Barneys, this mall offers tons of options to satisfy both the bargain hunter (really!) and the fashionista.  The food court options are surprisingly few, given the enormity of the actual mall, but the offerings provided are good enough for most folks, I would think.  One will see the ubiquitous Subway and Panda Express as well as local favourites such as Pita Jungle and Paradise Bakery.  All in all, parking is plentiful, wifi works well, and the sheer number of shops (and variety) allow most people to wile away their hours in sartorial bliss.
4	Since moving to Arizona last year, we have been to this mall a fair number of times and it has been a good experience for all of them.  They have a ton of store offerings and they have all price ranges covered, so you can window shop the high priced locations while still being able to walk out with a less expensive outfit from American Eagle, Express or the like.  The layout is fascinating and a little awkward for the new comer.  There are two floors that run down the main strip and end with the food court going down in to a lower level and creating a third floor area that includes the movie theater. There are also several restaurants to be found near the food court area, so really you can find something for anyone to eat here, even if they are picky.There is an off-shoot hallway that has two floors as well, which includes a fair number of children's shops, the Microsoft store and a fairly huge Crate and Barrel that even has furniture inside (not the typical location offering).  This place covers all the bases and is a great place in the summer to walk around in a clean, well air-conditioned area away from the triple digit heat.
5	Excellent service. I went to try on swim wear for a pool party. The lady in the fitting rooms Lani (or Lonnie, not sure how to spell it) was honest and went abouve and beyond to be helpful. If something did not look right she let me know. She made a suggestion that looked much better and worked well for me. If only more people were like her at all the shops, the customer satisfaction would drastically increase. I will be a repeat customer of this location because of her. She was also very knowledgable on the entire product line. Way to go VS For hiring one incredible employee.
5	It is not like the mall in Southern California but definitely the best mall in Arizona.  And Scottsdale reminds me of Southern California, simply because of Palm Trees and little more city like place.  I went to Louis Vuitton Store and food court.  By far better than the one in Tucson.  I would rather take a drive from Tucson to shop here.  =)
5	Great mall. Has a fantastic assortment of various shops that can satisfy anybody's income or taste. It's fun to look around the designer shops, then go into the less expensive stores to actually do some shopping!
4	I love this mall, very large and super fancy. I don't feel like I fit in personally but whatever haha. Got lots of stores, and a few stores that other az malls don't have. I honestly love going there just to wonder around when I'm extremely bored haha.
5	Marla from alterations is a great asset to the team. She was extremely helpful with locating my dress especially since I misplaced the ticket. She went out of her way to find my garment and call me back with the good news! A+ employee!
4	Great mall for the area. If they don't have it here, then you really don't need it. Anyone can shop and eat here. You have Charming Charlie's and Gap to Louis Vuitton and Gucci. Yogurtology and Panda Express to Yard House and Kona Grill. What more can you ask for?
5	Don't come on a weekend!  It's crazee busy!!!  However, this mall is upscale and has all the top designers like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Burberry,  etc.     This is one of the "must see" places when visiting the Phoenix area.  Anchor stores like Barney's, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom, Macys, Dillard's make this mall most tantalizing to the shopper with a keen eye for fashion. it's my favorite because it has Nordstrom (with Valet), and all my other favorite stores, great restaurants, just an overall great place to hang out, eat, and/or go shopping.  Harkins Theater is in this mall plus another outside the mall that has indie films for you movie buffs.  There is ample parking, traffic is good except of course around Christmas tme but it's busy everywhere else.  A definite "must visit" mall if you're in Scottsdale!!!
5	I absolutely love this mall - it reminds me of South Coast Plaza back home. Apparently it's the biggest mall in the Southwest. I can't believe that there are only two Nordstroms in the entire state of Arizona - but one of them is here! This place has a lot of high end stores - Nordstrom, Lush, Barneys, Anthropologie and some lower end stores - Forever21, H&M, etc. It's a huge upscale mall with pretty much every store you could ever need. I don't usually use this word to describe shopping malls - but it is beautiful!
5	Definitely the best mall in Arizona and probably one of the best in the nation.  The only mall that I've been to that can compare to the Scottsdale mall is the Galleria in Houston.  There is pretty much every store you can think of and it even has a nice Harkins theaters.  My sister used to work at Armani and me and my brother-in-law could catch a flick while we waited for her to get out.  Awesome mall!
4	My kind of shopping mall!  Has all the stores similar to Valley Fair in SJ and it has a whole section of high end stores including Neiman Marcus, Bvlgari, Prada, and Cartier which is great for window shopping!  Only con is it's hard to walk around as it has a multi-level layout.
4	This is my favorite mall to shop at with all the stores inside it. So many selections to choose from. I just love to shop here
4	I am in love with this mall and so far it's been a preferred stop every time I visit Scottsdale. I love how it has a good balance of upscale and not so upscale stores, so there's something for everyone. My favorite place has to be LUSH (we don't have a LUSH here in El Paso and I'm starting to think we NEVER will), and I love just walking around and checking out other stores like Nordstrom and H&M. We also had a very good experience trying out Caketini and their awesome cupcakes last year! Even though we have been there on weekends it's never ultra packed and it's a very nice place to just walk and do some window shopping.
4	Great mall I go here when I visit family in Arizona. I bought some sports merchandise. It's very similar to the Westfield Valley Fair Mall in Santa Clara California.
4	I finally made it here, after living over in the West Valley for two years and I loved it!  I honestly could've walked around all day, because in addition to the stores, they had a movie theater, places to grab a quick bite/coffee, plenty of restaurants (should've gone to Yard House!!), and it's just 3 floors of wide open space to explore.  After returning from Ireland five months ago, I was pleasantly surprised to find they have a couple of stores there that they had in Ireland that I had yet to see in the US!  Sure, the "mall" has more of an upscale vibe, with a Barney's, Louis Vuitton, Kiehl's, Cartier, Tiffany's, and many more, but there were other stores like H&M, Nordstrom's, Papyrus (my favorite one closed so I was so happy to find one!), Crate & Barrel (another favorite!), Aldo, Gap, Lush, Sephora, and a Hallmark store (a necessary staple if you ask me).  The ambiance and spaciousness reminded me of my favorite shopping centre in County Dublin, and I look forward to coming during the holidays to see the decorations.  The ONLY downside was the parking garages, as they were a bit confusing, but it was only our first time, so I'm sure that contributed.
5	This mall is huge but it's really great!  It's got every conceivable store you can want or wish for though I didn't see an Apple store and a Potter Barn but that's not a big deal.  It's got favorites like Mont Blanc and an Omega watch store.  It's got it's customary big name department stores, e.g. Macy's, Dillards, and Niemann Marcus.For me, it's not too far to visit from the West Valley, it was about 30 minutes which I don't think is bad at all.I also believe the mall has a movie theater as well as I saw a sign for it but I'm not sure.  There's a large food court in the center of the mall so you're not without your food or a quick snack.Parking can be somewhat of a hassle to find but there is an enclosed parking garage where you can find ample parking and easy walkway access directly into the mall.There's lots of places to sit and take a break from the endless walking/shopping etc. and I didn't find that the mall was filled with the excessive number of loitering teenagers as I've discovered at other malls.Definitely high-end and high-scale and I love it.  Will be visiting here many more times to come!
4	it is a beautiful, huge mall in the center of Scottsdale. Great selection of shops, beautiful decor and convenient parking. Once the shops are closed just walk around the area and if you get hungry then make sure that you stop by in one of the nearby restaurants.
5	Great place to shop lots to do has food drinks place to sit and relax after shopping a bit
4	This place is awesome! High end and big.  Tons of designer stores.
4	One of my favorite malls here in AZ. Selection is huge and varies to taste. Huge mall. Always clean and looks good. Plenty parking. Great food court.
3	For being a three story mall, fashion square does have a lot of outlets which is great. I love going to BCBG and LULU. They have all the stores I need. I personally am not a mall fan but if I do go to the mall I don't mind going here. They also have a theatre which is great if you're trying to kill time. Also, they have opened up a wine bar in the center of the food court.
5	Its definitely one of the biggest most beautiful malls in Arizona. Well, duh its in Scottsdale isn't it?
4	I really like this mall.  Its got a TON of stores.  Everything from designer stuff to cheaper and more affordable stores.  Easy parking too!Its generally very clean, and there are a lot of food options.It is in a great part of town, and close to a lot of nice restaurants.  If you are visiting you should for sure go visit here, as everything you could want store wise is likely very close.Only reason i haven't given it five stars is that it is rather big, and not the best lay out.  I should probably have given it 4.5 stars!
4	As one of those females who hates shopping, I can say that if/when I have to shop, this is one of my go-to malls. It's really big and although it's an indoor mall, there are shops & restaurants outside and around it too. Stores:They have stores for a range of budgets. You've got the major stores likes Barneys, Neiman Marcus, Macy's, Nordstrom, & Dillards. You have luxury stores like Prada, Michael Kors, Gucci, etc.They have the tween/teen/ young adult stores like Abercrombie & Fitch, Forever 21, Wet Seal, Hollister, etc. There is no Hot Topic, but they do have Zumiez and a couple of similar stores.I love their MAC store and the associates there (hey Aaron!). There's a Sephora location here too.When I went a couple of weeks ago, the Express store had some leather-looking, but vegan-friendly, jackets. Of course, I loved this.Food:I'm only going to mention the ones that I know have vegan-friendly food options, since that's my thing.Blue Burrito Grille: vegetarian options include guacamole or mushrooms in place of meat. They do NOT use animal products in their black beans or their rice. (I love their rice & beans!)Pita Jungle: their employees are generally knowledgeable about ingredients (just know that their vegetarian burger is not vegan). Johnny Rockets: vegan Boca burgers FTW! The regular hamburger bun is vegan-friendly, but the whole-wheat bun has honey.Their special sauce is not vegan; it contains eggs. No dairy or eggs in the apple pie, BUT it contains palm oil, which I know is a big ethical factor for many vegans, so...FYI.Yard House: 1 word: Gardein. It's outside of the main mall, across from the valet parking area.  Delicious vegan options!Subway: veggie delight on Italian bread (the wheat bread contains honey). The vegan black bean patty has not yet made it pass the California Subway stores.Parking:In a nutshell, it's insane. I've seen 2 almost-fights in the outside parking lot that faces Camelback, one of which was a Hummer-pushing Scottsdale mom with her frightened tot in tow. She. was. GANGSTA. lol There are parking garages and valet options as well.Movies:There's a Harkins inside the mall and another theatre outside the mall, over by the Dillard's. It's a stand alone theatre which shows more independent movies. Overall, nice mall in a nice area, with lots of options.
2	I want start off by saying, I think the lack of bad reviews of this location seems a bit odd... Or, I can imagine why the experience was an isolated event.First, the woman in the children's toy section near the entrance was wonderful... The ladies in makeup area seemed polite as we crossed through that section but we were headed to shoes.  4 people were in this section, 3 at one time... no one spoke.  One lady even came from the far end of the section directly to the table I was standing at to familiarize herself with the bottom of a shoe... Never made eye contact or spoke.  They had the shoe color and style in question but did not seem interested in taking my money, I find that fascinating.
5	WOW... this is a huge mall. Wear your walking shoes because you'll need them. The best part about this place is it's surroundings. One minute you're browsing through Teslas and Sephora, the next you're at a makeshift art festival smelling scented candles and soaps surrounded by girls in pink wigs and painted faces doing a scavenger hunt, then you're in a western town looking at turquoise and silver, voila you're on an air-conditioned trolly going to other little western cowboy streets maxing out your card at a boot store lol all within like one hour no joke. Parking is free and plentiful but come early because it fills up fast also the trolley is free and comes every 15 minutes. I loved the fashion square, but seriously you need to hop on that air conditioned free trolley and venture around town, it's so fun, a tour in itself. Definitely come prepared to spend some money because there's some neat findings in and around the Fashion Square. I bought this amazing pomegranate cider hand made candle from Hot Hot Hippie at the art festival and a bunch of hand made soaps from this lady who's not hard to miss. The art festival is every weekend and it was quite a site to see. Lots of Arizonians from all over displaying their goods. Saba's Western Wear was a fun store I stumbled in when hopping out of the trolley onto Main street. It's such a trip walking out onto this super cowboy western area. The fashion square is just the tip of the iceberg, but it's the best of both worlds... generic stores h and m forever sacks etc, and then indi local stores surrounding the area. Wish I had more time to explore the museums and parks near by too.
4	Fashion Square is the place to go to shop, walk, walk, eat, drink, people watch, and zen. It truly is a beautiful place. It has everything you can think of under one roof. It's a beautiful mall full of beautiful people.
1	Horrible costumer service and quality,  purchased a wallet from LV and was defective when I went back to show them they ignored me and laughed at me. Will never go back to LV again. I prefer Gucci on the other side.
4	There is one wing of this mall that is like a museum, too expensive for your Average Joe but it is oh so pretty. Did I mention it sparkles?This is my favorite mall to go to to get any day/night outfits. Doesn't have great Evening Dress selection. But between Dillard and Macy's I can find something. And definetly find SHOES!
4	Nice mall! Tons of stores, a movie theatre, restaurants!
4	This is one huge mall. They have a big variety of stores that can appeal to anyone. From low end to high end. On one wing the corners were well represented with Prada, Louis at the entrance and followed up with other big names. All the standard flare for a mall, food court, wine bar I found interesting nice touch. Great indoor place on a hot Arizona day. Worth stopping you will find something.
4	We were told to visit this mall because it was a sight to see. It was a very pretty mall. It is 7 stories of stores, but very short distance from one end to the other. This makes it easy to have many stories. They have a wide variety of shops and a little bit of everything for everyone. Not as much focused on food as other malls are though. Worth going to see for the sights.
5	Our best local mall, from luxury to low-priced basics.  Many of the stores are new or recently remodeled, and almost all carry a broader selection than other valley locations.  My parking preference is the Nordstrom garage, though I have also found spaces in the Macy's garage.Stores I regularly check out include Nordstrom, Macy's, 7 for all Mankind, Banana Republic, Crate & Barrel, and the tiny men's rack at Splendid (to see if it's on sale).  I'll swing by EXPRESS, Guess, Bath & Body Works, and a few other stores too depending on their sales. Fun to window shop at: Neiman Marcus, Tourneau, and Omega.  Unfortunately, snobby salespeople or intimidating store design make certain stores-to-ogle less inviting (David Yurman and Cartier, for example).  Oher stores are limited in their selection (Burberry), or are so small that you feel uncomfortable browsing and not buying (Montblanc is tinier than Omega, and doesn't have numerous window displays).  If you want to be ignored and be alone in a museum-like setting, walk through Barneys.They really need to fill the three empty Barneys wing anchor restaurant spaces though (Grand Lux, Modern Steak, and that Italian restaurant have all been gone for a while).  A few stores also dropped lines or shrunk their selections in the past few years thanks to the recession (Louis Vuitton lost their watches, Banana Republic replaced their Heritage selection with more petites, and Barneys lost a massive number of brands, including Dior Homme).  They're building a brand new gigantic Harkins movie theater and a Dick's Sporting Goods though.
4	A great shopping experience. This shopping malls appears to be tailored to the upper class. There are many name brand stores and classy favorites to include Michael Kors, Tiffany & Co, Prada and so forth.The average patron seems bougie and at times a bit snotty by overall a great place to shop and staff in the stores seem very kind.Their food court is just fabulous by the way. It looks like a village and filled with many options. Those that know me know that I love food and this mall has lots to offer in that department...I just wasn't hungry because P.F Chang's was close to the mall ;-) (review posted as well). Enjoy the many floors of shopping and convenient parking garage. I just hope you can find parking.
