4	with the recent closing of Pho 777, there is a void of Vietnamese joints in the southwest area near blue diamond.  yes, there is Pho Hoang, but i guess what i mean is there is void of decent Vietnamese joints in the southwest area.  one day, after passing by this shopping center on my way to work, i noticed a this new pho restaurant opening.  i couldn't wait when i saw a lit boba sign in the window.  so last monday, my favorite dining companion (actually now my fiancee) decided to check out the restaurant, but as we walked through the UNLOCKED door, our hungry stomachs were punched when we found out that they were not opening until the next day on 11/4.  Well, I didn't make it to the grand opening, but i made it there today along with two curious coworkers.  as soon as we walked it, we noticed at how busy it was.  also, we noticed that you can peer into the kitchen whenever you want because there is no wall.  its a gigantic window.  its like going to the giant aquarium at the silverton lodge but instead of fish and and fake-topless mermaids, you see a bunch of people cooking and preparing your meals.  no shady business with your food here.  the menu was quite simple and not as extensive as other Vietnamese restaurants, but  they had your typical pho dishes ~$7, my favorite beef stew dish, vermicelli dishes, and rice dishes, too.  the only way to eat pho is to get the #1, which consisted of thin slippery rice noodles, thin slices of rare steak, well-done flank, extra fatty briskets, gooey gelatin soft tendon, and strings of tripe in a flavorful broth that hummed of star anise.  i love how not only do you have the typical hoisin, and red chili sauce, but they also give you the crunchy and oily red pepper to add some heat and flavorful zing to my pho.   im disappointed but they didnt have the option to get a bigger pho bowl, but my tummy was warm and full after slurping up this entire soup bowl.  service still seems to be learning the ropes.  they did forget our water and utensils.   i also have to add one more thing, when i ordered for Vietnamese iced coffee on the menu, i was told that they didnt have any today, but they did have tea.  WHAT????  that's equivalent to going to the golden arches, and not able to order and cold and sugary icey coca-cola to wash my big mac down.   above all....minus the coffee and the service, this restaurant has a lot going for it, compared to the earlier mentioned pho houses on this side of town, my ass will be plopped here a lot more often after that tasty bowl of pho
4	Not a bad place! Nothing hits the spot better after snowboarding than a warm bowl of pho. The broth was nice and flavorful, and they do not skimp on the meat. I had to fight my way past meat, tendon, and tripe, just to get to the noodles! The service staff was friendly and attentive. If you're in the Mountains Edge area, check this place out. Pho Saigon 8 is still my fav, but this place is so close to home that it'll do when I need a fix. $7 pho$2 milk tea boba
2	Mediocre Vietnamese food at best.  Also does not accept credit cards which is just absurd in this day and age.
4	I'm baffled by the bad reviews because I really like this place!  Come on now, you have to give it up for the play on words... Jenni Pho sounds like Jennifer.  How clever!  (Okay, maybe it was a coincidence but I got a kick out of it.  Then again I am easily amused.)Pros: modern decor, reasonable prices, really good food (especially the pho), only good Vietnamese restaurant on that side of town, very friendly and accommodating staffCons: parking is tight, cash only, service can be slowThe pho is huge, has tasty broth, and lots of tender meat.  My only other favorite place is Pho Kim Long in China Town but Jenni Pho has won me over.
3	I'm kinda biased when it comes to Pho, cuz I've had the REAL deal Holyfield back in San Jose....but this ain't bad.  Broth is good but not fantastic, you  can really taste the difference when you have been eating the best.  But I do have to say it's better than Saigon 8 (I think they bribed the columnists) sneaky azians.....meat was ok, not alot of noodles here.....they have a see through kitchen which is different, they usually don't like you to see the kitchen in case they drop something (u know that happens all the time in asian joints) but nice decor either way.til next  time, good eating!I'm still on a search for really good Pho.....
3	I've only eaten here once and it was decent.  I had the dac biet Pho and thought that it was good.  The broth was tasty and aromatic.  The whole place was clean and new looking.  You see right into the kitchen from the dining area. I want to go back and try it again!
3	Vietnamese food remains a novelty in the southwest area of Las Vegas.  With the recent opening of Jenni Pho, it satisfies your basic pho desires.Jenni Pho is a clean restaurant with an open kitchen viewable through the glass window, something you don't see often in Vietnamese establishments.Their menu is quite limited (versus others), focusing on a handful of pho bowls, broken rice dishes, stir fried noodles, and cold noodle bowls.  They also offer boba and slushed ice drinks.  And yes, it's a bit more expensive than Spring Mountain restaurants.I've been here a few times, sticking to the pho dishes.  Most recently I ordered the "Create Your Own Bowl" for $6.95.  You can choose  up to five items among 8 for your own combo.  I went for the fatty flank, steak, meat balls, crunchy flank, and tripe.  (The other three are brisket, tendon, and flank.)  They only have one size available, which is a cross between the small and large in other restaurants. The Husband ordered the Bo Kho (Beef Stew Noodle Soup) for $7.50.  He asked for egg noodles, which costs a dollar more.  When we actually got the bowl, regular rice noodles were there.  We told the waitress and she offered to take it back and change out the noodles but we were hungry and didn't want to wait.  We just wanted to be sure we weren't charged for the noodle change that didn't happen.They do offer a decent amount of noodles and meat in their version.  Overall, Jenni Pho has had a steady stream of customers when we visit.  And we notice non-Vietnamese frequenting as well, which I account for their picture menu making lives a bit easier.  It's a bit more relaxed here though, like a leisurely meal taking place.  It works when you're craving basic Vietnamese food in the area.Cash only.(Pics posted!)
1	I went back for the pho and had to reduce my rating, I must've just been really hungry last time.The broth here is salty like Pho Saigon 8 but not as good.  I ordered "extra tendon" but only found one small piece in my entire bowl.  As others have pointed out, they charge for refills on fountain soda which, in my book, is an automatic one-star deduction, and it's cash only - not cool.  Also they have no banh mi bread here, and I enjoy dipping my baguette in the broth...I probably won't go back here unless I'm feeling too lazy to drive to C-town.  Also, they have a spicy blood dish I may want to try.
5	This is a place that I go to due to its close location to me.Pro: The broth I love.  The aroma and flavor are great.  The servings are large.  If you get the Jenni pho you will get an abundance of meat, not just a bowl full of noodles.  The more I go to this place the better I like it.  I never have to wait to get in and the food comes out pretty quick.Con: CASH ONLY.  I could not believe this.  Well now they have an ATM in house which makes this not so bad.Service is good.  Location is near.  I love the Pho.
4	Finally a Pho place that is close to home. The inside is nice, stylish and clean. The kitchen has big windows and is see thru, which I kinda liked. We had egg rolls, Jenni's dessert (hmm very tasty. It has various tropical fruits in it such as Lychee, Jackfruit and some other fruit that was very flavorful and chewy, Jelly and coconut juice) and two bowls of Pho. The noodles were nice and chewy, the beef was good. However the broth needed a little more kick. Service was very attentive and nice. We were just disappointed with the Tendon. The Tendon here is very different from the one you get over at Pho So 1, which is our favorite place in town to go and have Pho. But all in all a decent place to go when you crave for Pho and don't want to drive all the way over to Spring Mountain Road.
5	Excellent.  They have a red pepper seasoning I haven't seen anywhere else and it's really good
3	I'm no expert at Vietnamese food, but I think this place is pretty good. The pho is good and the portions are big and cheap. Leftovers even taste great the day after. The veggie springrolls might be the best thing about this place. The staff was very friendly and attentive. If they accepted credit cards I would have given them a higher rating. Despite that I'll be back.
1	We been going to Jenni pho for the past few months 4x a month and because is close to where we live. The food they serve is OK but not the same as our favorite Saigon 8 on spring mtn and Lindell. There menu is very limited and not a lot of choices. But that's not the reason why I will not come back to Jenni pho. The reason is that her husband/relative and some of her staff are not very friendly and today that's what broke the camel back over a freaking Thia tea. Customer service 101 never argue or disrespect a customer over a drink that cost your business $2 dollars to make. bad call specially when we are in a middle of a depression. Word of advise to better customer svc be nicer to your customer and they will keep coming back but in this case we won't..
1	The restaurant was clean and nice, serivce was good and  that's all the positive comment I could say about this restaurant. The Pho was very bland and basically was full of MSG. My stomach can handle a little MSG, but when there are alot (and I meant alot), I can tell. Bun Bo Hue was horrible. The grill pork combo rice dish was not great either. The price was expensive and they don't take credit cards, cash only. I'm guessing it was probably tax reason. Anyway, quite disappointed since I had such a high hope of finally having a good vietnamese restaurant near my house so I don't have to drive all the way down to Spring Mountain for a good bowl of Pho. Ohh, fine,, maybe I could mentioned one more positive thing about this place, which is " this place is still better than Pho Hoang a few blocks away." I cannot find one good thing about Pho Hoang when I ate there.
5	This is my favorite Pho place in Las Vegas.  The service is fast, the food is reasonably priced, and it is very tasty!  I eat here at least once a week.
4	this is the closest to pho from san jose in my opinon..the place is clean..the pho is very basic..menu is easy to read..and they offer more then just soup.rice plates are also available.the waiter with the glasses, really friendly.. super attentive and he just all around has a good vibe.i like it for what it is.. simple!
4	Got served by Jenni herself who was personable and professional.  We ordered the spring roll priced great at $3.50 an order, and five Pho (the house special and vegetarian.  The veggie pho is not on the menu and was served with beef broth and piled high with about six different vegetables.   Jenni apologized profusely and gave us free boba drinks when she realized that the servers forgot to bring us our pho x 10 mins.  That's sincerity I haven't seen or expected for a long while.  Comfortable seating, clean bathroom, nice wait staff.  I definitely recommend.
3	Food is good but not as good as Hue Thai. I do enjoy their rice dishes and shrimp roll. I wish they had those Bahn Mi sandwiches.It's nice to see that they have a variety of boba drinks.My only complaint is that they only take CASH, which is very inconvenient since it is 2010 and no one really carries cash.  It seems to be more convenient for the owner who must enjoy not paying those small fees, especially seeing Jenni's high end luxury car always parked in the front. Just sayin'Great service from the staff
4	I have to admit.  I think I'm in love.  -Her name is JenniPho and she's from Vegas.  -She took good care of me when I was there. -She plays modern rock from the 80's.-She dresses nicely with neutral colors and rattan furnishings.   -She's clean.  She even has a large window so I can see how clean her kitchen is and what she does in it.  -Her broth is excellent in her Pho Dat Biet (combo).  Even her beef balls impressed me!  With wonderful flavor and texture, it's evident that she uses fresh and high quality ingredients.  Too bad she doesn't offer a bigger bowl!-Her eggroll wasn't bad, and her grilled honey chicken was nice and gingery.-Oh, and she only takes cash!I have to see her every time I visit the desert!
3	When I first walked in I was really pleasantly surprised. The interior of this place is leaps and bounds above any other pho spot I've been to. The kitchen is really modern looking. The service was great also.I ordered the combo pho. It was a decent sized portion but something just seemed off with the whole bowl. The broth is light, not as salty as pho kim long, and definitely not as tasty as pho so 1. The meat inside the soup was decent; I am not a huge fan of meatballs but there were meatballs in this combo so I had a couple-still not a fan. The ingredients seemed fresh and they were handled well (the onions looked so pretty on top!)I also ordered a blended iced coffee and this was the highlight of my meal. Very nice.I will come back when I am in the area to try my luck with some of the rice dishes, they look really good, but for now jenniPHO is just ok.
4	I have been going to Jenni Pho for at least a year now and find them them really consistent as far as prompt and efficient service, delicious food, and clean/ attractive ambience. There's another Vietnamese joint down the street from them and I feel bad for them because Jenni Pho hits them out of the ballpark as far as flavor and just, well, being so much more NICE inside!I can highly recommend the beef balls (in the Pho), delicious strips of tendon, tender brisket, and I personally find the broth tasty, with hints of the requisite clove and spices, and not at all "too salty" as can be the case with other Pho places who try to extend their soup's taste with salt. I especially love their broken rice dish with spring roll, "skewer" pork (meltingly tender marinaded sweet pork) and grilled shrimp. I wish there was a little more shrimp and pork, but it works. It comes with their nuoc cham and some cucumber/ tomato to cleanse the palate.The fried spring rolls are always hot and savory, with fresh and crisp lettuce and nuoc cham on the side. Any rice dish I've had always wins, though if you like pork, stick to the "skewer" pork, not the pork chop- I found the pork chop a bit tough and definitely not as flavorful as the other kind.Boba in the boba drinks are comparable to any boba joint in Chinatown (staying soft and chewy) and for under $2, their milk-tea boba is a popular and ubiquitious choice.  They are very willing to "go easy on the ice" if you tell them to- making the drink that much more "bang for your buck" and tasty!My only gripe is that they only take cash, and while they offer an ATM machine in the corner to address card-only customers (like myself), it still charges you X amount to use it. I'd say, come prepared with your paper stack if you intend to eat here!Other than that, I love coming to this place and it never disappoints. Even their lunchtime service, full of customers, is reasonably fast. Definitely a neighbourhood favorite and a place I'll keep returning to.
2	the good here is decent, a-ok in my book. however, the ambience is a hell of a lot nicer in the bathroom than in the actual restaurant. minus one star for that one.
3	Just A-Ok Pho in Las Vegas but very good place in the southwest area of Las Vegas (because they don't have anyone around this area)! What I think: DO NOT try Tomato soup pho! I was so disappoint because it smelled seafood not tomato at all and very oily.. this is a big NO NO NO to me (that's the reason why I throw up after ate here) !Also, I'm not very happy with their Spring Roll ( since I'm a big fan of it and after I tried it in many differnt Pho restaurant) !However, I'll come again.... let's see.... hope it will be much better....
4	Always a great place to go when you have a hangover or cold. Best casual Pho spot that's not on Spring Mountain. Super clean restaurant, and super good food! The pho is so flavorful. Jenni means business and is great at what she does. Some servers are just not all there. haha! But I go there for the food not the service. haha!
4	The coconut water here is divine!!!!! But I'm sure you want to know about the pho, so I'll get right to it: I always get Pho Ga or Pho Tai. I got Pho Tai this time around because I didn't see the former on the menu (but the staff said they will make it upon request), the pho was good. Not the best I've ever tasted, but my priorities are cleanliness and taste. It passed on both marks. Just writing this review makes me want to go eat some pho... The place is very clean, well decorated, and it's pretty cool that the kitchen is transparent (glass encasing). I recommend, esp. if you're on the SW part of town. Otherwise, it's too far, and I stick to Spring Mtn.
4	I'm really not that picky when it comes to pho. As long as the broth is good and the ingredients are good, it's all good! Jenni Pho meets both of those requirements. This is easily my pho place of choice if I want something relatively close to my house (and it's not past 10pm). Service is great. Their boba milk tea is also very good. Finally, I love how the kitchen is behind a glass panel, so you can see everything that goes on back there.
2	Being from San Jose, I'm biased because San Jose has great pho. My cousin took me here and I thought it was just OK. I didn't like the broth and my meatballs had an off taste to it.The service was great. Too bad the food wasn't.FINAL ANSWER: Wouldn't be my first choice, but it serves convenience and I'd go back for the sake of getting my pho fix.
3	I have gone to many Pho restaurants in the Las Vegas valley, and I believe that Jenni Pho is pretty good (it was way better than Pho Huang that was like two blocks away!). It wouldn't be my first chouce Pho place, but I live in the Blue Diamond area, and when I am craving Pho, Jenni Pho is good enough for me! I think that their Pho with the rare steak and tripe is comparable to other Pho places I have been. Their Bun with pork and shrimp however tastes a bit too charbroiled to me. Not enough marinate. My boyfriend usually orders the charbroiled pork plate with the french rice, which I have tried. The rice is too dry/ cooked (so it had alot of hard rice).. and again, meat is too charded. All in all, I like Jenni Pho... but it isnt my number one choice
4	Being in the service industry, I'm a stickler when it comes to good service, and the people at Jenni Pho deliver.  They were quick, attentive, and friendly.  I never once had to ask for a refill on my water, which is one of my pet peeves in a restaurant.  Granted, service isn't everything.  The menu is limited (especially for a pho joint), but what I did have I enjoyed (The pho tai - rice noodles with rare steak).  The quantities are huge, and I wish they would give a portion choice (small and large).  The place is clean and well lit, and parking was not an issue.  I would definitely go to this place again.
3	Being used to having great pho both homemade and in cities like San Diego, and OC I have high expectations when I visit pho restaurants. Jenni Pho was Okay. Good service, interesting biography type thing about Jenni perfecting her pho broth for 20years or so on the menu. The pho was not bad, it was not the best I've had but I can say I have had worse especially down the street at that other place...If you are in the Las Vegas area but not near spring mt. I would suggest Jenni Pho its not the best but it is good enough for the convenience.
4	This place is awesome. The service was quick and they were very attentative. As for the food...YUM!!! Spring rolls were delish n fresh and the Pho was flavorful. It was also very busy with people walking in every 3 mins.  Definitely recommend this place anyday!  oh yeah, the portions are huge and they don't give you the option to order a smaller bowl and you have to be 12 and under to order a kids size bowl. Other than that  great food.
5	Really good service and it is right near my house. The food is delicious. Good for a quick and easy Vietnamese fix.
4	They still only accept cash which really annoys me, but their food has definitely improved.  I have eaten here twice since my last review and really enjoyed it.
3	They have pretty decent pho but I do prefer going to Chinatown for my pho needs. The service is mediocre depends on who you get and how busy it is. They only accept cash, so if you don't have cash except to withdraw from their ATM.
1	I love Pho and have been to many Pho places.  I grew up in Socal so i've eaten in Little Saigon, i've been invited to Vietnamese families that cook Pho.  I make my own pho at home about once a month so I know a few things about pho.  Jenni Pho I would rank as one of the worst pho i've ever eaten.  The broth is epic FAIL.  It's flavorless, it lacks the subtle charred onion and ginger flavor, the meaty and rich taste that comes from oxtail and bone marrow, and the spices of cinnamon, cloves, and star anise.  The noodle was ok but the rare sliced steak came out over cooked.  The size was decent but I didn't want to finish it.  I left disappointed but knowing that since i've had the worst, i know my next pho experience else where has to be better.
5	Love this place. Always fresh best spring rolls in town I highly recommend fast service family friendly employees.
4	Well, this was my first time trying pho, and I loved it.  I ordered the pho tai, the serving was huge (I wasn't able to finish) and it has great flavor.  Keep in mind that they don't accept credit cards.  The service was amazing, and just like others mentioned, they keep your water cup full and the food is brought out pretty quick.
5	I am not from vegas, but I usually go to vegas 4-5 times per year. This is the best pho in vegas - hands down. Not only that, one of the cleanest authentic pho resturants you will EVER see. So clean you can see through the to the kitchen with the plexiglass walls. The pho broth is wonderful. The cafe su da (ice coffee) is great. I understand that Vegas is not known for Vietnamese food, but all the stuff in downtown china town is simply not good. The food here rivials OC.PHO BROTH IS SUPPOSE TO BE CLOUDY!!!! If you do not know this you do not know anything about Pho - thats what good pho is about!. The coudiness is from the beef bones and marrow all being simmered to bring out the taste.Anyways.. they are really nice people there too. Seem to smile alot which is a wonderful thing!5 stars!Breakdown: 2 Stars for Food, 2 Stars for cleanliness, 1 star for Customer service.
2	Hoping this place would be great, I have experienced better! Little did we know, the customer service was very poor, alongside the food! They sold a chicken noodle soup, but it was not in chicken broth! The chicken noodle soup was in BEEF broth! My cousin also ordered her pho, and it tasted like gingerbread was mixed into it. My order of pho was very watered-down! On to the next one for me!
5	I have eaten at about five different Pho places in LV, I have to say Jenni Pho is great!! The service is great they are friendly and fast, and make you feel like family. I love the food it is so fresh and tasty, The Pho is the best I have had. Sometimes i have to go there twice a day!!  My son loves the potstickers.I really recommend Jenni Pho the broth is tasty and meat is fresh, and the noodles are cooked just right!
1	I'm loving the modern trendy look, but for service and the Pho (I was a very unhappy customer) my Pho literally tasted like a Ginger bread was dip in it. (I called mine the holiday special) and I just order the broth and noodles. Tell me why they don't serve chicken broth?! I requested for chicken broth, since the menu did say there is chicken Pho noodles upon request, but the server said that they serve their chicken Pho with beef broth!? (this is a first) never had I've gone to a Pho joint and not be served chicken broth in my chicken soup. Worst Pho I ever tried in myLife.
2	This place just isn't great. The service was slow and the pho was a little watered down and flavorless.The restaurant atmostphere is nice and clean, but considering my party was the only one in the restaurant I couldn't understand why our meals took so long to come out. The portions were slightly smaller than most pho places I frequent and slightly more expensive as well... =(I'd stick with the Chinatown favorites as far as pho goes...
5	I have eaten at this restaurant for some time now, and I must say it is now my new favorite pho restaurant. I had the honor of meeting and telling the owner herself what a great restaurant she has. The pho is really good. Not only is the pho good, but the boba as well (avacado, you should try it!). It doesn't have chunks of ice in it. The boba here is more like a smoothie and it is d-e-l-i-c-i-o-u-s. I am amazed of the staff's ability to hold extremely hot bowls and the nice service is a plus. I would definately recommend to try this place out.
2	The first thing I noticed as I walked through the front door was the "cash only" sticker on the window.  Great.  After discovering that my wife and I had $16 in cash betwen us, I was informed that we could use the convenient ATM machine they had inside for only a $1.50 fee.  Whooppee!  Cash only?  Business research has proven again and again that when customers can use debit or credit cards, they spend more money than they would when paying cash.  I withdrew some money and waited for a table.  When a few minutes passed in the nearly empty restaurant without being approached by the hostess/waitress, my wife and I chose our own seat.  We were then brusquely given our menus and asked "you know what you want?"  I put in an order for egg rolls as we decided our entrees.  When we attempted to place our order, the waitress again brusquely told us that chicken wasn't available till 5pm.  When you have such a limited menu, you really shouldn't have to schedule any items.  It was 4:45 and they refused to put in my 9-month pregnant wife's order for chicken.  At that point, my wife had seen enough and decided to eat elsewhere (luckily there's a good taco shop in the same shopping center).  I ordered a rare steak pho.  Our egg rolls were brought to us, and the waitress decided to use the egg roll platter as a battering ram to shove our water glasses out of the way, nearly spilling mine.  We were given 4 egg rolls, but only 2 pieces of lettuce, so we only had enough to wrap half of our order.  To be fair, the rolls were tasty and freshly made.  After finishing hers, my wife went to the taco shop and I ate my pho.  The broth was decent and the meat was very lean and tender.  It was not good enough to put up with the rest of the experience, however.  As my wife showed up with her taco shop to-go order, I paid the bill.  As far as tipping goes, I nearly always leave 20% or more.  This time I left 15% - since I had to leave another 5% with the ATM machine.  I will not be returning.  This is a very clean restaurant with good (not great) food, but there are just too many good pho shops in Chinatown and elsewhere.  There's a reason Jenni was empty and Pho Saigon 8 is always packed.
5	I am back and just want to say, My family and I went to Jenni Pho again last night and my son had the potstickerss and shrimp fried rice and he loved it!! the portion of the rice is huge. I had the Bun Rieu (crabmeat tofu and shrimp tomato soup with vermicelli) all i have to say is delicious.the service was great as usual. also every table was taken it was so busy  and we still had wonderfuk service and great food.
4	The best pho place in Vegas..  The steak (tai) is cut thin and doesn't look like "mermaid" meat..  Typical pho restaurant prices, the only downside is they messed up my order once..  Other than that, if you're in the southwest side of town, I definitely recommend it..
2	Since I moved here from Honolulu, I knew I would be let down by mediocre Asian food. I wasn't surprised here. Good Vietnamese restaurants are gauged by either Pho or  Banh Mi (french bread sandwiches). The Pho here is not horrible, but, eh, even I can open up a can of beef broth and throw in some spices at home. When I go to a restaruant I want to eat something better than I can make.I know it takes time and effort to make a good stock, which they don't do here.Service was horribly slow, probably due to not enough Pho places down South. If you want quality, I guess you gotta make the drive to chinatown.
4	Lately, the weather in Las Vegas has been so chilly :-/  If the weather gets really cold, I'm always craving for some good Pho. Well, I couldn't stop thinking about it all day at work so I had to grab a bowl of Pho the other day @Jenni Pho. I am the least picky eater out there, in all honesty, although I can't have something too salty particularly. The only thing I won't eat now is black licorice, haha.  Anyways, what's the secret recipe for good Pho?? The broth( the beef bone) or the sack of magical herbs in the broth? I once read, in a Vietnamese food cook book that mentioned the beef bone and its relations to the period and temperature that it is cook. I guess, It takes good amount of time to make a good Pho :) I am pretty sure that only Vietnamese mom of generations can cook the best Pho. I usually get  'Pho Tai Nam (steak& Flank)-$6.25'. They always give enough beef and a good temperature of the broth. Their broth has a nice, deep flavor and tastes very clean in spite of its cloudy appearance. I usually put a lot of bean sprouts(always very fresh), Thai basil leaves, little bit of jalapeno pepper slices, & a lime wedge. Just having a simple Pho, I like being able to customize it to my tastes; It is a fun moment of all! :P And I always kindly ask a server to bring me a small side dish of sliced onions...As soon as she puts the sliced onion on my table, I like to lightly sprinkle the red hot chilly paste on top of the onions. This is my way to enjoy my Pho ( I can't have a bowl of Pho with kimchi, right? :P). I was very happy that my Pho is accompanied by a plate heaped high with instant onion pickle that I created :) At the end, I always kill the soup..,leaving the bowl empty.. Overall, Jenni Pho is a clean, has a good size of  parking lot (no hassle), & a good Vietnamese restaurant that is a great addition to the southwest area. Perhaps my complaints will be the slow service that often you get, as the restaurant can be relatively busy at night with a lot of customers.
1	I have been here a few times. The food isn't bad, but there are a lot of other pho places that deserve your time. I don't particularly like the taste of their pho broth. I don't know how to describe it, but it's a little off and on the sweet side.If this place is busy, don't expect any service. I walked in with my sister one time and saw a couple tables clean and open. We made eye contact with 2 of the waiters, and neither of them offered us a table or even acknowledged our presence. We waited around for about 5 min as they continued to ignore and walk past us several times. Then we just left.I had high hopes for this place, especially since it's more conveniently located, but I guess I'll just have to continue going down to Spring Mountain to get my pho fix.
5	Jenny pho!! I love their pho tai chin, lemongrass, and spring rolls! Boyfriend lives fairly close, so this is our spot when we have our vietnamese food cravings.
2	The spring rolls were pretty good and the pho was average.  On the downside is the service.  I have been here a couple times and once walked out because they just didn't bother to come take our order.  This trip wasn't as bad, but they need to address the service or lack thereof.  Another irritation is that they accept cash only.  They have an atm in the store, but it is just plain cheap not to accept cards then expect your customers to pay an additional fee to eat there.
4	I love that Jenni Pho is in my neighborhood area.  Pho is really good and I really think it is one of the best in Vegas. Egg rolls are crunchy and yummy. I didn't like the chicken wings too much only because it was so huge and and too breaded for my liking.The beef stew  with Egg Noodles is perfectly warm and thick for a cold Vegas night. I also enjoy the expedition kitchen style! The only thing that all of you must remember is that this venue is cash only!
2	The worse bowl of pho i've had in Vegas.I was willing to sacrifice a little because I didnt want to make the drive to Spring Mtn.There's way too many other Pho options.  Don't waste your time here.No need to elaborate on the food -- it sucked.
5	I will drive across town for their seafood pho! especially If I am sick with a cold or flu!!!
4	In Las Vegas, mostly all of the Pho restaurants are located in the Chinatown area. I live in the Mountain's Edge area.. and it is quite a drive to Chinatown. I'm not about to drive all the way there for a bowl of pho, so when I first saw Jenni Pho open, I was excited that I could drive about 10 minutes for a bowl of Pho. The place is quite small and the parking lot is small too. The service is good, not great but nothing to complain about. The Pho is cheap and the boba is as well, which I'm happy about. Boba is about $2 - $3, whereas in Chinatown, they can go up to $5. The Pho portion is pretty big and they give you a good amount of meat. The broth is ok, nothing too "WOW" but decent. Pho is Pho, it's a simple soup dish that they serve on the streets in Vietnam, so what can you really expect? It's a good dish to eat on a cold day and it's my ultimate comfort food. Jenni Pho is not my favorite Pho place in Las Vegas, but since it is close to my home, cheap and decent, I go here often. Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.
1	The first thing that should tip you off about the quality of the pho served here is that the "clever" name only works when you mispronounce "pho".
3	This place is pretty good. They're clean, fast, and friendly. However, their pho can't compete with Pho Kimh Long.
4	I do love the food here.  I enjoy the spring roll and the well cooked beef pho.  I have to say though the vermecelli noodle with vinegar and egg rolls is my favorite at this spot.  Most the staff is great and Jennifer, herself is awesome!  Give it a try: good vietnamese dishes and clean dining area and window to view the kitchen (so you know its clean back there too!)Not a big deal, but best to mention that they only take cash and the location works for me but just FYI location is SW Vegas and not your typical Chinatown area.  To me that's a plus!
5	I don't understand why people are giving this awesome place bad reviews. It is DELICIOUS CLEAN and CHEAP! What more do you want for a local little Pho place with great prices and service. We always get good service and the Seafood or Rare Steak Pho is my favorite. The broth is savory and never bland. It's not too salty ( I LOVE SALT) just perfect temperature and the portions are huge. I love their potstickers and egg rolls. I also had their Vermacelli tomato Seafood with no squid and that was pure heaven too. Their sauces on the table are great quality. The open kitchen window is very nice and allows you to see what a small kitchen can put out, which is deliciousness in a bowl. Their boba flavored drinks are all very good, THey have a huge selection of endless iced, coffee, smoothie and teas with or without boba they're all REALLY TASTEY! I live close by and so happy I can go there at least once a week. I love Pho and have had many and this is right up there if not better than some of the Spring Mountain Phos. PLUS they are VERY friendly, they aren't all weird and rude just because I'm not Vietnamese like some places are in Spring Mtn. Don't knock it till you try it and I would say I have a very sofisticated palate and have a good sense for what's good & bad. I'm not picky I'll try anything once. This place is a must!I promise if you order a simple Pho to start with for those of you who are just starting you won't be dissapointed. LOVE THIS PLACE I'm gonna go now just writing this review made my mouth water!Cash only but you can eat like a King with $20
3	When the owner is present the food is awesome. This last two times my boyfriend and I went the food was ehh. The pho' smelled like strong and tasted strong. The egg rolls were slighty burnt. =[ We come here often, I just hope the next time we decide to go again the food will be taste better.
5	Best pho hands down that i have ever eaten!! I have been to pho restaurants in san fran, san jose, etc. and this takes them all. The prices are ridiculously cheap to boot. Pot stickers are wayyy tasty and now you get 2 for 1!!
5	Definitely the best place I ate pho at.  Stylish decor and pleasant environment. Open later than most pho places. Fast service. The pho broth is delicious and plank meat melted in my mouth. Only takes cash but is cheap. I'll be back to try more of the menu
3	Small portions, at least the take out is. Dine in was better, but could use more noodles. Broth is clear and clean, good flavor. Negative on limited veggies offered with pho and cash only. Nice clean restaurant.
4	Prolly second best Pho in Vegas next to Pho Kim Long...good if you are in the neighborhood and don't want to make the trek to Chinatown...they sometimes don't have things on the menu which is kind of a downer...but if you just want some good Pho its definitely reliable.  Very clean place as well.
3	It is so hard to rate pho because it is not food that's supposed to be "fine dining".  Jenni pho was pretty good overall. The Gf ordered chicken pho, which was a bad idea. The obvious clue not to order chicken pho came when they only mentioned via a piece of paper that chicken pho is offered. My beef pho, however, was the second best I've had in Lv.  If I hadzn't seen the quality of chicken used in my pho-virgin's meal, this is 4.5 star. Overall, Jenni pho is an easy 3.5 stars.  Price is standard and food is good. Will edit review after second and third try.
3	Big portions, very generous with meats, and decent broth. I find it a touch oily but overall, not bad. What I like is that they serve their pho in ceramic bowls that keep the temperature of the soup consistent throughout the meal. My favorite thing here is actually the young coconut juice. Delicious and refreshing! Buy 2, get 1 free includes the coconut juice, boba milk tea, thai iced tea, and the Jenni's dessert!
3	I'd give more stars because it's clean, modern-decor and convenient location but when you have been "spoiled" by other pho places in town, you are just left "unsatisfied!" Just doesn't taste "rich" and authentic enough for moi~
1	My family and I have been loyal customers of Jenni pho since they opened. Just this evening I had dinner with my parents, grandma sister, my 4 year old daughter and 16 month son.  We all ordered are usual soups. But when we were served all the soups were mixed up. Oh well we were all excited to be eating our favorite soup. We were all finishing our food and winding down everyone full and happy. All of a sudden our grandma started being unresponsive we all stood up scared and quickly asked the restaurant for help in calling 911. The person up at register had his back to us not sure if he heard was going on but my dad asked calmly and kindly if we could use there phone to call 911 so that they would know right away our location. The man said " No use your own cell phone". Are you ?$!!!@!!! Serious??? None of the staff stopped to ask us if everything was ok. They just kept working like it was no big deal??? It wasn't like this was in the corner not everyone could see us we were sitting in the middle of the restaurant??!!!luckily the table next us were so kind and tried to help us and they called 911 for us. Yes we all had our phones but when your in that moment and you have 2 little ones as well and your thinking your loved one is dieing in front of your eyes you are not thinking straight. Finally after a few min a waiter asked if he could do anything we said yes could you please bring us a wet cloth he came back with only napkins??? Well we finally got my grandma who is on dyalisys  awake and coherent. We tried to leave as quick as we could because we were so appaled at the service we just received. We will no longer be eating @ jenny pho and we will be telling all our friends and family not too as well. Shame on you!!!
4	Great prices and food. I ordered a pho tai ( rare steak ). They packed it with meat..i felt like more meat than noodles, which is a huge plus! I would totally go again. Must try! Ps. Only cash.
4	This is another spot totally convenient for me as it's minutes from my place. The pho is good and it's a bonus that they have crab rangoon as an appetizer on the menu since you won't find it at many Vietnamese joints. The pho is only good not amazing and the service is lacking from time to time. Hence the 4 star rating, not 5. Just today, I stopped by and after I finished eating I was just sitting there playing on my iPhone and she cleared everything off my tables including my drinks. Kind of like "Go play on your phone somewhere else, white boy!" Haha! I thought it was funny though. Honestly though, they are mostly on top of their game with service. They do serve you to turn tables quickly. Not a place to sit and chat with friends.
3	The Good: It's cheap, the place is really nice inside, and the Pho is pretty damn decent. Good location if you're in the Southwest right on Rainbow. The Bad: The service is abrupt and aloof. I went to pick up take out and the guy behind the takeout counter was surfing the internet, apparently I was SEP and rather than say something polite like "the cashier will be here shortly" he just chose to make it mega-awkward and surf (what I assume was some highly captivating pornography) defiantly.When you get Pho in the restuarant you feel like you're getting a ton of meat. When you get it via take out and get to see it in it's deconstructed form, you're getting about a dollars worth of lunch meat. Not good. I strongly suspect you get far more meat for dining in.Horrifying: The meatballs, like a lot of Pho places, are just bad. Also they are almost perfectly evocative of reproductive organs. I believed this was my palate until I had good traditional Pho balls at other Pho restaurants. The same is true, even more so, for the tripe. It's about as chewy as it can get here. I am not accounting this into the score though, because I think this may be cultural. Still recommended, just don't expect to be blown away.
3	I've heard from friends that Jenni Pho has the best Thai Tea in town. And since its right down the street from my house, its 1000x more convenient than driving all the way to Pho So 1 on Spring Mountain ( my usual pho spot ). The restaurant is fairly small but well-decorated and well-lit with natural light. Generally speaking, asian food joints aren't the nicest places to eat. But I was pleasantly surprised to see that Jenni Pho is actually a really nice sit down restaurant. In addition to pho, the menu features a variety of delicious appetizers and entrees for those who aren't pho people. My favorite bowl of pho is Pho Dac Biet which is their "Jenni Pho" so I went with that and an order of fresh spring rolls. The spring rolls were absolutely delicious: soft noodles, crisp vegetables, fresh shrimp. Definitely one of the better spring rolls I've had. But the peanut sauce was a little bit thick for my liking. So I added some soy sauce and sriracha to it to tone down the strong peanut flavor and thin the consistency a bit. The server's timing was very good as well. I was halfway done with my spring rolls and he brought the pho to the table. I was immediately disappointed to see that all of the "rare beef" was fully if not over cooked. Next time I'll be ordering the beef on the side; I prefer my beef more rare than well-done. Pho Dac Biet doesn't usually come with meatballs. And nothing against Jenni Pho but I've just never been a big fan of Asian meatballs so I removed those from my bowl. Despite my issues with the meats, I still enjoyed this bowl of pho. The broth was very flavorful and it satisfied my craving. Before I left, I got a Boba Thai Tea to go. WHICH WAS AWESOME AND CHEAP.I can see Jenni Pho becoming one of my usual spots to eat. Overall, the pho was just OK. But I did enjoy my meal. And its so close to my home that I just can't pass it up.
2	Fast service, but not very friendly. Soup was super greasy, peanut sauce was terrible, not authentic. I love pho and have tried many locations spring valley has much better options!
3	daughter loves the kids meal. i like the fact that you can substitute egg noodles with the pho. your order can get lost though if you are a big party. it happened to us twice already.
2	Was ok, broth pretty good, tasty wings, but when I go they are CHEAP on the beef, like 4 wimpy slices, and charged $4 more for 4 more slices! Other times when I go with people who are regulars service and portions are great. Playing favorites at a restaurant isnt for me.
3	Came here for my second try at Pho as the first time I tried it at a different place, it sucked. The Pho here was really good as were the egg rolls.Pros: Good food, good price on food, food came fast and large portions.Cons: Cash only, soft drinks served in a can at a buck a piece.I would have given this place 4 stars if it was based on the food and service. However 99 cent refills on 12 oz soda's and the dollar fifty ATM charge in the lobby is just a little annoying.
4	This place is close to where I live, and the food is not bad at all.  The quality and taste is just right for the price. CASH only tho, there is an ATM inside that you can pull $ from, but there will be fees for doing so. Not a big deal, but just get a little cash out if you wanna avoid the ATM. Buy 1 get 1 free Pot Stickers, dine in only! Egg-rolls are yummy. Service is good.
3	Jenni Pho is right around the corner from my house.  They have good broth and good prices for a neighborhood Pho joint.  I normally grab this on a night when I'm feeling like an easy meal at home (not cooked by me.)  My normal order is the steak pho & some spring rolls.  My only complaint is that they frequently short us on chopsticks and give very little basil.
2	I always get gas when i eat here. And I smell like Pho for a week. Whats with cash only?!? They must be making a killing form the Atm they have in there. Greedy fucs...
4	I was pleasantly surprised with today's trip to Jenni Pho.I typically find their Pho to be par, but not phenomenal.  Today it was high above par.  Good stuff.  Maybe some changes in the broth recipe?
4	I love this place. Im loving the beef and steak pho. And I basically order everyone of the appetizers.
5	You 2 star reviewers have probably never been to Chinatown, need to start carrying cash and get over yourselves.  This is the best bowl of pho I have had in a long time.
3	Finally decided to try this little vietnamese cafe & overall it was okay. Cute, clean venue. Can be somewhat cramped, so dont go here for a big birthday dinner. One star for the open kitchen. One star for the standard customer service, nothing too special. & the last star for the ok pho. I ordered the pho tai bowl. Taste wasnt satisfying, but still good. Sweet soupy taste. As for the meat, mine was dried up like a soggy jerky. Id go back, but Jenni Pho wouldnt be my first pho pick. Pho So 1 & pho kim long are great.
4	Very authentic and tastes great.  Dinning room is a bit cramped but worth it.  Great place for a quick weekend lunch.
5	I must admit, I only ever have the seafood pho, cuz I'm a pescetarian.  It is always great!  Everyone is very friendly!  It's always a great experience!It's very clean.  The kitchen is open to the dining area.  And even better, I've seen the employees eat there!  So you know it's clean.Can't say enough about it.
4	This is quickly rising to the top of our favorite pho places.  Our third visit today and we took 2 pho newbies along for a food adventure.  It did not disappoint.  We had the egg rolls which were served piping hot and extra, tasty, crispy.  They were accompanied by fresh cilantro and plenty of fresh green leaf lettuce for wrapping.  Jenni Pho is nice because they offer chili paste and chili oil in the condiment tray.  The restaurant is cute and very clean and tidy.  The service is friendlier than most.  Vietnamese coffee was pleasing as ever -  a super strong, super sweet zing to start your day!  We were craving pho early and were so pleased to find out they opened at 9:30 am! What a breakfast treat!The broth was very nicely flavored, and the portion was more than adequate. Everyone was pleased with the meal! Warm happy bellies make a great start to any day.2 Vietnamese coffees, 1 coke, 1 hot tea, 1 coconut water, 4 bowls of pho and 2 orders of egg rolls = $53.
2	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (8 of 365).Unfortunately, this is not one of my go to places for Pho.  But it is actually good enough to go to because it's the closest place to go to for Pho without the far drive to China town.  The soup here is kind of bland but there is actually enough taste to make you come back on a rainy day.  It's actually a plus if you're looking for low sodium I guess.  There isn't much to the broth and you definitely have to dip all your meat in some kind of sauce before you eat it.  The fried egg rolls are good though and they come with lettuce to wrap it in.If you want good authentic Pho, I suggest making the drive out.  But if you're super hungry and you're OK with good soup that you don't have to make yourself, go to Jenni Pho.
4	I've been a long time customer and because we are, we have a discount card that we used since the day she opened. She is now charging to have a discount card. Its cheap and the food is good. The location is great! I don't have to drive to Chinatown for pho.If you are all about the broth, this place makes some good broth! The BBQ pork is also good. They also have deals on appetizers. The last time I was there it was BOGO on pot stickers.THE CON: CASH ONLY folks!
3	I had pho and the noodles were congealed together in a ball and chopsticks were no use in breaking it apart. I had to use a fork and spoon to separate the ball of noodles. I asked for  cilantro and received about 10 stalks so they were pretty stingy. The broth was ok. I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come back to this place. And make sure you bring cash because that's the only form of payment they accept.
3	I was just there on a cold windy night and the soup did do the trick.  The best thing in this place is the egg rolls, however they do not serve it authentically like the other restaurants in Chinatown.  Where's the pickled carrots and radishes.  Missing mint, the purple leaves and all kinds of herbs.  Best place for that if you really like herbs and veggies you have to go to Pho So 1.  I did stop by this place because my daughter wanted egg rolls and I did not want to do the drive to Chinatown.  It's good once in a while but I like grilled beef that I can wrap with the rice paper and pineapple sauce.  The best place is Pho So 1 for that.
4	The pho there is not great, but everything else is excellent. Always great service.
3	Not bad, not great. The closest pho that I can get to from my house. It's a small little standalone shop in the middle of a strip mall. Food is decent and service is good. The restaurant is clean. Cash only.
1	Mediocre pho. Marginal service. Automatically adds 18% tip to bill w/o warning. Cash only.  Will never go there again.
4	Awesome pho, quick service and great staff.  The pho is about as good as I have had in Vegas or anywhere else.
3	I visiuted this place twice in a course of a month. It was ok, service tend to be neglectful even when the restaurant is not too busy. Pho was good, other stuff just so so. They have a buy one order of potsticker get another one for free which makes me comeback. The pan fried are so so but the deep fried one is delicious. Most of the vietnamese restaurant here cannot compete with los angeles based vietnamese restaurant, but for southwest area, jenny pho is ok. Oh by the way, they! wouldve gain another star if they accepted credit cards. But they are not, CASHH only
3	I love the fact that they have buy one get one going on for their pot-stickers. I'm a huge fan of them. Their Pho was pretty OK.3 star because of the service. They don't really have very attentive servers. Casual ambience. cool set up.will go there again for pot-stickers.
4	This was my first experience trying Pho, and I was pleasantly surprised. I had ordered the steak Pho and a plain ice tea. For $7.95 you get a plate of basil, jalapenos, and bean sprouts with your Pho. The broth was flavorful, and the meat was very tender. The steak came thinly sliced, and there was just the right amount of it in the soup. The noodles were translucent and also had a nice texture. All in all, the food great and I will soon be going back for seconds. Cons: Yes, this place accepts cash only. Also, they don't refill drink in a timely manner.Other than that, Jenni Pho is a great place to dine:)
4	Two words: pho-cking fantastic. My favorite place to grab some pho. It's a shame it's so far away from where I live, or else I'll be their #1 customer. I just can't get over their broths and how it's so tasty and refreshing until the very last drop. Sure, it may be more on the oily side but that's ok, I always ask for an extra bowl and carefully spoon out the liquid layers of fat.The service is quite good; ample amount of waiters and waitresses hanging around ready to help you with whatever. My only gripe about this place is that they don't accept cards! Debit or credit, doesn't matter. I think everyone will agree that in this day and age that's pretty unacceptable. They have an ATM but still, it takes an X amount of money for the transaction. I actually told them I'll stop by a BoA and come back. Luckily there's one not too far away. However, damage has been done, one demerit for you, jenni; Upgrade your cash registers!Regardless, this place has awesome pho.
3	I was excited to try their pho after reading the little bio on Jenni inside the cover of their menu. First couple of sips of the pho seemed promising, and then the taste just goes bland after a few bites. To me a great bowl of pho is all about the broth and then the addition of hoisin and hot sauce. With this pho, adding anything to it, only makes the taste worse. So try not to go crazy with the sauces thinking it'll get better. I am impressed however with their salt and pepper shrimp! Absolutely amazing! I'd recommend getting it without the shell. I may not come back for the pho, but I'd definitely get the salt and pepper shrimp again!
4	Pho is great!!! Would recommend.
4	The Pho here is fantastic! My usual is the pho with meat balls, Spring rolls and two fer Gyoza. I'm usually with my wife or a small group when I eat here. Thy accept cash only but there is an ATM in the establishment. Well lite, clean and very friendly staff your meals are  prepared inside of  an open kitchen surrounded by glass so you can see whats going on in the back. Being a chef myself I love these kind of rooms. So the food. The dish I always go to is the Pho with the little chewy meatballs. Delicious broth. A good amount of noodles. Garnishes are plenty and yup the rosted  satee sauce is right at the table next to the hoisin and siracha, perfect. The ice tea here keeps flowing. I actually jones for this place.
4	Small place but very good. I was one of the 1st hundred customers and have a VIP card. During the winter I was there often! Now there's a new pho place down the street that will compete with them.
2	This place is alright nothing to rave about, I would probably like it more if they took cards, it's cash only and it's not worth going I the ATM inside there restaurant to pay. Id rather take my hunger else where.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place and love the owners! My first regular restaurant in Las Vegas and boy, was i welcomed! Amazing pho and exceptional service. I love the pot stickers that are buy 1 get 1 free. yummy
1	Doesn't even deserve one star, but negative stars, only!!!  My first and last experience was indescribable.  My husband wanted fried rice, only.  They don't have ANY rice. He ordered nothing.  I ordered, what I thought was hot soup.  It was a cold, bleh!!!  It also had some type of bones (I, hopefully, assume for flavor) which I didn't know was in the soup, so when I spooned it up and tried to eat it, obviously,  you cannot.  I had to spit it out.  A plate of bean sprouts????????  I didn't think I was ordering vegetarian soup.  My sister ordered another type of soup.  Hers, at least was hot.  We have eaten all over Las Vegas and tried hundreds of restaurants.  This is the worst experience and food, ever.  How do they stay in business?????????????
5	I'm giving this restaurant a 5 star for Vegas standards.  I live in San Francisco and have traveled far and wide for a good bowl of pho. I've been to Jenni Pho 4 times and it has always given me my Pho fix.  It's all about the soup base when it comes to pho. Soup is savory (authentic and good ingredients) and not overly salty (MSG) tasting.  I've had the opportunity to try 3 types of noodles on my visit, Pho Dat Biet, Bun Bo Hue, and Bun Riue.  All very tasty and more importantly very authentic.
3	I was craving a bowl of hot yummy pho and popped into Jenni Pho after a rock climbing workout. I was greeted and seated promptly. The pot stickers were buy one get one (rock on!) which was a nice surprise. The pho - was delicious! Soooo delicious I did a take-out session later on in the week. The takeout was bland and blah. It lacked the punch and pizzaz I had experienced in house.  :)  Hooray for dine-in.....  :( Boo for takeout
5	Their boba is almost as good as Volcano Tea which says a lot. 2 thumbs up also its buy 2 get the 3rd free. So dine with friends! The pho portions are huge and the broth is yummy. We also got spring rolls and eggrolls  you can tell its super fresh and they make it so fast!! Service is great and fast and the restaurant is clean. Lucky for everyone who lives on that side of town Jenni pho is awesome. Only thing they need to add is some a/c so that everyone can enjoy some summer pho without dying! lol
4	For Vegas....This place has good pho. I have a really picky eater for a brother and even he liked it. Surprise surprise, I almost fell of my chair. So far, my pho has been consistent. I haven't been disappointed yet. Even though I eat pho all the time but when I travel away from home, I still have the cravings for it. I think this place is decent.
2	I really wanted to like Jenni Pho since it's so close to my man's house but they failed me. We went for Sunday brunch and the restaurant had a nice flow going. We were promptly seated and the server took our order of 3 Phos and an order of egg rolls. I kid you not it took over 35 minute to get our Pho! WHAT THE PHO!!!!!? And then we asked our waiter about the egg rolls and he told us it would be a couple more minutes. When we were finished with our Pho guess what finally showed up??? We told them we didn't want it anymore so they apologized and took it back! Then we decided to utilize the boba special they had (buy 2 get 1 free) and so we placed our order with the server.. 5 minutes later he comes back asking what we ordered again because he forgot...!! -___-IDK I may try giving Jenni Pho another chance since the food was not that bad..and hopefully Jennifer is there next time because I hear everything runs more smoothly when she's present.
4	Flank steak pho was great. Remember to bring cash as they don't accept credit/debit cards.  Service was very good, but the a/c was warm in the restaurant even with fans running full blast.  We'll be back when it cools off in the fall!
1	Worst service EVER! I took my friend to try pho for the first time and was extremely dissappointed.the server first took his time getting to our table and when he finally did he did not attempt to take our order or serve us . The meat was fatty and the pieces were to big to be served n a soup. Finally , they had no sign that showed they did not except cards therefore resulting and me leaving and going to the ATM...the service was so crappy It overweighs the OK food...recommend gng to china town for good pho
3	The spring roll was terrible, their suppose to have slices of pork in it all they had was couple of shrimp and shit load of veggies.it was more like salad roll.
4	Best so far among Pho places we have tried.  I always get the rare steak & flank pho, fried egg rolls & the pork & shrimp entree.  The food always satisfies and the never failing friendly service keeps me coming back.
1	My 1 star is based on the way they clean their tables. That dirty never washed gym locker room smell.  Imagine smelling that while you eat. Service is horrible. Expect to have super fast bowel after leaving the restaurant
2	If ur not into beef or pork, then u probably shouldn't eat here because mostly all there soups are beef/pork based (even their chicken pho). They give u a tomato based option, but it just ruins the whole pho experience! I did not want tomato soup! Also, our kids got a chicken tender meal which was suppose to come with soda, that they didn't get til after they ate because the waiter forgot. Ended up taking the can drinks home. The waiters r friendly, just forgetful.So, guess we'll be eating at any other pho place, because this is the only one that didn't have chicken based soups, or veggie based soups.
4	This is a good pho place for being away from Chinatown. The food came out quick and the food was tasty. Prices aren't bad at all. Definitely worth coming to. The only downside is they don't accept cards.
3	Only reason I'm not giving it four stars is that they're cash only.  Kind of a pain. Great otherwise.
3	Pho broth tends to be watered down in flavor. It's acceptable but not great. The Grilled Chicken Vermicelli bowl's are heaping healthy servings compared to most places in town. Thumbs up in that respect.
3	when im feeling too lazy to goto chinatown i come here to eat. their stuff is ok. my biggest gripe is that they dont take credit/debit cards. cash only. theres an atm machine for you to use. but i do like how the kitchen is open and glassed off so you can see but not go home and smell everything the cooked back there. oh and fix the damn paper towel dispenser in the men's bathroom! i think its been broke for a while.
3	I've gone here for pho twice and the pho (for the price) isn't bad for Vegas. Portions are decent, too (think a bowl radius that's about 2 1/2 deck of cards placed length-wise across). The first time I ordered their rare steak pho, the broth was just the right flavor. This second time around, I had to sriracha the heck out of it to give it some more flavor. I usually drink a good amount of the broth, but not this second time around. I've had their mixed jelly drink as well as their milk tea. If you like multi-colored I-don't-know-what-I'm-tasting drinks, the former is a good pick. Otherwise, I'd stick with the milk tea.
1	I have been in 3 times recently and the food has gone way downhill.  The staff is not the same and it feels like a completly different restaurant.  I have dined here atleast 30 times.  I will not return.  Sorry Jenni, don't think I'll try the new place in Chinatown.  I was really looking forward to it.Pho Saigon 8 is my new spot.
1	My husband and I have been to this restaurant few times, the food is good, but the service is really poor, the last time when we went there, the waiter seated us, we were left there for about 10 minutes. The Asian people who came after us got their food first, and we were the last even we were there earlier than the others . We are not going back any more..
4	Lovely little restaurant with really, really good soup. I took my laptop in (have internet, will travel!) and worked on my book while the waiter took very good care of me. My soup was piping hot, absolutely full of all kinds of fun and wonderful seafood, and very tasty. He checked on me without being intrusive, brought me extra cilantro when I asked, and served me a ready-made Vietnamese iced coffee. I took my time writing and noshing, and never felt 'moved along' like so many other restaurants do when you set up shop.I'll be back to try other dishes!
3	We ordered pho tai nam.  Big bowl with generous meat portions.  A lot of fat on the meat. Flavor was good, but not remarkable.  Also had boba. They had three for price of two. We ordered two Thai tea and one milk tea. We tasted both flavors.  Also, good but not remarkable. We drank one there and brought other two home and froze them for later.  I like glass window into kitchen so I can watch. Would eat there again if in the area, but would not drive across town again for Jenni Pho.
2	My wife saw a huge billboard for Jenni Pho.  She looked it up on google and we were off on our next lunch-scapade.  Funny thing, she chose the WRONG Jenni Pho.  There are two:  one at Rainbow and a new one at Spring Mountain.  Since we were at the Wynn, it would have been convenient to just swing by the new location; instead, we hiked out to Rainbow.  And, what a hike it is.Jenni Pho is located in a compact complex.  Parking is atrocious! And, people in Vegas fail to drive within the rules.  One way means one way and not two way.  Once you see the lot, you will understand.Restaurant is not that bad.  It is a bit tight walking in and there is very little room.  It seemed like they try to squeeze as many tables together as they can.  Also, to save on electricity, they left the front door open.  So, people sitting next to the front door had to suffer a noticeable cold breeze.  Note:  Since this is during the winter months, this is not good. My wife and I both tried the Pho Dac Biet.  We have tasted better.  It lacked a lot of flavor.  It was kinda water down.  However, I think it was a new brew and it actually needed to "sit" (like 24 hours) for awhile before being served.  Also, the water was not hot or warm.  I think the noodles were cold and they put the brew on top.  The noodles cooled down the water and it made the meal less appealing.  Service was decent here.  Unlike many Viet establishments, service was very attentive and they were very nice.  Overall, I thought the service was good, price was "higher" compared to other vietnamese restaurant (not too much, but enough to notice), and food was below average on this occasion.We still plan to give this another try.  Next time, we probably try the Spring Mountain location.Cheers,
4	I just got the pho ga for take out and it was awesome! I loved the soup! The waitstaff was super nice too, I was offered hot tea or water while I waited by 3 different people. I haven't tried anything else yet, but just based on the soup I will be back for seconds.
5	Love JenniPHO!  Everytime I visit Vegas, I have to get my fill!!!  My favorite is her Bun Bo Hue and eggrolls.  The eggrolls are crunchy and delicious everytime.
5	This is my current favorite pho place in vegas you can tell they boil the broth was cooked a decent amount of time because you can taste the beef in the broth...the atmosphere is very chic and modern and boost the pho eating experience...sometimes its just plain nice to eat pho in a place that put some effort into their decor and i don't feel like i'm eating pho in the ghetto.  Thai tea and thai coffee there are excellent not too sweet just right.
2	It's nice that they're in my neighborhood, but their pho is just so blah. I need flavor with my soup and noodles damn it. The rice they use is like bird seed too - I couldn't eat finish my meal.
2	I was really excited when my favorite Vietnamese restaurant closed in my area and this one opened up, but was very disappointed after trying it a couple of times.  I'm not sure what the difference is in their preparation, but it just didn't seem as fresh as some other places I've been.  And I thought the staff was unfriendly.  Disappionted to say the least.  I love Vietnamese food, but not here.  Cute place, but there are better options out there.  :(
3	Jenni Pho used to be my go-to neighborhood pho restaurant. But the last trip there was quite disastrous. It seems like they completely changed all of the front of house staff with brand new inexperienced people. Not only were they completely oblivious, I had to ask and wait unnecessarily amounts of times for basic things like ice water and utensils.  I really hope they get their act together soon, or this once popular local pho restaurant will be empty! 3 stars for being a (once) long time favorite.
2	My first visit to jenny pho, I had pho Dac biet and salt n pepper shrimp, it was actually not bad at all, both dishes tasted great, but the service was horrible. The server never came back to my table until 30 mins later, by than I was sweating my ass off from eating jalapeno and hot sauce with my pho haha. Couldn't even get there attention to fill up my water. I knew they were busy but come on! Takes only a second to refill the glass of water and check up on your customers.    The only reason why I gave jenni pho another chance was because it was so close to the house and the food was pretty good. So I went back a weeklater to order my salt n pepper around dinner time but the waiter ask me to order somthing else cause the chef was not there, are you kidding me? 4 guys in the kitchen making pho but you can't make salt n pepper shrimp? Haha they recommended me pho again so I was like NO THANKS YOU. Not going back again even if GROUPON have special hahahh.
1	Called to ask if they delivered. Was in the middle of conversation and was hung up on, twice. When I called back they basically told me off. Don't waste your time.
5	I love this place. The food is good,  the server is hot (his name is Jerrick, he has a great smile :-)) and over all atmosphere is awsome. I would come back here again and again.... Especially for the cute server ;-).
4	nice service and price is not too bad! :)
5	Jenni pho has to be my favorite pho restaurant. pho always comes out piping hot. the broth is so tasty. egg rolls are yummy and we always get it to start off. i also love the grilled porkchop dish! service is awesome and quick. if you wanna eat pho and get in and out, this is the best place to go.
5	This place had some of the tastiest vietnamese food in Vegas. The place is modernly decorated, you can even see the kitchen through the see-through glass. Anyhow, the thing that I like most about this place is their service. All the waiters are so nice, helpful, and polite. There was not once where I've received bad service. As for the menu, they have a large smoothie menu, the avocado smoothie is delicious. I normally order "bun bo hue", vermicelli noodles in spicy broth, with pork blood and soft pork meat or "bun cha gio" or vermicelli noodles with veggies and egg rolls and fish sauce.
4	I've been here several times. Never disappointed. It's a small place but the food is excellent! It's tasty and most of it is pretty healthy as well (if you can stay away from the fried stuff). I really like their hot noodle soups during winter time, perfect for colder weather. Service is good. Just one thing to note is that this is a CASH ONLY place.
2	I had Jenni's Special Pho and spring roll. spring roll was just ok but pho wasn't that good. because soup was a little plain and not salty enough. their service wasn't good because there is only one waiter serving like 6 tables so I had to wait the check for a long time. eventually nobody helped me to pay my bill so I had to go front and pay bill there. also they don't take credit card so I had to go ATM machine and withdraw cash with fee.
1	The only time I will give a place a 1 star is if I never want to go back. Jenni Pho is such a place. I tried it because it was closer to home and didn't want to drive to Chinatown. I ordered pho with chicken. The broth wasn't bad but I ended up just eating the noodles and some broth. The chicken was just plain nasty. It seemed like it was just the left over crap from the chicken. The pieces were really grisly and tough. Did not enjoy it at all. Oh and they don't take credit cards. WTF? What business doesn't take credit cards?? They have an ATM in the restaurant. I ended up paying the fee from the ATM and got charged another fee from my bank. Yeah. Not going back. Ever.
1	Was really disappointed that my weekly visit to Jenni Pho has come to an end after arriving and finding out it had been closed by the health department. I now will go to Sammy pho after discovering it! Kinda happy Jenni Pho is closed now:)
5	this place here is awesome!, too bad it's so far from my house, there's nothing like this on the northwest part of town. the pho is great and they're not stingy on their portions what so ever. a meal for two usually under 15 bucks!the staff is always friendly and place is very clean
4	The pho is better than Pho Kim Long and the service is more welcoming. I've been here on numerous occasions during my last few trips to Vegas and haven't had a bad meal, yet. I usually get the veggie and tofu pho which is pretty flavorful. Another winner is the egg roll bun. They seriously give you like 3-4 egg rolls in that one bowl! Portions are huge here, so you only need to order one item. I don't think we've ever ordered appetizers and I frequent this place with guy friends. The Jenni Pho is supposed to be tasty as well, altho that is just what my friends have said. Overall, a decent place if you've got a hankering for Vietnamese food. They also serve boba drinks. Cash only.
4	This place has the best service of any pho restaurant me and my wife have been to.  The pho is not the best but better than most of the pho in Las Vegas. Would definitely come back again in the future for sure.
3	I feeling some broken rice on my day off and decided too mix it up rather then go too my GO spot. Epic mistake on my part. I just should have stuck with the Pho action. I ordered the grilled pork chop and shrimp also comes with egg custard (name not sure) of sorts. First impression was WOW talk about lot of rice too everything else on the plate. Trust me huge fan of rice grew up on it. If I wanted all rice would have asked for side of rice. The pork chop was good. It was moist, nice grill marks, and nice flavor. The shrimp was solid too. The egg custard was ok nothing special. Here my problem is felt like with all that rice, not enough meat (the pork chop is thin cut and shrimp not u10), and the disproportion not working for me. My favorite spot for broken rice Pho Bosa they give you ample rice too but  everything else you get more of the good stuff!The prices are very reasonable at Jenni Pho. Most dishes notice was under ten dollars. They have two for one special on there boba drinks. If one that need pic rather then description Jenni Pho has pictures of all the items on the menu. If short on cash have ATM right next too the front door.I had mango ice tea with boba. Honestly  think that was the one thing that stood out for me more then the food. It was refreshing drink. No caffeine, really no sugar, and add the boba. Awesome. Still need too try the Pho but if looking for good broken rice dish no one can beat Pho Bosa in my opinion. I love Pho will be back too give that go.
3	The food and service are okay. Nothing bad or too special.
5	I came with my family to this restaurant and I enjoyed this place. Just remember, cash only, so come prepared. My friend told me about the broths mad how it tastes better than most other places. That right there got me because I do enjoy drinking soup broths! So I got the flank and steak pho while my brother got the honey chick, my brother got the charbroiled pork, and my dad got the Jenni pho, which has all the meats that you can add. We also got the fresh spring rolls as our appetizers, just to see how they are. When our spring rolls came, they were pretty standard like you would get at any other Vietnamese place. The sauce was a little bit different than most  other places though. The sauce had a peanut taste to it, but also this Chinese pasty/bread aftertaste to it, which I particularly liked. It might be weird that I like that pastry aftertaste, or even that I could even tell that it was there. That could just be me being weird, but the sauce was good!When our food came, the first thing I wanted to do was to try their broth, and it was different than most places too, and in a good way! Their noodles and meats are pretty standard. Their prices were fairly standard as well for the amount of food that came, and it was a pretty decently sized bowl; I was satisfied. My mom's chicken was pretty good. It was juicy and tender the whole way around. My brother's pork was pretty tasty as well. Overall, the food was really good. I enjoyed it a lot, maybe a little more than Pho So 1 or Pho Kim Long I would say. That's really subjective, but there was nothing about Jenni Pho I didn't like. The service was even good! Our server Justin was really helpful and checked up on us regularly. If you're in the area, give this place a shot!
1	I believe they are under new management and IT SUCKS! I always went to this location ever since they opened and I always order a kids meal because the portion is just enough for me and now they are telling me because I am not a child I cant get the kids meal! They took forever to take our order and while we were waiting someone was smart enough to walk out on them because they are slow! They don't know how to entertain there customers! They dont come around saying we'll be right there! They all hang around inside the kitchen! When he came to take our order they didnt ask us what we wanted to drink and the manager or supervisor who was taking our order didnt even know what was on their menu! THE MANAGEMENT SUCKS DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY GOING HERE!!!
4	Not bad pho. A little slow out of the kitchen and they kinda skimped on the basil but were more than happy to bring more. At 2pm on a Thursday only 3 tables were open. We liked the build your own pho. Very fresh. We'll be back for more.  As for other reviews about the staff, the crew today was very polite and extremely attentive. As soon as they realized I drink a LOT of water they were there before I emptied my glass.
1	When I dined in here I didn't have a bad experience so I thought I would try getting take out from this location and I was extremely disappointed. I ordered bun bo hue and egg rolls. A pretty simple order that I've gotten from other Vietnamese restaurants before. It took them over 30 mins to get my order together and the excuse I got was... "It takes a while to heat up the bun bo hue". Its soup.. It doesn't take that long to heat up soup. It took so long that two people who came in after I did and ordered take out got their food before I did. Needless to say I will not be returning to this restaurant anytime soon.
2	Okay so I was put off on coming here because I hadn't heard the best reviews. I finally gave in and came to try it out. It was actually quite good! The pho broth was super hearty and rich and delicious. That was the FIRST time I came here a few weeks ago. We came back yesterday and based on yesterdays experience I don't think I want to come back here. The pho broth was NOT rich, hearty OR super delicious. I don't know what happened! I also need to remember that the Spring Rolls here are NOT the business. Too much lettuce and not enough noodles! The Egg Rolls WERE good though, but the Shrimp Rolls were NOT. Next time Imma go back to my regular spot, Pho Annie!
4	This was my first Pho experience. One of my friends and her husband insisted on taking me to their favorite spot to get Pho! Since I've never tried and always wanted to I was in!First off bring cash they do not expect plastic! They do have an atm machine in the restaurant, but who knows the fees that it might hold!!!! Jenni Pho is a small cafe. The service was excellent and the Pho was so yummy. Even better then I expected it to be. I ordered an appetizer of their Shrimp Rolls which were perfectly cooked. The crispy wonton wrapper was fried just right. It didn't fall all over you on the first bite! For my entree, I ordered the Seafood Pho. It had tons of fish, calamari, and shrimp and the broth was very tasty. I loved all the bean sprouts and other things you get to mix into it.My friend and her husband ordered two appetizers. She got the egg rolls and he got the spring rolls. They let me try the egg roll and OMG I would go back just for that egg roll. The chicken in it was packed in perfectly, not dry, and again did not fall apart on the first bite. For their Pho, she got the Steak and Flank and he got the Seafood Pho like me.For my first experience with Pho I really enjoyed it. Jenni Pho makes some tasty broth and I loved the amount of seafood they give you as well. I can't wait to take my husband in for the Pho and the egg rolls! Mmmm I wish I could go back right now! lol
5	This is definitely the place I go to for my pho craving every time I'm in Vegas! It's the whole package.  It's clean, open kitchen concept so you don't wonder, no fingers in your soup when they deliver your bowl and simply tasty!  I always order too much because I can never just stick to one thing.  I want to eat everything on their menu. However, my favorite is the Bun Rieu and Bun Bo Hue.  I also love the service there too!  They are all so friendly and I appreciate that since most Pho places have bad service and that takes away from the whole experience.
2	Food was decent, I've had better. This location is receiving just 2 stars because it's CASH ONLY. They have a small sign by the entrance where it's not a eye level to realize that they do not accept credit card! They should have a bigger sign and as a customer service, BEFORE we ordered, possibly let us know it's CASH ONLY instead after I ate and ready to pay with credit card!!!!!!!!!!! But I gave them a second star just because they let us leave with just a copy of our dr lic and to have us pay the next day.
3	I wasn't feeling pho so I went with the honey chicken vermicelli (didn't seem to have regular chicken on the menu). However, I did try the pho a few years ago, and I don't recall having any problems with it and friend who ordered it seemed to be satisfied.Surroundings - nearby many other restaurant options offering a good variety of different cuisines to choose from, no issue with parkingAtmosphere - casual, normal pho restaurant, "open" kitchen where there's glass around so you can see them cook your foodMenu - offers the normal appetizers including egg rolls and spring rolls, regular pho options (I believe you can choose up to 5 items to put in your pho and customize as well), vermicelli, a few specialty dishes, boba, and dessert. I took a glance at the dessert menu and I believe it had mini cheesecakes and truffles which was interesting. My order, the chicken vermicelli, tasted great, decent portion size, and came in a pretty bowl. However, despite the time it took to get my food, my chicken came out a little undercooked. Other than that, no complaints. It satisfied my taste buds and grumbling tummy :)Service - slow, but kind. There was only one other table besides ours and there seemed to be ample employees (serving and cooking); however, our food took longer than it should have. It's probably the longest I've ever had to wait for food at a vietnamese restaurant. Perhaps it was because we came near closing... not sure exactly what the issue was there.If I have a random pho craving, I'd probably go back due to it's proximity.
2	Definitely had better Pho. It was ok, not impressed with the quality of the meats in the Pho and rice dishes. I will not be coming back.
3	Nice place just remember to bring cash. They don't take debit or credit cards...they just don't.  I enjoyed there apple tea boba.  Also for dine in only order potstickers get a second order of potstickers for free.
3	I usually only crave pho when I'm sick, so I've had this place bookmarked for a while. Most of the good reviews are pretty old from 2010/2011, so I didnt walk in expecting too much. Got my to go order within 5min, and they seem to have good service - 2 passing servers offered me water while I waited. Unfortunately the pho was pretty average w really bland broth and their flank steak was about 90% fat and gristle. I only tried Jenni pho because its in my hood and I felt like sh*t, but I probably should've taken the trip to Chinatown for something decent. I may try their broken rice dishes sometime, but I definitely wont be returning for the pho.
3	Jenni Pho is super convenient for me. It's right down the street. There are better Pho spots in town, but this one gets the job done.I always get the spring rolls with he peanut sauce. For a meal the rare steak pho is my favorite. If your in the neighborhood and you're looking for a quick pho fix, well than Jenni Pho will get the job done!!
1	So.. My cousins and I went here because we were craving pho and spring rolls, ordered those two. Waited patiently for our food. I noticed that the table next to us got their food a lot faster than us. After getting their attention 10 minutes later, we let Travis our waiter know that we ordered spring rolls and pot stickers. Still waited patiently... Got the pot stickers half way through our meal and asked for a box because we were already full. Not to mention that I still never got my spring rolls. After the meal we let Travis know again that we would like a box for the pot stickers and that we still NEVER got our spring rolls. He immediately said he would cancel our order (that's cool, not like I wanted them or anything. *sarcasm intended) an apology was never said, but he did throw in a $2.00 discount on our entire check. THANKS BUDDY. Worst customer service I've had.
1	The absolute most terrible restaurant I've ever dined at.Walked in, most tables were occupied, sat down, waited for about 15 minutes until someone asked what I wanted to drink, waited another 15 mins for someone to come back with my drinks (water) & to take my order.We ordered pot stickers, spring rolls, pho & a vermicelli dish. One taro slush & one avocado slush.30 mins went by.. No food.I don't know how I sat there for 30 mins without even saying a word. My boyfriend hates it when I complain about bad customer service at a restaurant because he thinks they'll really spit in our food.45 mins came around & the pot stickers, spring rolls & vermicelli dish came out at the same time.Boyfriends #1 pet peeve is when the appetizers & main entrees come out at the same time.But anyway, we ate.  15 mins go by.. Still no pho for me.At this point, I notice all the tables around us that came after us were pretty much almost done with their food.I got up & walked over to the kitchen.Long story short, I left unhappy & they seemed to not care at all. The food was horrible. The slushy drinks tasted like mold.. The Avocado one to be exact.I once was eating at a Hawaiian BBQ by my house & overheard someone at the table next to me say that he worked at Jenni Pho. Which is how I heard of the place. I also overheard him saying that sometimes he has to call the owner & remind her to pay him his paycheck. I should've taken that as a RED FLAG.NEVER GO THERE
1	We went there for lunch on a weekday.  Worst customer service. One of our waiters was extremely grumpy and got upset when we werent ready to order. I got the grilled chicken and it was RAW. and cash only. Awful experience and mediocre food. Never going back again.
4	Cash only??  Really??  The food was excellent though and the decor is upscale which would earn 5 stars except for not taking plastic. The glass that shows the kitchen area is nice, too. I would certainly recommend this restaurant, just be sure to bring cash. I never carry any so I'm glad my friend had some.
3	Tough to review as I really should only compare this place to other local Pho restaurants.  I go between Jenni, Bamboo Bistro and Pho Annie.  All closely located in the southwest part of town.  Jenni is chinese and is fun hearing them transition between chinese and vietnamese.  That being said, typical asian restaurants have poor service.  It's been hit and miss each time I've been - to the extreme where I've had to ask for water 6 times!  Other times they didn't miss a beat.I'm not the best to judge for pho.  We like what we like.  Especially when we start adding in other crap like hoisin, siracha and mint leaves.  Their base is good.  Can't compare to Saigon 8 or Pho So 1 but we like what we like.I do feel bad for their staff as they don't accept credit cards.  They "conveniently" have an ATM next to the register.  I can't imagine there's not one day - actually one hour - where someone doesn't complain that they don't accept credit cards and the ATM charges a fee.
1	They are not a good establishment when it comes to service, they forgot to get us tea and napkins after reminding them about 3 times. Also they charge you for regular tea now. They're meat is tough and the way they treat customers isn't that great, I had to shout "yo, can you bring us some napkins?" He walked away and just gave me a dirty look. What has this place become?
5	The service was awesome! We had issues with our party arriving but they were just so patient and chill about it all. We also received our food within less than 15 minutes. The food was also very delicious! Huge portions and affordable prices. A lot better than getting something thats less filling and expensive on the strip. And of course best cure for a crazy night.
1	I ate here about two weeks ago at the last minute. I ordered the pho with vegetables and tofu only. It came out marginally hot. It looked sketchy and I was surprised I didn't get sick.  What turns me off about this place is that it's cash only. It reminded me of another pho place I went to that had no sign that there was a debit card minimum. Since I had no cash, they pointed me to an ATM onsite that charged a fee and was owned by the restaurant. How convenient. Do all Pho places run like this?
2	Overall food was ok, service was terrible, and bathroom had baby cockroaches.. So I was terrified.. I didn't go in there till I was done dinner..
5	This place is great!If you are in the Las Vegas/Rainbow Area, you need to give this place a try.  I recommend their #1 named after the restaurant.  Excellent food, tons of parking and great service make this place the spot to go to when in town.
3	I came to this place about 3 times and after the last time, it just dropped a star for me. Here's why in a nutshell:Food: Generally if your at a pho restaurant, people tend to order pho, duh. So of course my husband and I ordered pho. Compared to Kim Long where everyone seems to go after a crazy night of clubbing on the strip etc. (must be a reason why). This place lack a bit in its flavor. They lack the genuine beef bones stock flavor in the soup and add too much clove that over powered the soup. This is not the garlic clove I'm talking about but a flower bud herb that is in many Asian cooking. (minus 1-star)Service:I wasn't too hungry yet and decided to order the kids size which they were nice enough to let me order. The kids pho came with a soda and when I asked for it when my food came, then he tells me "oh its for kids only". In my opinion, I am paying for it so why does it matter? Why didn't he tell me before I ordered? If that's they case, I may have just ordered the regular size which the price wasn't much of a difference now that I didn't get my soda. How much would the soda be for them to serve it anyway. I do have to admit, their service is great. But that whole soda situation was unnecessary to upset your customer and risk losing them. I just didn't like the fact there was no communication that if I ordered it, that I would not get my soda because I wasn't a kid?? If you allowed a customer to order it, then honor it. (Minus 1-star)Parking: PlentyCleanliness: Very clean and you can see the whole kitchen which is quite clean too, I'll give them that.
3	We always drive across town to Pho kim long for our pho cravings. But Jenni Pho, being so conveniently located near home -- we had to try it. We ordered our usual order so that we could compare the two places. Springs rolls, charbroiled pork chops, and a beef ball and brisket combo pho.  Each of jenni pho's dishes fell short in taste in comparison to kim long's. Having tasted kim long's food the dishes at jenni's were a little bland. Peanut sauce was runny, spring rolls weren't fresh, vermicelli overcooked. I do give them points for great customer service. They lose points in being a "cash only" establishment.
2	Not bad. Not great pho in the 215 and rainbow area.  If we don't feel like driving to Chinatown for pho, we come here. I always get the pho rare steak and flank. They only have one size bowl. I believe mine was 7.99. Broth is tasty. Not too salty which I like.My boyfriend got a rice dish. Steak with shrimp, egg, and eggroll. Def not with the $9.00ish price tag. Steak was so thin and flat.Service is decent and restaurant is clean.I have made repeat visits only because of the distance from my house. And can only recommend this place if you are in the area.Btw- it's cash only in this place!
5	I used to come here all the time but at some point their customer service was out of wack and took forever for food to come out and made me walk out on them plus they weren't even busy. On top of that they brought appetizer and the main course at the same time couple of times so I stopped coming here for awhile. But hate to admit that JenniPho is my absolute FAVORITE!!! I just had Veggie & Tofu Pho and it was amazing as always. Their service got a lot better and food came out quickly. I am happy :D
1	Greedy. They skimp out on you and give you barely any meat with the pho. CASH ONLY, also.
5	Very clean, friendly staff, great service and the food is better than most places I've been to. Definitely will come back and recommend to fit ends and family.
5	I am so glad to be back at Jenni Pho after knowing Sammy Pho has changed owners.My father and I always come here and eat pho once a week because we love eating pho!! I really appreciate the workers because they treat us like we are some kind of VIP. We would always crack jokes and have conversations. The workers checks up on out orders asking for concerns or if there is anything else they can get for us.I always get brisket pho with my dad and we love the broth and the fresh vegetables!! All that matters to me is to eat at a clean restaurant with good fresh food.I'd you have not yet been to this place, I really recommend this place to you
3	Quick to-go service. I ordered a vermicelli with beef and eggrolls. If I'm craving Vietnamese, I'll come here. But it's nothing compared to good Vietnamese food in southern California.
4	I love the soup! This is medicine after a bad crackout or a hangover. I really like how the soup stays hot and flavorful. The waiters are really nice and friendly and pay very much close attention to their customers. I do recommend coming here because you can build your own pho combination and it is really great because not other pho restaurants have that.
3	Food yeah okay I guess. The service at when we are there really sucked. Didn't bring the food out on time. They didn't bring the food out for our group all at the same time. Some people were done eating what other people are waiting for their food. They didn't bring out the silverware or chopsticks and people were trying to find anything I can to eat with. They showed a little bit and attitude and didn't
4	The pho broth is the best among the 5 pho places in this area! So flavorful! The servers are usually super nice. According to my receipt I had Kevin today he was really nice. Unfortunately the service is inconsistent. Some days fast some slow some friendly sometimes they barely acknowledge you. But the delicious pho keeps me coming back. Two for one pot stickers also! Last "con"they only take cash :(
5	My boyfriend and I come here all the time for the seafood pho and coconut water! The soup is so delicious and the location is conveniently down the street!we always come in late or close to closing, but they're still happy to serve us. There is an amazing young waiter here too, forgot his name (sorry)...but he always takes care of us and is really cordial. Yesterday instead if coconut water we got the green apple iced tea and Papaya milk tea! Both were so good! Must try if you're into those kinds of drinks :)  only sad thing is they only accept cash! Get a square reader or something for visa Amex MasterCard :)!
3	This is my go to pho spot for when I'm too lazy to drive to chinatown. It is literally within minutes from my house. I stopped going here for at least a couple years because their pho was oily and had too much ginger or SOMETHING lolI came in the other week around 3pm and there was only one other customer there. I surprisingly had a good experience! The server came by a few times to check on me and even gave me extra napkins right before I was going to ask for more. The pho broth was very flavorful! I usually get pho tai but sometimes, I'll get a little crazy and get the combination. They give you a good amount of meat too but I didn't like how my rare steak was ALREADY overcooked by the time it even reached the table.CASH ONLY
2	The food was ok.. Serving size was good but the service was horrible. Maybe it was because I was with a big group but everyone had to switch plates. I was happy to see there was an alternate option for kids. I'll stick to my other spot in china town..
2	Ordered soup and shrimp spring rolls. Told them two separate times no pig blood in my soup. I get home to find it's full of pork blood. I ended up throwing the soup out because they were closed by the time I got to the soup, waste of money. If you look at the shrimp in the spring rolls it looks impressive but when you take a bite you discover the shrimp is sliced so thin that you can barely taste it. You pay almost $6 for two rolled up lettuce and noodle rolls.
3	Whoops just discovered Pho Annie. Probably never coming back here. Sorry Jenni Pho. Nothing really major against Jenni Pho. In fact from my experience Jenni Pho has better service. But I'd currently still choose Pho Annie instead.
3	Not bad for a pho place, speaking that it's so close to, definitely my to go spot if i don't feel like going to China town.
5	Very Clean , you can see the kitchen from the dining area and they keep it spotless. The food is great and it is a good value. Cash only. Enjoy!
5	Had the P1 Jenni Pho. Meat is very good. At other pho places the meat can taste kind of rancid but not here. Very clean establishment. The workers are very polite and sweet. Great place to go if you're too far from chinatown.
3	A quick lunch, pay in cash only. There is only one way to say this: every time I've been in Jenni Pho I've had to swat away flies from my table and food. I guess it wouldn't bother most people but it bothers me. Pho broth is strongly salty to me. I'm sure people who know more about Vietnamese cuisine than I do would be able to praise Jenni Pho better. That's about all I can say. Good parking.
4	New to town and have been trying a ton of different spots for Pho. This place has good broth and tendons. Customer service wasn't too shabby either. Definitely will be going back.
4	Hm. I actually did have a very interesting experience...In the end it's still like any other pho restaurant.The difference is that Jenni Pho actually doesn't give cilantro in their pho unless you ask for it. It's actually good that they don't considering the amount of people who don't like cilantro. I had to ask for some on the side. You know that saying that the dirtiest pho tastes the best? When you know their thumb has been dipped in the soup it gives it it's full flavor? Well of course it's just a joke, but point being, Jenni Pho's pho actually tastes really clean compared to Pho Kim Long and Pho So 1. So, I guess the dirtiest pho isn't the best, but in the end it's up to you to decide. If you do want cleaner tasting pho, or fresher tasting, definitely try this place out. Other than that, it's a pretty standard Vietnamese pho restaurant. My #justeatit rating: whenI'monacleanseoradetox#justeatitgirl
4	Not the best sevice i've been offered. But I like this place's pho the best.I like that it has less smell of whatever it is in the usual pho. Clean taste of soup, lots of meats, and noodles. Noodle is usually overcooked but it is better than being undercooked. I love their egg rolls too.Great place to try pho if it's your first one.
4	One of my favorite pho places. They have really great food for a really good price. I love their pot stickers. And the pho tastes great. It's really clean and the staff is nice.
1	$6 for boba drink.. I ordered buy 2 g1 and they poured full ice in cup .. The dessert drink  we got not even look like in pictures.  My son finished drink in 2-3 zip. Will not go back again. Also Last time we went found a hair in soup. We done with this place.
5	Tonight I had the opportunity of meeting the owner Jenni of Jenni Pho. We are fairly new to Blue Diamond, Las Vegas and I have been wanting some authentic soup. This location is conviently located less than 2mi from my house and shopping malls. The ambience of this restaurant is spectacular. It's upkeep and cleanliness is superb. Parking availability around the restaurant makes it seamlessly easy to arrive. This location is a Cash only restaurant. They do have an ATM inside, however, today the ATM was out of service. Easy fix- Walgreens! It would be nice to have an electronic payment option or even invest into a apple/droid Swipe adapter for card payments. Today I ordered the B9- Cold Honey grilled  chicken Vermicelli Noodle dinner. I personally wanted it hot but it comes cold (heated). As I wS waiting for my to go dinner, Jenni (owner) walks in and greets us. She asked what I was having. I mentioned to her I was going to take it home and add hot water. She advised me that adding hot water would take away the authentic Pho Flavors of the meal. So she insisted I take home some hot chicken broth w/green onions and try eating it separately. So I did! It was delicious. She's definitely a owner for a reason and knows how to appeal to her clients/customers. I am very pleased with her customer service and the quality of her food. Selections are made easy here, nothing complicating. Thanks Jenni for the amazing service, you definitely have my loyalty.
5	My family and I have been coming to Jenni Pho since they opened and had always left full and satisfied. Jenni Pho is the BEST Vietnamese restaurant in the SW(because of the quality of the food and the customer service). I love that their dishes always come out hot, fresh, delicious, authentic, and plentiful(the soups come out piping hot :). Everything we've tried is yummy, but their pho, bun rieu(tomato egg soup), and thit nuong (charbroiled/grilled pork) are my family's faves. Service has always been friendly/great. Even when they get really busy, they don't lack service nor give you attitude if you need something. Jenni is very sweet and friendly herself; and you can tell she takes pride in her business (because she's there a lot). No restaurant runs perfectly; but if there's ever any issues, inform them(Jenni)(otherwise they don't know)and they will make it right! The restaurant is very clean, esp the restrooms. I like that they have an open kitchen(that's when you know they have nothing to hide :) ).
3	Nothing special about this place. Food was ok, the menu was pretty pricey. I probably won't return. Sorry!
5	I love this place. Staff is always nice and welcoming. Pho broth is delicious. They give you enough of everything. Always fill up your water.
1	Horrible service by the owner, it was like we were putting him out. Then the shift change happened and we were a little frightened but then dazzled by a very young Spanish waiter who apparently wanted to be an actor. At least he tried to be very friendly almost a little too but I guess we can never not want too much friendliness in a genuine way. The other young man who corrected our spoiled smoothie with tactful and extremely concerned with its poor quality.  I was just thankful the owner was out of the picture but I could see him in the kitchen yelling at everyone, not cool. The pho was ok..I have had better. The pot stickers were good and I don't like them usually,  salad rolls respectful and the dipping sauce surprisingly generous in proportion *the pb sauce you get.At the end of the meal,  I gave my debit card and I was told they didn't take debit but to use their atm  machine...and of course there is a charge and the owner makes more money off of an unaware customers,   not cool number 2. I still tipped generously since the young wait staff have to work with that poor excuse of an owner. As we were leaving, I think his wife said, 'see you soon' My reply, 'not that soon'. Too many places here in Vegas to eat pho, just drive up Spring Mt. Rd. Pho 87 is very tasty.
3	Food was alright. Service hit or miss. One guy was excellent, the other was sub par. He brought us the check before we even got the food?? What the heck? When he realized we didn't even get our food yet, he took the bill back. Anyways, I got the tomato soup with escargot (bun rieu oc). Took forever to come out and when it did, there was no escargot in it! I asked them about it and they told me they would bring some out. A few minutes later, I got a little bowl of escargot, put it in my soup... Only to find out it was still cold! I bit into the center and all I tasted was cold chewy nastiness :( I kept it in my soup but at this time, the broth was no longer hot enough to warm up the little snails. The broth was also not that great. The top layer was extremely oily and hard to avoid with each bite.
4	Jennie Pho is my go to pho place when I visit Vegas. Good food, quick friendly service. Good selection on menu. I usually get the P1 Jennie Pho and some egg rolls. Love it all the time and so affordable.
5	Love this place.  The steak and flank with an over easy egg is the bomb!!  Plus they make great pot stickers!!
5	Love the food!!! Great service. Jenni will come up and greet you if she is there. Seems like a lot of the locals enjoy seeing her when walking in. Food was fresh every time.
4	I like the rice dishes here.  Pho is good too but I've had more flavorful broth in other places.  Portion sizes are small in my opinion but I'm a big eater.   Wish they didn't only accept cash which makes it inconvenient for many of us.
