5	Had dinner tonight at Eddie Matney's new restaurant, Eddie's House with some friends.  Eddie's opened yesterday In Scottsdale at Marshall Way and Indian School. What a great experience.The restaurant is very comfortable, the art work and decor are fun, the service was superb, the food is outstanding and it is priced reasonably. Meets all my criteria for a good restaurant. You never would have known that this was only their second day in business.We had fish, meatloaf and barbecue chicken (a little spicy). The portions were generous and everyone enjoyed their meals.There is a reason that Eddie calls this Eddie's House. You feel like you are sitting in his dining room. Eddie came around a few times to check in on us to see how everything was. As we were finishing up, he pulled up a chair and talked with us for a while. Great customer service. We will definitely go back.
4	If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't. And contrary-wise; what it is it wouldn't be, and what it wouldn't be, it would. You see? Everything here seems what it would be but isn't.. its very unexpected and surprising though not great but very good. The service is super though.. very helpful, sharp and smart.Looking forward to going back to Eddie's where you feel like the Cheshire Cat will come out at any second.
3	It's 10:30am on Friday and I called to make reservations for that night and Eddie answers the phone and takes my reservation. Should I say much more than that? I mean, what restaurant owner/renowned Chef actually does that? I've been a fan of all of Eddie's restaurants, but this one has a different vibe. Not stuffy, very  comfortable and good home cooking with a culinary twist.We started with the Mo' rock shrimp appetizer which was amazing, arguable one of the best I've ever had! Huge prawns in a citrus herb sauce and it comes with "dough balls" to soak of the sauce... someone was obviously thinking! I had the Tenderloin encased on Parmesan crusted mashed potatoes, it was a lot of potatoes and little bit of meat, but the Julian vegetables surrounding the mound-o-potatoes were amazing! My boyfriend had the Chilean Seabass with lemon candied broccolini, it was light,  the plate was a bit "empty' but over taste was great! We shared the Mac and Cheese with toasted prosciutto and I'm sure this was the best part of the meal! Overall, I love the atmosphere, and I felt that the food was well priced! Try and sit near the back of the house, you get to watch all of the actions in the Top Chef meets Hell's Kitchen! Negative: our reservation was for 7:30 and we got sat at 8:10- they didn't buy our drinks at the bar while we waiting but were apologetic. If you're a fanatic about being on time, I don't think this is the place for you; I would say this is the only reason why I  gave it 3 versus stars!
2	We were big fans of Eddie's when he had his restaurant on 24th and Camelback. We could NEVER get enough of his Mo' Rockin' Edamame, so when we went to dinner there last week, we were SO excited to see the Edamame on the menu!However, Eddie has changed the spices and what used to be such a subtle use of spices has turned into something that hits you over the head and leaves a taste in your mouth of just a heavy handed use of spices.Another one of our favorites are the mint pesto lambchops on the appetizer menu. Again, we were disappointed in this dish as the chops were fatty and not of the same quality as the 'old' Eddie. The chops come with an advertised cumin hummus which we could not taste even a hint of cumin, but a great deal of mint! I'm okay with mint hummus, if it's advertised as mint hummus, not cumin hummus.I had the grilled steak salad and felt the presentation was appropriate and the portion large, The salad dressing was great, however, the grilled steak was quite fatty and not what I would expect at the 'old' Eddie's. Eddie's wine list needs work. For true wine lovers, there was a wide selection of Old and New World wines, however, not the most appropriate choices to match the dinner selections.Overall, I miss the 'old' Eddies. I thought the food was much better and had much more the feeling of being home cooked by this great chef. We will think long and hard before giving this place a try anytime soon.
5	I really really enjoyed Eddie's House.  It was cool, relaxed and high end all at the same time.  We were late for our reservation and it wasn't a problem (thank goodness).  The staff is spot on and friendly.  The chairs-- oh the chairs are so comfortable and you start off with fresh bread and butter with a pesto dipping sauce.  mmmmmmmm.The entrees were delicious as well.  I had the steak salad and it was divine.  Other diners in our party had, the Cobb Salad, the lettuce wedge with bacon and dressing and the burger with waffle fries.  Eddie himself came out to help my friend cut her burger.  He cut it in fours for her and he said that's how he cuts it for his kids.  It was cute.We didn't have dessert but we drank so to me, that is dessert and appetizer and main course sometimes. Our server was really friendly and happy to answer any of our questions.  I am looking forward to our next night out at Eddie's House!
5	Amazing dinner at an amazing price!Eddie was there, along with at least a dozen servers.The food is just incredible - really it is - Eddie breaks a lot of culinary rules to our benefit! The service was impeccable, pricing very fair, and the food delicious. Glad to see Cook and Jacks went to a good cause.Go Eddie!
2	I thought Eddie's House was just ok in all facets.  Our server was really nice, but she forgot about all of our sides.  We were all mostly finished with our meals before they came out.  My meal was just plain weird.  I appreciate the chef's creativity, but what I ordered simply didn't work.  It was the ginger/sesame ahi tuni with artichokes, feta (basically all mediterrean flavors) over thin spagetti.  I love all of these ingredients - and even love them together, but the big hunk of ahi should've been sliced (it was hard to carve through) and the pasta was overcooked, which I think is a rookie mistake.  It all kind mushed together into a pretty unpleasant plate.  My colleague ordered one of Eddie's signature dishes, the "what's in the steak" steak.  Since this client was a new friend, I didn't ask to try his food, but he said that he enjoyed it.  Basically, its a filet mignon encased in a big ball of mashed potatoes and then deep fried.  OMG.  When it came out it was about as big as my head.   Other's had assorted fish dishes and the lamb, which they seemed to like.  The sides were grilled sparagus with balsamic, which was yummy, but not very creative or innovative, sugar snap peas (which never made it to the table) and the procuitto mac n cheese.  The mac and cheese was good, but not nearly as good as other mac n cheese dishes I've had.   Like I said, Eddie seems to have a very cool culinary mind, but execution wise wasn't as good as it could've been.
2	Eddie's house has a lovely, cozy atmosphere. The menu was American....I think. Unlike some Phoenix Yelpers, I'm pretty neutral about Eddie Matney's  food and creativity. He's good but over rated definately. His style seems to be all over the place.  His creations aren't consistent. Nor are they consistently good.My friends and I had several so-called tapas which include: spaghetti egg rolls. What? They sound interesting and creative, but were weird in flavor and texture. They were basically rolled up and fried plain spaghetti on top of a peanut sauce. Ugh! Didn't fly!!! We had lamb chops on top of hummus and a few decorative french fries. The lamb chops were decent but we had to send them back b/c  the poor lamb was still crying "baaaahhhhhh"!
5	I don't throw down 5 stars for a restaurant often, and I didn't expect that I would for this meal, but I was really impressed with the menu and the food at Eddie's House. We had been wanting to try Eddie's House for months, and while we anticipated a good meal, it exceeded our expectations at every turn. One of party made the comment that he wanted "3 things from every section." That proved to be the challenge in ordering....everything looked good. We shared the flatbread as an appetizer. Delicious with a chewy crust. I've been a fan of the flatbreads at Olive & Ivy. This was head and shoulders above. Among the main courses that hit our table were the "What's-In-This?" Steak, an amazing and heart stopping combination of fillet mignon, potatoes and vegetables. Not for the light eater, but really, really good. The Halibut / Tuna combo with bok choy and risotto was almost too pretty to eat, but I'm so glad that I did! Lastly, the lamb chops were tasty. Not too much seasoning and the presentation was tops, including a lime based salad, griddled potatoes, and hummus. Trust me, it all played well together. Service was tops. Very attentive, even as it got to be later in the evening. The dining room was cozy and comfortable and the patio was perfectly heated to ward of the evening chill. The entire experience was near perfect from start to finish. The food was wonderful, not only for its imagination but also for its presentation. We're already planning a return trip!
5	We used to frequent Eddie's on Camelback.  We loved the ambiance of Scottsdale place and special touch it adds to have Eddie around.  His presence does make a difference.Loved the variety on menu.  Loved all of the food we ate.  That bread and pesto dip is so tasty and fresh.  We are very into fresh.Sat by the back bar where we could watch the cooking.  That was great.  The waitresses were okay.  There were two of them that seemed to be sharing us.  Would have preferred a bit more attention.  Loved the wine.  Price was high.  Portions fair.  Would go back again to try more things.  It does seem like Eddie's house.  Want to eat out on the patio sometime.  Would be fun with a group.
5	Chef Eddie Matney is doing something right at "Eddie's House."I'm not sure why it took me so long to go visit him, but now that I've been, I for sure will be hanging out there again soon.  We really did feel like we were hanging out with Eddie in his living room.  We sat at the bar where Valerie was the bartender / server and gave us honest answers to all of our questions about the menu. We also made friends with Victor and Bob - the other guys sitting at the bar while we dined.  Jared even went so far as eating one of Victor's "sweet chicken lollipop drumsticks" and half of Bob's "chocolate chip cookie tiramisu."  In addition, we did order our own food...We shared two appetizers (great deal during happy hour - all half off as well as half price glasses of wine)...  Scallop carpaccio and "Jacob and Gabriella's favorite edamame."  (Jacob and Gabriella are Eddie's kids by the way).From there, Jared had one of their specials - short rib and prawns.  The prawns (of which I stole one to taste) were crazy big, cooked just right, and very tasty.  I went with a half order (love that they allow you to do that) of the sea bass which comes with broccolini.  It was the perfect size... and delicious.  The sea bass melted in my mouth!  I didn't even share a bite with Jared 'cause I loved it so much!  Of course, we just had to get dessert as well... and despite Valerie suggesting otherwise, we chose the apple pear cobbler a la mode.  It was good but a bit doughy.  We'll have to stick with the tiramisu or try the orange cheesecake instead next time.Chef Eddie himself came out of the kitchen and socialized with us several times during our meal - i love when a chef is personable like that.  We noticed he was doing the same with other guests as well.  The rest of the staff was extremely attentive and friendly to boot.Oh, and a few more things to note about Eddie's House: the decor is warm and welcoming, very comfortable bar stools, a flatscreen TV at the bar, an outdoor patio, cool ass fly fishing photos in the men's room (according to Jared), and take out is available... I saw one guy take-out for his entire family while we sat there!We can't wait to go visit Eddie again - hopefully sooner rather than later!
3	4 of us had dinner here a few nights ago based on a recommendation from a guy we played golf with that day.  Made a reservation and were seated promptly.  Very nice atmosphere and an exciting menu.  We were ready for what appeared to be a great night.  After being seated our waitress came over and asked if we wanted to start with a cocktail or water and we said we would like some water and would have wine with dinner.  We did not see her for another 15-20 minutes and that was a preview of how her service would be.  During the wait one of the managers came by and we quizzed him about the menu.  He did a good job of explaining their best dishes and so we were excited about the prospects.  The waitress finally reappeared and seemed to be unfocused and had a bit of an attitude.  We placed our order which included a couple of appetizers and 4 main dishes.  We ordered a bottle of wine that she really approved of as well.  She then proceeded to bring the wrong bottle which we didn't notice right away because of a dark label.  Our appetizers included Chicken lollipops which were good and shrimp wanton which were very good.  An interesting plus point was that the main dishes could be ordered either as a full or half portion which we appreciated.  I had Braised Pork Shoulder with Sweet Potato Gnocchi and it was good not great.  One of my friends had their Filet Mignon stuffed with Mash potatoes and it sounded much better than it turned out.  The other two had a new item--diver scallops which they raved about.  We waited about 30 minutes after finishing our main course before our charming waitress came by again.  No mention of dessert was ever made and we had to manuever to get our check and then when we submitted the payment we had to get another waitress to take it.  In summary, this restaurant has a lot of potential with the food being reasonably good in a nice place.  However, the waitress was awful.  We spent 7 nights in Scottsdale and ate at some tremendous restaurants.  Six of the seven nights we received outstanding service.  This was the only bad one and it really soured the experience.  I would give the food 4 stars, the restaurant atmosphere 4 stars,  and the service one star.
5	We love Chef Eddie Matney and we are so glad he got away from Stoudemire's downtown. That was a waste of his talent. The food here rocks. I had a steak that was off of their nightly special menu that was out of this world. The husband had the meatloaf. How can you not love that meatloaf? The service was stellar. The dining room was stellar. Mark Curtis walked right by our table and said hey to us like we were old friends. Can't wait to go back!
2	JKL chapter 1Apparently Eddie, formerly of Eddie Matneys, owns this new restaurant in old town Scottsdale. I went there with two of my friends who love eating out and getting their drink on. It was a Tuesday night about 8 pm. When we arrived there were maybe 2 other groups there. We were shocked. Despite the economy, Eddie has quite a stellar reputation in the valley. But we stayed all the same. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks as we studied the menu. The bartender was friendly and knew his way around the menu. We started out with MoRockin' Shrimp with chili-beer dipping sauce and dough balls as well as the Golden Spaghettini Egg Rolls and cashew sauce as well as the Grilled Honey-Spiced Chicken Lollipops. At first I was quite unsure of the Spaghettini egg rolls with cashew sauce. The bartender offered some raspberry coulis to make the meal comparable to a peanut butter and jelly concoction (his words). Tasting pasta wrapped in an egg roll is disappointing and crunchy with no center to anticipate. The MoRockin Shrimp were pretty flavorful but my friends and I were confused by the dough balls. We were unsure if Eddie was trying to make a less expensive dish in light of the current recession. But the fact that we noticed it does not fare well. The chicken was by far the best with a good flavor and presented elegantly.I went to use the restroom and heard a voice in the stall. I was not sure if the person was talking to me, himself or someone else. No one else was in the restroom. I went outside for a smoke with my friends and Eddie the chef and proprietor approached us and thanked us for our business. He told me he recognized me from my shoes in the stall and that he uses the restroom as his office. It was a bit uncomfortable to have this encounter but we were confident that Eddie was in the kitchen that night. We went back inside and ordered our entrees. Normally I do not order fish in AZ because it makes as much sense as mexican food in Montreal, as I do not find it commonly fresh. I got the East-Meets-West Sesame Tuna & Parmesan Halibut with bok choy and asparagus risotto. My friends got the Seared Diver Scallops, apricot & goat cheese risotto "baklava" and lamb chops. The bartender warned my friend that her plate would be hot but her baklava was luke warm. My fish came smelling like fish and the bok choy was so immersed in soy that there was no little room for any other flavor. Finally we ordered the tiramisu cheesecake. One word. Costco. It felt like something I could have purchased at Costco in bulk. Not that I mind Costco but this is Eddie's reputation I am consuming. Although the service was great the food was not, especially since Eddie was there and we were the only group there when we left. I would like to chalk it up to the curse that had befallen Cook and Jacks but I do not know...
5	Eddie Matney once cooked for us at a friend's surprise birthday party, so I was ecstatic when he opened up his new restaurant by my house. I can't wait to go back! The service was excellent and the food was incredible. Eddie puts an amazing twist on ordinary dishes. My favorite is the tuna tartar nacho appetizer. The spaghetti egg roll appetizer is also amazing. I was so full from the appetizers and gourmet bread that I could barely eat the bacon infused meatloaf I ordered. Amazing!
3	eddies house .........what can i say .it started out it was our first visit it was 15$ special 1lb lobster pretty darn good deal I of course started with a gin martini  which were 11$ each and they charged 1$ for 2 blu cheese olives .......... the shrimp app (spicy) tasty and then we split a ceaser the romaine was not very chilled at all almost to warm from sitting out. my wife had the 1/2 order of the chealean sea bass tasty but a very small portion  for the price and of course had to have the mac and cheese pretty good as well, we sat at the chefs table not by choice but the person taking res. suggested it.  they were hopping and eddie was working up a sweat wipeing his face w/a towell which he would lay on the cutting board where they were choping the lobsters.........not appitizing ,service was good 15% tip good but i left 20% music was fun great classic r&r cream,creedence,beatles ect teramisu for desert which as another reviewer said was like a costco desert ..............which costco will be carring soon ,so i guess it's true
2	Stopped by for happy hour in early May.  Sat at the bar, which was still empty as it was only 4:30p.  After inquiring about menu items and possible allergens, I settled on the beef kabobs ($8 during happy hour), and the table bread basket (white and flatbread), which both contained allergens- I only had the nerve to try the white, which was good with the pesto butter.  The four 3-inch skewers consisted of tiny chunks of seasoned beef, tri-colored bell peppers, and onions with a chipotle sauce and mayo.  These were tasty, but not worth $8, or the long wait (One: they're kabobs, which usually do not take long to cook!  Two: they're MINI kabobs!)I'll give EH another try.  Sometime, but not soon.
4	"Share the passion." This should be every chef's motto, and modus operandi.Passion is truly experienced here, via the tastebuds.The moment you meet Chef Eddie Matney, he makes an impression.  He treats you as family, not as clientele.  He has life just bubbling out of him.  He jokes, he teases, and you get this overwhelming urge to take him by the hand and say,'tell me everything you know." I wonder if he would start by teaching me how to cut a tomato without getting the guts all over the chopping board...The food at Eddie's House is just like his personality.  Dynamic, fun, eccentric, and innovative.  Before coming to Phoenix to open numerous restaurants in the Valley, he created culinary delights in Massachussetts.  This influences a lot of the menu items.  You can experience surf and turf east coast style, or a blending of traditional american dishes with flavors from around the globe.  This is why his style of cooking is referred to as the "melting pot" style.Currently, Eddie's is serving an incredible deal: Maine Lobster Dinner with sweet corn on the cob and buttered potatoes, for $20.  Ongoing deals are the ability to order nearly all entrees in "half orders." want to try the seabass and the seared diver scallops? you can!  for half the price of the regular sized entree.  Happy Hour is a fantastic deal, as well!   Come here between 4-8p Friday and Saturday, or all night Mondays-Thurdays -  and all the appetizers are 1/2 off, as well as many great cocktails for $5, in addition to beer and wine specials.I can easily eat two baskets of bread, with the incredible pesto and gorgonzola butter that comes with it.Best Appetizers:jacob and gabriella matney's favorite edamameToasted Horseradish-Mashed-Potato Stuffed ShrimpTuna Tartar Nachos, Arizona corn & cilantro Best Entrees:Chermoula Roasted Chilean Sea Bass, candied lemon broccolini (i had an orgy in my mouth)East-Meets-West Sesame Tuna & Parmesan Halibut, bok choy, asparagus risotto  (i have never had halibut this beautiful)The Famous, One-and-Only, "What's-In-This?" SteakAside from my love for the sea bass and halibut, I will return time and again for the superior quality, fresh and inventive ingredients, and a comfortable and vibrant atmosphere
5	It does not get much better. First, Eddie actually cooks and you can watch him from one of the seating areas.Second, there is nothing on that menu that is not tasty, falvored, and just plain yummy. Third, the staff, the servers (Lori) and others are as  pleasant as can be. They make sure things are good and do it in a way to not intrude.Excellent Lemon Drop. Excellent Cream Bruella and Excellennt Cafe Lattes.I had the Wonton Seafood for starters, members of the party Sea Bass, Meatloaf, and Seared Ahi Tuna. Amazing flavors and just a must visit.Gonnabe back!
5	If Eddie's House ever rents a room, I'm moving in!  4.5 stars, but I think I'm too stingy with that 5th star sometimes.  Fear of commitment maybe?  I had dinner here with Dottsy Z before the infamous night at Brackin's, right there is a good start to a 5-star evening.  We sat at the bar and started with a glass of wine.  Nice wine list.  By that I mean not too overwhelming for a novice.  I'm no wine expert.  If I can get it down easier than a shot of Everclear, that's good enough for me.As appetizers are half off in the bar during happy hour, we went with three.  I was hesitant with the tuna tartar nachos.  If it walked, flew, or swam prior to being on my plate, I want it cooked.  But, I was pleasantly surprised. The tuna was seasoned so well, I enjoyed it.  The toasted seafood wontons are a take on the crab cheese puffs at most Chinese restaurants, but oh so much better.  I could have eaten a dozen of these bad boys.  Too bad there were only 4 and Dottsy actually expected to partake as well.  The horseradish mashed potato stuffed shrimp rounded out our trio.  I can't say I had ever had a shrimp stuffed with mashed potato, and I'm sad about that.  The shrimp were large, plenty of room for stuffin', and it was quite a tasty dish.  I believe you get 4 shrimp as well.Hold on, we're not done eating.  We also ordered two half dinners.  First, the famous "What's-In-This" Steak.  Here's a hint:  steak.  This is Eddie's version of a shepherd's pie.  The mashed potatoes were well-seasoned and the steak was exceptionally tender.  Finally, we tried the seared diver scallops with apricot goat cheese risotto, my favorite of the evening.  Scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto was spectacular.As far as the appetizers, they really only serve 2, or 1 if you're me.  So sit in the bar if you'll order several as they are a little expensive.  And be careful of the half dinners.  While the steak would be enough for me, a half order of scallops was only 2 scallops.  So unless you just want a taste, go with the full meal or try two different entrees!This little gem is in my neighborhood, and I'm kicking myself I hadn't visited sooner, but I look forward to going back!
5	Time to break out the five star rating!Eddie's House does not disappoint, and in fact sets the standard in my book.  I truly wish that every dining experience could be as pleasant, comfortable, and tasty as our visit to Eddie's House. The bar is spot on, with well mixed drinks.  Appetizers were outstanding!  We tried a BLT type pizza which sounds crazy, but was incredible.I had to get my favorite meatloaf on the world.  It just is too good for words.  I do not have the words for this place!!Deserts also rocked.  Yes, we really did it up this visit.  Thanks Eddie Matney for a wonderful time!!!  We will be back!
5	Just had dinner service for the first time.  Excellent service.  Excellent food.  We tried the grilled lamb chops with cumin hummus for an appetizer.  I usually won't eat lamb, but did take a taste, and damn those were good.  It's too bad for me those little lambs are so adorable before they're slaughtered.  Also tried the tiramisu for dessert.  Ladyfingers are replaced by cookie dough!  I think I'm in love with Eddie.  SHHH.
5	WOW!...What a great happy hour place.  Currentlly, happy hour goes until 8pm, and not only were the margaritas some of the best I have had, but they are only $5.00.  And, the really good appetizers are half price.  So good!  Great decor and service too! (P.S., We sat in the bar.)
5	Gabi took Stephanie I. and I here on our first night in Phoenix. Eddie's was participating in Yelp Eats, so she wanted to give us a taste of one of Scottdale's best restaurants.We each started with a glass of wine - which by the way, they have an excellent selection to choose from! Then I stared at the menu for about ten minutes deciding...it all looked SO good. I rarely say that. Most of the time, my eyes find something - one thing - that really pops out at me. Not on Eddie's...it ALL popped out at me!After much deliberation (Gabi and Stephanie kept staring at me like I was crazy for taking so long) and a last-minute switcheroo, I ordered the half order of cilantro & ginger crusted ahi tuna with wasabi, mashed potatoes and mango soy bean ponzu. I knew I'd be happy.And happy I was! The ahi tuna was seared perfectly, and the colors were so vibrant on my plate. It was almost too pretty to eat, seriously. And then it was like heaven on my tastebuds. I was already halfway full from munching on the bread basket that came before the meal, or I would have requested the other half of my meal.After we finished and I didn't possibly think I could stuff down anything else, of course came the dessert menu. How could I refuse after a meal like that? We decided on the tiramisu. I was half-excited, because I'm not usually a tiramisu fan. Eddie just changed my mind about that...as long as there's cookie dough and chocolate involved, I'm in. I had a hard time setting down my fork!I can't say enough great things about Eddie's (as you can tell, obviously). Even the service was top-notch!And the added bonus? Eddie himself came by our table and chatted with us. After just a few minutes, it felt like I'd known him for 10 years and he was throwing us a personal dinner party. It was win-win for everyone!
4	Celebrated mine and a girlfriend's birthdays at Eddie's House a couple of weeks ago.  Really enjoyed it!For starters, we had the toasted horseradish mashed potato stuffed shrimp.  Yes, that is a mouthful.  A mouthful of YUM!Three of us shared two entrees (plus an extra plate of veggies), the Chermoula Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with candied lemon broccolini and the lobster special.  Presentation didn't blow me over, but taste and quality of the food were wonderful!  The sea bass was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the lobster was yummy as well.Service was excellent.  Our server, Laurie (I think?) was great.  Not too "in-your-face", but still very attentive.  Chef Matney was a gracious host.  We enjoyed him spending time with us at our table :o)Definitely will make a trip back to Eddie's House.
2	Bold flavors but terrible execution. The gnocchi were like little lead bombs and the fish had been cooked so long it was unrecognizable.
5	I went to Eddie's House while visiting Scottsdale and was surprised that it wasn't super packed...because our meals were fantastic. I talked to a couple local friends who said they had heard it's really good, but hadn't had the chance to actually experience it first hand. We had reservations (since it was an official date-night) but we didn't need them. On a Saturday night there were many open tables at 7:30 p.m. I tell you this so you can take advantage of a delicious meal where you don't have to wait 30+ minutes before you can dine. Before I get into describing the scrumptious food, I should mention that the rest of my experience is what contributes to me really loving this place. It's in a cute area that is easy to get to, lots of parking, and surrounded by galleries. The front door is over-sized, and I like that. We were seated outside and had the entire patio to ourselves for the first hour of our meal. Our server was SO nice and felt like a friend by the end of the dinner. Also, the decor is elegant but you also feel like you are having dinner at Eddie's house because it is surrounded by family pictures and unique artwork. They start by putting a basket of warm bread and homemade sheets of crackers with this incredible pesto/butter concoction.  Needless to say, that was polished off quickly.  For our appetizer we got the Toasted Horseradish-Mashed Potato Stuffed Shrimp. This had a great balance of sweet and spicy, and a combo of seafood and starch...however you only get three. For salad we shared the iceberg wedge that was RIDICULOUSLY good. It was such a great mixture of dressing, tomato, lettuce, bacon, onions, and blue cheese...I was scraping my plate before they took it away. For our main courses we split the special of the day which was a scallop dish that tasted fresh and indulgent at the same time, the waiter did a great job selling us on it. And of course the What's In This Steak out of pure curiosity. Let me tell you, that curiosity paid off big time. Please order it, you will not regret it. We left happy, full, and ready to tell the world that Eddie's House is a underutilized gem in Scottsdale...go run and tell your friends.
5	Another great visit to Eddie's House! It was quiet last night as it was New Year's Day and I suspect that people were too hung over to dine out, but that didn't deter Eddie or his staff. The service was excellent and the food was spot on as always.  Eddie is also on Facebook and Twitter so if you are a friend of his, you can get a heads up on some awesome deals! For example, over the Christmas holiday, he offered 50% off on his gift certificates. So if you buy a $50 gift certificate, you only pay $25 for it. Awesome idea and let me buy several for friends while keeping one for myself. :) You can't go wrong at Eddie's House so don't be afraid to give it a try. It's very affordable for a Scottsdale joint and well worth the price of gas to get there!
4	We meet our friends at this restaurant whose son works as a sous chef. The reservation was under a different name so that we would not get comp for our food. My wife had the huge scallops, four of them cooked to perfection; I had, "what's in this steak!" which came wrapped in mashed potatos and rolled in cheese. Darn IT, they wouldn't reveal how they cooked the steak in the ball of mashed potatoes!! Our friends also ordered scallops and the salmon which was also a big hit!
4	I made a reservation on the Monday after Valentines Day, just in case there was some post rush of couples who wanted to avoid the dreaded Hallmark day dinner madness. Well, that was easy enough; a phone call and a nice gentleman got us down for 8pm sharp. We arrived to find a mostly empty, should have known for a Monday, Eddie's House. The place is looks and feels great. We were shown to our two person table which was large without being too expansive and had some really comfortable plush chairs.Our server was a young guy by the name of Chris, he came and asked us water preference (nice touch) and then returned to take our drink orders. We each had a glass of wine, for the lady a Cab Sav by the name of Dynamite and for myself a Pinot Noir going by Row 11. Both were good and the pour was generous from the bartender. While munching our complimentary bread basket with tasty butter side (so good), we decided to try the Tuna Tar Tar Nachos. When they arrived I was underwhelmed to say the least. There was basically 2 ounces of chopped tuna with about the same amount of avocado and very little else. The chips were very good but I expect (especially for $12) that there be enough to go around for the chips provided, simply put, there was not by a long shot.Undeterred we ordered our entrees. The Filet and Roasted Salmon were both extremely good. The portions were about what I expected and given that we had bread, wine, tuna tar tar already there wasn't any doubt I would be full. The salmon was cooked wonderfully and fell apart upon prodding with my fork. The filet was cooked a tad bit rare but still was within the range of medium-rare, I tried two bites of it and almost wished I had ordered it instead (it had been awhile since I'd had good filet). We both finished our orders and agreed we wouldn't be able to get a desert. Chris came by and ensured we were ready and got everything out of the way and our check with casual speediness. He was really great the entire meal.Summed up; good wine, underwhelming appetizer, great entrees, excellent service. I might not be back right away, but a return visit at some point is definitely warranted.
3	we went here because we had a groupon, and i'm glad.  i would've been a little disappointed if i'd had to pay full price for this meal - little errors that would be excusable at my favorite corner joint are amplified when i'm plopping down $20+ per entree.for starters, the complimentary bread we were served was cold, and tasted like it was off the day-old table at a bakery.  i know, i know, gift horses, but serving mediocre food at a pricey restaurant actually detracts from the experience.my hopes were restored by our appetizer, the mo' rockin' shrimp.  the sauce was delicious - i'm not super familiar with moroccan cuisine, but it tasted vaguely  mediterranean with a hint of the individual elements in chinese five-spice.  the dough balls were an interesting touch - i wasn't a huge fan, but my date thought they cleaned the palate wonderfully, preparing the mouth for more delicious shrimp.  the shrimp itself was perfectly cooked, too, and tasted fresh, which is a rarity out here, even at nice places.when our food arrived, i was again disappointed.  i got the burger and fries - apparently, eddie's favorite dish.  the fries were off the charts - really good.  the burger meat itself was adequately cooked and seasoned.  the bun was good.  the problem was the combination of all the elements - the sandwich ended up being less than the sum of its parts.for starters, the bun was significantly  bigger than the burger.  combined with the chewiness of the ciabatta, it made eating the burger awkward.  half of a good burger experience comes from the  visceral pleasure of tearing into a patty perfectly enveloped by soft bread, right?  also, the sandwich also lacked any sauce, which was interesting - i never realized before how dry hambuger meat is vastly improved by the moistness of ketchup or mustard.  i asked for some mustard, but it didn't quite go with the seasoning of the patty.so, the burger was ok, but not anywhere near the fancy burgers i've had in the past.our other entree was the seared salmon with strawberry escabeche, which was served on a bed of orzo.  the orzo was delicious, and the salmon was perfectly seared.  the only problem - the strawberry escabeche was just weird.i'm all for sweet-savory combos, but the strawberry was downright cloying - overpowering.  good salmon is much too subtle to be paired with a sweetness of dessert proportions.atmospherically, the place is great for groups - not exactly romantic.we probably won't be going back - i don't think it is worth the price.  on the other hand, i could see taking the grandparents here for a nicer meal that won't be too creative for blander flavor profiles, but isn't totally boring.
1	Plain and simple.  Service was the worst - Had to ask for refills on water - had to go to the bar to get our table of 8 another drink from the bar.  The waiter disappeared for 15 to 20 minutes at a time - food was cold, portions were very small.  I felt bad because we were celebrating a good friends B-day and it was not a good experience.  To say the least I will never go back.....bye Eddie's!
1	Terrible service.  Small portions.  Food was overcooked.  Would not return.  Rating should be "zero stars"!
4	Nice location in Scottsdale. We had a little problem with finding a place to park our car. The restaurant is very clean, trendy and a nice design. The food is very interesting. We had the grilles calamari which were pretty spicy and didn't taste very good (1*), the mint pesto grilled lamb chops which were excellent (5*), Diver Scallops had a great taste (4*), the one and only what's in this steak was very interesting and had a good flavor, but should have a bigger steak (4*), Mac and Cheese were not special (2*), Eddies famous Buttermilk chocolate cake which wasn't that special (1*) and the extremely delicious creme brulee (5*). I thought the food was very inconsistent, but our server was excellent.   Go here if you want interesting food and really good creme brulee. Ask to get "Lars" as your server!
4	Yum - what a great find!  Our service was fantastic - Ward was a pleasure!  The atmosphere was cozy and casual.  And...the food was fantastic!  We split the horseradish mashed potato stuffed shrimp and each had the famous, what is in this steak entree.  I had a half portion and my husband had the full portion - love restaurants that offer half portions!  The prices were great, so overall a wonderful dining experience!
4	My husband and I lucked into one of the best dining experiences in a long time on a recent business trip to AZ. The hummous appetizer was exceptional, as was the "what's in this steak?" dish, tender filet wrapped in yukon-gold potatoes (how comforting is THAT?). Nice selection of wine by the glass.  The only disappointment was a dessert referred to as a "twist on Tiramisu," but which bore no resemblance to it at all, with toffee cookie dough ice cream. I'll go back next time in town, but try a different dessert.
5	Ok, so why the heck have I not been here sooner?! (bad llama - ok, if u didn't see the movie emperor's new groove, never mind - and I'm off the subject matter here...)Sat at the nice & spacious bar where we were (ok, that looks weird: a lot of 'w' & 'e's) very promptly served and waited on for over an hour.  The steak flatbread was awesome!  Nom~Nom~Nom.  Paired with the perfect glass of cab: sequoia grove - MmmmmmmmI will definitely be back.
5	I have eaten at Eddie's several times, and this is my first review.  I definitely prefer to sit at the bar and take advantage of their amazing Monday-Saturday, all day 1/2 off appetizer specials.  The flatbread, which is covered in whatever is fresh and tasty that day, is a favorite, as is the mash potato stuffed shrimp, grilled *or* fried calamari, kabobs.... let me stop before I get hungry again.  I have also had the bacon infused meatloaf entree, which also was excellent.Eddie's house is a place that has yet to disappoint.
5	Great sea bass.  Try pulled mozzarella...yum!  Comfortable and quiet.  Fabulous flavors.  Loved it.
3	Just back from Eddie's. We enjoyed the cookie dough "tiramisu" for dessert. Prior to that not a lot of "wows". Service lacked from the bar to our table. Our waiter, tho nice enough, also earns 3 stars. My steak, bland and over cooked buried in so-so mashed potatoes, the wife's salmon, unattractive and bland. Shrimp appetizer was zesty unless you got an undiluted shmeer of horseradish sauce which over shadowed the shrimp themselves which were actually quite plump and juicy. The chicken "lollipops" combined a sweetness with mint, I believe, which normally might sound great but was an under-acheiver. My wife actually took 2 bites and set the "drummie" down. Ceasar salad with the olive tapenade was a nice twist actually but still lacked pizzazz which pretty much summed up the entire dining experience. My wife commented post-meal that there really wasn't a dish that would draw us back again. Sad too as we had both been looking forward to trying Eddies' out. We support independent businesses of all kinds but recent trips to Cowboy Ciao and Renegade Grill were far more memorable.
4	I'm definitely a fan of Eddie's House and Chef Eddie in general.  I've had dinner here several times, and Eddie is often walking around the restaurant talking with guests and asking them how they're liking their meals.  I love that!  The last time I was there, he sat down at our table of 12, ordered a drink, and joined our conversation for a while.  It was unexpected and fun.The food, as it should go without saying at any of Eddie's restaurants, is also outstanding.  The dishes are all creative and enjoyable.  And, the ambiance is perfect, buzzing but not loud, just comfortable.
5	OK- 1st off; If you really want to have the "Eddie House" experience you'll have to get a group of 'Foodies and get reservations at the "Kitchen Bar". (At least I think that is what it is called) The bar sits 6 people and is right in fount of the kitchen..Where Eddie prepares a multi-course meal..incredible! A Mushroom Bisque soup, Spicy greens salad w/ the thinnest sliced scallops ever. Seared Ahi,  the best mashed taters ever!Oh yea.. if a cook offers to feed you, don't reach for the spoon! You just have to trust the cook! Be fair warned- you paying for front-row service and a show! BUT well worth it!
5	My new favorite restaurant!  I've only been one time so far, but if future visits compare this is the best place in town, IMHO! I met chef Eddie Matney about 10 years ago at event and he is one of the nicest people around.. but I always found his restaurants a bit too out of the way.  Eddie's house is worth the drive though, even from 30+ minutes north.  We were meeting a group there and were a bit early so got to enjoy the great $5 wine happy hour and very friendly, professional bartenders before dinner.  This has to be the best happy hour deal in town.  Our party of 5 was then seated and treated to a very traditionally "formal" service (separate servers for water, drinks, food) which still managed to be friendly and not stuffy.  And of course the food.  To start, my mother and law and I shared the Fetoush Salad, which had to be the best salad I've ever had (it was all about the fresh mint and other herbs in the light dressing).  Seriously, I'd give Eddie's 5 stars even if for only this salad.   Then on to the perfectly seared salmon - crispy and lightly charred on the outside, moist and yet flaky on the inside - and cabonara risotto.  Another 5 star dish.  My husband, who is a self appointed "ribs snob" raved about the ribs.. which I also found to be the best anywhere.  Other guests enjoyed the sea bass, the vegetarian platter and the steak  - all claimed they were perfect too.  Nice selection of wines by the glass as well as the bottle.  We shared a bottle (or two) of a reasonably priced Rex Hill (Oregon) Pinot Noir.  All in all, the warm and inviting decor and staff, the fair prices, and most of all the all-around best food I can remember being impressed by in a long time make Eddie's a 5 star house in my book.
5	Love this place!  I have never ever been disappointed here.  I have come here for dinner a few times and everything I had was spectacular.  The last time I was here for dinner I had their short rib entree, it was amazing!! I crave this dish all the time.  I recently heard that Eddie was opening for lunch on the 20th of September so my lunch companions and I decided to try it out.  I am sooo glad we did:).  BTW you still get that wonderful pesto dipping sauce with cracker bread... Yummy!  For lunch I had the cob salad and a cup of their soup of the day it was excellent.  My other lunch companions had the bacon infused meatloaf and a veggie paninni.  They both were also really pleased with their choices.  I will be back for sure!
5	Great Food! Great People,I love sitting at the bar with Danny he is always there to make you smile and make you great drinks.This is a great place to stop after work for a drink and apps.Recomending for EVERYONE
4	Though we went to Eddie's House for happy hour and not dinner I can say it was delicious and very reasonably priced! All apps. were 50% off and they were served up quickly! Customer service was extremely quick and accommodating. We will defiantly be going back soon to try dinner. Thanks Chef Eddie Matney!
4	Eddie's House is a great local establishment. Eddie walks the floor to see if you're having a good experience and he has great specials nearly every evening. I love that I can order a half portion of most dinners but then did notice that my 8 year old's meal was as big as mine for half the price. We'll definitely go back often.
2	Six of us tried to go there for happy hour last night.  Of course, you can only take advantage of that menu and pricing in the bar/lounge area.  However, there are only 3-4 tables and a quarter circle bar, and it was packed (5:15 p.m. on a Thursday).  The rest of the dining room and the patio outside were EMPTY.  We asked if we could get the happy hour menu and pricing if we sat out on the patio.  The answer was "no", even from the manager.  We ended up walking out and going to a more accomodating place down the street.  As we left, there were several other couples leaving for the same reason.    NOTE TO EDDIES - either expand the bar/lounge area, allow happy hour outside, or suffer the continued loss of business to other area places that are more accomodating.
4	I came in hear for a Christmas party last night. About 13 people, got a beautiful, giant, booth table in the back corner. The server was one of the best I have ever seen. Really a master of his craft, friendly, funny, prompt, knowledgable, and he really sold on some amazing dishes. Which were, EXCELLENT. Would definitely come back.
4	Went to Eddie's House last night to celebrate my dad's 70th birthday.  Overall a great experience.  We arrived a little before our reservation time but were seated promptly.   We were quickly greeted by the server and she was able to answer any questions we had about the menu.   There were four in our party and the items we ordered were:  mint pesto lamb chops, hummus platter, iceberg wedge salad, diver scallops, meatloaf, new york strip, chicken with the asiago creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes.  We also had a great bottle of cabernet suggested by the server (I forgot the name, however, but it was one of their specialty wines).    We also had pre-dinner cocktails and I had their Mai-Tai.    It was one of the best I've ever had.  The food was very good quality and not too salty.   The only complaint by some of our party members were that the lamb did not have enough mint flavor (I don't eat lamb so I did not try them).   The iceberg wedge did not have enough carmelized onions or blue cheese dressing and crumbles.  We had to ask for extra blue cheese and were charged an extra fee.   These are the only reasons for the four stars.  Overall a good experience.   It would have been better if Eddie visited our table.  He was there and visited with most of the tables but not ours.    We're not sure why.   We were in a corner, maybe he couldn't make it over that far.   Overall a great place and I would go back.   Nice atmosphere too.
2	We were there for New Year's eve, arrived at the time of our reservation and were told it would be a half an hour and someone would bring out food while we waited. Nice thought. After an hour and no food we were seated on a heated patio where you were either right under a heater or in a draft. Better to go for lunch or sometime when it if far less crowded. I had scallops which were good but for $32, I expect more than just 4 scallops. My wife had a half portion and got two scallops for $18. Maybe a vegetable would have been nice. Quality was great but expensive. This is a place to eat if you are looking for great food, are on an expense account, and aren't looking for quiet atmosphere.
4	Just ate lunch at Eddie's House last week--and I'm not sure the place should be open for lunch, it was empty!  However, I'm glad it was as we had great service (never guaranteed no matter how busy or not busy) and a great meal.Meatloaf is generally an annual event for me, so I took care of it early in 2011.  Excellent choice though, and I have to say if it wasn't the best meatloaf I've ever had it sure was close.  I inhaled it so fast I don't think I can even describe it, but it was the perfect lunch portion to prevent an afternoon food coma (AKA I could have eaten two orders).Looking forward to dinner here soon (pending a vegetarian check by the Little Lady of course!).  If you're in OT for lunch, skip that nonsense at Fashion Square and give Eddie's a whirl.  Please....I need them to stay open so I can head back for more meatloaf!
4	The SF Giants Fantasy camp ate here several times during the week.  I am grateful that the restaurant was close to the hotels we were staying at so it was convenient.  As for the service, big thumbs up for Eddie's.  They closed the restaurant several times just for us.  The first time I ate there, I didn't really care for the food that was served, but things got better during the week and on the last night, with the chicken and brisket...now that was a delicious dinner!  Thanks!
5	EVER meal we've ever had there... WONDERFUL!  GO... you'll be SO glad you did!
5	I love Eddie's House.  I ordered the sopes for an appetizer which were really good, and for the main entree I had "The famous, one and only, whats in this steak"...This has to be one of the best meals that I have ever had.  I love a good steak, and rolling a filet mignon with garlic mashed potatoes is a whole lot of awesomeness.  I had a great time, good service and I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a nice dinner!
5	One of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at...PERIOD.  My mom, bf, and I ate there during the holidays while we were in Scottsdale attending a wedding; I had heard about Eddie's via a coworker and thought we'd try it out. Amazing. We had the sopes, martinis, and all had "The Famous One and Only" steak, medium rare. It was A LOT of heaven in our mouths! We're all originally from NM, but now live in LA where there are a plethora of restaurants to choose from. If you don't like one restaurant, choose another (btw, "yelping" is a big deal in LA...for all restaurants, services, etc). I choose Eddie's whether or not I live in LA, Scottsdale, NM, or Timbucktu! We have told all of our friends in the AZ area that they NEED to pay Eddie's a visit...we're almost tempted to fly into Phoenix just for dinner =)
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about Eddie's House? Eddie is not just an amazing chef but he and Jennifer are tremendous hosts. When you eat here, you truly are eating with family. I took my son for a Valentine's Day treat and we had a great time. The restaurant was packed, as expected for this type of holiday. The Valentine's Menu did not disappoint. We were in a surf and turf mood so we shared the Twin Heart Filets of Beef and the Maine Lobster. The filets were actually in a heart shape and were not just adorable to look at but DELISH! The lobster was perfectly cooked and so succulently sweet. Perfection on a plate and there is nothing in the world better than freshly caught lobster. For dessert, my son enjoyed the chocolate dipped strawberries and I had the Oreo Fudge chocolate cake. Both were treated to a generous dollop of housemade whipped cream and both were amazing. As always, the service was impeccable.  The hot food came out hot and the cold food came out cold, just as it should be, and right on time despite the packed house. I was expecting long kitchen waits, but the kitchen staff was really doing an awesome job keeping up with the orders.   We save Eddie's House for special occasions, but the prices are such that you could eat here weekly and not break the bank. And we are always welcomed like old friends and we always have the best time! Thank you Eddie, Jennifer and the Eddie's House Family! You did not disappoint and we can't wait to come back!And an aside to the woman sitting next to us who gave me a "Scottsdale" look and eye roll for bringing a 10 year old...at least my date behaved better than you....sloppy sloppy. ;)
1	I have received better service at Denny's. We had a 7:30 reservation that we had made over the phone. We arrived at 7:15 and were told that we would be seated in 5 minutes. At 7:45 (30 minutes later) my husband checked in the hostess and she said they were work off a list and they would get to us when the got to us. A few minutes later they sat two separate couples that had just arrived. I checked in with the hostess and asked why they were seated and we are still waiting. She played dumb and said, "What couple? What were their names?" At that time the person seating came back and the hostess asked if she just sat a couple and she said yes. The seater assured us they were clearing our table at that moment. Fifteen minutes later and another couple being seated I was very upset. I confronted the hostess. Her response was, "Give me a minute Ma'ma" she then ran off. The seater came back with the hostess and said she would seat us now. Our waiter was nice, but clearly overwhelmed. A good portion of the food; however, was subpar. My husband got the "Famous What Is In This Steak" and the steak that was enrobed in mashed potatoes was a subpar piece of meat that had no flavor. He also ordered the chocolate chip cookie tiramisu and was sorry disappointed when it was just vanilla ice cream with chunks of cookie in it. I had the cream brule and it was runny. The only food item we enjoyed was the asparagus risotto. We did not get out of the restaurant until 9:30, thus not being able to keep our plans we had made for after dinner. Now here is the kicker. A co-worker of mine had made a reservation for 6 to Eddie's House and did not keep the reservation. Eddie called her 6-7 times that night and the next day. When she answered his call he asked her if she was okay and he was so worried about her. I don't think it is right that she didn't keep her reservation or call to cancel, but where does he get off harassing people when he can't even keep our  7:30 reservation.
3	I went here for dinner with my boyfriend. The patio was really pretty and our server was great. I also thought the Valentine's Deal was good, I enjoyed my lobster but it wasn't it wasn't the best I've ever had.  But the fact that a bowl of lobster bisque cost 10 dollars is a little much.The atmosphere was nice, the server was very friendly, but I just thought that the food was a little overpriced for what you got.
5	Like Beth, I am not sure there is much left to said about Eddie's but I will take a stab at it.I had dinner last night at Eddies for Valentines Day.  My wife and I joined another couple who were very familiar with the restaurant, having ate their several times before.My wife and I waited at the bar while our friends arrived and were immediately met with great service at the bar.  We also met another couple at the bar, new to Eddies, who promptly pointed out the value of their half off appetizers menu - which they were thoroughly enjoying!We were introduced to Eddie and Jennifer within 10 minutes of being seated and they were both clearly focused on ensuring we taken care.  We had a selection of appetizers, all fantastic (the lamb chops might be one of the best apps in the valley!).  We had the exact same selection from the Valentines Day menu as Beth and it was outstanding!Eddie dropped by the table after dinner was complete to make sure we enjoyed everything.  Outstanding all the way around!!!
3	We dined here on Valentine's day - I know, not the best time to go out for a good meal, but out we went...  Had an early rezzie and we had our choice of inside or outside.  The patio looked sweet but I don't like to be chilled so we sat at a little table close to the open patio doors & it was perfect.  We even had very nice chatty people on either side of us.  The food was ok...we got the mashed potato stuffed shrimp, just cuz everyone commented about it and I was extremely underwhelmed, just as I was with the sea bass & my hubby with the what's in the steak steak - the wine was good but very pricey, most glasses were $14 & up and we lived in the SF Bay area for 15 years and didn't pay that.It was a nice evening, the wait staff was good, but the food - eh....I wouldn't go back.
4	Wow, what a great place to eat!  Everything we ordered was so tasty.  The service was spot on.  When in Scottsdale - go there!We started with the Mo' Rockin Shrimp.  It was so filled with flavor.  The dough balls dipped in the sauce is just incredible.Wine was reasonable priced.Main dish was East-Meets-West Sesame Tuna and Parmesan Halibut, bok choy, asparagus risotto.  What perfectly cooked fish with great flavor.Other half ordered a Salmon special that was also cooked to perfection.For dessert we ordered the choc chip tiramisu.  Wow a cookie soaked in liquor ,ice cream with slabs of decadent chocolate surrounding the sides.  It was great!There were so many other items on the menu that sounded interesting and tasty.  Definitely will be back.
2	I really had high hopes for this place after reading all the rave reviews on here.  We were given the happy hour drink menu, so my mom and I each ordered a martini, only to find them full price on our bill.  While the blue cheese pesto butter that arrived with the bread basket was delish, the bread itself was not so much.  We shared the iceberg "wedge" salad.  Pretty good.  How do you mess that up?  My mom ordered the One and Only, What's in this? Steak and I got the meatloaf.  I will say I liked my meatloaf, although it was a bit crumbly.  It was hard to pick up with a fork.  The mashed potatos were very tasty.  My mom's steak was overcooked (she asked for medium rare) and dry as the juices had been soaked up by the fried mashed potato ball encompassing it.  There wasn't even any pink in the middle.  It was definitely an original concept, though!  For dessert, we tried the creme brulee. I'm somewhat of a creme brulee connoisseur.  The flavor was good.  I love seeing fresh vanilla bean.  However, the consistency was really runny.  It was more like soup than custard.  I'm not sure I'll go back with those prices.
5	went down to Scottsdale for Spring Training (Go Giants!) and we decided we wanted to have a nice, sit down meal instead of bar food or ballpark food every day/night.  Eddie's House fit the bill perfectly.Food - excellent.  Tuna Tartar "nachos" were great.  I had the scallops and they were perfectly cooked.  Also had a size of Fiddler's Ferns which I've only tried once before.  they were excellent.  Berry Cobbler for dessert also excellent.  Service - excellent.  very nice waiter who was very attentive.Location - close to downtown but not on the immediate Scottsdale Road path.  Atmosphere - also excellentPrices - being from San Francisco, the prices were unbelievably reasonable.
4	Friendly staffNice Happy HourGet the Mo'Rockin Shrimp
5	This was goodness.  We ordered the mozzarella cheese plate as an appetizer, which was really good. I asked our server what plates he recommended, and he said that if he went once in his life to the restaurant, he would eat either the meatloaf or the steak. For some reason, meatloaf sounded good and I went for it.  The GF ordered the scallops.The scallops were good. However, she ordered the half plate, and it was just 2 scallops.  The server had said that the half plate of this would be really small. they were good, but in my opinion, not great.The meatloaf, however, was out of this world.  Probably the best one I ever had. It was loaded with bacon inside, and it was just perfect.  The mashed potatoes that came with it were very good as well.  We also ordered the prosciutto mac and cheese as a side. It rocked our face off.  Probably the best one I've ever eaten. (It goes head to head with a green chile mac and cheese I had once in Santa Fe, can't decide which one's better) A must order if you're there, especially if you like prosciutto. Gotta love the saltiness.In all, I would call it 5 stars for the meatloaf and the mac and cheese. However, I wouldn't consider the scallop plate a 5 star one.
4	I took the wife to Eddies House for our 11th anniversary. I wanted something different and I knew Eddie would not disappoint me.We sat on the patio and the weather was perfect. My wife loved the pesto and bread, I personally likes the flatbread.She had the whats in this steak. It was ok, she said there was just too many potatos.I had the meatloaf. I may have made a mistake because I don't know if my wife will make meatloaf again after I raved about Eddies.I had her try it and she agreed it was real good.I liked the fact that you can order 1/2 entrees. We had an appetizer, we both ordered 1/2 entrees and we had room for the chocolate chip cookie terimisu (sp) this thing was rich sweet, great tasting and the perfect way to top off the night.The service was good but not great, I expected a little better. One of the main reasons I took my wife there is so she could meet Eddie and see him in person. Wouldn't you know we went on the one night he decided to spend home with his family.Well I guess he deserves a night off every now and then.It is a comfortable place that is warm, not stuffy.We will be back
4	Went here with a groupon.  The waitress recommended the peach sangria a a drink special and it was fabulous.   I had the filet steak (half portion) , which comes wrapped in "baked mashed potatoes" - usual, but the steak was cooked perfectly. My partner had the meatloaf (half portion) - which was as good as it gets - better than any other meatloaf anywhere.  We got a side of the mac and cheese to share - it was really special too!  We shared the chocolate pot for dessert - it was a little rich - would skip dessert next time and just enjoy the entrees.  We will be back now we have discovered Eddie's House.
4	LOVE Eddie's! We usually go for their happy hour which is in the bar area from 4pm to close, yes it goes all night! All of the "First Flavors" are half priced and there is a great selection and variety! My favorite is the seafood wontons and we always try the flatbread which Eddy changes daily! The regular menu is also great because on most items you can get a half or whole order. On the regular menu we can't resist the "What's in this steak." It has yet to disappoint ANYONE we have introduced it to, and we bring just about anyone we know to Eddie's because we KNOW they're guaranteed to fall in love!The bartenders are always friendly and they have a lot of regulars which you know is great because people keep coming back! For drink I recommend the Sangria, it is amazing and delicious! Eddie's isn't your typical cheap happy hour spot but it's worth every penny!
5	My husband and I had a wonderful evening at Eddie's House this past weekend.  We were seated in a very nice table on the patio. The server was accommodating, but not overbearing. And the food....ah, the wonderful food! I knew it was going to be great when I tasted the fabulous bread with pesto butter. The bread actually reminded me of my grandmother's fresh baked...some of the best! Once the appetizer came, I began to realize that Eddie's was turning out to be my new favorite restaurant. Mo' Rockin' Shrimp cannot be missed! And the entrees were unbeatable! I had a fish entree and my husband had the meatloaf. Both were perfectly prepared. And I love the idea of the "half entree"; it allowed us to order an appetizer, entrees AND dessert and not leave the table overstuffed. It was a perfect evening. Yes, this is my new fave restaurant. We can't wait to go back....my husband and I have already decided what we'll order for next time!
2	I went to Eddie's House last night with the BF and two friends for restaurant week and it was a terrible experience. First of all, I had made a reservation for 7:30 more that a week in advanced and we waited until 7:50 to be seated. This was a bad omen, because, as it turns out, the whole night was made up of waiting. Our waiter (who did not share his name, unfortunately because I would tell anyone to avoid him at all costs) was terrible. TERRIBLE. He came by 4 times before taking our order when we were ready after 5 minutes. Each time was a weird excuse. First time he came by I asked for a restaurant week menu, he said 'a restroom menu?' Why would I say that, then I ordered a glass of moscato and he's like the XXXX (whatever brand it was) and i looked down and it was the ONLY moscato.... I was like ya... WTF? So I screamed what I wanted and he's like oh.... sorry.... I can't hear. Then he said 'Oh hey, I'll be back to explain things.' Explain what? we're clearly ready! 'Oh hey, are you ready to order? Well let me go take the order of that big table back there and I'll be back to take yours' (real quote) WHAT? Seriously? We waited over 40 minutes to order. What's worse, is that we looked over like where the ef is this guy, and he was chatting at the bar!!! What, were we not wearing the right clothes? Were we not hip enough to be served? Or was it that we were ordering off the restaurant week menu, are we not ordering enough to get service? Come on. So he finally took our order, and we each ordered all three courses at once, because who knew when he would decide to come back. We got drinks, everyone got beer, except me who ordered the moscato. This was good, but was served in basically a thimble, it was the smallest glass of wine I have ever seen. Then we waited... and waited... and waited. We ate the whole basket of bread (which was great, but overshadowed by our terrible service). We got our appetizers, we had at least one of each available (a peach soup, a salmon flat bread, and a fetoush salad). The soup was really weird, not bad, just different. The salad was overpoweringly oniony, but still tasted good, although it was supposed to have toasted pita and had one tiny piece... and supposedly the flat bread was good, but I don't like salmon, so I didn't try it. Then the waiter came by and said 'oh we're really busy tonight, that's why it's taking a long time for the food) Notice there was no apology or accommodation of any kind. He also asked if we wanted bread with dinner, we said yes, but no bread ever came... weird. We waited and waited and finally out food came. I ordered the chili chicken, the two boys ordered the meatloaf, and my other friend ordered the shrimp. I thought the chicken had a good flavor, but was really dry. The meatloaf was fantastic! It was really quite delicious, with onion strings, mushroom jus, and mashed potatoes... yum. Supposedly the shrimp were really spicy, but again, I didn't try it. We ate everything, so again, the food was good, the service was awful. So then the waiter comes by (about 10-15 min after we had finished) and says, oh do you still want dessert? um.... yes, we ordered it and it comes with our meal.... he says 'oh, cuz I think we just ran out of the pot de creme, but I'll look' Well two people had ordered the pot de creme TWO HOURS AGO!!!! Why weren't they left aside? 'Oh we had 200 more people show up tonight that expected' Well, We had a reservation, so it is not our fault that you cannot staff your restaurant appropriately or turn away customers when you are too busy to handle new diners. It does not make sense. What kind of greedy restaurant is this that they can't refuse a table when people who told them they came to eat there can't even get anything off the dessert menu. It turned out they had one left, then the other person who ordered it said, oh ok, i'll have the peach crisp then....'oh, well we're out of that too cuz like it's made fresh from peaches and we didn't buy enough for all of the extra people....' Maybe if we had been served in a TIMELY manner instead of over two and a half hours, they wouldn't have run out. Oh, and maybe if the jerk who was our server had put aside the desserts for us when we ordered it over TWO HOURS before the time when we actually got dessert, that would have been nice too. The desserts were good, the pot de creme was the best, the rest of us got a 'tiramisu' which tasted like cookie dough ice cream.... not exactly what I want in a tiramisu, but fine, I guess. Finally, we get the check (around 200$, so clearly we didn't spend enough money to warrant any service) and we right out how we want the bill split between the two couples, The waiter comes by, and the BF starts saying, oh we wrote down the amounts we want on each card. The snarky jerk waiter says 'Oh, you mean follow the directions, ok.' So much attitude! So rude. I wish we left no tip, cuz that's what was deserved. NEVER AGAIN.
1	Food was ok, service sucked!
3	Server was on it and the patio was great for the weather.  The bar and interior is pretty small so I can't imagine this place can do too well in the summer.  The half portion option was nice especially since the prices were ,to me, a bit more then they should be.  The food was fantastic so it makes sense coming from a popular and award winning chef's restaurant.  The location is great for old town but for some reason I am just not crazy about the lay out.
5	My first visit to Eddie's house was really an exceptional dining experience. We were seated a one of the oversized wooden four tops overlooking the patio from one side and peering into the kitchen from the opposite. I was facing the kitchen and enjoyed watching the action and seeing all the enticing entrees and apps coming out. It was also cool to see Chef Eddie doing his thing back there and working just as hard as any of his employees. The decor of the place reminded me of a southern country club: dark, rich colors, nice but not pretentious, and comfortable.We started with two orders of the Mo'rockin shrimp, one per couple because they were so highly touted. After my first bite I was so thankful we had done so. First,they tasted incredible!!! So many flavors in one bite- I could lick the plate and die happy! Second, there are only four shrimp per order and no one deserves only one bite of those delicious little morsels. I questioned the biscuit balls at first glance but after splitting one in half and sopping up the remaining sauce on the plate I understood how tasty and functional they were. My side of the table split a Caesar  salad that had great dressing but was a tad hard to eat for me because it was not chopped. I made lots of noise chopping it myself, but still managed to make it work. My other half was not pleased with the chopped olives sprinkled on top, but I liked the extra favor acidity they added. For dinner I had the whole portion of sea bass and it was literally perfect. I can't say I have ever had better. It was served with some gorgeous and just as tasty broccolini. Sharing is a common occurrence among the four diners who were present, so I got to taste a little bit of everyone's! My guy had "what's in my steak",  which looked like a giant edible softball on a plate, but tasted like a big sweet hug from grandma! Comfort food extraordinaire!  It reminded me of something Willy Wonka would make. Crazy looking but scrum-diddily-umptious! The tuna and halibut from "east meets west " were both excellent, and the golden beet slices that accompanied the scallops were delish. Finally, for dessert the birthday boy in our group chose the "chocolate pot du creme". Holy mother of all that is chocolate! This was amazing!! It looked and tasted like liquid fudge. It was incredibly rich and decadent and perfect to share. All of this deliciousness, accompanied by two bottles of La Crema Chardonnay,  plus my lovely dining companions equalled a five star review and a lasting memory of a wonderful night.
2	I made a reservation for 6:30pm and we arrived just before that. We were told that our table was not ready yet, but it would only be 3 minutes before we were seated because we were next. We went to the bar to have a glass of wine as we waited.  During this time the hostess sat 2 other parties of 4 in front of us. Each time I asked about our table and she would say 'oh, yes, you are next but your table isn't ready'. Finally, at 7:20pm, we were seated at our table. We were told, by the hostess, the delay was because of the lobster special. I find that strange because the couple at table next to us said that you had to order the lobster in advance with your reservation so I doubt that was the actual cause. My wife ordered the Famous Steak. I get concerned any time a restaurant butterflies a filet, but it sounded good. My wife asked that it be prepared medium rare and was very specific because after the steak is cooked it is covered in mashed potatoes and baked again. Unfortunately, the steak came out medium well. We sent it back and did get another one cooked properly. However, by the time the replacement steak came out we were almost done eating. I ordered the meatloaf based on our servers recommendation. I thought it was just average and really did not care for the crispy (aka burnt) edges. The other couple we were with ordered the East meets West (surprising small portion) and the burger. There was no ketchup on the plate with the burger and by the time some arrived at the table the burger had gotten cold. Drinks from the bar were slow as well. It took over 10 minutes for a vodka on the rocks to arrive. Our server was fantastic and we did feel bad making our concerns known because we knew that she would be held responsible even though the wait and over cooked food was not her fault. Eddie's wife stopped by the table and we politely told her about our dining experience.  We were not looking for any type of handout, we just wanted her to know what was going on in her restaurant.  She was very nice and sent over a round of desserts and invited us to call her before our next trip back. Overall the food did not live up to what we were expecting. Maybe we caught them on a bad night. We might go back to try it again, but not if we would have to wait 40 minutes after our reservation time for a table.
1	Went back in on 5/27/11 at 4:00.  Check #48209.  The only other people were a couple across the bar.  We were hoping to dine, but found out that it was happy hour only at the bar with only apps avail.  Fine.  We sat at bar.  The bartender, B14 came up and asked if I was familiar with happy hour.  I said, no, but I'll just have a Coke for now.  Then came the disappointed and flat, "Oh."  She turned to my husband.  He asked what kinds of happy hour specials they had.  1/2 off all apps, and some drinks.  He asked for water and that he'd think about a martini.  She brought me my Coke.  It tasted flat and dirty.  She came back later.  Husband wound up ordering a Guiness for $5.00.  B14 was rude when he asked for a taste of something she had offered, when she said that they didn't have taps, only cans and bottles.  Told her that my Coke tasted wrong and that it was okay and that I'd just have water.  She took my Coke, turned without saying anything and threw the iced drink in the well with a crash and walked away.  VERY RUDE!  A few minutes later, a tall guy came around with a cola and said to try this one.  I did and it was better but I still didn't want cola any more.  Pepsi products are the only products sold there.  That wasn't the problem.  Dirty taps or whatever.  The guy was friendly, but also slammed the Pepsi in the well with a crash of ice and carelessness.App time.  Husband asked for recommendation and she said the lamb was great!  Husband ordered the lamb and sopes - beef on some sort of hard, awful corn cake thing.  Very awful and very old tasting.  Just getting rid of leftovers, it seemed.  NOT FRESH AT ALL!  The lamb was heavily spiced.  It seemed fine after a bite or two, but those sopes...no way!  The hummus served with the lamb was alright.  We were going to hang out until dinner time, but the way we were treated for not ordering more booze, and I know that was B14's problem.  I could hear her saying in her mind, "Oh, great, now there's 1/2 my tip - gone!  Why try?"  She faked a few smiles and such, but you could tell that her heart wasn't in it.  I hope to go back again, even at this slow time.  We were about to enjoy being the only ones there but our bartender's attitude ruined it.  I really did love my first time at this location.  Hummmmmmm.
4	I would never have thought from it's quiet exterior that when I opened the door, the place would be bustling!  What have I missed!?I love this place!  I ordered a burger and fries for only $12.00 ($12.00 is cheap for a good burger in Scottsdale), and it was absolutely the best I have tasted in...as long as I can remember.  The pretzel roll made artwork of a burger!I love the prices and what I especially love (LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE) is that you have the option of a full or half order for almost every entree on the menu!  How sweet is that!?  (And health conscious!)Can't wait to get back there!
4	Delicious food and great atmosphere. Not sure why it took us so long to try this restaurant but we will definitely be back. We arrived for our reservation and had to wait a few minutes for a table so we took advantage of the $5 cocktails at he bar. Table was ready and we had amazing bread on the table with a pesto sauce. Husband had the burger on pretzel and could not stop raving about it. I had the short rib which was really tender. We will definitely be back.
4	Nice decor / atmosphere.  It was a little busy so I would definitely recommend a reservation, or perhaps it was just our timing being near Valentines Day and all.  The food was good quality, fresh, but I honestly wasn't blown away.  It was good, it just wasn't 5-star great!  I imagine it was more my menu choice than anything, and I would definitely go back and give it another try.
5	Great comfort food!
4	I really like this place. I have been numerous amt of times and I keep wanting more. The friendly bartenders, the exciting chef  (Eddie). The best part of this place besides the good food and comfort level is their ALL Night Happy Hour. Yes All night $5 dollar specialty cocktails like an espresso martini or wines of the day. All first courses (apps) are half off too. The apps includes, lambchops ($19), Tuna tartar with wonton chips ($9) and so much more. Great s[ot and yearning for more since last night.
4	My second visit to Eddie's House was even better than the first.  The restaurant has an original menu with delectable twists!  I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and the service.I try my best to stay away from bread before the meal but this place makes that impossible.  I haven't figured out the secret to the butter/pesto combination served with the warm bread here but it is incredible.  If you want to overdose on carbs, this is the way to go out!  For dinner I had the fetoush salad and the chilean sea bass, served with broccoli.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  Can't wait to get back.
4	We've started making Eddie's House a regular friday routine. Tonight he had Lebanese specials made by his mama. The stuffed squash and green beans in tomato sauce were awesome. My kids swear by the mac and cheese and they love the spices on the flatbread.
4	I found Eddies because I wanted lobster and yelp told me he had it. I made a reservation on yelp because their website said that I couldn't make one there, and the place seemed busy enough that I was happy I made them. First, the decor is amazing (extra star just for the amazingly giant, but light door) and love the wall behind the bar. We sat in some of the free standing 2-seat tables and got to sit in this super large chairs that made me feel like I was 5. Love them!I didn't end up ordering the lobster that I had been craving (I have a thing about paying a lot of money for just a lobster tail) but they did have an incredible selection. We were there on a night when the chef's mom was in town and so they had a special menu of Lebanese dishes that sounded delicious. Regardless, I was immediately drawn to the famous, one and only what's in this steak. If you don't know what it is, you should ask. It comes out looking like a caramel covered apple but really its a fried ball of potato and filet mignon! YUM! I also got the prosciutto mac and cheese (who can say no to salty meaty cheesy things) which was also amazing. They only get 4-stars because the dessert was not awesome. Blackberry decadence chocolate cake was decadent however I couldn't find any blackberry and that was the main reason I wanted it. Love the service and will be back again.
3	Another date night with the Hubs, but this time he thought to try somewhere new I've been wanting to go- so he picked up a localdines coupon and we headed to Eddies House. First off, I did like the decor, but the tables were somewhat close together, so this didn't provide much privacy for date night conversation... but alas, we were here for food... I left Eddies House somewhat confused and very underwhelmed. After such great reviews, I'm not sure why our experience was so much different. Maybe it was our waiters complete apathy for showing any kind of friendliness or excitement for what he is doing. Or maybe it was simply the food itself. We shared the shrimp appetizer, which was fine... maybe a bit too spicy for me and the dough balls had NO flavor and were hard as a rock. I ordered the meatloaf, as many people on yelp raved about it - I did think it was good, but nothing I would rave about. The Hubs had the sea bass and liked the lemon addition, but that was about it. After trying his I really felt it was way too salty and nothing too special. The half portions are really small, so beware. They were a good size for me, but the Hubs was left hungry after his. We got dessert, even though nothing really sounded great - had the cookie tiramisu, which was nice for an ice cream dessert (which I wasn't expecting it to be), but nothing special or memorable. I found it interesting that Eddie, the owner, said hello to every table but ours, as I was watching to see if he would. Maybe he just personally knew all those people, but either way I felt a little left out. So, in my opinion Eddies house was ok, but not a place, based on our experience, I will be going back to anytime soon.
5	Been a fan of Eddies through the years, even showed up for a New Years Dinner to find out the old restaurant had a fire. Lebanese food is awesome, more flavor than your mouth can comprehend in each bite. If I had one last restaurant to visit as a last wish....Eddies would be the place.P.S. Moroccan Shrimp is a must.
4	The place has a lot of character. Comfortable chairs with pillows, artwork all over the walls, pictures framed on a table. The service was great and everyone is very friendly. The bread and butter they bring out is dangerous so be warned. The butter has this green sauce that I think has basil and lemon in it. It is amazing and i ate the whole thing. For appetizers we got the seafood wontons that come in an apricot sauce. They were excellent. We also got the lamb shanks which come with hummus. There were 3 pieces so not really great for sharing and I thought it would be better if it came with a sauce instead of hummus because that tends to give a dry texture to it. I love how you can get half portions on almost all of their food. The half portions are very filling too, esp since I gorged on the bread and butter. I got the salmon and they were nice to substitute the carbonara with asparagus risotto and cauliflower. It was cooked perfectly. The person I was with ordered the "what's in the steak". It was a piece of steak with mash potatoes and I think it was fried. It looked like a ball and came with veggies. It was perfect. The whole atmosphere and food made it an enjoyable night. I will be coming here a lot more.
3	I was really excited to eat here but found the experience to be underwhelming.  I'm glad we made reservations; the place was BUSY.  We were offered a table near the kitchen but it was private compared to all the other tables that seemed really close together. For the most part, the food was tasty and the service was good- but not for the price.  For apps we got the Mo'rockin Shrimp & flatbread.  I really like the sauce that the shrimp was covered in and I really loved the dough balls especially dipped in the sauce.  We also had the flatbread with a BBQ styled chicken.  That was okay, honestly very similar to the BBQ chicken pizza I make at home.  For dinner my hubby got the steak ball, he liked it. I got a half order of the sea bass with the candied broccolini.  Instead of the broccolini my dish was served with asparagus!  Really!! No one even mentioned/apologized that they were out of broccolini.  Maybe they thought I wouldn't notice.  When I mentioned it to the waiter he sort of bumbled through some excuse of running out and appalled that no one came out to tell me that they had run out (ummm, isn't that your job?).  We made the mistake of ordering the Pot du Creme for dessert.  It was gross!  It tasted a cheap chocolate filling- bad sugary chocolate goo.  On our way out Eddie (who was standing talking to the hostess) asked us how everything was.  We said fine and I made a joke about the missing broccolini and he was like oh yeah, we've been having a hard time getting it because it has become more expensive then asparagus. Ahh, so the truth... they didn't have any.  He offered to take care of it next time! (really, that's not cool, such a cop outl)  In a nutshell, the restaurant is good, but nothing amazing. I don't think I'd go back.
1	The good news? The $60 wine was awesome. The bad news? Happy hour prices were just ten feet away at the bar. For the unfortunate diner, not seated at the bar, the wine list could definitely use more reasonable price points for glasses and bottles.While folks crave true value for the indulgent meals, Eddie's is serving up over salted scallops and greens plus $36 untrimmed rib eyes.  Cute paper menus are stained from previous diners. No bread or extras served at those prices but they will allow the bread plates to hang on the small table all night.Folks would be more rewarded dining at the stiff competition in this neighborhood.
4	Food was pretty fresh, with a mix of different cultures the taste was good, I liked how the settings were a mix from a nice trendy restaurant, but with a bunch of different things hanging all over the place, like family collections, from pictures, paint and art even to a bicycle..... that was interest. something it was not so good about it, was that music too loud and tables too close to each other, that was a turn off, since is  not a regular economic "relaxing" restaurant to go.....
4	I will need to go back to firm up my impression.  With that said, went there on a birthday and enjoyed the meal.Lavosh that was for the table was nice as was the pesto that accompanied it..Lamb chops with humas was really good.  Sea bass, probably the nicest best prepared and tasting one I've had in recent meals.  Really good.   1/2 order portion was enough too.Mac-n-cheese side was the only real miss.  Salty and not very cheesy flavor, and runny vs good and creamy and cheesy.  Would not get again. Atmosphere, music (contemporary) and service all good.  Service was really good and stood out....I liked my time there...  Will go back....  Will take business guests too..Not a 5 just because of the Mac-n-cheese.
2	I went here for lunch with a client, expecting a lot.  I mean, It is Eddie's, and he has been around a long time.  I am sad to say I was quite disappointed in the food.  It was mediocre at best, and it was expensive for what we ordered.
5	Huge fan of the bacon infused meatloaf and the what's in it steak! Make sure you get the tiramisu for dessert. Great ambiance in there. I bring friends and family in there whenever they're visiting from out of town. Solid restaurant to have in my repertoire. I'm pretty new to cooking but am very adventurous and have to say that Eddie's concoctions provide a lot of inspiration. He likes to take an unorthodox approach to his recipes....I think he refers to it as a melting pot of cultures approach. Pretty cool how Chef Eddie will come out and mingle with the patrons too. One complaint is that his menu is somewhat limited but get on his email list!!! Always sends out great specials (1/2 off entrees) and has different special menu items every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night. FYI: Check out some of his cooking classes up at Sub Zero sometime too. Very good $30 investment considering you get a three course meal, commentary and instruction from Eddie, wine, 3 hours of entertainment, and you still get to take the recipes home with you!
4	Went one night when it was buy one entree get one free (which I learned about from being on their email list). We started off with the seafood wontons which were in a really great spicyish apricot sauce. I had the scallops, which were cooked really well. They were served with some kind of greens... mustard, perhaps? And I did not think it complemented the scallops at all.There were 4 scallops and I was perfectly full after having some of their great bread and the appetizer, but just beware. The half order I assume would only have...2?...Ben got the salmon/halibut plate and the salmon was amazing, but the halibut was a little tough/overcooked and topped with cheese which also didn't seem to complement the fish.He had a glass of some kind of red wine which he loved and I got the sangria special they had that night. The sangria was good, but not worth the $12 it cost. (we were trying to be 30 min early for our reservation in order to sit in the bar and have half price happy hour, but alas we ran late)We didn't have the world's most friendly server, but he was attentive.
4	Delicious! spent the last Mother Day there and it was a great spread! It is pricey, but worth the interesting, exotic but oh so good flavors. Good Happy Hour all night at the bar area, I recommend the chicken lollipops. I usually do not like dark meat chicken, but I would eat this again and again!!! Service was polite and friendly.
4	They had me at Happy Hour all day, every day (closed Sunday).  The Bar offers continuous happy hour with half price cocktails, beers, wine, and appetizers.  Everything I've had is excellent including Mo' Rockin Shrimp, Mint Pesto Grilled Lamb Chops and Toasted Horseradish-Mashed Potato Stuffed Shrimp.  The quality of bar service depends on how busy they are -- expect busy and slow -- the food and drinks are worth savoring so not a problem unless you are in a hurry.
4	6 Words: Toasted Horseradish-Mashed Potato Stuffed Shrimp Yeah...that happened...and it was amazing. I love that the eccentric Chef Eddie Matney was walking around in an orange vest looking like he was all geared up and ready for his Alaskan cruise (he's going on a cruise apparently in 2012 and if you go - he's cooking! Bravo!) In my opinion, the success of a business relies on involvement of it's owner/creator and from the sounds of it he's always there. I have a huge amount of respect for that.They had just sourced a new wine from Lebanon - Chateau Musar "Jeune Rouge" 2009, where the wine is aged in cellars that have served a dual purpose, as they made excellent bomb shelters for the local people during a civil war in the late 80's. I'm on a Rhone kick right now and it was different and fun to try - and apparently half off bottles at 8pm on a Thursday?Not a big appetite so just ordered some starters, one being the seafood wontons with vodka voodoo sauce which was amazing and the lamb. Yum. You get what you pay for, I feel the prices were very fair but most important it was a very comfortable atmosphere. Being that it's so close to some of my favorite places...PAWS Salon (for the dog), Valley Ho and Coach House...I'll definitely be stopping in more regularly now!
4	The food was great, the bartender Danny, really affable.  Smaller portions here are more about tasting good food as opposed to tasting really big quantities.  We were there on a Saturday night, quite busy, and the service showed it.  They recognized their slow service and made up for it by providing dessert on the house, a very nice gesture.We have been there several times and will continue to go back.PS - the appetizers are half price at the bar all night long.
4	Fun food with a sense of humor  ( the what's in this steak ) , comfort and celebrities to be spotted . ( Athletes and Food Network Stars) We've been here before and have always enjoyed everything.This time we decided to try both specials of the evening since they sounded so good and we were given a sample of  the sauce of one to try .One meal was the lamb shoulder with bolognese sauce that came with wax beans , brussels sprouts and potato croquettes , everything on this plate was great and well thought out . This was a very comforting dish .The other was short rib with crab and sweet potato gnocchi . The rib and crab were good . The sweet potato gnocchi had good flavor but were too heavy and dense for my liking .The menu here has a lot of variety  and includes several seafood dishes .I didn't encounter any problem here using my preferred restaurant card getting me one meal for free . Eddie's House is among my favorites in old town Scottsdale .
2	Our trip to Eddie's House was messed up because the cook couldn't cook the large pork chop well done.  My wife sent it back.  They cooked it more and it still came out pink in the middle.  What a shame, because it looked really good.  But my wife won't eat any pink meat.  She did really like the side that came with it, which is good because she never did get to eat the pork chop. The manager took the cost of the dish off our bill.My scallops were very good, but the half order was only two large scollaps.  The salad was good, but unusual.  Sorry I can't recall the name of it.The chocolate cake was very good too.Our waiter was very nice, and always on top of whatever we needed.We over heard two other groups of customers complaining their burgers weren't cooked to order.  I think they should give the cook a meat thermometer for Christmas.  No, better yet, get it for him today for the sake of tonights customers.The decor was nice.  I did feel the tables were too close together.  We had a hard time getting between the other tables to get to ours.  And we were so close to the next table that their conversation dominated our space.With all the great restaurants in town I'm not sure if we will go back to Eddie's.  Too bad, because we were a fan of Eddie's previous restaurants.
2	We've been here a few times and really want to love the place, but Eddie's always seems to disappoint us.  The food is generally good but not stellar and for the price, it's probably not worth it either.  Service has generally been okay.  We've made reservations every time we go and it seems that's the way we ensure an extra-poor experience.   One visit was for our anniversary and we'd requested outdoor seating.  No problem except they also had a LARGE and loud party scheduled which took over 85% of the patio.  IF they arrange these events in advance (and they must) WHY would a reservation for 2 not be atleast warned of the possible conflict?  Poor management planning.  A recent visit delivered a similiar experience.  We were seated near a large party that had several tables pushed together and flowed over into another several tables where about 10 young unattended children were seated.  Great fun - for them.  I guess if eating at Eddie's House is like eating at His House, then I have been made to feel like an uninvited guest.  Won't be in a hurry to return to your House, Eddie.  P.S.  If you're going to use giagantic wing chairs for your table guests, you should atleast train your wait staff on how to aid your guests into moving them close to the table.  Watching guests try to move this enormous piece of furniture unaided must provide some great humor for the staff and onlookers.
5	Thank you Yelp and thank you Eddie!I was looking for a new place to take my wife for her birthday.  A Yelp search turned up this place.  And, the OpenTable connection right in Yelp for a reservation was apparently a life saver as they were hopping and turning away walk-in's!The PeopleThe people really got our visit off to a great start.  The gentleman bartender (shame on me for not getting his name), immediately greeted us while we were waiting to be seated (as we got there early) and made us feel right at home.  He made the perfect recommendation for my wife - a Lemon-Cherry Martini (I think that's what it was called).  Eddie himself even said "hello," made us feel welcome and exhibited amazing ESP by knowing it was my wife's birthday!  Talking about having the pulse of your customer and business!  Michael, our server, continued with the spirit and made our dinner experience a wonderful experience.The FoodYum!  They offer half-portions, which allow you to try a couple of things and really have an experience.  We had the Diver Scallops and the What's In This Steak.  Both were wonderful!  We started it with Lobster Bisque and ended with a Chocolate Moose.  All in all, my only regret was not ordering one more half portion, or ordering a full portion of something - not because we didn't get enough - but because it was soooo good.But, that's the sweet ending to this.  We will be back to his house as we so much want to try the other dishes and once again experience Eddie's amazing hospitality.
3	I don't really have anything bad to say about Eddie's House, but I have nothing to rave about either.  The BF and I tried this place after buying a Localdines certificate.  We went on a Wednesday evening and I made reservations for 7pm, just to be safe, and it was not necessary as the place was half empty.  The hostess was friendly and seated us immediately....giving us a choice between two tables.  We chose one with the big armchairs that I've read about in other reviews.  The ambiance was nice and cozy, and the temperature was not too hot...not too cold.  We were greeted immediately by a server, who told us right away that he wasn't our server, but he brought us water and asked us if we needed an emergency cocktail while we waited for our actual server.  He was very friendly...we chatted with him for a few minutes.  He told us about the specials and answered questions we had about various menu items.  He then took our drink order and brought us bread.  It took a good 10 minutes to get our drinks which were brought to us by our actual server with an apology for the bartender being backed up.We placed our order.  The BF got the meatloaf and I got the southwestern stack (Halibut layered on a stack of corn tortillas, black beans, veggies, avocado, and a spicy queso over the top.  Our food came pretty quickly and everything tasted wonderful.  No complaints.  Our total bill came to $67...two entrees, two beers, and one Patron Margarita.  We probably wouldn't come back to this place without some sort of discount.  My food was good, but I'd have a hard time paying $25 for it.  I would however, like to try out their Happy Hour, which lasts all night!
1	We "dined" at Eddies this past Saturday evening and I can tell you...WHAT A DISSAPOINTMENT!  First, we made a reservation and showed about 15 minutes early.  Even though there were plenty of empty tables, we were told that our table would not be ready and that we could go to the bar and have some drinks until it was.  OK, we did just that.  Just after ordering our drinks at the bar the hostess came to us and said that our table was now ready.  Not having our beverages in hand we thought it prudent to wait for the beverages (half price at the bar) but hostess said that we would then have to forfeit our table.  OK, so we went to our table without beverages ("no problem" says bartender,  she hasn't yet mixed drinks. )  No problem because the hostess will reorder our drinks at twice the price!  THIS IS A SCAM!  IT LEFT ME WITH A SHITTY TASTE IN MY MOUTH.  On to the food, the inglorious food....  ANOTHER SCAM! Ordered Eddies version of crab rangoon with some kind of sauce, very ordinary (had better in Chinese restaurants.)  After receiving appetizers our server disappeared for about 30 minutes before taking our dinner orders.  Girlfriend ordered East Meets west which she let me sample.  She said it was good.... Im not so sure. Bland and not at all interesting.   I ordered the burger which came with wilted lettuce and mustard so old it had a crust on it.... no kidding!  IF this were my restaurant I would be ashamed to serve food like this.    Also ran out of water during dinner and no one came by to refill or ask how we were doing.  SERVICE?  MEDIOCRE AT BEST!  I have worked in many restaurants in my 46 years and I can tell you there are much better to be had.  Celebrity....if thats what you want, thats what you get.  In all, I won't be giving Eddie's a second chance.  The food is overpriced, mediocre at best and the sales tactics are disgusting.  What an (intentional) ripoff!  Thanks but, NO THANKS!
3	Was recently at Eddie's House for dinner on business, we had a very large group so we took over basically the entire outdoor patio. we all enjoyed the atmosphere as its more relaxed We shared a number of appetizers: flatbread (good kick), lamb chop (over cooked), Shrimp (over fried) . I ordered fetoush salad (dressing too acidic) and had the chilean seabass for entree (great but small in portion)Service was overwhelmed (the fact that we have 60 ppl probably had something to do with it) so overall its an ok spot, pretty average i'd say
2	I'm making some brussels sprouts with bacon for dinner so I was reminded to write a review of Eddie's.We were in AZ for spring training and needed somewhere to have dinner for a party of 6. We went to Eddie's on St. Patrick's Day because they were the only restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale that had a large seafood selection on their menu and we were in the mood for fish. Turns out that the menu they have online is not the same as the one they have in the restaurant but there were still some good seafood options.It was very busy because of the holiday so I expected slower service. Surprisingly the service was not very slow given how busy they were. Our waiter was a bit odd and tried hard to be charming but ended up just being weird. Two ladies at our table decided to split a bottle of wine. He told one he didn't need to see her ID but told the other he needed to see hers. I jokingly said "next time, just ask for both IDs so you don't offend one" to which he awkwardly responded that he thought the woman was about 25. Too little too late but it started our meal off on a funny note. The waiter also seemed pretty condescending about the ladies ordering a "strong" bottle of red wine. Apparently women can't handle bold wines?Many of the items on the menu are available in half portions, which seems nice at first. But, we were told the half portions were tiny so we should order full portions even though we had salads/soups as well. The prices for the half portions didn't even make it appealing to order two half portions so you could try more items. So, I'm not sure why they bother with the half portions.One of the specials was arctic char over kale with gruyere. I love kale, char and gruyere so I quickly ordered that. I also ordered a side of brussels sprouts with bacon and a wedge salad. My salad was good so if you're a fan of wedge salads, order it. My entree arrived but my brussels sprouts did not. By the time I got the waiter's attention, we were nearly half way through our food. Since we were sitting in front of the kitchen I knew my brussels hadn't been made and they wouldn't have time to make them properly. But, our waiter assured me they would be out shortly. I heard the kitchen frantically trying to get the brussels out. When they arrived at the table, they looked moist and raw with some sad, dry pieces of bacon sprinkled around. Against my better judgement, I tried one. It was all but raw. I thought maybe that one just didn't get cooked and tried another. Same deal. The bacon also had no flavor and there was absolutely no seasoning on the sprouts. My friend tried some too and could barely get one down. I told the waiter they were raw and tasted terrible and he said "that's how we cook them here...al dente." I don't know about you, but brussels sprouts are not a vegetable I like undercooked. They are bitter and hard if you don't cook them thoroughly. They were taken off our bill without me asking so that was good.Back to the arctic char. The fish was cooked well and had nice flavor. Unfortunately the chef seems to hate vegetables so the kale was absolutely drowning in gruyere. I couldn't actually taste any kale. The kale was just a delivery device for the cheese which is a shame, because I love kale as much as I love brussels sprouts. My friend also ordered the char and kept asking why it was so salty. It wasn't actually salty, it was just that there was so much cheese that it seemed salty.My boyfriend had the lobster bisque and the scallops. Both were good. The scallops were cooked perfectly. They make for a light dinner though so make sure to order something else with them. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals.On our way out, we met Eddie. He is very friendly and personable and I hate leaving this poor review but I have to be honest about our experience so they can improve. I asked Eddie about the brussels sprouts and he said he does undercook them but they shouldn't have been raw. He admitted he didn't taste them before they went out and apologized. They had a crew there filming the restaurant for a show on Food Network so maybe we'll see Eddie on TV. If we go back to Scottsdale I don't know that we'll go to Eddie's again. But that doesn't mean I don't think you should try it. Just don't get the brussels sprouts or any vegetable with cheese.They do have a bar area that looked pretty happening if you're looking for a place to grab a drink and a quick meal.
2	After a pleasant first impression (decor, great chairs), the food quality was mostly boring (Moh-rockin' salmon is surprisingly bland), the service unacceptable (got my entree order wrong, got the check wrong).  Considering their prices, I expected better.
1	Let's start with the fact that we didn't get noticed for 15 minutes by any wait staff.  Then once we were noticed by a waiter (not ours) our waiter got in an argument over the fact that it was "her" table.  We didn't get the salad until we asked for it. (it came right away) then our entre was delivered to the table before we were finished with the salad.At this point the food would have had to been fantastic, and it was edible at best.  Let's just say my mom's meatloaf would put there's to shame.....
2	This meal was pretty disappointing.  My husband and I have been getting hummus from Eddies stand at the old town farmer's market for months and love it so we were really excited to go and try the restaurant.  When we went inside the restaurant was pretty empty.  We sat outside.  The patio is really nice.  Our server's name was Mike.  He was amazing.  He chatted with us for a while and was extremely nice.  The restaurant got really busy while we were there and it got harder and harder to get Mike's attention but I can't really fault him for that because I think there was only one other waiter besides him.They give you a bread basket with homemade French bread and flatbread with their blue cheese butter and nutless pesto.  The bread was really good and the butter and pesto were delicious as well.  We started off with the Mediterranean hummus plate which was of course amazing since Eddie's hummus is probably the best I've ever had.   I got the half order of scallops and my husband got the burger medium well.  It came with two scallops and they were cooked really well but I thought the combination of a scallop with blue cheese tasted a little strange, and the sweet potato "hash" was seriously undercooked.  I felt the whole dish was just a little too sweet.  I have a complaint about the size of my half portion.  I think two scallops is a fair amount, my complaint is about the side.  There were maybe 7    1/4 inch squares of sweet potato on my plate.  I really think it should have been more.  I've never really had an entree where the side dish is a quarter the size of the protein.  My husband really didn't like his burger.  It came out so far beyond well done it looked like a hockey puck.  It was also extremely over seasoned.  I love salt, my husband thinks I over salt everything so if I think something is too salty it's a huge problem.  He said the only saving grace of the burger was that the pretzel bun was really good and the waffle fries were good.  We ended our meal with dessert.  My husband got the chocolate bread pudding, and I got the creme brulee.  My husband wasn't impressed with his and I think they should have called mine a creme anglaise instead of creme brulee.  It wasn't a firm custard like brulee should be, but it still tasted pretty good.  Even though the majority of our food wasn't very good we had a nice evening.  We thought we would go back and try some other menu items to see if we had just ordered the wrong things.  That was until the bill came.  They charged us $2 for a side of blue cheese dressing!!!!!  This wasn't a $15 fast food dinner where they need to make money by doing this.  Our bill without any alcohol was over $70.  I think it's really cheap and made me feel like we were being nickel and dimed.  We both decided then and there that we will NEVER go back to Eddies House.  I had a really hard time deciding between 2 and 3 stars.  The service was really great and the appetizer was great, but the entrees and dessert weren't that great and then being made to feel like we were ripped off at the end.  I had to go with the 2 star rating.
5	I ate dinner at the bar and had a great time. I ordered the stuffed shrimp, a caesar salad, and a half order of sea bass. The food was really good the only thing I didn't care for was the salad. The dressing was awesome but there wasn't enough for the whole salad. On top of that they serve the lettuce whole so you have to cut it yourself. I'd rather not work to eat my food. The shrimp had a kick to it but that's expected since it's stuffed with horseradish mashed potatoes. My sea bass was delicious and the half portion was perfect after eating an appetizer and salad. The bartender was very friendly and I was very happy with his service. It seemed like there were a lot of regulars sitting at the bar and they were very friendly. I've seen some pretty harsh reviews on here. I don't see how anybody can't enjoy a meal here. The food is that good.
4	The happy hour at the bar is amazing.... nice wine selection and the hummus appetizer was very tasty.
5	Eddie's House, the best!  Chef Eddie always pleases, flavorful tastes, appealing presentations and wonderful service.  We can count on Eddies House to give us a wonderful dining experience.
2	When I first walk in the place looked nice and the steak smelt so good I got excited for nothing. One their pretzel bun does not even taste like a pretzel. Their burgers suck. I tried my bf steak and it was awful I could have made a better steak at home. The place was so over price for their nasty food that I am so not going back, I'll stick with Jack in the box instead blah.
2	Must've caught Eddie and co on a bad night. Aloof service made more so by our order of mostly small plates...even tho the menu is ideal for such a meal (and it ups the tab). All four plates arrived at the same time, too big for the table!  Just WRONG and so uninspired.  As we emptied and consolidated plates to make room, the empties stacked up and festered for a long time until I took out my camera.  Suddenly a hand appeared in frame and removed them.Specifics:The much lauded shrimp/potato/horseradish app is not so great. Way too much crust around a smallish shrimp. Even when I dissected one, it was hard to discern the flavors and textures.The Mac n cheese is excellent. Large noodles and great cheese taste and texture... As good as there is in the purist category.Cobb salad, large but unremarkable.Seafood wontons, okay but unable to tell you what seafood we were eating...pasty that way.Ahi app (poke style), good fish, decent seasoning.No reason to return.  But if ur in the nabe, check it out.  Maybe they'll be having a better night
1	My partner and I went to Eddie's House prior to her art show opening at a nearby gallery.  We planned on Eddie's as a start to a very special evening.  We were seated on the patio and it took our waiter 7 minutes to greet us and ask us if we would like drinks.  We ordered drinks and waited another 10 minutes for them to arrive.  When he brought them he made no mention of the long wait.  We ordered an appetizer to share and then a large vegetable platter to share as our main course.  He brought everything out at once which was not what we asked for.  We ate our dinner and asked for the bill upon completion as we were leaving to get to the art show.  We waited and waited...and waited.  I went inside to try to find him with no luck.  20 minutes later he brought the bill out.   The food was average and over priced.  We were charged for a small dish of extra pita bread to supplement the original small serving that arrived with the hummus.  All in all it was a disappointing experience due primarily to the dismissive behavior by our waiter.  I called Eddie's House the next day to share my feedback and got Eddie on the phone.   I started telling him about my experience and he he acted like I was interrupting him.    He asked if he could call me right back and confirmed my phone number with me.  He never called back.  I will never return to Eddie's House after this poor example of customer service.  There are too many other quality restaurants in Scottsdale to dine in who treat customers like they are worth the effort to be courteous.
4	The excellence continues at Eddie's House.  Added to my list of favorites are the Toasted Calamari and the Sky Martini with blue cheese olives.
4	Love love the service at Eddie's House.  We came in here on a Friday night around 7 expecting to wait for a seat at the bar but was surprised it was at quarter capacity.  As we sat down, the bartender gave us a great run through of their every day happy hour specials.We got the stuffed shrimp, hummus, charred calamari, and tuna tartare nachos.  The shrimp and hummus was delicious.  The charred calamari was not what I was expecting, but it was spicy and tender.  The only downfall was the tartare.  It had this weird texture to it, and I didn't like the tortilla strips embedded in it.Their happy hour is $5 vodka drinks, $6 wines, and half off all appetizers except for the steak tartare.The service was exemplary with the staff giving us suggestions and constantly checking on us without being overbearing.  I really enjoyed my night here and will definitely be back.
2	Highly disappointing visit during restaurant week.  Salad was amazing - one of the best around.  Tuna tartare was strong - if it had been just one day older, it would have been sent back.  Short ribs in mashed potato crust was interesting, but short ribs were dry.  Fish was excellent.  EVERYTHING need salt!  Deserts were uninspired but tasted okay.  Service was too informal, and disappeared quickly.  Wrong orders deliver several times, and they really weren't that crowded.  Noticed that Eddie and wife weren't there, which may explain the difference from our prior visits.  Wine list is extraordinarily overpriced - 3.5 X markup.
4	This is an old favorite.......fortunately our food has always been great.  From the One & Only steak to the chicken and my favorite chilean sea bass you can't go wrong.  Only one occasion where we were sitted on the patio the service was not up to par.  One time during the weekday Eddie came around to the table and my son 9 years old loved meeting him and Eddie told him he makes the best mac n cheese.  My son to this day still raves at the mac n cheese.  It was a nice touch.  We have taken several friends for their 1st time and they have all enjoyed the experience.
4	Eddie's was a great find while walking around old town. Once I checked the menu I decided to look in yelp and read the reviews, well they were so good we did not hesitate to try it and we were not disappointed. We sat at the bar since we came a bit early, the bartender was so friendly and recommended some of their specials for the happy hour so I tried the cosmopolitan and was not dissapointed.After our party was complete we were seated at the patio and very soon the restaurant was full. The food was very good and so was the service. The meatloaf is delicious and so are the salmon and the scallops.We will be going back for sure!
5	Eddie's House has always been at the top of our list of recommendations when we are asked about Happy Hour and so it is only fitting to start here. If you haven't experienced Eddie's -  what are you waiting for? Seriously. What do you ask, is so good about it? The Lamb Popsicles as we fondly call them, they are to DIE for and a must not miss item on the menu. The real name is Mint Pesto Grilled Lamb Chops and they are served on mint cumin humus. The secret here is that they come with three but you can always ask the server for an extra chop if you are sharing among an even number. We don't want any food fights to break out over that last chop. We are wiling to bet that you have never tasted lamb so tender and scrumptious, they really do melt in your mouth.See the complete review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=579
4	Took my wife for her birthday because she loves lobster and during the summer Eddies House has a weekly lobster special for $25. This week the special was fried lobster and chips. Definitely a unique take on lobster, and my wife really enjoyed it. Other lobster dishes we ordered were the lobster bisque, creamy with lumps of lobster and the lobster Mac and cheese, which arrived at the table steaming hot and the cheese all melty and perfect. Although the price for the side dish was pretty steep at $18, it was a large family-style helping and we brought over half or it home for leftovers. I ordered the sea bass, which had a great buttery flavor that was almost overwhelmed by the seasoning. The seasoning was good, just too much of it. The restaurant has full and half versions of several of their entrees and the half portion of the sea bass was plenty at 4 oz, especially after eating an appetizer and salad. They have a unique take on a Caesar salad with a head of romaine wrapped up with a homemade dressing and anchovy paste drizzled over the top. You can request extra anchovies, if you like. Finally, our waiter, Michael, was superb. Very attentive, but not overbearing   Provided several suggestions on the menu, with it being our first visit, and even provided a free dessert to-go for my wife's birthday.  The tab was a little more expensive than we expected, but the quality of the food and the customer service was top-notch.
1	Eddie's House was not that great  . We went there for dinner with a group ,the waiter entertain us so nice ,our appitizer  was  calamari its was chewy ,i ordered there chicken asiago   it was so salty  and also there chicken pot pie was salty too,we wait so long for our food ,There dessert is taste good i got the bread pudding .
5	Went there for the first time last night to celebrate a friends birthday.  OMG!  The porkchops were unbelievable. Met the owner, Eddie.  Good friends, great food  doesn't get any better than this. Going back this weekend.
1	Was with a group of 9, slow service...it was croweded and the waitress hardly saw our table.  People just ordered mutlipe drinks at a time anticipating slow service.Ordered the most expensive thing on the menu, the rib-eye.  Worst piece of meat I've ever had.  One half was cooked rare, the other half was medium...with more fat on it then meat.  Waitress asked me to be honest about how it was and I said ok, and that was the end of it...thanks.  Never again.
5	Three words: bacon infused meatloaf. I could end my review right now and that would be all you'd need to know to make your decision. I am shocked this place has a 3.5 star average because my experience here was nothing short of 5 stars. The atmosphere here is casual but classy and it's the perfect location for a date night or a night out with family or friends. The open kitchen allows the guest to see the chef create the masterpiece and the staff is extremely friendly every step of the way. But the food is really what makes this place a 5 star in my book. I don't often eat meatloaf, but when I do, I want it to be sublime. This was more then sublime, it was heaven with every bite! I don't know how they infused bacon into the meatloaf, but there was a delicious taste of bacon with every single bite. I also liked the fact that I could order a half order and trust me, the half order is still extremely large! The burger here is also spectacular, as well as the Mo' Rockin Shrimp with chili-beer dipping sauce, dough balls. This restaurant is a hidden gem and one I wish I made my way to more often. PS - for all you locals out there, the vibe of Cookin' Jacks still lingers and in a good way. It brings back memories!
5	I went there for happy hour and had every appetizer they offered and each was excellent. The service and drinks were also top-notch.
4	We kicked off Restaurant Week here and had a great time.  The ambiance is great and they have music that can be a little loud but definitely not as obnoxious and distracting as some other Scottsdale establishments.For first course we had spinach salad and the lamb slider (says plural on the menu, but you only get one).  The slider didn't have a ton of flavor that I like.  It was complex but on the bland side and I don't like the taste of rye..  The spinach salad was great and love the little fried balls of cheese.Second course my friend chose the Honey-spiced drumsticks with mac n cheese, which portion wise was huge, and I got the pork chop with stuffed jalapenos, less thrilling portion wise.  The drumsticks were pretty good but my favorite was the mac and cheese.  The stuffed jalapenos were good but I didn't enjoy the pork chops so much.  It was sweet, and not too dry but somehow not very exciting.For dessert my friend chose the apple cobbler a la mode which was great although it was very thin (it was very wide and thin, so lots of crumble and less filling).  I picked the upside down pineapple farina cake.  I didn't know what farina was, and still really don't, but it tastes like a sweet corn muffin.  Not a huge fan after the pineapple ran out.All in all, the atmosphere is pretty awesome and its cool that you can see the kitchen.  The service is great yet not overbearing.  The Restaurant week menu is worth a try although the portions seem uneven.  The passion for food is there, just hidden or steam lost at times.
5	We started by walking in thru one of the biggest doors I have ever seen - into a restaurant full of excellent ambiance. For starters, we split the rolled mozzarella with tomatoes, and a Cesar salad that featured fresh Parmesan cheese, olive tapenade, and a very savory dressing. My date had the herb chicken with fingerling potatoes and spinach - chicken was perfectly cooked and delicious. I had the grilled salmon over angel hair pasta with mushrooms.  Watching the owner cook our meals was a real treat. Our dinners were both perfect. Our service staff was helpful and attentive. On our way out, Eddie took time to shake our hands and asked how we enjoyed our night. I do not give many 5 star reviews, but our entire experience at Eddie's House was wonderful. We are very much looking forward to returning.
4	Eddie goes to great lengths to welcome you to his little nook in the neighborhood.   That is nice but it is the food that ensures regular patronage.  There are just enough things on the menu and the environment is comfortable enough to keep you from trying a new place on a Thursday night.  On my most recent visit the pan seared cod was buttery, optimally flavorful, and cooked perfectly.  Great spot.  Maybe if I keep going Eddie will reveal his fly fishing secrets.
1	Would you like bad service, long wait times for your food and a big glob of grisly fat in your steak quesadilla? Then this is the place for you. But wait..you get more, a large amount of hummus with a very small amount of pita and when you ask for more pita you get charged for it.  The hummus and pita proportions are off by 100%.  Come on Eddie $2 for an extra pita when there is not enough on the plate to begin with..really??  The most disappointing part of our meal was the lack of concern by our waitress, my friend almost threw up after chewing on the large piece of fat and she didn't even ask us if we wanted anything else, if she could get us anything..she only charged us for the pita and forgot to take the quesadilla off our bill.  But she was very quick to grab the quesadilla off our table after seeing the piece of fat. Bad service. Bad food. Bad time.
5	Amazing food, great ambiance, and good service. We sat at the Chef's table/bar and it was a great experience. The best thing we ate, hands down was the calamari! Everything else was great including the recommended cocktail.
1	I don't know what's up with Eddie??? I always found him to be pleasant, and really taking care of the customers. However on the 17th of November we had a birthday party of 19 people, and they gave us one waitress. We sat down at 7:00 pm and our main course came at 9:15. No real big deal but one person can't handle a table of 19, and we were having fun. So one of the guest's had ordered the $12.00 burger along with a salad and told the waitress no Mayo because he can't stand it at all. The burger comes out and it has Mayo on it, and he tells the waitress. She was not at fault, and had written it down clearly. He asked for a new one, and she comes back and say's Eddie cooked the hamburger and refused to cook a new one but would make him a new bun. He didn't want that because he hates Mayo that much, so there was no problem taking it off the tab, but Eddie would not make a new one. LOL. What's up Eddie??? I don't understand at all, you take it off the bill because you screwed up, but refuse to make another burger that you would have been paid for.  Then you end up looking like a fool in front of the other eighteen people. My daughter has even taken one of your classes, and said what a great guy you are. Really, Really bad PR that night and the next birthday party wont be at Eddie's House. Great time that night, but the ending leaves a very bad taste in 19 people's mouth.
2	Sweetie and I have passed by several times and have always wanted to stop in. It's really an appealing place from inside and out.  We really wanted to love it but sadly we couldn't. The room itself is fabulous but the food and service just don't hold up. First it took forever to get attention and drinks. My general rule is to walk out if I'm ignored for 5 minutes and we went well past that ...sweetie was hungry and didn't want to hunt another spot down on a Saturday night and intervened. The waiter seemed more interested in telling us about Eddie on the Food Network than he is in getting our order and was AWOL most of the evening. ...Drinks took about 15 minutes to arrive ....Eddie is more interested in being a celebrity than he is in making sure food gets out....and is properly seasoned. Appetizers took 30 minutes and the manager astutely comped them after we pointed out that we'd been waiting for 25 minutes for food. They would have gone back had they not been free as the grilled calamari was inedibly salty. I mean I like salt and this was headache salty. I had Chilean Sea Bass which was absolutely perfectly cooked but the menu said it was to be served with lemon candied broccolini and instead it was served with lemon zested broccoli. (Yes Eddie there is a difference) Sweetie's salmon was also perfectly cooked but the cloyingly sweet baclava it was served over was kind of off putting and really didn't match up. It also had some odd spice combinations that just didn't work. We skipped desert. There are too many better options in downtown Scottsdale so I don't think we'll be back.
4	we enjoyed the food, server was knowledgeable and attentative. very good for fine dining. we sat outside and theres a great view of downtown scottsdale. this place took our group-on coupons and the place down the road wouldn't. turns out the place down the road closed shortly there after figures. ITS LIKE UR HOMECOOKED AMERICANA FOOD DONE UPSCALE.
2	What started out as a lovely evening quickly headed south once the food arrived.Don't get me wrong. The menu blew me away. Creative dishes. Perfectly writtten descriptions of appetizers that SOUNDED like they would dance on my tongue.Nope.Not here.The food arrived and though it was good (one notch above "decent") it was...Small.I ordered the salmon. All 3 ounces of it.My fiancee went with the filet which, in all of its glory might have been 4 oz.The veggies were overcooked and as with the main entree, sparce.Our drinks were only refilled once and we left wishing we had not just spent $100 on a meal that was fit for a hobbit.
1	No corkage? Really? Welcome to the 1990s.
4	Been here twice the food was great both times. Service was meh but I love the choice of getting a flatbread and a salad and its perfect in size for a meal.
4	So I'm pretty sure that once I have a chance to eat here that it'll be a likely 5 star review.  The overall atmosprehere feels like eat coast swagger and the misplaced west coast decor.  The staff are rediculously friendly and it shows in the locals that come in.  Everyones laughing and enjoying themselves celebrating any type of occasion to be happy.  Granted I only had a chance to enjoy a few cocktails but I'm already in like!  The menu was described at upper tier American fare and after seeing the prices we'll have to see.  Totally love any restaraunt with all the farm animals covered in various states of ohh sooo goodness within their menu and I look forward to getting the time to visit again and have the dining experience.
5	Look, I like to think I'm a regular here because I visit this place more than any other in Scottsdale.  The bar's great.  Food's great.  Service is outstanding.  So, I phoned Dec. 30 to see if I could get bar seats reserved for New Year's Eve...knowing it's first come, first served, and that it would be packed.  Left a message.  Within the hour the Chef personally returned the call, instructed me to just phone ahead 5 minutes before arrival and they would do the best they could.  So, I did.  They didn't have to go out of their way, but they certainly did make it easy to get seating at 8:15 PM on New Year's Eve.  It's the little things, and they do it all VERY well.App menu is outstanding (inc. charred calamari, and lamb chops).  Wines by the glass are solid.  Staff is well trained, and they go out of the way to help you enjoy your experience.  Sit back and enjoy the ride.P.S.  The filet on NYE's special menu was cooked to perfection and nails.  That is all.
2	Two stars for the hostesses, who were very pleasant and friendly, and the fantastic lobster bisque.  I might actually return for the lobtser bisque alone, despite how the rest of my evening went.  The waiter refused to tell us his name (seriously, my husband asked and he would not divulge) and then launched into a personal story about his previous evening that lasted a good five minutes and was not appreciated by this audience.  The menu looked amazing. I ordered the tuna tartar and it was almost inedibly salty, and the crazy thing is I found a piece of boiled potato in it (?!) which is an old chef's trick to draw salt out of oversalted food.  Works sometimes with liquids, not so much with raw fish.  My husband had the lobster bisque, which was beautiful.  I had the East-meets-West entree, and again, holy salt!  The bok choy under the tuna was basically swimming in straight soy sauce.  Also, the parmesan halibut was cooked until it was a hockey puck.  My husband had the prosciutto wrapped filet, and that was actually really good.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things, but my food was awful.  Add in the snarky server, and  I was pretty disappointed, especially since this restaurant always gets such great reviews.
4	Great place good comfort food and excellent owner and service ! I like everything on the menu !
5	Eddie's should be staple of anyone's dinning repertoire. Be sure to signup for notifications of specials deals, meals, and more. I've particularly appreciated being notified about the new things Eddie cooks up. Whether its for lunch, dinner, or just a Happy Hour, Eddie's is a place worth experiencing. Oh!! And if you're a cocktail--bourbon aficionado--be sure to checkout Danny The Bartender.
3	I've been here a few times and like many places it's a little different each time.They always start you with a pretty good bread basket. This time the blue cheese butter was a nice spreading temperature and you top you bread with that pistou sauce that is delicious.We shared the tuna tarter nachos. The tuna seemed very fresh and I liked that it had a lot of texture and flavors to it but some bites were really flame torching hot with very spicy pepper but overall it was still good.I decided to order the special since it sounded really "Special". Soon it arrived and some things I liked and I'm not saying some things were bad but some things I didn't like. I really liked the New Zealand Salmon was really very FRESH TASTING it looked like it was charred too much but it tasted fine and was cooked just the way I like on a higher quality salmon a little less than medium. It was good and a pleasure to eat.  THE HIGHLIGHT of both our meals was the "to die for" perfect fresh baked potato with an insanely delicious wasabi ricotta cheese stuffing. They need to keep that potato on the menu everybody would love it. I have to honest and say my kale was overcooked and oily for my taste. It was suppose to have some kind of ginger sauce on the plate somewhere but all I tasted under the kale was something very salty. Under that amazing delicious potato was an odd kind of soybean mash. I thought it was very odd and also not good for my taste. But maybe for some it might have been very good? However between the fish and the potato I was overall happy with my meal.My husband had the bacon meatloaf. He said it was good with good flavors and moist but his upgrade to prosciutto Mac 'n' cheese was dry and cold. He knows he should have sent it back to be happy since he saw fresh bubbly ones coming out of the kitchen. He also really enjoyed the potato from my plate.I think maybe the food is a little better when Chef Eddie is on the line. He was there but managing other things.Service was very good and Eddies House participates in local dines dot com and the Scottsdale Preferred Card so you can save a bunch of money if you partake in them.3.5 stars I'd go back!
2	I think what's so frustrating about this place is that it could be so great, and yet it's not.  It's in a nice neighborhood and has a nice interior.  I also liked the choices on the menu.  My first time there started off poorly, however.        I arrived around 4:30 and while the restaurant was empty, the bar was full, so I asked the hostess to seat me at a table.  She told me I needed to wait for 5 minutes.  I thought I needed to wait because she assumed I had other people in my party.  I told her it was just me.  She looked at me and said, "I know, I need to finish this."  She was doing the section layout for the night!  Why do I have to wait while she does that? Anyway, she finally sat me outside and I ordered a cocktail.  It took 10 minutes to get it.  I didn't get the complementary bread basket until 10 minutes after I got the cocktail.  The bread was good, but the waiter never asked if I wanted more while I was waiting for my meal (I was starving by that time, after waiting so long).         For my entree, I ordered the "famous"  What's in this steak? and for my sides I ordered lobster risotto and the garlic broccoli spears.  The steak is interesting; it's a nice filet inside mashed potatoes and then flash-fried.  It was delicious and the vegetables on the plate were nice, but very sparse.  But the steak was SO small for the price; only 3 oz. for $19.         The lobster risotto was inedible.  It was so heavily salted (I'm assuming a ton of salted butter and salt were added--with the cheese and lobster already adding savory flavor, there's no need for the extra salt).         The broccoli was underwhelming.  For $8, there was barely anything on the plate and they had no seasoning on them, at all.  It would have been nice if they were broccolinis, but they were just boring, old broccoli stalks, sans garlic.        I finished the entire steak, but thought I would take the broccoli home and season them.  I didn't touch the risotto after the first bite, but they packaged it up anyway, thinking I was just full.  I waited forever and a day for my food to be returned and for my check.  When the check finally arrived, I was told that a sever had accidentally thrown out my side of broccoli, so I had to wait another 15 minutes to get a new batch made (when I got home, I realized the new batch had been over-cooked and were total mush).         While I was waiting for the broccoli, I looked at the check.  They had taken off the charge for the broccoli, but they tried to charge me (no lie) $19 for the side of lobster risotto.  The risotto was the size of my fist and definitely not worth that much; I was outraged!  After talking to my server, it was lowered to a much more reasonable price ($9) but I was pretty fed up at that point.  I also found it odd that after all of that had happened, and my server knew that it was my first time visiting, he didn't have a manager come to my table.  In any case, I won't be returning to Eddie's House again, unless someone else is paying!!
4	I had the pleasure of spending Valentines Day dinner at Eddie's House. I really don't understand some of these bad reviews.. Overall I had a nice experience.We had an 8:45 reservation and were sat probably around 9. I didn't mind the wait because we got to belly up to the bar, have a glass of champagne and visit the nice bartender. Once sat we were immediately served a bread basket accompanied by a pesto spread and bleu cheese butter. The pesto was very tasty. My date and I split a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and an order of the ahi tartar "nachos" appetizer. The tartar was very good and had a few surprising bites with a nice kick of spice. For entrees I had scallops, (obviously) that came served with cauliflower. They were seared perfectly and I very much enjoyed them. My date had a prosciutto wrapped filet. I think. I was too wrapped up in my own dinner to pay much attention. Whoops ;) Honestly the only part of the meal I didn't enjoy was the service. Our waiter was friendly enough but seemed extremely awkward. It was also pretty obvious he was trying to upsell us, which I understand is part of a servers job, but I don't like when it's so blatant. He also made me feel bad about my choice of wine by telling me the last two people who ordered it sent it back. I don't feel like that is something you should share with your customers? Oh well. The awkwardness and pushy salesmanship will not be enough to deter me from returning. Apparently they do all night happy hour in the bar during the week. Sign me up!
5	Best value Happy Hour.  Runs all night everyday, but you must sit in the bar area. Personal favorites include:  chicken lollipops, daily flatbread, and prosciutto Mac n cheese.  Danny and Angelina know how to treat their customers well and are one of the reasons to make this spot a regularity.
4	We went in after a spring training game and sat at the bar. I was surprised to find out the food is like indian/middle eastern. From the outside would have sworn it was a steakhouse, especially with a name like Eddie's. But the food was pretty good, and the bartenders were friendly, talking us into some Tequila shots.
5	We celebrated our Anniversary here and had a fantastic meal!  The service was attentive and Chef Eddie stopped by several times to make sure we were taken care of.  We had the Lamb stuffed mushrooms, Fetoush Salad and Filet with Rissotto.  All the dishes were amazing and had such great flavors.  Highly recommended!
1	Visit #1 Sat night. I called in for a reservation and the guy at the end I the phoneline was very nice.  I had perused the menu online and was very excited to eat here.  Similarly when we arrived the hostess was very nice and Eddie was at the hostess stand keeping vigilant watch on the ebb and flow of the seating and said hello.  Big plus.  Unfortunately it went way downhill when we sat down.  The menu was significantly more expensive than was posted online.  We brushed this off and committed ourselves to paying more as good food is worth it; however,  we sat for 10 minutes without any greeting from a server.  The restaurant was very busy and obviously out of controll, so we left and decided to try another night. Visit#2  the following sat night. we came in earlier and sat at the bar.  Caesar salad: very small, bland and overpriced.  I ordered a specialty drink which was made all wrong and undrinkable, so I pushed it to the edge  and asked for a wine list.  I was given one but was never given the opportunity to order a glass of wine.  Meanwhile oi lamb chops with mint hummus had arrived - yummy.  Unfortunately, one of my boufriend'a chops were blue raw. After several attempts to get the bartender's attention - I placed it at the edge of the bar on a plate with the blue side showing next to my untouched disgusting drink.  Our bartender (a female) never checked on us, never asked how our meal was - she was 3 -6 feet away almost the whole time!  Really???  Albeit she was busy on service bar, but only had 6 customers.  You know when someone is staring at you and needs something!  Finally, after 15-mins  I flagged down the other bartender (Danny who also happened to be the manager) , explained what had happened, and asked if he could cash us out so we could escape.  He graciously assisted us right away - while he was at the computer the bartender barked that she had already cancelled our order.  This cemented my suspicion that she had been studiously and PURPOSFULLY ignoring us.  Anyway - five stars for Danny, a beacon in our two-visit catastrophe (and the lamb chops that were cooked). Minus four for that evil harpy of a bartender - shame on you!
4	This is becoming one of my fav hh's! The prices are great due to their "Every night is all night half off at the bar".  Even more important is their quality of food and drink and friendly bar service.  Ive tried several bar apps and have been impressed with each of them.  Stuffed portobellos, roasted veggies, hummus and chicken schwarma are all items I would eat again and again.  I like that they are relatively healthy apps but also have tons of flavors and spices.  The portions are perfect too! Not too large or small.   The cocktails for $5 are also huge value! The extremely friendly bartenders will even alter them if you prefer less sugar or a diff juice.Lots of interesting locals come here.  And all have been friendly and willing to share their favorite menu items.  The only downside is that the bar can be packed so its hard to score a seat. Also, sometimes the bartenders too busy to give the extra TLC I sometimes want. Id love it if they couldexpand the seating so more of us could become groupies. :)
5	The food is amazing!  I don't know where to begin.  The Chilean Sea bass was the best I've ever had.  I made the mistake of ordering the half order to save room for all the sides and desserts.  Next time, I'm getting the full order and bringing the rest home.  Now let's get to the sides and dessert.  Wow!  Lobster Mac N Cheese was a special side dish.  They did not skimp on the lobster.  It was plentiful and delicious.  The Asparagus risotto was equally delicious.  Now for dessert.  The chocolate torte was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.  The food wasn't the only thing that made the dinner special.  The wait staff was top notch.  Eddie Matney, the chef/owner was there and made sure everyone was enjoying their meal.  We will be back very soon.
5	The ambiance of Eddie's House really can't be beat, the dining room is romantic for a date, the patio is excellent for a family gathering, the bar area is lively and social with fantastic bartenders.The food is delish and kitchen is fantastic about catering to food allergies.Bring a date, bring your parents, bring your friends, you won't be disappointed
2	The way Robert McGrath talks about Eddie, I expected to see him come down from a cross and heal the sick. I let the over-hype slide and we went there to try it out. It's a busy place. There is energy there if you are into that. It has more of a German beer hall atmosphere to me with all of the noise. It's not really a place to have an intimate conversation, catch up on the day or be romantic. It's a place to eat.The menu is extensive enough but not so big that one thinks they're out of control in the kitchen. Nope. I think they have it balanced pretty well. That was a good sign. Prices struck me as being more than I like to pay for dinner in a fine dining place and this really wasn't fine dining to me. So from the beginning I was curious about the value-for-money tradeoff. Appetizers are priced like entrees in most restaurants so that put us off. Nine bucks for soybeans? That was the "cheap" appetizer. They range up to $20. Quite frankly, nothing on the appetizer menu really appealed to us, so we ordered salads. We had a Caesar and an organic iceberg for $10 each. Nothing really memorable. The grilled onions on the iceberg salad were weird and the olive tapenade on my caesar was equally weird. We ordered some of the signature dishes. Gotta say the bacon-infused meatloaf was good, but it wasn't great. It wasn't worth $21. Portion size is small, even by Scottsdale standards where some places should bring out a magnifying glass with the main course. It was too small. For that kind of money I can make enough really good meatloaf to feed the whole family and the neighbors and still buy a six of Bud to go with it. They have a half size for $12 which would classify as an appetizer.The chicken asiago was good but at $21 just did not meet our value-for-money criteria. It was decent, not memorable.Compounding the value-for-money equation is the fact that they don't serve ANY side dishes. Nothing. Those are extra. They have a decent selection for $8 each. They sounded good but by this time we were already feeling wallet abuse. I just feel that where Eddie's falls down is on price. It's an expensive place and I don't feel the food or the experience deliver what I'm expecting when my partner and I go out and spend over $100 for dinner. We felt cheated by our experience. This could be a much better place if they dropped the attempts to freakify standard dishes and got the prices out of the stratosphere. I hear their filet is good but at $39, I won't be trying it. So, bigger portions, fewer odd combinations, lower prices would be needed to get us back there. I don't like getting home from dinner and having to say, "It's good to be home."
4	Went with work peeps.  A few of the early arrivers had drinks at the bar and I got there in time to have one drink at the bar.  Bartender was attentive, knew his drink menu and offered the hh deals.   Once seated, our waitress Sarah was attentive and knew the menu, answered questions and did a great job waiting on a large party.  Everyone ordered something different and we all enjoyed our meals.  Appetizer flat bread was fantastic.   Only down side was the pork chop came out on a cast iron skillet that was right out of the oven.   Unfortunately, they did not have the cover hotpad for the handle an arm got burned.   They need to think about safety when it comes to the cast iron skillet being scalding hot.Overall a great experience.  We will go back.
5	Wow.  Definitely a case of getting what you pay for.  This restaurant is not cheap (maybe the happy hour stuff is, but we were eating off the full menu).No draft beer - but they have a good bottle selection.  I told the server I wanted a Porter and he brought be a very good bottle.  I had the chicken with creamed spinach because I was wanting some comfort food and this really delivered.For dessert they had peach cobbler which was very rich (read: lots of butter).The server spent quite a bit of time answering all of our questions.  He knew what was in the food and if we told him what we were looking for he was quickly able to tell us his recommendations.  I consider this basic hospitality, but seems to be a lost art and it's refreshing to go to a restaurant where the staff treat it like a career instead of a means to a paycheck.
4	Mac&Cheese is off the chain.
4	We took my parents here for Father's Day dinner last month. We had never been before but had heard good things and were looking to try something new. I think Eddie's delivered. The place inside is small, but has a large patio. I loved the decor and it felt like a nice mix between casual and upscale. We were seated at a large table in the back, so it was nice to be able to spread out. We had my 3 year old son with us and they gave him a dry erase board and some markers to color with. I thought it was a nice touch (much different than the standard crayons) and it kept his attention for most of the night.The food was really good. We started with the chicken lollipops. Loved those! I had the burger with the pretzel bun. It was REALLY good. The bun made it. My dad and husband both had the bacon infused meatloaf and loved it. My mom had the chicken and really liked it.  My son had the mac & cheese. I also tried it, and it was really good, and he loved it, but be warned if your kids don't like foo-foo gourmet type mac & cheese, this isn't for them. In my opinion, what made the meal was the drinks we started with. I love red sangria, which I ordered, and loved it. But my mom ordered the white sangria and OH MY HEAVENS. If you go here and get nothing but the white sangria, you will not regret it. It was fabulous. The service was really great. My dad thought he started having an allergic reaction to a spice on the chicken lollipops (he has yet to figure out what the spice is that he is allergic to. This wasn't the first time, and I'm sure won't be the last until he gets a food allergy test done). So we casually asked the waiter if he knew what the spices were, because we were curious and thought we could narrow it down. He did not have the slightest clue but went and talked to Eddie himself about the spices used for the chicken lollipops. It was no big deal and it wasn't a severe reaction, and he came back with as much info as he could for us. We thought that was a really nice touch and appreciated his inquiry.The place isn't cheap, but you get a lot of food. And bottom line, the food is good. I would love to come back to try their happy hour!
5	Came here for the first time, with a large group for a birthday party.Uhhhhhh...... DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!We ordered a great variety of appetizers including:lamb stuffed mushroomschicken shwarmatuna tartareflatbread of the daycalamariand seafood wontonsEverything I tried, I really liked.  This night, they had two entree specials, including a full maine lobster dinner, and baby back ribs... of a lamb!I opted for the $27 lobster dinner special, and got my maine lobster grilled- and it came with a cup of clam chowder and fries.  I also ordered a side of the proscuitto mac and cheese.The lobster was delicious, the sides were delicious, and the mac and cheese was AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG.I was really impressed with the price of this entree- because it was pretty great!For dessert we ordered bread pudding, chocolate pot au creme, chocolate blackberry cake, and peach cobbler.  The desserts were good, but the appetizers and entrees were so great in my mind, they overshadowed the desserts.All in all, it was a really fantastic meal, and I was shocked at how inexpensive this whole experience was.  Great value for the money!The server was attentive, Eddie stopped by and chatted with us for awhile.  I'll be back :)
5	Love this place!! The food is to die for...especially the lamb chops!! They offer happy hour every day of the week and have amazing speciality drinks! I promise you'll enjoy this place!
4	The husband and I have been wanting to check out Eddie's House for a while. I have heard great things and after our meal last night I know why. Eddie is a playful chef, he takes different cuisines and fuses them together into flavorful dishes.  We started with the tuna tartare nachos at the recommendation of our server. They were delicious, so many flavors and the wonton chips were the perfect. For dinner I had the seafood special. The plate had two shrimp, halibut ceviche, seared diver scallops over blue cheese bacon potatoes (holy crap, the potatoes were the BOMB!!!!!) and 3 blue point oysters. I loved everything on the plate except for the shrimp, which were overcooked. The husband ordered the prosciutto wrapped filet with lobster risotto. He ordered the steak medium rare and it came out medium, but was still delicious. The lobster risotto was plentiful with big chunks if lobster and was some of the best risotto I have ever had. Mmmmmmmm!!!! Our waiter gave us a free dessert since I didn't like the shrimp which was awesome. We had the chocolate chip tiramisu. Talk about creative, it was a marscapone ice cream with chocolate chip cookie pieces soaked in espresso and rum with Heath bar crumbles on top. Wowzers, we both loved it. We will definitely return because they are several other dishes on the menu that we want to try and we were impressed with the service and quality of the food. Way to go, Chef Eddie. I also loved the act that Eddie was working the line and interacting with customers. Makes it so fun!!!
4	I love their happy hour here. If you sit in the bar area they have about a dozen half price appetizers until 10 pm. The also have a variety of specialty drinks for $5. Get the lamb chops - OMG! P.S. Danny is the man!
1	I was extremely disappointed by the service that we received at Eddie's House on Saturday night.  My boyfriend took me to Eddie's House to celebrate my birthday.   We ordered the lamb chorizo stuffed portobello mushrooms for our appetizers, which I had the last time that I was there for happy hour, but unlike at happy hour they were extremely dry and did not taste at all like what I remembered, which was disappointing because this was my boyfriends first time there and he is a total foodie.    I ordered the lobster bisque as well to start, which was recommended to me, but was not wowed by it either.    We both ordered the bacon-infused meatloaf, which was actually pretty good but overpriced in my mind.  Still we enjoyed and we would have come back again in the future had our server Laurie not congratulated me on my birthday and brought out a dessert that we had not ordered and preceded to charge us for it on our bill.  My boyfriend did not complain because I was not feeling well and because it was my birthday and so he did not want to ruin anything further.  If I had wanted a dessert, then I would have ordered one.  Also, when I took it out yesterday to see how it was there were basically two bites of tiramisu and the rest was whipped cream and we were charged $10 for it.  This was completely sub-par experience for what was supposed to be one of Scottsdale's best restaurants.
2	I'm rating this two stars for the fact that it is a very hyped up restaurant and the experience didn't quite live up to its standards. Service was sub par and the staff was noticeably shorthanded or just frantic overall. 12 minutes or so for our waiter to come to our table just for water then another 5min to take our wine order. After that it took another 7+ minutes for the appetizer order. Which is way over priced for 3 med pieces of shrimp and more bread, flavors were good but hardly got to enjoy. I did like the half size dishes as the misses was able to finish all of her food and portion option there was good to have. I had the pork chops and not so bad. Flavoring was good. I just think it was an off night as waiters passed by yelling at each other and Eddie was running food himself it appeared. I will return there again and and hopefully after a good experience rate this higher.
4	Great atmosphere with a good vibe. Bartender Angelina was fun and so helpful describing her favorites on the menu since it was our first time in. Food was amazing! Only one blip...waiter disappeared halfway thru meal. Never to be seen again until we were leaving! A neighboring waitress took over for him after we asked her for several things..more water etc. she was great but thought it was odd he never came by again after our dinner arrived!  Will go back for second shot at better service in restaurant area.
4	Food was very good, service was also very good. I would make a return trip. Had ht e meatloaf and it was awesome. My partner had fish and it was very over salted.Even with this I'd return again.
2	I've been to Eddie's House before and have always enjoyed the experience; good food, service and atmosphere. Last night we went to Eddie's House with another couple for dinner. During the meal one of our dining companions choked on a piece of lobster shell and his wife had to perform the Heimlich maneuver. It was scary, and thankfully he was fine. However, other than the waitress (who was genuinely concerned), no one came over to see if our friend was okay. Eddie Matney was at the restaurant and we saw the waitress tell him what happened. Yet he never came over to check on us and see if our friend was ok. We weren't looking for a free meal or anything like that. . .but we were floored by the lack of customer service displayed by the chef/owner and the management. Very disappointing.
2	I'm still broken-hearted and bewildered a week after dining at Eddies House during Restaurant Week.  My view of restaurant week is participants putting forth their best efforts at low-risk prices to gain the loyalty of new diners who will come spend money on a regular basis.  Apparently Eddie has all the diners he cares to have, because this place barely even phoned it in.  The wait staff was the bright spot--the right level of attentive and informative.  The food was --meh.  The lamb empanadas could have been ground beef for the lack of lamb-tasting goodness.  And there is no excuse for an empanada to be greasy as this one was--I've had better at a hotel banquet.  I won't go into detail on the entrees, since I do not believe the restaurant week offerings were regular menu items, but suffice it to say, I expect a whole lot better execution, particularly when Eddie is in the house, which he was that evening. I'm deeply disappointed. From appetizer to dessert, elements that should have been gooey/sticky/juicy were dry and lackluster. We were expecting flavors that popped, not fizzled.  Other restaurants we visited during Restaurant Week brought their A-game and have been added to our dining rotation.  This place played its bench.  I can think of a lot of better ways to spend $100 bucks.  Reading through the reviews, other diners have had a similar experience here with the regular menu paying full price. So sad.  We won't be back.
1	My boyfriend decided to surprise me with dinner at Eddie's on my birthday because of great reviews he has heard from locals. As soon as the menu came out, I was a bit skeptical, but willing to try new things. The shrimp & dough ball appetizer was good; however the lobster bisque (one of my favorite soups ever) smelled soooo fishy you knew it wasn't fresh. & for $10 a bowl, it better be freshly caught for what seems like 4oz!My boyfriend got Eddie's famous dish: a steak cooked in mash potatoes & then with more mashed potatoes on top. I tried it. The steak was over cooked & I couldn't even taste it with all the masked potatoes smothering everything. He loved it. I got the East meets west. The Seared ahi tuna was over cooked as well, & as for the other fish... Let's just say.... I didn't take more than one bite.The dessert menu came out, & I chose not to ensure any more of dinner. The bill came at a hefty $100+ without tip. The service was good, atmosphere was nice, & we were able to sit outside which was wonderful. So, I may have given this review more than one star had we not both gotten food poisoning.  I ended my birthday with both of us hugging the toilet. Yeah.... 1 star.
4	My 4 stars is based on service and ambience, not food - food would be a 3 star. Overall, the place was good and I'd go back based on service and ambience, however the food was average at best based on the price point of what I ordered.   I ordered the east meets west - the tuna was good, but much fattier / stringy that I'd expect and the halibut seemed to me that it may have been frozen recently or not thawed properly.  Anyway, good experience, hope the food is better next time
2	ordered the signature steak, creative presentation however the steak inside didnt have a flavor to remember and the layer ojtside with the mashed potatoes had a fried crust which i wasnt a fan of.     Lobster bisque was ordered for starter, nice consistency but pretty bland in flavor.  Not a place i would go back for the price
5	Went in on a Friday night and sat on the patio where we enjoyed great live music and a beautiful ambiance. The food was delicious as well (I had the scallops and my boyfriend ordered the vegetarian platter, with a side of the Mac and cheese-all of which were amazing) Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone
3	If you are considering dining at Eddie's House should CALL FIRST to make sure they are open to the public as they are doing banquet hall parties instead of being a functioning restaurant.I traveled forty five minutes to dine at Eddie's House to find that they are CLOSED to the public for two days for private parties. I felt sorry for some of the people I saw them turning away especially the very elderly woman struggling with a walker in the below average cold weather.But I also do need to Thank Eddie's House for not serving me because I decided to try Citizen Public House instead and had a wonderful dinner there instead.I decided to leave Eddie's House Rating at three stars because the hostess that turned us away did it very politely. I know most people would leave one star for this experience but it turned out good in the end anyway.
1	Now I know why I haven't been back to Eddies for awhile, because it's ran by a bunch of amateurs. After waiting for 45 mins after our reservation, we decided it just wasn't worth it.  We really have never liked how they hide their food with all of his sauces.  We gave it a shot and decided that with all of the other great restaurants in Scottsdale why waste our time with the amateurs.
4	Over the Years I think I've been here maybe a half dozen times and have a different experience each time due to what I order. My conclusion is that Eddie's House does comfort foods with a creative twist best. Simple home Style foods with maybe a sauce or seasoning that you might not be familiar with.The complimentary signature blue cheese butter, pistou sauce and bread arrived and this time the butter was soft and irresistible. It's just TOO DELICIOUS to pass up.We ordered off the menu even after hearing about the specials that sounded good and started with the grilled honey spiced chicken lollipops. I was expecting them to be small but they were THREE BIG juicy chicken legs with a really crispy skin with sauce and a dusting of seasoning that tasted really good. For dinner I had the Chermoula Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with Candied Lemon Broccoli. It was a simple dish of just fish and broccoli but not so simple. The fish (a not so big portion for $40.00 but this kind of fish is very exspensive) was  Moroccan Style marinated in Chermoula that's delicious and the broccoli was also delicious just the right little hint of sugar and the lemon that cut and brighten the sweet. I don't think they can win any awards for presentation but the food really was spot on. The fish was cooked threw and juicy with a slight crust and the broccoli was also perfect. Eddie's Chef came out to my table to make sure he prepared my Sea Bass  correctly since it's the hardest dinner to prepare just right. Normally I'm disappointed if I only get a plate with just a single vegetable and a protein because when you entertain people you prepare them a another side of something like maybe a potato  or rice but I'm giving giving Eddie's a pass on this because of the very above average bread and sauces that you have to indulge on that I wouldn't normally eat but did.They also nailed my husbands Prosciutto Wrapped Filet with Lobster (big pieces) risotto and topped with brussels sprouts salad.We don't always get dessert here because it's very home style like your mother might have made it but thought the fresh Apple Cobbler sounded good and it was.Eddie's House participates in LocalDines.Com and you can save a great deal of money on your dinner check if you use it.
4	Happy hour is a hoot here.  Eddie is a great host.  Love the drinks and appetizer specials.  All day happy hour on Saturday!
5	Our family went to Eddie's House between Christmas and New Years and had a fantastic experience.  Appetizers were excellent, I had sea bass, wife had halibut and kids all had what's in this steak.  Food was all excellent and served in less than 30 minutes with a busy restaurant.   The staff did a great job even as busy as they were during our visit.  Everyone there very friendly and positive.  Prior to leaving we hired Eddie's House for a catering gig for 40 guests in early January, and they hit it out of the park.  Food was delivered on time and tasted amazing.  This continues to be on our "best restaurants in Scottsdale" list and we love it every time we go.  Thanks Eddie & Staff!
1	I know New Years Eve is busy for all restaurants but there is no excuse for rude. Eddie was very rude to our table and when we complained we were told " oh that is just how Eddie is". Food was just ok and not worth the $400 check we walked out with. Once checked the next day we had two expensive drinks put on our tab that did not belong to us. They did credit the account but it was an eye opener. Always check your bill at this place.  Suzie G
5	Eddie Matney has been a favorite of ours since his place in Phoenix.  The new location is great.  I always feel welcome here and Eddie's Lebanese flavored dishes are wonderful.  His happy hour, overseen by the great bartender Danny, always has great drink specials and half-price starters.  The lamb chops and steak quesadilla are my favorites.  Eddie always features specials on the week-ends often including fresh Maine lobster.  The place has a beautiful patio.  The service is friendly and efficient.  Aside from the specials, the meatloaf and the steaks are always great.  Both a neighborhood hang-out and a special occasion spot, Eddie's continues it's fine dining tradition..
3	Was very excited to try Eddies House. Thought the food was great but the service was sub par. First the good, we order a ton of food!  Multiple appetizers, multiple sides entrees and dessert!   We were celebrating our friends birthday.  The "What's in this steak" was excellent and unique!   The asparagus risotto was great too!The service was horrible.  Our waiter did not tell us anything about the menu, he did not tell us the specials and had a seemed like we were bothering him every to he came over.  We actually had to flag him down to fill our water, order more wine, to explain our food after it came, and to order dessert. Our sides came out wrong and we had to send them back to get the correct food.   When clearing our plates he made an unappreciated comment. He said, " i though you two ordered a lot of food but you did well".  I also told them we were celebrating my friends birthday.  They didn't even put a candle in our dessert.  Great food, bad service.  For the price point you really need both.  Probably wont be back.
5	Went last night for valentines day never been there before what a fantastic place!  Great food, just right portions, very intimate!  Wonderful waitstaff!  And owner came around to check very friendly.  Located in a wonderful setting definitely a place to revisit!
3	I gave the restaurant 3 stars, 1 star for food & 5 stars for service.The meatloaf was dry & tasteless, my wife's fried chicken would have been better if we had BOUGHT it from KFC. I'm not sure why the chief combines foods that don't make sense, eg, sweet pot w/apples, lamb chops w/quinoa (both proteins).The waiter didn't know the beers that were available, & stated they had no beers on tap, so I asked for list, no prices no description, when waiter brought my choice which turned out to be a beer on tap. Another waiter dropped about 5 plated dishes right in front of us
5	Awesome awesome awesome.  Everything from the charming young hostess to the friendly owner.  Every bite was exquisite in this bustling restaurant
5	First of all ... Amazing food.  The Edamame is by far one of the best ones I've ever had!You have to try the "The Famous, One and Only, "What's In This Steak". "  My suggestion is to get a half order of it then another half order of something like the scallops or one of the fish dishes.
5	O' man!  Best Lobster Bisque I've ever had.  Plus great bar tenders and Happy Hour All Night if u sit in the bar area!
4	Happy hour, Monday's. Eddie's house is the place to be. Actually Happy Hour everyday, except Monday, 1/2 price glass of wine. Always an experience at Eddie's House, especially if you sit at the chefs counter to watch all the action in the kitchen. You may even get a special treat. Great place.
1	Long wait even though there were many tables available. Hosts were uninviting and unfriendly. Waiters seemed over worked and just pissed off to even be there. The big "famous steak" was the same size as the small!! Ha it was a joke. Olive&Ivy just down the street is so much better. If you want a true FINE dining experience please go there instead. I had their famous steak years ago and still remember it. Eddies was just not what you paid for. If I drop 40 on a steak it better be the best meal of my week. It wasn't. I've had more appetizing beef from Outback Steakhouse. Seriously.
5	The best food I have had in Scottsdale!! I have been coming here for spring training for years and have hit all of the usual spots, but Eddie's takes the cake. The chicken lollipops are like chicken wings on steroids without all of the work and mess. Our server, Ashley, was friendly, professional, and on top of it. My wife and i ordered drinks and they arrived within minutes on a packed night. Their happy hour is also incredible, $3 beers all night on a saturday - i will definitely be back Eddie's is awesome!!
5	Delicious dinner, great atmosphere on the outdoor patio. We ordered "East Meets West" and "The One and Only Steak". We also got an order of the bacon brussel sprouts and prosciutto mac and cheese.
2	We usually have great experiences here. Tonight was an exception. The food was great but the overall experience was less than desirable. The first wine glass was all cloudy and etched. When asked to have a new glass I felt that the waiter was put out. The next glass was also etched and gray. Maybe time for new glasses? Also the restaurant seemed dusty and unkept. There were cobwebs on nicknacks and decorations. It seems old and dated.
5	Absolutely FANTASTIC Easter Brunch today...fabulous food which tasted even better when Eddie Matney is making your omelet!  Definitely, definitely would recommend and will be back again and again.
5	Excellent food and service. We have eaten there several times while visiting Scottsdale. Very attentive servers-the owner even made the rounds refilling water glasses. The food has always been great- varied menu. Awesome!
5	First time there.  I can not wait to go back.  My boss took us for cocktails.  I was really suprised on how good the food was there.  You can tell it was all fresh.  The staff where very nice and had knowledge about everything on the menu.  The price was very good for scottsdale.  Even there appetizers where well price with large portions.  Can not wait to go again.
2	My son wanted to try this restaurant for the past year. He suggested we make a reservation  to celebrate his birthday and Mothers Day. I called to make a reservation and found out it was a buffet brunch. Now I am not found of buffet brunches but I have been to a few since living in Las Vegas and New York  and I can deal with  for my son. I have to say this was the worst brunch I have ever been too. The reviews of the restaurant are good and they should keep out of the brunch business. The food on the buffet was omelet station, smoked salmon, stale mini bagels and a few salads which I had no idea what they were. Nothing looked appealing in it presentation.i had fresh fruit and a mini bagel with smoke salmon. You had a choice of 4 or 5 entrees which they brought to your table. Their famous meatloaf, salmon, beef filet,French toast and eggs Benedict. I ordered the filet hoping it would be better then the buffet. We'll what they call entrees were small plates. The filet was the size of a small finger with a tasteless gravy. I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was so hot I couldn't drink it . I asked the waitress to have them add some tomato juice to it but it was still to hot. I never drank and she didn't bother to ask if I wanted something else or just take it off the bill. I was with my sons and didn't want to complain because it was such a special day I didn't want to ruin it by letting them know how horrible this meal was so I just didn't say anything. I just feel that I was ripped off $200 . I don't mind spending the money but this was a total rip off. If this restaurant is as good as the reviews say they should stick with the dinners and lunches and forget trying to make a buck out of a horrible brunch.
1	We had Mothers Day at Eddies and it was the worst.  Not only was it very expensive, our bill was $350.00 for 5 with my liquor but the food was buffet was horrible.  One table only had cereal on it,  One table had about 6 desserts.  No carving stations, but did have a omelet bar that was not clean, with no ham. As a mother, we were not offered a glass of champagne or a flower. The best was we were to order a entree as a BONUS! I took my filet home to find it was the size of a skinny slidder. Gave it to the dogs.  The waiters when setting up the tables had their fingers in the water glasses.  Totally gross.  I will never go back, it was a total waste.
3	Food was OK, service was very bad. gave up waiting for my dessert and had them take it off the bill and i left. will not be going back
5	Had a great meal with my husband, was not sure is we were going to get seated due to waitlist. Eddie sat us at the bar and had a great time as he waited on us! Fun night! Thanks Eddie for being so personable! We are coming back for the Lobster Fest - Hubby's birthday and looking forward to a great dinner -
5	Went to eddies last night for lobster mania every thursday-saturday threw labor day!! Any thing bigger then a 1-Lbs lobster maje sure to order ahead!! We ordered ahead of time our  2lb lobsters they were  fantastic with a wonderfull pairing of corn hush puppies and salade For an appitizere ordered,  the new featured special  steak tartar, its unlike anything ever related to a traditional steak tartar. wonderfully seared fillet mignon cooked rare and ground surved with a pita bread a truly wonderfull delight. For drinks  we washed everything  down with a lovely sunset mixed drink, and our  all time favorite mojitos danny the manager and bartender is a real treat with unique drinks and wonderfull personality If your in the mood for wonderfull service, ambience and a unique twist to an everyday food and wonderful and creative deserts make sure to pop in for dinner at eddies house , chef and owner eddie matney is a creative and unique food artist. Dont wait to come check out this place located on the corner of indian school and marshall way in the heart of old town
5	Darn  good service at eddies house Loving the 2lb collosal lobster during lobster mania every thursday-saturday till labor day tonight it was served with asparagus risotto and buter and sugar cream cornTopped it all off with a wonderful& fabulous peach cobbler then washed it down with  black jonny rocks, a mojito and a fantastic bluberry puree spiced rum soar
5	Chef Eddie's creations really are "woohoo! As good as it gets!" Not only is the food amazing for a great price, but the service is OUTSTANDING. Typically, my peeps and I sit in the bar area to enjoy the great Happy Hour deals (4pm to close EVERYDAY). Whether I'm with my girlfriends or my husband as we walk inside, we are greeted with big smiles. The waiters and waitresses do a great job at making you feel at home. On top of this, Chef Eddy usually stops by to say "hello" or ask how things are. My favorite dish is the Seafood Wontons - I cannot get enough of these and if I could, I would eat them everyday! These are not your typical wontons as they are filled with Salmon instead of crab and are on top an apricot sauce (UNBELIEVABLE). Another one of my favorites is Chef Eddie's famous meatloaf which is always super moist and packed with flavor on top velvety mashed potatoes covered with crispy onion strings drizzled with mushroom jus. Also worth a try is the asparagus risotto. :) Let's also not forget dessert! There are lots to choose from and if you love fruit cobblers, chocolate, and cheesecake then you won't be disappointed. I encourage you to try Eddie's House ASAP!
5	Have been wanting to try this place for a while.  Last nite was it.  Decor is fab, great start for me.Danny the bartender took great care us with both service and recommendations.  The grilled calamari is seriously off the charts. The risotto & lamb chops were equally amazing. ..this place does my disappoint...can't wait to go back...bravo Eddie
5	Great first time dinner. Danny...bartender...was spectacular.  Food, service, ambiance...lighting...noise level...ALL PERFECT.Can't wait to go again.The meatloaf will make you want to "slap yo momma..."Friggin' loved it.LJK
3	Jennifer, Eddie's wife contacted me and said that they would make it right if we came back in. Well we were in AZ for Labor Day weekend and tried it again. We had a wonderful server names Lori. She was knowledgeable, funny and very attentive. I love that they had a children's menu this time, dry erase board for the kids to color with and tons of markers. Our food was hot, delivered in a timely fashion and seasoned well (not too salty or bland) We were not huge fans of the clam appetizer something just didn't mesh with it but other than that the food was outstanding. My husband and I shared the fatoush salad which was a recommendation from Lori, the flavors were just perfect together. I also ordered the special cod with ritz cracker crust and scallops accompanied with root veggies topped with maple syrup. I LOVED it all. Overall the experience was great, the service was outstanding and the food was fabulous. Thank you for making us a fan again,
1	I would like for the owner to not be a bigot. I went to eddys and my tables bill was well over $100. The owner socialized with every entering patron and every other table in the establishment except ours because my four person group was of a more "alternative" nature. Even though my money is just as green as anyone else's. Fancy that.The food was overly salted. The meat had no tastes and was smothered by other embellishments that drowned out the flavor. The drinks were poorly made because I ordered a "honey bourbon and ginger ale" and because they don't have ginger ale, they subbed ginger beer. As if that's an appropriate substitute in ANY reality. All around- I would've preferred that the owner hadn't have been such a rude and pompous bigot. I could have gone to ANY restaurant in Scottsdale but I came to THIS one and it was a very poor experience. Oh and eddy- Absolutely unacceptable behavior. I will be spreading the word to my community.
5	Love coming in to visit at Eddie's and the flavors - OMG, taste bud blowing experience. Thanks again, Eddie!
1	Terrible service
5	My wife is a huge fan of Hell's Kitchen and every time we watch the show we wind up craving risotto. When I travel it seems I can find it served just about everywhere, but locally I haven't been so lucky.Finally, after a few hours scouring the menus of Phoenix restaurants online, I found Eddie's House. It's the one place in the valley I found that serves steak and risotto in a family atmosphere. The food is delicious. The owner, Eddie, cooks up top notch food yet somehow perfectly mixes fine dining with an atmosphere that is inviting enough for a family of four, including small children, to feel comfortable. We all left satisfied and, yes, the risotto was everything we had hoped for and then some. I ordered it on the side with the hamburger, my wife had hers with a juicy steak. The meals were spectacular, the owners were very friendly and accommodating, and we will definitely be frequenting here more often.
4	Always a fun place.  Nice happy hour menu and good crowd at the bar.
1	Wasn't impressed with the food. The grouper tasted like they dumped salt on a fish and put it in the oven. The dumplings it came with weren't very good either. It took way too long to get our food. When the bus boy took our appetizer plates away he took our forks so we were waiting around with our entree plates of food with no silverware to eat it with. Go to citizen public house. It's close by and the food is much better.
2	The food was fair, hamburger was overdone , waitress pleasant. Although it was half hour before closing place was dirty and bathrooms should have been clean.
1	Awful service! Want some bread, or a glass of water? You'd do better to run to Jack in the box and come back. The food is good, but I won't be back. Honestly, I've had better food at much lower prices too.
5	Ate here with a colleague from out of town and she couldn't stop raving about it. The food is fantastic and the patio is beautiful. Get the meatloaf and asparagus risotto!!  Off the charts!  Chef Eddie comes out and talks to the tables and you may even see some AZ Sports stars there.
5	Went to Eddie's House last Saturday evening.  After we were seated, the manager came over to take our drink order.  He made some suggestions on the wine, and the one he suggested turned out to be excellent in both flavor and price!!  Our waiter was excellent, he made suggestions, and discussed our options with ordering.  We wanted to try an appetizer and then have an entree....and half orders worked just fine!  The seafood pot stickers were wonderful, the sauce is rich, so sharing was perfect.I had the bacon infused meatloaf and my friend had the Seared Diver scallops.  Both were flavorful and cooked perfectly.  The waiter even bought us dessert, which we split, although we each could have had our own.......the Heath Bar, Chocolate Chip Cookie Tiramisu was also great.  We'll go back.....my only complaint is the tables could be a little farther apart, I didn't really enjoy hearing the "first date" conversation at the next table, however, I'll concede I have really, really good hearing!
5	Eddie's House was a bright spot in my week!  The food was artfully crafted and the service was impeccable.  The lamb chops are incredible!  I just wish I lived closer!
4	My husband had to work a late night shift, so we decided to have dinner at Eddie's for NYE. The restaurant had a laid-back, romantic ambiance and the service was perfect. My husband ordered the great burger which was huge and filling and I ordered the vegetarian platter which I enjoyed. As midnight approached, they passed out complimentary champagne which was unexpected and was a nice gesture. It was a good way to end/start the year.
3	It's okay....
1	How shall I start this...I booked the reservation online via Open Table because it was one of the only restaurants open on Christmas. I primarily chose it because of the price and the fact that their website stated that they were offering a Christmas dinner menu AND their FULL REGULAR MENU. Unfortunately after being seated we found out that their website was in fact incorrect and that they only offering a select amount of items from their regular menu in addition to the Christmas special. The menu was also printed on some sort of 8.5 x 11 piece of toilet paper that probably came from Eddie's bathroom.They opened at 5 PM and by 6:30 they were completely out of one of the dishes that we had ordered so we had to select something else that was ultimately more expensive. The bread they served us was cold in the middle like it had been frozen and recently thawed out. Two people from our table ordered the chicken tenders appetizer which were basically deep fried little turds. One person ordered the salmon which was nothing special and I had the prime rib. The prime rib and the butternut squash bisque were the only things that made this dinner bearable. Throughout this entire meal we saw our waitress, Stephanie only twice. Once to take our orders and then again to deliver the check. When we received our checks at the end of the night the bill was outrageous...$18 for a margarita with a splash of amaretto and a dried out orange slice is ridiculous. The menu listed the salmon for $26 but we were charged $28 and they automatically added 20% gratuity for a table of 6 people. Normally I would not think twice about this, especially if I had received great service but not for a server that never bothered to ask us how our meal was....and Eddie was blatantly cursing at his staff in front of customers which included my 11 year old cousin who was visiting from Iowa with her family. Cool.
5	I love Eddie's House. The food is always good. This time Mark took care of us. He made a good meal Great! We will be back. Thanks
2	We have been thinking of trying out Eddie's House for the past couple months. For the holidays, my brother from PA sent my parents a gift card so we said we would  join them last night for dinner. We called, made our reservation 4 days prior and we were set. Until, we invited another couple from Phoenix to join us as well. We called to increase the reservation number but they said they didn't have us down and were unsure we could get a reservation. We're not sure why they said that. Were they packed and had no more tables? Was the person unable to write something down? This was the first sign of poor management. They finally confirmed out reservation and we were set?When we arrived at the restaurant the greeter didn't see us on the books but said she would get a table ready for us. The bar was packed but restaurant was cold and empty. We decided to enjoy a couple drinks at the bar. the service was friendly and prompt. When we were seated we found it odd that she crammed 6 of us onto a large 4 top but we made it work.We were greeted by a very nice waitress and she told us all about the specials of the night. Everything sounded good the menu looked good and we were set. We ordered and were having a fun time even though we all still had our jackets on at the table. We mentioned to the waitress that we had a gift card while we were getting our appetizers and she said that the gift card was no longer valid because they had canceled their contract with the gift card company. WHAT? The gift card was purchased less than a week ago and has an expiration date of 3/2015.This had everyone at the table puzzled and she sent out the manager. HE was smug and arrogant. He said there was nothing he could do about it, smiling at us, telling us to take up the matter with the gift card company. Double WHAT? This caused a bunch of disappointment and uneasy conversation at the table. No more than 5 minutes later a table next to us was experiencing the same dilemma.After everything calmed down the meal came out and was really good. The waitress, the food runner and bus boys were all professional. After another conversation with the manager he reluctantly gave us a couple deserts of his choice that we didn't really want but they were also good.The reason this review didn't get a 1 star is because the food was good. The management of the place was horrible. We doubt anyone in our party will return. There are too many restaurants to choose from around here to with better than average management and staff.
1	I am incredibly disappointed in the professionalism of this Restaurant , my boyfriends parents were visiting family in Scottsdale for 3 weeks over the holidays and I thought what would be a nice gift but to purchase a "localdines" certificate for them to have a nice dinner and experience at this establishment... only to be told that when they arrived the "rude" manager denied their certificate, saying they no longer honor them!  This is very interesting considering I purchased said certificate 2 days before Christmas , where they had no problem taking my money and there was no fine print stating any expiration date (I stand corrected, there was a use by date of 3/22/2015) in either case , for those that have no knowledge of this , according to the Better Business Bureau  any gift certificate purchased by an establishment still in business has to be honored up to 7 years and/or the face value has to be honored if it is a 2 for 1 deal ! Aside from being in the business, cause 'everyone' states their in the business, however in this case unfortunately I am,  this is by far the most ridiculous situation I have ever encountered, now, after the fact Localdines reimbursed the money  for this certificate , in the meantime, Eddie's House comped 2 desserts and an appetizer, probably totaling $30.00, (most likely only after the Manager realized how off putting and rude he was being) ,  nice ? , yes... stupid ? definitely!!!!  They would have been better off honoring the certificate, since the party of 4 most likely would have then stayed and spent more money , thereby praising how great Eddie's House is to dine instead of vowing never to return nor recommend anyone in the future, all this because of your carelessness in your offer and how rude  your FOH management staff is. Its quite possible that you could care less about people like me reviewing your Restaurant and most likely you have a thriving business, but as for me and anyone in the dining area , you will not be on the list of places to go!
4	Eddie's is one of my favorite Happy Hour spots in Scottsdale! The trick is going after 7PM any weeknight and sitting in the bar. There are specials there on drinks and appetizers that aren't offered in the main dining area of the restaurant, and they're a great deal! The appetizers are amazing (my boyfriend and I usually order 3 of them and share with drinks), and I've had almost all of them at this point. I definitely recommend the horseradish shrimp, if you like a little bit of a kick, and the chicken lollipops are amazing too! The bartender is very attentive and friendly, and though we only go about once a month, always remembers us. (Ask him about the Flatbread of the day... always delicious!)Eddie's is also great if you're looking for a nice holiday dinner. I took my boyfriend there for Passover (I'm not the best cook!), and we had a wonderful meal. They do this kind of thing for several holidays, so if you feel like a splurge, it's a good call! If you're in for a standard dinner, I highly recommend the whats-in-this-Steak. (No, I don't know what's in it... but I do know that it was delicious!!!)The only reason to knock Eddie's down a star is the pricing, which isn't a problem if you come in for happy hour. The one time I came in with another couple for a standard meal, we did have a bottle wine, but managed to break the $400 mark on the bill, not counting tip. It's a great place, but I just don't see coming in and spending that when the happy hour is just as good! (Though it was a special occasion, and very delicious!)TLDNR: Sit at the bar after 7PM on weekdays, great specials there not served in restaurant... and be nice to the bartender, he's a cool guy who will remember you.
