2	I snub my nose at you zealous purists out there. I like my cheese steaks bastardized. Hold your cheese whiz. Drop the beef and toss on some chicken. And make sure to add vegetables. Yes, vegetables. Blasphemy, I know. Give me mushrooms, onions, green peppers, tomatoes. Mmmm. In fact, you could even hold the meat and I would be alright with that. The hot sandwiches at Corleone's are a happy medley of these two extremes. For the purists, there's the Philly Original and for us West Coast blasphemers there's everything from Buffalo Chicken to Veggie Subs. The fries are pretty decent (it takes some real effort--or neglect--to fuck up french fries) but the onion rings leave a lot to be desired.  I've tried a couple different hot sandwiches, including the Philly Original, and it's always a greasy, messy event. The majority of the time the juice and grease of the contents melt right through the damn roll, leaving me with a pile of napkins, a mangled sandwich, and a frown on my face. (I really dislike it when my food falls apart. I usually bite of it as hard as I can to try and inflict pain on the offending meal. The food has never acknowledged my attack. It's a pretty irrational tradition.) So if keeping your sandwich in one edible piece is big in your book, I wouldn't recommend this place. The actual restaurant is pretty small, with a long bar with stools and several high tables to enjoy your vittles at. It's also a little bit on the hot side since half of the restaurant is the kitchen, and it gets a bit noisy with all the ordering, grilling and chit chat, but it's a really lively atmosphere and they offer delivery or take out if you're in a hurry. They're open really late too, especially on the weekends, in order to cater to the Mill Avenue night life.On Tuesdays they have a special that's pretty ace. It's a buy one get one deal on any sandwich in the place--of equal or lesser value (just imagine that in small print)--so you and a friend can eat for cheap or you've got one sandwich for dinner and another for lunch the next day.I know a lot of people that adore this place, but it's just not my thing. Cheese steaks are not the food of gods to me, but if the thought of hot beef and cheese whiz has you gargling saliva like Homer Simpson, you'll probably enjoy it and rate it higher.
5	I first heard about Corleone's on yelp and wanted to try them out, for sure. Looking at their website and prices, you get the idea that it's more of a HighEnd/Gourmet Place than your average place to get Cheesesteaks. Having recently worked in Philly and getting to have Real Philly Cheesesteaks wit the Wiz @ World Famous Geno's, I had high expectations for Corleone's version. But, I can't tell you how they rate. I've only had chicken, as I'm trying to cut out redmeat for a bit. The chicken is bomb. I've had both the Buffalo and BBQ wit-out onions, heh. First off, there's a good bit of chicken on these sandwiches. Second Part, the buns are those awesome soft Bolillo rolls. The sandwiches aren't huge for the buck, but I expected that. It doesn't stop me from ordering, at all. Corleone's has definitely worked into "The Rotation". I've only had delivery, it was the Tempe average 1 hour wait, with the Standard 2 buck drive charge.
5	I remember a couple years ago when there were four Philly cheesesteak places on Mill Ave. Corleone's drove them all out of business. You can't compete with these guys. And hailing from the city of brotherly love, I like to think I know a thing or two when it comes to the perfect cheesesteak. I usually order a cheesesteak with mushrooms and whiz (Cheese Whiz). Corleone's packs their cheesesteaks with savory meat and drizzles the steaks with the Whiz, which glistens on the sandwich. For you Philly peeps who like Pat or Geno's, you're sure to like Corleone's.  You can even order a Tasty Kake for dessert.If you live in the Mill Ave. area, the restaurant delivers.
2	This place is not even close to the best place for a cheesesteak.  This doesn't really surprise me considering there are only two places I have been to in the West that makes a GOOD cheesesteak, one is in Scottsdale and the other in Orange County, CA.Right off the bat their prices are WAY too high for what you get.  They have an option on the menu for "Extra Steak $2.50".  WTF??  I'm paying $10 for a sandwich and there's a chance I might want more steak on my sandwich?  Hell no.  For $10 I had better not be able to finish that thing, just the way it comes.  Well, turns out I should have paid the $2.50 b/c the regular portion was very weak.  Of course then I would have had a $12.50 mediocre cheesesteak instead of a $10 mediocre cheesesteak.This place left a lot to be desired and I'll never waste my time there again.  Just as I had expected... overpriced and mediocre.
4	I went the first time with a roommate who's family was from Philly, so I had high hopes that it would be good, especially if my roommate approved.And it did not disappoint.  The whiz's were definitely on point, and I definitely felt that I was shaving the years off with each bite.  The staff and some customers are good entertainment too, which is always a bonus.Price is a little up there for my liking, considering the local eating alternatives, but during the time I was in the area, it was definitely on my list of places to frequent.
3	Ah, this place only gets 3 stars.....it would get more but...read on:1.  This is a great spot to eat after last call...packed, but damn it's good.  2.  Always get it with Whiz....duh.3.  Fries aren't half bad4.  Be ready to cough up $10-12 for a sandwhich, fries, and a drink.Okay...really....10-12 to eat at this place??????  Rip-off.  That' s my biggest complaint.  It would be different if the food was amazing or it was overflowing with meat....but it's neither of those things.
1	Damn it feels good to be a gangsta... I heard that song last time I walked in. The guy that made my sandwich kept rubbing snot off his nose and didn't wash his hands. He asked me if I wanted the wiz or if I was a skirt... Can you call a girl a skirt....?.... I went with the wiz wanting to appear like a educated philly girl.  It was gross, really gross. The meat tasted freezer burned and so did the fries.. Slathering the crap in cheese wiz only made it more apparent that I was going to have a heart attack before finishing it. Don't eat here, you'll be sorry.. Your stomach will drop kick you over and over. Cheese Wiz is gross.. They have other things on the menu, like greasy grease sloshed around in cheese, or for a healthier version you can add grease soaked mushrooms and peppers to your cheese soaked brittle bun. Warning - Only skirts do that. When you go to Corleones you wanna be a gangsta. Ok maybe not.. but I did want to cap the bitch that frightened me into ordering the wiz..
1	Ok, I'm a dude that likes meat and cheese, so, hey, sandwich with meat and cheese should be pretty awesome, right?  I love Chicago-style Italian Beef, and this is kinda similar components.  So why is the Italian Beef so delicious and the Philly Cheesesteak so repugnant?  Wiz.Blech, blech, blech, blech.  Whoever invented Cheez Wiz needs to be punched right in the balls and made to refund the $10 it cost for this sandwich.
1	The folks working at this place have that inner city "charm."  Except when they act like they were pulled off the streets, unbathed and ready to make your sandwich.  You have to fight for the flea's attention span of the guy who's taking your order over his shouts to his friends outside, the television, and the other people working with him.  The cheese-steak  wasn't that bad, although my cold fries were covered with lukewarm cheez wiz.... nasty.This place is nothing like the location in phoenix.  It's like the diry little brother of the phoenix location.Thumbs down.
3	Wit Wiz is where it's at.  I was surprised and pleased to find an authentic cheesesteak in Tempe.  The large size was more than enough for my wife and I to share.
1	WAY too expensive for what you get.It may be one of the only places in Tempe that uses the authentic "wiz", however I don't want to pay for the novelty when I can get a better sandwich for $3 less at The Munchies Cafe on 6th and Mill.  Corleones offers other cheeses than the "wiz", and when I ordered my sandwich with provolone they didn't give me any crap about it.  That doesnt mean it was good.  The sandwich was almost $10, and it wasn't very big.
3	I have to admit, I love a good Philly Cheesesteak sandwiches...So when I heard about this place I had  try it.  We made the drive down there...park in the parking garage off of 5th st.  Walked to the resturant and was pretty impressed.  Place was really clean, guys behind the counter were as nice as philly people can be.  Then I looked at the menu, saw what I wanted to order and ordered it.  I ordered an full size cheesesteak with cheese wiz...i made it a combo.  I was shocked that it came out to like $13 for a sandwich, drink and fries.  When I finally got my food, I was impressed with the taste but don't know if it's worth the $13 I paid for it.  If you don't want the combo, the full sandwich is still $9.  So if you want a good sandwich, be prepared to friggin pay for it.
3	I liked this place but I don't love it. I had the Chicken Italiano 'wit' grilled onions. I upgraded to a combo and had cheese fries, which was the highlight of the meal. I think if I ever come back I would order everything with philly cheese whiz maybe that will convince me to give this place another star.
2	UPDATE: I originally gave this place 4 stars but I am now giving it about 2. The food is good but the service is just horrible. Typical Philly style is to be a little douchey but this place goes a bit far. The manager (tool that looks about 45 and divorced 3 times) has a huge attitude. He also seems to hire only other dudes that have his same attitude. We go in here about once a week and even though this place is pratically empty everytime the people in there always act like they have never seen us before. So to sum up, douchey dudes with horrible service and food is hit or miss now. Though when it is hit then its pretty damn good but there is no way to know what mood the staff will be in. So try it and maybe youll get lucky but most likely you will be disappointed.I'm not usually a fan of chain places but this place is A-OK! It is a little bit pricey, about $10 for a full size sandwich. Their fries are pretty generic and come frozen out of a bag so dont expect spectacular there. Whenever I go there I get the Steak Italiano, its got provolone, steak, onions and spinach, it is very very tasty! The steak is cooked to perfection usually and all the toppings are chopped up and mixed in nicely. They of course have the classic wiz wit cheesesteak, Im just not a fan of the wiz. The only reason I dont give this place five stars is because of the generic fries and the service. I wish I could give this place 3 1/2 stars because the service is usually pretty blah. The teenagers or college dudes working in there act pretty authentically Philly for a chain place in Arizona. And by authentically Philly, I mean pretty down with the "I dont give a shit" attitude. Overall I give this place a "It doesnt remind me of Nancy Reagan, so Ill be back!" ;
4	I'll take my steak with onion and Provolone, the only way a steak sandwich should be made.. If you like "wiz", someone should wiz on your sandwich.. Talk about a fake cheese product..I like the onion rings over the fries. Sure you can go somewhere else to get a steak sandwich for less, but $10 for a combo is a good deal. Its not a $5 footlong (icky)They serve Coke products the only way to go!
5	I really love this place. It never fails to be high quality and delicious. My only complaint would be the amount/type of seating, but that is just a mere location issue. And as far as cheese wiz vs. provolone or whatever people use on their cheese steaks, I think it's however you prefer it, and I know people from Philly that take it both ways.
1	WARNING!!!!  EXTREMLEY RUDE EMPLOYEES!!!!If i could give a half or quarter star i would!!!!!  But one star is the only option.You wouldnt beleive how the staff treats you here. Completley unprofessinal and these guys have no idea what the word Hospitality means, BTW, no part of my story is inflated or exagerated!! Everything is right onCame out to Tempe to watch the Angels spring training games, Saturday the 21st of March, around 430pm after the Angels and brews game we headed back toward our hotel and stopped by this place to give them a go. i go inside with my buddy and his fiance. I ordered first, got the cheesesteak hoagie togo. once he hands it to me i asked if i could get a side of ranch. he grabs it and as he hands it to me he asks  "are you putting that on your sandwitch" I replied with a Yes. He then rolls his eyes and gives me a huge sigh, Then he actually tells me that if he'd known it was for the cheesesteak he would have never given it to me...... Excuse me, I just paid you  $10 for a hoagie and your going to stand there and tell me how to eat my cheese steak.. My friends and I are completley blow away by the way this guy is talking to me. very unprofessinal. By this point  he's standing behind the grill and has stopped cooking even though he had orders there and begins to get into a verbal confrontation with me. Looks toward my friend and Starts yelling at him as well. Then the indigent looking Cashier comes by to back is patron up, completley oblivious to whats been happening. The funny thing here is that  back at the room I'm telling my brother about what happened, he just begins to laugh, and he tells me he was there friday day and the exact same thing happened to him. Thats not it though, this happened to my friend the night before because he didnt hear them calling his name to pick up his hoagie,   Well that friend ended up walking in to use the bathroom and gave me a higfive, the guys look at him and tell me they were yelling at him last night because he forgot his cheesesteak. It seemed as though they were trying to backpeddle and use him as an excuse to why they where being complete douchbags toward my self and friends. But he didnt even know i knew him till he gave me the high five as he walked in. I though it be best to walk out side and just leave things the way they where, I was obviously not getting anywhere with these guys. Now the hoagie was good. I've never had it with wiz and i have to say i enojy it a bit more than with the provelone. So, Sandwitch good, But incompetent employees BAD!!!!  And its sad to say this but Corleones will never see my money AGAIN!!!!    Even if you had the best cheesesteaks in the world pissing off your guests isnt a good thing for business. Funny, i have two friends that work at Tavern, and Another a zuma, And a waiter at La Bocca.  They all told me I'm not the first to be treated this way, I know im not local but you never know who your talking to. Angry cook, dont get to comffy at this place, I say give an education another try cause you didnt seem to bright as is. Cashier, shave your beard...you look homeless.  Corliones, Great cheesesteak but that was my first and last one!!!!
3	I think if you're drunk you'll eat anything... that being said my philly cost me almost $10 and it wasn't until I got my receipt back that I noticed they added cheese wiz. I can't say that I would choose to eat here or cheese wiz other than at 2 am, but it def. serves its purpose.
4	I love Corleone's.  I couldn't believe it was so hard to find an authentic philly in such a big city but Corleone's  is pretty dead on, right down to the soggy bun and wiz.  personally, not a wiz fan, but the fact that they have it is great .  Not sure why people are complaining about something they chose to put on their sandwich.  TASTYCAKES TOO!The employees have always been nice when i've been there, not the typical brand of pushover yuppie that has taken over Tempe tho' so maybe thats why some of the more "sensitive" folks have taken issue w/ good natured teasing.East coast atmosphere and east coast food,  on the expensive side for being a cheesesteak dive but it's worth it since you cant get them anywhere else in this stinkin' desert :)
5	Went to the Mill Ave location and ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with wiz.  It was greasy, oily, fatty, and absolutely perfect.   I'd probably die of a heart attack if I ate it every day, but I was in town for only one night and had it both for dinner the first  night and for lunch the next day.  I will have to work hard to keep myself away from it when I return to Phoenix.Oh, and I should mention that the guy who appeared to be the manager was very friendly and cordial.  These small things make a difference to me.  Also, although others have felt the price was a bit high, I cannot complain about paying $10 and being fully satisfied.
1	You get what you pay for when you use wiz and Sysco steak-um. Nuf said.
3	I stopped in with a friend who wanted "a sandwich" when we were on Mill a few days ago. We were instantly greeted by the owner of the restaurant and given the "run-down" of who he is, why he's here, etc. etc. He explained that "this aint no fuckin' Quiznos" and gave us some suggestions as we were standing agape in front of a colossal pyramid of cheese whiz cans. The cheese whiz. I'm not sure if I get it. Isn't this just... Velveeta? Do I really want that on a sandwich? Probably not. But I really didn't have a choice. I told him to make the sandwich the real way. And apparently that meant drizzling that shit all over a pile of meat and putting it on some bread. (And some really good bread at that). It was good.  Although, I'm still thinking the provolone would have been better. I suppose I just never acquired a taste for the stuff. +4 stars for the food and hospitality/surliness. -1 star for the just-slightly-too-high prices. All in all, this is one of the better places to eat on Mill.
1	No Stars wasn't available, Come here if you want to be treated like you are doing them a favor by buying their overpriced sandwiches.I guess they serve "Philly Style" customer service also.
5	I was born and raised in South Philly, the birth place of the cheese steak, hoagies, and all foods that will eventualy clog your arteries, or at the very leat be well worth the self induced heart burn, mmmm. lOCATING this place was literarly a food oasis in the desert, otherwise known as Sun Valley, Tempe, AZ. The owner and his staff were home grown guys that I grew up with in school, not them personaly, but that type of over friendly, a bit rough aruond the edges type. The owneer was so happy to have a guy from Philly eating there that he gave me afew bucks off my meal, which was about as authentic as you are going to get out in taco bell land. No offense Phoenix area people, but you are plagued with Meexican food and spicy SW resturants galore....and believe, you, me, I love those types of foods, but man, byt he time I stumbled upon Corleone's, my looking glass self persona was in full sing,that South Philly persona erupted outof me, similar to the Hulk in a crisis situation!      The practicality of shelling out $9.00 for a cheese steak is even a bit steep back home in Philly, but in my mind's eye, it was worth the taste of home, under the tripple digit sunshine, no rain fall weather, that Arizona was offerign me last weekend! I do understand there are several other resturant to select from on Mill St is it...? but this place is worth it if you want to taste the real deal from my hometown of Philadelphia. PS. GO PHILLIES!!!!
5	The owner was very talkative, but I wouldn't call him rude. He was actually quite nice. I didn't get any attitude for changing my cheesesteak to no onions with provolone instead of cheese wiz. It was delicious too. I wish they had this place in Chicago.Visited: 11/19/09
2	If you're calling an Italian sando 'The Godfather', I'd expect more than the taste of lettuce and pickled peppers, unless, of course, said Godfather was a vegetarian.  I can see the pepperoni, cappy, mortadella, et al...I just can't taste them. Crappy.Service = apathetic.Extra info:  Blaring Hall and Oates in a space that size doesn't make the dining experience better.  Just saying...
4	To all of you folks who stare in disbelief at the cheez whiz cans, this place isn't for you.  This place is for those of us who fell in love with Pat's Steaks and can't afford to fly to Philly when we get that urge for a giant slab of yummy goodness.  Seriously, I refuse to buy a cheesesteak sandwich from any shop that doesn't have the whiz.The owner is a nice guy.  The fact that he tries to make conversation while you make your order when most cashier drones at other shops just give you disinterested looks is a plus.  True, the conversation may veer toward awkward or strange, but at least he's being personable. I won't take that away from the man.The only thing that I don't like about Corleone's is the price.  I will still pay what they're asking for what amounts to the best damn cheesesteak this side of the Susquehanna river, but I'd be much happier if the prices lined up with what I used to pay at Pat's.  If the prices came down, I'd be there a whole lot more.
2	I really liked this place when I came here during college :(I got excited to stop by again after leaving from school, so i scooted over as soon as I had a chance.  I got there, and saw the menu, and the whiz, and got pretty excited!And I kept looking the menu.  And kept looking.  And kept looking.  And then wondered if anyone was working?  And looked at my friend, confusedly.  And then we bounced.We just sat there for a few minutes, with nothing going on.  How does that happen?  We ended up walking down the street to get food...immediately :(It also looked more expensive than I remember it being, but I could be wrong.  I don't remember paying $9 for a regular sized sandwich tho.Also, they were playing Ion on their TV.  Ion?  Wtf?  There was football and basketball on.   And they were playing...Ion?I still have a fondness in my heart for this place but...how can I positively review a place where it didn't look like people were working?
3	Pretty good stuff.  Get the #1-the original and don't forget the onions and the whiz!  Employees were personable.  Food was fast and hot.  Nice, casual setting.
4	I am in no way an expert on Philly Cheese Steaks. I just happen to know the right people and the ones who have searched out good food. So my friend who lived in Philly for quite a few years had searched out Corleone's and informs me that this Cheese Steak is the closest thing you can find to a genuine Philly Cheese Steak! So we went to try it, and my only regret is that I did not find this place sooner! They cook the meat right there for you, so you don't question its freshness! I of course ordered my with Cheese Whiz, which I am kind of embarrassed to say, but I love my Whiz. I was informed that what makes this a Philly Cheese Steak is the bread, the way it meltdown to nothing but the crust just enough to keep the meat in. Not sure if that factor went into why this is a sandwich I dream about and I must get my Corleone fix at least one a month! If only it were closer to work! Oh well! Its worth being late!
4	I'm a west coast kid, born and raised, I've never had a "real" philly cheesesteak but I can't see it getting much better than Corleone's. I've been a frequent customer for the last 3 years and loved it every time, weather its 2 am after a big night on mill or middle of the afternoon, they fire out great sandwiches.  The down side, as with most things in life, its expensive and not getting cheaper.  When I first went to Corleone's, a #1 combo(philly steak with whiz and onions plus fries and a drink) was about $9 and they had "2 for Tuesday" buy any sub get an equal sub for free.   Now a combo is almost $13 and Tuesday's are buy a large get a half free.  The guy thats usually working is hilarious if you get him on a tangent, just be ready for profanity and a few inappropriate jokes.Delivery is usually an option although if the store is too busy or you live to far away they may not deliver.
5	I love this place!  Coming from PA, I know a great cheese steak and Corleone's is the best outside of PA.  I love that they sell Tastycakes as well...yummy!
1	We had friends in town from out of state and wanted to take them to Corleone's since it was one of our favorite casual restaurants. We were there on July 12, 2010 around 1:30pm or 2:00pm. When we walked in the door, we were given the spiel about how much better Corleone's is than other cheesesteak places. He (the manager) even went as far as to put down the other Corleone's restaurant on 16th street and Camelback in Phoenix that we frequent quite often, like at least weekly sometimes a couple times a week.Keith (or so he said that was his name), the manager, proceeded to  make cocaine and drug references about the food. Saying that his creation flies out the door like cocaine, good drugs and gold bars. After we stated that we didn't appreciate the drug and cocaine references because we had a 14 year old girl with us, he proceeded to make an inappropriate remark about her looking more "mature" than a 14 year old girl. One of us left with the 14 year old and her mother. When asked who the manager was, he told us that he was and tried to shake hands. After refusing to shake his hand and starting to walk out the door, he said and don't ever grace my door again...no problem, we would NEVER go back. It's sad that a person like this can ruin a very good restaurant for more than one location but I am seriously considering never going to another Corleone's since someone like that can be a manager.
2	I've been to Corleone's a few times now, and it's not terrible. I couldn;t really pinpoint what it was, but none of the toppings really had that "oomph" you look for in a great cheesesteak. I must admit, I was a little disappointed. Philly cheesesteaks are just a classic food and I was really expecting a little more, especially for the price. It's not that the food is bad, but the price is definitely high for the taste. I just have a hard time spending that much on a cheesesteak when there is a Jimmy John's (much cheaper) and a Five Guys Burgers (delicious) just a little down the street. One upside, though, is the Cheez Whiz. That stuff, in my opinion, is a great way to make Cheesesteaks and one of the main reasons I wanted to come to Corleone's in the first place. There just aren't that many places around that offer Cheez Whiz for their cheesesteaks. I'll probably be back only because of the convenience of the location. I know that I'll catch myself craving another great cheesesteak (as I do often) while I am near here and end up going in to give it just one more chance, only to be disappointed as I was the other few times I went in.
5	full of grease tons of meat cheese wiz ... the real deal... just like they make them in the 215... authentic philly cheese steaks at this place
5	I still remember the first time I walked in to try the sandwiches at Corleone's.I stood there in front of the register gazing at the menu thinking about what I would or should or could order. The guy with a military type buzz cut  interrupted unfocused decision making process asking me if this were my first time in. I responded saying yes and he immediately punched in a few buttons on the register as he told me what I would be having.For a moment I though to myself "what a rude a-hole but then I thought well the guy knows whats good there and then I thought about how many times I wanted to just skip passed the silliness of dealing with indecisiveness of many people I had to work with and decided I liked that jerk who took my order.I must say the order was definitely not what I would have ever chosen for myself but it was insanely good. It actually became the most common sandwich I would eat from that place. I introduced many people to this place and most feel the same that it is very good.Now that I am here in Dallas, TX I have even recommended this place to friends out here when I found out they would be going out to Scottsdale for business. They ended up coming back bragging about how much they liked it.
3	A tasty, convenient spot for lunch/dinner. A slice of Philadelphia right in our own back yard.
3	I had lunch here and to be honest its the first time I've ever eaten a cheese steak sand which. That being said it was dee-lish the steak was cooked perfectly,the roll was fresh and soft but had a bite and a nice chewiness. Lunch was a little pricey at$10 for a regular sand which but it was definitely worth it. They just started delivering and I'm lucky enough to live in their delivery area. If your in Tempe on mill ave and want a great cheese steak make sure and check out Corleones.
1	Yeah, the food here isn't all that bad.  I'd give the food 4 stars by itself.  But...Service = shitrestaurant = shitNormally you get what you pay for, but the prices here are a fucking insane.  On my last visit, I paid somewhere around 14 dollars for a cheesesteak, fries, and drink and slice of pizza.  The girl at the counter told me a price after I asked her roughly what the total would be (told me all that would be about 8 bucks) and after ringing up the total, it was around 14.  OK...  When asked what I wanted on it, I asked for wiz but light on it.  A few people working there laughed at me.  Hey fuckers, were not in Philly, were in the desert.  Some of us don't like that much on the sandwich.  A guy making my sandwich spills some steak on the counter, picks it up with his fingers and puts it back on the sandwich.  Nice.  He gives me a "what is your problem" look.  Another lady working there spent the ENTIRE time (waiting in line, ordering, waiting for food, and eating) looking at her cell phone.Anyway, the food is awesome, worth trying if you don't mind the price tag.  Sitting in the restaurant to eat itself is cramped.  I was lucky enough to get a seat at the "bar" that is crooked.  My drink falls over.  I try to clean it up but there is a line of people standing around me.  I give up.  The condiment bar looks like a dog gnawed a ton of shit together and left it there.  I couldn't tell what was what.  They were out of ketchup.  I didn't even bother telling them.I will agree that the food here does resemble what you get in Philly (minus the pizza, stay away from that.  Came out cold, told them, they did nothing) but hardly worth putting up with the fucking service there.  If I wanted to be treated like shit I'll go to work, but I'm not paying for it.*updated as of 3/17/211*Lowering to one star.  Decided to give this place a try again and they pissed me off.  Ordered two slices of pizza before a St. Patricks day adventure.  Ordered to a guy who told me to "wait a second" as he was checking his cell phone.  For about two minutes.  What the fuck?  Took my order and I waited.  Drunk college girls came in after me (bear in mind, this was around 6p.m.) and gave my food to them because they ordered the same thing.  I wait.  Again longer.   He flirts with them.  I ask him about my food.  He is checking his cell phone.  I hear employees at the soda fountain saying "We aren't going to have enough fucking ice tonight!" as they asked the cook for a kitchen knife to cut ice bags open.  Cook take the knife back after it is it used for cutting open ice bags and dropped two times on the floor, and hands it back to the cook.  I only was able to observe this because I spent the better part of 20 minutes waiting for my food with nothing else to do.  He cuts bread with it without washing it.  Lovely.Since they "forgot" about my order so John Q. Cashregister could forget about mine and give it away to try and hook up with college girl customer, my pizza slices were only warmed up for about 30 seconds.  The center was cold.  A few bites into it, I throw the rest in the garbage.And the napkin dispenser is out.  I tell the guy but he is too obsessed with getting pussy.  F this place.I hope the owner of this place reads this.
5	I have to preface that every time I've visited this location it has been after midnight and I might have been pretty intoxicated. With that said, yummy yummy drunken food! I love that they are open after the bars close. I love to get a side of hot sauce to dip my sandwich in. Nice tool to soak up the alcohol.
3	After enjoying a drink at a nearby bar I decided to grab a bite to eat at Corleone's.  The first thing I noticed was the pizzas sitting near the counter waiting to be served by the slice and they looked really good.  Since this is a Philly place, however, I opted for the cheesesteak.  I am slightly biased against Philly's most famous cuisine (I prefer pizza, hot dogs and kebabs) but they offered wiz as a cheese selection and I have not come across many places outside of Philly that offer whiz.Overall I was impressed with the steak but it wasn't great (I've had better in Philly and here in Phoenix) and they were skimpy on the whiz.  My biggest grip was the price.  It came $13.38 for a steak, fries and drink.  That's too much money for the amount of food and quality.But I will be going back to try the pizza because it looked really good.  If they can sell me on the pie I just might have to reevaluate my rating.
2	I work on Mill Ave and wanted to try something new so I gave Corleone's a shot. A sign on the window advertised a Phili Combo for $5 or $6 available everyday however, when I asked the guy inside about a lunch combo he rudely informed me that they don't have one. I still gave it a chance and got the small Buffalo Chicken Phili. The sandwich was alright but not worth the $7.50 I payed for it. There wasn't much meat and the bread fell apart after the first bight. I definitely won't be back.
3	Tasty overall.   Good cheesesteak but a little pricey.   7.50 for a half sandwich with the works.  Add 2.50 for soda and fries.   Good philly memorabilia on the wall.
4	I've been coming to this place for quite awhile because of the Philly Whiz.  There is something about rib eye steak grilled up with onions and cheese whiz!!  Only downside is if you want the value meal with the regular sized sandwich you are going to pay $10+.
4	We need 1/2 stars on Yelp cuz I want to do a few extra points for the fact that these guys are from Northeast Philly and are proud of it.  They put it down on Mill Ave daily and they are actually worth the stop here out West.  If you know how to order, you can get the perfect replica of the masterpiece that Philly is known for and be assured that it is the genuine article.Now if that makes sense... you might be the one to sling wiz on a perfectly good sandwich deserving All White American!  I like mine with fried onions, banana peppers, mustard, mayo, and a wee bit of ketchup too!Plus they have Tastykakes every once in a while.
3	I've had there pepperoni pizza a couple of times now when they were doing $9.99 pizza specials.  The pizza is A-OK for the price but takes forever to come out.  I have yet to try a cheese steak here and will update my rating after I give it a try.  Guy behind the counter was really confused or extremely hungover  when I came in for an early lunch.
3	I am from the Philly area and never miss a chance to get a cheesesteak and a hoagie when I go home.  I tried both at Corleone's and the results were mixed.  The cheesesteak was just about right.  Although it needed a little salt, the bread was good and the steak tasted very good.  I don't like cheese whiz, so I was glad that there was a choice.  There is no consensus on that particular choice at home either (I almost never see cheese whiz in the suburbs, where some of the best sandwiches are made).  I was trying to figure out whether to go with 3 or 4 stars as I tried the hoagie.  I went with three.  The hoagie was not good at all.  It had way too much ham, not enough of the spicy Italian meats, the provolone was not prominent enough, and there was not enough oregano.  So this is a great place to go for steaks, although a bit expensive, but I would steer clear of the hoagies.
5	I've eaten here many times over the years and feel that they serve the best Philly Cheese Steaks around!  I love the atmosphere and great location in the heart of Tempe!  Their AC can't keep up with the Summer heat in August.. that would be my only complaint.
4	Been hearing all the buzz about Corleone's Philly Sammies here at work, and was told by a coworker to goto their website & sign up for their fan club, and I did and got a free small sandwich! Hot Damn!! That makes this place all right with me!! I do love the free stuff.  I checked out their menu and decided on the Little Joey's Cheesteak Hoagie with grilled onions and mozzarella cheese!  I did get a little harassment for picking the Joey, but hey I got a lil Joe in my life that I'm very fond of, so why not go with a good thing right! The sandwich was delish!! The steak was tender the bread was firm yet not tough to bite. I think if Im every in the mood for a philly sammie I will be back & will try with Philly Cheesteak! Love finding new lunch spots!
1	I wish there was an option for ZERO stars.  I came here one late night after a night out in Tempe.  We went to Corleone's for two reasons - 1, we were hungry and 2, we needed to use the restroom badly.  As one of the few open places in the area, it seemed like a good plan.  However, after ordering our mediocre sandwiches, which we waited over 15 minutes for, we were told the bathroom is closed at night, even for the employees!What kind of establishment is allowed to be open, serving food, and does not even have a restroom?I think they should be shutdown.
4	this Philly girl was extremely happy :)  I was shocked to find a cheesesteak place that truly reminded me of home! but make sure you get 'wiz wit out' !!  Tiny tiny little place .... we were there in the middle of the day on a Saturday before school started so service or lines were definitely not a problem.  I can definitely see this place being crazy busy at around 1 am on a Friday night :)
4	Upon my first visit to Corleone's (On Mill Ave),  I asked the cashier what to order. He told me to get the regular cheese-steak "wit wiz" and onions. I was skeptical about the 'wiz' but I shouldn't have been!! My cheese-steak was absolutely delish!! The wiz melted perfectly over the freshly cooked meat/onions, and that concoction nestled perfectly in a fresh bun! Also, the crispy/flavorful fries complimented my sandwich perfectly. I wouldn't order take-out (for fear of soggy-bun-syndrome) but I will definitely go back to Corleones anytime I get that craving for an amazing cheese-steak and casual/fun atmosphere.
1	$13 for a bland, large cheesesteak. $13 for a bland, large cheesesteak with 5 pieces of mushrooms that we paid extra for. $13 for a bland, large cheesesteak that we ordered with fries -- we got about 10 pieces for that $3.Absolute and utter rip off. Semi-friendly cashier who seemed hell bent on rushing us through our order even though there was NO ONE BEHIND US.NO.NEVEREVERagain. EVER.If I could give this place zero stars and burn it down in the process, I would. It was shiteous. Absolutely shiteous.Am I making myself clear? I think I am.
1	Horrible. Slow. Bland. Overpriced. Period.If you're into dry cheesesteaks that take 20 mins to get to you. This is your spot.
5	Twice a year treat. Love this place for lunches during the Winter and Spring street fair. VERY pricey, but the cheese fries are delicious. Worth trying at least once in your life! Can get crowded, so be warned!
3	This place has cheap pizza by the slice & is open late night.  The pizza tastes okay.That is all.
1	The service is horrible, I asked if I could change my order before she even entered it into the computer, and she told me no. When I got the sandwich it was dry and bland, the bun was hard and dry but the worst was the fries, a couple of them were still frozen and a couple were rapped in hair. Gross. Not a place I will go back too.
3	Had the Pizza. Wasn't anything to brag about. Just ok.
2	I read these reviews, and ordered anyway.. BIG MISTAKE!! Soggy, cold, WAY overpriced... back to pizza hut and jimmy johns if i need a meal to come to me
3	i tried the philly original and it was just okay.  all i tasted was salt.  i ordered fries too and those were covered in salt too.in my opinion it seemed pricey for the quality of food.the service seemed good and exciting.
4	I love love love the food- thank goodness I don't live close anymore- I could gain a lot of weight :) It's perfect for a casual night out on Mill Ave. It is not a formal date place but still has a good atmosphere. Personally, it is only a once in a blue moon things nowadays because it's just too expensive...
4	we went on Sunday around 7, they were not busy.  They were freindly and we enjoyed the food. got 3 cheeseteaks and cheese sauce for fries. Sandwich rolls were great, cheese was wizz-y, and service wasn't slow at all.  We drove 29 miles form Goodyear to go and weren't disappointed!
1	Sad place for a cheese steak. Back when they first opened they were pretty decent, now this place is a joke. Also when ordering over the phone they place you on hold for 10 minutes before they decide to assist you in placing your order. The hold tone is silence with a loud beep every 5 seconds it's maddening. There delivery range is LAME and there food is soggy and has no flavor..... This place is a JOKE
4	Their thin pizza is just like my favorite back in Portland, OR.  It tastes just like Escape from New York Pizza. When it's right out of the oven, the cheese oozes and the crust melts in your mouth.  I've had their Philly cheesesteak sandwiches before, but I'd go back for their pizza.  The only downside is that it's surrounded by meter parking and I went here because we were at the Tempe Festival of the Arts and the kids were hungry and I saw the "pizza" sign.  I'm glad I went here. Another patron in front of me was very excited that they sell Tastykake cupcakes and snacks...
5	great lunch specials and good staff, for $4.99 you can get a sandwich, chips and drink.. not bad on Mill Ave
1	Let me start by saying after my experience I surly wish they had half or quarter stars and I am not often found with a lack of words but this is going to take some effort to stomach.Strolled into this establishment at about 1:30 am, now to their credit I fully understand the crowd on mill at these hours so I lower my levels of expectations..Place is moderately busy as we walk in, I get to the counter, order some pepperoni pizza and a pretzel with 2 drink cups. Second drink cup is forgot after they ran out of the dispenser, after I remind him he gets a fresh stock of cups to replenish his dispenser but first takes his hand, fingers placed inside the cup and hand me one. Yuck.. Gf didn't catch it so I gave her the first cup and took the lingering finger taste cup as my own.Fast forward a few minutes, guy is in there , his friends are loud and his face is cut wide open from who knows what incident.. He is arguing and finally his friends get him out the door. Now if I ran this place that guy and his yelling and problems would have been asked to stay, his hands Nd bloody shirt bumping and squeezing past people was discussing . But.. Let's let that go because it's busy and again this is MIll and it is 2 am..Fast forward 10 minutes.. Tell the guy the ice machine is out, several minutes later.. They fill it.. Again it's busy, no big deal on that one, and with the high temp in the place maybe it killed on the fingerprint bacteria in my cup while we waited.. "I'm a wishful thinker"Several more minutes go buy of people bustling past, smearing nastily cheese wish sandwich wrappers all o over the floor as We walked by "place was trashed" I go back up and ask the guy for our order.. He said", oh sorry forgot" I was amused but it's just sliced pizza and a pretzel.. He tosses them in the oven, and a couple minutes later I get them. Well pizza had obviously been there forever but it was pizza, pretzel was hard as a rock and couldn't eat it.Then the show starts.. there had been a few people in there, that obviously knew the gentlemen working the register, the flooding actions are the cause for this reviewing of the above..Short list-employee is wiping his sweaty face by hand, receiving money..then is prepping pizza with topping BY BARE HAND.. Placing it in the oven, all with out gloves. This occurs over and over, then when his friends arrive there is a round of hand slaps... Um.. Where did these guys come from, did they wash their hands?, eww.  So in the 45 minutes I am in here,no hand washing, no gloves..his hands on food, toppings, money, hands, face, along with all over surfaces possible. Freaking DISGUSTING.But it gets better.. His friends that he is conversing with are about to ice the cake..  One of them this red headed guy is reaching behind the counter near the pick up, and grabbing fries out of the Bin with his hands.. This happens no less than 10 times..Another one ask his to meet them in the bathroom... Um what? Yes.. That locked bathroom father 1 am that is closed off to customers.. Hmm my imagination can only wonder what brief activity occurred in the restroom. could my dazed and non health conscious server and front man for this business also be doing drug's one can only speculate. His actions after reflected a very relaxed and dazed person.Where I will give this guy a couple points, is end of the night he started picking up the place as it had slowed, well this obviously is his job and they have to clean up at the end of the night anyways..but was surprised at this point. At this point and my food not eaten we are done being entertained by watching all this and he asked to take our plate at which time he noticed I didn't eat much. He asked if the pretzel was not good and I choose this time to politely tell him the reasons above as why we didn't finish. He took it in stride, with no attitude but said simply they got busy and backed up. I do appreciate that but honestly there is ZERO excuse for even a small percentage of the actions to have taken place. I see this as a health risk and was more comfortable at taco stands in Mexico than this establishment. In short, I'll be contacting the owner of this location. I do realize this is a late night food offering, I do realize the clientele, but I also know this is unacceptable and some poor guy who is mismanaging this place needs a wake up call.I will be back very soon, if anything just to see if changes are made after I voice my concerns. If needed ill be happy to forward my videos to the county health inspector.-Thanks for reading this little novel.
4	They use Cheese Whiz, what else is there to say? One of these bad boys and you have a meal, and believe me, i am a big guy. Been to Philly many a time, and these are the real deal on cheese steaks. Worth the trip, and is my favorite fast food here in the valley
3	These are authentic cheesesteaks, but I just realized that I'm not a huge fan of the authentic style. In my perfect cheesesteak (likely outside of philly), the meat and cheese and onions are folded in together to create more of gooey experience. Actually in the hundreds of cheesesteaks I have had outside Philly, this is the way it is prepared. In the Corleone's version, which was still pretty decent, they slather a very thin layer (could have used more) of whiz on the bottom of the roll and put the meat and grilled onions on top of that cheese. All that said, the ribeye was pretty good, but the meat might already have been chopped and placed on the grill because despite what the cook said, I never heard him chopping up my meat on the grill and the sandwich was ready way to quick. The meal was probably a few bucks overpriced (almost 11 bucks for the 6 inch and fries and soda). The fries were good, crunchy, but nothing memorable. Authentic for sure, if you like em that way.
2	I wanted to like this place because I like pizza and subs, which is what they do. But after giving it two tries two days in a row, I have to provide my "completely honest review" to you. So here it is: Day 1: I ordered a turkey sub. It took a long time to arrive. I mean about 15 minutes. For a sub. I know, right? And I was in town on business so was dining with a few coworkers. They each had a similar wait. Was the sandwich worth the wait? Not really. It was mostly bread and just a little meat. They threw some mayo on it, but it's probably my fault for not asking for more stuff. If that was even an option. Which I don't know. But I do know the sub needed more. A lot more. Now in fairness, I should tell you that they do provide a free, small fixins bar. This contains an assortment of peppers and pickles. So I could have and should have doctored it up with some of that stuff. Day 2: I came in with a coworker for a quick slice of pizza before we headed back to the airport. Except it wasn't so quick. I ordered a single slice of pepperoni and they went to heat it up for me. This was a nice touch. I got to talking to my colleague and lost track of the time. I also wasn't expecting to get my slice fast because my long wait from the previous day was still fresh in my mind. So after another 10 or 15 minutes passed, I went to ask about my pizza. The server went to the oven, opened it, and stood back as a big cloud of smoke came billowing out. Oh they didn't forget to put my pizza IN the oven. They just forgot to take it OUT. And we were literally the only two customers in the place.They heated another one up for me. And did not burn this one. The pizza was average but not bad. So all in all, not the greatest experience either time. I'd probably just pass on this and go to one of the other spots nearby. There's a much better pizza place just two doors down.
1	Ordered 10 pizzas for delivery for a special event only 4 blocks from Corleones.  After 1 hour past delivery time and 3 phone calls, went to restaurant and picked up the pizzas.  Was told a variety of stories during the 3 calls, all misleading.Won't be back!
5	I am from the east coast and I haven't found an awesome cheesesteak until I ordered from here! And there is no delivery fee.
5	Real Cheez Whiz on your cheesesteak... YES!!! A great end to any night of drinking.
1	I should know better than to go against the yelp family when it comes to trying some of these places. Seriously this place was like a trip to the doctor and you find out you need to get your colon checked. Not fun but necessary according to some people. I do not eat out very much anymore but can not say no to a cheese steak sandwich. Something about that thin sliced meat, onions, and melted cheese makes me feel like all is right in the world. But with my first bite of over cooked, cold, and tasteless meat I was kicked in the meatballs and brought back to reality.It amazes me that a place that seems to focus on one thing does such a bad job at it! It is like McDonald's and their crappy burgers, or taco bell and their mystery meat/refried bean concoctions. Why can't these places stop with all the dorky names and just work on making their food taste better? Corleone needs to start by adding seasoning to their meat while removing some of the grease (what you can see through the bag? Forget about it!!) Listen I do not mind a little grease but if your bag starts to dissolve due to the amount of fat dripping out of the sandwich then we have a problem. Also for the price ($14) I could have purchased a rib eye steak, sub rolls, an onion, steak fries, slice cheese, and a 2 liter of soda and made enough food for 4 people! A sandwich with fries and onion ring (ok to be fair there were about 4 in the bag) for $14 was not worth the effort to get it, or money spent to eat it. Pass this place on by unless you like being made an example of, the example of a sucker that is!Btw saying a place uses Cheese Whiz means nothing as the stuff sucks and you can buy it at the supermarket.
4	Great Philly style pizza!Watch out for homeless coming in and asking for a piece!
2	Very first time I tried this a year and a half ago, and  it was great, I loved it. Everytime I have gone in since then seems like it has gone down hill. I like ordering the underboss, and it has turned in to very bland chicken cheesesteak. Not even the onions and cheese help add flavor to the sanwhich.  The fries are always cold and stale. I will not be coming here again.
5	This place has the best Philly cheese steaks in the Phoenix metro area. I have one thing to say and that is get it "whiz wit" the cheese and onion combination makes it heavenly. The second best thing is their fries which are always crisp and not too greasy. I recommended this a foodie from New York who's husband is from Philly and they both commented that this place is "legit".
3	Well, succinctly and too the point for you.  I am a native of the original area where the Cheese steak has been made famous (Philadelphia, PA.) and after a decade of trying them here and even longer around the world and country, this has come the closest to the real thing!  It is not a perfect hit but the certainly the "best" option for me when I crave a bit of home.  I am not sure of other locations; but, the Tempe (Mill Avenue) location is the one that I will continue to go to.  As a chain, it is pretty darn close to offering an authentic fare and compared to other venues that I have tried they have at least come close to hitting the mark.  This is appreciated too.  The value is decent too since they don't necessarily rake you over the "cost" coals for their product.  They are not the cheapest and they are not the most.  They border on being bit pricey at the end of the day.  I have seen their service deteriorate a tad since I fist tried them years ago, but I am not too picky with this "quasi" buffet or stand in line, order and wait to pick up your sandwich type design.  Overall, it is just above average to above average; hence, the three stars (3.5 stars really).
2	I went to eat here once...wasn't super impressed with the place or the cheesesteak, I have never been to Philly to have one, but this wasn't great. The meat is kinda bland and stringy and the bread was OK.These guys show up at my job every once in a while to give out free samples. They should probably think that through though...their samples aren't very good.I did see a porn video that was shot with them in the background once though. (It was an 'on-the-street flashing' video.
5	Went to this place on a Sat night at around midnight after drinking.  There was a fresh pizza coming right out of the oven as we walked in.  I ordered two slices, cost me $4.50 so cheap!  Delicious pizza and steaming hot.  The cashier was super nice and friendly, and unlike Paisan's next door, gave me a free cup of water!
4	I really love the Cheese steaks here.  Always try and make my way here when I'm in the Tempe area.  I recommended this place to a friend and her family that she was visiting and her Uncle wanted to know if he could eat here for breakfast.  hahha.  Good place, solid food.  Will be back.
5	Really good slices by az standards
3	The service was terrible but the food was good. The guy who waited on us was not very nice. He seemed as if he didn't want us to eat there but we did anyway! :-) I probably won't eat there again. Oh well...
4	Great pizza, cool place to chill out and catch a game til the sun goes down.
5	I just love love love this place, I have been looking for the cheese steak that resembles my home town cheese steak.I request my cheese steak with cheese wiz, marinara sauce in the steak and no onions, this is the closest thing to a true Philly cheese steak, people do not realize most Philly cheese steaks are really not Philly cheese steaks at all. A true cheese steak is shredded steak,,,shredded people, SHREDDED! LOL :)My brother loves the pepperoni steak sandwich, with the marinara sauce.The pizza looks awesome, New York style, hand tossed, looks as close to home hand tossed, this will be my next venture but I can't help but get my sandwich every visit.Staff is always terrific and food is excellent.They also have Tastykakes, most of the time.
3	I would give this a 3.5Their cheesesteaks are HUGE!! The Regular ($9) can easily feed two people but probably not ravenous men. Also this is kind of random but I had a bite or two of fries from M, and they were really good. It was really crisped and seasoned nicely. I don't know why they stood out so much but it did!
1	Don't tell me the delivery will be 45min - 1hr if it's going to be 1.5hr. Now 4 people have missed their lunch hour and will have to wait hours to eat the cold delivery. Don't ask me on the phone if I'm paying in cash, not tell me the total, then NOT give your driver any change. Are you effing kidding me? he's 30 min late instead of telling me $40 is ok instead of $42, he tells ME to go ask coworkers for $3 since he can't break a $20. NO APOLOGY OR explanation for the lateness. Worst customer service, never ordering again. I signed up for yelp just to write this I'm so irritated.
3	Always passed by this establishment and wanted to try so today I did just thatThe interior could use some renovations/updates... It is just really worn/dated...The guy who helped take my order was very nice and helpful. I wanted to get one of the sausage subs/sannys but the sausage was not thoughed so I decided on the cheese steak with provolone cheese and fried onions... It was actually pretty good and hot. If I had known about the cheese wiz, I might have gotten that, maybe next time... I also wanted to add some off the yellow peppers but they looked like they had been sitting all day so I passed them... I tossed some crushed red pepper on though and it was good... All in all... The visit was fine... The interior was really the downside... Food was good and service was good... Oh and prices were pretty okay...
1	came to Arizona for a relaxing weekend and ended up at this HORRIBLE place. First i ordered a custom pizza and the ingredients were horrible blank no taste and the sauce taste like nothing. I paid $20 for a small pizza not worth it. But it does not stop there. There was a married couple were the girl wanted the whole place to listen into her personal life with father in-law issues! A man approached her to pipe down and that started an on going fight from verbal into mild physical! yet this went on for 15 or more minutes and the manager or workers said nothing from the beginning to these people to at least get them out. Never again will i make the mistake of coming here! Were was the boss?
1	Worst place ever. No credit card machine, no ice, no pizza??? Close the doors already!
2	What a mess...at noon on a Sunday, they were out of dough (no pizza!?), two of the employees were clueless about the menu and unfriendly, and when we chose the already made cheese pizza slices under the heatlamp, we had to wait 10 minutes for them to be heated up.All that aside, the pizza was not good -- tasteless sauce, greasy cheap cheese, and chewy floppy crust. Just not good. I'd skip it, even though I would typically eat any pizza any time.
4	Service can be slow in the evening. The Wiz is worth it though. I really love that you can order for delivery directly through Yelp. Talk about convenience! If you're a Tastykake fan, like my girlfriend, don't count on them being in stock.
3	Decent Cheesesteak especially after a late night out on the town!  Lunch line type service which is very fast and friendly and expect the line to be out the door if visiting during late at night hours.
3	They have a wide variety of sandwiches & pizza, the best in my opinion is the original with cheese wiz and onions. You can add peppers for additional charge keep that in mind and if you join their email club you get coupons for $4.99 small combo w fries and drink. They best part about this place is the free pickles slices and banana peppers/ hot peppers, even packets parmesan cheese which i like to sprinkle on my fries . It is a little small inside for seating so if you go during the lunch rush you might be taking it to go & the wait time can be a little long if they are short on help. But over all its worth a try if your in the area, parking can be a troublesome as there is mostly just paid parking at meters or garages.
3	We stopped in after the AZ beer fest. Pretty good cheesesteak! The fries were really good - piping hot and crispy! We also tried a slice of cheese pizza.  The pizza was ok. Fresh baked and hot.  But I had to add a good amount of salt and pepper to bring out the flavor and jazz it up a bit. But if you're looking for a decent size slice that is definitely not the worst pizza you've ever had you can't beat it at $2 a slice!
2	The wait was bearable, the food okay, but the service and cleanliness was unacceptable. I will not be returning until these areas are addressed and improved.
2	Ordered online and picked it up when it was scheduled to be ready. I normally go to the location on 16th St and this was my first time at the Mill location and wasn't disappointed. Some of the other reviews made me nervous but I would happily go here again.Update: Been back a couple times and it seems like they're doing something different. Normally the meat and cheese are mixed together but the last couple times I've gone, the cheese is sitting at the bottom of the bread where it congeals into a mess and the meat is on top. It really makes the cheese over-powering and I find myself scraping it off.
2	I went to Corelone's upon my friend's recommendation, and I was super excited to go because not only are her recommendations spot on, but I also love me some good sandwiches. I went there and got two sandwiches, first the italian (not one of their family favorites) and the infamous Wiz. The italian was mildly impressing, I was semi-half impressed by the freshness of the meat and I was extremely excited by the pepper bar. That is where all compliments end. I asked for oil and mayonnaise on my bread and I was devastated to realize that there was a drop of oil and maybe a slab of mayo on the sandwich, the sandwich was extremely dry and was definitely NOT worth that awful price tag. If I combined the sandwich meat from Port of Subs with half-the goodness of Jimmy John's bread, plus extra $2 dollars, that's what my sandwich would have been like. Simply put, I was disappointed.But ALAS! I thought my friend couldn't have recommended me here if it wasn't actually GOOD. So I gave it a second chance, after finishing the italian, I got the Wiz. It was equally as disappointing. When I received it, my face fell immediately. It was something that I could have made with ingredients from walmart for $5.00 less and 6x the more sanitation. The service here was lackluster, the person who made my sandwich came from outside, came back inside, and without washing his hands proceeded to make the sandwich and I was more than horrified.The sandwich was not that good either. I'll give it 2 stars for the pepper bar.
5	I'm from Philly and this place is legit!! Whenever we are in Tempe, we always try to grab a real Philly steak! They have Amoroso rolls shipped in, you can't beat this place!
2	The cheese steak was alright at best but I had a hard time eating it with the 1/2" of fuzzy dust above me that had apparently been building since this place opened, whenever that was heck maybe the brought it from Philly with them ,anyways it was SICK! The sandwich maker was outside on the curb smoking and he just waltzed back in to make sandwiches without washing his hands. Then they just sat there talking, the saying goes got time to lean you got time to clean and this place needs a good scrubbing. We won't go back till then maybe. Sorry to be harsh but guys you need to clean that place up , especially when your tray on the flat top was fill of meat from prior sandwiches. If I get sick I will know it was Corleone's.
2	Without the Channel 15 Smart Shopper card I would have given a 2 star review. Was hoping for a "Take Me Back" cheese steak and it was alright at best. Over cooked, stingy on the cheese whiz (all on the bun and none on the steak). If you are a pepper head, you will like the pepper bar.  Think there were 4 maybe 5 types of peppers. Our sandwiches were dry and just barley worth the 2 for one Thursday Smart Card price.
1	I would have gave 0 stars but I was forced to give at least one star the pizza was terrible they should stick to cheesesteaks
1	They suck. Plain and simple. The last 3 times I ordered for delivery their response is " oh we can't deliver right now. Our driver is blocked in." Or " we only had two people working so we can't deliver". This place is over priced, the meat is bland. No seasonings at all. Too much bread. Their "pizza" is basically ketchup on cardboard. And the staff is tolerable- and I'm being nice. Genos cheesesteaks is farther and has a way better menu choice. A little overpriced but waaaaaay more worth my cash and time than Corleone's. avoid Corleone's unless you like bland food with grease and lack of customer service.
5	Corleone's..I owe you .50 cents and a $3 tip. You and your cheesesteaks are amazing. Thanks again.
1	This place can never get it right.  They screw up my order every time whether it's something small like serving it for dine-in when I asked for it to go or giving me the wrong type of sandwich.  Today was the last straw which prompted me to write a review.  I had a coupon, $4.99 for ANY small combo with fries and a drink.  Well first they told me I had to have chips instead of fries unless I ordered a cheesesteak..says this no where on the coupon.  Fine, whatever.  The guy tells me $5.40 which is correct with tax..when I look at my charge slip he charged me $6.49 which is the regular price.  I didn't have time to argue over small change so fine, whatever (coupon was useless even though that's the whole reason I went there). When my order # is called it's in a tray for dine-in...and it's an italian rather than the turkey I ordered.  I tell the cook this and he wraps the italian to go and hands it to me.  I told him it was NOT what I ordered but what the cashier rang in and took it anyways because I didn't have time to wait around.  They failed in every aspect of this experience.  GET IT TOGETHER
3	We both got the Philly Cheesesteak and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about or even a review but it was ok. It's in a good location so if you're in the area it's worth a try.
1	I have been coming to this local for about 10 yrs. It's gone downhill. It stinks when you walk in. While standing there waiting to order . A roach came around the pizza continued across walk way and up the wall. We told the guy running the place. He came out and killed it with a towel.  Loss my appetite for this place from now on. What a disappointment.
4	This was a surprisingly good meal. I mean the taste and flavors far exceeded any expectations we may have had going in. Especially the fries which are just amazing. The buffalo chicken is a bit spicy but was devoured nonetheless. The Philly is made from rib eye steak and it's obvious they use quality meat. I ordered mine with grilled onions, mushrooms, bell peppers and cheese. So good. The small was a generous portion.  We also ordered a slice of pepperoni pizza and that was delicious, too, although it was a tad on the greasy side.  We will definitely be back.
4	Can you say....Philly Cheese Steak?This place has the most authentic cheese steaks that I have found so far in the Phoenix Valley.
2	The food as okay but not great and the staff was not prepared for anything. They ran out of ketchup for French fries and then ran out of four of the six types of soda. And this was in a Tuesday. I most likely will not return
