3	Good place for beef, chicken or shrimp kabobs, or chicken or beef tikki. Chicken boti is served . Falafel, Hummus, and Samosos are available for appetizers.  Baklava and Kulfi for desert. American food is also available. Generous portions for a low price. Unlike most downtowns, Las Vegas does not have very many ethnic restaurants. I presume the reason is that there are so many low price buffets that it is difficult to compete. Most of the patrons at Kabob Korner are Pakistani or Indian. The food is excellent and it is Halal (if that matters to you). They are playing Indian and Pakistani music videos constantly.Halal is an Arabic term meaning "permissible" i.e. the food permissible according to Islamic law. Since much of the food is also permissible under Jewish law, you often see the Mayor, Oscar Goodman, having lunch at this kabob place.
3	Inexpensive ($7.99 for a plate). The ground beef kebab was decent: two skewers of kebab served with rice, a simple salad and a pita. Sauces were a yogurt-based sauce and a sweet chili dipping sauce.The menu is a little strange since it is Indian/Pakistani run but serves Middle Eastern (gyros, falafel), Indian and American food.
5	During our last night in Vegas, I promised my husband a good time. After watching the Queen light show, walking around with googly eyes from all the lights and smoke, we found ourselves to be a bit hungry. Kabob Korner proved to be a satisfying reminder that one can indeed find a fresh and delish meal at an affordable price. I had the Chicken Boti Kabob and my husband the beef. Aside from glancing lovingly at each other, neither of us said a word during the meal. We will definitely go back.
4	Great food!!  The best fresh pita I've ever had, and the rest of my meal (chicken gyros and hummus, with kulfi for dessert) was really good, too.  It's basically a little hole in the wall joint, but with enough decorations and stuff to make it feel rather homey.  The staff was friendly enough, but then I am a single white woman so that might have made a difference, as per the other reviews.  I would recommend this spot for a good quick bite when downtown!  Man cannot live on 99cent shrimp cocktails, ya know...
5	This review is based entirely around the Super Gyro menu item, a fully loaded gyro that happens to be the best I've had in Vegas.  When I'm giving a 5 star review, I'm basically saying that the establishment will be a repeat eat for me.  If I am craving a gyro, this is the place that I want to go.  This place is located on Fremont Street just east of Las Vegas Boulevard, so coming here when I get that craving isn't always the most convenient solution.  How good is their super gyro?  A few weekends ago my friends and I met downtown at Firefly at the Plaza.  I've never been disappointed at Firefly, and this was no exception.  However, after spending a few hours at Downtown Cocktail room (another place that I've never been disappointed) I seriously had a craving for a super gyro.  So after dropping about $20 at Firefly per person (which always leaves me satisfied as far as food portions go) I was willing to get a super gyro here.  As a comparison, the main contenders for my favorite gyro have been the Paymon's, the Greek American Grill, The Mad Greek and The Olive Mediterranean Grill.  Hands down Kabob Korner is at the top of my list, for gyros specifically.
3	Had lunch here - food was reasonably good (had the gyro with fries, other lunch guests had gyro and chicken kabob).  Was moderately busy when I was there, and kitchen/register was lightly staffed, and food took around 30 - 35 min. from order to service - which was a bit long, particularly for a lunch on a workday.  Staff was reasonably friendly.  Decent lunch option downtown based on quality of food.
5	Great place downtown for some awesome drunk food.  Being next door to the Griffin makes it very convenient.  I had the Gyro and fries and was very pleased.  The service was amazing too.  I was a little intoxicated from being at The Griffin and forgot my bag of stuff I bought at a shop downtown there.  They tracked me down and gave it back to me.  It wasn't crowded either out there.  This will be a must every time I go to Vegas.
4	I have been going to Kabob Korner since just about day one. The food has been consistently good. I am stuck on the same 3-4 dishes, so I can't speak for the whole menu. The biggest draw for me is the falafel. I would have to say it very well could be the best I have ever had. Apparently they use 2 types of chick peas, fresh parsley, along with some other goodies to make a wonderfully flavorful experience. The chili chicken (#6) is a generous sized portion of sliced chicken breast, fantastic rice, a small salad, and pita all for 8 bucks. I really like this one, but wish it had a little more kick to it. I do like my heat. Gyros are great too, as are the beef kabobs. A bit of a down side is all of the beverages come out of a cooler, so you get cans or bottles and no free refills, a minor complaint in a sea of halal goodness.
4	I work right down the street from Kabob Korner so I've def had my fair share of their food - and I LOVE it!  My favorite is the chicken gyro although their hummus is pretty good and so is there chicken and rice dishes.  I got a "side salad" one time but it was enormous - just a warning in case you like to add side salads to your meals.  They are very friendly and will make you custom food too if you ask.  The only thing I wish they had was fountain sodas cuz I hate drinking the ones they have from the can.
3	i eat here very frequently  i don't know why  it's probably because it's nearby it's ok i like that they deliver and have a wide variety of  canned soda but they don't have shish kabobs they only have  kabobs there's a difference but i do like the gyros.
5	Kabob Korner is definitely my favorite restaurant.  I've been coming here for over a year.  The staff is very friendly and the food is always delicious and inexpensive!  I will never get tired of this place!  Chicken Tikka is my favorite, but everything is good!
5	This is a really fun place to go, and there is always the most interesting/eclectic mix of people in this joint.Food: I get the Super Gyro.  You can have your choice of beef or lamb, and I've tried both.  I prefer the beef.  They put the works on this thing, and then give you two sauces to put on top of it also.  The red sauce is deeeeelicious.  It's sweet, yet tangy with a little bit of heat.  I haven't found a sauce like it anywhere else.  My husband has gotten the falafel and it is some of the best falafel he's found in Vegas.Service: The owner is awesome.  He's very friendly and personable.  We once called when we were starving to see if they were open, and when we said we'd be there in 10 minutes, he asked for our order over the phone and had it ready for us when we got there!I always look forward to going to Kabob Korner.  Good quality food, nice folks, and I get to watch the Food Network (they have it on in the background!).
5	My favorite gyro in town, by far.  Always super fresh and spiced with as much heat as you want. The resident vegetarian in the crowd also claimed the falafel may be the best she's had.We wander in here almost every time we're downtown.  It has certainly gotten busier the last few times we've been there; there can actually be a wait for a table sometimes, but everyone plays nice looking for somewhere to sit.
4	It was late and I was hungry, so I hope that didn't cloud my judgment too much.  Prices are beyond reasonable (a characteristic of any good food stop during a lovely evening bar hop), and the menu was... varied... I stuck with the traditional, falafels, pita, and hummus.  YUM!  The hummus had the perfect balance of tahini and lemon (and you get a generous bowl full).  It had a nice tang without being overpowered by the sesame.  The pitas were just crisp enough on the outside but warm and tender on the inside (they serve flatbreads, I think for $0.99 each, not pocket pitas), and the falafels could have been a little more done on the inside, but overall very satisfying.  I took a bite or two of a friend's gyro - which was traditional, warm, and good.  Made from meat sliced off a spit, not that creepy rectangular compressed stuff equivalent to Oscar Meyer bologna that you sometimes find at festival gyro stands.  Definitely a thumbs up when the hunger pangs hit while checking out the Fremont bar scene.
5	Took a break from working at the Beat Coffee shop across the street and popped in for lunch.  So happy I did.5.99 for a delicious chicken gyro that was fresh and plentiful.  I have a big appetite and it made for a satisfying lunch.
3	I usually don't find myself walking around this end of downtown. The wandering hobos around here seem to be more disgruntled than my usual encounters in other parts of town. But, I'm not here to review downtown hobos. I'm here for some gyro talk.Kabob Korner is a small, yet comfy little spot. Their menu had many more American items than I expected (wings, chicken fingers, burgers, etc.). I guess they have to make "general public" food to get more business. I went for something a little in between the common and traditional. For around $8, I got myself a chicken gyro combo, which came with the gyro, fries and a drink. Gyro was only ok. It made for a decent lunch, but nothing memorable.  I even had a bite of the super gyro (lamb) from whom I was eating with, which was far tastier than mine. Still, it wasn't tasty enough for me to go out of my way to get here. I actually enjoyed their seasoned fries more than my gyro.Will I come back? Probably not. Though their more traditional items looked good, it didn't seem like enough to win my appeal. It looks like the only reason for me to shuffle through hobos in this part of town is the coffeehouse across the street.
5	I'm used to the British/Aussie spelling of Kebab so i'm going to refer to this place as Kebab Korner.Wow if i do end up going downtown more often it's likely because of Kebab Corner. Found this little spot via a recommendation from Anthony M. Totally forgot about the Super Gyro so the cashier recommended the number 2 entree. Chicken Boti Kebab (Kabob)I didnt like the salad at all. All it did was take up space for extra rice or another piece of chicken or a place to put the two sauces. Sure it did add a little bit of color but it was wasted space for the food.The rice was quite superb. Very fragrant and spiced perfectly, every bite was a melody of flavors you can lose yourself in. The Chicken was just perfect, seasoned with just the right amount of spices, cooked to the point where there's a nice char flavor but still tender and juicy in the middle. Pair the chicken with the red sweet/spicy sauce made from dates and chilis and WOW.The pita bread was above and beyond as well, soft and fluffy to the touch, chewy and flavorful to the bite.Fell in love with the entree, next time going to have an affair with the Pitas.
5	Bomb, bomb, bomb, this place is so bomb! Definitely the best Kabob in Las Vegas. Was my first time there last night, and I had the Chicken Kabob which was recommended by the owner Ali. Man was he right.The Chicken was grilled to perfection, the rice was tasty, the Pita bread was also the best I've had. I also fell in love with the red date sauce which was sweet/spicy, a perfect marriage with the chicken.Service is bomb, price is bomb, Ali is bomb. I will definitely come back here again many times in the future.Ali's Kabob Korner is so bomb, I vow never to give it up, never let it down, never turn around and desert it. Never going to say good bye and never going to tell a lie...
5	Gotta try the super gyro. Best $6 I ever spent.
5	Philly Cheesesteak, hot wings, pastrami, burger, crab cakes... Everything you want, it's delicious!! Halal for Muslims. Thank you Ali for the scrumptious spread!
5	And the end of the ziplining adventure, Ken M. and I stopped by this place to get some food.  Don't let the name fool you.  There is no "korner" involved with it's location.  Maybe a nook?  Anyway, it's prominent by the Fremont Street East bars.The guy running the place was very friendly.  Being a first-timer, he insisted that I should try the "Super Gyro".  I love a good gyro, so who am I to argue with the man's logic?So the gyro comes out, and the guy wasn't lying.  The thing was huge, and tasty.  It was actually so big and packed full of food that it started falling apart.  It was a little messy, but that's what napkins are for.  It was probably one of the best gyros that I've had in a good while.  Ken's food choices looked excellent as well.It started out a quiet night, but the place filled up fast after we got there.  The prices are cheap, and you definitely get what you pay for, and then some.  The menu is fairly diverse, so I may have to sample a few more choices along the way, but the first impression was definitely good.I love a good, quality hole in the wall eatery, and while there was no actual "korner" involved with my dining experience, the location where it sits works more than well enough for me.
5	This four star review could be skewwed by the copious amounts of booze I had that night, but the platter we had was tremendous. Chicken, Vegatables, lamb and rice. All marinated to perfection, and offered with a spicy sweet sauce on the side. Coming from Dearborn, Michigan, an area with the highest Arabic population in the Country, I have had the great privallage of marvalous Middle Eastern Food. Up to par or above average in comparison....
5	I'd walked by this nondescript building many times on my way down Fremont to the Cortez.After reading some yelp reviews, I decided to stop in.The Super Gyro (only $5.99!) was just fabulous, and the baklava I fired down for dessert was almost as good.  The food was so good, I came back the following night as well!Give the Kabob Korner a try if you're bumbling down Fremont...it's light years better than any other fast food one can get downtown!
4	Great little place. The food is good, but the staff is even BETTER. If you're hanging downtown and want some good real food, definitely check this place out! The chicken kabobs were bomb and the falafel was really good too! It's really worth it just to get such exceptional service from great people!
5	This is good food done right. It's a no frills place. The food is cheap and filling. It also helps that the food is halal (muslim kosher). The staff is extremely friendly as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	Super cheap food for Vegas, I went with a vegan friend who had a couple options here. I wasn't sure if they would because of how small the spot was. Food came up quick and decent. The hummus was nothing to speak of,  a bit bland, but I can't complain too much because the rest of the food was moderate. It is what it is and I wasn't expecting anything different...
5	*Best Gyro in Las Vegas*Before I begin I will say that this review is completely bias, it is only based on the amazingly delicious Super Gyro and nothing else on the menu. Located in a terrible place to get to unless you plan on hanging out downtown Kabob Korner is THE place to go to for gyros. Now I have yet to try anything else on their menu due to the fact that I have fallen madly in love with their Super Gyro. It is a delicious creation of meat, cheese, and flavor for a reasonable price. All of which I love. Now the biggest difference that I notice between the Super Gyro at Kabob Korner and other places is the fact that Kabob Korner puts their delicious crumbly feta cheese on it and the quality of the meat. The cheese makes a huge difference. It adds another dimension of flavor that propels the Super Gyro into an addiction. Every venture down to Freemont Street requires a stop at Kabob Korner.
4	With all of the heavy foods you find in Vegas, it is nice to find a somewhat healthier alternative and at a cheap price. They had quite a variety of different choices along with some of the tastiest rice and french fries I have had. It is a place to get a quick bite to eat that isn't a 5$ hotdog and a beer that you get in all the casinos. If you are a vegetarian or vegan this might be the only place on Fremont that gives you more options. The lentil soup was actually surprisingly better than I was expecting.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while since it's a few blocks from my work and never got around to it.  Since I've been cracking out on reading yelp reviews lately and saw that one had good reviews, I decided to go check it out.  The super gyro did not disappoint.  I *LOVE* gyros and have to say this is probably one of the best I've had.  The lamb was super tender and they don't skip on the tzaztaki sauce and feta.  In fact, they even give you a bottle of it to douse on your food if you eat in.  My wifey ordered the chicken gyro and loved it as well.  Super glad I found a new lunch spot!  :)
5	I told the owner I like my food extra spicy... and whatever the heck he concocted before that white apron of his.. it had me coming for more. The gyro were well prepared, every time. The meat was seasoned to perfection- you can taste the elbow grease!- and cooked with me in mind, Simply mouthwatering! The lettuce and tomatoes showed no signs of age- i believe they may have been picked from their private garden in the back kitchen. The special sauce he insisted I add to my afternoon treat was so delicious that i had to drench every bite with it!! Let me rest assure you that if you like 5-star dining and don't mind sacrificing an arm and leg, then this is NOT the place. Now, if you like a 5-star meal with a "hole-in-the-wall" check, come enjoy Kabob Korner and it's fanciful yet urban flair all for less than $10 !!
5	Next time I come here (and there will be a next time) I will have to try the Super Gyro.  I am on a no red meat kick, so I had the Chicken Gyro.  It was really good, with a whole lot of yogurt sauce.  A tip for anyone on a first date type situation here,  get something you eat with a fork because the Gyros are really messy.  All that yogurt sauce gets everywhere, face, hands, and drips off your chin.  Porn star face aside, I really enjoyed the Gyro.The hummus is the bomb.  Actually, I don't know what is better, the hummus or the pita bread.  Both are the best I have had anywhere.  The pita bread is really pillowy and almost sweet.  The hummus had a nice spice to it.  Paired with the pita and it was out of this world.  It's a small place, and easily missed, so keep an eye out.  You won't be disappointed.
4	I finally got to try Kabob Korner. I hardly venture downtown, but when I do, I always pass by Kabob Korner and think to myself, "One day I'll try that place". So after a happening afternoon at Vanguard, a group of yelpers and I went here for dinner. The menu, as well as the decor, can be described as none other than eclectic. Along with the gyros, pitas, and rice plates that are to be expected at Mediterranean/Greek establishments, there were a few not so expected finds such as pizza pockets and chicken wings. The decor was interesting as well- grapes hanging from the ceiling, vintage hanging lamps, and gold framed mirrors- quite a collection. Everything felt vintage-y, kind of old...Anyways, back to the food.Chili Chicken Pita- bright red chicken pieces and bell peppers marinated in a spicy, lemony sauce, lettuce and tomatoes wrapped in a warm, buttery pita and topped w/ a spicy (Sriracha-based) creamy, yogurty dressing. The pita itself was oh-so-amazing. The veggies were fresh. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was the chicken. The chicken was fatty- grease was dripping down onto my plate- and kind of salty. Nonetheless, I did enjoy my food.The workers are great. The food is pretty good. If you're in that area, make sure to stop by Kabob Korner. With their extensive menu, I'm sure you'll find something you want to eat.
4	Came with Yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard. Standing in line we had a laugh at the menu. For a place that has kebob in it's name, only a 3rd of the menu was of that nature. They also have pizza puffs, chicken fingers, fried catfish basket, hamburgers, etc.....I guess being the only spot serving food on that block, they wanted to represent every drunk craving. I got the beef kebob pita. The kebob was juicy and very strong in spices. I can appreciate that since I like stuff herbaceous/floral-y foods but I think that the corriander seeds in there need to be cut up. The veggies were fresh, the bread was chewy and soft and the yogurt was generous and cooling. For a pretty big pita and a drink at $6, it's a good, cheap eat if you're at Fremont East.
4	Stopped by here with other yelpers after CMYE at Vanguard. It's tiny, tiny place, and I'm actually surprised we FIT in there, but I'm glad we did. The gyros looked really good, but I'm the sort who ends up with more gyro meat and sauce on my shirt than in my mouth. ;P Ended up trying the chicken kabob.. boki? I think. It came with pita bread, rice, and a small salad, for under 10 bucks. Everything was delicious, the flavorful rice, the chicken, the pita bread, everything. Will definitely be coming back.
2	I really wanted to give this place at least a 4 star rating, but unfortunately the food is just not that good, it was rather disappointing. I've been here before and it was quite good. But this time I don't know what happened.My boyfriend, roommate, and I ordered a super gyro, fried chicken with fries, hummus, cheese cake, and Greek salad. The sauce that came with the gyro had almost no taste at all, and the texture was like water. The meat was extremely salty, it seems like its covering up some flavor that I'm not able to identify. Fried chicken is also too salty, where we can't even finish the 2nd piece. Greek salad was the only dish that I would've gave a 3.5 star. The hummus was awful. It smelled like neem oil, and tasted like cardboard. And last thing we touched was the cheese cake. I don't know if anyone had ever ordered cheese cake from this place, but from the look of it, I think we are the first and maybe the last to order that. It was chalky and the top layer was almost hard.I really liked this place. But I think it has been slacking and needs more of that TLC. I live just around the corner from Fremont street and I want the cafes and restaurants around the area to be great. So I hope the owner would see this review and take this as a constructive criticism to better its food to a 5 star quality!
5	Possibly the only really good food on Fremont Street. I tried the special gyro -  delicious - and the chicken boti something-or-other - very nice! The latter came with a side of soft, doughy flat bread and two sauces. The owner, Ali, was pleasant, helpful and made me a very tasty cup ofchai masala, not once but twice. When you're sick of marginal buffets, steak and shrimp and shrimp and steak, visit this place and your taste buds will thank you.
4	I tried the Normal Gyro. I wasnt up for a Super Gyro since i was attending a Photo Walk. Nice menu for all varying tastes. My Gyro and fries came out in a decent time frame. Love the seasoning on the fries. And my Gyro was delicious with good sauce and fresh vegetables. The only gripe is they have Canned Soda and on the menu it lists sizes like they had a Soda Fountain. I wish they would hook it up or bring one in. Id love to have unlimited refills instead of paying a Dollar per can cause im a thirsty individual. But thats not enough to stop me from never making this my Gyro Stop.
4	Got the chili chicken. It was pretty spicy and tasty.
4	Another gem find with the help of yelp!  Very fresh food with great flavor.  I was a little surprised the beef kabob was not just beef tips, but ground meat with spices very similar to gyro meat.  This was quite ok though since I really like gyro meat.  The fresh made pita bread with dipping sauces was really good.  Kids got cheese burgers, which were very inexpensive, but very fresh and tasty.
4	Who knew you could get a fantastic gyro in Downtown LV?  Just be careful venturing down here after dark, but in the daytime it's safe as can be.  The chicken gyros were huge and SO delicious!
4	Great chicken kabobs the red sweet chili sauce is tasty!
5	The best gyros or kabobs that I've had in town are here.  They also make amazing hot dogs and burgers too.  So many random different things on the item and ALL of them are good.  They take the time to make everything right, prices are inexpensive and the owners are very friendly.  I've been in here a dozen times at least this past year and it's my favorite place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown before hitting the bars.
4	I'm all homo about family owned places.  This joint is operated by some Punjabi Pakistani couple.  Literally, the dude cooking your food owns the joint.  I get all warm in fuzzy inside knowing that.  Normally, we order something to-go while working downtown.  The staff is always friendly.  I wonder if they ever get stiffed by no-shows...  Anyways, the meat is seasoned very well.  The rice is awesome.  The creamy yogurt sauce isn't the normal tzatziki sauce, but it's good.  The grilled pita bread just adds to the meal.Look, it isn't Bobby Flay quality, but the place is a damn hole in the wall at the end of Fremont.  If you're looking for some good food to soak up the whiskey from Hennessey's, then head over to the KK.
4	How is it that I haven't written a review of this place yet? I have an art gallery inside the Emergency Arts building across the street and Kabob Korner is my go-to place for grabbing a quick dinner while installing a show or before hosting a reception on First Friday.  I used to get the Chicken Gyro back when I was eating meat - HUGE, MESSY and DELICIOUS!  These days, the vegetarian-leaning me has been getting the Falafel Pita Sandwich (which isn't on the menu oddly enough).  Same yummy, messy yogurt sauce over crispy falafel with a soft, comfort-food kind of center - stuffed inside a pita with lettuce and onions (if you want them).  Huge portions for the price.  Not a lot of vegetarian or vegan options in Downtown at the moment, so Kabob Korner really hits the spot!
4	Non descript location at the end of Fremont Street just before the El Cortez Casino.  The building is not much to look at, and the inside is worn, but everything was clean.The owners are super friendly and speak about four or five languages including Punjabi, Urdu, Malay, and Arabic.  The lamb GYRO I had was excellent.  About 6 bucks and worth every cent.  They will spice it up the way you want--hot or mild, you choose.  Fresh onions, tomato, lettuce.  Like they used to say at McD's--hot side was hot, cool side was cool.  Tasty!Very good place for a light dinner or snack.  No beer or wine, but hey, you're on Fremont street so alcohol is a stones throw away.Enjoy!
4	Apparently, the staff is friendly. This wasn't my experience while I dined there but perhaps they were having on off day. If you want to drink water and don't want to waste money on bottles, you will be disappointed to learn that the restaurant apparently doesn't have any filtered water to serve you. I chose to drink nothing in protest.Although I was irritated early on by the quality of service, the food was another story altogether.For the price, the portion sizes were more than adequate to stuff me and my friend full of delicious kabob. I'm an ethnic Pakistani, so I know good kabobs when I taste them, and this place definitely offers the real thing. The meat was juicy and not overcooked, and the spices were certainly adequate. The rice was also authentically prepared meatless pulao-- much more flavorful than the white rice you usually get from restaurants. The naan (white bread) was tasty, but I doubt they bake it themselves (maybe they do, maybe they don't). The wait time was reasonable considering the quality of the food. The restaurant is certified "halal" (which is basically "kosher" for muslims) if you care about that sort of thing.If you're a Vegas local who hangs out in Fremont, you owe it to yourself to try this place.
1	I was looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews.  I walked in today at 11am and waited at the counter for nearly 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me, take my order etc.There were a few people sitting around watching TV (not sure if they worked there)  and a few people in the kitchen who looked out at me.  I said hello?  And no one responded, came up to the counter etc.The location is so crappy I honestly expected the service to be super friendly.  I was so wrong.Some d-bag regular came in and barked his order over my shoulder while I was there and the kitchen and they didn't acknowledge him either.I literally waited 5 minutes then shook my head and left, it was possibly the worst customer service i've ever seen in any place, ever.I can't stand restaurants that are run like this.  I don't care how much i'm paying, $5 or $100 for a meal I refuse to put up with it.If the people that were working and ignored me were the owners it's clear that they could care less about customer service.  If it's hired help, they should all be fired and replaced.Take some pride in your restaurant!!!  I won't return here.
3	I stopped here for dinner, as it seemed like an interesting place near to the Fremont St Experience. It's counter service, very fast food style. I had the chicken boti cabob plate, which was tasty. The baklava was refrigerated and bland. I would stop by here again if I was in the area.
3	I always give a place a 2nd chance... I went back in the other night and initially the service was friendly but then took about 15 minutes to get the food.  Overall much better though!Pretty tasty gyro and seasoned fries.  Nothing stood out though.  Want to try the hummus next time :)
5	Some of the best Kebabs I've had outside of the Middle East.  A cool new neighborhood, funky restaurant with lots of eclectic items, no tap water (but bottles were pretty cheap), and the owners were just chilling out and chatting with everyone, a couple of doctors and a policeman, and some great food.  A chicken kebab plate comes with salad and some delicious rice.
5	This five star is for the super gyro. I have never tried anything else on the menu because nothing else seems to be appealing. So, I say that the super gyro and fries are delicious, and if you find yourself downtown looking for a bite, this is a good place to stop by. You will find yourself coming back for more of this super gyro.
5	The burgers are awesome. Its knockout burger is the best Halal burger I ever ate in the US! The hot wings are also very good. Other dishes are mostly Indian style and good. The price is very cheap with regards to the good quality. The owner is a very funny and lovely man! We went there four times during our five days sojourn in Vegas. It is close to the Fremont Experience and you can enjoy it. The food is Halal.
5	The staff were extremely friendly and the food was killer. We had the lamb super gyros and they were flavorful and filling. The lamb was tender and plentiful and the price was just right. It is a little hole in the wall downtown but if you need a quick bite, don't pass it up!
4	With every SuperGyro comes a worthy Nemesis and Im just the guy menacing enough to take it down with a single bite! KK is exactly the type of eatery you would spot in downtown.. old, wornout, discolored light up menus.. but darn good food and dang it good portions!  The Super Gyro is always good, also the Chicken Tikka and the Beef Kabob.  What I like most about KK is they serve huge condiment bottles of Tzatziki Sauce and that tamarind sauce stuff.. them dips are the dippiest! SAUCEHH!
5	This is the best effin gyro I had.....super gyro all day!!!! And the owner is cool as f@$&
4	I love everything about this place!  The ALWAYS great food is almost incidental to the family environment and wonderful feel of this restaurant.  This is the REAL thing.  The first time that I ate there I was transported back to my Sephardic Grandmother's dinner table. And that is a rare compliment because my Nona's food was authentic, lovingly served and full of history and sustenance. They serve history and stories full of heritage at this mom and pop restaurant located in a vibrant corner of the emergent East Fremont corridor of downtown Las Vegas.Come for the food but stay for the welcome to the kitchens of the Old World.
4	I ordered the super gyro today during prime time lunch hour. The pita was soft and acted as a perfect handheld pocket for the lettuce, lamb, tomato, onions, and feta. It was a quick, cheap and tasty lunch.
1	went there yesterday, i have never reviewed a restaurant but this one is so bad that i feel that i have to. i went here with my family and it was the worst excuse for middle eastern and pakistani food that i have ever seen. the owner is extremely rude, looks like he doesnt want to be there and isnt responsive to half the things that you say to him. we went around 4pm and there was not a single person in the shop other than the owner, then we sat down at the wobbly, sticky, and dirty tables and werent even offered menus or anything, we had to go up and get them from the counter. this would be fine if there was a large sign that had a list of all the foods they had to offer and what not (like at taco bell or something). i ordered the shrimp basket, it said that i would get 25 but i barely got 20 (i can forgive that) but none of the shrimp had been deveined, when i asked the owner if they forgot he said that they ordered the shrimp breaded and dumped them in the fryer. i couldnt eat them so they all went to waste and even when the owner saw that he did not apologize for it. then i ordered the falafel wrap, that was another thing that had been dumped in the fryer and put into a piece of bread. the whole thing was soggy and i was barely able to eat that. the rest of my family ordered kabob plates and the kabobs were over cooked, and the tiny portion of rice that cam with it was drenched in oil, probably so they would only have to cook rice once every 3 days. overall, dirty restaurant, soggy overcooked food, rude owner. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY HERE. probably good food if you are drunk or something. it might have been a good restaurant in the past, but not anymore.
4	Delish! What a wonderful escape from the strip. I had a falafel pita and it was so good! Crispy outside, hot soft inside. The hummus wasn't as flavorful as I'm used to, but everything else was perfect. Small location, and the owner or manager was super friendly. Decor was nice too, I felt like they really tried to make it cozy but still casual. Yum yum!
1	Since this restaurant first opened, it has been a favorite around our house. The owner put a lot of effort into the food and was always in a funny mood. Today (March 14, 2012), before leaving with an order, I learned that there is a new owner but am unsure if he was the surly man behind the counter. when we open the food at home, the falafel was burn't beyond edibility or recognition and the hummus tasted like chalky paste. Nothing on the plate was edible. It's so hard to count on good, affordable food in Las Vegas and this is the latest fatality in the downtown food scene. R.I.P.
5	I loved this place! I was in Vegas for the weekend and I came here and went the next day! I loved the chili chicken and the shrimp kabob. I found that there is one kabob korner in LA so i'm excited to check it out! I'm thinking about going to Vegas again just so that I can go here. The EMPLOYEES are nice and friendly!
5	This is a great place!  We had the gyros, which were excellent and the #7 plate, which is shrimp kabob with rice.  The #7 was off the charts.All the meat was fresh and the seasonings were perfect.  Don't let the looks of the place fool you, it certainly is a hole in the wall, but it is worth going in. Lal, the owner/cashier was great and wanted to make sure we had a great meal.I'm definitely going here whenever I can.
4	Food here was pretty tasty, by far it is the best chicken wing in Vegas... Don't expect the wing to be batter like KFC ... Full of flavor and very minimum batter, just the way I like it... note- must be buzz to enjoy it as much as i did otherwise the wings are a bit salty when eaten sober... =)
5	The Super gyro is just that SUPER!  Place is a small little shop just off the corner of Freemonth and 6th Street.  Calypso teas and lemonades are tasty.  Wanted to try other items on the menu, but the Gyro was just too good to pass up.
3	4 stars for food...the super gyro and falafel were great.2 stars for service. The place was packed, and only 2 employees.  I think the owner was working the register and there was 1 harried looking kid in the kitchen.  On a busy Saturday, that wasn't the ideal. Food was coming out to tables out of order, partial orders, and amid confusion.  Took 25 minutes to get our food.In the end tho, the food was great.
4	One of my favorites on Fremont.  High quality meat, friendly service and a great, diverse menu (from middle eastern to american fair).  Prices are fantastic!  The place on Fremont East for cheap, good eats. $3.99 for a double cheese burger that I would put up to ANY burger on Fremont.   Lacking one star because if they're busy, it can take a long time to get your food.  I'd recommend calling in, or planning on a sit down dinner.   Also, lighting and atmosphere can be improved upon especially if you're interested in a sit down meal.Thank you Kabob Korner!  You make my life better and easier!
2	I waiting on my two person order for 50 minutes after being quoted a 12 minute wait and the restaurant wasn't even that busy.  The guy next to me waited 45 minutes for a single order of HUMMUS.  I was on a tight schedule and the staff was rude.  Multiple people were waiting on orders and were getting mad.  Refunds were not being offered.Ultimately the food was pretty good so I am reluctantly awarding 2 stars, but NOT worth the aggravation.
3	I think the location is fantastic - close proximity to all of the cool downtown joints, including Emergency Arts. I haven't had anything spicy in a while, so I opted for the chili chicken. It was one s-u-h-p-i-c-eeee bird! It came with a portion of rice and "salad" (lettuce/tomatoes), along with pita bread. This was enough for two meals actually, as I took my leftovers home and had a nice lunch.The place is small and the wait can be a bit long. Other than that, this is an A-OK joint for some comfort-y grub when you're downtown.
4	Walked into an empty restaurant about 1:30pm.  Had read previous reviews so I was prepared for a long wait. Ordered two plates, waited about 35 minutes.It definitely has a "hole in the wall" look to it, but the food is worth the wait! I'm glad I trusted the other reviewers!  I hope it's still around next time we're in Vegas.
4	Ok.  Unbelievable reviews brought me to this place.  It was close enough to walk too from the California hotel, even in the 116 degree heat.  2 locals even raved about it while my friend and I were in there.  We had come to the right place.  It was not crowded at noon on the Wednesday we walked in, so we got good service with at most, a 10-minute wait for our food.  We both had the Super Gyros with fries and drinks.  Drinks were more the warm side (couldn't figure out if it was the weather or a crappy fridge) but the fries and gyros was fresh.  But I must admit, that the fries were more impressive then the gyro.  I thought the gyro was just average. All in all it was filling for a reasonable price (Greek food can be pricey in Hawaii); the fries were fresher and more nicely fried than most places I have eaten fries (no, not just Greek places, in my life).  I even had to use the bathroom and it was pretty neat. I can say this, if this is one of the better Gyros places, I'm only going here.  I'm scared to go anywhere else cause the others must be real crap.
3	When it's bad, it's bad.  When it's good, it's . . . decent.Kabob Korner is a little hole in the wall in the East Fremont Entertainment District downtown that serves up some great post-bar Middle Eastern food (gyros, kabobs, hummus, etc).  If it's late night and you're crawling out of your 3rd bar of the evening, there is no better food for you downtown.  Tasty, seasoned, and salty.  You will talk about how it's the best gyro you've ever had (i.e. the tzatsiki sauce is feta-based and hyper-salty).  But if you wander in Kabob Korner sober, during the light of day, you'll leave thinking "Huh, that was a meal, alright." (not really bad or good, just decent).So let's break down the experience by meal:- Gyro -- meat is bland strips of overcooked lamb, topped with fresh lettuce and a tzatsiki sauce that isn't tzatsiki sauce (not dill-seasoned yogurt, but a feta-puree).  In the light of day, it's a rich sauce that will dominate the entire gyro with a salty flavor.  After the bar, that amount of salt will convince you it's the greatest gyro on the planet.- Hummus -- bland, but well-blended.  You're pretty much eating this for an excuse to have another pita wedge.  After the bar, oh man, that toasted pita is delicious- Kabob -- probably your best choice.  They actually season the meat and sometimes cook the chicken so it remains tender.  Bottom line: keep Kabob Korner as a post-bar to-do and you'll be happy.  Visit in the light of day and you'll wonder why you eat there.
5	This is the 2nd time we have been here.  The Super Gyro is the bomb!  Not your run of the mill frozen pressed meat.  This has some substance.  They grill the meat with onion, peppers, and tomato.  Served on a grilled pita with lettuce and fantastic feta.  Priced right.  Don't let the neighborhood throw you off.  Just east of Fremont St. Experience.  I mean this is one good gyro!!!
4	Beef Super Gyros was good but, didn't taste like typical gyros meat ,the texture was more mushy like spam than the more compressed strips of meat I'm use to in a gyros pita. The people inside were friendly
4	Super gyro is bomb! Has to be one of the best gyro I've ever had. Rather than the super thin slices of gyro, they serve thick 1/3 inch to 1/2 inch slices of gyro that's seared on the outside for a nice crunch and still retains a moist inside that is beautifully seasoned. Yogurt sauce is a little disappointing but all in all, this place is better than your average Mediterranean joint!
4	We found Kabob Korner (it's not on a corner:)  off of Nelson Q's very helpful review on a Tuesday night when we were looking for something spicy and interesting on Fremont street not in a hotel/casino or part of a chain. Unless you live in the neighborhood, you are not going in unless you have read Yelp or gotten a personal recommendation. Just do it, tastiest budget meal of the week, WITH leftovers.NOT fancy at all as other's have mentioned. Order at a counter, and then have a seat at one of about 8 long rectangular tables and enjoy Bollywood TV until your food is delivered to your table. This is not fast food, so relax and enjoy a different end-of-Fremont street scene view past the fantastic neon street sculptures.No alcohol on the menu, but sounded like on Friday & Saturday nights you can byob like every other street person in Vegas. They were out of the Chicken Marsala which hurt, but we went with their second recommendation of Chili Chicken and Chicken Shmarma. Both were good, we preferred the Chili Chicken the spice level was about a 3/5 and just what we requested. The Gyro also looked fabulous. The Chicken Shmarma was good but would probably have preferred the Chicken Marsala (next year) and a better choice might have been a veggie plate or veggie appetizer to offset two chicken dishes. Instead we ordered the Greek salad which was so big we ate off it the next couple nights as an appetizer with some Chicken Shmarma because we had of course ordered too much food.  LOTS of perfect basmati rice and there were two table seasonings the first I can only describe as whitish, seemed like a light yogurt with light spices that was delicious, and a red that was some kind of light cayenne/ketchup and not hot enuf and a little too sweet for us to add anything to our two chicken dishes. They do take credit cards and the service was helpful and quietly attentive.    Our bill for 3 plates including a huge Greek salad was just under $27 as we had byow, brought our own water. The only two people in Vegas not drinking that night remedied as soon as we got back to our overpriced The Hotel with a $10 refill on one of those huge daiquiri bongs, ahhhhhhh.
3	The Super Gyro is pretty darn good!
2	First off... I really wanted to like Kabob corner.  Based on the reviews I believed that I would.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't the case.  I ordered the super gyro and a side of falafel balls.Pros: The meat is Halal (if that is a selling point for you) cut thick and is decently tasty.  Cons: The meat didn't have that awesome crispy edge that I look for with gyro meat.The yogurt sauce consistency was really thin and gooey.  Not very appetizing.  The flavor was unremarkable.I had very little tomato and lettuce and absolutely no onion to speak of either.Falafel,  Ehh....  flavor wasn't too bad, but they were served with the same sauce and were "doughy"Finally, would I take a trip downtown just to go here? No.  If I was in the neighborhood would I stop by? No.  Too many better options for gyro (Kyklos) and falafel (Parsley).  And there are tons of other options downtown.  Better options can be found right on the same block.
4	After craving hummus and kabob for the LONGEST time, I finally decided to make a trip here. The trip was well worth it. Upon arrival, the cashier was standing there talking on the phone... took him about 5 minutes before he decided to hang up, but it worked out ok because we had no idea what to order since its been awhile. I got the chicken kabob and rice, and a side of hummus. Husband had some gyro sandwich. We'll definitely be coming back here next time we're in the area.
3	I'm not that in to chili chicken as a dish and I still thought theirs was pretty solid.Naan is real good too.
4	You will have to be patient when you order because everything is made fresh when you order it but its totally worth it. Amazing super gyro and knock out burger. Location isn't upscale by any means but its halal and yummy. Will have to return to try chilli cheeseburger. Mm mm mm
5	Great food! Low price! Found in the historical part of the Las Vegas strip (aka Downtown!).My friend showed me this small restaurant off the strip. Totally worth it for the price. I definitely recommend the chicken tikka, and I had a super full plate of the most deliciously seasoned chicken, rice, & bread (wasn't naan, more like the pita bread used with gyro). The presentation of the plate may fool you since it looks plain, but once you take a bite---the flavors are amazin'! There were 2 sauces, one just like tzatziki & the other was a sweet/sour type. The red sauce was ADDICTING! It also came with a salad.I'd say if you're on a budget or trying to save money on other major Vegas activities (clubs, drinks, gambling, rooms, etc.), this is a place you must try!! I wouldn't mind eating here everyday while in Vegas haha. There's metered parking next to the place, so just be careful to put in the right amount of quarters b/c they're pretty strict about giving tickets when you're even a couple mins over...sadly I got one since I spent too much time enjoying/devouring my chicken.
5	I order from Kabob Korner all the time as do my coworkers. I'm so glad we found this little gem in Downtown Las Vegas.Everything is good! Even the fries. Take out fries are usually plain and easily thrown away, but they have steak fries with tasty spices on them.The pitas are good, the kabobs or good, the gyros are good, the shrimp is good, EVERYTHING IS GOOD! We have never been disappointed. Fast delivery, friendly services, very good food at reasonable prices. I recommend kabob korner to everyone!
5	I love this restaurant and default to visiting here when I want Gyro's.  It's not the fanciest place, and is pretty small but the food is great and it's fun to watch the music video's on the TV.
4	What a great place.  The chicken boti I had was some of the most tenderest morsels of meat I've ever had.  The pita was great too.  This place is tucked in the corer of Fremont St. that is somewhat hidden.  It's not on the side with the big video roof thing, so you don't have the circus of things that happen on that side of Fremont.  This place is definitely a good place to crash once you've done a good amount of wandering and getting hammered.
3	I am seriously kicking myself for not reading reviews beforehand.  I blame the drinks.  I would've done the gyro in a heartbeat!!!  That's not to say my dish wasn't good.  I got the beef kabob which was fine but not memorable.  I figured the place was called Kabob Korner so I should get kabobs!  Right?  I guess not.  $7.99 is a fair price for what you get (2 kabobs, rice, salad, pita).  I will be back for everything else they offer.
3	This was my 2nd stop on my Jury Duty adventure I had over the last 3 weeks.  Kabobs are one of my main food groups so I was pretty excited to not have to remove them from my diet just because I was on jury duty.  I walked in and there was only one other customer sitting waiting for his food.  I wanted chicken and the cashier who I had the feeling was also the owner and/or manager suggested the #2 combo so I went with that.  It looked pretty much like what I normally get from any Mediterranean restaurant so I sat and eagerly waited.(note: this 1st paragraph is all about the wait for the food)  5 minutes later the other gentleman received his food.   I heard him get apologized to for the wait and figured no big deal, I had a long jury duty lunch break.  5 more minutes later a lunch rush hit, and the phone kept ringing for take out orders, and several people came in for dining in or to pick up their take out orders.  10 more minutes later and I was starting to wonder what was taking so long, but I gave the benefit of the doubt to the fact that it did seem like there had maybe been several orders called in prior to my arrival.  10 more minutes later (30 total if you cant keep up) and I heard some of the girls who had come in 15 minutes AFTER I did get their names called and food delivered.  The best part was I'd heard them order and 2 of them got the EXACT same order I did!  I made sure to look DIRECTLY at the cashier/potential owner/manager at this point with a face that I attempted to convey confusion with a slight hint of anger.  He did nothing, so I need to work on my facial emotion conveying skills apparently.   I had to get up to ask what the deal was, and it was clear he had completely forgotten about my order.   I found it a little weird that he could have done this since I was SITTING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HIM THE ENTIRE TIME.   He didn't seem apologetic in the least.10 minutes later (40 minutes total) I had my name finally called and my food given to me.  At this point the cashier apologized and seemed sincere about it, and I sat down to eat.  My brain had been processing how I was going to write this scathing review and I almost was hoping the food would be mediocre or terrible just so I could write a 1-star review which is very rare for me.   Unfortunately (fortunately?) the food was delicious.  I really loved the sauce the chicken was marinated in, which was different than how I'm used to getting chicken kabobs from other restaurants.  Whether eaten alone or slathering it with one of the sauces provided the flavor was really outstanding.   The pita bread was hot and fresh (it better have been!) and I also enjoyed the rice that was served with the dish.On food alone I probably would have started Kabob Korner with a 4 star review, but I have to dock it something for that insane wait I endured.  If the cashier/owner didn't seem so apologetic towards the end it would have resulted in a 2 star review due to the length of the wait, but I'm feeling somewhat generous today so I'll go with a 3.  Side note, I talked to some fellow jurors a week later and they mentioned they had also visited Kabob Korner.  Unprovoked they immediately mentioned how long their wait was for their food.   I'm willing to bet it wasn't as long as mine, but based on that and some of the other reviews, seems as though it's a fairly common issue here.  Okay back to my mirror to work on my anger/WTF face.
3	Very casual, something you would find in nyc, that's the vibe it had. Booth seats with a tv playing indian music videos. The kabobs have an indian spice flavor, that I was not expecting, it was good. Came in for dinner, the food takes a while to come out, small operation.
3	No. I can NEVER avoid a new Kabob place. Not ever. Frankly, I think I would rather eat a good gyro more than any other meat related sandwich, dish, or anything. I am not Greek. I am not of any mediterranean decent, but I have the Gyro fever and there is no stopping me. So naturally I had to stop in when I was in Fremont to get a load of the Kabob Korner and their Super Gyro of course. It was a Gyro which is good in my book. It was super if you use the word super kind of sarcastically. Overall it was OK. Really, I am looking for that yogurt sauce and lamb/beef combo to knock my socks off but this super gyro was pretty super normal. I wouldn't hesitate to go back here. Especially for the area it is really convenient to have the best food in the world so close to old town Vegas. Next time I try it I will update this review- I hope my mind will change or I will find that gem that they cook like none other. For now I say it is worth it if you have the time, the budget and the tase for a Gyro that you just can't kick.
2	Such a bummer. I remember ordering samosas from here by way of Downtown Cocktail Room and they were delicious. They were just as delicious tonight, however they were frozen in the middle! Not appetizing. Gordon Ramsey would be livid! Not sure if I'd come back here knowing that they're not fresh unless I had quite a few cocktails first from around the corner
5	Hands down the best Afghan food in the area! Highly recommend their Knockout Burger - full of flavor and quality. Service is super friendly too and they give honest recommendations on their own menu. Visited this place multiple times in the same trip to Vegas. And you will too.
5	Yelp really steered me right with this one. Amazing food and service. Super nice guy working the front recommended the number 2, which was a really good chicken plate with big chunks of roasted white meat with the perfect blend of spice and seasoning, flavorful yellow rice, and fresh cooked flat bread of the gods. Took awhile to wait for it, maybe 20 mins, but they were really busy on a Friday night. It also tasted like it was worth the time waited. Can't complain. Perfect dinner for a fun night out on Fremont St, which was just a little less crowded than the strip.
5	I work downtown, and this place is too far to walk, but the parking is so difficult, so they deliver for a small charge, and their food is really good, and I know good Middle Eastern food, and theirs is right up there.  The food is reasonable as well, whether you work downtown, live in Vegas or just visiting, this is the place for great Middle Eastern food....thank you Kabob Korner.
3	So this place looks a little suspect when you first see it. And the inside is no better. The ceiling tiles are stained and old, there is a nice layer of dust on the walls and the floor needs to be mopped. The food is great, however decorum and cleansliness is a huge part. This place just looked run down and old. I didn't get a pic of the menu, but it had permanant marker writing on the signs and items they no longer serve covered by old receipt paper and yellowing tape. Had the inside been clean. It would have been an easy 4.5. The food on the other hand..... was delicious. I ordered the beef kabob plate and received a hearty meal. It had two seasoned um....meat logs? Rolled seasoned beef sticks which were spicy and flavorful. The pita was soft and fresh, but the yogaurt sauce seems watered down. Extreamly watered down. Also they served a sort of sweet berry sauce with it. I'm not sure how exactly they use it but I dipped my meat in it, and it was a great flavor contrast. Would I go back? No, not my first choice, but if I was drunk and had a craving for a gyro then yes. I might stumble there in a drunken stupor.
5	OMG this place is fantastic!  There is an explosion of chickeny awesomeness in my mouth.  :)  This is close to my work so I will definitely be here again.
5	Great gyro at a great price!  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the Yelp reviews were good so I checked it out - glad I did
4	Their chicken kabobs are excellent.  French fries off the hook!!  Not too pricey, quick, and it's usually best to order to go.  Parking maybe a little bit of a hassle depending on time of day.
1	My co-workers and I work downtown and we attempted to order a late lunch from Kabob Korner today, and let me just say I have never experienced such poor customer service in my life! I don't know who answered the phone but we were advised that they were out of hamburgers, hotdogs, philly cheese steaks, chicken fingers, basically everything on the menu. When politely asked what was available on the menu the gentleman advised that he didn't have time to go through the menu and became agitated. After attempting to explain that we were not trying to be complicated just attempting to place an order the gentleman stated "hurry up you are taking to much time and we have other people waiting to order!" Thank you but no thank you we will no longer be ordering lunch from this establishment.
3	Good food at a good price should work on customer service though.
5	Very good food!
2	Searching for a 'healthy' option for lunch led me to KK. Picked up a large Greek salad ($4.99) and an order of chicken boti ($7.99). Wait, before I chat about the food, let's discuss the place...it's pretty narsty. Seriously, there are wilting posters of gyros on the wall. Poster of gyros? Excellent. Gross poster from 1970? Not something you want to find in a food establishment. When looking around (it took 15 min to make the boti) you can see the place is really long and the kitchen is large for what they put out. I think it's time for a remodel peeps. It should also be noted that the guy at the counter was messing around with his foot and the bottom of his sock (yep, he was in socks n sandals) before taking my order. I couldn't bear watching to see if he was handling my food, so I sat in the corner. Ignorance is bliss, no? So I got my order and went home. The boti ended up consisting of 5 pieces of super awesome chicken and a truck load of rice. Damn that was good chicken! Tender, spicy, yum! But 5 pieces stinks for $8. It was like eating a rice salad with kabob on top. Lame. The large Greek was decent in size for the price, but the dressing lacked any sort of flavor. Kinda reminded me of Italian house dressing (gasp!). This all being said, I'll be back. Def for a gyro and yes, maybe even for 5 delish pieces of chicken over a rice salad. Hold the sock grime. Actually, put it on the side.
4	For Muslims that are particular about eating halal, this place is a gold mine. A variety of cuisine ensures that you won't get bored by the menu quickly. They serve American staples, such as hamburgers, chicken fingers and wings etc., as well as South Asian variety dishes. My personal favorite is the chili chicken plate. The location is also a plus, as if you frequent the booming nightlife that's developing downtown, it's an ideal location to eat late-night or before you decide to go out to the various downtown venues.My only wish is they bring back a few other staples that were under previous management, such as hot dogs.
1	My husband and I went for a late lunch and tried the chicken kabob wrap. We were not impressed. It really did not have a lot of flavor. It was really very wet and drippy. I needed at least 6 napkins, which thankfully are on the table. Maybe we ordered the wrong item. But, how can a place mess up a wrap? The place didn't seem very clean. The table was sticky.
5	For the price and quality of food, this is an excellent find in Vegas, and whenever I return to visit I try to stop by there.  Great hummus and Greek salads (everything fresh) - and my nonvegetarian friends speak highly of the gyros and kabobs.  This is a family run business - friendly - low key - not fancy.  Just east of the Fremont Street giltz, this is in an area that the city has been focusing on (in terms of redevelopment), so check out the area after your satisfying meal.
5	Came for the super gyro plate. Damn this plate! This is what dreams are made of. Keep supporting small business. This place rocks. Fuck corporations.
4	Been here twice. Excellent abd fresh tika chix and bopa chix. The entree had generous chicken pieces snd rice. Even the pita was good. Will visit again.  Be prepared for a 10 minute wait as they freshly prepare the food. But, there's always a Bollywood movue playing on the tv.
5	Almost a true experience of the middle east. Great food and proper non Americanized atmosphere.Try the chicken boti kabob #2Not a fast food joint. They cook the food when you order so expect to wait 10-15 minutes.
4	Ate here at life is beautiful fest awesome food good price its all fresh and good quality and great portion size
3	Good gyro and boti chicken.Nice surprise in an otherwise seedy area off Fremont Street.No ambiance, but the owner is polite.
3	The food is very reasonably priced and it tastes good. But that's about it. It's not fast. They seem amiable, but don't count on anything resembling service. The tables may or may not be entirely clean. And definitely don't expect your food to look like the pictures they have up on the menu.So, if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for this kind of food, don't feel like spending much on a plate and don't mind slightly iffy table surfaces, this place will suit your needs.
1	I loved this place last time I came here , but this time they have a limited menu n the wait is more than 1 hour,  never gonna come back here again!
3	Review of Gyros: Meat is allegedly Kronos, but the meat was very salty (unlike Kronos meat), so either they EXTRA salt it when grilling... or it's not Kronos.The sauce - why oh why put a sauce that's going to melt and evaporate on the bottom of a Gyros ???? I had soup in the bottom of my Gyros basket, and almost no sauce on the Gyro .... /grrrIf you want Feta and lettuce on a Gyro then by all means, but I ordered mine without. There was a parade of foreigners coming in and out for their Curry dishes (Indian/Pakistani) food, so I'd say it's got to be pretty good, or it's the only place around to get Halal (meat).
4	Gyros and kabobs are great. I recommend the super gyro and the shrimp kabob. Service can be a little slow, but it's totally worth the wait.
5	Most delicious and fresh kabobs and tandoori chicken I've had in a longg time. Owner is polite and nice. Service was slow - but the food was sooo goood we ordered more and did not care how long it took. Dont know why everyone has been so negative. Kabob Korner should be at least 4 and up stars. Isn't it the awesomeness of food that eventually matters.
4	In Vegas you have to try the food. Very delicious and fresh meat. Kebabs are the best.
3	Ordered the chicken boti by phone with the owner, was told it would take an hour. When I got to the restaurant he brought out chicken koobideh instead. When I said I ordered boti the owner said "yes this is chicken boti". I was upset that he took me for a fool considering there is a picture of the chicken boti right there on the menu board (I was also there the day before and order the boti), but rather than wait another hour I went ahead and ate the Koobideh, which is NOT on the menu. It was good but definitely no chicken boti. Very disappointed that the owner doesn't care enough about his customers to be truthful and admit his mistake because the food really is delicious.
5	I'm from los Angeles but Every time I'm in Vegas, I make sure I drop by. The food here is incredible. It's the best Indian Pakistan halal food I have ever had anywhere .....
4	Kabob Korner is located right across the street from Fremont Street Experience. If you blink, you'll miss this small hole-in-the wall treasure. True that the decor and ambiance leave something to be desired, but the food is really tasty. I always order the Super Gyro for $5.99. For an extra $2.00, you can upgrade to steak fries and a canned soda. The gyro meat is moist, and their homemade pita bread is soft, also, The steak fries are crispy. Manu people are turned off by the atmosphere, but if you like great food at a great price, then K.K. is for you!!
5	The same guy that takes your order, cooks your order, plates your order, then serves your order. Palestinian home cooking at its best! So what? You have to wait...you never rushed your gramma for some cookin' from the heart.
5	Good food good price plus its halal which is hard to find also they are greedy half chicken for 10 bucks hard to find thank god for the good food thnx kobab korner
4	You always have to wait here, even if u call in...be patient food is good....!
3	Had to up the star rating here. Sure, the interior is still the capital of Grime City, but the super gyro is tasty and the chicken boti, while small in quantity, is still a good dish. Plus, I didn't see any bare feet this go-round. Seriously though, the gyro meat is solid. Moist, spicy and flavorful, it's def the star in this sammie. As usual, prepare to wait 10 min for your order. (Call ahead!)New tastes: Hummus (avoid)Greek salad (sub par)Hmmm. Maybe it should be a 2.5 star rating....
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE....i love everything about it...so what if the tables teeter totter a bit or you have to wait for your food?! the food and price are superb and that's all i care about!!
4	They say this is the only halal restaurant in Las Vegas. That is not true. There are plenty. Also this is definitely not Pakistani cuisine. More like fusion of Pakistani and middle eastern. That being said, no complaint here on that because the food is epic! Almost everything on the menu is good. Their burger is different than a regular American style burger and it is really good! 1 star less due to parking issues. Downtown is not parking friendly and you have to park far away on the streets and walk here.
3	I had to wait 30 minutes for my food and there was only one other couple in the restaurant waiting for their food. They got their food before me and I was first. Interior/bathroom was disgusting and it wasn't worth the wait/money. Never common here again
5	I tried the beef gyro and was so good and the chicken strips and hot wings all was good and great
2	Fish and chips was good! The chicken fingers were okay, but dry. They gave tons of fries. No parking unless you look. Be carful to look at the menu. The paper one, which is more convenient, has different prices then the wall. You will be charged more money if you don't pay attention. Customer service was okay. Not welcoming but he did remember my name throughout experience. Haven't tried gyros, which could be good!!
2	A friend of mine loves this place but he didn't really tell me what's there to love. We were walking around in DTLV and I got hungry after having a few drinks but I wasn't in the mood for pizza or burgers...I want something grilled. Kabobs!This place is definitely a hole in the wall. It's not fancy. Heck, it's not even clean! The booth I sat on had a hole with a bit of tape on it. Fine, maybe the food will make up for it. The first time I attempted to eat here, they were closing in an hour and the guy at this place was driving people away. We got here around early dinner this time.Beef Tika:Comes with rice and salad. Tender, juicy and tasty piece of grilled meat. There's hint of garlic. 4/5Beef Kabob:Comes with rice and salad. It was alright. Nothing memorable. 3/5
3	Came in for a $5 gyro and ended up with an almost $8 super gyro for one reason or another: out of beef but I wanted feta.... The meat and pita were both hot and the lettuce and tomatoes cold so that was good. Tzatziki,  onions and feta were a treasure hunt to find. The lamb was seasoned well but had too many fatty pieces in it for my taste.
2	Food is Ok but service is very bad.. They do not even give water glass to customer and we have to buy it. I would never go there again.
1	The service is awful but besides that the owner has a very smart mouth on him and is very rude. If you show any concern he seems to want to punish you and say your order wi take 1 hour and make u wait. He is very inconsiderate and literally a smart mouth. He charges extra on the bill so make sure you check your biil. Food is nothing to brag about. And with his attitude not worth it all.
3	Not too shabby for my second visit. Service took a long time. Not sure if that was due to it being a Friday night or not. Chicken Kabobs were tender. Salad and rice were good. Pita was also not bad. Decor didn't match the updates of downtown. Kinda fun not amazing.
4	Was searching for Halal food and found this place when I first moved to Vegas. Dined here a few times and the food has been excellent every time. I had the Gyro and the Burger. The burgers are okay but the Gyros are incredible. I've tried the Kabobs here as well and they are phenomenal.Only thing I didn't enjoy were the chicken strips. They were dry and overcooked. The ambience isn't all that great but who cares, the food is awesome!
3	Food is veryyyy good. Customer service is not so good. But it's worth if for the food!
5	I love the chicken tikka, while my husband loves the gyro.  The owner is really nice.  The place is small and can get kind of crowded at peak hours, but most of those people are doing take-out, it seems.  I've never had to wait very long.
4	This hole in the wall, literally, you will know what I mean when you see the place is right on Fremont Street East, next to Inspire theatre.  I could have looked past everything that was wrong with this one and given them 5 stars on food alone, the gyros are amazing here.  They have a super gyro and its made with lamb meat, charred and with real feta and a special sauce, not cucumber sour cream, but somehting perfect for the full balance of the tastes.Pita was charred and fluffy with that warmth of naan that melts in your mouth. The chix Gryo is amazing as well, I have a feeling everything has a great taste and silly good lamb meat!   5 star food.   I had to ding em on atmosphere, dont take a date here, a little grundgy, unless she is a grundy little rabbit..lol   It just feels really run down inside, like 1.2MM tourist have been there on the chairs from the 50s, and plexiglass tables, DING!   I could have even looked past this the food was so good, BUT, the service, while it was made to order, the service guy was kinda short with me.  Whatever, give me my damn Gyro so I can slam my face it in, in my car, and my belly is super happy!   Im Happy I stopped, I will be back for a to go order, bravo!   Solid grinds here.  Get some.   CHEAP!  under 8 bucks!
1	Honestly the food is good.  I have to give this review because the person behind the counter is staring at me while I eat and I can feel their hate for me coming off in waves.  I'm not sure why, but I'm positive he is imagining my death. Also the table is really sticky.
5	Great food great price. This hole in the wall gyro shop has a lot to choose from and is quite tasty. Highly recommend.
5	Nice restaurant.... In downtown las vegas.....food is tasty....but it takes a long time ..... so order ahead...When you reach food will be ready....famous for gyros.....and spicy chicken entrees.......parking is another pain.....Overall a good place to eat.....
1	under a new management.Food quality and quantity went down. got pricey.No one to clean the sticky tables. so unhygienictaste: No Good.wait time: 1hourguys at the counter are staring and have no respect for the customers.better to find a new place.
1	Real talk, I just got out of the bathroom. I have an iron stomach and this place gave me issues. The sauce on my gyro was above room temp. The veggies on it were wilted and the tables were sticky. There was also an unusual smell in there. Almost like a sewage smell. Usually I give places a second chance to sway my review but I don't think I'll be going there again.
1	Owner is psycho but food is good. If you can ignore psychotic tendencies of the owner and mind your own business it's tolerable. But once again let me warn you, owner is a freak.
3	Love the food, but there is no consistency in the opening times. The place could use a makeover. The appearance is a deterrent to new customers.  We miss Ali!
5	I had probably the best gyro I've ever eaten at the Kabob Korner. If you're concerned about cleanliness, ambiance, or service; this might not be your restaurant. If you want some delicious, cheap, Mediterranean cuisine it comes highly recommended.
5	Chili chicken was freaking awesome and the red tamarind sauce that came with it made the meal. Girlfriends gyrocame with  with plenty of lamb
5	Customer service was great. I came in right at closing time. The owner allowed me to order food and eat my meal even though they were passed their hours of operation. The Gyro was actually the best gyro I've ever eaten my life. Everything was fresh tasteful. It was delicious I plan on coming back and bringing friends with me!
3	On a busy downtown Las Vegas evening, my friend and I decided to get some food for dinner. This time, we wanted to try something different than the normal pizza and food truck options. Although this place has been here for a while, I keep forgetting that Kabob Korner existed. Well, no matter, this particular night was definitely going to happen!At first sight, the place is a little drab. Red and wooden brown are the color schemes. Wall seating also had a blue padded backing to it. They don't offer wait service here, so that might be the reason for the non upkeep. You basically approach the counter, and order. When the food is ready, you'll go up and pick it  up. For dinner, I decided to get the number 1, the Beef Kabobs for $8.99. Two strips of beef, saffron rice and a salad of tomatoes, lettuce and cucumbers. The beef was nicely seasoned however I little dry. The saffron rice had a nice flavor to it and the salad, in my opinion was just there as a filler. The overall dish was alright. I've been to Kabob Korner many times and thought their food was great. This visit was just OK, but it won't stop me from returning. In a place like downtown, it's a great option for locals and visitors alike! If you're on Fremont East, come by and check them out!
4	Pros: - Food quality:  Our food was freshly cooked and hot.  Good flavor, too.  It had the most meat I've ever had on a gyro (though it could have used a bit more sauce).  The gyro bread was toasted, too.  I liked that. - Service:  The owner (presumably) paid lots of attention to our order and to us.  Nice guy, too.  Cons:- Not a great place for decor, but then, that wasn't why we went there. - My son asked for a plain cheeseburger, but got lots of other stuff on it.
1	This is not a clean place to go. The tables are dirty and chairs are torn. I sat for my meal to get ready and when I stand up to go, there was a glue like on the chair which ruined my pants. If you want Meditranian food, there is another one just at the other side of intersection which looks way cleaner than this.
4	A friend took me here and at first I was questioning whether or not to walk into the restaurant.  It's located on a corner of a building on Fremont and the restaurant looks old and greasy. Another thing that had me questioning whether or not to stay was the menu. I've never had Pakistan food before so I didn't know what I should order. I ended up sharing the tuna salad and the beef kabob. The food was different from anything I've ate before and it was actually pretty delicious.  It's not one of my favorites, so I don't know if I'd come back, but it's definitely worth a try! The best thing here is their pita bread so don't forget to get something with pita bread!
4	This is a great place to get gyros.  Dont let the tiny restaurant and super sticky tables drive you away.  You'll eat good here.  Completely out of the way for locals unless you're already going to be at fremont street...otherwise make sure to add parking to your tab!We went here was by accident. It was late on a Sunday night and everyone was either closed or getting ready to close and my boyfriend was hungry. We ordered the super gyro with hot sauce,as recommended by the owner. He kept insisting it was the best in town..best in the nation in fact.  Well...he was close.  It was delicious.  The whole thing was perfectly made. The lamb gyro meat was carved and grilled and topped with the usual with the addition of feta and hot sauce. So good!!  We had gyros earlier that day at the competition just up the block at Cous Cous and we weren't thrilled considering it was overpriced for being so mediocre, so this made up for that.
1	Service is SLOW. And by the looks of the place, I'm a bit afraid of the conditions...
1	Filthy tables, too long waiting to get the food. Falafel was bad. Fried shrimp smelled. The humus was so bad, I have no words to describe it. Bread was fresh and good. Chicken tiki was good. Rice wasn't that good. I never go back again. It was too filthy for me.
4	Tried the chicken gyro, was pretty tasty.  Asked for a sample of lamb and was given a nice portion to taste for free, the lamb is delicious.   Prices are affordable and location is near my work, will come back.
3	The $7 Super Gyro pita is legit- delicious tzatziki sauce, crumbles of feta, and an ample portion of gyro meat all packed on a thick pita bread. Bit of miscommunication when ordering and fries were added on to my order, despite repeatedly saying I didn't want them. Service is prompt, restaurant interior is old-school, docking a star for the menu- instead of scribbling over your line items in marker when you change prices. If you can afford the rent on Fremont Street, you can afford a new menu board every decade.
4	We were walking around and saw this place, the place is kind of a hole in the wall with reasonable prices. Food was excellent but service was atrocious that day, I'd go again though since food was so tasty :)
4	closed down - hope they open close by - granted the guy behind the counter was awful but the food was tasty-not as good as precious owners (even tho same guy cooking) but it was still tasty.
4	The food was great. It was yummilicious. I strongly recommend their chicken burgers,  chicken tikka, and chicken chilli.
1	I went to get FALFEL today and there is bolts on the doors :( makes me soooo sad face!!!!
1	I don't know how Kabob Korner manages to stay in business....I've walked in when it was completely empty, only to have the owner tell me it would be a half hour wait....and it's not like they make anything from scratch, their kabobs are pre-made....I've peaked into the kitchen. I've seen people ask for recommendations only to have the staff tell them "whatever you want, you're paying for it."  Telling people that less expensive items are not available and steering them towards the pricier selections.. I've seen the staff call for reinforcements from the kitchen and act stand offish when African Americans enter the joint...Hell, I've even seen staff take used napkins off of plates and put them back into the napkin holders...Food wise... I'm not even sure where to start. For one, felafel isn't supposed to be spicy, flavored with curry powder and burnt to a crisp. Raita is best served not rancid... A gyro shouldn't be served on a greasy pita that's slathered with runny, watery raita...leaving the "sandwich" a soaking inedible mess. After all is said and done, taxes included...if you're going to charge me $16 for a handful of rice, lettuce, pita bread, small kabobs and a can of soda... I'd at least like to not have to clean the table I'm at myself... and maybe have my food served on something other than a paper plate...and maybe real utensils rather than plastic ones would be nice. I'd also like a glass for that can of soda. I would also like to see my receipt because the prices here seem to keep changing at whoever is at the register's whim...Or they'll make a "mistake" and act surprised or confused when you point it out...I would prefer my lettuce to not be wet. My kabob to not be overcooked, greasy and full of so much curry powder that I can't taste the meat. I'd also like for my rice to not be a greasy mess...and the same goes for the microwaved pita bread. A bit of constructive criticism for the chef, grease and heat are not flavor profiles. Also, lay off the religion... Kabob Korner loves touting the halal line and boasts Islamic decorations... But the truth is, if the owner was so religious he'd take pride in his offerings, his business practices and in his hospitality...
