5	I love this cute wee bar! It's sitting so innocently at the top of Holyrood Road, it looks so normal, but it is definitely above average.The bar is quite big, and they have the coolest bar taps I've ever seen in my life. They have countless beer taps too, I lost count when I tried to see all the names. They pride themselves on their beer and burger offer, which my brothers loved. Their burgers are delicious too - I highly recommend the avocado burger. It's not your typical pub-burger, oh no, it's just like something I would expect from a fancy restaurant in Paris.It has a nice atmosphere too, I can sit here quite comfortably and do some work for my course without feeing watched or unwelcome.
5	I never knew this pub existed until I walked down this street to head to my final exam in the uni gym (the only time I really enter that space), so a bunch of us decided to start our summer celebratory drinks here. It's surprisingly large inside and perhaps it was the sun or the mirth of summer beginning but I got a very good vibe from this place. It's sort of a revamped pub keeping good old pub qualities and serving hearty dishes (the burgers are quite good) and at the same time being a modern spot ,without trying too hard.
4	Wow, this place is pretty awesome.Firstly, its like the tardis inside - much bigger than it looks from outside, but thats so it can accomodate its awesome bar, which has some amazing ales and other drinks on tap, all of which are amazing. To go with your carefully selected pint I would recommend taking advantage of the beer + burger deal, because the burgers are just amazing, and at less than a tenner, you cant really go wrong if you ask me,
4	I was really into this place. While looking about for a place for dinner, this was just down the street from our hotel. First of all, the beer selection was solid. It was bolstered by being in the midst of having a Beer Festival, with lots of guest taps and brews on-hand, so that was cool. And the beers had food pairings listed, which I thought was a nice touch. The proper combination of beer and food is often underappreciated. Anyway, so the beers were great, as was the food. And the service was quite good. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive.I'd definitely recommend a visit to this place if you're in the city.
3	Recently taken under by new management and revamped, this is the sort of pub you had to know to find. It's no that its tucked away down some tiny wee alley. But there isn't much reason to go down Holyrood road other than to get to St Leonard's Land Gym or a detour to the Parliament. This is unfortunate as The Holyrood 9A is a great wee pub.Actually it isn't that wee, it's much bigger on the inside than you would first think. Its interior is cosy, traditional but with a revamped, fresh twist which isn't altogether stunning but nice all the same. They have a great selection of beers. But the main selling point as everyone who goes there knows, is the burgers. I get pretty annoyed when all I get when I order a burger is some slab slapped between some dry buns and a wee side salad. But here the burgers are much more impressive and there are is a greater and far more creative selection than your typical bar meal. This includes a veggie option!A nice pub with a good selection of burgers and beer that make for a great afternoon/evening visit.
5	BURGERS, BURGERS, BURGERS.JESUS. Don't want to band the term "Best Burger of all Time" around, but it came pretty close. Chilli B's, lamb B's, veggie falaffel B's - there is a B for everyone!I oped for the guacomole burger and holy moley, it was dynamite. Served up on a slab with skinny chips and swanky relish, you're spoiled.Quite a personal dining experience, the chef takes pride in his food as much as the owner has invented a quote-tastic, slammin' menu. Their effort shows, and I'm sold.Incidently, this burger only lost out to a burger I had in New York which was, I kid you not, the size of my FACE. But y'know, this burger was not far off!
4	I came here for burgers, I saw burgers and then I ate them.On my 'best burger in town' self-imposed mission, when I had a craving for a burger one evening I skipped my usual go-to option (which is currently my personal favourite) to try something new. Always risky, as if it doesn't live up to its predecessor, disappointment can abound.Holyrood 9A specilaises in two things: beers and burgers, and great ones at that (according to its motto). The burger menu is pretty big, with more inventive options from Italian (mozarella, pesto) and one meat-injection overload that I can't remember the name (burger with turkey AND prosciutto) with a few chicken options, and then some 'special' ones like Lamb (that did sound delicious with cumin etc.) and venison.I pipped for the peri-peri chicken, which I was promised would be a whole grilled chicken breast. Immediate bonus points, as I don't like the bread-crumb covered chicken breasts that were so popular in my childhood. As we were waiting in the back restaurant area, it was a pleasant ambience. A complete mix of students, and all us other folk over a whole age range. Big props to the staff who were all really friendly, attentive and genuine. They seemed to enjoy working there.When I passed the kitchen I looked in and could see them frying the chicken breast burger alongside the beef patties - no grilling. This wasn't what was promised so let me down a little.The burger itself was presented on the thick wooden board that is so in vogue right now, along with a purple cabbage coleslaw and skinny fries. Nice fresh sourdough bun, big chicken breast and PICKLES. I've realised that my other burger-place doesn't do pickles and how much I've been missing out as a result.The chicken breast burger was really quite lovely. Very filling but in a healthy way (despite being friend, not grilled). My partner's bacon and cheese burger disappeared fast which I take as a good sign, although the beef patty - on my very close scrutiny as I am on a real mission here - wasn't quite as exciting as it could have been. I like to see bits of fresh coriander or chili mixed in with the beef. But still, it was hand-made.The skinny fries were ok but I've gotten very used to hand cut potato wedges that have that rustic feel and I think that's my prefered potato option.As you can see, I am analysing every part of this burger experience. The reason being it wasn't my *favourite* in town and I can't quite work out why. It was good, and I would come back, and next time will probably try the lamb. But my quest for theeeeee *best* one continues.Overall though, great ambience, fantastic staff, filling food that is hand-made and not overly greasy or heavy, and I assume great beers (not being a drinker of such stuff myself). My ONLY complaint is its 3 doors down from my gym which I have to pass to get there. Guilt trippin' before the beef, sad times.
4	When this place first opened, I was living a few blocks away and was SO excited.  It has a nice, cool yet laid back interior, a great looking bar full of interesting beers, and a very tasty looking menu.Well, that was about two years ago, and I just finally got around to making a trip back.I came here with my parents for lunch on a particularly brisk spring afternoon.  We got a seat by the window and got a chance to warm up in the sun.  My mom and I ordered burgers and my dad ordered the steak sandwich.  Whenever he orders a steak sandwich he asks for it to be cooked medium rare.  Nine times out of ten, he gets thin cut steak with only a hint of pink.  So, when his sandwich came still bloody, he was over the moon.He relished every bite and very happily told me later that it was the best steak sandwich he'd ever had.  Seriously.  We're talking about a very picky man from the Bay Area which is known for its food.  I ordered the Holyrood burger and my mom had the original.  Mine was good; great charred flavour and tasty cole slaw.  The cheese on it had a really overwhelming flavour though and had melted in a funny way that it separated into mass and oil.  The burger was just so DENSE.  I don't really know how or why but it just seemed more dense than I'm used to with a burger.  So, I really wanted to report that I'd found the best burger I'd had in Edinburgh but sadly, no.  Don't get me wrong, they were very nice, but I would order something different next time.  Everything else here hit the spot.  Maybe my expectations were too high?  I'm not sure.  All I know is my quest continues ...
5	After having Joe.A wax on about this place a good dozen times me and some friends decided Sunday recovery lunch seemed like the perfect time to have our first experience of Hollywoof 9a.I have been lead to believe they are the purveyors of some of the finest man food in town and I was not disappointed.To start with we were welcomed by a very attractive waitress (always a good start lets be honest) and decided to have a milkshake while we contemplated the real decision.After 10 minutes I just could not decided...... bohemia burger, piri-piri chicken burger..... halloumi burger.......lamb burger.....damn too many choice..Then I saw it.......steak sandwich with beer mustard and portabello muschroom. So I ordered and was asked a question that brought a smile to my face "how would you like your steak cooked?".......YYYAAASSSSS!!! Rare please..... :D HAPPY JD!!!!!When it arrived on it wooden board it delivered........beautiful tender rare steak...well seasoned with nice chips in a small bucket and some good mayo!!It is as good as they say.....now i have to go back and try a burger....or a skeweer...or a salad. Hmmm seems I may be going back a few times!!
4	I went to this bar/pub knowing absolutely nothing about it at all. I'm not from The Edinburgh so I'm not familiar with many of the bars/pubs there. Stumbled across this place when through for the festival this year to see Tim Vine (who was very funny btw). We left quite early for Edinburgh so by the time our show had finished we were well ready for eats. This place clearly specialises in Beer and Burgers - 2 things I like rather a lot. From what I gather this is a fairly new bar but it has already been nominated for the DRAM Awards Best New Bar. S'nice. Myself and my boy quickly got a table - it was messy when we sat down but with it being the Festival season and just past the lunch rush we excused this. We helped ourselves to menus and in the meantime our table was quickly cleaned and cleared anyway and the polite waitress then asked us if we would like any drinks. This is a bit of a bug-bear of mine - you've only JUST sat down/looked at the menu and straight away you're asked what drink you would like. This would be FINE if I was a predictable drinker (have the same drink everywhere) but I am not; I like to try new things and everyday, depending on how I feel, it depends on what I drink. This day I was very thirsty and therefore very glad to see the extensive draught beer menu - at least 19 beers I spotted! Wowzer! Because I was rushed I picked a beer that wouldn't have been my 1st choice had I been given more time to look. Oof. ANYWAY, I digress - I chose a pint of West St.Mungo lager (had it before, really like it) Now I don't know if I imagined this but I swore I seen Brooklyn Lager on the menu after I had already ordered and I do *love* a pint of Brooklyn so I was kicking myself that I had felt rushed into ordering. Dang. Service was swift - the waitress that brought our drinks also then took our food order. This place specialises in quality burgers of all kinds. But fear not my vegetable loving friends! They DO cater for the veggies - with 4 types of veggie burgers on their menu amongst other non-animal dishes too. Also on their menu was tasty sounding breakfasts (only served til 12 Noon though...not very good for us late risers), various salads (who orders a salad when there's burgers on the menu?!) and other types of meaty sarnies. I opted for the (unadventurous) Cheese Burger and my boy ordered the Cheese and Bacon Burger. Both arrived swiftly and made my eyes go 'BOOOIIIINNNGGG!' like in the cartoons of old. Our HUGE burgers came on a wooden slab to make us feel even more Paleolithic-like (Ug!) and served alongside were lovely skinny crisp fries and a wee bowl of fancy coleslaw. Also in the burger was a delicious beer mustard mayo and the usual dill pickle, lettuce and tomato. I had to halve my BEAST BURGER coz being a dainty fingered lady (Ha ha) I could not handle that cow sandwich all in one go. All was very tasty and along with the beer I was one very satisfied lady indeed. After eating I thought in my wee head wouldn't it be grand to have a bar like this in Glasgow. There most probably is one but I've not came across it yet. Only downside was the teeny-tiny ladies toilets. Made me feel like a giant and when a place serves such good burgers they cannot expect all their lady patrons to be the size of Victoria Beckham. Boo and hoo. I would most definitely go back to The Holyrood 9A and next time try another good beer and another mammoth burger (not *actually* made with mammoth).
3	A nice little place with an excellent bar.  I tried the burgers, which I found a bit dry and overcooked, which brought it down several notches in my estimation.  The menu was tantalizing, but the delivered goods were mediocre.  Staff also deserves kudos for being helpfull and friendly, albeit on a slow day.
5	An open letter to Holyrood 9A, From this day forward I will refer to all things in reference to your food. Last night's make out was as sloppy and covered with pesto mayo and buffalo mozzarella as Holyrood 9A's Shroom Burger (the other ones are better, I promise... keep reading)You look as thin and light in that TopShop dress as the french fries at 9A. This lesson in semantics is as useless as the coleslaw at 9A.This massage is as soothing as a 9A Shroom Burger when I'm nauseated and have a huge hangover. That Latin dancing last night was spicier than 9A's PiriPiri.That drummer with a commitment problem I've been dating is so bad for me, but SO GOOD... just like the food at Holyrood 9A. Holyrood 9A: You're now the yardstick by which I will measure all things delicious, spicy, filling, soothing, flavorful and so bad it's gooooood. Do you even use yards here? The Metre stick... that sounds weird.
4	Before the 9A was tagged on to the end of this place, The Hollyrood was a dingy little bar that was a favorite of Edinburgh's goth contingent.  Thankfully, it closed and then opened again as The Holyrood 9A and is now one of the best pubs in Edinburgh!I am guessing they set out with "burgers and beer... done properly!" in mind, and thats exactly what it is.  Apart from a few starter options, the bulk of the menu is simply a stunning range of burgers.  Beef, chicken, mushroom and halloumi - all with a massive range of high quality toppings.  Being a massive fan of a good burger, I cant say they are the best I have ever had, but they are definitely up there.   The actual bar is great, a good mix or modern and traditional and doesn't feel like they are trying to hard.  The bar is well stocked, with a brilliant range of beers, ales and lagers on tap that changes quite often too.  They have a a great range of malts too, as well as rums, bourbons and pretty much anything else you could want!  The staff are friendly, efficient and very knowledgeable too.if you are looking for a beer, a burger, or both I would highly recommend a trip to the 9A and would be very surprised if you craving wasn't satisfied!
4	I think this has to be my new favourite bar! I was recommended it by a friend and it did not disappoint! The burgers are absolutely delicious and nicely cooked (I had the chilli burger with 'death sauce!' which did not disappoint! The house white wine was delicious - which is very often a rarity. It was moderately priced which is always a bonus!I loved the dark decor and choice of tunes, definitely got a rock n roll vibe to it which is very me...  the bar and waiting staff were extremely pleasant and I would certainly recommend this to anyone looking for a new joint in town to visit.My friend Sean mentioned it can get really crowded at weekends but on a Sunday evening, it was a nice place to hang out and have a chat.Will definitely be back! :)
5	Ok. Queue my dilemma and frustration..... I have returned here manys a time now, I mean the beer selection is the best I have found yet, and the burgers, good god they are delicious!! BUT....... ugh, service has gone down a little I think. Not enough to take the Holyrood 9a down a star, I still wax lyrical about it so that would be a little hypocritical. I mean, the service is in no means awful, cold, rude, or anything that would warrant me getting up out my seat and leaving....... it just ain't as good as it was the first few times I went. This saddens me a little..... seriously, like employ me!!! This is the kind of place where I want someone upbeat, chatty, and overall really enthusiastic about the beer/burgers because to me that is what Holyrood 9a is all about. I am still totally digging those burgers though. And the strawberry milkshake........ it is criminally tasty!!
4	Nothing hits the spot better than a burger and a pint?  Then you're sure to love Holyrood 9A.  With about 20 different varieties of burger on their menu you're sure to find something for everyone.  Whether it be a good old traditional cheese burger; falafel, haloumi or mushroom burgers for all you veggies out there or something different such as haggis, venison, lamb, pork and turkey for you adventurous folk.  Trust me, these are tasty burgers!!!  Top tip - the piri piri chips are not to be missed!!!  Now to the more important business - beer!  9A offers a wide variety of beers from all corners of the globe.  One little treasure which was recently found is Little Creatures beer from Fremantle, Perth to bring back memories of your travelling days around Oz - or for those yet to make it to the land down under then experience one of its many pleasures right here in Bonnie Scotland!!!  On a Friday night this place gets rammed with people from the nearby offices so probably best to avoid it until they stumble home usually by 9pm.
4	As a Midwestern American foodie my standard for what constitutes a good burger are exacting and thorough. Holyrood 9A did not disappoint. Having what is arguably the best burger in Edinburgh. First and foremost, the selection of available meats and toppings far exceeded any of my wildest dreams and were truly splendid. My favorite was the venison burger, which was lean, had the right heft and bite, and was gamey but not over powering. The fries were phenomenal and and the bun didn't dissolve, but instead holds it might!Second of all, the beer selection is quite outstanding. While it might not be as prolific as some places I visited, it's quality is nonetheless pretty outstanding. The flat cider they had on tap when I went was mind-blowing. Third off, the dark, quartered feel of the gastropub perfectly matches with the food and provides an excellent atmosphere.The only complaint I have that hold me back from giving them a 5/5 is the size of the pub section in relation to the restaurant part can mean that things get a bit cozier than one would like when dining. However, I would definitely not only recommend going, but plan on going back whence I visit Edinburgh again in the near future.
4	I really like Holyrood 9A. They do splendiforous burgers and a great selection of beers, so how can you really go wrong? Guacamole burger, haggis burger and portobello mushroom burger all get my double thumbs up. Wash it down with a decent ale and life is good. My only bone to pick with this place? It's often really busy and it can be quite tough to get a seat. If you're going of a Friday or weekend evening, definitely see if you can get a table booked in advance!
4	They've got an excellent set of rotating Real Ale (cask!) taps, something different every time you visit. They've got a great selection of burgers including four veggie burgers, and even a haggis burger. Not a lot else in the food department though.The decor is very nice, all dark wood and friendly atmosphere. It's just a shame about the terribly bland and offensively inoffensive coffee-shop music.
5	Strolled into this bar/restaurant on a recommendation and was impressed. Great burgers, brilliant beers on offer. You will not be disappointed. Great service to boot. Check it out!
5	One of the most delicious burgers I have tried the one year I am in Edinburgh. Excellent selection of beers with cherry on the top that they offer 1/3 of a pint, making it excellent choice for beer tasting. Great service as well, in a cosy environment. Overall 9A is setting the bar very high for the town's pubs, I am definitely going to visit it again and again.
5	I'm going to say - it's a waver between 4 and 5 stars, but where there is a waver, gotta go with the lower bid, but ehh.. not this time. Usually I would coo and goo over how amazing a 5-star place is, and I will, but it does have some parts that let me down more. That's not to say this is a bad place, sheesh, no it's really not. But, when beer is of eye watering prices (OK OK OK so it's not your average draft and 9A stock some GOOD beer), I'm tempted to go with 4. It's just a bit pricier than I am willing on average to pay for beer and burgers. It also seems a horrendously busy pub on a Friday night, I guess that's what you get for being good at what you do.But! Did I have an excellent evening? Yes. Was the service good? Yes! Apart from one really grumpy kid... he should consider his career options, soon. Were the burgers good? Yes! Starters? Yes! Although on that front, my pita, houmous and olives seemed to far outweigh the size of other plates, even sharing ones - so it was shared, but in future, more houmous less pita please - I found myself sparingly taking portions of houmous one mushy grain at a time in order to try to spread it out.  Meals wise we had a medley of mainly burgers (and one steak) - from the Holyrood 9A, to pork and chorizo, and the one 'awkward' one, that settled for the halloumi burger. The smoked chilli mayo did it for me. So did the sweet potato fries. Life is good when you have sweet potato fries. However, the chilli mayo was too overpowering for me, and I couldn't really taste anything else of my burger, and the only smoke I could find was that billowing from my ears. I kept desparately reaching for the cooling effect of the slice of tomato in my burger, but it could only last for so long. It's not awful, it was just too much - perhaps if you are not such a chilli-hound (like myself) perhaps putting the sauce on the side might be a more cunning plan to remember in the future. We also split across our party a couple of kitchen sinks as dessert - as gooey-ly gratifying as it implies, but across four didn't result in total coma. Overall, Holyrood 9A did everything we wanted for our Christmas night out, and for that we thank you.
4	After wandering around the streets looking for somewhere to get a nice lunch on our final day in Edinburgh, we came across this place. We'd been looking at the menu outside 'David Bann', the vegetarian restaurant around the corner. We would have gone there if they had a lunch menu, but with it being our final day we had virtually spent up, so didn't quite want to pay the prices of David Bann. We looked at the menu outside the Holyrood, and after a quick check on Yelp decided this would be a good call. It's cosy inside, especially with the current Christmas decor. The boyfriend had a halloumi burger which he hailed to be delicious. I also wanted halloumi, but something lighter than a burger after 3 days of over indulgence. There is a halloumi salad on the menu, but I preferred the look of the cesar salad, so opted for this substituting the chicken for halloumi, which was no problem at all. It was lovely. We stayed here quite a while as there was Blue Moon available, my favourite beer at the moment, which they served properly with a slice of orange. All in all great lunch with great beer.
5	I wrote my last review of Holyrood 9a in 2011! That's two years ago!! And oh how many burgers I've eaten in that time since. So it's only right that I update my review, and my rating from four to five stars.I've lived in Edinburgh for two years now, and can probably mark each moment, important or passing, with a burger from Holyrood 9a.My first summer BBQ in the Meadows: much like the BBQ chicken burger with piri piri fries.Halloween 2011: akin to a chilli death burger, all of that beefyness with chillis and extra chilli death sauce. January 2012: falafel burger, for all my sins, without the bun.The Festivals in August: the Pioneer, with rosemary mushrooms and garlic mayo. A bit mad, a bit messy, but oh-so-good.And New Years' Day 2013: the Chicken Italienne with sun-dried tomatoes and sweet potato fries. The best start to the best year.(That's right, they've added sweet potato fries to the menu as an option for your fries. YES!)And there are so many more burgers. And so many more options, like sides, salads, steak sandwich, and desserts like the four-person-to-share Kitchen Sink sundae.Not even to mention all the specialty beers, and vast range of spirits. Oh and free wifi. Dog-friendly. Really friendly staff. Great for big groups.I mean Holyrood 9a kind of has everything. Which is why it's probably one of my most visited places in Edinburgh for the past two years, and will continue to be so for 2013. Above all, it does some of the best burgers in the city.
5	This is an ace bar if you're a fan of beer or burgers. I really enjoy having a good feed somewhere with a good atmosphere.They are the same group as The Southern and The Red Squirrel. I'd say they blow the Red Squirrel out the water and are on a par with the excellent Southern. Staff are good and knowledgable. The bar is big and spacious. There is adequate seating and you can book a place if you want to! However this does mean that Friday nights, Saturday nights and some brunchtimes this place can be busier than a doctors surgery during winter cold season. I recommend - Burgers, trying some beers and enjoying them! Brilliant for a quick meal/pint on the way to/from the station too as it's only a few minutes away!
5	5/5 from a very strict judge, like me! Excellent food, the greatest most decilious burgers ever (I have eaten burger in many places in Edinburgh and this was the clear winner)! With so many yummy burger options that you can't wait to try them all. I had tried the pioneer and the holyrood and the holyrood barbeque, all of them were delicious! I also love the beer selections and the desserts (after a huge meal I tried the toffee sundae and it was perfect). So no more words, great food at a very good price. The only "-" : we should definitely book on friday/saturday as the place is full. We were dissapointed not to find tables when we hadn't book, so plan ahead.
4	To think I've known about this place for ages (and used to work v near it actually) but never bothered to go in?!? I feel ashamed.  My very first experience of Holyrood 9A was on Friday night, as a pre-gig (at the Pleasance) meeting place. I loved it! It was jam packed with people so I really felt like I'd been missing a trick - and I had! It has a really cool vibe and relaxed atmosphere without trying hard. It's the type of place you just wanna drink in, especially if you are a beer lover as you have a million & 1 varieties to choose from that seem to change on a regular basis.The waft of burgers smelled so appetising ...drool. Unfortunately we didn't book in advance (losers!), so the the chance of getting a table on a fri night appeared to be slim to none, but we all agreed we would go back, ready and willing to tackle the huge menu of burgers on offer! I didn't feel justified scoring this place higher based on 1 experience of drinks only (standing at the bar at that!). However on my 2nd visit, IF the burgers are as good as they smelled and looked, I may even score the place 5 stars depending on the speed and quality of service.Another positive is that I work right opposite their sister place (The Red Squirrel on Lothian Rd) and I HAVE partaken of yummy burger there and will again! :)
4	Holyrood 9A is unlike it's siblings (The Southern & The Red Squirrel) in the sense that it has a divide between drinking and dinning area. The front bar area tends to fill up Thursday to Saturday evenings however if you get a seat here it is comfortable and has a very similar feel to sitting in The Southern. If on the other hand you are sitting at the back to eat your burger there is a bit of a feeling that the staff want to turnover the table, rather than have you sit and drink a few beers.The burgers and the beers are great, the bar has a good pub vibe, however the back area seating isn't a natural resting place to drown a few pints. Personally I feel that The Southern pips it at the post a little and is the better bar, but I am a fan of Holyrood 9A.
3	I had been reading reviews of the amazing burgers here. Um, not really all that. Really just A-OK. Actually reminded me a lot of the Southern, pretty much same quality.Another annoyance was that the onion rings seemed from frozen. Its not that difficult to make fresh delicious onion rings, is it? Am I asking for too much? I don't think so. So, all in all I continue my hunt for the best burger in Scotland and so far the best one I've had has been at home. Maybe I should open up a burger joint.
5	You know those days where a lunch time burger and a pint turns into an accidental all day session? They always start in a pub just like this!Decent burgers and a selection of beer that has something for everyone as well as good coffee. The pub is a little bit of everything - dark corners in the back, continental  little coffee tables at the front and a lengthy bar you prop yourself up at.While seats can be in short supply at times, it doesn't take long for some to free up and the pub itself is well located - not too far from the train station and spitting distance from both the grassmarket/cowgate and royal mile.Definitely worth popping in, either for a quick coffee or a few pints - it'll be time well spent
4	Were super friendly...Was top notch beer/burger...Student discounts too.
4	Even though this was the most flying visit of flying visits, I was really impressed with the Holyrood 9A and would make sure to go back next time I'm in Edinburgh.A great little pub with ultra friendly staff, good service and a place that felt like it had a decent amount of atmosphere in it even though it was mid afternoon. With a menu that boasts a huge selection of gourmet burgers, I managed to narrow it down to the Haggis burger or the Pork and chorizo with guacamole. It's safe to say I made a wise choice by following my love of mexican with a hint of spice as it was super tasty, but the haggis one is definitely on my list for my next visit north of the border. Great espresso too!
4	The Holyrood of burgers! Enjoyed the burger very much. The place is busy as usual, but they always try to find a way to squeeze you in. "In Holyrood 9A you are ensured of a good burger!" that is what they told me. I know that is a bold statement and I put it to the test. I ordered, I received and ...mmmm, that is some tasty burger man. Juicy, firm and compact. The bun: crunchy and light. The filling: plentiful and tasty. I vote this to be one of the better burgers consumed in a long while. Anita had a halloumi burger and she was well impressed. For afters we shared a selection of desserts, 3 bowls of ice-cream & wafers and a lemon cheesecake. Yummy to the max. The espressos were OK - they could have been a bit stronger. My other pleasant finding was the real ale and craft lagers on offer. I like this place for their food, still have to taste the atmosphere when just drinking, but with those beers & cocktails on the menu, that should not pose a big problem.
3	The Holyrood is a Bavarian style burger with beer mustard, Hereford Hop, rocket, red onion, and caramelized onion mayo. The star of the burger was the Hereford Hop cheese, which was melted to perfection, and paired very well with mustard and red onion. The caramelized onion mayo added an additional depth of creamy flavor to the burger making the condiments really work together. Unfortunately, because of these bold flavors the beef did not get a chance to stand out on the burger and the bun was only average. Overall, the Holyrood is a solid burger but it could have benefited from a juicier piece of beer or a pillowy bun to make each bite a bit more savory.
4	Holyrood makes one hell of a burger, but it's got a few flaws that keep it off my "NOM OMG MUST HAVE" burger list.The ambiance, look and layout of the bar are a perfect combination of pub and Prohibition speakeasy. The menu is probably the most extensive list of burgers and beers I've ever seen. The burger presentation is top-notch.So what could possibly be amiss? Sadly, the most important thing. Although they say they cook everything to medium by default, my order of medium rare came to me grey as a direwolf's coat. To further complicate matters, the sourdough bun was toasted to the point it would snap in half if flexed.Now, it's a testament to the quality of the ingredients involved that despite these flaws, this was still one SERIOUSLY TASTY BURGER. Almost perfect. If it had been medium rare and the bun soft, I may have lapsed into a burger coma and died happily right on the spot.The draught beer I enjoyed with my burger - Caesar Augustus - was billed as a blend of lager and IPA and could not have been a more brilliant burger compliment.
5	It was the best burger I had in my life!!!!! The cocktail are good too and the staff is great too
5	A really great pub, fast picking up a reputation for their gourmet burgers, so as a burger fan it was odds on I was going to visit! They are part of the Fuller Thompson pubs group so the Southern and the Red Squirrel also have the same menu.There is a great selection of beers from around the world behind the bar - I think 11 are always on draft and lots of bottles too, and the burger menu had plenty of choice for every taste. The service is always quick, and the portions generous. I love the Pioneer Burger although the pork and chorizo is also tasty. Next on the list is the chilli death burger! Chips are great and you can get sweet potato fries too.The staff are generally really friendly and the decor is a little more upmarket than your average boozer. If you fancy some lunch, or a bite to eat in a relaxing environment not too far off the royal mile/high street then this is your place. For us locals its a fab place to catch up with firends over a drink and some great grub!
4	Good burgers (we had venison, haggis and beef), nice beer selection and a comfortable couch in the back. Really good vibe in this pub.
5	This bar/restaurant was recommended to me as one of the places to check out if I wanted some decent haggis while on a recent trip to Edinburgh. After climbing up the nearby Arthurs Seat I was well in need of some refreshments, and Holyrood 9A did not let me down. I obviously ordered the haggis burger and it was possibly the best tasting meal I had in my entire time in Edinburgh!The price was reasonable considering the amount of food; a got a huge burger, a bowlful of chips and some sauce on the side. I could barely finish it but it was so tasty! The drink selection is also worth pursuing. The staff are very knowledgable and helped me pick a drink that would go with my food.The layout and ambiance give the bar a laid back feel. There was a mix of students and business persons, and it wan't too busy, even on a friday. Holyrood 9A is one of the few places I would truly recommend to anyone who wants a great tasting burger in a fantastic environment on their trip to Edinburgh, or to anyone local!
4	I finally took myself along to Game Dev Edinburgh this week after attempting to for months. Every second tuesday game developers meet up and chat games and other things, check it out.Anyway, this place is just round the corner from my work so i had a chunk of time to kill before the meet up happened.The bar is dominated by a pretty huge mirrored spirits section. They've got all sorts, and most of it is pretty decent stock rather than tons of the usual smirnoff keech. I got blethering with the bar manager about various booze types and I may have committed myself to trying various silly things in the future.as well as many spirits there are many beers of craft variety. i think about 12-15 different taps plus numerous bottles (although a fairly shocking cider selection.) I overheard the aforementioned bar manager talking about various drinks in great detail so i took the opportunity to quiz her about what was on offer and what might suit my tastes. I suspect she might have been trying to get me tanked as she kept suggesting stronger and stronger beers (8% beer on a work night?!?! eesh...) They were however all very tasty and she presented me with tasting testers without prompting which pleases me deeply. So much nicer than the glare you get from bar staff. How dare i want to check i like the taste of something before i buy a pint of it indeed. I digress.I had a burger (naturally) and it was damn tasty. Beer mustard, hop rolled cheese, fresh crunchy salad, and a decent slab of minced beef. winner. The piri piri chips were nothing special but crunchy and salty so by no means bad. Perhaps the chunky variety are better?I didnt order a pudding myself but someone at gamedeved did and it was gargantuan. Like bigger than the head of the girl who bought it. I was offered a sample and the ice cream, sauce, and crunch combo i taste was certainly very tasty.This place is always rammed at weekends but was pretty quiet on the tuesday I went.I'm sure i'll go back again!
5	I've only heard good things about Holyrood 9A and I've been desperate to go, but Mr LG and I just never had the time, or money. So one Saturday evening we arrived at Holyrood 9A famished and thirsty. We waited around twenty minutes on a table, which for dinner time on a Saturday evening was not bad. The service was grand. Not too overbearing, not too shoddy. Just right. I had an original burger, because I'm a plain kind of girl. The food took a wee while to come but when it did it was worth it because IT WAS THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD. Well, so far anyway. The cocktails were also grand but I was left unable to stomach another meal all weekend, so it must have been good!Would recommend if you're about. The burgers are too tasty.
4	It took us a while to find this place, but we went the wrong way and then took another wrong turn ending up with us taking another wrong turn, but hey that's just down tomy lack of map reading ability! When we got there it was quite busy as they were due to start a beer tasting but they managed to find us a table, we were promptly served by lovely the lovely staff who got me my apple mojito as opposed to the normal one on the cocktail list.They had a large variety of beer on offer, which sadly I know nothing about, choosing a beer for me would be a bit like choosing a horse at the grand national, you go with the most unusual name? The menu is varied and I went for a tandoori chicken burger, which was lovely although probably one of the messiest burgers I have ever tried to eat! My boyfriend had the Holyrood BBQ burger which was apparently also really good! There was a really good atmosphere here and it wasn't that expensive!
4	Good food, nice interior and atmosphere. Went there for lunch; was quite empty but service was very timely and accommodating. Can't believe I haven't been here before as I live in the area, and I am planning on going back, perhaps for some snacks and a beer, of course! I'd highly recommend.
5	Service, food, and price were superb for a Sunday afternoon dinner. Holyrood 9a did not disappoint. I will be back!
5	I just had dinner here tonight and have to say my burger was amazing- and their beer selection is definitely impressive!
4	The previous reviews have been mostly spot on. If you are on the hunt for burgers and beer this place should work for you. The burger selection is  good and the arrive well presented. The staff are friendly and capable. The prices represent the market, no deal, but fair. I don't understand why there is an up-charge for seasoned chips. I wish they used bold cheddar rather than a weak swiss for the cheese.
4	Good beer list, lots of local brews or brews from Scotland. There is a huge list of burgers, I thought the patties were a little bland, but everything else was good about it. The brioche bun is always a nice touch for me! I had the sweet potato fries which I really enjoyed!! Service is fast!
5	Not surprised to see a strong presence on Yelp for  this place, with a well deserved high rating as well.This place was great. Really great vibes, with friendly staff, and the BURGERS. Easily one of the most satisfying burgers I have had in years, and our 8-strong party all tucked into different types of burgers and left clean plates - we were pleased.I was surprised at the amazing side portions: my mushroom dish was absolutely amazing, with a far bigger portion than expected. The cocktails were also phenomenal and worth every penny. No complaints from this civilian, so it's an easy 5-stars from me.P.S. How do they do it in such a small kitchen?
2	The burgers are not close to what i would describe as good. The meat was overcooked and it was a round ball of meat, which made it fall apart. The fries where okay and the beer selection was good.
2	I don't believe I ate the same food as some of the other reviewers... I knew something was up when they didn't ask us how we wanted our burgers cooked (which seems to be a trend here in Scotland), and they came to us completely overcooked. Just a mass of gray tasteless meat with some random stuff on it. The coleslaw was watery and had a weird fishy taste. The fact that the same owners have a number of restaurants serving the same things in the city means that they've unfortunately cornered the Edinburgh burger market. Two stars only for the beer selection.
3	last night was my first visit to the original gourmet burger to-go place in Edinburgh.  i'd been to the other Holyrood 9a branches so i was looking forward to visiting the original and seeing if the burgers here were still the best in town.the answer is no, they're not really.  edinburgh has recently seen a wealth of new burger places pop up and only really one stands out for me for having really awesome burgers.  however, my visit to Holyrood 9a was very firmly A-OK.  when i arrived at half past five the place was just moderately busy so we all hoped it'd be a quick dinner and we could be out the door to our event without any hassle.however, that was not the case.  we asked for some water while we quickly looked over the menu but then the waitress disappeared for almost ten minutes but thankfully re-appeared with our water and quickly took our order.  however, it was over a ten minute wait to get three beers... we didn't feel overly confident that our burgers would arrive in a reasonable amount of time but thankfully they did.i got the cheese burger, which is their original burger with cheese added.  the burger was ok.... the patty was on the juicer side and the pickle added a nice tang.  the cheese was a bit too bland to stand up to the mustard sauce that was on the burger.  the biggest problem was the bun, it was hard and chewy and after a few bites i decided to just leave it and eat the burger.  the best part of the meal was the sweet potato fries that are reliably good. since we'd asked for our bill when the food arrived we were able to just leave cash and depart quickly to get onto our event.  but i have to say overall i was not that impressed with Holyrood 9a.  the service is slow and the burgers are only ok.  i probably won't be rushing back with all the other options now available in edinburgh.
4	My husband and I dined at Holyrood on New Years Eve via a reservation we made about a month prior. From making the reservation to arriving at the restaurant, I felt the administration part of the business was completely unorganized. When I called to make the reservation, I spoke to two people before finally being passed to the person handling reservations. When I received a voicemail from the Holyrood asking if we wanted to order off the festive menu or not and I called back, I again spoke to two people before finally speaking to someone who was in a position to understand and note that we did not want to order off the festive menu. When we arrived at the restaurant at our appointed time, we again were passed to three different people before being seated. With all the disorganization on the administration side of things, I was surprised that they actually had our reservation on the books. So, a half-star deduction because of this.The food was good though not exceptional. My initial reaction was how fast it flew out of the kitchen and how small the kitchen was (and that only one person was working the kitchen). We started with the pickles (homemade and very good) followed by the spiced popcorn (stale and not spiced at all) and onion rings (hot, delicious, yum).I ordered the chicken BBQ burger. I was a huge fan of the BBQ sauce but the burger fell short when it came to the cheese. The cheese was not a cheese slice but rather a dollop of cheese in the middle of the chicken breast. I couldn't taste the cheese, therefore should have asked to have it omitted as it was a waste of calories and calories are really what one is thinking about on the biggest binge eating and drinking night of the year! LOL. The fries were shoestring fries which are my favorite and they were good but maybe not the freshest shoestring fries on the block.My husband ordered a beef burger and mentioned that, "eh, it was a burger." He also mentioned that he didn't think they put cheese on his burger and I explained that he needed to look for a small dollop on top of the patty. He found the dollop of cheese under my guidance.So, overall, the food was good - good enough that I would return. I do have one problem with the food, however. My problem is the unconventional serving platter the food is served on. It's a piece of wood. While I think a piece of wood in place of a traditional plate is cool and trendy, it's not functional. Also in the category of non-functional ways to serve food is on a piece of slate. Since there is no "rim" on a piece of wood or slate, ketchup gets everywhere. Food falls off the wood platter and on to the table and, yeah, it just doesn't work. I wish restaurants would stop using wooden platters and pieces of slate.The service was hit-and-miss. Our table was located in a corner of the backroom which meant that we were constantly overlooked by servers passing by. But that's not my biggest issues with the service. My biggest issue with the service is technology. When you order, the server taps in your order on an iPad mini. There is something I find completely dis-genuine about servers using iPads and other devices of the like for taking orders. I'd go so far as to say that I hate it but I'm not living under a rock. I understand that probably all restaurants will be using these types of systems within five years. I get it. My problem with it is that if my server is just going to punch in some data into an iPad, why not just have an iPad at each table where I can punch my order in myself? I'd get better service this way as I could trigger another drink order when I was ready versus having to flag down my server. So, another half star off.In addition, the software running on the iPad was lacking in some basic functionality. For example, our server had to punch in our order in the order of starter, main, dessert. We happened to order our mains first and then added on our starters and she had to delete the order and start over. This meant that we had to repeat our orders. This is not efficient and is, actually, quite frustrating on both ends. Our server said, "I so badly want to go back to pen and paper." And then she said, "Sorry this is taking so long. There are just so many tiny boxes that I have to carefully select."The tiny box problem likely explains why my husband received a Punk beer instead of a pumpkin beer. Our server probably fat-fingered the tiny boxes and selected Punk instead of pumpkin.Finally, the toilets (women's). They need improvement. They are way too small.
