4	Great breakfast place, fantastic pancakes and french toast.  Great Service, everything was hot and fresh.  Also have been here for lunch their portions were large and very tasty had the turkey melt sandwich. Will definitely be back.
1	WOW! My one star review was removed? Oh, nope, they just started a new page!Well, my original is below- Biscuits Management, rather than trying to HIDE the truth about your restaurant, why not just FIX IT? We were the THIRD table in a row complaining about the same thing - screwed up orders and cold food all in one swoop. After this, we'll make sure to voice our opinions loud and clear to our friends at the Church down the road.Original review---35 minute wait for food.Ordered Apple Cinn. French Toast, received Cinnamon Bun French Toast.You'd think while cranking food out of the kitchen, it would actually be hot. NOPE, no hot food either.Cold pancakes, Cold French Toast, And room temperature hash browns.All issues were brought to waitresses and managements attention - nothing done whatsoever.  Was told there is a "learning curve."Miserable failure.Enjoy the $40, it'll take you about a month to have everyone come through once, get your poor quality food, hear your excuses and never come back.One star for the decor.AVOID!!!
4	We stopped in for a Saturday breakfast and this place really hit the spot. The Saturday crowd wasn't too bad but was much like the normal Denny's and IHOP crowd. The restaurant was originally a coffee house so that's the vibe that we got.The menu was actually pretty wide and I got the meat lover's scramble. It was really delicious, the service was right on and very warm and friendly. Prices are pretty decent also. Apparently this restaurant has a few other locations also. If you're hungry for some decent portions of breakfast I would definitely recommend Biscuits.
3	After searching for a great breakfast place I thought I finally found one.  The restaurant was clean and quite quaint.  The servers were pleasant.  The menu offered a nice assortment of items although very pricy for breakfast.   The server was nice and coffee came out fast. We ordered and waited for sadly a cold meal.   Side note the biscuit were hot a pretty good.   This was there second week open. We will try them again in a month or two.
1	There was a 15 minute wait when we arrived at noon. It was Dan, Kai, and myself. I ordered a delicious cup of freshly squeezed apple juice for Kai and I, coffee also for me, Dan got a regular 'ol iced tea. We ordered our food- I got eggs bacon red potatoes and pancakes, and Dan got their corn beef hash. We ordered pancakes for Kai, and as usual, planned to share our nutritious portion with Kai. We waited, and waited, and waited some more. During the 30-40 minutes (seriously) we were waiting, Kaiden, like all toddlers, had portrayed varied moods and sounds. After people that had come after us were being served, we started getting a little frustrated. This frustration on our part coincided with Kai's worst mood yet of course, so there we were, all hungry, bored, tired and irritated. I think our server serviced us twice during the whole stay: Once when he brought our drinks early on and the other while Kai and Dan were outside waiting for me to finish when he needed to clean up. Never did he stop by to refill our drinks or to even ask if we needed anything at all. Another section's waitress, who noticed that we weren't doing so great (we are generally subtle when we are displeased) asked me if I wanted another fork bc Kai kept dropping silverware on purpose, i politey declined but wanted to give her a hug lol! To Kill more time I began spinning kai around in his high chair since it had wheels and the floor was concrete. I had to keep him from crying bc he was very hungry, bored and tired. Our waiter hadn't offered any crayons and acted as though Kai didn't exist. I presume he doesn't like children but there were a lot of kids there... This place did NOT seem kid friendly! I'm sure it was just our waiter but I guess we'll never know bc that was the first and last time we'll be going there! I asked our waiter for coffee and he said okay but forgot. The food fiiiinally arrived and was served to us by a man we had not yet met, I think he was a bus boy. I asked him for a refill on my coffee but he too had forgotten. During the meal Kaiden was finally quiet but even that couldn't make our waiter stop by. It took me 3 attempts to flag him down and still, I'd politely asked for a refill. The FOOD: Dan said his was bland, not anything great (mind you, this place costs even more than Good Egg & they their bacon is smaller than Good Egg' s). I liked the food, the pancakes were almost as good as Good Egg's. Their food is very simple. At this point Kai was getting loud again but I wasn't quite done with my food and my expensive coffee was still too hot to drink so Dan took Kai to the car to wait for me. Now that the boys were gone the waiter stopped by, but, it was only to drop off the check :-( He did ask me if I wanted boxes though.... But this just made me feel like he wanted me the hell out of there. We could've been out there quicker if we had a waiter that'd existed. I'm a sappy chump though so I still tipped him 20%. The entire breakfast bill including tip was $50.... Yeah... That's expensive for what we could have done at home ourselves and better!!! Save your money and your mood for a few hours by avoiding this place... Or just the waiter... Idk...........
1	So much potential, so much lameness. Arrived, Saturday morning about 1130 with a starving family in tow. Greated at door by sour faced teenage hostess, told 15-20 minute wait. That is acceptable. The rest of the experience was not acceptable. At the door I could see 5 open tables with 3 groups waiting. Oh well, waited 20 mins, was called by sour face and offered a table in the main walking path at front of the resturant. I requested a table out of the path of every one, pointed to at 3 tables put together next to the window. Her response was that is for 6 people, she then rolled eyes, pulled the tables apart, threw the menus in the middle of the table and left. We sat, waited for 10 minutes for a server to take the order. She seemed pleasant enough. I ordered the ham benidict and asked that she insure the eggs be poached soft. We then waited for 30 mins for the food to show. After asking for her to check on the food. I checked the eggs one was undercooked, runny egg whites, the other poached hard. I then asked to see her, she returned. I said I asked that the eggs be cooked to my liking, soft poached, she said they are,I responded that a hard yolk is not soft, she responded what do you want me to do, I ran out patience, just like this run on sentance, and asked that she take the plate and remove the charge ($10.98). She offered to take the charge off and remake. I said I was not interested in a new plate. I did not want to wait and I do not complain to get free food. She walked away. It actually was kinda of a strange interaction. Now it becomes an irritatating experience. A woman approaches the table, does not introduce herself and starts interrogate me about the eggs. I said, they were not cooked to my specs, I would rather not have another order, I would rather not discuss it any further. I told her that I would pay for what I ordered. She stated that she was sent by "her director of operations to state that they thought the eggs were fine." I then restated I would pay for the food, otherwise she was making me and my family uncomfortable. She interrupted stating that she did not want to make me uncomfortable. I replied that it was too late and requested she leave me alone. She walked away. No additional follow up. No refills on the drinks. Check dropped, the charges for my food removed. My family thought their food was ok. My wife's comments as we left was, that was too bad we need a local breakfast place. I must agree.My prediction is this place will last for about 6 months. Many resturants have come and go in that particular business park. If the owners would be interested in some advice, you might want to invest in some customer service training that would elevate your staff's competence level to match a ten dollar plate of bacon and eggs.
5	I met a friend there yesterday for breakfast.   Perfect comfort food for a rainy day.  Our food was delicious and we had great service.  A bit pricey but you get ALOT of food.  We will be back.
2	We dropped in to this spot at 6:45 one weekday morning. As we drove in, it didn't look like it was open yet, as there were almost no cars anywhere nearby. However, the door said it opened at 6:30, so we walked in and were shown to a table by a pleasant young woman. Clearly we were the first or second folks in the door that morning.As the morning sun shone in, it was clear that the floor had not been swept from the day before. There was SIGNIFICANT crumbage under every table, as well as crumbs on my chair that I somewhat dramatically swept away as we sat. Unfazed, the sweet young thing told us about the menu and specials and offered coffee, pronto. As we browsed the menu and awaited our coffee, I noted that several of the bottles of hot sauce and other condiments on the table were coated with dried dribbles. Ugh. Meanwhile, a group of 4-5 "white-shirts" were hanging around, in and out of the kitchen and finally seated at a table adjacent to us. After our food arrived and we had eaten, I approached a couple of the now-standing "management" and told them how great our food and service had been- it really was- but that the dirty floor and unkempt table made me uncomfortably suspicious about what might be happening back in the kitchen sanitation-wise. I said we need more places like this in Glendale and that I really wanted to see them make it. They turned, looked at the dirty floor and said thanks and turned away. I might have given this place another chance if they had taken the opportunity to offer us a free coffee on our next visit, or apologized or said we were short on help last night, we hope you'll try us again... something! First impressions mean a lot. A clean floor is absolutely basic restaurant business!
1	The food was not good. Had the corned beef hash and it was bland. I asked for over easy eggs and they were over cooked. The price for the food is over rated. You need to make a change In your kitchen or your doors will close in 6 months tops!?or maybe less...
4	My experience definitely did not match the negative reviews I read!I came on Saturday around 12:30 for brunch.  At first I thought it was a pet store, due to the misleading name and sign, but I managed to figure out the truth.  I like to take myself out to a leisurely brunch on occasion and people watch or read.  Many people think it's strange for a perfectly normal (and amazingly attractive and delightful, I might add) girl to enjoy going out alone, but to that I say Hey! Don't judge me.  There were plenty of tables, and I didn't have to wait at all.  I took my time perusing the menu, because it's actually pretty extensive.  They had a full breakfast and lunch selection.  I picked Sweet Potato Pancakes because I didn't know if they'd be pancakes with a sweet potato vibe or if they'd be more like your latke-style potato pancake, and I like to take risks.  (Spoiler alert: They were the former)  The pancakes were good, nice flavor, the sausage was awesome (I rarely get sausage, so I hate being disappointed when I do), and I got my eggs poached.  I appreciate poached eggs a lot so I wouldn't complain, but I prefer them poached easy, and these came poached hard.  Still, I didn't specify when I ordered and the girl didn't ask.  Also, being a New England native, I don't have much respect for faux maple syrup.  That's a personal problem though, not the fault of Biscuits.They have acceptable coffee- darker and weaker than I like it, but if you're a Starbucks fan (I am not) it's a lot like that.  The place was clean, the service was great, I sat there and read my book for a long time and no one bothered me, nor did I feel any pressure to get the heck out and stop loitering.  The ambiance is a little... corporate.  But so is just about every restaurant on this side of Phoenix.  They could benefit from an extra wall or two, and some more creative seating options (booths, big tables, couches- I love that stuff).  The other complaint I have is one I have about most restaurants in Phoenix- there really aren't any options under $10.  I'm not saying they need to take down the price of their whole menu, but I believe by principle one should be able to order coffee and an egg sandwich or something the average obese American might not be satisfied with and cover the whole thing with a Ten.  Nothing fancy, but something for us poorer or less hungry folk.If this restaurant were in my hometown of Deliciousfoodville, Massachusetts, I'd give it 3 stars.  Because it's in Glendale, where my standards are so much lower it gets 4.  I'll definitely be back.  It's better than The Good Egg or Wildflower.
3	OK but overpriced food. Decent service, but why do all the people working here look miserable?
3	Came here when it opened and thought this place was stellar. Unfortunately it has lost some of its charm (and service quality) since then but I will probably return due to its proximity to Miswestern...a place where I spend most of my day. Things I've ordered and enjoyed:Cinnamon french toast and chicken apple sausages- DELICIOUS french toast if you're a fan of cinnamon. and those sausages are legit!Corned Beef sandwich with a side salad- HUGE sandwich, pretty good. The salad they gave was obviously old and wilted so I asked them to switch it out which they were nice about.Corned beef hash and pancakes- the beef hash was chunky which was different from the mushy corned beef I'm usually used to lol. It was alright. Pancakes were standard too. Cons:A bit priceySLOW service Overall a decent breakfast place, will return.
3	Came here for breakfast with the intention of staying a few hours to study.  I had an omelette which was okay, but the  waiters kept coming by to see if I was okay after I had finished their food and was studying...even though there was hardly anyone else there.
2	My wife and I tried Biscuits Cafe on May 12th for breakfast. It was about half full at 7:30AM on Mother's Day. Even though it was only half full, breakfast took a long time to arrive at the table and it was cold when it arrived. My wife had an omelet and I had the breakfast tacos with sausage. Both of us were disappointed. The omelete was really just a fried egg folded over the ingredients with a slice of american cheese meted on top. I loved the idea of breakfast tacos but the execution was poor. The eggs were cooked so much they were browned. The tortillas were white corn and a bit dry for a breakfast dish. I would use flour tortillas here, but that's a judgement call. The hash browns were very wet and mushy. I suspect they were frozen, but I could be wrong. The server was excellent though. She sensed that we were less than excited about our meals and gave us a couple biscuits. The biscuits are great and the jams they serve with them are tasty too.I will give this place another chance in the future, but Betty's Knosh is still a better option for breakfast in the neighborhood.
3	Basic breakfast. Large portions; would be nice to be able to order smaller portions at a lower price.
3	The greeting at the door was awkward as I waited to be sat or find out if I seat myself. The hostes must have not knew what  she was doing or was  overwhelmed from the day. Anyways ,best part of the meal was the biscuits. The gravy was thick and creamy to smother the average size biscuits. No alcohol served so my beverage was a grapefriut juice and that shit was very concentrated.Service was a little slow but had no  problems occur.Nothin special about this joint.
4	This is a local chain and apparently the owner live nearby in Arrowhead to this location, so this one is near-n-dear to them.   It's a great local breakfast joint that we have added to our list.  Again - we like to go local, rather than big chains.  The food is great.  The only complaint is the tables on the upper level, near the windows. It's poor design and why they haven't got rid of them is perplexing.   Avoid them if you don't mind being locked in with table legs!
2	Tried out this new place today.   Looks good from the outside and the interior/atmosphere was decent.  Service was not all that great and the food was ok.  Not bad but nothing to write home about.   Overall a 2.5/3 on the scale.
1	A 'CHICAGOAN' TRIES BISCUITS!OMG UCK ~ shoulda listened to the other yelpers=DONT DO IT!!pancakes were TOOO fluffy too much BP ~ tastlessbiscuit was hard around the edge --( put in the microwave)& tiny about 2 1/2 inchesgravy had 2(TWO) tiny pieces of sausage in it --  tasted like flour & milk( otherwise known as wallpaper paste)and it has a strange sweet taste to itslice of ham was  VERY SALTY   will NEVER go againsave your money!!!
3	If I could give 3.5 stars, I would. Initially, I was concerned at the poor reviews but it was Sunday morning, I was slightly hungover and the biscuit cafe was just down the street. First off, greeted at the door immediately, seated, OJ and coffee followed by a decent breakfast. Portions were big. What else could I ask for? Overall, good experience.
2	This was the first time I've ever been to this restaurant and unless things substantially improve, it will likely be the last.  I met three friends here on a weekday morning this week and the place wasn't very busy at all.  Despite this, the service was abysmal.  The young waitress was very sweet, but it took forever to get anything.  We were seated and it took her at least five minutes to show up and ask if we wanted drinks.  We ordered coffee and it took another 8-10 minutes before she came back with it.  It was a solid 15 minutes after that before she showed back up to take our order.  And then we waited almost 30 minutes for the food to show up.  We were there for over an hour and a half and had to ask for her to refill our coffees.  It seemed like it didn't occur to her that we would want a refill and even when we did manage to flag her down, it took her at least five minutes to bring back the coffee.The food was okay, but nothing great.  The french toast was fine except for the margarine they put on top tasted slightly rancid, which I honestly didn't even think was possible.  I scraped it off and the french toast with syrup was fine without it.  The red potatoes were just so-so, they tasted a little like dishwater for some reason, but they were at least crispy and had potential.  The bacon was awesome though, thick and cooked perfectly.  Seriously, if all of the food was as awesome as the bacon, I would probably look past the bad service to some extent.This restaurant is in a fantastic location, directly across the street from Midwestern university and right off the highway.  Given the right staff, with the right training, and some tweaks to the food it could be a goldmine.  Keep having bad service and so-so food and it will be out of business in no time.
1	Been here four times now because I so want it to be great-it isn't. The wait staff need training badly! The manager ( i think) wanders around giving no direction to the staff. Today I sent eggs back 3 times and asked to speak to him on the third try because everyone else I was with was finished. He came over and dripped sweat on my plate and just looked like don't bother me. Service is slow and no one has a specific job. No designated bussers. Waitress may bus if she feels like it. If not there is a long line to get in and lots of tables-just all of them dirty. Food is pretty good and worth a return visit if they would just act a little like the cared if you were there!
4	I came to this location several times when it was a coffee shop. At that time the decor was wonderful but the people were emotionless assholes and the prices were too high.Breakfast food is my favorite and I have seen this place several times. No clue when it opened because never saw any cars when I drove by.Today was different. The parking lot was virtually packed. When I walked in the first words out of my worth were, "They ruined it!"It's drab drab drab....cheap crap tables and chairs, bland walls, some leftover decor.The server was amazingly friendly and attentive - other than forgetting the strawberry jam we specifically requested. The food was delicious - the pancakes AMAZING! As were the veggie omelets.This place completely redeemed itself with the food.Bravo!Will return.
3	This place was so busy!  Because this part of town needed a new/additional breakfast place.  It's not fancy but it was new, cute, clean.  And we loved the food.  Service was great even on a very busy Sunday.  5 of us ate for cheap and we loved it.  It didn't take long to get seated either because this is a decent sized place.  I definitely would recommend it, and I will go back, even if they are busy.
4	I've been here twice and enjoyed it even more today.  The service was stellar and the food very delicious.  I had the Country Eggs Benedict which was Biscuits and sausage , pouched eggs and a delicious country gravy.  I chose hash browns over the red potatoes and it was a huge serving and cooked to a nice golden brown.  My friend had a veggie omelet with the red potatoes and he said it was very delicious.Give it a try!
4	Good food, reasonable process and great service!!!  Vikki was awesome!!! :-)
1	We had breakfast here today, and will not return. Apparently this is a local outpost of an Oregon chain. The waiter extolled the virtues of the house-made sausage gravy, the biscuits, and wonderful strawberry jam made in Oregon. We found the biscuits to be heavy, possibly under-baked, and the gravy to be grainy with too much flour. I had a blueberry pancake, which was, well, ordinary, with only a few blueberries. I should have known better than to order mixed berries in October, because they had been frozen and were thawed to unpleasant mush. We did not have occasion to try the strawberry jam. Prices are pretty high for such mediocre fare.
1	After having a less than stellar experience trying out the new US Egg on Bell, my mom and I decided to try Biscuits Cafe which is also relatively new. We had high hopes for Biscuits, but were even more disappointed. We both ordered the "Keep it Simple," which allows you to pick three breakfast items from a long list. My mom got eggs, Sourdough toast, and turkey bacon. I got the eggs, red potatoes, and turkey bacon. The food came out really fast which was a plus. Everything was decent until I noticed a GIANT BLACK HAIR halfway through my eggs! I was disgusted and notified the waiter. His response was, "That's gross." He returned with a new plate of food and added a piece of wheat toast to make up for the hair I guess. The thing is, normally I don't make a huge fuss about hairs and bugs because I know things happen, but we were just a little disappointed overall because Biscuits Cafe did look promising...
5	These days this is my favorite GO TO Sunday breakfast!! There are many good things about this place.1. Good service!! The staff is cheerful and accommodating.  I hate walking into a restaurant and not being acknowledged because the staff is too "busy" to say a quick welcome. RUDE!! But this place always greets and updates you on how long your wait would be.2. GOOD food!! My fave on the menu is the Almond Crusted French Toast!! It's great to find a restaurant that adds something different to their menu. I love that it's not that rich but full of flavor.  AMAZING!! Last week I had the blueberry pancakes. NOM NOM!!3.  Ample parking! The parking lot gets full but the turn around is great and I always find a spot.Thank you Biscuits Cafe!! I can never get sick of you :)
1	This is got to be the worst place to eat.. I order a cup of soup. It arrived cold..  Than I order cinnamon french toast with eggs it all arrived very cold they did not have our place settings no silverware napkins on the table we had to wait 10 minutes for napkins and silverware then I went to the restroom one of the employees came out still wearing the glove I was not sure if he was a busboy or one of the cooks as I proceeded to eat my cold french toast I found a hair on my plate..   The service was super slow.
4	Great place! We decided to try and we are coming back for sure. Portions are generous, food is great, and service was fast and friendly. They have a signature jam that originally I wasn't interested in trying. Our waitress brought a side of it and I'm glad she did. I recommend this restaurant! My only suggestion would be they take your payment at the table instead of at front counter.
5	I don't know about you, but I like a cozy booth at breakfast time.  They had none at this place.  That is about the only thing I can think of that would have made this place better.   The food is great, the service was bright, attentive and quick. The prices weren't the cheapest but not too bad and worth the quality, for sure. Mom thinks they ruined their gravy with the abundance of fennel seed, but I didn't mind it.  Thought it was good.  Biscuit was lost under the gravy, so they weren't stingy.  Mom loves the Joe's scramble.  Huge pile of food.  Enough to share. We will be back.
1	After our last 'ok' experience, we thought we'd give it one last chance. Big mistake. Not only is the service terrible (and slow), the food is awful. Pancakes? Disgusting. Waffles? Disgusting. Hash browns? Disgusting (and cold). Biscuits & gravy? Disgusting (which is weird, because the place is called Biscuits!). You get the picture. I'd much rather just make waffles at home from a box then eat this garbage again. You've been warned.
1	Horrible service & food. This is my 3rd time here and I am so disappointed. My first visit was when they just opened and it took over an hour to get our food. Unfortunately we spent our entire lunch break waiting for food that never came. The second time was decent. But today, it took our waiter 30 min to bring us water and coffee. The food I ordered came out wrong and the hashbrowns were cold. When we told the waiter he proceeded to touch the hashbrowns with his fingers before he took it away. The biscuits were dry and hard and the gravy was grainy. I wish this place was better because it is so close to where we live but sadly we will not be back. I've tried this place multiple times and it is NOT worth it. If you want pricey & mediocre food with the worst service then this is your place.
3	Honestly, as far as breakfast places go, I wasn't too impressed. I went here pretty recently but the fact that I don't remember much about the decor should be a good indicator about how I felt. It was just...average.As far as the food goes, it's also pretty average. I had the chocolate chip pancakes which were generously portioned and decent. I just wouldn't make the effort to return here. There are just too many delicious restaurants out there to try!
5	Very tasty breakfast. Got the Greek omelet. They served fresh strawberry jam for the toast. good size portion for the price. Will be back.
4	This place has a nice casual atmosphere with good food.  The Huevos Rancheros are tasty and filling.
1	I do not understand the great reviews of this place. If your namesake is "Biscuits", maybe you should do those exceptionally well? Or at least modestly well? The biscuits were small, terrible, expensive and slow to arrive. The rest of breakfast wasn't great either. The waitress was clueless to the menu items.
4	great breakfast...had joe's scramble.  very tasty and huge!!  could make 3 meals out of that.  the only thing i didn't like is the cashier took care of you but you paid up front and she printed out the receipt then and there so people were in line and could see whether you left a tip or not and how much if they had great eyes.  not my fav way to check out.
4	I came here specifically for the sweet potato pancakes. I have been searching high & low for a breakfast place in Phoenix with these babies!
2	My wife and I spotted this place a couple of week before, and decided to try it for Sunday morning breakfast. I read the reviews, and should have heeded the warnings. The location and setting were fine, but while the customers were mainly older, the wait were mainly younger and seemed disinterested. The menu looked good, but the biscuit and gravy were mediocre, at best. The gravy was congealed and the biscuit was unrecognizable. I asked for extra crispy bacon, but it was soggy, and had been sitting quite a while. Our waitress asked us once, near the end of our meal, "you guys need anything?", but otherwise was scarce. Another waitress went from place to place carrying on personal conversations with other waitresses, rather than paying attention to her tables. The prices were higher than most, the coffee was very good. Overall, I can't recommend this and we won't be returning.
3	The food is good, but they charge $.70 extra to add cheese to anything. Ridiculous! The nickel and diming people over a sprinkle of cheese is outrageous... Could deter me from coming back at this point when I can go somewhere else for the same price and not get charges for small extras.
4	I think the food is good. It's nothing to rave about but it's still good enough to keep me coming back. The staff is friendly and they have excellent service. This is one of the only Breakfast places in the area, besides IHOP and Denny's. I fall in love with their jams!!! They are freaking amazing!!!
2	Tried Biscuits again last week. They cannot make an egg over easy. The whites have to be cooked while the yolk is still runny. This is not rocket science.
5	I've been in Arizona for a year, and the staff at this place was the only thing holding me back from giving a decent review. They have greatly improved their customer service, from grumpy and indifferent to cheerful and attentive! The meals here are large and delicious, they even have 4-egg omelets!!! It's definitely worth a try if you're looking for a bright and tasty alternative from your Sunday morning breakfast norm.
1	I've been a couple of times.  Love the menu but food just doesn't have much flavor.  Also, there always seems to be a wait with empty tables.  It's the last time time I'm going. Besides the high prices it just doesn't seem like there are restaurant people managing it.
3	I came here on Father's Day around noon after a hike at Pinnacle Peak. Overheated and starved, I was ready to load up on carbs and protein. I ordered the Country Benedict, which consists of a biscuit, two sausage patties and two poached eggs smothered in gravy. It also came with a choice of hash browns, red potatoes or a substitution of fruit for an additional $1. The meal was enjoyable but average, much like the restaurant itself. Furthermore, the restaurant's temperature was a little too warm for me and I usually prefer not to sweat while I eat my breakfast.
2	Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat out so I was anxious to give this place a try even though I had to drive from Buckeye to Glendale to give it a try.  My first impression was this - pricey!  Very pricey.  But that's okay i guess if the food is exceptional but it wasn't exceptional.  It was good but not really anything to brag about.  I had the Zesty Chorizo omelet which was good but not really "Zesty".  They should call it just a Chorizo omelet and let it go at that.  I like the ability to be able to substitute my toast for a couple of pancakes and the pancakes were really light and fluffy.  Go ahead and ask for extra syrup right away because you will need it - for two large pancakes you will get a about 1 oz instead of a decanter of syrup like most other breakfast joints.  The wife had 2 scrambled eggs, red potatoes and turkey sausage.  She didn't eat the sausage - too much gristle.  She was not very impressed.It seems that this place doesn't believe in air conditioning either - it was HOT in this place (Arizona in the summer and NO A/C) and when we mentioned the lack of A/C to the hostess, she said they were going to get that fixed the next day!  Wow, as uncomfortable as it was for the customer, imagine how unbearable it was for the cooks!  But the one thing that would have me giving this place a thumbs down is that it's not very senior citizen friendly.  At the bottom of the menu in fine print is the notice that "Split orders 2.50 per plate" so when I ask for a plate to share one of my two pancakes with the wife, I got slapped with an extra $2.50!  REALLY?  Hell, she could have had her own order for of pancakes for $2.50!!!!Would I come back.  Probably not - it's expensive, very uncomfortable ambience (no A/C) and $2.50 just to have a waiter bring you an extra empty plate.
1	I came here this morning for breakfast and I already got a bad vibe when I entered. The customer service was not very nice and they treated us Like garbage. The soups are not good. Very high in sodium and the chili is the worst chili I have ever had. The corn bread was not moist. The chobb salad was very good though. I do not recommend this place though.
3	I had lunch before my one year olds Gymboree class and Biscuits is a nice spot in the plaza and more kid friendly than Zipps. The breakfast looked amazing . I was boring and ordered a soup and salad . The soup was Yankee Pot Roast which has down home cooking all over it ; it was hearty, full of yummy veggies . The salad was a little wilted and had chocolate chips in it and i assume that was by accident since there were three. Grossed me out so bad i couldn't eat it .  The food looked really good and might give it another try when i have a cheat day.
3	Mixed feelings about this place. Nice location and urban feel. The food was pricey  and good,  but as we sat there we noticed something....2 tables around us were calling over manager for issues with food. Not like wrong order issues, bit more like something in their food or whatever. As I was eating my eggs, which tasted ok I looked down and one whole section was green. What the what??? The almond French toast was very good. The male servers all had poor posture and kinda....weird. My husbands burger was good. So, not sure how to rate.
4	We went here after church and it was glorious! I got the 2 biscuits and gravy combo and my boyfriend got the country omelette. The food was good, although the hashbrowns seemed slightly undercooked. My boyfriend got a side of strawberry jam with his biscuits and holy moly it was DElISH!Our total was $23.12 (we had water with our meals) which is kind of pricey, but the service was so quick the money didn't really matter.Overall, it was a good experience. We'll be back!
1	I have mixed feelings. I love the food but the restaurant is ran by kids. You ask them a question and they look at you like a deer in headlights and unable to provide a solution. In the future if you have a large party please offer a solution for example: employee: I'm sorry and we appreciate you coming in we are very busy. I have a few options are you ok with splitting your party up or we have available outside seating. Only option we were left with was to leave. It's sad business owners don't appreciate the power and importance of customer service.
2	Server was pleasant explained the menu.  Food was expensive...$17 tip included for one(Breakfast for Lunch)Corned Beef Hash consisted of Stringy Corned beef, onions and a few large pieces of red potato, never seen it served in this manner. (Make my own after St. Pats)    Eggs over easy were perfect, toast and good Strawberry preserves.  The Hash Browns nice portion but the oil they were grilled on was on the  verge of turning.   Will have to think twice about going back.
5	Posted a tip with more details but we were very pleased with everything. Food good and we'll cooked, good coffee,  good service. Biscuits and gravy were awesome - not southern style fyi. We'd come back for sure.  We came on a Saturday around 9am for reference.
1	Don't know what happened today but this visit was a horrible experience. Certain my husband will never come back:1. 1 hr 20 minutes for breakfast for 2 people2. Would have been faster to drive to circle k for coffee refill and come back. 3. Waffle not cooked4. Buttered "dry rye" toast5. Cold food when it arrived6. Water came with lemon and took 15 minutes to get plain water7. Afraid to ask to replace food for fear that it would add 15 minutes to already lengthy visit 8. Couple next to us complained and the waiter told them it's a Monday and holiday so what do they expect 9. Oh and when we checked in we said inside or outside was fine. They seated people that came after us before us. When husband asked they didn't mark us as inside or outside. 10. Hardly ever saw waiter on patio unless he was delivering. But never to check on anyone. They did however take one of the meals off of our receipt which is why I gave 1 star.
5	Everything about this place is outstanding! My friend and I arrived here on a Sunday morning for breakfast and good conversation.   The place was already packed!  We waited about 15 minutes for a table.  The atmosphere here is pretty good.  You have a choice of indoor or patio seating which I think is nice.  We sat inside as it was a scorcher. I ordered the corned beef hash and it was dynamite! Real corned beef. Not that mushy canned junk. This was the real deal all crispy and tender and delicious!!! My friend had the avocado benedict and was extremely pleased.  Of course we HAD to try the house made jam as it is wonderful!!! I also appreciate the good sized coffee mugs they use and no shortage of refills.  I need a constant flow of coffee in the morning and Biscuits delivers. My only complaint is the parking. There's just not enough for this amazing restaurant.   You may find yourself walking a little ways from car to restaurant...but you may need it after filling your belly with the tasty treats you'll find on this menu.  Mmm.
5	Food was delicious! Large portion size. Boyfriend and I were stuffed. We will definitely come back. Almond crusted French toast was a Ten.
5	Amazing food great service and atmosphere... Definitely will be back! Had the most wonderful egg white scramble with spinach, mushroom, tomato and avocado... The preserves were exquisite.
4	Came here with my wife for a Sunday breakfast. Very close to where we live. Service was very friendly and the food was delicious. I had the corned beef hash and my wife had the 2 eggs your way with pancakes. Nice, modern decor and friendly atmosphere.
3	Breakfast on a busy Sunday morning. Service was really good. All staff was friendly and followed up on requests quickly.I thought it was overly expensive - $10 for 2 eggs, ham/bacon/sausage and pancakes/waffles. C'mon - it's not that expensive to make breakfast! I will say the meat was excellent, but eggs were eggs and the waffle was dry, so dry. My friend had pancakes and those were also dry.They have a $7.99 pick 3 option with a nice selection - but I would not get pancakes or waffles. I can only imagine the biscuits would be dry, too.I wanted to like this place. It was in a nice part of town. It was cute inside. The patio was nice. The food just won't bring me back.
5	We came here on a Friday morning and had an amazing breakfast. Our server was very friendly and the food was great. Good prices too!
4	Everything I've ordered here has been delicious. The omelets are flavorful and filling. Start looking at the menu before you sit down, because once your waiter leaves your table the first time, he's not coming back. The service is terribly slow, albeit friendly. The food is well worth the wait.
3	The foo was tasty. The atmosphere gets kind of loud but that's okay. Staff is friendly. Food consistently takes forever and is pricy. Almost $5 for a small smoothie. When busy there isn't much room to wait inside so you're forced to sit outside in the Arizona heat. Not a bad experience but time management needs improvement. Maybe they are understaffed? Also the parking situation is terrible since its tiny ad is shared with a building with multiple businesses
3	Just ok. That's about all I can say. Despite an overflowing parking lot, and the anxiety that brings when one is on the brink of becoming hangry, we were seated immediately. The menu was substantial but both my partner and I opted for the "keeping it simple" where you can choose from a list of standard items to make your own combo plate. Our food came relatively quickly but disappointment soon set in when I saw the slab of hash browns that was barely browned and entirely too thick, over cooked scrambled eggs, and bland pancakes. Don't expect anything fantastic. You do have a pretty good shot of getting a table if you're having a brunch emergency though.
