5	I absolutely adore this place, it's my go-to take-out/delivery/dine-in pizza joint. As previously mentioned, there are over 70 different items to try, and I'm on a mission to try them all! The ingredients are always really fresh and the crust is thin and wood-oven baked to perfection. So far, the stand-out pizza I've had is the smoked salmon pizza: sauce, capers, red onions, mozzarella, and fresh smoked salmon. I've only tried one of their calzones (the broccoli and blue cheese one), which was good, but not amazing- stick to the pizzas. Prices are reasonable and with such a diverse menu, you'll definitely want to keep going for more!
3	3.5Straddling the line between good old pizza and gourmet. If they're trying for the latter, they'll need a few refinements. The crust is superb. Good use of the wood-fired oven. The next step would be a drier pizza (less oil). And I somehow expected a better cheese. People will pay for fresh whole-milk mozzarella. At the price, we'll need a higher quality salad, too. In the matter of salad, quality is more important than quantity.Still, I'd pretty happily go back.
5	Really good Pizza place in Montreal. Pizza price around 14$ which is enough to fill someone.Highly recommended to take clients to lunch there.
5	Nice crust. Not too thin, not heavy. A paper placemat menu with 70 pizza options (somehow this already makes me love you). All the ones I've tried are fresh and the combinations tasty. Sort of an old Italian Quebecois family diner vibe with big pitchers, dignified but not fancy. They'll treat you right and fill you up and possibly pass on some life advice with the take-out menu. Come as you are.If the weather is fair and you sit in the patio you'll have one of the homiest views of downtown Montreal, looking out on Phillips Square, just off the press of St Catherine's. A lovely mellow old school place for pizza pie.
5	what you need to know about the atmosphere, service, and food :O)Atmosphere: Go, with God's Speed, and even with you eyes closed - this place is an institution!  Il Focolaio is always lively, always bustling, and a place were you look around and see people enjoying being there.  This isn't your run-of-the-mill pizzeria ~ this is a place we're you'll feel (even for a little while) that you're somewhere other than where you've come from.  Il Focolaio is usually very very busy at lunch time (it is near the heart of Montreal's business district), as such seating is hard to come by.  Unfortunately, the place (understandably) does not take reservations.  If this is your first time going, make sure to pass by at dinner time or a little later - say 6:30-9:00. Service:  The service at Il Focalaio is always (always) courteous, and quick - but equally down to a point.  SInce the place isn't very big (relatively), and its often at or near capacity, the waiters (mostly young), must do their jobs quickly and efficiently.  They're great at what they do.Food: Go! You will walk out giddy and satiated ... not unlike a successful first date! Be prepared to sit down at Focolaio and spend time agonizing over which of the 75 different kinds of pizza pies you would like (even those who've become regulars - still ponder the choices!).  Cooked on a stone hearth with fresh ingredients that are as diverse are they are plenty, pizzas come to your table pipping hot on a thin crust.  Beer is on tap, and wines are also available.  The menu does contain some other no-pizza choices like salads, pastas, and lasagna - but let's not kid ourselves - the pizza is why you want to be there! Not a place to grab a slice and go - you'll want the whole pie!
3	Coming here for lunch during the week (especially a Friday) is not a good idea because it gets super packed.  When you do get a seat it also feels like you are crammed like sardines.  However, the pizza is decent but a bit overpriced for what you get at 14 dollars on average.  It is very oily so if you are a bit of a health freak then i would recommend you dab your pizza with your napkin first before eating it.
3	Went in there because of the excellent review status from Yelp. However its very basic pizza quality despite the 75 different pizza options. The middle of the pie was rather mushy. The place has a great ambiance and very family oriented despite being smack dab in the middle of Downtown Montreal.  The service is good, the food good and the restaurant is nice and clean. Just not a mind-blowing pizza experience found at Santa Lucia or Pizza Napolitan. But suitable for a lunch break from work. I just wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
4	I've eaten here twice so far in my time in Montreal. It's definitely a friends and family pizza place where you can order just about any variety or kind of pizza. It's usually quite crowded so that means it must be good. My folks and I usually wind up having long discussions over what toppings to get! It's a nice place for family and the pizza goes down well with a bottle of wine :) The crust is thin, the cheese isn't plastic and it has an authentic flair to it.
1	Worst pizza.  Not only is there an abundance of selections where you wind up not even knowing where to begin to choose from, their pizza gave me the runs.  Not pleasant.  Not pleasant at all.The pizza itself was just alright anyways.  The best thing is probably that the place is big and can accommodate large groups.  The price is about less than $15 per person so your average fair on lunch.
3	Had a pizza and salad in in 2 separate visits.  The food was good.  Value was fair given it is a tourist area.  Indoor-outdoor seating.  The staff over all was nice but the first time we we were they they would not serve just a beer even though we were going to came back later for dinner.  Said that was the law but not so sure about that.  Still wound up going for dinner and the pizza was pretty good.  Next night got the salad.  It was pretty good also.  I give high marks for fast carry out.
4	I've been hearing great things about this restaurant for many years now. I finally gave it a try and I wasn't disappointed. The pizza was pretty darn good.
4	I read the reviews, went and sure enough it was very good. The place was crowded at lunch time, but I didn't have to wait long for a table for one. I had a hard time choosing. I wish they had 5 specials to chose from. This kind of generic italian pizza menu kills me. I had #23, which was excellent. Nice crust, tasty sauce, just a little spicy. I'm sure they're all good. I think I'll read the menu on line before I go next time. The waiters could have been a bit more attentive, refilled my water glass, offered me condiments. And the place was really loud. Wow. But I'll be back to try some of the other pizzas.
4	I know this is quite a common thing to say but: I love pizza. So much so that If I to build a bunker for the impending Oops-We-Ran-Out-Of-Space-Mayan-Calendar-Apocalypse it would definitely have a pizza oven in it. Maybe two.So how does Il Focolaio fare against its competitors in Montreal? I'd have to say it more than holds its own. It's hard to say it's the very best because I haven't tried them all, but it is definitely in the top 3.What I like about the pizza they serve is that it's not pretentious. It's not overpriced. It's a good pie with a good amount of food to stuff in your mouth. It's fresh. The dough is not too thick, not too thin and it's not mushy. These are important points some of the "famous" pizza joints fail on to some degree. Here you'll get your money's worth and I appreciate it when a restaurant doesn't pretend to be what it's not.Variety is the spice of life and in this case, they brought the whole rack to their menu. If you don't find at least 3 different pizzas I would be surprised. As a vegetarian I found plenty of delicious looking options but I finally settled on La Bomba. Partly because of the name but mostly because of the chilli peppers. (It wasn't spicy enough anyway but you can never forget chilli oil on your pizza!)Service was adequate. The place was jam packed and we never felt like anything was missing or not on time.Ambiance is just like the pie and the front of their restaurant: it is what it is. Simple, honest, friendly, warm. There were lots of families eating with their kids. I like that. At some high-end pizza places I always feel like some of the spirit of grubbing out is lost amongst the sea of jackets, hugo boss shoes and pizzas with 2 little pieces of cheese on it for $20. Not here. Just come with a good appetite and enjoy some really good pizza.Vegetarian food: 4.5 out of 5Service: 4.5 out of 5Value: 4.25 out of 5
3	Good, not great, pizza. Excellent service. Lots of pizza choices. One is enough for two people if you are heading out to dinner later in the evening. Guys with big appetites, you will definitely want one to yourself. Probably 3 pizzas for four people is the best way to go.
3	We hit up Il Focolaio for the 1st stop on our downtown pizza crawl.The Margherita pizza's crust was thin but retained a certain level of chewiness while the sauce was very scarce so we couldn't really taste it.  The basil flavour was absent and we encountered a few salty pockets here and there.The Polpetta Di Mamma Angelina pizza had the same crust with good sauce coverage this time.  The sweetness of the red pepper comes through but we wished there were more meatballs.Overall, Il Focolaio is an OK place for your weekday lunches, but we wouldn't recommend it for a night out on the town.
5	Man, I just love the crust of their pizzas!  If I could just eat their crust with a nice glass of wine...it would be alright by me.  ;)  But, I would love to recommend this place to anybody that loves good food that isn't overly done with spices like some pizza joints I have gone to in the U.S.  The food here is more about the natural flavors of every ingredient you may order on your pizza.Note:  Please don't come to this place expecting the flavor of a New York or Chicago style pizzas.  They're awesome pizzas...but, this place is more of suttle flavors that need to be complimented with a bottle of wine or beer.
5	Very good pizza and great choices.  Reasonable prices.  Italian salad was very good also.
4	Had the chicken pesto pizza and it has got to be one of the best in-restaurants I've ever had. The pizza was packed with ingredients. It is a bit pricey for a pizza but since it's so filling, you can probably split it with a friend if you're not trying to keep some for a midnight snack to go with that Netflix movie ;)Oh, and did I mention friendly staff? Tight in spacing and the place is almost always packed.
4	We went there for lunch. The terrace was pretty packed but we managed to get a table immediately. I had the worst seat of all: right next to the entrance. The terrace was also quite loud, but not intolerable.  Il Focolaio has a large variety of pizzas. Also, the fuss about this place is the crust, which is oven-cooked. I chose the St-Denis: sausages, capicollo, mushrooms, mozzarella and I replaced the green bell peppers with onions. I don't think I ever got my food in a restaurant so quickly. I think we waited for about 15 minutes and yet the place was full. That was impressive. The pizza was a reasonable size (more or less 12 inches). The crust was really good. When you go, ask for the pepper and the spicy oil. It really adds a little something to your pizza. Otherwise, my pizza tasted a little bland.  The prices are reasonable. They go from $11 to $15. Conclusion: If you want a good pizza that isn't worth $1 per slice, this is a good option. But I wouldn't say this is THE best pizzeria in Montreal.
4	Always a favorite and consistent. Easy with friends and kids. It gets very busy at lunch but good turnover so be patient if you need to wait.  Service can be spotty.
5	Great pizza place. Easily the best one I know downtown. The selection is humongous and a little overwhelming. But just pick one and you shouldn't be disappointed. The service could be just a little friendlier, but every time I go it's lunch time and they looked stressed trying to keep up with the crowd.
4	I've eaten here dozens of times. The pizza is always good, and the service is pleasant and fast; the restaurant also has a patio open in the summertime. Montreal isn't renowned for its pizza---you won't find anything here that will rival Lombardi's in NYC, but Il Focolaio's pizza is fresh and the crust comes crisp and nicely charred. The meatball pizza is excellent, as is the pepperoni mushroom (not a combo I usually go for, but it's so good here). They don't overdo it on the toppings, which I like. In addition, their salads are simple, tasty and fresh (and big enough to share). The restaurant also delivers, and the pizza always arrives piping hot (sometimes, the delivery guy is an adorable, charming old man on a scooter. Total bonus).
4	Location: Square Phillips, not far from The BayPizza: Amazing! Wood oven, thin crust, and about 30 different varieties to choose from. You seriously can't go wrong no matter which option you choose at this place. They only have one size (small) so if you go in with half an appetite then you're definitely taking half your pizza home with you. Their version of 'small' is actually pretty big - for me, anyway. Space: Pretty cramped and you'll almost definitely have your neighbors inspecting your order, and in some cases, strike up random conversations with you. If you're feeling antisocial, you might want to go elsewhere. Service: Leaves to be desired. Every time I go, I end up in the same section, with the same waiter who always looks like someone just killed his dog. The staff is not overly friendly and service is very, very slow. You can easily wait 30+ minutes to get your order so keep that in mind if you're in a hurry. True, I always go at lunch when it's packed, but in my opinion, they should staff the place accordingly to speed things up. It's a popular place so they know lunch packs it in. They have a small terrace out front but you better get there early if you want to sit outside.
4	Excellent pizza. We are from Toronto and went here based on reviews. Great toppings. We liked the "carre Phillips " pizza.
5	Amazing pizza. The best I've had in a while. Haven't had pizza like this since my NY days. Will be back for sure.
5	#74 is one of the best pizza's I've had in Montreal. Truffles mixed with anchovies (for salt - you don't taste fish) garlic, parsley, wine & corn oil. Cherry tomatoes, oregano, basil, olive oil, mozzarella and goat cheese. Top it with some spicy oil and you're in heaven.  The cannoli is nothing special. Lacks depth.  Top 5 pizza places in the city.
4	Some of the best food we had in Montreal, and we tried a whole slew of places for our week visiting the town. Everyone loved their pizzas. The volcano calzones were outrageous, both in flavor and size. The only reason I can't give it five stars is that the crust was a bit too thin in the middle for my taste. I had to eat portions of the pizza with a fork; it's personal preference, but I like my crust to be crispy/thick enough to support the ingredients on top of it.
4	Great pizza. Loved it. 70 choices. I'm a Montrealer. Can't believe I never heard of this amazing place. Will definitely be going back .On the down side. the dessert was not great   .canolis I believe. Salad was meh2 cans of pepsi were nearly 5 bucks.
5	This is one of my favourite pizza places. The pizza is masterfully cooked in a wood burning oven. The wine selection is very reasonable. The outdoor terrace in the summer adds that lovely Montreal quality I am sure all restaurant owners dream to have. Oh and the service is wonderful!  I believe this place is a Montreal staple. The ambience of the restaurant is a mix of Montreal and Italy and all the customers in the restaurant tend to have smiles on their faces!
5	One of the best pizzas I've ever had!  Nice thin crust, crispy outside with perfect char, soft inside, and fresh ingredients. I had sauce, spicy pancetta, green peppers, mozzarella, and kalamata olives on mine and it was delicious! My wife and I sat outside on the terrace overlooking the square and it was a perfect ambiance.
4	Am staying at a hotel right next door and read great reviews about this place so decided to give them a call and place an order for pick up to take back to the hotel and get some work done. Based on the reviews I went with the Tartufo (number 74): mozzarella, goat cheese, black truffles (mixed with anchovies, olives, garlic, parsley, wine, corn oil), cherry tomatoes (with fresh garlic, oregano, basil and olive oil). This was $14.75 plus tax. They were very pleasant on the phone (even when I attempted to order in French,  he gently asked if I would prefer to order in English...gosh I guess it has been a while since I used my French!). He said it would be ready in 5 to 10 minutes which was surprising but it was only 5pm on a Sunday so perhaps not their busiest time. The pizza itself had a very nice flavour. It is a thin crust pizza and like some thin crusts, I found it just a touch on the oily side in the middle. I was able to eat the whole thing (not the crusts which were slightly black which I know some people like) but depending on your appetite you could split one with 2 people if you had a salad to share too. They are about 10 inch in diameter. All in all a pleasant meal, great location (right off Saint Catherine) and friendly service!
5	There's a pizza they have with shrimp (Gambaretti).  You have to get it.  It's so good that it is making me salivate as I type, and I don't normally feel that strongly about pizza.  We knew there was something about Il Focolaio Pizza Resto when we drove by and saw that it was one of 5-6 restaurants in the area that were absolutely packed full of people.  When we get curious, we simply have to see for ourselves.  I'm so glad for this curiosity because my girls and I were blessed with a most wonderful meal.  Every single table was packed over there, everyone was deep in conversation with someone else from their table and everyone was smiling as they took each additional bite of pizza.  One of the best things - they accept US cash!  Although it seems to me their preference is still Canadian currency.  We saw our server hesitate when we asked him, but they still accepted when we paid the bill.
4	My husband has a tendency to eat pizza in every place we visit. In Montreal, Il Focolaio was the pizza of choice. The patio area was lovely, though quite crowded, with folks enjoying the plentiful sunshine and breeze. We were seated promptly, and the staff was courteous and prompt.The menu is a little intimidating, with 75 different types of pizza to choose from, but there's a code on it that allows you to focus on certains items that may be "meaty," "have lots of veggies," etc. This simplifies what might otherwise be a daunting task.The Quatro Stagioni and Said were ordered, and were very much enjoyed. My one negative comment about the pizza is something I find frequently--the center of the pizza was a little soggy (but I ate the whole thing so apparently it wasn't too bad). I didn't eat any other pizza in Montreal, but I can't imagine it could have been much better.
4	Fine pizzas and LOTS of them to choose from. Super friendly for kids and great, attentive service. Wonderful pizza joint with a nice, crowded patio. Recommend!
5	Amazing food and great service!  The servers were especially gracious and attentive.  We sat on the patio overlooking a city square.  The best, most authentic Italian wood fired pizza that we've had in Montreal. Every bite of the pizza was heavenly.  We highly recommend!
3	I feel that one of the most important factors in an Italian-style pizza is getting the thin crust absolutely right, and this place doesn't quite do that.  There were certain parts of the pizza where it felt a bit too thick.  The pizza toppings themselves were quite good though and the service was reasonable (we went during crowded lunch hour).   Also, the menu is unnecessarily intimidating, with over 70 pizza choices (and yet, no prosciutto and arugula).  Could have been made simpler with just a few base choices and allowing substitutions.
5	I have been to Montreal at least eight times and have never eaten at this jewel  It is close to Le Phillips Square Hotel.  The food was amazing , the staff was wonderful, and the atmosphere was relaxed.I was getting homesick for good Italian food so I stopped in for dinner.  Love, Love, Love this place.  I no longer felt homesick.  There are so many different types of pizzas to choose from. The food is prepared fresh and smells delicious.  I ordered a spinach and artichoke calzone.  Sooooo good, I'm going back tonight.
5	First pizza in Montreal, well recommended and no kidding good pizza with many many choices for topping combos, we even did dessert and everyone (8 people) was happy sharing.  The salad was huge, the sizes for pie are two people size, excellent  crust. Came to table very fast
4	The three of us went there on a Friday night at 7:00.  It was pretty crowded but we got a seat right away.  The tables are very close together and it is noisy and hot.  We ordered two pizzas and a Caesar salad and it was enough for three gals.  There were flies and at least one bee buzzing around due to the open window.  The bathroom was sketchy but service was good as was the food.  Prices are reasonable.
5	We're both from New York so we're probably going to be some of the toughest critics for pizza but my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our mushroom and prosciutto pizzas. Friendly service and we got to watch the world cup match to boot. This place will make you forget you're having lots of carbs!
4	Loved it.Ambience: Trattoria style dining with seating inside and on the street. Very busy and somewhat noisy but when any place is that packed what can you expect?Service: Very friendly and helpful - even more so when you consider how busy it was. Wait staff were just as happy to speak French or English and were not in the least judgmental about their customer's language of choice (which is fairly rare in Montreal).Food: Wonderful Neapolitan style pizza. Very "Italian" but seemed to have made something of a convert in a born-and-raised New Yorker in our group. Fresh ingredients and pretty much if you can conceive of it, you can have it.Price: Pretty much about right.I may go back before I leave here...
5	I remember walking past by this place once during lunch time and saw this place jam packed. That obviously stirred up my curiosity and I eventually found out the name of this place through Google Maps (Thank you street view)! I had a hard time deciding where to sit because the view of Phillips Square is actually pretty darn sweet during the time of sunset. I ended up sitting by the window near the patio. I ordered a Pizza Pazza and my friend got a prosciutto pizza of some sort. We had a pretty good time devouring those pizzas. One thing to note was that our waiter was super nice. He came over to warn me that the ink on the menu (printed on newsprint) might smudge off and get onto our clothes (I was wearing white). That was the sweetest thing ever.
5	Excellent, authentic and SO delicious! And vegetarian friendly too! The ambience is awesome, its a great place sit outside on the patio. Although the place is really crowded, the service is excellent. The food arrives in time, and the waiters are really really friendly and accommodating. Try the veggie pizza with the peppers on it, that was our personal fav, we ended up ordering another one. If you're in the mood for real authentic pizza, the type that doesn't make you feel bad when you're done, go for it!
4	Most everyone loves great pizza but can't always agree what that is.  Il Focolaio meets most of my basic pizza must haves.Crust that leans to the thin side but retains some thickness and texture.Quality ingredients and a balance of sauce. Over 50 choices from anchovies to escargot Crisp, fresh and lightly dressed salads large enough for two as an accompanimentQuickly cooked in a wood fired oven. A wine list that is fairly priced by the glass or bottleIn addition Il Focolaio has waiters that know what they are doing and are eager to accommodate their customers.It can get a little to noisy inside but when everyone is talking about the great food - that's to be expected.
5	Marguerita and Italiano salad brought to the table already split for us! Delish and waiter was very friendly. Had to sit inside due to rain but sat at a table at edge of the inside patio. No wait to be seated and super quick service.
5	VERY impressed!  Our first night in Montreal, we decided to stick with something we knew (and not really being fans of French food) and came here, which was right in Phillips Square, and about 3 doors down from our hotel.  It had been raining, so it wasn't very crowded, but this place gets extremely crowded.We all four ordered our own pizzas.  They had a menu in English, which we had to ask for, but thankfully had the translations for all of the items.  I had an excellent beer on tap, very cold, excellent!The pizzas were fantastic.  All four of us had different pizzas.  Since I can't find the english menu online, I'll just say I had a pepperoni and mushroom which I found to be fantastic.  My wife had a pesto pizza, which she said was perfectly prepared.  The kids had standard cheese pizza and pepperoni pizza.   All of it was very very good.  The kids had Tartufo, which they never had had.  This was a store bought Tartufo, but excellent nonetheless.I have to say we were pleasantly impressed and satisfied at the end of our meal.  Service was extremely friendly, eager to please, and rapid.
4	Had a great experience ordering delivery from here. My boyfriend and I ordered 2 pizzas with an estimated delivery time of 45 min, but ended up only taking around 25 on a Saturday night which was great. The pizza was delicious as well. There are so many different options, it's hard to make a choice!
5	Wonderful! Seat by the window, delicious pizza, wonderful service. We'll definitely return on our next trip to Montreal. Pizza #71 was heaven, and my boyfriend said the same about #40. Lovely view off of Phillips Square.
4	This was my second visit here in the last three weeks. The first time I was drawn by the Yelp reviews and the second time I was hoping to have a repeat experience of my first visit. There are no less than 75 pizzas to choose from which could be overwhelming but the legend in the top left corner of their menu make it easy to group and narrow your choices - veg, seafood, meat and tofu pizzas are all labelled. Last time I had the pizza primavera which was excellent and this time I tried the smoked salmon with capers. I loved the primavera pizza that first time and I liked the smoked salmon this time. Needless to say on my third visit I'll have the primavera again. Although the salmon pizza was pretty good, the primavera was an absolute delight. Fresh, large (but not too large) chunks of broccoli, olives, mushrooms on a perfectly thin crust pizza, that's not so thin that you can't hold the pizza in one hand and eat it without folding it over in two. Last time I sat inside, service was incredibly fast and I had a nice Argentinian Malbec that I barely sipped before my pizza arrived. This time I sat on the patio. It was about equally busy as the last time (which is pretty busy) but service was slower. I didn't really mind as it gave me a chance to enjoy my 1/2 pitcher of sangria while people watching in the bustling St Philips Square area. I will be returning  again.
4	The pizza here is really good. There are 75 different pizzas to choose from. I got a Hawaiian pizza. They are cooked in a wood burning oven and didn't take long to make. The service was really good, and it's in a good location downtown.
4	My wife and I came to this restaurant on a Friday night. The weather was beautiful so we decided to sit outside. The outside area was a little crowded. You can tell they try to fit as many tables and people in their patio as they can but it didn't bother us at all.  They also have an English menu which what was good, since we don't know any French. This restaurant has a huge selection of different pizzas. They also have a huge selection of toppings. It can be a little overwhelming when deciding what to order. It took us a while to decide what we wanted. So we finally decided and we ordered our pizza. We sat and talk for a while and enjoyed the nice weather. The pizza arrived pretty quickly and it was great. The crust was perfect. We had so many toppings on our pizza that we had to eat it with a fork and knife. I would've gave this restaurant 5 stars, but it only gets 4 because the service could have been better. I had to flag the waiter down on numerous occasion just to get more water. With that said, I definitely would go back to this place the next time i'm in Montreal.
4	Ordered #68 for delivery to my hotel and they made it here quicker than expected. The pizza was great! Fresh ingredients, still hot out of the oven, and hit the spot! I recommend this place when you get a pizza craving.
5	I'm always in the mood for pizza so when my sister asked me if I wanted to come meet her and a co-worker for lunch, I said sure. It was a scorching hot day and I have to admit pizza was a little heavy for that type of weather but that did not stop me from indulging in a now, new favorite spot.I already knew parking would be difficult but I was lucky enough to find a choice spot that was seconds away from the front door, which made me very happy:) I met my sister and her friend  on the  terrasse, it was packed and there was nice canopy on top of it to shade you from the sun which was certainly needed..I quickly browsed a long list of pizza choices but I wasn't in an adventurous mood and ordered a tried and true favorite, a Margherita pizza.We sipped our iced teas and enjoyed the beautiful day and scenery. There was a row of Bixi bikes across the street and a guy hopped on a bike (parked in the row) and started frantically pedaling. Guess he was getting some exercise in because he stayed on it for awhile:)It is a lively place and there was soon a lineup of people waiting for a table outside so it was good that we got there before the rush.Our pizzas soon arrived and they looked very cheesy and smelled amazing. My first bite sealed the deal, mmmm,  delicious!  Thin, crispy crust, very very cheesy with fresh  tomatoes and basil. I had 2 pieces and brought the rest home to enjoy for supper but that was not to be because I devoured them like a piggy, on my drive home! That's always a great sign:)In a nutshell, a clean, casual place with with pizza that satisfied my craving perfectly, a new favorite!
5	I've passed by here nearly every day for the past two years, but never thought to go because it looks so unassuming from the outside. The other day for my birthday I really wanted to go to a pizzeria, and my boyfriend found this place online. It had great reviews, so we decided to give it a shot. Oh. My. Goodness. Both of us agreed that it is our favourite restaurant in Montreal, and it's right across the street from our place! There's so many different types of pizza, it's amazing. We both loved that they are personal sized, because since I'm vegetarian and he isn't it can be tricky to order one together. The portions were big enough that I boxed up the rest and had it for lunch the next day. The staff were super friendly, and the atmosphere was very welcoming. It's a cozy little space that's a little dated, but I loved it. The food came very quickly, and it was amazing. I asked for extra cheese, but I didn't need to because they put on enough. Best pizza I've had in a long time. Definitely going to be a regular spot for us.
2	After reading so many great reviews about this place I was pretty excited to try, since I wanted a really good pizza.Well I still want one because mine (and my girlfriend's) weren't that good.the toppings were a bit tasteless so even if the crust was great, that's clearly not enough to make a good pizza.Girlfriend had a pretty bad stomach ache this night and next day, so I can't tell if it's from that or something else but overall well.. The pizza was not what I expected.Dessert plate was sad and empty too. But cakes ok overall.Quick service
4	We had just arrived in Montreal and needed somewhere to eat to get out of the cold and rain.  We lucked into this place, which at the time was pretty empty. We were greeted by a friendly server who promptly took our order.  We got two pizzas which were more than enough for two.  One had peppers and onions and the other had sausage, artichokes and peppers.  Both were very delicious.  We walked by this place a few times later on and it was always packed.  I'd describe this place as no-frills decor + excellent pizza  with fresh ingredients.
5	5 stars for the pizzas! They were delicious and cooked in a traditional oven. The portions were very generous and the service was quick and adequate for the place. I would recommend for anyone who is downtown and needs a quick pizza fix (but not too quick). There were 75 pizzas to choose from so I will certainly be back to try some more.
3	I ordered take out from here and I wasn't impressed. My gf likes this place and recommended we order from here, so we did. We picked up the pizzas and my first impression was that they looked small. They indeed were a little too small for the $15/each that we paid. The pizzas were alright but nothing special at all. I had bigger and better pizzas elsewhere. My gf said that when you eat at the restaurant,  the pizzas seem bigger which I found strange. She's eaten there before and said that they definitely were bigger and better at the restaurant. I guess if you're thinking of trying this pizza, it would be best to eat at the restaurant vs take-out.
