4	This business recently changed names from Sola Coffee Bar to Cartel Coffee Lab. I loved it before, so now with the expanded hours and menu, I expect it will be just as good or better!Before changing names, I heard Sola already brewed with Cartel's beans, so today when I tried the coffee, I wasn't surprised that it tasted about the same: not overly strong, but delicious.
5	After lunch at Ciao and still with my Herb Box pastries in hand I spent the afternoon wandering Old Town Scottsdale when the sudden urge for caffeine hit me.  Knowing there was a Starbucks nearby but wanting something a bit more novel I pulled up the Yelp locator and noted a familiar name from my research on the city; Cartel Coffee Lab, apparently a new location filling the space of a now defunct store that used to serve their beans.  Having heard good things about their sourcing, roasting, and brewing I made my way into the small store to find a number of folks lounging, surfing the web, and enjoying their coffee and on making my way to the counter I was met by not only a prompt and friendly barista, but also a knowledgeable one who asked what I liked in a coffee (full, thick, cocoa, low acid for those curious) and he spot-on recommended the Ethiopian Dark Roast at $3/8oz or $16.99/lb.Taking his suggestion while discussing the other six varieties available I was quoted prices, terroir, and tasting notes as he prepared my single drip and with options ranging from $12.99 for 12oz to $29.99 for 12oz I was told that all were available by the cup if I wanted to taste - a mental note well engrained for my next trip to the area.  With coffee prepared and limited options for sweetener (muscovado sugar or Agave nectar only) I opted to drink it black and sipping the brew the flavor was spot on to what I appreciate - velvety, cocoa tinged, and a bit of cherry and almond.  An important aspect of any city I'm considering as my next home it is good to know that Phoenix/Scottsdale has a place like this - very important.
5	Incredibly competent staff are making superb espressos using a deceptively small La Marzocco machine that produces a lip-smacking, thick-crema quality cup for us espresso addicts.   No more jonesing if you go:  So GO already !
5	Il caffe' e' uno dei migliori che ho assaggiato negli stati uniti...their espresso is one of the best I have tried in the States !
5	Jason Silberschlag pulls off a pretty amazing thing here in the metro-PHX area.  Three shops with their own quirky details, passion and identity.  Each tailors specifically to the demographic at hand, which I can totally get behind.  The fact that each shop has its own deal going on is awesome - I really dislike chains and the chain feel/look.  I hadn't seen Jason in a while at the other shops, the times I'd frequented, and was happy to see him behind the bar when I came here for the first time.Just the same way the other Cartel shops have a selection of brewing methods, this one does as well.  Pour-over, aeropress, Chemex and traditional espresso (La Marz GS/3).As expected from him, our drinks were flawless.  He transfers this knowledge and passion to the baristas, which is obvious even when one leaves his establishment to go somewhere else - they stand out in the crowd of many coffee-pullers.  The beans, who can complain?  Jason made his name with the roasting.I got a prepared sandwich here, and my was it tasty.  Bread was fresh.  Sauce, ingredients and overall creation was good.  Big Ben: you stole my tastebuds' heart that morning.Casual lounge area (see: couches), outdoor covered seating (see: hallway - shaded and cool!) and plenty of seating inside.  As normal, his handiwork shines throughout the shop.  Somehow I've never reviewed a Cartel shop before, despite my years of patronage.  My latest experience changes that.
5	happy hour lattes are the gift that keep on giving. and the gifts of love, joy, peace, warmth and happiness and energy...and? idk i'm exaggerating. i've never had a more delicious latte and i'm finding that it's making me a bit high maintenance. i'm the most unsnobby coffee person but maybe i will be one now? the rest of the weekend, evertime i'd get any form of coffee, i'd be like 'it definitely doesn't compare to what i had at cartel'. which is why i am going to hold off on my review of echo because i am currently insanely biased and unable to give them a fair shot compared to cartel who is this coffee snob? jk, i'll still go to town on a folgers anyday.
5	Went here today for the first time and boy did this place deliver. This place has a nice vibe when you walk in. They have cool art on the walls nice furniture and they even take your order and have you pay on an I-pad. But the best thing is the COFFEE. I had a Agave with soy (I think that's what it's called) it came with 3 shots of espresso and was Super delicioso! I will be back Screw Starbucks the Cartels moving in on their turf.
5	Cartel Coffee Lab has the three C's...coffee, cocktails (well beer but that doesn't start with a c) and cuisine. So with the three C's, I say, welcome to Scottsdale Cartel! Although I frequented this location's former coffee shop many times during its existence, I had yet to visit the new Cartel Coffee Lab when it opened...until today. I realize what I've been missing and I won't make that mistake again. The location was cool before, but now with the Cartel touch, it's even cooler. The coffee is the delicious Cartel coffee blend and the vibe is eclectic and coffee shop'esque. But here's a nice twist courtesy of Cartel's elves. Besides basic baked goods, they also serve a simple breakfast and lunch menu. The breakfast menu includes items such as breakfast sandwiches and oatmeal. The lunch menu includes items such as a turkey sandwich with a delicious pesto sauce, a ham sandwich and salads like tuna salad. It's a small menu but it's good. Plus you get chips, a salad or fruit with your lunch sandwich. Add a non-fat vanilla latte and you've got yourself a delicious lunch, or at least I did! Seating is slightly limited but you should be able to find a seat on a basic work day. Plus, the vibe is comfortable and perfect to sit and work (as long as you're ok with community tables).
3	Look - 3 stars is A-OK. And that's how their coffee tasted - A-OK. Hard time to rate them though - New Year's Day, leaving town, they didn't get their pastry shipment, so there was very little to choose from and very little atmosphere cuz no one was up yet. But the bottom line is that the cappuccino didn't blow me away - it was fine.I'd give it another shot next time I'm in town.
4	I swung by Cartel to grab a coffee on my lunch break a few days ago, and was impressed with the operation. It is just like how I'd imagine a coffee shop, with the vibe, kind of akward build, and character that so many coffee shops lack these days (ahem cough cough Starbuckscough!). It felt strange to be in because I am so use to the "other guys" set-up that I've been going to for years, but I liked it...it left me wanting other experiences there. The latte I had was pretty good, hand made with care and time invested, instead of just thrown together quickly by a barista in a green apron. The 2 guys behind the counter were nice, one welcoming me back for a future visit. I thought it was cool they have a side-bar where they serve a couple different micro-brews and wine, something at least I've never seen in a coffee shop. Just an interesting place all together. I wish I could've spent some more time there but I enjoyed my brief visit. As of now, they have a new customer! The coffee, unique experience, and service equals a 4.5, obviously have to down grade to a 4. Oh and a side note...their cash register is an ipad, which is something you don't see everyday.
1	This is the closest to a New York hipster style coffee shop I've seen in Arizona.  They serve beer too.  Problem is that the espresso was unbelievably bitter.  Cookie happy hour is pretty cool though.
5	I don't give 5 stars often but for those of you who see my Check-in's via Yelp, you know this place is my coffee go-to! 5 reasons YOU should get your coffee on at Cartel:1- Its local. Support your local business and PAHLEASE stop drinking corporate crap.2- They take their coffee seriously. Have you seen the way they cold drip coffee? or how they delicately stir lattes? Yeah, get to it.3- The vibe. LOVE the artsy interior and the fact they promote local artists by displaying their work through out the shop.4- They have two central locations for your coffee addiction convenience. One in Tempe on University and Ash. The other on 5th avenue in Scottsdale. 5- They both offer delicious pastries and the Scottsdale location has breakfast and lunch options and just recently expanded their counter space to offer scrumptious beers.It certainly doesn't hurt that the staff knows their stuff about coffee and that their service is courteous and real. If you don't enjoy your espresso here, you're only hurting yourself.I love you Cartel!
4	I was delighted with the menu items. I've enjoyed the toddies at the Downtown and Tempe locations, and this one has more space and less of a crowd than Tempe. Interior-wise, it feels a bit more grown-up than the other 2 locations I've been to. I like them all, just remember to try the food here - the ham sandwich I'd particularly recommend.
4	Smooth, Rich, Perfect.....THAT is Cartel Coffee......why get coffee that's manufactured for the masses with mythological mermaids when you could be supporting your local Cartel? wait...that sounds a little weird, but, I think you get it....Yeah, the coffee is good (maybe I would like it a touch stronger...), I didn't get any pastries (well, there were none I could try, hence the docking of one star, i.e. vegan or dairy-free), so I can't really comment on those.....But, I will definitly be stopping in here more often, especially as my hairstylist is right around the corner (go see Emily at Revolover, she's the BEST) We actually were strolling around Old Town when the intoxicating aroma of coffee just sucked us in......mmmmmm.....it was a perfect late afternoon pick-me-up!It's really cool inside...there are a lot of lounge style couches everywhere (in fact, my mother-in-law felt so at ease, she plopped herself on one of them and took a 10 minute power nap while we sipped our coffee, lol) Would love to come back and get a drink at the bar (best of both beverage worlds here! chose your poison, alcohol or caffeine) and would also like to give their brunch special a go......stay tuned, perhaps I'll be giving that extra star soon!
4	02/07/12As V. mentioned in her review, we decided to take a rather nice walk from Tommy V's after having happy hour there to have a cuppa here.  Last time I visited this spot, it was called Solo.  While the skeleton of the cafe hasn't changed, I do like Cartel's version a tad bit more than the previous one.  I think the half-off pastries during happy hour had something to do with this...  :)  A shout-out to James and Ryan for being so nice and such sports for answering my questions.  Thanks for the awesome cup of cappuccino, no sugar, btw.  Loved the coffee art!  I'm definitely a fan.I had such a nice first visit on the 7th that I returned here last night (Feb. 15th) to do a bit of work on my speech.  Two and a half hours flew by, and I most certainly would've hung out longer had I not received a call to pick someone up from work!  One thing I didn't enjoy so much, though, were the heavy, space-consuming metal "nesting" round tables I chose to set my laptop on.  I guess it wouldn't have been such a hindrance if I was doing anything else BUT typing away on my laptop, but I really didn't have a choice.  At least my tushy enjoyed the comfy cushions.  Guess everything balanced out. :)Next time, I'll have to go for another cappuccino!p.s.  A huge thanks to The Cure fan who decided to play a long playlist!  I had a lot of fun last night!
4	I am a huge fan of local coffee shops with free wifi. I am also a huge fan of iced lattes. I know, how trendy of me, don't judge, I have some weird phobia about drinking hot lattes...I can't explain it...getting off track...anyway! Cartel!I really like getting my work done here. This is a short walk away from J's place so whenever I'm in town and need to get work done, I head here.I like the decor, I like the music they play (I don't even need to tune out with my headphones and spotify like I normally do when at coffee shops), and the coffee is pretty good. The ambience is chill and very oddly conducive to me getting things done. The staff here is really nice and friendly too.Note: They also always have tempting pastries that one day I am sure I will break down and try. I'm nearly positive they'll be delicious.Like the 4 stars say...Yay! I'm a fan!
4	Gotta love the vibe at Cartel. Before I even get to the coffee, the place itself deserves recognition. Local art, some for sale, covers the walls and is always changing. The music is always spot on, the couches are comfy, and when you leave your clothes smell like a nice dark roast for the rest of the day (I suppose some may not like this but I rather enjoy it). As for the coffee, prepare to get your buzz on. I always get a hell of a pick me up from my go to Cartel Americano. Exceptional flavor, fresh, and just as good iced as it is hot, they rarely disappoint. My only complaint is the cost, but considering their support of local art and business, I can deal with the additional charge.
5	What can I say? This is just an awesome place. It's pretty rare to find a good coffee shop in Scottsdale, but Cartel goes above and beyond. Extremely knowledgable baristas, high quality coffee, excellent atmosphere, great location... the list goes on.I used to head to the Tempe location whenever I wanted a serious cappuccino, but now I can get that at the Scottsdale location without wading through a sea of argyle-sweatered, wayfarer-ladened, vegan hipsters.Thanks Nate, Skyler, James, Kris and Sparky for making this an awesome office-away-from-office for me.P.S. - Nursing student w/ the earplugs who enjoys a nice cab with her Saturday night study sessions.... where did you go?
5	This place is fantastic - great coffee, beer, good music and space to do work if you need it.  The people who work here are extremely nice and attentive, and they all have a good sense of humor.
4	Great location and wonderful coffee! !  The atmosphere was also relaxed and a good place to hang out with friends or get some work done.  Enjoy it!!
5	This place is awesome. Everything from the ambiance and the coffee to the ipad credit card signing app makes you feel good about being here. They have an ice-coffee item not on the menu that's already cold coffee, i like to get that. I think its called a totty. Ask for it! Also, the cookies and muffins are great too, definitely not a disappointment.
4	I'm always looking for local coffee shops when I'm traveling, so it was nice to stumble (er yelp) upon Cartel when I was in Scottsdale a couple weeks ago. I needed a coffee shop to work out of and ended up staying all day. Good wifi, great coffee, surprisingly delicious lunch, and crazy friendly staff. Definitely better than spending my day working out of Starbucks.
4	Now that's a tasty latte!  I really liked the coffee joint that used to be in this space, but Cartel has taken serving awesome coffee to a whole 'nutha level by serving up fresh, delicious food, beer and wine!  Since my man doesn't like coffee, I have to have something like beer to lure him into a coffee shop.  Thank you Cartel for keeping relationships together!!  We will be back!
5	Coffee, music, and buur...I dig this joint!  It's like walking into a brew house with some random people hanging out.  Live music and freshly made coffee.  I have to say one of the best coffees I had in a long time.  I'm no coffee snob by any means, but shazam! This coffee hit the spot and punched me in the face "in a good way -- if there's such a thing as getting punched in the face, but enjoying it....", and woke my senses up! What else is cool and I dig about Cartel is you can order alcoholic beverages.  Coffee and Beer -- Aside from water, my two most sought after and preferred drinks!  Cartel is like my kryptonite - I must succumb to your bidding....must be strong and ahhhh...more more coffee, more more, pleasssse! - Enjoy!
4	5/3/12V. and I walked over here after a cool happy hour elsewhere, and this time I brought my beautiful cousin with us.  V and I ordered cappuccino (Cartel was out of V's favorite chai), while my cuzzo ordered an 8 oz. latte with honey.  I also spied a chocolate layer cake, and what?  It's half price during happy hour, you don't say?  Well, I'll have a slice then! My cup arrived first, and it was a beauty, so cameras came out.  Soon after, V's and cuzzo's beverages and the cake arrived. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fa1G6WoSdvAO8dzM4FYbUA?select=oNUYZx9Eoo0dUE8Qa_lqkQ#oNUYZx9Eoo0dUE8Qa_lqkQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fa1G6WoSdvAO8dzM4FYbUA?select=4EqJGPxNYxB6-tek3iRPQA#4EqJGPxNYxB6-tek3iRPQA  I offered first bites- V declined and cousin dug in, but only to find that it was "a bit dry."  I concurred, but I figured I could just chase the bites down with sips of my delicious cappuccino.  V enjoyed hers, even though she forgot to have them add sugar.  (No biggie... she was able to add later.)  Cousin could hardly taste the honey in her latte, so she visited the sugar station.  She eventually had to abandon her drink when it became too sweet to finish-- all the honey she couldn't taste apparently had settled on the bottom.I'm thinking this is going to be a tradition of mine when HH'ing in OTS.  :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fa1G6WoSdvAO8dzM4FYbUA?select=WnJrcqqxqDUrVBJ6-70yUQ#WnJrcqqxqDUrVBJ6-70yUQ
5	Coffee, beer, and food.....everything a girl could ask for!  The lattes are very tasty and is perfectly paired with the Big Ben sandwich.  This breakfast sandwich is a whopper with the right amount of chiplote aioli.  There's plenty of seats in this hip little coffee shop.  Whether you're stopping in for some coffee or there to borrow the wifi, this is a great local place!  I will definitely have to stop in for their daily Happy Hour and check out their drink selections.
4	Cool atmosphere but I'm not sure I know what's so "lab" about it.  You will pay for that cup of java!  Their largest size in cold drinks is 16oz and 20z for hot drinks.  More and more independent coffee houses are getting away from any size north of 20oz for some odd reason.  A touristy location in the 5th avenue shopping area.
5	It was already scorching hot here in AZ and I wanted to stop at the Coffee shop for an ice cold drink.  I just got into town and my friend was driving into Scottsdale area.  I looked up the coffee places on Yelp on my phone and luckily found several Coffee shops on 5th Ave.  I'm glad I walked into this place out of many Coffee shops in the neighborhood after having their tasty **cookies(Chocolate/Peanut/Bacon & White Chocolate/ Macadamia) and a delicious **Chai iced latte w/soy milk :P. Their Chai iced latte was one of the best I've ever tried before!!It's a "trendy" coffee shop type of place. When I walked in, there were several people  sit around either working on their laptops or reading books.  I really like their very modern style of mismatched colorful furniture.  I enjoy the chalkboard menus on the wall as well.  It seems like they serve quiet a few selection of beers and foods:)  To my surprise and amazement, they had an alcohol beverage and keep in mind, this is a coffee shop. Most notable Wow, I would never thought this place might sell beer... A place to come and do some work on your laptop sipping coffee and then transition to beers later in the day-sounds awesome!!  Maybe some people might think it doesn't look exactly a beer destination place, but I can see myself having a glass of cold beer on a hot summer night :P.  Definitely, it's a relaxing spot to enjoy a pint, or less in my case.Don't forget., thumbs up for the Chai Latte!
5	I don't drink coffee, my tummy doesn't like it...well I should say it gets VERY angry when I drink even diluted coffee drinks.The interior is trendy urban industrial, and there's a huge fan to keep their covered outside area as cool as possible (still not cool in AZ summer, but I appreciate the obvious effort).I've only had two drinks here: the iced chai latte and the orange blossom beer, both of which went down quick and well.Orange Blossom Beer is locally brewed and has a persistent orange sicle note. Yum!
5	Great vibe great coffee...
5	This place is great!  Great coffee, a nice selection of craft beer on tap and very relaxed atmosphere.  Every time I've gone I've received really good service.  If you're a fan of craft beer or coffee then you NEED to come here!
5	Made a french press with some coffee I picked up at Cartel from Guatemala the other day...AMAZING.
5	I'm a big fan of cartel but the fact that this one is not usually as packed as the other location (in Tempe) makes it even sweeter! I don't do dairy so I'm usually worried when it comes to snazzy drinks but here, they more than meet expectations! I came in with an open mind after biking half the greenbelt last week- pretty much just wanted something cold and tasty- and sort of meekly asked for any suggestions that would fit the "but, yeah, um... no dairy, hahaha...thank you, sorry" (I'm pretty much the awkward penguin meme) criteria, and the barista suggested an iced chai latte with soymilk.And then the fireworks happened. Every person who enjoys chai.... this is by far one of the best I've ever had. It's nice and smooth with just the right amount of that black tea/spice nirvana. Yum!!!Came back today for another one and they remembered me! It's kind of silly, but I was like, yes! That was me thank you! :) I always appreciate when they do that.Oh, just in case anyone was curious- I picked my hetero life mate up a regular one - w/milk (and he is a big ol' coffee snob) and he loved it!
5	What's to say about Cartel?? If you've tried the coffee just once (no cream, no sugar. JUST THE COFFEE. And slurp it!) then you know that it's hands down the best coffee in the valley. Also, it's hipster and crap blah blah.
5	Loved this coffee shop. Very cool interior with tree stump seating. Their cookies are also to die for.. Try the cowgirl! Coffee was yummy too.
4	The coffee is a bit strong but they have good atmosphere, food and happy hour drinks... making this coffee shop particularly cool.
5	By far my favorite coffee shop in all of Arizona! I think I have been to pretty much everyone in the valley.This place has fueled my temptation to quit the 9-5 and do freelance out of a coffee shop all day! Nothing better than a dirty chai and an evening chilling on a chaise lounge chair! I almost lost all faith in Cartel after attending the Tempe location several times and getting bad vibes from the employees every visit. However I am glad I got over my "cartel" fear and checked out the old town location. This place is a 180 deg difference from the tempe location. I was greeted by a helpful, friendly staff that doesn't come off as coffee snobs, because their is nothing worse than a barista with an attitude. Keep up the friendly staff and great atmosphere and I will be a life long patron!Plus they have a small but great selection of craft beers!Prices are on par with all other coffee shops in the area. Wireless internet is free and consistently works well.
5	I got a thing for out of this world coffee and "earthy" chicks with a tattoo here and there; therefore, I love the Cartel Coffee Lab. The baristas are phenomenal as well as the vibe and music. The food is surprisingly fresh, yummy and fair priced. There is also a good selection of draft imports. It's a perfect hideaway from the pretentious neighborhood. Wi Fi has never been a problem. It's a 5 star coffee house in my world.
4	This place is really cool. Good coffee, the staff was nice, and my coffee cake was good. It's super cool that they also have a handful of beers on tap, one of them, Mr. Pineapple, had me drooling- it looked so good.The ambiance is really cool and comfortable and looks like a great place to sit and chill. It would be cool if they had a few more baked goods for morning grab and goes, but there is only so much space.Cartel is yet another great reason to support local coffee, skip the chains- and enjoy.
4	This place is super cool. Loved the tree stump stools, the unfinished tables with hardware and chalk menu board. The staff is very nice and the java is pretty darn good. I went for iced latte but I couldn't resist the the chocolate chip cookie with BACON! Yes...bacon! Why does bacon make everything taste better?! Can't wait to check out their wine selection next!
5	After ten years in San Francisco, I can be a bit of a coffee snob.  There's just something artistic about creating a great cup latte, espresso or coffee.  When done right, it's absolutely a wonderful taste experience.  These guys have figured it out.  More so than any other place I've tried in the Valley.  Went for the first time and ordered a 2% latte...nailed it!  Tons of flavor but very smooth at the same time.The place is well done but; just like it's predecessor, it's the not the most comfortable place.  I wouldn't recommend for extended hours of work.
3	A great place to meet with friends and have some coffee or beer. My major complaint is the that there are so many people with lap tops that are kind of hogging the seats. Which makes it awkward to ask them to move so your party can sit next to each other.
5	I'm so happy this location exists! I am a die-hard fan of Cartel's black market espresso for my home machine, and it's easy to get my fix here since we find ourselves in old town on a regular basis.We buy 3 bags at a time since they comp our drinks with the purchase. I always get a toddy to go, and I love the simple syrup pump they have out because I can quickly sweeten my drink.  The staff is pretty nice and polite, no attitudes detected here. One server even took the time to explain different techniques to make iced coffee when I asked about some of their equipment.The coffee itself is my absolute favorite. It's smooth while still providing a good caffeine kick. It has comletely ruined us. It's not cheap, but I justify the splurge since my morning cappuccinos are what gets me out of bed in the morning.
5	Having already mentioned Cartel, my second visit to the small shop on 5th would be much longer than my first as I spent nearly two hours reading, listening to Who/Hendrix/Stones/Zeppelin/Floyd, and drinking an excellent Toddy of 50/50 Black Market Espresso and Viota.  Having obviously grown their fan base and selections (now including breakfast/lunch/dinner/pastries) since my first visit nearly one year prior when I came out for my job interview/recruitment I still love Cartel and stand by my original assessment that both the shop and the beans compare favorably to spots in New York, Chicago, Seattle, and San Francisco - I'll have to come back some time to check out the pastries and sandwiches.
4	Cartel is full of coffee geniuses. They really care about their product. I've also been to the one in Tempe, where they took the time to discuss proper brewing technique. They'll give you more than you ever wanted to know: time, temperature, coffee/water ratio, etc. They even gave free samples to help us purchase beans.
4	They are really snooty about coffee. When I wanted four shots of espresso in one cup, they refused and gave me four little cups--each with a saucer! One epresso may be enough for a 140-pound hipster, but not for me. Oh, the epresso is THE best so I have to put up with their crap.
5	I really enjoyed this place! I tried their iced latte which was very yummy. My sister got the iced chai latte which was also good. It reminds me of a hipster coffee shop in Los Angeles, CA called Intelligentsia. I love the fact that they have coffee and beer- pretty cool. I'll definitely be coming back here and introducing the place to my friends.
5	I just love everything they serve....They have great coffee, beer, and wines, also the store's atmosphere!!!Very relaxing and I always can concentrate on my desk work there...!!!This is the place I go even I live in Mesa!!!!
5	I'm not a coffee drinker so when everyone else in our group got coffee, I asked for their tea selection. The staff is super friendly and they recommended the mango black tea for the iced tea. I'm a big tea drinker and I'm somewhat picky so I was happy to see they do it right. I.e. Brew strong upon order, and chill with a large cup of ice. The tea was so good that I asked for what the brand of tea was, and they were super helpful.
5	This place is incredible. They have a very mellow, laid back vibe going on here. The employees are friendly and not pretentious at all (a trait I've noticed throughout old town). Cartel is a great place to hang out or study- music is chill and not too loud. Not to mention the chai is amazing. Seriously, like nothing I've had before. Definitely try it out!
5	I love knowing that anytime I'm in Scottsdale for work that Cartel is just around the corner! And I especially love that I can go there at 8:30 in the morning (peak coffee pick up time for office goers) and not have to wait in a massive line. I'm guessing the surrounding Old Town businesses don't open until 10 or 11am, so I've never had a problem finding parking or getting my cup of joe!The coffee here is quite delicious and they sure do care about the integrity of their beans! I ordered my Americano over ice without water and they insisted on adding a touch of water, explaining that without the water, the hot coffee becomes extremely bitter when it's poured over the ice. Not going to lie, I was a little bothered that they suggested I drink my coffee "their" way, but I'm glad I did. I had an "aha" moment after my first sip, thinking back to my (somewhat bitter) daily iced Americano in Tucson that I can't seem to live without. My coffee here was perfect to say the least.In addition to great coffee the space is pleasant and somewhat eclectic. Seating is somewhat limited but I've never had a problem finding a spot here. I have yet to taste their food. They serve breakfast and lunch. I glanced at the menus and their are offerings are quite limited, but very fitting for a coffee shop. I look forward to coming back and having a bite with my coffee. Did I mention they also serve beer and wine?
5	I love this little place! Delicious coffee (drink and beans.) One of my 3 favorites (Cartel, Stumptown and Lux).The times I have had food here, it's been great too. I have had nothing but great service. My office is moving into this area of town, and I'm very excited I'll be able to walk to Cartel!
5	Great concept, great service, and amazing coffee. Outdoor patio provides a lounge like experience while the inside has a very humble coffee bar ambiance. Great place to relax and enjoy a drink, now offering beer/wine also.
5	This place is pretty amazing - great coffee, great staff, great atmosphere. It reminds me of the coffee houses I used to hang out at in Berkeley and Boulder, complete with chess players, tatted up patrons, and eclectic music. If Scottsdale is getting too snobby for you drop in here for some escape.
5	Delicious mocha! Great place to work a little and relax a little for a bit. Coffee is amazing! They roast there own beans at the Tempe location.
5	I am never in Scottsdale, ever. But this one time, I was on my way to my friends' house in Scottsdale when I was feenin for my espresso and  remembered that one of the coolest dudes I know (Don S.) raved about this place. Dude was right. This spot takes the cake for flavor. Plus the lighing through the windows and the ambiance was on point. I was pleased that they happily made a chocolate milk for the tiny. I can't wait to come back and try some other things off the menu. Perhaps sometime for breakfast!
4	Great coffee shop vibe with super delicious and fresh coffee. They have five different roasts and I got a cup of the fruity blend from El Salvador.  They really know their coffee and can explain all the subtleties of the different varieties.  I have to say that everything from here seemed to be made with an abundance of love.  I loved watching my coffee being made as the woman oh so thoughtfully poured water through the paper filter so that the coffee was nothing less than perfect.   In addition to their great coffee, they also have delicious yogurt and granola with fresh strawberries and honey.  They also have a selection of delicious quiches and scones.
5	Hipsters amaze me. Mostly because I'm the exact opposite of a hipster. Questions that rack my brain:+How do these men get their jeans on? They're so tight! +How long did it take to get that many tattoos? +What kind of hair spray do hipster chicks use?+How do you decide to become a hipster? Is there a school? Or a manual at least?I wonder if they look at me with amazement as well? Probably not, mostly because I'm not a hipster and quite ordinary when compared to a hipster. Visiting the beautiful wood and metal adorned Cartel Coffee Lab is like watching hipsters in the wild... (Insert British voice over and African safari noises) Watch the hipster making coffee in their natural habitat. They are pleasant, but not overtly friendly. You look them up and down. They don't really care what you are wearing. You are fascinated... they just want to know what you want to drink? You cannot decide... the hipster is not openly bothered but most likely is annoyed by your inability to make a decision because you get nervous when hipsters stare at you. You make your decision and the hipster asks you what size. Shit, another decision must be made! Their coffee cups are small as this is not an anti-hipster corporate hangout, aka Starbucks. Wow, you think! Hipsters are so cool they don't even need a super sized venti coffee to feel important. Do you secretly want to become a hipster? No. You have no tattoos and are pretty sure that's the first requirement for being a true hipster. They do a good job with their coffee though so you shall continue to be fascinated by hipster culture from afar. "Hipster" (as defined by Urban Dictionary: Definitions are too mainstream. Hipster's can't be defined because then they'd fit in a category, and thus be too mainstream.Shut the front door!31 Yelps Challenge: #26/31
5	Hands down our favorite place for some quality beans and drinks. Also, our favorite Cartel location. We love this location because of the staff is incredible nice and the vibe all around is completely chill. The hubby enjoys an espresso while I sip on a latte or drip coffee. They also have an amazing chai! I really enjoy taking home a bag of El Limonar beans. Whenever we have these beans at home I become smeagol and cherish my beans. However, I end up brewing cup after cup. From start to finish, the taste and smell is exquisite and I want it all.
5	Best coffee in the Scottsdale area. A bit pricey, and if you're looking for Starbucks-type coffee the way YOU like it, go to Starbucks. These guys won't ice your espresso because it gets bitter, and won't put your espresso in a to go cup. It's unlikely you can order a caramel macchiato or the other weird sugar bombs people seem to like from Starbucks or Coffee Bean Tea Leaf.  But you know what? The drink comes over that counter is REALLY GOOD. Also, great selection of beer! I'm a big fan of a couple beers don't hurt while studying. Glad to know I can go somewhere on the weekend to have a latte while I work, and then a couple beers before I knock off for the evening! It's a little unclear what food they serve, there's always a couple things in the case next to the counter, have never tried any of it. Too busy trying to figure out if I want another cup of coffee or a beer.
4	I especially love the 5th Avenue location in Scottsdale due to it's open windows allowing plenty of natural light in and being less crowded than Tempe. I can't actually recall ever having a bad drink here (not the case with Starbucks). The iced honey latte just enough sugar/cream to make the drink delicious but doesn't overdo it. Plus I had a significant caffeine buzz from one drink for several hours (as a caffeine addict this is also not always the case). My only caveat is I wish they opened an hour earlier so I could stop there before work!
5	Waaaaay better than your average Americano or other espresso drink. I have only been a few times because parking in old town scottsdale can be annoying, but will definitely try to make more of an effort to get more espresso from here!And as a plus there are cute Hipster boys :)
5	Seriously killer hot chai latte.  The blueberry muffin I had to go with it didn't hurt my feelings either.  Several outlets available to plug in your electronic gizmos.    Would definitely make a repeat visit next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Finally, a coffee place you can brag about going to.Cartel is an intelligent coffee shop with trendy decor and knowledgeable baristas. I feel good about being there, like I've chosen wisely for not going to a run-of-the-mill coffee-bucks type establishment. Though I sometimes feel out of my element because I don't know a lot about coffee, I've always been treated with courteous and attentive customer service.By the way, major bonus points for using an iPad to place orders and being able to text or email you the receipt. Why don't more places do that?The Espresso is strong with a solid kick and does the trick. I like how they serve it in a mug instead of a paper cup. The Chai Latte is also phenomenal. As good, if not better than ones I've had elsewhere.  I'm impressed by the various coffee beans and accessories they offer too. I even purchased the Aeropress so I can make coffee like them (and because of the great reviews: http://www.amazon.com/Aerobie-AeroPress-Coffee-Espresso-Maker/dp/B0047BIWSK). *Be sure to buy it from the store, though*Looking forward to trying out their food and BEER selections soon. But, even if they only served coffee, I'd be more than happy.Definitely check out their Tempe location for a very hipster hole-in-the-wall ambiance that reminds me of drinking coffee in a place like Chicago or NYC: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cartel-coffee-lab-tempe
2	I don't understand how anyone likes the coffee here. They claim to be the best. I found the coffee luke warm and weak. Now, it was so weak, that I had them put a shot of expresso in it. Nothing could bring this coffee back to life. I am into coffee...big time. I have been drinking coffee from all over the USA since the 1970s. It has to be bold and fresh. I've been here a few times. I like the atmosphere, though it's mostly students hanging out. Still, it's pretty funky, and I wanted to love it here. the servers were nice enough. It's just that the coffee was TERRIBLE. Please, whoever owns this place, train your staff to make consistent coffee that is bold. From the three times I've been here, in different months, all three cups of your boldest coffee tasted WEAK! I don't know how to express this more. I will check you guys out again and see if there is improvement, but quite frankly, I don't see that happening. This is sad to me, because I want to love it here.
5	I usually meet my friend at cartel for coffee. It is definitely a cute little spot in old town. Their coffee is really great also! They make pretty foam leaves on their lattes! I haven't tried their pastry, but they look sooo good! Next time I'll have to try it out! I'll be coming here again sometime soon!
2	Oh, pardon moi, for daring to venture into Old Town in holy jeans and a band sweatshirt, and not appearing to be a Scottsdale resident... I will gladly show you my drivers license with address if it will make your attitude disappear. Sheesh.The Tempe location is a LOT more friendly than this one.The two guys at the counter, and even the gentleman waiting for his coffee, stared me down all the way from the door to the register. They were very short when I ordered, all whilst staring me down rather coldly. The menu is not above the counter, it's hidden in the corner (menus aren't "cool", I guess). My drink took FOREVER to make. $5 for a "large" mocha that's the size of every other coffee shop's small. Etc, etc.Seriously, I have to continue in the employee vein because they are THAT unpleasant. All the employees are my second biggest irk about Cartel. You are not God's gift to the earth, you are a flannel-wearing, college-dropout hipster who works in a coffee shop for $8 an hour. There wouldn't be anything wrong with working for $8/hr in a coffee shop and wearing flannel, if you didn't get an attitude about it.And my number one irk about Cartel is: why the eff can't I have a cappuccino to go? I don't understand. It's my overpriced cup of coffee, I can do what I want with it. I don't need your coffee snob attitude to tell me a to-go cup will "ruin" my coffee... because IT WON'T. The fact I have two irks about this place that combine for unpleasant experiences mean I won't be back. Adios Cartel!
5	I very much like this place and from a 3rd wave coffee lover's perspective, this is well worth a visit. I love Cartel.  Every time i make it to Arizona, I come here.  The coffee is amazing, the staff know what is up, and the decor/feel is nice.
5	Absolutely killer place. Excellent cortado during our last visit to town. Followed by a nice macchiato today. Great music and atmosphere. Well worth the visit for the rest of the out of towners wondering where their best opportunity for exceptional espresso and espresso based drinks can be found. Small but awesome beer selection on tap and limited wines too. Glad they stop there though. No one can be the jack of all.
3	Cartel has great products and I've never been disappointed with any of their drinks. However, it may take a half hour to get it. I know they are completely different from a place like Starbucks, but when there's 5 or 6 people in line at Cartel, it will absolutely take 20 minutes to get your drink, which is absurd and ridiculous. A place like Sbux would take 5 minutes. Let's give Cartel the benefit of the doubt with their solo machine and manual tamping. Even if you triple the time, you're still waiting longer at Cartel. Never go there if you are in a hurry. If my drink was ready just minutes after I order it, I'd be giving them 5 stars. Since they ALWAYS take forever, they get 3, it's that tough. Their drinks are delicious and I'm sad I don't go there often but it's not worth a 20 minute wait.
5	Some of the best hand dripped coffee I've had since Philz in San Jose!
4	I'll be honest.  I was hesitant to try this place after reading the mixed reviews on Yelp, but the nice girl at Tea Time down the street told me I should try it so I did.  The service has been very good, they take your plastic via Square which I love, and my hot green tea was very good served in a heavy glass tumbler (not the norm for sure).  The wifi connection is good/fast.  The music is a little heavy, but if you want a place to  unwind, you could do that here.  Not an uppity pretentious Scottsdale norm for sure.  I will come back if I have the chance.
1	Wow.After stumbling across the below rebuttal to a review for their Tempe location, I will NEVER patronize Cartel again. You know what, Jason? If you don't like someone's bad review of your business, either offer to correct the problem or ignore it - don't insult them further. This is truly a disgusting attitude to have. "Wow  Dave! You are hilarious! If only you actually understood coffee, you might have been able to actually promote better coffee in AZ! You shouldn't be commenting about coffee since you drink it with caramel anyway. You should probably rethink that life decision! As for your bad customer service experience, i deeply apologize for that! They no longer work for us. I would be happy to send you a bag of our coffee in the mail, so you dont have to come in. You just have to promise me you will taste before you add! Email me - jason@cartelcoffeelab(BTW - could you please clean up the profanity?)"
4	First visit here, so  I won't be too harsh! :-)Cute space, lots of folks with laptops and such dong research or perhaps writing the next best seller ? Friendly baristas, efficient service. Didn't see a whole lot of munchies for sale but looks like the friendly folks make scones, muffins, cookies and sandwiches too. They also sell their very own coffee! Coool!! Yippy!I just had a large latte and it was served in a large tall glass and I thought it was pretty tasty...maybe a little more expensive than the average latte, but it was good so no complaints. I love that area of town and wish them much success.Yep, I'm a fan because I love independent coffee houses and the folks usually work very hard to make delicious beverages and do everything they can to make the customer happy.
4	Awesome coffee.... they brew each cup fresh. Cute little spot in the heart of oldtown. The Las Vegas coffee was amazing. Nice and strong! The Baristas are super friendly. Good vibe.
3	I'm torn. The coffee is probably the best I've had anywhere in Phoenix, but the service is possibly the worst I've had anywhere. The dudes are nice, but must be lacking any previous cafe experience. The place is super busy on a Saturday morning, but due mainly to the exceptionally slow service. Lets do some numbers. We walked in at 10am, waited in line until twenty past, and still didn't have a coffee in our hands by 11. Then after much fumbling and confusion, they lost our order twice before informing us that the grinder was broken. We went down the road and had a great coffee from the ice cream shop in no less than five minutes. Perhaps this place really is a lab fronting as a cafe.
3	5 star coffee/service help and knowledge, 4 star ambiance, 2 star food.As I understand, the "cool" coffee shop scene and options are lacking in Phoenix relative to my home in Denver. But this place has it. They take their coffee seriously and understand it well. Barista was friendly, helpful, and informative. The coffee was excellent (had the Puerto Verte). All are medium to light roasted. The slower speed of service seemed to be a product of brewing to order. The breakfast sandwich was good but pricey for what you got. It also had meat in the egg patty (which was not advertised on the menu). And NO condiments (salt, pepper, ketchup, hot sauce, etc). WTF?
5	This place is awesome.  I don't like coffee very much, but I LOVED their mocha.  When we arrived there was a piano player and a guitar player jamming out, plus there was great outdoor seating if you wanted to get away from that.  It was so much fun.
4	I've been in twice and ordered the same thing each time, a vanilla latte. The first visit was better as it seemed the Barista really knew what he was doing. I loved that he poured my drink in a tall glass, a real one, and topped it off with an artistic design. The only complaint was that it tasted lukewarm to warm and not near hot. The second visit the Barista made it twice (I think he may have been new), put it in a to go cup instead of a glass, and once again it was lukewarm and unfortunately was not a good taste. Pros- great location off the main strip away from the tourists. Good atmosphere with nice music, good seating, wifi, etc. Awesome hours of operation- most of the area shuts down at 5 on a Sunday night but this place goes through 9. Thus my reasons for giving it four stars, I mean come on- until 9 on a Sunday!Cons- latte's are not super hot, more on the warm side and pastries look better than they taste.
3	Blasting heavy metal, industrial decor, and a menu showing love for coffee contrasted against the difficulty of having a conversation and the coffee itself, which failed to deliver on its promise. Another reviewer referenced Portland - they take their coffee and customer experience much more seriously. Still, it's nice to see someone in Arizona making an effort.
5	Employees were very friendly. We were visiting Phoenix and came across them while shopping. Coffee is ground and brewed fresh cup by cup. Lots of college age kids with laptops though taking up the very little seating available, but we managed to find a seat.
4	I am a huge coffee fan so when I a heard about this place I was excited to check it out. It's great that there's another independent coffee house in downtown Scottsdale.I liked the decor, free wifi, and the staff was friendly enough. I ordered a black coffee from Guatemala which was a little weak for my taste - I'll try something else next time.I usually drink 4-5 cups of coffee house coffee per day and found the $4.25 (5.25 after tip) expensive for drip coffee. It was served in a pint glass which was strange but OK with the sleeve. I'll stop by again but I gave it 4 stars because it's a little expensive to make it a regular place.
5	awesome.  Small, local spot -just what we look for when we travel.  After living in the Northwest (Seattle area) for a long while we've grown accustomed to outstanding coffee (NOT starbucks) and this place was great.  Atmosphere was really unique and laid back as well with semi-outdoor seating.  I also noticed they have a small but legit beer selection.  When I was there they had on tap Odell Mercenary IPA, Firestone Velvet Merlin, and a few others.  Whoever orders their beers obviously knows what good beer is.  We didn't end up getting any but a good sign nonetheless.  Service was good and they were friendly.  We ended up buying a mug because they are pretty cool too.  Overall, superb place to stop in and have a leisurely coffee.Definitely going back next time we are in the Dale
2	A cool coffee shop with beer, what could be better? Well how about serving beer past 10:00 on a Saturday?  Totally stupid operating hours for the bar. Reminds me of of more like a dorm room than a place to go hang out in.
4	I visited this Cartel with a group of friends one night, just before they closed.  We raced over to Old Town so we could get in the door in time, and I was pleased to see that the lone barista didn't appear disgruntled by our intrusion.  We did make it pretty easy, ordering mostly the same drink (Hot Chai Latte) and paying on one tab.  He went out of his way to help my non-coffee-drinking friend choose a tea and I overheard him joking around as he steamed some milk.  He was friendly and knowledgeable; that's what I want in a barista!The Chai Lattes are phenomenal.  I don't know what they do differently than any other coffee shop, but they turn out great.  I like that after weaving through throngs of "Scottsdale people" (you know who I mean) I can walk in to this coffee shop and feel like I'm not in Scottsdale.  It's industrial, small, with cool decor.I love the iPad that's used for placing orders, charging credit cards, and providing receipts.  It's sleek, eco friendly, and hip.  I hope that's the way of the future!I also love that this isn't Starbucks.
4	Where I learned about Toddy Coffee and where hipster meets Arizona!love the portions, love that people are all on their laptops, love that it's part of Old Town...also love that they serve alcohol ;)
5	I was so excited to finally find a place that served quality iced Toddy coffee in Arizona. This place has a great vibe, and great coffee products. It's a smaller location than the original in Tempe, but still a great place to meet, get some work done, or just hangout.Iced coffee is a must in the hot Arizona heat, so if you haven't had iced Toddy coffee before then you MUST go here and get some.
4	Top notch coffee and espresso here with polite staff, and my goodness I sincerely hope this is the new norm of having draft beers at a coffee shop.  Amazing.  High marks for the aforementioned reasons.  However I just don't care for much of the customer base here, especially the younger kids who seem to occupy the limited table space for lengthy periods of time.  Rather have the mid career to older demographic at many restaurants in this area.  Parking can be challenging at times as well, but that's not surprising for the area.
1	I really wanted to like this place. It looked like it had a cool vibe from the outside so I decided to stop by and try them out one day. I probably won't come back. The vibe is the typical, SF, Seattle hipster hangout. Being from the NW, I've been to quite a few of these types of cafes. Whether or not you're down with the whole vibe, there's one thing in common....good coffee. These guys do not know how to make good coffee. It took close to 10 minutes for the guy to make the coffee for me and it tasted like water. I expected so much more considering when I asked for soy milk in it, the guy looked at me as if I had the never to disturb the natural essence of the brown water he was about to prepare for me. He told me "he'd put it on the side'. Please...this ain't Mastros Steakhouse and I'm not asking you to put A1 steak sauce on a filet mignon. This is coffee, of which you need a little instruction on how to make. Plus..If you're going to act all "hipstery", "Seattle-ly" and try so hard to make and decorate the place like you don't care, then don't locate in Old Town Scottsdale. Also, there was a dirty kid sitting on the table right next to the water dispense having a full on conversation with a barista.. Freaking dirty yo.....
5	I feel a little idiotic because I have never been to the Cartel in Old Town until last night, and I had been missing out. I met a friend for a beer, and the barista- I think his name was Mikey? was amazing. He was super sweet, helpful and had amazing customer service. We stayed and played some chess, ended up being there until closing and Mikey simply came out to let us know we were welcome to stay as long as we liked, he merely had to lock the outside gate, which led to a hilarious conversation about old school tv shows including Legends of the Hidden Temple.For being the only person in the store, he was attentive to everyone and as I mentioned, the customer service was impeccable. That's huge for a overcrowded place like Old Town Scottsdale. Thanks for a great time! I will definitely be back again.
3	I have been to this place a couple of times.  Service is really mediocre and slow as molasses.  If you are in Old Town and in this section of town and need a jolt of caffeine, I guess this is a place you can stop by.  In my last few visits, I decided to skip my order and just join the person I am meeting there and enjoy their company for a few minutes.  It seems a little out of place, I don't see Old town as "hipster central".  I think maybe that's why the baristas are so moody, or is that part of being hipster, too?  I guess I'll never know.
5	When I found out there was a Cartel Coffee Lab in Scottsdale I made sure I ventured out to try it as soon as possible. Which happened to be the next day. I love the location in Old Town. It's off the main street so it's a bit more quiet and has a great funky industrial feel inside. I had espresso and my husband had a hot latte. The latte was perfection, and my espresso was spot on. We also tried a couple of the pastries. I definitely recommend their cinnamon roll with cream cheese frosting(It had a hint of citrus in the frosting). Yum. I will definitely be back.
4	Soooo much better than Starbucks! The menu is relatively small which makes it much more pleasurable to place an order since it's not as overwhelming.  We tried both the iced vanilla latte and the iced agave latte. Both were excellent with a wonderful coffee flavor that went well with the slight sweetness of both the vanilla and the agave. I can't drink lattes at Starbucks, they're always way too sweet but I sure can at Cartel!Fun, funky environment and really nice employees.
4	Always great and now in Scottsdale!
5	Damn nice. I like that if you order a cup of coffee they make it fresh.  I like the style of the place.  I like that the free internet works.  Basically I just like this place.
3	Coffee isn't hot enough. Nice little place, funky vibe
3	Pretty good coffee and pastries but the service is mediocre and it can take forever because of the way they make their coffee. The place is a little small and they do what they can with what they have but I always feel like I am in someones way when I am waiting for my coffee. Definitely not the place to go for a quick, decently priced coffee. However, if you have time to kill and want to try something new, this is the place for you.
4	Love this place. Coffee is great, and staff is friendly and fun. Careful though--if you're running short on time, this isn't the quick grab-and-go coffee stop. They make your drinks with love, and that takes a few extra minutes. Also have great pastries!
4	I love Cartel. So I have been there multiple times. Love their coffee and pastries. Love love the environment, so non-cheesy and lots fun.
4	Great find in Scottsdale.  Could use some more food selections, but otherwise really good espresso/coffee.
5	Love Cartel Scottsdale. All of the Cartels, however especially the Old Town Scottsdale location. This place used to be an independanct owned coffee house owned by a church I think, and even though now it is a chain it has maintained that amazing independant feel. The staff are supa nice, make anything you want, and judge you hardcore if you put milk or sweetener in your joe. I'm also a big fan of using Square App to process credit cards because they email you a receipt instead of waste paper. I've only ever been for coffee on Sunday mornings to study, work, and read. However they do have a lunch snack option and serve wine and craft beer. Can't beat Cartel for coffee anywhere in Scottsdale. Each table has is supa orignal, handcrafted. The patio is completely shaded and not bad even on a hot summa morning. Bring a friend and play some of their chess or checkers games or sit and enjoy free wifi: password espresso
3	Meh. After getting raves reviews from our hostess at Brush Bar we headed down to enjoy some coffee before heading home. The store is hipster and fun with a warm and inviting feel to it. The barista was friendly and very knowledgeable. The coffee was just meh for me though. In fact, my iced mocha tasted burnt. I didn't finish it. Maybe it was just an off time--I mean who normally goes to get coffee at 9PM...but I expect the coffee to taste as good at 9PM as it does at 7AM. Maybe that's just MY high expectations speaking tho.
3	Good coffee, and may try them again some time.  It does seem to take quite a bit of time for them to make a cup so you have to go with plenty of time and a fair amount of patience.  By the time you get your first cup you kind of wish you had ordered the refill.PS: watch out for the Mac users using the wifi.  They are all up to no good.
5	I had one of the best iced lattes ever at this Cartel a few weeks ago. I used to work at a coffee shop and like to consider myself a bit of a coffee connoisseur. The espresso to milk ratio was perfect with just a touch of vanilla for sweetness. Also, I like the atmosphere. It's just some chill people getting together with their laptops and a great drink. Plus I'm a big fan of quirky seating space, which they have in abundance.
1	Pros: friendly staff, air conditioning. Cons: sub-par coffee, sub-par coffee selection (only light roasts), very expensive ($4.75 for a small red eye), very slow service, and they only have simple syrup or Splenda.  This may be the most overrated place I've visited. What an awful experience. Their only redeeming quality is their friendly staff.
4	I waited until I had a few visits to review Cartel.Firs and foremost, great coffee. I have ordered lattes, chai, dirty chai, and the cold brew (toddy). All have been delicious. The ratio with the chai/milk is pretty spot on and the cold brew is fantastic. I would say the cold brew is probably my go to drink from now on, though the dirty chai is delicious. The staff has always been very nice and helpful. Prices seem to be a tinsy bit high but the coffee is tasty so I keep going back. The shop is a littttle pretentious but not enough to deter me.Give it a shot, you'll love the drinks.
4	I had a delicious cappuccino here.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was a lot better than Starbucks.  The service was slow but it was a busy Friday morning so maybe that's why.
5	Doing Specialty Coffee right in the Old Town. So nice to see a place that is putting their foot down and not even offering foo foo corporate nonsense coffee. This is the real deal here. Nice work!
4	I am a frequent visitor of this place because I enjoy the positive energy and the artsy, inspirational vibes. Everytime I go I order an iced chai latte which is always prompt and DELICIOUS! I always go for seconds. There was once I received a watered down tea at the same time I got bad customer service, but I believe it was the individual that was helping me out, and I havn't seen him since. Other than that, all the pastries I've tried are delicious, their dirty chais are2 AMAZING, the location is beautiful, and the staff is friendly. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone that enjoys a little hipster coffee time fun, whether it be doing work, homework, or playing a nice game of scrabble. THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!
2	I have only been here once so you can take my review or leave it but first impressions do matter.I was looking for a coffee shop alternative that wasn't a big chain like coffee bean so I researched this place and watched their video on their website that made this place sound good. Aye, am I so gullible or what? Of course the video on the business' website is going to make their own business sound good.Anyway, walked into Cartel and immediately was thrown by the hipsters sitting around chatting by the front door window as they were the mannequins to advertise the store. I hoped there would be no hipsters but that's exactly what I found at this place.I ordered a green tea for $3.75. Eh.  The guy at the counter starting babbling about tea infusions and such that I really didn't care about. I once paid $4.25 for a tea but I at least understood why because they bagged their own tea. Now this one was just as expensive but it was just tea leaves and water, not even hand bagged or anything. I'm not completely poor so I didn't care as much about the price, but what really got me was that the ambience was so poor that I had to leave with my $3.75 tea since I just could not work in this place. I had planned to do some creative work on my lap top and I wanted my own little space, even a small table to myself would have been fine, but no. They have bean bag-like cushion chairs on the sides with a low table that in no way resembles a desk and the only other seating is basically long benches you have to share with others. No personal space. I could see this place being really great for collaborative meetings or even social interactions, but that's not what I was looking for today. I was looking for a cute, little non-chain coffee shop, not too loud, where I could work on a creative project.Didn't find that in here. The energy was just a little weird, from the seating to the staff, I just couldn't spend another minute.I got my tea to go and left and was pissed that I even bought the tea in the first place because I could have spent $3.75 in another place with better ambience.But after letting the tea steep, it was decently flavored. It's not much to making tea though. Like I said earlier, take it or leave it. But I'll never go back in here again.
4	If I'm doing a business networking coffee meeting in Scottsdale, Cartel is one of my go-to places - delicious coffee and my companion said their tea was excellent. Even though it wasn't on the official menu they made me a hot chocolate. Cartel has good ambiance for getting work done - a lot of people sit at the tables with their laptops and earbuds. There are plenty of outlets to go around.The staff is super friendly and mellow which I love.
1	No doubt that the coffee was excellent- but the barista was rude and very cantankerous, despite attempts at being friendly. Not to mention the bathroom was out of toilet paper and just had a sign that said 'sorry- public bathrooms available down the street'. I wish I could give a better review since their coffee is great- but the experience was lackluster.
5	I was going to give cartel an expected 4 stars but then I saw the barista brewing coffee with a clever dripper, an onyx scale and that Japanese kettle whose name I can't remember. For the coffee snobs that know brewing methods, I'm sure you are all massively grinning. She took good care at adding just the right amount of water, at the right temperature and for the exact amount of time. There is no other method better in my book.For the non coffee snobs, I'm happy to tell you that my chai latte was delicious: creamy, milky, spicy and not a single wattery-powdery flavor like many others. The place is teeming with 20-something (oh please be legal) on their Mac-books listening to Bon Iver and pretending not to just be fucking around on FB while their Poly-Sci book is wide open on some random page they've never read.
5	Best Coffee Place in the city, if you care about brew temperature, precise grind, perfect foam, the exacting science behind why different coffee tastes differently and why details matter, this is your placeBe warned, it will ruin every other coffee place in the city for you, if you have been to Blue Bottle in San Fran you know what I am talking about
4	I met a friend at Cartel in Scottsdale yesterday. It is smaller than the other two locations, but comfortable. The coffee is the same, good, not my favorite in town, but good. The girl who was working yesterday was awesome, very friendly and we had a nice conversation. The decor has a similar vibe to the downtown location, modern....not as 'cool' as the Tempe location, but nice with a lot of community style tables. I would definitely recommend this shop over some of the other Scottsdale options!
5	I'm always in search of great coffee and this place has great coffee. It's a little place and if you blink, you might just miss it! The staff was knowledgable on their coffee and equipment.  It reminds me of the type of place you would find in Downtown Phoenix, but instead it's in Scottsdale.
1	Rude and discourteous employees. No horchata latte. Bummer waste of time. Phoenix and Tempe Cartels are completely different.
2	Well....the coffee and pastry was very good....but the baristas need to find a personality.  I don't expect to get hugged or anything, especially being from the Bay Area, but come on man....don't treat me like you're doing me a favor getting me a coffee and then basically ignore me when I want some cancer causing fake sugar.  Maybe I DONT want your honey that you use for sugar....jeez!!
5	Excellent little 3rd wave coffee shop in Scottsdale. They serve AeroPress here. Try it! Also, the prickly pear iced tea is excellent.
5	Always perfect... friendly staff that makes you wanna hang around and chat. Wish they had some outside seating for this time of year.
1	Dropped by tonight for an Americano....not good!  I had high expectations, but this was the worst Americano I've ever tried.  Don't waste your time on this place.  I would rather spend the time driving over to Lux for some quality espresso.
4	I like the atmosphere of this place - it's pretty laid back, they have a mix of seating types and seem to have enough outlets for everyone. I also like that they have the usual coffee fare as well as a bar.The teas that I've tried taste good, but it's hard to drink because they leave all of the tea in the glass when they serve it to you, so it gets stuck on your lips/ face/ teeth. Kind of weird. I haven't tried the coffee yet but am looking forward to it.
4	There's nothing I love more than a cozy coffee shop. In Saint Louis, you can toss a quarter and hit a coffee shop, here however, it's a little more sparse....maybe a handful of quarters and you can hit a Starbucks. There's nothing wrong with Starbucks, as the owner of Cartel Coffee told us, "there's a time for Starbucks and there's a time for a fresh, good pour". I like her. I like this place. It works.     The decor is bare bones, industrial-esque and I love it. Two chaises by the front windows are good for lounging and beyond that, there are wooden tables, replica wooden stumps, and some outside patio seating on the side as well. It's simple, it's down to earth, and you can get a damn good cup of coffee. Their dirty chai is wonderful, the fresh pours are delicious and truthfully, the pastries I've been eying are getting harder and harder to resist. They also have a variety of beers and wines to pick from if you're working from home, grading some papers or just really need that end of the day drink.    They've been featured by BBC Travel and Food and Wine Magazine which means, maybe I'm not the only one who thinks this place is a freakin' gem in Scottsdale. I wish there were even more coffee spots like this, but I can't deny my affections for Cartel. Don't miss out on a great cup of coffee and a perfect opportunity to people watch!
5	Watching them make the coffee is what made me give them 5 stars. The atmosphere is very laid back with a very cozy kind of layout. The people are very nice and the cappuccino is definitely on point. You can't take it to go bc of the art of the foam made on top and I think that is amazing. This place is truly a great coffee shop and this is their second location I found out and hopefully they will keep adding more. It's great and will definitely come back every chance I get back in Arizona
5	Yay! Finding good coffee when you're an out of towner is always hit or miss and sometimes scary. Cartel was a hit. Iced agave latte was delicious. Really laid back atmosphere. Not too expensive either. Just right!
5	Great little coffee spot in downtown Scottsdale.  Cappucinos here are the best in the Valley - reminds me of being in Italy.  Great scones and muffins too and a relaxing place to get some work done.
4	Nice little place with a perfect setup for all the Apple lovers out there. Coffee really nice but I think one should try the different blends of regular coffee and not the espresso as this is not the niche for Cartel. Nice place and worth a short stop when in the area
5	Not from Arizona and I was craving coffee decided to check this place out over the usual Starbucks and it was great! Service and ambience was perfect!
3	I am a fan of Cartel and what they have done in other locations, but the Old Town location just doesn't do the same for me.  It's so cold and stoic...no personality...and just blah.  Old Town surprisingly doesn't have a lot of "cool" coffee shops like Downtown or even Tempe, so this will have to do when in the area....but it could be so much better.
4	Great Espresso and everything a coffee house should be. I only tried the espresso for a quick fuel up. It was perfect and kept me going all day .
5	Great coffee, they take their time making it right. And its not a long wait at all. Was there with my folks over the holidays and they enjoyed it very much. Also ran into Downtown Dan always a welcome sight.
5	This is a local chain in Phoenix. Outstanding coffee choices. Usually they have 4 or 5 to select from origins like Honduras, Guatemala & Ethiopia. The size of your cup usually determines the type of pour-over method. Be prepared to wait but sometimes waiting will give you an outstanding result.
4	It's a Cartel Coffee alright. Mmmmyep. Drinks can vary in consistency depending on who the barista is, (sometimes my mochas have a little too much milk in them, but not by a lot - other days they don't maybe) but such is life I suppose; a bit on the pricey side, but you get a quality cup. They've recently started to foray into teas and the Oolong they served on one occasion was one of the best cups of tea I've had in a while... Though on another day, they served the same Oolong in a pint glass at far too hot of a temperature.. I let that slide though. In the shop they feature local art; last month ago or so they were lithographs of an E100 Corolla and a Previa, two of the most passionless yet innovative examples of Japanese auto engineering in the 1990's... Though that exhibit was actually about the artist's dad. At any rate, this month(?) they're featuring some local furniture pieces and Heavy Pedal track bicycles. It truly is a very eclectic display sometimes. Today, the cream pattern in my mocha looked like a dong.Parking can be a bit difficult as it is on 5th ave with all the Indian jewelry, souvenir and what-have-you shops, so getting a cup in around lunchtime can be a bit difficult if you're a motorist. Interestingly enough, the pavement on 5th ave is pretty friendly for skateboards (as in, actual skateboards; though cruisers/longboards can absorb the pavement just fine), so provided cars watch out for you (which is unlikely in the wintertime due to snowbirds in addition to the typical elderly folk), it's a pleasant time to just skate on over.
5	Obsessed with their chai latte. It's the bomb. The ambiance is fantastic. You can sit for a while, work on your laptop with their complimentary wifi. The only down side is if they are busy they get a little backed up. But their products are worth the wait!!
2	They're a swanky little spot in Old Town.  I can see that, because there's so many people.  I just don't understand why..The set up is pretty cool.  Kinda cozy, kinda industrial.  A little darker than I like, especially where the pastries are since you can barely see them..  Which is why I asked the guy what they were and turned out they were actually 3 items spread out over 6 display risers.  A little sign or something to hint at what these items were would definitely help the ordering process.  Especially if the worker missed the delivery and had no idea what was in them..  So we order 2 black coffees and turns out they didn't have enough to fill the tiny tiny cups for both so they say it'll take a few minutes while they brew it I guess manually?  They have the Aeropress (which is what we use at home), and various sized drip contraptions which I'm assuming they went with to make our coffee.  The coffee was a bit sour, which happens when the coffee is under brewed.  We do it ourselves at home once in a while, but we're not paying 2.50 per Dixie cup.  The scone was actually pretty decent but I was looking for a pastry, not the limited option of scone, muffin or cookie.  Even so, I wouldn't rate so low if the coffee was good at the coffee shop.
2	Guy behind counter seemed to be texting when we walked in and a bit bothered that we said we had not been before whats good?  I just walked out I dont have time for bad attitudes.  My husband walked out with a green tea.  It was green tea.
3	Great location in old town.  Not the most warm welcome, but the coffee was fabulous!  Had the cappucinno and sister had tea.  Tea had the loose leaves.
4	This is a sit-down and take-it-all in place, not unlike coffee shops to be found in places like San Francisco. if you're in a big rush and want things the way you're used to and don't like adventures, please go to Starbucks - there's one right down the street.Cartel makes each cup one at a time, so you get something truly unique. There are always many different flavors being brought in and switched out, so ask questions and make sure you get something in line with your tastes - unless you like surprises!
5	My wife had the cappuccino and I had a local beer by Fate Brewing.  My wife drinks a lot of cappuccinos and she said this was the best she has ever had and the barista made sure every thing was done right.  This place is quality.  They also have an outside seating area.  Great coffee, beer, service, and overall ambiance. We will definitely be back.
5	Great coffee, free wifi, and huge tables to get some work done.  Great find in Scottsdale.
5	This is hands down the best coffee shop in Arizona. I have been coming to the 5th Ave location for 3 years now. The baristas are like family and they treat their family right! It took all of the baristas no more than 3 trips from me before they knew what I wanted and had it ready by the time it was my turn to pay. As I always state, attention to detail is what sets a business apart and Cartel is fully focused on the details.They boast a strong pastry section with the chocolate chip cookie, my favorite, leading the way. They will accommodate any order and always have fun facts about the great coffee you're about to enjoy. They have all the best methods of brewing including the Chemex.The one thing that sets them above all other coffee shops, besides the coffee and pastries, is the music. They are always playing the coolest playlists and they don't discriminate. I have heard everything from 2Pac to The xx to 80s jams. After studying for 3 Bar Exams here, I can truly say there is no better place to get your coffee fix while enjoying great music and a great atmosphere.
4	I absolutely love their lattes. It's unfortunate that their locations aren't convenient for my normal commute or else I would be in everyday. However, that doesn't stop me from leaving an extra 30 minutes early (and being a few minutes late) if I'm craving some Cartel. It's definitely not a quick stop though. Be prepared to wait about 10-20 min to get your drink....it's worth it!
4	When visiting Scottsdale from snowy Chicago, I had iced coffee on the mind. Not just any regular iced coffee, but deep, dark, delicious cold brew. A quick search on Yelp and I found Cartel downtown. The menu is simple, and there are two sizes of cold brew. I ordered up a large for $3, and it was exactly what I was craving. It was so good, I made a return trip the next day to repeat it.
5	I have been traveling to the Phoenix area somewhat regularly (for both family and business visits) for about 15 years.  The coffee I found there never failed to disappoint, until..... I  visited your Old Town Scottsdale shop this past weekend.  Wow!  Finally there is really good coffee in Arizona!  Your shop is great, and the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.  Your espresso is right up there with the best in Seattle, Portland, and San Francisco.  Congratulations and thank you!
4	Hipster-y coffee in Old Town. You know I like me some tasty cappuccinos, but for some reason they wouldn't do a cappuccino to-go, that was a first... so I went with a latte. Fortunately the latte was excellent so I have no trouble forgiving them for a little coffee snobbery.
2	This actually happened several weeks ago, but I keep forgetting to post, and am still sad about it.  I have been a long time customer of the Tempe location, and have only been to the Old Town one a couple of times.  Smaller, but less smelly hipsters than the Tempe one.  Maybe this isn't a big deal to most people, but I was thoroughly irritated.  I loathe doughy cookies.  I like a nice chewy cookie with a crunchy crust.  I know I am the exception in this case, so that's why I always check first.  I asked when ordering - "Is your cookie dough-y in the middle?"  The barista assured me "No, not at all!"  Halfway home, I took out the cookie.  *womp womp* It was barely baked!  My boyfriend likes under-baked cookies, but this was even too much for him.
3	Cool theme for a coffee shop but nothing to write home about. The house cold press coffee I had was mediocre. They advertise four different ways to brew your coffee, however dont really provide a variety of different coffee blends to customize your brew. Overall, cool theme, ok coffee.
5	They put a lot of love into their coffee making! Hands down the best coffee! I came here and enjoyed the chai and mocha lattes each day I was in Scottsdale. I will miss my morning pick me up and friendly service now that I am back home.
4	Excellent coffee in Scottsdale.  Roast their own and quite well.  Enjoyed a fully washed Eithiopian Yirg which was great as a chemex.  Also serve a variety of beer and wine.  Cool decor.  Hipster but mix of folks in there the times I have been.  Espresso and lattes on a beautiful La Marzocco Strada.  Knowledgable staff.  Polite and helpful.
5	I avoid Old Town like the plague, but when someone suggested a meeting location here at Cartel, I had no choice.  2 minutes after arriving, I was waiting for the other half of my party, and all I could do was snap photos of the interior of Cartel - the decor is amazing.  The coffee was good too.
4	Very good coffee, nice foam. Happy to have a place to leave my husband while I shop. There are power strips under the table and it seems like some people work from this coffee shop. Nice relaxed vibe, feels like the mission in SF.
5	Cartel went from zero to hero in my heart. They introduced me to Chemex brewing (my new personal choice), and I have had several pleasant experiences since my first visit.Since August, their ordering system seems more intuitive, the only employees I've been encountering are very patient yet highly efficient and they've reorganized the place.  Way to go Cartel.  You've officially changed my mind.
5	Wow. I wish all the Cartels locations were like this. Professional, articulate and MATURE staff at this location. Great coffee, great recommendations on wines. What a relief.Upper management take note: whoever is running this location, let them take the reins. This place runs circles around the Tempe and airport stores.
5	They really know what they are doing here. Educated and talented. If u want the highest quality coffee and service in Phoenix- Look no further. We had the Colombian 6 tier. Sooooo delicious.
5	Wow- they have the best cookies in the world!!!!  Very nice Staff and fresh Orange Juice.  I will have to say thumbs up to Cartel.  They really focused on what the customer needs and wants are.  Very happy to come back real soon!!!!!
3	5 stars for friendly people, and 5 stars for good coffee.. but 1 star on the amount of ice Cartel puts in their drinks.. I paid $8.00 for 2 small drinks (1 mocha, and 1 chai) which were more than half way filled up with ice. Took me 1 min after walking out the door to finish my delicious chai.. what a disappointment.. just which that I could have had more.
5	Cartel Coffee lab is a really great spot for some really good coffee, made how you want it. It doesn't end there, though. There's beer and wine and a selection of baked goods. I went there on a tuesday afternoon and it was packed. It's especially perfect if you need to grab a coffee after getting some Original Chopshop Co. for lunch.I only got the classic drip coffee when I came because I realized, a little too late, about all of their coffee selection. They have different roasts and beans and can make it in the aeropress or three other types of pour-overs, including the chemex. Cartel knows their coffee. Their service was great too.
4	The experience at Cartel is exactly what you'd expect at an independent coffee shop. The locale is artsy, the interior is sparsely decorated with geometrically abnormal tables at weird heights, wood and steel stuff and an exposed wood ceiling. If you're into wood and steel, Cartel has it. They were bumping dubstepLite from the overhead speakers, which was an unexpected change from the guitar + hi high and bass drum + croaking off-key vocals that hipsters seem to love. The dudes at the counter were wearing a sufficient quantity of second-hand clothing to make me certain that they weren't employees of a corporate chain, but that they were actually fulfilling their destinies as bearded Ferrymen helping the uninitiated cross the Single Origin river into the Alterlife. Among other customers there was a distinct lack of true artistic souls, which is disappointing, but really out of the control of Cartel. No one had a typewriter, or was knitting, and only one guy had the messy dreadlocks of someone who hasn't sold out. SOMEthing needs to be done before Cartel gets a reputation of being a scene for sellouts and generics.Enough about the scene, on to the coffee. I had a black single-origin Chemex from somewhere in the global South, and the wife had the coldbrew. The Chemex is 20 oz., which is cool, but $8~. I guess if you think of it as two coffees it makes sense, but $8~? That's almost 50 cents/ounce. "Well, you were dumb enough to buy it," you might argue. Don't use your laissez-faire logic on me, I expect my independent coffee to be fair trade, not free trade. Still, the flavor was mild and spicy, and the mouthfeel...whatever, it tasted like good coffee. The wife's coldbrew was good, but also a little overpriced. Cream is kept under the tight control of the bearded Ferrymen, probably to keep it fresh, and is served infused with non-verbal judgement over your poor choice of diluting the integrity of your carefully crafted beans. This bit of judgementalism restored my faith a little in Cartel. Maybe they have what it takes to be an elite hipster joint after all. Then on our way out the door I overheard one of the Ferrymen describing to Dreadlocks how one of the blends as "totally cleanses your system," and reassurance washed over me. Cartel isn't just selling coffee after all. It's curing people of their ailments and helping them towards a healthier, less skeptical lifestyle.Great for: people who enjoy the free marketNot great for: people who believe in evidence based medicine
5	Quite literally the best cappuccino in Arizona, one of the best I've had in the world.  Just as good as Prufrock in London.  The people of Cartel know and love coffee, and it shows.
4	Neat coffee place that also serves beer!  I like the industrial look to their shops.  It's just a little pricey.
2	Was nice for awhile but lately, on weeknights, the vibe has been dragging. And the music played over the soundsystem has been odd, if considered music at all. I guess most people wear headphones anyway but would be cool to have a better vibe with some type of subscription music played overhead.
4	Good coffee, good service, love the location(although it can be hard to spot), and great patio. Pastries are tasty. We will be back!
2	Neat little place. Coffee was okay. I asked for soy milk but got whole milk Instead (lactose intolerant). I did not like the coffee here, tasted like any other low quality coffee shop. Iam a coffee lover and enjoy nice fresh espresso beans, this isn't the place for me. Good service, cashier was nice and helpful.
4	Great coffee options here, brewed to order.  Nice staff.  Hipster vibe and customer base though, which is entertaining to me.  Parking is good on weekdays.  A few draft beers available, so this is a great night hangout also.
4	Simple, but efficientI didn't really know what to expect from this place. My friend has been hyping it for weeks, so I finally decided to check it out. I loved the vibe when I walked in. It was, surprisingly "hipstery"? (Is that a word?) but pleasant. It was definitely nothing like the typical Starbucks or other coffee chains. The menu was basic and to the point, and I didn't feel overwhelmed by the number if choices or fillers that a lot of other places I've visited. The iced green tea I had was outstanding. Overall, I was happy with my visit. Ill definitely be back
5	Let's talk about Cartel Coffee Lab in Scottsdale. Let's!!This place makes all of my coffee nerd/ trendy hipster senses tingle with glee. When you first walk in you'll notice there's art on the wall, and long couches, long tables. I actually love the furniture in here. There's a little indoor/outdoor hallway on the side that has a comfy couch and tables, one of which has a chess board, if you know how to play (which I don't). Then the coffee stuff. This is what I love the most. They have all brewing methods. French press, chemex, aeropress, you name it. Not to mention a manual espresso machine and hand poured latte art. GAH! The two guys working today are perfection. They are fun, friendly and efficient. Not to mention they make a killer latte. Yum. :) Also, I had a blueberry muffin that made my tummy very very happy. I love Cartel Coffee Lab. I will come back again and again.
5	This is the first decent coffee I have had in Arizona. In London, we take our coffee very seriously and I was so pleased when I discovered this wonderful gem! You can choose a variety of beans, mainly south american and Mexican (no African beans when I went). They have the regular latte, cappuccino etc but for those looking for a real treat, they have areopress, v60, clever, and chemex! I had an areopress which was almost perfect. Their baked goods are also lovely, mainly the scones and banana bread. This is a proper coffee place so you won't find silly caramel sweet sugary coffee or other nonsense...
5	I tried to pry it out of them: What is the addictive chemical that Cartel puts in their coffee? Being a Denverite, I had to know: what can I do to get my fix while I'm not in Scottsdale?Instead he gave me a list of his favorite coffee shops in Denver. Awesome service, amazing coffee and possibly and addictive chemical that creates the illusion of the best Iced Vanilla Latte you've ever had. This location serves local beer and wine as well. I'll try to make it back for happy hour.
5	The coffee and atmosphere are great here. I love to visit local coffee shops and this one is now at the top of my list.
1	I ordered a latte and a drip coffee.  The latte came right away and I stood and watched 5 other people get their drinks before I leaned over the counter and asked if the remembered my coffee.  The barista replied, "I had other customers before you."  I reminded him that I was here before the others and that he had given us one of our drinks and not the other.  No apology, nothing.Music is too loud, cannot have a conversation.  It's 10am.  The deco is very chic, but not comfortable.  A bit of an institutional feel to it.  Again, hard to sit comfortably and converse.I live in Portland, they could take some good lessons from a visit to that area's coffee shops - including good service.A few positives:  my daughter's latte was very well done; my drip was very good and unlike most coffee shops in the Phienix Scottsdale area, Cartel is not over priced for what you get.  It is all about the coffee here.
2	My friend got a cold pressed coffee. Good flavor but no almond milk offered? Just soy and cows milk. I find that odd. Also, no stevia or raw sugar. Probably would never go back
1	Worst. Coffee. Experience. Ever...  sorry guys... bad coffee and music was so loud I couldn't work/hear/concentrate. Way pricey for tiny cup. Portland or isn't even that $$
5	Guatemalan Coffee.Awesome food.Great Atmosphere....If you are a coffee connoisseur.. like i claim to be.. then this place is definitely for you. The coffee is brewed to perfection and the ambiance is great. I've been here several times, just to stop by for coffee or to sit and talk with some friends. If you find a nice table it is also a great study spot!
5	I had the iced chai and it was spectacular. I always try the chai wherever I go and this definitely had a very fresh, distinct taste to it. The employee was working alone so it took a few minutes to get our order (there were 4 of us) but it was well worth the wait.
4	Coffee is strong yet pure coffee joint. They make individual espresso by coffee press ( so like a lab )  Their employees Kaylie and Mark are awesome staff members. Excellent service by them. I liked their service. 4 star for service and coffee . Loved the service. Very busy.
4	Great imports of coffee, freshly roasted. Very alternative but lively atmosphere. A bit on the pricy side but can't really complain.
5	This is my favorite cold brew iced coffee around. I'm not a coffee expert but based on the Cold Brew that I have had around Scottsdale, this wins. I get my 64 oz jug filled up every Sunday and it lasts me the week. Staff is nice as well.
4	High quality coffee and friendly/helpful/hipster staff, but soo overpriced. Barrier to entry is high, and for that reason, you lose a star. Sorry, Cartel, but be more affordable to the average folk.
5	hands-down the best coffee in the Greater Phoenix area.Passionate baristas that know their products. A commitment to quality. A great space for getting things done. I plugged in the headphones and spent a solid 5 hours here one afternoon. Had a great conversation as I was visiting from another shop in Columbus, Ohio.... This is my top recommendation in all of PHX.
5	Best coffee! Made in an artisan way. Each cup individually made.  greAt atmosphere looks totally hip. Good music. Very clean.  Very polite patrons hangout and converse.
3	This joint is open until 9pm which is a good quality and my small iced mocha was four bucks which is about average for that type of drink. They have a small bar for beer also and tables outside in sort of a mini courtyard. The tables are very close to eachother and I had to endure three minutes of a first date conversation before I had to get up and get out. Two other loudies were playing Connect Fout. The barista did bring me my drink, so that was a nice touch.
3	Had coffee. Much smaller than their Tempe location, they have some nice beers on tap, extra seating in adjoining space. Great way to caffeine-up before walking the streets of Old-Town. Funny how people can sit there for hours nursing one cup of coffee while they stare at their PC screens. Service was good.
3	This place is very nice with nice seating options. I like the workstation tables when you can study, or simply work on your laptop or tablet. The coffee tastes very good and fresh. The only problem is the wifi. It didn't work for me on neither my laptop, nor my smart phone.  I even tried a tablet but didn't work neither.  I asked the guys working there, someone told me he would check on that but never got back to me neither did the Internet work. I would've given this place 5 stars of the Internet worked.
5	BEST coffee. I buy by the pounds. Ridiculous affection for their coffee. Also I love that they serve tea as it should, with an array that will transport you to a time of chivalry and manners. And not mention, alcohol is available if you need something stronger. I'm in utter love. My fave wine is the Stronghold Tazi. Why not? It's a local wine! The white chocolate beer is pretty good. What more can you ask for but marriage of those two things?Staff is awesome, the hiring manager has an eye for talent. They are all uber cool in the Seattle stylish way. I think every creative artist, startup mogul, and entrepreneur frequents here, albeit the tourists wandering Old Town for unattractive "southwestern" pieces to collect. The setup is spacious with communal tables and cute wood stumps to plop your feet or computer. Plenty of plug outlets for you looking to dock and get on the wifi. I prefer the patio as it is really lovely to watch patrons and also soak up sunshine and fresh air.
3	It seems a lot of places are now offering Cartel Coffee and it's becoming more popular by the minute. I really wanted to check out the hype and stopped by last Saturday around 10:30am. After reading a few reviews, I was under the assumption Cartel served some form of breakfast (sandwiches? Burritos?). When I asked the barista, he told me no and pointed to the display case of pastries. I was a little disappointed by this as I was starving.  Nothing in the pastry case really sparked my interest and I had two employees staring at me expectantly. Glancing up, I looked at the very simple menu and tried to gauge what I wanted. Feeling pressured, I ordered my standard go-to drink: a small vanilla latte. The latte was a tiny 8oz and $4 total. Needless to say, I was a little disappointed. (One of my favorite coffee shops has 8oz as their small size, but they list the pricing/sizing on the menu so I can make an appropriate decision.) Taking my drink to go, I slowly sipped my drink. It was a good, decent latte. Definitely better than any chains and a few other local shops I've been to, but not something I'd drive out of my way for. A few weeks following my first experience, I decided to give Cartel another go. This time, I knew I wanted to try their iced coffee. I also ordered a large hot latte for a friend. After making the large latte, the barista poured my iced coffee and asked if I needed cream. I told him I definitely needed enough cream to make the drink a mellow khaki color. He then proceeded to take the left-over hot milk from the previous latte and pour it into my iced coffee. Two things. He asked if I wanted "cream" not milk. Second, he didn't give me an option to say no to hot milk being poured into my cold drink. Since I haven't been a barista for over 7 years, I decided to go with the flow and didn't say anything. He then handed me my drink and I proceed to add some simple syrup. (Next to the counter, there is a small area with sugar packets, lids, napkins, and simple syrup in a pump.) After adding some simple syrup, I took a tentative sip. I almost spit it out. The drink tasted like oranges. Strong, overpowering oranges. Oh god. I looked up at the barista, but he was already engaged with another customer. Not wanting a confrontation, I decided to take my paid-for drinks and go. I tried a few more sips of the drink, but just couldn't do it. It was horrible. I then drove down the street to another coffee shop (which coincidently served Cartel beans) and ordered a hot latte. The hype sucked me in and I'm glad I gave it a try. However, I will probably never be back. There are so many other good local coffee shops near me that I would not go out of my way to drive to Cartel.
3	Enjoyed my regular brewed coffee very much, but the latte drinker gave it a "meh" and took a LONG time to get drinks.  Kind of a hipster place.  I think for the amount of time it took to get coffee on a Sunday morning, I'd pass.
2	I wanted to experience what all the hype was about. Went in to purchase a few pounds of medium roast, but first I wanted to try a cup of regular coffee. $3 for an 8oz Aeropress for what I consider average bean coffee, better that the chains, but not much more seemed expensive. As for buying coffee by the pound, well you can only get 12oz bags, at a very expensive price, I've experienced better Kona coffee for less $$ per oz. Do yourself a favor, skip this place if you want coffee by the pound and visit The Village Roaster, better coffee for less of your hard earned cash. Or if fair trade is your thing order a pound from here https://doichaangcoffee.com/ you will be impressed. Now I know this place does NOT live up to the hype.
5	I love their oolong tea, the light one. What I love the most is working on my projects here, 'cuz they have free wifi and many plugs! They have indoor and outdoor area. Great atmosphere!
4	Great tea (hot/iced), great hot cocoa, and my friends tell me the coffee is tasty, too.  It has that great Cartel vibe - modern, funky, artsy, classy - and friendly staff.  Lots of seating (mostly tables and chairs, but some backless couches line the sides), plus a cozy, dog-friendly side patio.The drink menu is simple - lots of coffees but not a huge selection of weird ways to have them (no almond milk, but they do have soy).  A few teas, hot cocoa (yay!), and they are now serving beer as well (pretty tasty stuff).It's been quiet on my visits, which is lovely for reading, and the music is soft but awesome.I haven't tried the food beyond the cookies (which are decent in a pinch but too dry to be scrumptious to this dessert snob).
5	Always great people, service, and beverages at Cartel! (Wish their chairs were more comfortable... these are hard, steel little things!). ;)
2	very disappointed,  went in early in the morning just wanting to sit and in joy a coffee. the coffee was only warm and not all that good. there is no comfortable relaxing place to sit. music was way to loud for that early in the day. i left without drinking my coffee.
5	The best coffee Arizona has to offer!Cartel Coffee Lab does it all. They send their roaster down to South/Central America to source great coffee, they roast coffee themselves in Tempe, AZ and they brew the coffee in a way that respects the chemistry of the bean and ensures the resulting cup is of the highest quality. Other AZ cafes come close, often offering great cups of coffee, but none are as involved in the process from farm to cup as Cartel is! Trust me, you, the customer, are the beneficiary of all their crazy coffee worship.Cartel also has several cafes that all have their own unique personality. This 5th Ave location in Old Town is one of the friendliest, most welcoming and relaxing of their cafes. Great place to get work done and the baristas seem to cater to the crowd in setting the ambiance. If everyone's in with friends getting (alcoholic) beverages then the music will be turned up a bit and more upbeat, if everyone's got their laptops out or their nose buried in a book the music will be a bit more calm. My favorite drinks are any of their hand-brewed coffees, the cappuccino, the cortado and the one-and-one (ask your barista!).Oh, and I could rant for an hour about why complaints about price are irrational but i'll keep it short. Coffee is an agricultural product that requires an ENORMOUS amount of work to grow and process. If you take a second to think about where your coffee comes from and all the hands that work to bring it to you, you'll wonder why each cup doesn't cost $10 and each bag doesn't cost $50!
5	OMG if you are in scottsdale and love good coffee,  got to try this place !! The cappuccino was amazing !! The gingerbread cake was fresh and tasty !
2	I have generally loved Cartel since I've been in Phoenix, but was saddened this time after not going for over a year. I took some guests there, thinking I'd treat them to my favorite coffee place in the Phoenix area. The coffees were lukewarm and didn't have much flavor, and in smaller cups than I remember (paper cups, even if you're staying in- except the cappuccino of course, also lukewarm).I remember HOT coffee and coffee so strong and delicious that it gave me a buzz.What happened??
4	A cool, industrial space with an emphasis on reclaimed wood and metal in a section of Old Town dedicated to touristy gift shops and jewelry stores.  The staff here are meticulous about their coffee and take the upmost care when preparing your hot, caffeinated elixir.  Ordering a cup here is not without a series of decisions to make.  First you have to pick from a dizzying list of single origin beans.   Next, you define your preferred brewing method, which include Aeropress, Hario, Chemex or Clever.  Then sit back and wait as they work their magic.  Truly great coffee, and this is coming from someone who has access to the very best in SF.
4	Amazing food, amazing coffee, great space for taking my laptop and working on projects. Oh, I forgot about the beer...mmmmm.
5	Came here because I was tired of going to another place that messes up my coffee almost daily. Was told all about the different coffees they had I tried one of the suggested ones, which turned out to be really good. Their banana bread is awesome as well!
