3	Pitcher strawberry margaritas. I needn't say more, but I'll continue anyway. Sorry, I'm not a Mexican food afficionado, but my mouth knows what it likes. I have this modified diet, so its kind of hard to find options in the way of poultryless and hoovedless options. Crab tacos at Dona Maria's are fantabulous, though. Portions are American-sized and everything tastes like a Mexican heaven. * off the strip, non-casino
4	Yeah :) Tamales here are awesome :) My husband and I were driving around and decided we would stop when something sounded good for dinner....Mexican sounded good. So, we got our pacificos and ordered some tamales and a burrito. The been burrito was nothing special, but the cheese tamales were incredible!! My hubby really liked the chicken ones as well. We will definitely be back to eat more tamales. They were excellent and made for happy food babies in out bellies :)
1	Literally the WORST Mexican food I've had in my entire life. The food was swimming in a pile of grease and I literally vomited in my plate and the manager still made me pay for this slop! My son got sick as well. I emailed the owner for a refund which I did not receive but should have called the health department instead! THIS PLACE IS ON THE BEST OF LAS VEGAS?!#$%*&
2	So I have been at both the DT and the North Las Vegas local. There are a couple of things that are really good---the chips are awesome, the shrimp wrapped in bacon (leave the sauce off) and the  coffee are fabulous! The rest is the same as throwing a Patio dinner in the microwave. Tamales...I hear they are good but I was not taking any chances. The service is also hit or miss. If this is the only option...stay home
4	I am a fan of Mexican food and I love Chavelas.  I've been searching for a Mexican restaurant that makes these in Vegas.  I was apprehensive when the waiter asked me how this drink is made... then excited when he said they could make it... then slightly disappointed again when they brought the drink to the table.  Not what I am looking for.  But things improved as the food came to the table.  I had the pork tamales and Chiliquiles.  Both were above average and the homemade tortillas were outstanding.  Chips and salsa were very basic but had a good flavor.
5	Finally a place that makes TAMALES as big as me and mmmmm mmmmmm  ggooooooddddd!!!!!! My experience here was awesome to say the least i had a excellent meal everything was extremely fresh and well cooked . The service was spot on. The staff acted as if i was family and were extremely helpful on the menu rundown. We will definitely be back!!!
1	I Used to love this place. Now I hate it! It took them over an hour and 15 minutes to make Mexican dishes! Is this not what they do? The place was not busy and definitely they did not have the right to blame their poor service on the half packed establishment.  We also had to ask for a Manger two times as they could not get a cheese quesadilla right. My son was in tears at this restaurant. He was very hungry and grumpy after the first 40 minutes. We specifically asked for the kids meal first as we always do. Most importantly, It was a new job celebratory party for myself and my son's Grandmother's birthday party. After this I demanded that all drinks be comped plus the kids meal or I would walk. They still only took off half the drinks and the kids meal. They did somewhat try to redeem their lack of good service by singing happy birthday to an 83 year old Great Grandmother. Managerial staff decided delivering huge loads of ICE cream to the table and flan or rice type dessert was the ideal way to make good on this overpriced overrated garbage food. I never been more under impressed by a Mexican Restaurant in my entire life. If they had only listened to my requests I would have given them 3 stars at best. Delivering a table full of sweets to a family who is mostly diabetic is ridiculous and uncalled for...it was a total waste cause we all shared one dessert. It literally felt like this staff were so disconnected and weren't even on the same planet as they worked together with no cohesiveness at all. It's a shame this place is so high priced. I literally don't see them keeping their business in this economy. Chef Ramsey Where are you when we need you? Kitchen Nightmares shout out.
4	Cheese enchiladas compete for the best i've ever had... The tamales weren't that great.  I'm surprised they're mentioned in the name.  The tacos are really saucy, which was a little weird, but really good. Food came out very quickly, and I have no complaints with the service.   I will definitely be back.
5	Let me begin by saying that I grew up in SoCal and have traveled extensively throughout the southwest and had my fill of Mexican food, looking for the good stuff.  The two dishes I look for are tamals and chile rellenos:  both specialty dishes that require careful attention to detail, and both of which can be done badly.  Dona Maria's had the BEST tamals AND chile rellenos I have ever had.  First, the tamals:  most places have a thin layer of meat wrapped in corn meal.  Here, you have a rather sizable portion of meat wrapped in a thin layer of corn meal.  Next, the chile rellenos.  If you don't do them right, you have a gloppy, oil-soaked eggy mess.  Dona Maria's were done perfectly:  crispy and filling.
5	This was my first time to Tamales but my mom and grandma who are recent transplants via SoCal (and we know ggod mexican food) eat here on a weekly basis, after tonite I can see why. The carnitas are OUTSTANDING.. moist and flavorful, not tough at all. The tamales are possibly the best I have EVER tasted, order them enchilada style with any sauce you like, the green is fab but so is the red and ranchero. When you ask for sour cream you actually get true "crema" which was such a welcomed surprise. The margaritas also pack a punch, go for a pitcher, fab deal for $16. The dessert also doesnt dissapoint, the desert tamal is great, the flan is fab and the deep fried ice cream shows that you should only eat corflakes this way.The service is friendly and fast but not rushing at all. They even brewed a fresh pot of coffee for my grandmother 15 minutes before closing.This was my frist visit but surely not to be my last. Salute!
3	The food is decent, the service is slow, and the salsa is barely spicy.Mexican restaurant rundown:Chips and Salsa: The chips are actually fantastic. They taste fresh baked and have perfect crispiness. The salsa however is rather bland. Basically it lacks any serious spice, and that seems like a crime when paired with these amazing chips.Food: Decent. Emphasis on the decent. It's unmistakably Mexican, but it lacks any real pop. Nothing exciting, nothing unexpected. The ingredients seem fresh enough, but the result is just okay.Cerveza: Bonus points for having Negra Modelo and Dos XX Amber on tap.Service: Slow! Restaurant wasn't even half full and we could barely get a waiter's attention.Good, not great.
4	Dona Marias on Tenaya has been a family favorite of ours for years. My kids love the soup and the fresh made tortillas. They are a little pricey so it is a sometimes treat. (Like once a week if I can bribe my wife into it with a grande Midori Margarita on the rocks)I highly recommend their grande margaritas. They are bueno-tastic!.
3	Tried the Fajita Chicken and Beef mixed, is one of the best I tried. Other foods though are OK. Servings are huge!!
3	Dona Maria is in my neighborhood, so we eat here every once in a while (3-4 times per year).  They're known for their Tamales here.  If I was to rate this place just on the Tamales, I'd give them 4 Stars.  However, since they aren't, they only get 3 Stars.  Here's why:- Their Chips & Salsa is not that great.  The Chips are inconsistent....sometimes they're fresh and taste good, sometimes they're greasy and taste stale.  The Salsa is very weak and bland in my opinion.....no option for Spicy Salsa either.- Nachos and Beef Fajitas are my entrees of choice here.  Both are just OK, not great.  It fills my tummy, but it doesn't leave me wanting more.The family enjoys coming here because it's close to home.  If it were up to me, I'd pass on it most days.Return Factor - 50%
2	The chips and salsa were really good, but it kinda went downhill from there. I was with my wife and my 4 year old daughter and we didn't order drinks-it bugs the hell out of when the server doesn't even bother to hide their disappointment when you aren't drinking. I am a mole fanatic and this had one of the weirdest tasting moles I have ever had. It manged to be bitter and yet tasteless at the same time. I don't know how you pull that off, but it sure did. The chicken in the dish was also bland and dried up-like they stewed it all day without any seasoning. We are new to Vegas and I don't know how on God's Green Earth this won "Best" of anything. It seems like to LV-RJ just rotates that award around to whatever place hasn't had it for awhile. See for yourself: http://bestoflasvegas.com/2010/eat-drink/best-mexican-restaurant/#ifh=842There were two bright points to the meal. 1. It was so slow that night that we had the waiter all to ourselves so he could mope about us not ordering any alcohol and bring us our food quickly2. They did bring us a tasty little dessert at the end which along with the quality chips and salsa earned it a 2 star review from me.
2	We had dinner here this past week and I have to say that service is amazing but the food is just bleh. We had a guacamole appetizer: I've bought better tasting guacamole from the grocery store. I ordered a roasted half chicken with tortillas rice and beans. For $15 i could have ordered 3 times as much at El Pollo Loco and received way better food. The chicken was dry and tasteless, smothered with some kind of bland red sauce. The homemade tortillas that came with it were pretty good. My hubby got a tamale and it tasted way better than my chicken. My kids ordered the kids meal of chicken fingers and fries, and they liked theirs. It was just disappointing to pay for a $100 meal (including tip), for something I could have got for 1/3 of the price.
4	Our family really enjoys this place for breakfast.  We moved here from South Texas where Mexican food (Jalisco Style...not Tex Mex) is king.  Their chiquiles are amazing, and heuvos rancheros are good as well.  Surprisingly they also serve some of the best pancakes around!  Great Mexican coffee and hot chocolate.  Home made chips and tortillas are a must for us and theirs are great!  Also tried some tamales and really enjoyed them as well.  Only real disappointment was the sopapillas.   Too doughy, almost cakelike.  Not light and fluffy like we like.
4	I came here with Ken, Paolo, and Tricia for the Tamales and Brewskis UYE.  I guess I never realized that this was a bonafide full service restaurant.  This location is very spacious.  They serve a ton of different Mexican food but we were here for the tamales.  You can get one tamale for $4, six tamales for $14.25, and a dozen for $19.95.  Huh? Definitely get a group together and go for the dozen.  They let you mix and match and they are so tasty.  The drinks here are pretty cheap, too.  $8 for pretty large mixed drinks.  I highly recommend this place for groups.  Or get your tamales to go, and have a party at home!
4	This is an unexpectedly large Mexican restaurant in the northwest part of town. For some reason, I get that authentic vibe that is hard to manufacture. It's a nicely architected and decorated restaurant.I was here one night thanks to Ken M and his creative UYEs. This time, it was Tamales and Brewskies. Dona Maria, of course, was the tamales side of that equation. Not wanting to mess around, we decided to order a dozen tamales. Then again, why wouldn't you? It's certainly the cheapest option. I don't remember the exact price points, but it's something like $5 for a single tamale versus about $3 each if you buy a dozen.There are four tamales to choose from - red, green, cheese, and sweet. The red is pork, the green is chicken, the cheese is cheese (imagine that), and the sweet is pineapple and raisins. I actually enjoyed them all.I wasn't that hungry on this night, so that was all I had. I'm glad I was with a group and was able to sample all of Dona Maria's tamale offerings. It is called Dona Maria Tamales after all.
3	I have been going to Dona Maria's for about 6 years and I have to say that the quality has been going the wrong direction.  I went there this past week with my parents.  My Mom's cocido had hardly any meat in it.  Also, they were also stingy on the vegetables.  My Dad had tacos and they were ok, but is it just me or does it seem wrong to be red sauce on a ground beef taco? Just saying.I had the chicken fajitas and I was impressed with the amount of actual chicken in the fajitas.  The tortillas were exceptional, however I am not sure I want to pay as much as this place costs for stellar torts....
4	Excellent pork tamale
4	I love their chips and salsa!!We usually go there on Sundays after church for breakfast!!Service is great also!My favorite is the Shrimp cocktail;)
3	Dona Maria is pretty close to our house. I've seen a number of good reviews, and I've been wanting to try it for some time. We finally got around to trying it a few weeks ago.The albondigas soup was pretty decent. The tortilla soup had lots of cheese but not meat. The chips and salsa were average. The chile relleno was good but not the best I've ever had. The guacamole was good but kinda runny. The chicken tamal was decent and the pork tamal was pretty good. The banana margarita was interesting/different. The chicken taco was fine as was the flan. (No, I didn't eat all of this myself. I split it with my wife and we had leftovers.)
3	This is a 3.5 star place but again no half star system yet... hmm.Okay People - we have to agree that there are not too many (if any) authentic mexican joints in town.  Basically, they serve food that a bunch of gringos will eat... just like everyone else.  I am ok with that, too.  The food here is just fine, I would say it slightly above average amaricanized mexican food.  I can't go any further that that because their chile relleno is below average.  I will tell you why I like this place.  It is a huge restaurant with plenty of room and very comfortable for 2 or a large group.  I do like the atmosphere here to.I have been here atleast 25 times.  The service is always excellent.  When you consider the whole package; food, service, venue, price... I would say I really like this place.
3	I've been hitting Dona Maria's since they were located in a strip mall on 10th & Charleston, around 1981 or so. Over the years, they've delivered consistently decent food, with the tamales being their signature item. Nowadays I don't bother with anything other than the tamales, which I order by the dozen and take home. They're still a bargain at $20. Order the hot salsa, it's much, much better than the regular, which is bland, and watery. The hotter salsa is made with roasted chile's. It's texture and color are well balanced with a fiery kick to the palate.The service at the Cheyenne location is fair, but nothing special, or outstanding, which is why I just do the take out option these days. Obviously, they're doing something right because I keep going back after all these years. Overall, they're worth a trip because the Summerlin location is around the corner from my house, but only a 3 star place, IMHO.
4	I love Mexican food and this place delivers. From the outside it does not look like much but on the inside it is very well decorated and has super tall ceilings. They even have a tortilla making machine which might be cool for the kids.. High ratings on chips and salsa and the enchiladas. Found the tamales a bit dry. Good service.
2	I'm always on the hunt for yummy Mexican eats. Dona Maria has long had my curiosity since I love me a tamal. Restaurant.com had $10 dining certificates at a discount which provided me with the perfect excuse to give 'em a try.Dined in last night, only a few tables were dining. It was quiet and service was attentive. We asked for a hotter salsa than the one given and they came back with a delicious smoky spicy option, Chipotle, if I had to guess. It was excellent. We loved the heat. Albondigas soup followed, it was pretty good, I enjoyed the flavorful meatballs. Both entrees were combos: tamal enchilada style and beef & bean burrito, and chile relleno and cheese and chili tamal. It was fine, but highly Americanized. This gringa likes the real deal so it was a disappointment. I thought the tamales would be better since it's in the name. On it's own it was a bit bland and dry, it needed more zest. So the enchilada style went over better. I covered mine in the yummy hot salsa and it did the trick.It's not a bad option, but there is better around. 2.5 stars.
5	This is our Saturday lunch spot. The food is really good and the margaritas are killer. Please do not drink them if driving. The service is awesome. Really, no complaints. Rare for me.
1	Not far from our house so we decided to try, never again!  Ordered a mojito, which is displayed prominently on the menu.  Tasted like battery acid.  Told the server who said yea we don't have mint or lime so they don't taste great!  What?  then ordered a margarita, which was so bad I didn't even drink it.  I don't think they have a bar or a bartender think they just make stuff up where they get sodas and such.  Salsa was really bland.  chips were ok, thick which was good.  Ordered an a la carte burrito, a la carte tostada and one cheese enchilada.  Food was really bland and honestly taco bell has more taste than this place.  I guess being from L.A. I am kind of a mexican food snob but this place was horrible.  Bill was $30 way overpriced and food was disgusting.  Would never let anyone I know eat there.
4	Nice place. Good chips & salsa plus fast, efficient, and friendly service. I had the taco, enchilada, and tamal combination for lunch. Everything was cooked perfectly and presented well. I'll definitely be back for more tamales.
4	OK - let's admit it. There are just some days that require nothing more than a stiff margarita and some low-brow Americanized Mexican food.
2	Unfortunately, Chapala's was closed the day after Thanksgiving, so we ended up here as a plan B.5 stars for the $4.95 grande margarita during happy hour, which was also honored in the dining room!!! That's the one and only redeeming quality about this place.Chips and salsa: Standard, slightly greasy chips. Tomato based salsa with not much flavor or heat.Dinner: Ordered the #29 combination (taco, enchilada, rice and beans with a green salad.) Green salad: Not saying much, but best part of the meal. How can you really mess up lettuce, cheese and ranch dressing?Cheese enchilada: Overcooked tough and crispy tortilla. Enchilada sauce was blandShredded beef taco: As Clara Peller would say, "Where's the BEEF?"  Not much to this taco at all and what little meat was in there, was the consistency of baby food.Rice:  Dry and flavorlessBeans: Impossible to review, since there were only two teaspoons at most on the plate.Value for the money: Non-existent. $13 for the combo and I left hungry.The only reason I would come back here is for happy hour, then hit a Roberto's Taco Shop or Dimas Tacos afterwards!
3	The first time I went there was on a Tuesday right before closing, the food was great and the tamales were fresh and delicious.I was back in vegas, went in there for lunch and fell sick and the smell and taste of the tamales and enchilada. It wasn't the same. and they had gone up in price?I probably won't go here again unless it's for a churo :)
1	After hearing all the hype we finally decided to go and get some tamales, unfortunately we ordered a dozen (some to take home of course!) before we tried them.  While waiting for our order we were served chips and salsa and were very disappointed.  It was obvious they don't roast their ingredients and it just tasted like tomato.  My wife asked for a spicier salsa or something more authentic and they brought another but still disappointing.  The tamales and accompanying sides were also very bland and not very good.  This place reminds me of a cafeteria and the food is definitely not authentic.  Don't waste your time or money, we will not be going back.
4	Really good food and service!! Highly recommend it!!
5	Nice big restaurant.  Our server was great.  Great fresh chips and salsa.  Food was hot and delicious.  Tortillas tasted like they were made in house.
3	This place is a surprise. I was expecting a little hole in the wall fast food type restaurant and was blown away by how much space is available inside.The decor/ambiance  is typical and welcoming. The food was great and our dishes were very large. I hate leftovers but I was happy to bring some home for lunch.Just remember to ask for a small side of guacamole or you will end up with a weeks supply to take home.
3	Family & I went since  we love Mexican food. The food was average but I would rather go to Roberto's for my tacos. To us it was a one timer!
4	I stopped by on July 4th for some lunch and a margaritta. Service was fast and friendly. Margarittas were loaded with taquilla. The salsa, while heavy on the tomatoe, was also spicy. The chips were fresh and warm. My meal, a taco and tamale, went down fast. The shredded beef in the taco was soupy but full of flavor. There was a bit of guacamole on there too. That is never a bad thing. The chicken tamale was still wrapped in its husk and had no sauce. This was perfect for me. I usually scrape the sauce off a tamale anyhow. Did I mention it had a ton of chicken? Not too much massa to worry about with this one. I can see why they are famous for their tamales.
5	Love this place. Eat here once a month at least.
3	Tonight, it was late and the early dinning crowd had already left.  We sat on the bar side of the restaurant which we have never done before.  There were a few other tables and one big group also sitting on this side.  Our service was quick and friendly, we got a few of the tamales for appetizers and both ordered an entree.  The food was served quickly, hot, spicy, fresh, with good flavors.   We did have some left overs which I gladly ate the next day.  It has been a while since we enjoyed a meal here, but it's good to know it is still fresh and service is great.
1	Went to lunch today and had the sampler,very dry chicken, if that's what it was, I'm thinking it was cat, totally gross. The chip/ salsa was poor, chips were oily and the salsa was bland, had no flavor. Poor service.
1	hands down the worst Mexican food ever. the guacamole seemed like it was store bought and it was all downhill from there. the presentation was horrible and so was the food. i will never ever ever ever go there again
4	I love their chips and salsa enough it gets two stars all by itself. I have never seen this place busy, yet they have been open for a long time. I have tried there fajitas, enchiladas, tacos, and burritos.. All tasty. I'm not a fan of cacamoule so I ask for all of that stuff without. The prices are reasonable.
4	FINALLY I found a Mexican restaurant in Vegas worth a repeat visit.  I super lucked out since it's right around the corner from our house..  The place is HUGE inside and very welcoming.  The walls are hand painted murals and it's bright and airy.  We were greeted immediately upon entering and were seated within seconds.Right after that our drink orders were taken and the homemade salsa arrived with excellent chips.  YUMI actually came in to try their tamales, but when I saw mole on the menu I changed my mind and I am SO HAPPY I did.  I rate restaurants based on their Mole and this place is up there with the best I have ever had.  The chicken mole enchiladas were E X C E L L E N T.  The mole was so perfectly balanced, some chefs make it a little too bitter and this was none of that.  My writing this I realize I need to go back soon.Hubby had the fajitas burrito with changes, he added shrimp to his and deleted the beans.  He never spoke through the entire meal, I think he just made moaning sounds.. LOLOL  funny to watch.  He asked for the spiciest sauce they had and they brought out another homemade salsa that was really good.  I tasted it and although extremely spicy it had great flavor to it.  Too spicy for me, but hubby was in heaven.My only complaint is that I asked to have the rice omitted from my plate and when it came out there was a full portion of rice.  Since I didn't ask for anything to replace it I didn't mention it to the waiter, by serving it to me it was already wasted.  In their defense I ask for no rice 100% of the time in Mexican restaurants and 98% of the time it still comes out with rice.  I think the cooks are so conditioned in how a finished plate looks that they just do it automatically.On every trip we take to Vegas I have tried a few Mexican places in hopes of finding a regular hangout for us.  I can't go a week without having some really good Mexican food and now I can honestly say my mission has been accomplished.
3	For the longest time I've wanted to try Dona Marias Tamales, however I was certain that they only served tamales and little more.  When I finally browsed their online menu I was pleasantly surprised, as DMT is just down the street from me.  At this point I can only speak to the tamales and chips and salsa, but I do plan a return visit to try more.  The complimentary chips and salsa are fresh and more tasty than most competitive places, however I probably won't order the tamales again.  I was disappointed that they were lacking in the flavor department.  With tamales in the name of the restaurant, I expected them to be quite noteworthy.  Their service was very prompt and friendly, as I walked in to place my order and my tamales to-go were ready in about 10-15 minutes.
4	Good chips and salsa. Food was good and came out fast. Just a little pricey but not too bad. $3.25 margaritas for happy hour
5	It's funny.  We've been kicking off our weekends here for nearly 10 years now.  In all that time I had never tried the seafood enchiladas. Shrimp, scallops and octopus in your choice of ranchero or green sauce.  In a word...WOW.  This dish is a little more daring than the rest of their menu and well worth ordering!  Beats my usual bean tacos!
5	Dona Maria deserves an update.  I finally tried the cheese tamale cooked enchilada style, and wow is it delicious!  Every future visit will be for the sole purpose of obtaining this hot cheesy tasty goodness.
2	Very bland.
3	It was Ok. Nothing to complain about, nothing to write home about. Good food for the price.
5	My parents are regulars here and we always eat here when we visit.  Tamales are great.  Also service is great.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! The food is always excellent and the service is outstanding! I frequent this restaurant at least three times a month!
4	I have been eating here for more than 5 years. The food at Dona Maria is consistent and overall very good. There is plenty of seating and wait times are generally very short (less than 5 minutes). They make their tortillas on-site, the quality of the ingredients is better than you get in chain restaurants. The issues we have regularly are:Uncomfortable booths. Some of the booths have just aged and are no longer comfortable.Slow service when busy. When they are busy your server will often disappear for a lot longer than we would like. They do have a good bus staff so your drinks and salsa do stayed filled. But if you want to order food it can be extremely annoying.When sitting on the South side of the building the ambient noise can get very loud.If you don't mind dinner taking 75 minutes this place is fantastic.
1	Very disappointing. I ordered the chicken nachos as an appetizer, it was horrible! Most probably the worst I've ever had! My son asked for sour cream on the side with his meal and was charged $3.00! They also charge $4.50 for a cup of sopa de fideo, (an item that is free of charge at Lindo Michoacan when ordering an entree). Lastly, my husband's stomach did not agree with the food....
4	The best Mexican food in town! My husband and I have been going here for 6 years now and we are regulars. They are best known for their tamales, and rightfully so. My favorite is their chicken tamale with green sauce - so delicious! For me, the best item on their menu is the albondigas soup (meatball soup). I am a Mexican restaurant frequenter and I always order the albondigas soup. Dona Maria's is BY FAR the best in town. It's a must order. They also make their own flour tortillas (a must for authentic Mexican food) and they are great. The chips are good and the salsa is a bit "tomatoey" than what I prefer but it's still very good.The only downside (and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5) is the service can be pretty slow on a regular basis. Be ready for a minimum 45-minute meal anytime you come here to eat. But don't let that deter you, the wait is worth it!
4	Very decent Mexican food =) Loved the shrimp and crab enchiladas.
4	Fast Quick service. Great foods, Family and friendly environment
5	By far the best mexican food in Las Vegas, I've been coming here since 1998 and still go at least once a month, we get treated like family even when their slammed busy. 1 drink will put you on your ass, great service and amazing flavor. love their tamles yummm!!!
2	A friend and I were going to go to Garduno's for lunch, but when we got to Texas Station, we saw a sign that reminded her it was only open for dinner!  Total bummer.  We wanted to have some really great Mexican food for lunch but weren't sure of another good restaurant in the Northwest.  I'm still relatively new to town (as far as going out is concerned).  I was trying to install the Yelp app on my phone but it wouldn't install, and my phone died before I could find another good place nearby.  So we decided we would try Dona Maria Tamales.  The salsa seemed fresh and was really flavorful - it had a nice bit of spice to it, too.  (It always gives me a good impression when the chips and salsa are good so I was looking forward to our lunch.) I ordered the two tamale lunch (one pork with red sauce and one cheese with green chiles) and a tea.  My friend ordered the enchilada lunch with a chile relleno and a pink lemonade.  Our server was timely and polite for the most part, even though for a while during my lunch I had to wait for more tea before I was able to finish my food.Apparently there was supposed to be some sauce on my tamales?  (Is that a fact?)  Well, there wasn't any, and they tasted pretty bland.  I was disappointed because my "cheese and green chile" tamale had chicken in it and no green chiles to be found - it was literally flavorless and generally unpalatable.  The "red pork" tamale just had pork in it - where was the red sauce, filler, simmer sauce, where was "red" anything?My friend said she was less than impressed with her enchilada and chile relleno.  She let me have a bite of her chile relleno and it tasted about 20x better than my tamales - lucky her!  I ended up dumping half of the container of salsa on my tamales, and that barely helped.  The rice and beans were just standard fare - refried beans with some cheese on top and kind of tomatoey rice.  (I really don't like stewed tomato flavor anything). Anyway, if you get the tamales without the sauce, or the "green chile" cheese tamale without green chiles and some random chicken in it you didn't ask for or really enjoy, and you have the time (unfortunately today I didn't) - send 'em back if they'll let you and get something else! Maybe some of the seafood dishes here or dinner courses are better, I haven't tried them, but with our experience today, it isn't likely that either of us will return any time soon.
5	Awesome Tamales!!! And A+++++ service, would highly recommend
4	Great breakfast spot! Great Dinners! This is a family favorite!
4	Love the tamales, order them to go by the dozens. Restaurant is always too crowded and too noisy for me to dine in. Blame it on acoustics. Bothers me even when waiting to pick up my tamales....... Worth it though.
1	As a white girl with half of her family being Hipanic, I was raised on Mexican food. Sad to say, but this place was so-so......It is up the street from Mountain View Hospital, so while my sweets was in surgery, I suggested this place his family based on Yelp....I failed on this one! The tamales were DRY! The chile colarado taco was super soaked in BAD red sauce (passed it to my sister in law, she said it tasted spoiled!) Chile Relleno's, so sad that is was covered in red sauce, yet the batter was greasy, and tasted like it was fried in old oil.The only saving grace of this experience was the service, great waiter!Will I, or my family members come back? NOPE! I'll stay with Macayo's or Pepe's for the good Mexican food!
2	I went here Sunday night for dinner, I have been here a number of times throughout the years and I guess I go back because of the convenience. However, whenever I go back I just can't find myself impressed with the food or the decor, the restaurant feels like a cafeteria.  The tamales are decent, pretty good for Las Vegas. I had the two tamale combo for $11.99, including rice and beans and soup or salad. I chose the albondigas which was homemade meatballs but a bit salty. Drinks were refilled promptly and without comment as to how many ice teas were drunk, which I appreciate but just overall I think that this definitely falls into the "meh..." Category as far as the food for me. I would probably rank it more of a 2 1/2.
4	I thought the food was pretty good. The salsa was flavorful, and the nacho appetizer was good. I did not have the signature tamales, instead We ordered a bean burrito. Nothing special, but not disappointing. If I can ever figure out how to post pictures, I will. I thought it was a good value.
5	My girlfriend and I frequent here often either by ourselves or with friends. I have to say, they have the BEST CADILLAC MARGARITAS I have ever tasted. We buy them by the pitcher. Still trying to figure out how they are made. The food is good. I have had some better, some worse. Chips and salsa are yummy and the customer service has always been subperb. If you haven't tried Tamales, please do yourself a favor and stop on by. Start off with a nice Cadillac Margarita and enjoy the evening. If you have had too much, you can always go drunk shopping across the street at Target lol.
2	wow, this place was pretty blah.my fam was in town visiting family and they took us here.  they raved on the mexican at this place.started with the chips and salsa, chips were fresh and tasty, the salsa tasted fine.my uncle stated we had to try the tamales, even though i am not usually a fan.  i got the chicken enchilada/cheese tamale combo it was simply boring but the red sauce on the enchilada was good, i wish i had just gotten cheese.  the tamale was overcooked and really hard, i gave up on it real quick...i will stick to my no tamale rule.  the accompanying beans and rice were goof especially with the super spicy chipotle salsa we received when asking for something spicier.  oh yeah, it came with a choice of soup or salad, i got the salad, there was no vinaigrette so i got a really runny ranch dressing with it, one i added salsa to it, it was fine.  my dad and bro felt similarly with their meals...pretty let down.i don't really see myself returning, especially cause the next day we stopped at del taco which i thought was really good especially in comparison.our waiter was very nice, so that was a plus.
4	First time I've been a dine in customer. Normally I get the tamales in the take out fashion. But this time, I decided to experience the dine in. Dona Maria's staff is very attentive and always there. The prices are on point for the quality of food. Next time I'm trying the margaritas.
3	My parents enjoy Mexican food and when they visit us we go here now that Viva Mercados closed.Their tamales are decent, but I think the place is a little overpriced and the margaritas and rest of the food are just okay.  But I must admit I have yet to find a better Mexican restaurant in the valley.  I have many favorites in my hometown of San Diego that would blow this place away, but I am not traveling 8 hours for a Mexican dinner out.
5	Fresh and amazing flour tortilla's!  Blows away any Mexican food I've ate in a Casino.  I had the Carne Asada Platter which they subsititute a NY Strip steak instead of the thin flank steak that I'm used to.  The steak was prepared perfectly and a nice change to the norm.  The restaurant is clean and I've been there twice now. I'll definitely go back.
4	My family and I went for breakfast and I thought the breakfast menu could be a little bigger but they have what you need to be satisfied. I had the chilaquiles , my husband had menudo and my mother in law had a sweet tamale and menudo as well. We ordered tamales to go oh and we also had coffee and the coffee is the type that is cooked in a pot and spiced with cinnamon.Will be going there again!
5	Man, I just love this place. It's become my go-to comfort food over the last dozen years of coming here. Love the homemade flour tortillas, the chicken fajitas (enough for 2 or lunch the next day), the pork tamales, the tortilla soup and the margaritas. The food has always tasted the same, the staff are the same faces year after year, and -- the best part -- I am never, ever rushed when I'm here. Just sit down, relax, enjoy the complimentary chips and sip on your drink. When I need to unwind and let somebody else cook, this is my place.
3	This place id freakin HUGE! II'm telling you, huge. We went for some yummy hangover food, this did the trick. Loved the tortilla soup, for sure. It's simple, good, fast, clean, friendly. I need to go, again, and order other things, so I can give a better review. This place is huge.
2	Dona Maria Tamales Restaurant has been a local family owned business in Vegas for over 30 years. I ate here a few times growing up and didn't like it so when a friend suggested that hubby and I meet for dinner here I was hesitant, but figured why not give it another shot after so long. We were seated next to the bar (bar was dead) and service was very good. We were started off with the usual suspects... Chips & salsa. The chips were good however the salsa had no kick at all and was very sweet, almost like it was just a can of thinned tomato paste. Gross! All dinners are served with a soup or salad. I chose the "Tortilla Soup" and it actually didn't taste bad. I ordered the #29 "Taco and Enchilada" priced at $13.50 plus an additional $2.15 because I wanted carnitas in my taco. The beans and rice that accompanied my meal were either under a heat lamp for too long or reheated. The beans were crunchy and hard around the edges and the had no good flavor. The rice was pretty much the same. The green sauce on my enchilada had great flavor it was just that the enchilada itself wasn't that great. It was edible, but the tortilla was stiff. The carnitas had good flavor, but again I wasn't crazy about the tortilla. Our friend ordered the #14 "Chile Relleno and Enchilada" priced at $13.50 and they thought it was decent. Hubby ordered the #27 "Fajitas Dona Maria" (beef) priced at $14.75 and said that he's had better.I wanted to try the "Churros" priced at $5.50 for dessert. It was presented well, but all of the cinnamon sugar was on the plate not on the churros. These churros were very dry and not worth a penny. Though I have no plans to purposely come back here, I did give it 2 stars because the service really was very good and I did enjoy my soup. I believe they try hard to do something good here at Dona Maria Tamales Restaurant, it just isn't good enough for me.They claim to be knows for their "Tamales" and even though I haven't tried them here, I have heard from people that they are worth picking up. Prices are $3.95 each, $14.25 for a half dozen, and $19.25 for a dozen. They offer the following tamales:Red - pulled pork in a mild sauceGreen - shredded chicken in hot sauceCheese - monterrey jack, green chilies and onionsSweet - pineapple and raisins ($3.30 each)
2	I wasn't that crazy about this place. It is very spacious inside but they weren't very busy for dinner time. The chips and salsa brought to the table was a joke. The salsa was very sweet and thin. The chips were very hard, almost stale. The albondigas soup was the only thing worth eating. The soup had good flavor.  For dinner I tried the fajitas and the meat was tough and lacked flavor. The beans and rice that came with my fajitas was dry and crispy like it was heated up from earlier. When it came time for dessert our table shared a plate of churros. The churros were very dry and most of the cinnamon and sugar was at the bottom of the plate. Our server was good but the food wasn't. I can't see coming back.
5	I love coming here for dinner.  The food and the service is excellent and fast!  They start you off with chips and very tasty salsa.  I usually order a bowl of pozole (excellent) and pork tamales (so yummy).  Prices are very decent, everyone is very friendly, margaritas are nice and strong!  The dining area itself is huge, so there really is no wait for a table.  I believe they have happy hour from 4-6pm daily.
2	NO! NO! NO! Don't bother eating here you will regret YOUR entire meal! First comes the chips and salsa which was ok then our lunch arrived I ordered the BIG Beef Chimichanga PLATE my mom ordered the 2 Tamale Special plate and my aunt ordered the Fajitas to be safe, cause who can @!$! Up Fajitas? Right? Well after our meal got to the table and waiting 30 minutes and they weren't even busy my plate was alright bland tasting shredded beef with watery  sour cream and watery guacamole and lettuce beans and rice was meh, moms tamales (1 pork and 1 chicken) were like small 2" ok Maybe 3" small tamales which were smothered in green and red sauce which she said was nothing to write home about she's had better was dry and beans were also dry at the ends like it was dried out, my aunt had the fajitas that she thought couldn't be $&@" up ! Well it was sweet and it sizzled on her hot plate for like less then a minute which she complained thru out the entire meal how bad it was and how they messed this one up so badly by making it taste sweet. The hostess came around and asked how we liked our meals we had to be honest and asked her why the fajita was sweet she said oh cause they add pineapple and orange juice ughhh last time I checked on a AUTHINTIC fajita recipie  it doesn't call for pineapple or oj? What were they trying to create a fajita drink ala meal? Yuck way too sweet! And about the only good thing we got out of this restaurant was the staff working there everything else was just ok! We should've saw the red flags go up when we saw that the place was empty at lunch time and the majority of the people eating weren't Mexicans or Spanish. I won't be returning here ever! I'm only being honest when I say this... If you want to eat at a cheaper and AUTHINTIC Mexican outlet trust me when I say this go to ROBERTOS TACO SHOP at least there you know your getting FAST, AFFORDABLE AND GREAT AUTHINTIC FAST MEXICAN FOOD plus watch all the Mexicans / Spanish customers that go there to eat, you know it's a good place when all the Mexican/Spanish  people are eating there 24hrs a day!  My final review for this restaurant is lose the sweetness in your fajitas just make it taste normal no tweaking it with pineapple and oj and finally give more portions of rice and beans for gods sake  it's only rice and beans for crying out loud you'll be surprised how much more appealing your plates would look like with a tad more portions of beans and rice... I'm just saying...
5	I am SUPER picky... But this place is a complete win EVERY time I go. From the amazing tamales...to their fresh cocktail and the friendly wait staff, this is a MUST when I'm in the mood for mexcian food!
4	Been eating here for about ten years.No family member has ever had anything less than good. the soup is even good.
1	Nasty food. Dirty. Terrible service. They tack on random expenses like if you ask for a little more sour cream for their dry food. They forget about you and don't refill your drinks. Beware of the food. I got sick from there.
5	The Midori Margaritas are amazing! We had the carne asada tacos. They were cooked to perfection!
4	Best tamales in town very nice and moist the pork is so tender and flavorful. The salsa isn't the most flavorful but we weren't there for that so we added some salt and some lime from the beers and it fixed it right up. Already been here a few times. Always good to go on the night when they have the 2 tamale enchilada style for the special especially during happy hour! Love it!
4	The food here is very authentic. I love the amount of food they give you! Price may be a tad more pricey. For the portion size and quality, it is well worth it. Only thing is, if you order to go, at times the wait is long.
5	If you ask, they will bring salsa that is spicier than what comes standard. It is very good. Three ablondigas is a great starter.
4	I'm a huge fan of Dona Maria, they never let me down! The food is great and the atmosphere is casual. Theres never a long wait for food and the wait staff is tops. There are always plenty of people around to help serve you. I don't venture far into mexican cuisine and tend to order the same selections. I would recommend the chile rellenos and the enchiladas. I have yet to try their namesake tamales. I would steer clear of the burritos has they tend to be on the dry/boring side for mexican food.
5	Great tamales. I had a wonderful lunch.
5	Was referred by a friend because I was looking for some good tamales to have for Christmas dinner.  So this was my 1st time going here.  I ordered 2 dozen tamales.  I got a dozen pork and 6 cheese 6 of the other flavor they have but I cant remember what it was at the moment...chicken & green sauce I think??   The cheese ones were ok ...too much cheese for me.  The chicken & green sauce were very yummy but my fav was the pork tamales.  I will be getting tamales from here every Christmas from now on.   Would like to dine in and try some of their other food.
4	I went for lunch and was a bit worried as I walked in. Not ever been here and good authentic Mexican food is hard to find. I ordered a beef tamale and chicken enchilada plate. The tamale was very good soft masa and not skimpy on the meat. The enchilada had good flavor too. The rice was a bit bland. Salsa has a little kick would label it medium but the chips needed salt. The margarita was good and strong. My boyfriend ordered a bowl of pozole and it was very good. Very good flavor and spicy and the pork was very tender. Service here was good and friendly. I would come back here again.
1	The kids were starving and wanted some Mexican food, and we were right there, so we decided to give Dona Maria another try. We could have gone to Roberto's and been much, much happier.I have no idea has this place has any favorable ratings. We ordered four entrees and none of them were any good at all. I hate to be brutal here, but it just plain sucked. The one bright spot would be the abondigas soup that was ok. Green enchiladas, chicken mole, even the arroz y frijoles weren't any good. My wife is never a complainer about food, but she couldn't even eat the green enchiladas with chicken. The green sauce was way too salty and the chicken was overcooked to the point of being cat food.I am a huge supporter of family businesses, but I would advise you to steer clear of this place.
2	Something here has really changed. I have always liked Dona Marias. But I have been here twice in the past few weeks and the food is different. I used to love the Shrimp and Octopus cocktail but my last two visits it has not been what it used to be. I had a chili rellano and taco today and both had what seemed to be more of a catsup based sauce than before. The taco was in a hard  "taco bell" type shell. Very disappointed.
5	Great food and  excellent service  got our food fast people here are very polite and very clean there tamales are great they give u free chips and Salas which is great not to hot. I defiantly will be back with my family and will recommend them to everyone.
5	I can't comment on any of the food really because I only ever get the nachos. They are phenomenal. My husband and I get a small nacho with carne asada and strawberry margaritas. The service is always awesome and the nachos never disappoint. I bring friends and family from out of town all the time and always after we leave they tell me hands down best nachos ever. I have been going here for 14 years now and will continue to be a loyal customer.
3	I don't know...Maybe I've been spoiled by a couple of better Mexican places. When I first moved here, I went to this place because it was really close to my house, and I remember thinking, "Wow! This is great and so close by. I can eat here 5 times per week."But recently I re-visited, and came to the conclusion that this place is on the pricy side, (especially for lunch.)It is the most expensive Mexican place that I've been to since I've lived here, but keep in mind that I've only been to 4 or 5.The atmosphere is good, the service is good, the food isn't bad.But the bottom line...The food just isn't worth the price.Sorry.
2	This wasn't bad, but far from the best Mexican food that I have had.You will note that when you drive in, the place is called the Dona Maria Center. This is because the center is owned by the good folks that founded the restaurant. There in lies the problem.The restaurant was so successful, that it forgot its roots. I ordered a special Tamale, Chile Relano, and Shredded Beef Taco. I ordered Ala carte, so as to get what I want and skip the rice and beans.The Tamale was good, Chile Relano was fair, and Shredded Beef Taco, maybe a cut above Del Taco, but lacked authenticity. Agree with my fellow reviewer that chips and salsa were not really good.Mira V. is right that Service was slow, and once again, I think we were paying for the owner's real estate investment. I lived nearby for ten years before I tried this place. Now I know why, and no return visit. Overpriced, very Gringo. Find a hole in the wall. Save money and get a better meal.
3	I have been coming here for years and the few things that have yet to change is the decor, seating, and spiked margaritas. Sadly when I visited this last time, I noticed their tortillas had shrank, the red sauce is darker, and the chicken don't really taste like chicken. I still love their side dinner salads though. And hands down some of the most flavorful and strongest margaritas in town. Which I love. The service is great and the atmosphere is relaxing with old mariachis playing in the background. Definitely a good spot for family gatherings :)
5	best Mexican food in las vegas and the service is outstanding!! highly recommend!!!!
4	Best carnitas ever!  I could eat those everyday.  Go try them as soon as you can.  Restaurant is clean and the service is good but the carnitas will knock your socks off.
1	Let me preface with saying that my husband and I have been coming here since 2009 and have always loved it. Tonight made us decide to never go again.  My husband ordered a burrito and when he noticed they gave him the wrong order, we had to tell another waiter because our waiter never bothered to look at us. When he got his burrito, he was almost half way through when he noticed a long black hair in it. When the waiter finally came around and we told him,  he literally said,  "That's odd. No one in the kitchen had hair like that."  He never once apologized.  When we got to the counter,  the lady was really nice and apologized. She asked if the waiter took my husband's order off the bill and was surprised when we said no. My husband even joked when he sent his order back saying how they'd do something to his food.  I guess he was right.  :( Looks like I'll never be going there again. Go to the one downtown instead if you want good service.  It's the original anyways.
4	I have eaten here 2 times. The tamales are incredibly consist ant. The beef ones are good and super moist, they didn't use enough guarjillo chiles in the beef mariade in my humble opinion. .. The cheese ta males however are next level amazing! Seriously! Super cheesy with great sauce and always juicy.The prices are weird. They charge too much for some things like a single tamale. On the other hand they only charge 22$ for a dozen though. Its 4 something for 1 by the way. I recommend getting a dozen and getting all of them cheese except for 1. Get the sweet one for dessert. Yum.
2	How this place gets almost 5 stars is beyond me. The Salsa is basically tomato paste and sauce. The chips are store-bought the guacamole is  taste frozen. The octopus and shrimp cocktail is actually really good but the nachos was the worst ever. Lacking any life as a nacho!The beans and rice looked old and tasted stale. Really a poor effort in the kitchen to be maintaining any freshness and standards.
3	Service was very slow last night. Took a long time to pay the bill. Food was OK. When the cashier asked me how everything was, I told her. She apologized,  said they had some people problems, gave us our drinks for free. She showed she cared. We will come back later some time.
3	The food is average. Nothing horrible but nothing outstanding. I had the carne asada salad. Most people wouldn't complain about getting mostly steak in the salad but it was all steak, onions and bell peppers in a crunchy tortilla bowl. Not really a salad to me. The carne asada was pretty tasty though. The free chips and salsa were pretty good.
5	Steak Fajitas are super delicious.  So much flavor.  Also good seafood enchilada, except for the use of fake crab.  The nicest waiter assistants I've ever encountered!  Really good red sauce for the enchiladas, but you can choose from several sauces.  They are very open to modifying dishes for those who can't eat certain things.  It's a big restaurant with a nice open welcoming feel.
5	GREAT FOOD!!! and amazing service :) yum yum yum
4	We eat at Tamales almost once per week.  My husband thinks they have the best fajitas in town.  They put a glaze on them that he loves and says they have so much flavor.  There tamales are so moist and flavorful.  I love their chile rellanos.  Their rice and beans are good.  The meatball soup is awesome.  Their cadallac margaritas are great and so are the fruit flavored and they don't skimp on the alcohol!  The staff is always nice and friendly.  I do think they could spruce up the atomosphere a bit.  Add some speciality or house items to the menu and give you a couple different homemade salsas and beans with chips and it would be perfect!!
3	Drinks were good, me and wifey had margaritas.  The service was fast and the food was pretty good. I do believe the timely service and friendly attitudes out shined the food.
4	Mexican food is gr8.  Tamales are the best.  Margaritas are OK.  Seafood enchiladas, Chile rellanos, tacos and shredded beef burritos are my favorites.  Service and ambience are good.  Good Mexican breakfast and cinnamon coffee.  Good for business lunch.
2	It's been a couple years since we've been here.  Immediately seated & given warm chips & salsa.  Ordered the night's special: 2 pork tamales enchilada style = smothered in red sauce. Wife ordered 2 tamales (1 chicken 1 cheese). Both combo plates came with salad, rice & beans. Pork tamales filling was dry. Wife said chicken with green chili sauce too hot for her. Her original margarita so thick straw stood up by itself & frosted over. My mango margarita was ehhh. Remember having better there. It was just OK.
5	We are giving this restaurant 5 Stars and our server Eloy 5 stars! He was incredibly helpful and pleasant. Mango margaritas here are the bomb!
4	I love the food here. I've been eating here for years. The fajitas are delicious,  so are the nachos, tacos and burritos. The atmosphere is very laid back
1	Worst place ever. How can a Mexican feel so out of place at a Mexican restaurant? Food was awful. Chile verde was cold and tasted from a can, chiminga was a hard greasy tortilla full of "meat"?  The waiter ignored us the whole time while he attended to other "white" guest. Our "movie nite" got cancelled because we had to run home because we got shits. Never going back again!
1	Gringo Tourist Food.This is the kind of ethnic food where the people working there must be laughing behind our backs that we are actually eating this slop.The "salsa" is mostly just canned tomatoes.The tamales were so bland that only a heathy dose of Tapatio could bale them out.In this stingy joint you have to ask for hot sauce since none is on the table.The stringy beef and pork had all the flavor cooked out of it.The rice was of course dried out and the beans forgettable.The crunchy tacos came on a shell that's exactly the same as the ones in the yellow Old El Paso taco kit.With so many wonderful and authentic Mexican restaurants that celebrate the heritage of that country it's a crime to eat here.
4	I missed mexican food since i'm from california, always pass by this place coz i live on Cheyanne and surprisingly enough i like it alot. i would go back...the tamales are no joke. its prolly just as good as that one lady who sells them after church rite when you get out for like a dollar except Dona Maria sells them for much more. its worth it though. i would suggest buying in bulk though since its cheaper than buying it individually.  Had a 2 item plate, pork tamale and 2 cheese enchiladas with beans and rice and an horchata...have to have the horchata, chips and salsa are complimentary.  very mexican decor overall...if you gotta a hankerin for some decent mexcian food and not robertos status then have this place. its delicious!
3	Nice food. Terrific murals. It's worth coming here justice to see the paintings. Service was extremely slow. Get the the tamales to go.
1	It amazes me that this place gets anything over one star.  Maybe this is California Mexican, but it is not Texas border Mexican.  We picked up tamales for a birthday party.  Ordered 2 dozen.  Received only one dozed packed in a plastic bag all mashed together.  A mess.  Called and they redid the order.  Still a mess - sweet tamales packed with chicken and cheese.  Really?  No pride in how they were sent out.  Tamales were tasteless and greasy.  HUGE disappointment.  And $$$!  $24 for a dozen.  Sent home salsa and chips in the bag - salsa tasted like Ragu and chips were greasy and again, no flavor.  This is NOT authentic Mexican - don't waste your time here.  There are many other places in town to eat good Mexican, and if you are in a rush, you'll get more flavor and authenticity at El Pollo Loco or Taco Bell.  Yes, it was that bad!
2	I wanted to like this place, but they charged me $4 extra for a side of rice.  And this is not any kind of special rice - just the same kind they have at Roberto's for $1.
4	Have been here several times and have done take out a few times as well. This place is known for their Tamales and that's the best thing here by far. Always moist with good proportion of masa and filling. My favorites are the Pork. The rest of their food is OK, above average Mexican fare.
