5	If you're looking for an authentic Thai food experience, this is the place to go. The decor is not "fancy" like some of the trendier Thai places, however the food is amazing. The ingredients are extremely fresh. The prices are very reasonable. Portions are generous. The service is very friendly. Parking is very easy, esp. in the evening.This restaurant is by far my favourite Thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.
5	if only every thai place was this good. huge portions for take-out, amazing rolls, wonderful stir-fries and curries. plus we placed a huge take-out order and it came completely accurate, with each dish labeled. a rare treat.
5	They make great vegetarian Thai food - they do tofu right!
5	Family-owned and operated, the ambiance is much better than down the street at Thai Cuisine. But the dishes are still quite good for a family restaurant and they can also make things REALLY spicy.
5	I am so glad I checked this place out!  My faith in Pittsburgh's ethnic food restaurants has been restored and I'm not even kidding.  I hate always bringing up the fact that I'm from the West Coast and I've had good ethnic food, but it's such a bummer when I try to eat out in Pittsburgh and I'm so disappointed.  Luckily it did not happen this time.  First off, the decor and ambiance were great.  The restaurant was clean, well-lit, non-pretentious and even had cloth napkins!  The menu was extensive and they had plenty of vegetarian options.  My friend and I ordered the tofu spring rolls as an appetizer.  They were very tasty and fresh.  For dinner we ordered a couple of curries and we weren't disappointed.  The sauces were creamy, slightly sweet, slightly spicy and totally delicious.  The portions are HUGE and we both ate way too much.  We had no complaints about the service either.  Overall, I would recommend this place to everyone...even my fellow West Coast emigrants.  Come here with an appetite because you'll need it!
4	I was a little skeptical off all of the 5 star reviews, but I don't think I set the bar too high for my first visit to Thai Gourmet.  The service was good and the food was good.  It was my first experience with lemongrass soup, which unfortunately isn't my thing, but I was looking forward to my pad kee mow, which was tasty and spicy.  I went with the 4 stars instead of the typical 5 because it didn't make my list of favorite Thai food.  I will be sure to check it out again and make sure my review still applies.  The lunch specials have a decent variety and the dishes are reasonable, so I'll be here again sometime.
4	When I visit the burgh' THIS is the place to eat for a Thai food fix. Tasty spring rolls, 'just right spice' curries and Tom Ka Soups are great.Great service to boot.Tip: There are two Thai restaurants on the same street, yes-- go here, it is not as fancy.. BUT.. is the better tasting food.
5	we have only gotten take-out here, but we always get the pad thai (amazing) and the red curry (so great).  and fast!  give them a ring then leave the house (2 miles) to pick it up.  always ready and hot.
5	i've tried them all and this is the best thai food in town. the prices are reasonable considering that splitting an appetizer and an entree between 2 people is more than enough, otherwise, you've got your late night leftovers.lunchtime there is the best deal around. i'm not a vegetarian, but i always get the tofu option when i eat here. the lunch starts you off (price included) with lemongrass or wonton soup and a springroll with sambal(?) (a spicier, more delicious version of duck sauce). i've never bothered with the wonton, because the lemongrass soup is flavorful with a definite kick to it.if you're not too adventurous with thai food, the general tso is pretty delicious, but you might as well try something new. the curries are always spiced how you want them, unlike the lemongrass cafe's downtown, and their noodle dishes are awesome. my personal favorite is the pad kee mow. whoever decided to cook with lemongrass is a total genius.at dinnertime, the green papaya  salad is delicious. shredded green papaya, chunks of shrimp, and a peanut sambal sauce. the appetizer sampler platter is great for sharing. hopefully, you'll still have room for the main course.the service is friendly, casual, and all family as far as i can tell, unlike thai cuisine up the street. the decor is fresh, cute, and a little bit campy though sometimes there's a musak soundtrack on featuring simplified james blunt and celine dion. strange as that may sound, it enhances the experience.
4	Very solid Thai food - better than most that I've had.  Service is okay, and the food is excellent.  I had curry, which was among the best I've ever had, and they've got one of my Thai favorites: green papaya salad.  (Someone please let me know if this isn't actually Thai.  I never had it when I was there, but I love it.  Even if General Tso's chicken isn't Chinese, I like it, too.)  Price is good, too.  With appetizers and two entrees, two people will get out of here for around $25.  The decor's a little odd: it's a converted lunch counter with some plants and Thai tchotchkies added in.
5	A small family place with great food. They have huge portions. Highly recomended.
3	Thai food is one of the easiest to make ethnic foods at your home and have it taste fairly authentic. So I generally rate Thai restaurants on how does their dish they make compare to how I have had in Thailand and how I make it at home. While the food at Thai Gourmet is edible, although greasy, my companion agreed that I could make better dishes than this. Now that does not constitute a put-down or I'm trying to say that the food sucked - it didn't it was good. (It's really hard to make Thai food poorly IMHO) However, as another poster said, they seem to know they have strong competition down the street where you get incredible food so they are trying to win on the portion size and value while the quality is not quite there.Take the 3 star rating for what's it worth, the food is OK but there are much better places to go.
4	This is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh.  However, don't venture off the beaten path.  I normally get the Pad Thai or Pad Siew dishes and they're awesome (with generous portion) but the last time I went I got Thai Fish Cakes, Thai somoza, and a basil noodle dish and I did not enjoy anything.  Keep it mainstream and you will be fine.  Don't order anything too unfamiliar.
3	I like family owned authentic restaurants just like the next Yelper, but I'm not sure why this restaurant gets five stars. Sure, the portions are huge (our chicken stay  appetizer had six large pieces: probably close to a whole chicken breast) but there's more to a restaurant than that. I ordered the chicken Pad Kee Mow (per their menu: stirred flat noodle with chili, bell peppers, snow peas, basil leaves, tomatoes with brown sauce). It was spicy and it was plentiful. My friend ordered the Pad See Ew (Stirred fried big flat rice noodle with egg. broccoli, and chicken in sweet light soy sauce). Both were fine, but definitely not close to the best thai I've ever tasted. We had two full take-home boxes.One star knocked off for the service. The waitresses (one which was the restaurant owners' daughter i'm sure) could not even smile, and rushed us to finish our appetizers so that they could bring the main dishes to us. They repeatedly tried to our plates away as we were still "working on them" and seemed annoyed about it.Would I go again? Sure, but only for take out. huge portions, decent prices, so-so service.Note: the menu is available here: http://www.campusfood.com/restaurant.asp?campusid=15&mlid=32690
4	Great lunch deal... $6-$8 for soup, spring roll and meal. Can't beat that. Panang curry was delicious! Only complaint was downstairs where the bathroom is was kind of smelly.
3	This restaurant has decent Thai food. When I was there, I could smell the laundromat next door. Laundry detergent and Thai food smells do not go well together.  My husband works near this restaurant and goes there all the time. He loves it. maybe I just have a sensitive nose.
5	Awesome food, great service and great people. I don't usually write reviews but I am a big foodie and love this place. Some dishes are as good as food in Thailand
5	Delicious Thai cuisine.   I've been here twice with colleagues for lunch and highly recommend this place.  I would definitely come here more if it were closer to where I work.  Don't be deterred by the tacky sign in front--it's all about the food.  Every dish I've had here has been great so far.   You can specify the spiciness of your dishes as well.  Wonton soup ($3.00): warm, soft wontons with chicken and shrimp in chicken broth.  Tom Yum Chicken ($3.00): lemongrass, mushrooms, chili, and lime juice.  It's a Thai soup definitely worth a try.  Cashew Nuts chicken ($8.95): chicken, onions, carrots, bell peppers, water chestnuts, snow peas, and roasted chili paste.  This is more of a Chinese dish.  It's delicious nonetheless.  Red curry ($8.95): roasted duck, tomatoes, bell peppers, basil leaves and pineapple in a coconut curry sauce.  Very delicious curry that goes great with rice.   Basil Leaves Chicken ($8.95): chicken, onions, bell peppers, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, garlic & chili.  Outstanding blend of spices with vegetables and chicken.  Be sure to pay for parking!  My colleague's meter ran out by about 15 minutes, and he got a ticket.
4	Great value!! Food is excellent and prices are cheap!!Love their red curry!!!This and Bangkok balcony are my favorite Thai places in the burgh!
4	my favorite thai place in pittsburgh, i've been here quite a few times but i always order the same dish, the pumpkin curry is good, i hear the duck curry is amazing.  This place is a really relaxed kitschy thai restaurant with eclectic decor and good food.
4	We had some delicious take-out from Thai Gourmet last Saturday night.  We placed the order by phone, and then left almost immediately to pick it up.  The food was ready when we got there about 15 minutes later.  The prices were pretty good, and since you get such large portions, your money goes a long way.The food was still hot when we got it home (yay!) so we immediately dug in.  First was our appetizer, the Hoi Jo - sort of a deep fried appetizer made of crabmeat, ground pork, and spices.  Sweet plum sauce accompanied it.  This appetizer was really tasty, a bit dry but the plum sauce really livened it up.  My boyfriend had the panang curry with chicken, which he really enjoyed.  I tasted it briefly and agreed it was very good, better quality than lots of other Thai we've had.  I got the Chiang Mai Me, which I'd never heard of but ended up being a great choice!  It was long egg noodles covered in a wonderful yellow curry sauce.  I got it with tofu, which was cut into long strips instead of cubes, and was also a little dry so I'd recommend maybe trying chicken or another meat instead.  Nonetheless, the curry sauce was excellent and abundant, and made glorious leftovers.  They also threw in fortune cookies AND these two super-moist brownies!  They were probably just made from a box mix, but still - it was awesome to have a surprise dessert.I think we'd definitely order from here again.  It was above average, though not hugely so.  But our first impression was very good, and it's a very welcome change from all the Chinese food in our neighborhood.
5	The best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh.  It's always the little hole in the wall places that have the best food!  The staff were great, serivce was very fast.  We got Pad Thai, Pineapple yellow curry fried rice, red curry and green curry, all of which were AMAZING.  I used to go to Thai Cuisine, but I like this place much better.  Can't wait to go back!  Also BYOB with no corking fee...can it get better?!
5	In short, Thai Gourmet has fantastically flavorful food for a good price (for what you get). Others here have said it more eloquently than I, so I'm just here to echo their sentiments.The take-out portions are very generous and have definitely supplied me with plentiful leftovers. One of my personal favorites is the Tom Kar soup as I'm a big fan of coconut milk, but nothing I've eaten from Thai Gourmet has disappointed me. It's absolutely some of the best Thai food I have ever had, and is highly recommended.
5	Definitely a front runner for best Thai in my book. Of course I got the Pumpkin Tofu Curry. If you have read any of my other reviews  you may notice that's all I get at Thai restaurants. It's not because I'm afraid to try anything else - it's that it is SO good to me that I would regret not getting it ever. But I have a little thing going here - maybe someday I will be the Pumpkin Tofu Curry expert.Anyway, this was my 3rd time eating here. The first time we got takeout and were so pleased with everything. The second time we ate-in and had a great experience as well, so we went back 5 days later. (OK, we might be addicts.) Last night when we went we both got the Fresh tofu spring rolls to start and each got the pumpkin curry. The spring rolls were large, fresh and delicious. The dipping sauce was perfection. I ordered tofu as usual, Forest ordered chicken. We both stepped up the spice level to a 7. It was perfect. The tofu here is the best I've had: generous portions, great texture. The pumpkin was perfect and they also add carrots, peas and peppers to the mix. The spice level was good for me - a little heat, but not overwhelming.The staff is awesome - super sweet and friendly. They replenish rice as soon as it looks like your getting low, and service is really fast. I love this place. It is my current fave. My only beef is that they don't have brown rice as an option - but honestly it doesn't matter because they're that good.
4	Graciously large portions, amazing bang for your buck (especially for the lunch specials) and when you say 6 on the 'spicy scale' be prepared to take a fire punch to your taste buds. For a dreary day, the cacti and abundance of flora in the window almost make it feel 'tropical' inside. I adored the cultural nic nacs in every corner. It's a regular stop on my trips to the 'Burgh and the area has fun new shops springing up for some after lunch shopping! (Like BoomBox!)
3	We went to Thai Gourmet on a Friday night after we had tried to go to the Bloomfield Bridge Tavern across the street and they were closed for a private party!  Bummer!  Anyway, the overall experience at Thai Gourmet was very positive.   I ordered the crispy Spring rolls, Spicy Coconut chicken soup and Panang chicken curry.   The Spring rolls and soup were excellent and the curry was good, but not the best I have every had.  Don't get me wrong, I would go here again in a heartbeat, but this wasn't as good as some that I've had in the past.  The service was excellent and the prices were very reasonable.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	tom yum soup = awesome (cures both jetlag & a cold).  good service.  good as takeout.  BYOB.
5	Traveling in the area, we looked to Yelp of course for a suggestion. Yelp, you did good for this restaurant!We had the egg rolls (fried spring roll), chicken satay and Tom Kar soup as appetizers. I have to say the soup was wonderful! Have to agree with Amy H, the pad thai is now a front runner for my favorites. The portion was very large, so definitely go family style next time to share  among the group.Definitely going to return when I'm back in town. Yummy!
4	Two words, Yellow Curry! So super tasty and fabulous! I
5	Hands down, this is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. I've been eating here regularly for six years now, and I've tried nearly 75% of the menu. Everything has been delicious, but of course I have my favorites: panang curry, the "sweet and sours," of course the pad thai, and the pineapple fried rice. The soups are wonderful too. Everything always tastes very fresh--never too greasy--and the service is generally friendly and fast. Assuming it's not too crowded, most entrees arrive within 10 minutes! The Thai Iced Tea is always refreshing, even if it's occasionally on the sweet side for my taste. I usually skip dessert, but when I do order, the tapioca pudding is excellent. Prices are very reasonable (around $10-12 per entree for dinner) and portions are generous. I've often taken my leftovers home and had enough for *two* additional meals! The lunch menu is a real bargain too. There's nothing pretentious or "fake" about this place: just good food, moderately priced, and served with a smile.
5	This is my favorite thai Place in Pittsburgh. I love curries pretty much everywhere and this place is no exception. Perhaps, not the most exquisite curry but they give you such generously sized portions. They don't skip on the meat. They also keep on refilling your rice. When I asked to take the remaining curry and rice home, the waitressoffered to give a fresh box to go. The staff is nice.TLDR;  you're getting your moneys worth here.
5	Great prices for the portions, absolutely delicious food, and a wonderful family-owned atmosphere.
4	Thai Gourmet is a very cute, family-owned restaurant. There's lots of decorations throughout the restaurant but it's not gaudy. Overall a nice, clean space. Service is friendly and very, very fast!Food is pretty good. I've gotten take-out a couple times and been pretty satisfied each time. The Panang curry has a nice flavor and pad thai is pretty good. Portions are pretty large. Overall, I'm quite happy to order from this restaurant.
5	This may be my favorite restaurant I have ever been to. Not really because of the food. It was pretty good. I had the pumpkin curry. It was good. The atmosphere of the restaurant was just so pleasant and a welcome departure from the Polish joint across the street. I think I am going to stop my elitist beliefs on Polish people. I think that I am most at home at a place like this. It was nice and quiet. Awesome decorations including some Thai General or some kind of military figure. There was a cartoon of a boy and girl with folded hands that appeared to be in love. I was giving up on the entire concept of pair bonding and love until I saw that adorable picture. The atmosphere of Thai Gourmet was so grounded and peaceful. A complete juxtaposition with that weird bar next door. I am glad that they didn't serve alcohol at this restaurant. I am really starting to get pissed off at alcohol and all the evil it encourages, creates and perpetuates. This place had so many cute special touches that made it a unique restaurant. That is what I love about supporting family owned and operated places and not chains. It made me think about the place across the street that was being filmed for Restaurant Impossible. All he does is come into a place that has created their own version of what their restaurant should be and destroys that vision. He changes it to what society as a whole deems as beautiful and acceptable. I think it should be the other way around. As it is in Thai Gourmet.
4	The Pad Thai measuring stick I use for all Thai places didn't stack up too high for this place (3/5 stars), but the red curry and chicken satay made up for it.  I have to admit I have a soft spot for coconut milk, making the red curry one of my favorite items at this place.  The peanut butter sauce served with the chicken satay is also very yummy.
4	Great place. Very high price/quality and quantity ratio. There are better/fancier places but if you want a decently=priced dinner, this is your place. My favorite dish is the thai fish cakes: they are an appetizer but are very filling. Papaya salad good too. And the pumpkin curry. I find their noodle dishes are not their best, nor is the sweet and sour dishes.
3	I'm gonna put it right out there.  The best Pad Thai I've ever had is at Spice Island in Oakland.  So whenever I go to a Thai restaurant, I have to compare it!  Please don't give me a hard time for ordering Pad Thai at every Thai place I go:)  IF I end up going somewhere twice, I promise I'll order something different...(kinda promise, okay?).So...I ordered the Pad Thai.  It was okay, but nothing special.  I prefer my Pad Thai to have a rich peanut sauce and the sauce was pretty sparse on this one.  It did have plenty of sprouts, which is a plus for me though!  I also liked that the meal included soup (wonton or lemongrass) and an egg roll.  Love the extra perks!Service was nice and quick with the total bill around $10 for everything, including the Jasmine tea I ordered.  I like a cheap meal, I just want a little more sauce!
4	Delicious food (I recommend the Chang Mai noodles) and the friendliest staff. Huge portions too!
3	Thai Gourmet is a bomb spot for lunch. $6 and some change gets you a spring roll, cup of soup and an entree large enough to fill your gut three times over (note, no lunch deal on weekends). I always skip the soup (I think it's disgusting). When you do that, they give you two spring rolls (yes!). The spring rolls are usually cold and relatively hollow, but I kind-of love them anyway. The Nam Prik is my favorite entree choice, though it is among the least healthy of things I am willing to eat in this world. Greasy tempura and loads of delicious tofu served with an ultra rich spicy peanutty sauce and a sad pale side salad. The portion size is seriously gigantic. Other decent entree choices I've tried include Japanese Eggplant and the Pad Kee Mao. I usually leave here feeling like I am going to explode, with leftovers enough to revive that sensation two more times.They *seem to be fully understanding of the vegan concept when I ask for no egg and no fish sauce. For dinner, or on a Saturday, you pay more money for less food, meh. Spice level of 10 is not as scary as it should be.
4	This place is fantastic, byob, reasonable prices.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but it is very cozy inside.  I highly recommend it to anyone who loves thai.
3	Yes!  Another BYOB in the city! This spot has recently under went a much needed spruce up.  We sat in the back (purple) room for a larger party for my friends bday.  The space was a bit tight but the staff with friendly even though we were kinda in their way the whole night. I am a sucker for green curry.  Its normally the only thing I ever get at thai restaurants.  I am by no means a thai expert but possibly a green curry expert.  I am like bummed because I am 99.9% sure I order shrimp but I got chicken and was too hungry to care.  It was delish tho! I also like that I can talk myself into the dish being mildly healthy because I can get brown rice. ha. Pros: Affordable. BYOB. Friendly service. Great flavors. Cons: Parking can be a pain.  The restaurant is tight. Got the wrong food- kinda, but it was still good. haha. Overall:  I will be back!
4	Dat curry!I've been eating here probably too often ha. If you get the right things on the menu, (it never hurts to have a fob friend) you'll have a good time. And if any restaurant will trick me into eating a salad it's this one. Any salad with mango or beef is ok with me. All the curries are crazy good and their lunch is a spectacular $7 and can totally be halved with a friend or leftovers saved for dinner.
1	1 star for not being open at 10:30pm for a pick-up order on a Saturday night of all nights, despite an 11pm closing time as stated on Yelp.
4	One of the best Thai restaurants in Pittsburgh. Delicious food and friendly service at a reasonable price.
5	This is my go-to place for thai food. The food is consistently good.The service is super fast. The price is very reasonable.The portions are huge.What more to say? I've recommended this place to everyone I know.
4	This is a nice little BYOB in Pittsburgh.  They have table service even though it seems more of a place to go and pick up something.  I had the tofu curry which was awesome.  I liked how you can pick how spicy you want it to be on a scale of 1-10.  I got a 6 and it was plenty spicy!
5	My favorite Thai restaurant in town. Love the green and red curry and the nam prik.
4	Thai gourmet was the first place I ate the day I moved to Pittsburgh. Delightful, awesome currys. I have a thai problem, wherein I eat thai at least once a week. This place assists with my addiction. I am a thai addict and I am not ashamed to admit it. Thai gourmet is within walking distance to my house and this place is seriously a frequent stop in my week. I think this place is like a step above thai cuisine, certainly there is something aesthetically more appealing about the interior that is a step above TC. This place is a bit further for me to walk, but I am willing, because the food and ambience are great.I'm a bit panang fan here. I pretty exclusively eat currys at thai places. and TG is awesome. they also carry crab rangoon which I'm a sucker for also.
1	They don't deliver!!
5	Wonderful food and service, very reasonably priced. My favorites are the pineapple curry, masaman curry, and noodle dishes. Everything is good and served in large portions. If you are lucky, they often throw in a dessert with your take out order! In my opinion, Thai Gourmet serves the best Thai food in PGH (certainly the best in Bloomfield)!
3	Out of 5:2.5 - Pad See Ew: slightly dry, could use more flavor, but still enjoyable, especially when adding some spice.3.0 - Pad Kee Mow3.5 - Nam Prik: thick curry, the way I like it.  Though I must've gotten it without nuts last time, since I'm allergic.
1	oh dear... The only good dish we had was the appetizer, a deep-fried roll made of shrimp (or fish?) with pork and a sour-sweet sauce. Not bad at all.The remainder varied from ok to awful. Guess you want to know about the awful? The red curry with chicken. When chicken tastes like it has been washed in detergent, one of two things has to be true... It has been washed in detergent ... or it has not, but just tastes like! Either way, that's not good. The sauce was watery, not creamy at all, the veggies (peas and carrots) were very likely taken from a frozen pack (pre-cut). A sorry sight. and the unpleasant taste in my mouth lasted for some time after we left the restaurant.The pasta dish was better, but not terrific. Oh, one noteworthy feature about the place: it seems to be a magnet for Pittsburgh's hipsters. For some, this will be a plus, others may be less into hipsters sighting...
5	The best.  Drunken Noodles are delicious.  In fact, I'm going there right now to get some.
5	This is my fav thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Compared to what I have tried so far, They have the most authentic thai food here, even better than the Thai Cuisine next door. I like most of their dishes (curries, noodles, soup), didn't try many appetizers though. Love all sorts of spicy noodles there! Pad thai is the best! Duck curry is also yummy. Be cautious, don't try 7 or above, because it can be really HOT!
4	So this is not the best Thai food I have ever eaten. It is still great, though! I came here for lunch and got curry, with lemongrass soup and a spring roll. For the cheap price, the portion and quality was great! Because it happens to share a street with Thai Cuisine, there are inevitable comparisons. I've eaten at both places but I've been to TC more times and have tried a greater variety of dishes. They're both good options, but I prefer Thai Gourmet's curry to that of Thai Cuisine, which always seemed far too watery. Plus, TG has that cheap lunch special. Definitely worth checking out.
5	I've been coming here for years and every meal I've ordered has been excellent. The environment is relaxed and the service is always honest and friendly.
5	Love!!  I always get the curries and their amazing!  Always the right spiciness and good ratio of meat/veggies/broth.  Their servings are generous, too!  I like the customer service too...  I always get take out and sometimes they throw in goodies in extra goodies in my bag :)  One of my staples for sure!
4	I'm not sure I have ever met a Thai dish I didn't like so perhaps I'm not the most unbiased reviewer here, but Thai Gourmet is one of those places that makes me salivate just thinking about it.This small little joint gives a hole-in-the-wall impression from the outside, but inside everything feels very crisp and clean.  There is a little bit of an art explosion on the walls, but I consider it a plus to get to muse about the various scenes, random portraits, etc. while enjoying my meal.  Everything I have ordered from here has always been fresh and a HUGE plus in my book is that they are incredibly consistent with their spiciness levels.  I can handle heat but nothing too extreme and I usually order a "6" here, but my boyfriend sometimes convinces me to kick it up a notch to a "7".  Neither is overwhelming, but I can almost never finish my entire meal and have learned that the heat grows as the food sits and a "7" makes for some mouth-numbing leftovers.My current favorite dish on their menu is the baby bok choy in garlic sauce with shrimp, but I really think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  This particular dish is cooked to perfection... the bok choy leaves wilt just the right amount and soak up the sauce while the stem stays a bit "al dente" to create texture.  It is served with a healthy portion of shrimp and if memory serves me correctly fits the bill at around $10.  To be honest I have never paid attention to the price because 1) whatever they charged I would be willing to pay for it and 2) I'm always amazed at how little the total cost is when I have a full second portion to take home with me.If you order takeout, they also include a delectable little brownie to go with each entree.  My ONLY gripe with them is that they sometimes go on extended vacations (like right now, for example... tried to go there last week and saw that they are closed until the end of August).  I know, everyone deserves a vacation.  But maybe they could give me some warning so I can order up a full freezer's worth of food before they go???
4	The best Thai food in PGH, love the red curry, I ordered a 9 degree hot red curry, but it was not so spicy to me. But the food is good.
4	I love this restaurant because of its price, not too expensive, and it has some dishes that are quite similar to real Thai food in my hometown in Thailand. There are Moo Yang and papaya salad. Also if you want to try some other dishes besides curry, I recommend Todd Mun, Lotus Salad, tilapia sweet chili sauce, Nam prik.
4	I love this place! Great value. Closed 2:30-4pm though,  at present this isn't reflected in their hours on yelp. I eat curries, fried rice, drunken noodles, love it all... I've never really had a bad dish here.
3	I hang out in Bloomfield quite a bit, but I had never heard of this place until a friend mentioned it to me and I went searching for it. Turns out I had been walking by it for weeks without noticing since the exterior is pretty plain and you can't really look through the window with all the plants and neon signage in the way. Or perhaps I'm just too short to properly peer in, but I think it has more to do with the former. Regardless, the exterior and interior are nothing fancy.Based on my friend's rave review of the restaurant, I had high expectations but ended up finding a lot to be lacking. First off, the waitress didn't ask anyone at our table for our desired spice levels. There was not even an offer of hot sauce or a spice rack to enhance our dishes, but then again, I didn't speak up and ask for one. I just found it strange considering we had ordered Pad Thai and curries. Secondly, the food wasn't as flavorful as I expected and the noodles in my Pad Thai were a little underdone.The other odd thing about our experience was the vegetarian option. Or should I say options? They offer vegetables OR tofu. The waitress was very confused when my friends asked for both in their entrees. Luckily, after some explaining, my friends received half and half. It's not necessarily a negative, but we had just assumed offering these options together was the norm. But you know what happens when you assume...Rather than be a Debbie-downer, I'll end with the positives of our experience. The food arrived at our table quickly. The portions are quite large and the prices are also slightly cheaper then other competing Thai restaurants nearby.
3	I must agree with Monique and say that for this review I wish we could give half stars- because this place would be a 3.5 for me. Alas, that's not how the game works, so I have to fall on the side of 3 rather than 4. The primary reason for the 3 star is simply because I've had better Thai food in Pittsburgh. Second, I (like others have said) have hardly tasted Thai food I haven't liked, so I control my Thai food bias by using the metric of comparison to other Thai joints. Nonetheless, this is a nice place to sit and enjoy some well made food in a place that has a bunch of character. I've eaten here many times with friends, and I definitely prefer this place over Thai Cuisine right down the street. These guys do a mean curry, and the staff have always been very friendly to me. I'd recommend that people stop in if they're in the area and looking for good Thai.
5	My partner and I have been coming here for years.  We also bring friends along who are either Thai food lovers or just adventurous.  The atmosphere is eclectic and the crowds are casual.  The staff is personable, cheerful and smiling.  They are willing to make suggestions as well as modify a dish to your liking.  The spice scale goes from non-existent at 0 to a scorching 10.The food is fresh, individually made, service is quick and server attentiveness is just right.   Water is always filled, extra rice is not a problem and I have seen many of the same customers in there for years now.  The Todd munn is a favorite; crisp and hot patties of whitefish, chili and green bean fried to perfection. Fresh rolls are fresh egg roll wrappers filled with rice, basil, carrot, and your choice of shrimp or tofu...both worth trying with the wonderful dipping sauce. The array of curries is excellent, especially the Mussuman. The noodle dishes are great with your choice of meat or sea food.   If you can't find something to enjoy at Thai Gourmet, then you really do not like Thai food.
5	The BEST Thai food in Pittsburgh and my husband would argue that it's the best food in general. We order the same meals every time and the staff knows us very well. Perfect dinner spot!
5	Greatest tasting Tom Yum (lemongrass soup) in Pittsburgh hands down.  Many of their curries including "Garlic" are really good, as is the Massamun, and they have these neat samosa dumplings that remind you of India!  Very nice family, they have a monk son who sometimes shows up wearing his orange robes straight from the Far East!  Awesome "clean hole in the wall" feel and recently remodeled.
4	This place is so tiny you might never notice it tucked into a tiny storefront on Liberty. But sometimes those hidden spots are hidden gems, and this is seriously one of those places.I worried when I tried to call in our order and got a message that the mailbox was not in service. After double and triple checking the number, I actually thought the place must have gone out of business, except there were reviews from just a week or two ago. I decided to walk over and check it out, and am glad I did. The place was pretty busy for a random Sunday evening, but the take out was made quickly, and was some of the best Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh. The peanut sauce with the summer rolls was everything I wanted it to be, my partner's prik noodles were awesome, and my red curry was fiery and delicious. This place will take your heat requests seriously - order a ten at your own (and your intestines') risk. We'll definitely return.
5	When it comes to Thai food, I'm pretty boring. Nine times out of ten at a Thai restaurant, I'll order the same thing -- prik khing chicken. It's a fairly basic chicken with veggie dish, but the sauce is really what makes it sing. So I judge all Thai restaurants by how well they make this dish. And Thai Gourmet wins. The veggies are cooked to a crisp perfection, they are generous with the chicken, and the sauce is super flavorful and spicy without being too oily -- just how I like it.Speaking of spicy, another reason that I like this place is that they aren't afraid to use a real 1-10 spicy scale instead of the "wimpy person" spicy scale. I've been to other Thai restaurants (I'm looking at you, Thai Place) where I'd order a 10 and it would barely tickle my tongue. Not so with Thai Gourmet! They mean business with their spice. I can handle my heat, and for me a 7 to 8 on their scale really gets the ol' sweat glands going. And I love that!Lastly, the portions at this place are HUGE. A dinner order of the prik khing chicken (or pad thai or anything else there) is easily enough for two meals. And considering that the entrees are reasonably priced (around $10-13 bucks for dinner), I think this is a great value. Also, when you get your food to take out, they sometimes include a little dessert for free (brownie or tapioca pudding).The only thing I don't like about this place is that you can't sub brown rice for white. This is one of the only Thai places I've been to that doesn't serve brown rice. So much for trying to add a little fiber to my meal. Ah well, still delicious and still 5 stars!
5	I feel comfortable eating here. The they made a mistake one time and served me the wrong dish. But I didn't really care because the waitress was cute and the food was still amazing. ;)
4	First time eating at a Thai place--success! I had the thai fried rice and my fiance had the pad thai. Both were hot and delicious. We had plenty of leftovers to have a couple more meals out of it too! It's small, but they have places to sit and our server was very attentive.
5	If you order something spicy here, it comes spicy. The pumpkin curry is interesting and definitely worth a shot. Staff is very friendly and funny. They'll play with your baby while you eat.
5	By far my favorite Thai place in Pittsburgh. Great food. Great prices. Also sometimes for take outs, they throw in a dessert, which is always a pleasant treat.
5	This is quite simply the best Thai food in Pittsburgh.  I have been to all the other Thai joints in the city, and this one is the best.  The food is consistently good and cheaper than many of the other places.  The curries are nicely done.  The pad Thai is excellent (although I prefer the pad see ew).  Tom Kar soup is awesome.  Service is prompt, friendly, and efficient.  The ambiance may be a little lacking, but the food more than makes up for it.  Almost forgot to mention that it is BYOB.
5	Thai Gourmet gets better with every visit. The restaurant has several amazing items on its menu that you won't find at other Thai restaurants.On my last visit, I ordered mo palo, sweet and savory braised pork short ribs, and nam prik, rice noodles served with fresh lettuce and carrots with a thick curry.The mo palo dish reminds me of Hawaiian shoyu chicken. The sauce is brothy, probably made from a mixture of soy sauce, sugar and other herbs. It is served with cooked egg (ramen style) and is delightful over rice! This was one of the best dishes I have had here at Thai Gourmet.The nam prik was also delicious. You get 4 neatly arranged rice noodles twisted into balls. The noodles are really well complimented by the fresh vegetables and curry with which it was served. This was a great dish!Explore Thai Gourmet's menu and don't be afraid to try new items. You won't be disappointed!
4	This is one our regular take out places after a long day at work. My favorite dish is the basil chicken. It can get rather spicy so I usually get a '3'.The basil chicken is very flavorful and comes with white rice. It can easily be made into 2 meals and is very reasonable at ~$10. Their Kee Mao is also good.When I'm in the mood, I'll get their spring rolls which aren't too heavy but still filling. Their chicken satay is a good 'healthier' option but not as flavorful or filling as one might like!Ask for chili garlic sauce on the side if you want an extra kick. The staff is also very friendly and always greets you with a smile on their face.
3	I really used to like Thai gourmet, however after my latest takeout, I feel as if the quality has diminished. I ordered spicy basil with chicken and it was just chunks of chicken with some onions and a few peppers thrown in. I expected many more vegetables as was the case when I had previously ordered a few months ago. Also, the taste was odd and did smell like the spicy basil that I was used to from here, but rather a strong smell of cooked chicken. I will definitely give Thai gourmet another chance, as they may have been having an off day, but I was rather dissatisfied.
