4	If you haven't had boba (a.k.a bubble tea, a.k.a. pearl tea), this place is a great intro.The black chewy tapioca balls sucked through extra large straw are oddly addictive...and so are the super delicious iced tea.   The tea here come in a multitude of variety and combo...my fav is green jasmine honey milk tea with boba...take that Starbucks
5	Boba tea is my favorite addiction, and this is by far my favorite place in AZ to get it. I travel from downtown Phoenix regularly just to get my fix, and on my way I pass several other options that don't even compare. There are a lot of great flavors to choose from at The Boba Tea House, but I would suggest the standard "boba tea with boba". Don't be freaked out by the tapioca at the bottom. It's sort of an acquired taste, but once you get into it, it's a beautiful and obsession.
5	My first experience with Boba left me unsure, but now I am a die-hard fan.It is a great experience of texture and flavor and something you have to try to understand, explaining it just sounds weird.This place is quaint and friendly, with a great variety of drinks and interesting appetizers, both meat and vegetarian. They have something for everyone, even if you are not adventurous enough to try the boba.There are tables and soft, comfy couches to hang out and wait or enjoy whatever you order.
4	After reading the wonderful reviews of this place, I decided to stop in to get my fix instead of the little Vietnamese place in the corner of Lee Lees.  I tossed my grocery bags in the car,  Grabbed my $4 and hiked across the parking lot to Boba Tea House.Last time I drove by Boba Tea House, the place was packed.  Not true of this visit.  It was so empty the place echoed.  It's a cute place.  I like the couches, and they have a couple of lappies on a table at the side for people to use.  I am going to assume it is free because while I was there, a guy popped in, used a laptop, and left.  Either he's a regular and has an account, or it was free because i didn't see him pull out a card to credit to use it.The Orange and Green wall menu has all the milk teas, slushes, snows and other beverages divided into categories.  Most are named for exactly what they are.  A couple are named for appearance.... like sunset, but not enough to confuse anyone.  There is also a section for snacks that has tasty tidbits that are perfectly sized for sharing.  I noticed coconut shrimp, and a few other little fried things.I decided to have a coconut slush.  It was good, but it was not as good as I thought it would be.  It was a little bitter, and a was not blended as well as I have had in other places.  The snack I chose for lunch was the really delightful surprise.  I came for the boba, but now I am hooked on their calamari.  I have NEVER had fresher or more tender calamari.  It was absolutely perfect.  I'm always cautious about it too because most places overcook it til it is about the same texture as a bicycle inner tube.... this was delicious.  I had it medium spicy, which was MY mistake.  Next time I will order my calamari spiced mild.  It's a good thing I got coconut boba to cool my taste buds after each bite.
5	This is my comfort drink. You could cut this cut this little gem out of Chandler and pluck it anywhere in SF or San Jose and it would hold its own against any other boba place there! They have the traditional flavors like almond, and more "exotic" options such as lychee. Slushees teas and juices...they have a fairly good selection of concoctions. No, it's not as extensive as shops in Oakland's Chinatown, but hell, this is *Chandler* and A LOT better than I'd expected to find nine months ago! Now...the true test of a boba house - the quality of its tapioca! Some places have pearls that are too mushy, some don't cook em quite long enough and end up soft on the outside but too firm on the inside, leaving you a tooth-sticking mess while chewing (try not to smile during). Boba Tea House has near-perfect pearls. Not too soft (you can still use them as missiles should you choose as they do not stick to the straw), not too hard (your jaw won't ache). As the pearls are my favorite part of boba teas, this fact alone earns them five stars in my book! The first time I went here I'd lived in Gilbert for about 3 months. I was a bit depressed because school is all-consuming, and I was really homesick for SF food. I wasn't expecting much. After popping the plastic cap with my over-sized straw and taking that oh-so-satisfying first suck 'n' chew, my eyes teared and I knew I'd eventually find my gastronomic place here.All hail Boba Tea House!
5	Simply awesome.  The drinks are good and the boba is fantastic.  Boba Tea House has a huge variety of flavors available - everything from the simple (mango, peach, thai tea, etc.) to the more exotic (taro, lychee, jackfruit, red bean, and others).  Be warned that some of the more exotic flavors are pretty weird by American standards, and if you don't know what you're getting yourself into, you might not be happy with your drink.  That said, everything I've had here has been good, and it's always made quickly without much wait at all.  They do have punch-cards if you go here often, and you'll get a free drink for every 9 drinks you purchase.Screw going to Starbucks for a crapuccino - I'll stick with boba tea.
5	all i can say is... its hard to mess up a Boba shop :)  this place is really good, they have so many selections and also some small dishes like fish balls (YUM), french fries and lots of other finger foods.  also if u like import cars, just show up there before closing and you'll see all the fast and the furious wanna be's park their ride in front of the place.
3	Friendly service.  $4 calamari app is fair enough- you may indicate how spicy you want it, but be sure to eat them quickly or they get rubbery :(   The milk tea constituent of the boba milk tea is quite tasty!
3	Since this place is next to Lee Lee market, I decided to give it a try.  If you want really good boba, go to The Street right next to Hodori in Mesa.  *Decor = very cute.  Reminded me of typical L.A. boba place.*Boba = little hard, not flavorful*Milk tea = powdery...not gonna try again.*Slush = very sweet
4	I really like this place. My favorites are the coconut and ginger milk teas with Boba of course. I have never eaten the food, so I can't say anything about that. While I was waiting for my drink I did notice that they sell whole avocados for $3.50 each! Next door at Lee Lee they are $0.89. At least they are making a good profit! :)
4	I like that they have a huge variety of drinks. So many that I never can decide and end up in a panic and ordering the same thing every time. The red bean slush is so good and they put a scoop of the red bean on top. I don't get the boba in it since it is a slush and it makes the boba hard if you dont drink it fast. This is my favorite spot to go to when on this side of town. I'll even skip the boba at Lee's when im getting my sandwich for this place.
5	wow, i just tried the mocha cappuccino blended boba.  one of the best flavors ever!  you can definitely taste the mocha chocolate!
4	I'm hooked. After google searching and then seeing the Yelp rating, I decided to stop by Boba Tea House this weekend.The couchs are comfortable, the TVs were tuned to something decent to watch while we waited for our order and the staff was pleasant.I ordered the Green Apple Tea and my friend had some type of fruit slush boba. Both were delicious and had perfect density boba (not too chewy, not too soft). We did not try the food, but I may go back and give it a go after reading more details about the previous reviews.Make note that there is a $5 minimum if you plan to use your debit card and that a regular size (there are two sizes) boba is not $5+.
4	I've seen this place for a long time and even it is almost around the corner today I've tried it. Good variety!!! many options and a good price. I had a lavender milk tea with boba and it was GOOD!The place has a nice decoration and service is good. The only thing against? the boba at The Street tastes better (For me at least). But that won't stop me having some flowerlicius teas!!
5	This place rocks! I go to a lot of boba places around the valley and this one is one of my favorites! What gets my 5 stars is the CHEAP PRICE and the MANY FLAVOR SELECTIONS TO CHOOSE FROM! A nice little area to wait while your drinks are being made. Flat screen TV, music and friendly staff. Also, this place doesn't just sell you boba drinks... but they offer small plated food as well and it's pretty good for the price too! A must stop after grocery shopping at Lee Lee Market in that same plaza. My usual flavor of boba tea: taro with boba & lychee bits, or just the honeydew with boba too, of course!
5	I live right down the road from this place and never have been in before until today. My first experience with BOBA was in San Francisco in 2002.  Ill admit that the first time i tried it i was really taken aback. Well fast forward to today, me and a coworker were having lunch at lee's sandwiches across the street and i told her about this place.  Me with my very lame description, She had no idea what i was talking about.  I forgot what the BOBA balls were made of. Well today after lunch i said we should go over to the Boba Tea House and give it a whirl.  We ordered a iced coffee and BOBA, only thing that was kinda annoying was having to pay cash. They do not accept cards if it is under 5 bucks.  But i can get over that.  Now to the description, and ill be honest i really enjoyed the iced coffee the drink was made pretty decently, this is no sour tasting coffee.  The drink it reminded me of 2003 all over again, seeing my surprised coworkers face after drinking her first drink of BOBA.  After a long discussion about how weird it was, but a fun drink. I think we will be back again in the near future . I know i will be with my wife and daughter!this would be a fun place if your just hanging out and want a cold drink, especially here in the desert.  Or if you are on a date or in high school.
2	Did not like the Boba here. It was too mushy, my iced almond milk tea was warm even with the ice. The tofu snack was bland and the sauce was ketchup and sweet. The tofu snack was also very soft. The blueberry snow also sucked, according to my fiance. The best thing about this place was that it was cheaper than any boba place I've been to in California.
4	Good boba shop located in the asian market in Chandler. They have a host of different boba flavors, with the option of having tapioca boba or jelly boba. They offer it as boba tea or the blended form kind of like an asian frappuccino. I'm a fan of the taro, its smooth, and its purple.The food selection isn't bad either, I've only had the chicken potstickers and it was tasty.The place is pretty small, most people go in and out for their boba fix.
4	There is something black in my drink! oh wait that is just Boba.If you have never experienced Boba you may not be too apatized based on the description. Boba is black flavorless tapioca pearls in some kind of drink, often a tea or milk mixed with juice. I often opt for the exotic fruit milk teas like lychee or passion fruit to avoid the caffeine. The cup is  hermetically sealed and you are give a extremely girthy straw to drink it with. The straw is think enough to accommodate Boba beads going up it. It is not for every one, but it is unique, fun and relatively cheap. This place has a few sofas, a fish tank and a computer for the Internet. However I usually take my drink and go to the adjacent Asian supermarket and marvel at the unique and strange food items as I enjoy my drink.Some times there are special drinks, I once had a avocado smoothie sans boba, and no it was not just guacamole with a straw. It was surprisingly good and sweet.Give it a try, or two as it is a unique change from the usual cofee shop.
4	Sometimes when I'm craving a boba tea... I stop by the Boba Tea House by Lee Lee grocery. Unlike other places that sell boba this is the place to be because of its large selection! Upon walking in to the establishment, you realize how it has this contemporary modern feel to it with the flat screen tv and couches. To the left are three large menu boards with more than 50 boba tea drinks, slushes, smoothies, and hot teas. Interesting menu items such as the volcano, sunrise and so forth, and staple flavors like taro, pineapple, strawberry, then they have durian, and lychee. Apart from boba drinks they also have snack items like fries, calamari, wings, potstickers etc. Prices are cheap and the overall product is good. So, if you have a hankering for some boba and are in the Lee Lee complex, stop by, coz it's worth it!
5	I love, love, love this place! Best treat before and after a good work out or  a 'make you feel good' treat!
4	oh how i love this place let me count the ways.to start off i must mention this is no where near as good as my tapioca express and quickly back in the bay area that is for damn sure.yes i do happen to love this place for their almond milk tea, lavendar milk tea, coconut taro, and coconut almond, oh and of course the thai milk tea. yummmmmmy!  being limited to boba place really sucks so this is the best in the east valley that i have been too and i think ive been to every location in the east valley that has boba.  thank god for their punch cards. im just waiting for the day til the accept credit cards under $5. i always have to buy two but when im hungry i dont need that much to fill me up. :)
3	I'm from San Jose, so it's almost unfair for me to rate this boba. But I'm gonna do it anyway. Boba in San Jose/Cupertino is a-plenty. Literally, there's a boba shop on every frickin' corner. And it's my lifeline. Loves it!So when I told the Boyfriend that I was disappointed in Phoenix's lack of boba, he ruffed up his feathers and said, Let's go to Chandler!He brought me here on the recommendation of his friends and I happily ordered the Jasmine milk tea with boba.Actually, I was pleasantly surprised. While this totally doesn't compare to San Jose/Cupertino boba, it holds its own. It has the distinct milk tea flavors and the boba was a nice chewy consistency. I'd go again, if I had a boba craving in Phoenix. And the Boyfriend was willing to drive me to Chandler.
4	Good choice for bubble tea if you are looking for a cool beverage after shopping at nearby Lee Lee Market.  The milk teas are refreshing and have a good selection to choose from.  My taro almond milk tea was not too sweet, which is a big plus since it's very easy to over-sugar the drink.  The selection of jellies and tapioca is not as wide as the menu states, because they didn't carry the almond jellies I requested that were on the menu.  Instead, they have mini tapioca, regular tapioca, lychee jelly, green (apple?) jelly, and mixed rainbow jelly.  They also have some snack foods available to go with your drink, which I'd like to try out next time I'm there.Oh and the aquarium there is really nice.  Lots of happy saltwater fishies!
4	I love their boba tea.  I get the black milk tea with large boba.  Almost all the time, the boba are fresh.  A lot of these places mess up the boba, and when it's messed up it's nastyy!  They have lots of weird and different flavors, but I always get the same thing...I'm boring, I guess :)Watch out for crazy asians who can't drive in the parking lot! Waaaaleeee!
3	I was really hoping they would have sesame milk, but I didn't see it on the menu so I ordered a boba milk tea today before shopping at Lee Lee. It was good, but there wasn't much boba. I tried the popcorn chicken on a past visit and it was OK. I ordered it extra spicy and it was mild at best. Also, it didn't have enough fried basil and the chicken wasn't crispy enough. A huge star deducted for lack of AC or not having it on high enough.They had a large fan blowing, but it wasn't enough for the middle of an Arizona summer.
4	I enjoy a cup of Boba every now and then.  Back in college it was an up and coming hot thing.  So Starbucks vs. Boba was a daily debate.  Boba Tea House - wow what an original name!  Yeahhhhh...... As usual my boba selection was off the charts?  Why so much flavor man?  I only and always get the Thai Tea with Boba....might as well call it "Bo's" Ba ... :)  Service was easy going and I get my tea the way I want it.  However, what's up with the A/C?  They have fans blowing left and right?  Does making Boba take that much power that you have to switch off the A/C? or does the salt water tank with the fish need to be at a certain temp?  They have a leather couch, but no thanks I like the skin on my legs where they are.  Not sure what's up, but I bet all their workers can't wait till the winter season - enjoy!
5	I love this place and my 2yr old daughter loves it evem more~ I've tried the slushy drinks to the teas and really like them all. Their boba is always cooked well and atmosphere is great, although it is sometimes a little warm in there (feel bad for the girls that work there!). The snacks are quite good too. If it's on the way to where we're going, we never pass it by!
4	Pretty good! The Boba wasn't my favorite, but the tea was very tasty and made specifically as I asked. I like the milk teas best. My friend had the slushy version and she said it was pretty good too. The staff was fast and the atmosphere of the place was clean and lively! Nice place!
3	Not a big fan of the Boba Tea House by Lee Lee. I like their decor, very hip. However, their milk tea mix was not that great. It felt like basic sugared water. I've had better ones over in Lollicup or Quickly in LA. It's a pretty busy location as it is next to Lee Lee's, but unfortunately they definitely aren't quite there yet with the competition.
2	2 stars for the stupid kids who work here. I'm pretty desperate for boba when i'm in Arizona since I don't have the luxury of having a boba place in every freakin corner like i do back home....... so i might will be back, but i'll make sure to make my order crystal clear to the kids who work here.So I went in a couple weeks ago, and this girl working the register is totally staring into space as i'm ordering. Now it's like a million degrees outside so I'm definitely craving something cool and refreshing, nothing milky. I tell this girl... "I want two jasmine green teas". I made sure to make myself clear.... i did NOT say jasmine MILK tea, i said jasmine green tea since this has happened to me at this location before.When my drinks are done, the teenage boy yells "2 jasmine milk teas". OMG. Did i not make myself clear??? SO i explain to this boy, i wanted jasmine green teas, i didn't order a milk tea. And he gives me the craziest look and says " sooooooo you just want green tea?" So i repeated myself and he says " soooooo you don't want milk?" YES CHILD, THAT'S WHAT I SAID! Do you not make that here? Omg I never had an issue ordering a jasmine green tea back home with workers who could barely speak english!!! I was so annoyed.I took my teas since i had already created so much confusion behind the counter. Ugh, i must find another boba place in this state!
4	In love with their fried calamari's
4	Ohhh boba, how I crave thee like a ho' craves crack. I have been on a boba kick lately and even more since I have discovered is the various gels/jellies that are also available to mix into these wonderful drinks and smoothies. On this trip I decided on a Thai Tea slush with regular boba (they also have micro-boba) and Peach Snow (more of a smoothy) with mixed jellies (they come in various flavors). The thai tea was from a mix that had non-dairy creamer instead of milk but it was tasty and the boba cooked to perfection. The Peach Snow that I had saved for later was very tasty, and the mixed jellies were fun and chewy, but not as chewy as the boba, which I also like. Reminds me a lot of pieces of nata de coco (Philippine specialty that is cut into bite sized cubes and I love to eat straight out of the package/jar with chopsticks). This will be a regular stop when I find myself in the area or after shopping at Lee Lee.
3	So living in Scottsdale (or phoenix for that matter) I don't have a lot of choices when it comes to Boba, but this place is definitely as good as it gets in this city.  How I miss Tapioca Express in San Diego (yumm).  Well righting this review has got me craving a Chocolate Snow Bubble w/ baby Boba, but I will have to wait until the weekend.  I like to make my way over there on Sat morning.
4	Best BOBA eva! Enough said.
4	I still love this place.Big fish tank, free internet kiosk, a couch, and of course a wide boba selection.I am a food adventure and I like odd flavors, however I met my match. The red bean milk tea was just too odd for me. It tasted like one mixed ice cream with old bowl of chili beans. The texture was just off, and just thinking about it brings back a weak stomach.Go for a any thing you think would be in a drink milk juice, like strawberry or coffee and it will be good. Don't forget to get boba in it otherwise why did you even come? The soft squishy tapioca bads ad a fun texture contract to a drink. They are a bit softer than gummy bears and have no real flavor.
5	Love me some Boba Tea House. The girls working here are always nice and full of energy and the selection of teas is incredible. I always get the Almond Milk Tea with Boba and it's a great rush of sugar if you don't feel like downing a stomach sized cup of Starbucks to get your rush. It's not that expensive compared to a lot of Boba places around town, and the taste is great.
4	I really like the boba here. They have an extensive menu, full of different boba flavors and different ways to get it. I like my taro and getting taro is usually my way to judge a boba place. The taro here wasn't too sweet and had enough of the taro flavor to make it yummy. The place also had nice little snack foods like fries and calamari, which aren't bad. I make it a point in stopping by here when I get a boba craving.
5	Whatever you do, DO NOT under any circumstances try BOBA TEA.  You will instantly become addicted and then end up craving it like a pregnant lady craves mud and pickles.  Pregnant ladies are weird.  For the uninitiated,  Boba Tea is various types of teas, slushes or milk drinks that you can have them put these little tapioca balls into.  They are about the size of a pea and they taste kinda sweet and are chewy.  They serve two purposes as far as I can tell.  To shoot up your straw at light speed and cause you to foolishly choke in front of your hot lady date or to turn the boring ho-hum activity of drinking into a fun filled game of hide and go seek with your straw.  Now I usually get one of two drinks, the Black Honey Tea with boba or the Ginger Milk drink with boba as well.  Both are awesome in their own respect.  The Black tea is very light and thirst quenching and the Ginger Milk is creamy, sweet with the throat burning effects only ginger can give.  My only complaint, and this is solely directed at my own inability to jam that straw through the top of the cup.  I am instantly transported back to the days of youth soccer wherein I was the only kid too stupid to jam that straw through the top of a caprisun.  At least this time I don't share my shame with a bunch of jocks but instead get snickered at by the Asians as I jam that silly large straw through the top and splash tea all over my school clothes.
5	This place is one of my favorites it is so good! I would love to drink boba tea every day if I could. There is only one location I know about  and it is kind of far from me but I am glad they are still in business every time I go they seem busy.I love the taro-almond milk slush. The big black tapioca balls are the best but so is the royal milk slush and the lychee. It's hard to choose my favorite since everything they have is so good. It's so nice that they seal it up for you too so you can take some home and refrigerate a drink for later.  The people working here are always nice and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone. :)
5	Boba Tea House is one of the few tea/boba joints in AZ.  It is in the shopping plaza where Lee Lee Market is at on the corner of Warner and Dobson.  Boba Tea House is about a 20 minute commute from my place, but I try to make a visit at least once a month.  I am used to having at least 5 boba locations within most cities in Southern and Northern California.  My favorite flavor is almond milk tea, and I use the natural tea taste with the mixture of almond flavor to see quality of the boba drink.  You can taste the natural tea flavor and the sweetness of the almond is not overpowering the tea taste.  I like that they have other add-ons such as Lychee.  The location is pretty cool like a small cafe with modern decor.  I have spent time just chilling at their couch and the music is not too loud for a good conversation.
4	Can't say anything about the snacks here as I haven't eaten anything here. All I get here is the mocha boba slush. And boy, is it delicious! It's become a Saturday/ Sunday ritual for me to go to Lee Lee's and then stop here for mocha. I do agree with some of the other reviewers about the counter people, though. They're not quite there. If they paid a little more attention to customers when they were placing orders and managed to look a little more interested in what they do, it would be awesome! I also agree that the place is LOUD. What with the TV, screaming kids and the RRRRR of the grinder crushing ice....I'm better off slurping my boba in my car. They do have a bunch of magazines at a bar like counter right at the entrance. So if you have a pair of noise-cancelling earphones, you're pretty much good to go. Good location though....right near Lee's (heavenly) sandwiches and Lee  Lee's groceries. A slice of heaven for an Asian expat!
2	Hmm, this place is hit and miss.  The first time or two that I went to Boba Tea House I was pretty pleased with it but... guess I was getting lucky.  I've noticed in my last visits that sometimes, the boba is soggy and the tea weak.  One time, I blamed it on the late hour but I don't go late very often.  I started asking for 'light ice' in my tea because you never know if it's going to be weak or not but, after this last trip, I think I'll just find another place to get my boba fix. I really can't stand mushy smushy tapioca pearls! It's too bad since it's close to my house and a nice place to sit and visit with a friend.  I like the aquarium and couches that they have...Prolly won't see ya there.
5	I love you boba tea house! After living in Arizona for the past year I have definitely been deprived of a quality cup of boba tea.. This place is very similar to tea houses that I frequent back home in the Bay Area and it definitely put a smile on my face.. I ordered a cup of black tea (sweetened) with tapioca pearls for $2.82.. While the price is a little higher than what I normally pay it was worth it because Tucson lacks an establishment that sells a proper cup of this stuff.. The pearls were alright but I prefer them to taste a bit sweeter (like honey), and the tea wasn't anything special.. It kinda tasted like a variation of McDonalds sweet tea.. It wasn't bad but it wasn't as good as the black tea that I get back home.. My friend ordered the lavendar milk tea and while I was hesitant to try it, it turned out to be very tasty! I am the type of person to stick with what I know is good so I rarely stray from my usual order.. I'm glad that my friend is more willing to try different flavors because it allowed me to opportunity to discover that I love the lavendar milk tea! Next time I'm in the area I will think about switching up my routine [:
4	So good! Exactly what I have been looking for! I drove about 12 miles just to get the boba tea. I love the "slush" I typically get Mango, Passion fruit or peach flavor. The staff was nice and the place was clean. What more do you need
5	Awesome service, great drinks, really good snacks!
4	My first taste of boba was at an Asian market out in the West Valley.  Since that time I've found a few places closer to me that offer boba.  Boba Tea House is my favorite.They offer a wide variety of flavors and most can be mixed.  I don't venture into paths unknown with my drinks and always grab a lychee snow with boba.  I've been impressed with each visit.  The only draw back is that I don't feel comfortable hanging out there.  If you're over 18 you will most likely be the oldest person in the joint.  Typically I drop by for a boba after shopping at the market next door and bail when my drink is ready.  I imagine it makes a good hangout place for a younger crowd.The crowd won't deter me.  I will continue going to Boba Tea House for all my boba needs.
5	I love boba drinks but hate the word "boba". I always feel like an ape when I say that word.  Anyways.There was a period where I use to drink this stuff at least 3 times a week when I was living in San Francisco, so when I say I love something, I really do (or is it more like a creepy obsession?) So! When I found a boba place here I got excited, especially when I saw that they had green milk tea.I can't vouch for all of their drinks, as I've only tried the green milk tea and avocado snow, but every time I have ordered them they have been super good.
4	Love boba tea house cause they will redo your drink if you don't like it! Sometimes the service is really good and sometimes they look like they hate u. Overall their drinks are yummy I like their flavored teas. But their boba is flavorless so I usually get the jellies. I wish the place was bigger so there's more seating cuz it's usually busy. Also the snacks are good and the owner is super friendly!
5	I love boba tea house..their snacks and drinks are yummy :)
5	thhheee best Boba place i have yet to find here in the valley! Enormous amount of flavors and possibilities are endless if you get creative and mix some flavors... you can get it in milk tea form, slush or snow. Also i like that besides Boba they offer the little jelly things as well. they do have a couple snacks to grub on but the drinks are what dominate.love it here just love it. I stumbled upon it by accident and i fell in love. You know what they say ...love happens when you are least expecting it and not looking for it. :)
3	drinks are super cheap here but it's only great depending on who makes it. If you don't like it, they will redo it for you. I suggest you get their teas because their boba is kinda chewy and rubbery.  They have a loyalty card. If you buy 9 drinks, you get one free. remember to have them stamp that shiz. Don't ever come here on Wednesdays! Parking's a biottchhh. If you can make it past Lee Lee's supermarket without being crushed by asian drivers,be prepared for what's next. this is AZ's ABB central. Beware those asian boys with their cars. they will stare you down and steal all the parking spaces available :)  As to the atmosphere, its clean and very well groomed.  overall, ok.
4	The price was actually pretty good here. My girlfriend and I live in Flagstaff and we both have been craving boba for so long. We were happy because when we walked in, we saw a bunch of asian kids hanging out in there and we thought that we may have hit the jackpot. Thats how you know a boba place is good, when there are a bunch of asian teens just hanging out hahaI liked my green honey milk tea a lot. Its what I am use to drinking in San Jose and I thought it was right on. My girlfriend got a passion fruit drink, I have definitely have had better. Her drink was just waay to sweet and got unbearable to the point where she didn't even finish it. I felt bad because it was a disappointment to her after going so long without boba. I personally would come back here just for the milk tea, and maybe try some of their popcorn chicken, love those!I wish Arizona had a Tap x
5	Okay, I have only had boba in two places... here and at Republic Ramen but this place was far superior.The boba is soft and the perfect texture.  The smoothies are yummy!  I liked every flavor I tried except the rainbow one... to sugary.. more for a little kid.  The almond milk tea was also really good.This is now my new addiction.  Wish I had found this place years ago.
4	I stopped in here for work purposed and went ahead and tried and Boba Tea.  I had never had one before but I was pleasantly surprised.  I don't know what flavor I had because I asked for whatever was good.  This is a cool little spot with bright colors and friendly staff.  I would defiantly stop by here again if I am in the area :)
4	Yummy Boba tea, great slush drinks, and cute servers. What's not to love? Well, it can get a little expensive for a college student, but prices are comparable to Starbucks ;) Go get some Boba!
3	This place is ok. The girls behind the counter are about as friendly as an iceberg...they don't ever smile! Boba drinks are ok and prices are reasonable. It will satisfy your craving for the time being. I always get the Passion Fruit Slush with Boba.Seems to be a hang out place for young Asians.
5	Love love love. My favorite is the raspberry black tea boba. My friends rave about the popcorn chicken.
2	My go-to place for boba...until today. This was the second time they didn't add boba after I asked for it (which I though was the default choice). I'll be looking for someplace closer to home from now on.
3	The tapioca balls were soft but the iced coffee drink felt like I was slurping Straight SUGAR. Way toooo sweet. :( The location is right next to a Chinese supermarket. They have a lot of different flavors (iced tea, slushes, smoothies) but overall nothing that special.Most of the staff workers looked like high school students.
4	This is a nice place for boba teas. There are tons of different flavors available and you can also get just regular green and black tea. Most flavored tea places don't have unflavored/unsugared tea, so it is nice to have the option. I also tasted the plum green tea, which had a unique and interesting sweetness. In addition, this place has a selection of fried foods and snacks, including fish balls, but I have not tried them.
3	Went here with my friends on my trip to AZ.Very typical asian boba place. We went at close to closing time but they were still very nice of taking our orders (there were like 11 of us). The boba came out really fast. Though I have to say the almond milk tea was a tad bit too strong for my taste.Overall experience: not as good as OC's boba, but hey, it's good enough for my craving.
4	I used to swear by lollicup, and would only come here only if I really had to (or I was by LeeLee's and was too lazy to drive a mile), but I think they might've gotten better. The last time I went was during summer when it was scorching hot and they were trying to save money on a/c--ridiculous. This time, I went with a bunch of friends after dim sum and the boba was good and the milk tea was not too sweet, just right.
2	Eh. I've had better. Their boba was.....how do I explain? ....it was like, falling apart. They weren't that firm, the texture was just gross (and yes, I've had boba before....) Also, there wasn't a lot of ice in my drink, which also made it more gross. I think I will stick with my regular place....I like the boba at a restaurant in Mekong Plaza....I think it's called Taiwan Food Express...but I'm not sure.. It's on the North side of the Plaza and it faces the parking lot. There's a bunch of pictures of Boba Tea, ya can't miss it. (but I think I am going to give The Street a try....thanks Arlington W.)
4	Yay! I'm a fan. It's just unfortunate that Boba Tea House is a good 30 minutes away from me. Otherwise, I'd be that fan that stops by every single day. Well, until I get a boba place near me in the North Phoenix/Scottsdale (hint hint) then I just have to settle for visiting Boba Tea House once a month or so when I hit up LeeLee's for a grocery stock up trip. Oh, and you best believe that I stock up on my boba too. Yes, that's me carrying a tray of 4 milk teas so I have one for the ride home and a couple for later. What can I say, I really like milk teas.At Boba Tea House, in particular, I'm a fan of their lavender milk tea - it is deelish! I also get the coconut milk tea or lychee milk tea if the mood strikes me. The hubby sticks with his favorite thai milk tea which is strong...just the way he likes it.Like most boba places, you can get regular boba, mini boba or an assortment of jellies. I typically forgo the boba entirely and stick with coconut or lychee jellies. They add a burst of sweetness and have a texture that I prefer over boba. Already looking forward to my next venture out to this area so I can treat myself to more milk teas and I'll just continue waiting for one to pop up in this area...
4	Was here on a Saturday afternoon.  WOW, the place was popping!!!  It is bright, colorful, and clean.  The menu is on the wall.  There are so many things on it.  I settled with a Thai Iced Tea Slush + boba.  The bobas were soft and a good texture.  I am interested to try the other items on the menu.
4	Their boba drinks are good.  The Thai iced tea is good too.The snacks they serve there are actually better than the drinks. Your order always comes out in a timely manner, even when it's busy.My only complaint is that not everything on the wall menu is available..  They need to update it, because I'm one of those people that are into the items that they no longer serve.
4	This place is way better than The Street. The boba texture is closer to what I prefer and my almond milk tea was exceptionally creamy, something I've never had before in all the teahouses I tried in SF/LA/NYC. I have no idea why The Street gets better reviews, especially considering they are more expensive!
2	Eh we've had better. Way better. Place looked liked a prepubescent teenagers bedroom - messy and dirty. Drinks barely had any ice. Over priced for what it was. Won't be back.
5	Good as it gets! We all know arizona aint know socal! But this boba establishment is really yummy! and the works are always friendly
2	I use to ALWAYS go here with my friends, yeah it use to be our meet up spot so we can head out during the night..But now it's lacking on drinks. The drinks are already pre-made. I usually get the Taro tea with boba, ITS PRE-MADE which means, my, well what suppose to be ICE is melted and watered down, ICK! and the boba just is not as chewy, its all soft and with melt in your mouth deal. I'm disappointed of how it's become. But Since I am by LeeLee's its the only boba option I can grab in a quick hurry, but my money has not been spent on here lately.
4	I usually get the matcha green tea slush and the wife gets taro coconut slush...both are great.  I like this place this best out of the other boba's places.  We got the potatoe fries and calimari...and both were ehh...So we just stuck with boba slush only.  Good atmosphere and has a lot of the younger crowd.  Parking is also ehh...next to asian market.
4	My go to place for boba drinks. Honey green milk tea or Thai tea are my favorites. Don't forget to ask for a punch card.
5	Excellent Boba's! I always get the Taro flavor wherever I go, and this place makes it the best! Perfectly blended with great boba. The staff is young, but very friendly and the service is always quick. Sucks that its far away from me now that I moved to PHX, but nonetheless, when I'm stocking up on Asian groceries from Lee Lee's, I always make sure to stop in. Especially during the summer. So refreshing!
3	They do have the check in offer where you get one free add-in (boba, jelly, etc.) so that is quite nice. The price is not bad, too. The guy that works at the counter, he is a very sweet and nice guy and they do it right after you place the order so the speed is quite fast, that is if you are the only one in line :D Overall, boba here is okay; however, not something I would go crazy for. Kinda too far from my house; but once in awhile, when I do go to Lee Lee's, I will stop by there. :D
4	Boba Tea House was my first introduction to this boba phenomenon. They have an extensive list of flavors and mix/match choices. I am embarrassed to say that I now go there often enough that they know my order and start making it as soon as I enter the door. I have never had a bad customer service experience here and I love that they taste the drinks before they send them out. My drink of choice is Mango-Pinapple snow.... with boba of course.
3	typical boba place. Drinks are a little sweeter here than other places i have been.I do normally rank boba places at a 2 because the whole culture that follows it annoys me.I give 1 more star because...well to be honest the music wasn't blaring and was good enough to have a decent conversation friendly ambiance inside.
4	Boba tea house is a great place to go with friends and just sit down and have a drink. i love all of their drink chooses and how you can mix and match you drink with different flavored jellies or Boba. also their prices for drinks are great, they are much lower than any other drink location that i have been to in the past, their regular sized drink is only like 4.00 and they also offer a large for only 50 cents more.i also really enjoyed how fast they made my drink after i ordered i didn't really find myself waiting a long time.i like how they dont have just drinks they also have snakes such as buffalo wings, and popcorn chicken. also the atmosphere of the place is incredible i love exploring new cultures and just getting out there and trying new things.so in my option Boba tea house is an awesome location and i highly recommend going and visiting.
4	Boba Tea House, why are you so far away from me!!!??!This is the only boba place in Arizona I've had that actually comes close to good boba. I've had so much of the overpriced, watered down powdered crap that I was ready to pack up and move back to California! Seriously, we have boba in socal on every corner, some better than others, but people here are deprived!Until one day my roommate took a trip down to chandler and brought me back awesomeness in a cup. Since then I have made several trips of my own with the excuse of visiting friends to come to this place lol. Yes they use powder but they use a blender to mix it with the tea and milk so its a little thicker in consistency, just short of creamy, mmmmm. Quality is noticeably better!My favorites are the honey green milk tea and coconut milk tea. Have also tried the black milk tea, boba milk tea, peach black tea, taro milk tea, and almond milk tea and they were all good. Just wish it was closer to Glendale :(
5	Best boba I've had in Arizona hands down. You know of a better place? Let me know and I'll put it to the test. Honestly. It's that good. I've never had a problem with their boba being frozen or too hard. Their milk tea tastes legit! I haven't actually checked though to see if they actually use real tea with real condensed milk instead of that powdery stuff some places try to pull on you.. Their selection of finger foods is just enough to keep you going but not so much it takes away from it being a small tea house atmosphere. A honest good quick boba place that I make sure to hit whenever I'm in this part of town.
1	My friend and I came here a few nights backs for some bubble tea. Wow! Finding a place dedicated to bubble tea was surely a great find. We've tried a lot of places, some good, some not.Well. This was the WORST bubble tea we'd ever tried. Watered down, horribly flavored and overcooked tapioca pearls. Blech!! After a few sips, we pitched the awful drinks and went out for frozen yogurt instead.This is NOT how bubble tea (slushy type) should be.
5	Boba Tea House is always consistent with their boba.  I've been to so many boba places.  Many places just don't make them quite right -- if it's right, it's soft and squishy; the places that get it wrong don't cook it long enough, and it turns out too hard and chewy.  Sometimes I'll find a place that made good boba, but when I return on a different visit, it's not the same.  Boba Tea House gets it right every time.  I always just order their boba milk tea.  My sister likes their mini-boba, but that's only good if you like a lot of little boba balls swishing around in your mouth -- it kind of tickles. The service has been good here on all of my recent visits, and I'm always satisfied.  I pretty much always stop here when I go shopping at Lee Lee's.
3	Some of their milk teas are REALLY sweet, I usually end up going home and adding more milk to make it taste better. And I wish they had some specialty teas like other boba joints, everything here is really just the drink with nothing in it, no jelly or fruits at all. Other places usually have some drinks that already have some. I do like their calamari rings, and the workers are friendly.
4	I'm doing a reviewing marathon today, and it wouldn't be complete without me giving my props to my second home, Boba Tea House. I plan a lot of meals that require me to visit Lee Lee just so that I have an excuse to get a boba tea here. I'm embarrassed to admit this but my friend even got me one of their T-shirts (that I always forget to wear) so that I can get 10% off. I've had boba tea at several other places in Phoenix (the Street, Lee's sandwiches, the Pho place in this same complex) and they are either too sweet, too watery or the boba is undercooked. Boba tea house is always good and they have a ton of different flavors and aside from boba they also have different kinds of jellies. Great ones to try- Coconut snow- Thai tea slush- Taro milk tea- Honey green milk tea- Lychee milk tea- Jasmine milk teaThe only thing I can't recommend is the food. It is not good. Everything is fried and it all tastes the same: bland.
5	Had a taro milk tea with boba here. Very tasty, well priced, and boba texture was just right. No grainy, hard or soggy boba pieces at all!
5	Love this place. Wish they had more locations, maybe in central Phoenix or Scottsdale. Chandler is out of the way for me unless I'm going to Ikea.
3	The boba tea is overly sweet, and milky. Of the 3 main bubble tea houses, Lollicup is the best for the original milk tea flavor.
5	Our favorite is Taro Milk Tea with no boba...don't like to chew my drink... get a stamped card... every 13th drink is free!
5	Loved the lychee slush with bOBA. It was yummy !! definitely recommend this place
1	This place use to good, but they just recently CUT BACK on everything!  First of all, they're going cheap on their drinks!  I normally get the snow drinks and this last time, I could NOT taste the flavor at all!   All I tasted was the sweet milk and ice...literally!  Secondly, they just started to not hand out the punch cards anymore.  They still accept them, but no longer hand them out....which is fine.  Lastly, the credit card machine has been down for a few months now.  I personally think they're trying to get away from using a credit card machine.  It doesn't take long to have someone to come out anf fix this machine.  Don't put a sign out that says credit card machine is currently out if you're not going to fix it.  Just tell  your customers that you no longer accept credit and cash is only acceptable.  I'm boycotting this place until they fix something.
5	FINALLY. BOBA IN ARIZONA. MY LIFE IS COMPLETE. Yes, all-caps was necessary. This place has a massive menu of delciousness and lots of different boba flavors. Staff is super friendly and they make your drinks in a flash! Can't speak for the food as I haven't tried it, but I get boba here all the time. They are always willing to add extra tapioca which is nice. I mostly get the coconut or passion fruit slush, but they have countless other flavors and every single one I have dried is pure deliciousness. Tip: It's cash only if the tab is under $5 so bring some bills. Although if you forget they'll sometimes let it slide, but to be nice, I suggest you bring cash. :)
2	The drinks are crap most of the time. Watered down. The food always makes me sick. The service is alright, but usually they're not paying attention to what they are doing because they're too busy socializing or watching TV.Parking is a b-tch due to the market nearby. The lines are long and what you wait for isn't worth it.Lollicup for me, thank you.
5	This place is awesome! Recommend raspberry black tea with boba.
2	I've lived in California for almost my entire life and have gone to many delicious boba/milk tea places. Comparing Boba Teahouse to places such as the renounced Tebo Tebo in Westminster, Socal and Tapioca Express in San Jose, Norcal.. I would probably have to say Boba Tea house sucks but it's the only decent boba fix you can get in Chandler. When I mean "decent" there's only two boba places in Chandler (Boba Teahouse and Lollicup) so the standards aren't really high. Overall Milk tea is disgusting.. it's made from a powdered base. Like really? It's inexpensive to buy half&half and brew tea to make milk tea rather than buying milk tea powdered bases. Anywho, if you're like desperate for a boba/milktea/asian flared drinks, you can get a fix here.
4	This is my favorite place to get a slush with boba. They have such a huge selection of drinks. I like to get either red bean, lychee, or mango. Service is always fast and cashier is always smiling and welcoming. Place is modern looking and welcoming. Only thing that I would like them to do is use fresh fruit in their drinks. Haven't found a place in this area with fresh fruit. I wish it was like Chicago with the best boba drinks. Overall whenever I have a thirsty craving then its boba time.
4	Was over at Lollicup not too long ago. My apologies, but I cannot seem to stop myself from comparing one from the other.I like Lollicup as well - friendly and prompt service. And it is even closer to my flat. But the bottom line is this ...Boba Tea House offer us bobaholics a large variety of flaves than Lollicup. Period. Hence I do not mind driving quite a ways to get my boba fix! ^_^
5	Need a boba tea house in north Phoenix or Scottsdale. Always quick service and tasty cold drinks. I always get the strawberry slush perfect for the Phoenix summer days
5	Men, I love the Thai tea with double boba so much I would drive the 12 miles from my house just to get my fix! Boba is always delicious, and when I have some calories to spare I make sure I get the jalapeno poppers! Made with cream cheese instead the crappy cheddar cheese I found everywhere else.
4	mmmmmm Boba... Bubble tea.... Iced boba... Cannot get enough of this amazing little shop!!!! So worth the drive from where I live allllll the way near Scottsdale (right on the Tempe/Scottsdale boarder) to get my Boba fix! Granted I take my life in my hands and have to create swords (and brooms) out of boba straws, but  the FLAVORS are incredible! They're super speedy and super friendly and while the place doesn't seem super clean... I haven't had an issue yet, aside from being run out of town by the native flora (and maybe fauna) and I'm giving them four stars when I really want to be able to give them 5.Much love to you Boba Tea House, much love to you... But not to your rabid and rampant dust bunnies and food particles and... whatever the blue hairy thing under the chair was
5	This place is great! Friendly service, delicious boba! Ive tried other places in the surrounding area and wasn't very impressed so this was a nice surprise. I got the green tea snow with boba and finished the whole thing!
5	Taro Slush with Boba = Soooo Good!  I admit, this is the only thing I ever order because it is just so freakin tasty.  They have a ton of other stuff to choose from on their menu too!  Service is very quick!
4	Good for a boba tea fixAlways up for a tasty boba tea.  This place is usually hopping and the nice staff has a very quick turnaround to get you back out the door.  Boba are a little over cooked some times and many options are super sweet, but the teas are tasty and the selection is fun for my little girl.Definitely worth the visit.  Do not expect to be blown away by any subtle flavors or premium teas.  Those from Taiwan or part of Cali might find Boba Tea House offerings to be more like candied teas.
4	I am so stuck in my old ways that despite a giant menu taking up their whole wall, I still just go straight to the counter and say "taro boba please" and assume that they will have it.Luckily they did, and it was pretty tasty and creamy, as expected. I got the supersized version and it was only $3 and change, which I thought was pretty affordable for Boba. The space is small but they have a bunch of large screen TVs if you want to hang around and not socialize with anyone... which came in handy during the Brazil/Spain soccer match.My only beef was that their machine was down while I was there, so I couldn't pay with debit or credit card. Since I have no cash, ever, my friend had to buy my boba (which was incredibly embarrassing since I was going to pay hers on her birthday!) but I understand that these things happen and no business is perfect. It would be great if they had a bit more seating, but the place is simple, friendly and a great after dim sum place (right next door to phoenix palace).Mmmmm Boba.
5	Love this place!!! Yummmy boba . My kids went there every weeks :)
5	Every time I visit Chandler I always go to the Boba Tea House! They have the BEST bobas. I took my American friends there once and they liked it! Try the strawberry lychee boba. They need to move one of these in north scottsdale. I will go EVERYDAY
4	Best Boba in the valley! Hands down!Best flavors and service!
4	Taro with boba = a big ass smile!  Yep, I said ass.  Inappropriate?  Perhaps, but it's so good to taste bubble tea on a hot day that I just don't care right now.  I just love taro.  And boba.  They go together like peanut butter and jelly... or peanut butter and chocolate... or peanut butter and anything!
4	Nice spot for a cold, creamy sugar rush. I impulsively got the large size and it was gone by the time I got home; granted, I live over 20 minutes away.  The pearls were perfectly chewy, not overcooked or old from sitting out. They are more sweet than other places so be ready for that.  The taro slush was very good. Minus star because my scoop of boba:slush ratio was skimpy. No more pearls before half the drink was gone. Tip: shake your drink around before sticking the straw in to evenly distribute the goodies.
4	I'm a huge boba fanatic and Boba Tea House does not disappoint. Granted i haven't been to a boba place yet that i didn't finish my entire tasty beverage smiling. They have an endless variety of flavors and mixtures to choose from and even delicious snacks foods. The staff is friendly and more the willing to help you make the right decision for that flavor your looking for. Not gonna say it's my favorite boba spot, only cause the decor has this bare wherehouse motif going on, but it's definitely worth going to if your in the neighborhood and want a quick fix.
5	This was the first time I had boba tea and love it! The girl was very helpful, have me a few samples to try and made some helpful recommendations. The location was clean and they were fast and efficient. I recommend if you like boba tea, this is where you want to go!
4	Fast and friendly service. Our favorites are the snows-strawberry, peach, mango, honeydew, lychee. I wish they had taro snow but the taro slush is really good. The only bad is their thai iced tea is way too sweet :( But boba is usually pretty good. The chicken and calamari are really yummy too with a good dipping sauce.
5	Their thai boba slush and taro boba slushies are what me and the hubby get just about every visit. The boba is always fresh and the slushies are made very well. The service is friendly and fast! They have appetizers on the menu, but we digress-- we haven't tried them yet. The crispy calamari certainly looks good though!
3	YUM milk tea with boba.But the end result is 'this stuff is weird.'  Guess I've decided I don't like the BOBA balls in the drink.  But the drink itself is alright and I really don't have anything else to compare it to so I'll set this as the standard.
5	Bobalicious! Taro Almond Slush with 2 Boba is more like it.
5	I love their green milk tea with boba...my bf loves their reg. green tea...we're almost a regular! The staff are super friendly! Pretty much remembers our order unless we feel like trying different that day...We also love their spicy squid ball:) Decent priced!
5	My favorite boba place so far! In Arizona idk where else I would get my boba at? Any suggestions cause I would love to try something new other than that service is friendly, quick, & probably 3 minutes top even if it was busy. But my favorite that I recommend is the avocado slush, different, and very flavorful specially if you are an avocado fan! If you are planning to do food I suggest the popcorn chicken!
2	Used to be much better but the quality has gone down recently. Drinks are chalky and way too sweet. Won't be returning any time soon.
4	Tasty boba, good snacks, super cute and friendly service! Took a few girlfriends from work here for their first time and they loved it. Our favorite flavors are lychee, chocolate and banana, and papaya! The space is really relaxed, TV's and music playing. Good crowd and I like going here for a quick drink to go or to sit and chat with friends for a bit. Thanks Boba Tea House!
5	LOOOOOVE THIS PLACE!!!Every time I go shopping at LeeLee's for my groceries, I HAVE to order boba to go from here. I call in my order when I'm almost done with my shopping and just swing by, pick up my boba and I'm on my way home. Our standard order is the red bean slush with red bean and boba for me and a taro coconut slush with boba for my husband. It is such a wonderful treat for us and it's always consistently made.I also am impressed with the people that work here. They are all very respectful, energetic, cheerful and efficient. Usually this isn't something I comment about in reviews, but whoever does the hiring here has a great eye for the right employees. This place has the same kind of employees as In-n-Out -- hypothetically if I ever owned a company and was looking to snipe young, eager, well-trained employees, I'd scout In-n-Out locations and this boba house. LOL that's a weird comment for a yelp review, I know, but it just speaks to the quality of workers here.But one thing I am bummed about -- they got rid of their loyalty cards!!! Boooo!!!
4	Absolutely my favorite place for all my boba cravings!  They recently added the beloved pudding to their menu so I'm extra excited!  To my knowledge, Boba Tea House is the only one in the valley that offers pudding.  Yum!So while it's not a place that offers the best AC during the summer or any heat during winter, they always have the friendliest workers and punch cards.  Who doesn't love punch cards?  The tapioca balls are always chewy and the drinks stays nice and chilled for a while.  While they don't have the most extensive flavor menu, they offer lots of yummy snacks and make a mean taro milk tea.  ;D
4	We stopped here after dinner nearby for a sweet treat. My roommate is a self-proclaimed boba addict and I haven't had it in years so I was excited to try out his favorite place. The menu is vast I was overwhelmed by all of the options and flavors. The lady at the counter could probably sense this and she let me try a few samples. I ended up getting the taro boba which was really good.
4	I recently moved here and I've frequented many boba places in Chicago, Orlando, San Fran and la and this was the second boba place I've been to to Arizona. This boba place beats the other boba place in my opinion because the boba texture was dead on!! Soft and chewy, it was perfectly cooked. I ordered the coconut taro which was not amazing but it wasn't bad. But the fact that the boba was great, I am looking forward to trying other flavors from this location. Keep it up! Oh, and pretty cheap pricing too.
5	There are times when the Asian in me screams "satisfy my taro boboa craving!!!" and I have to obey, jump in the car and start driving!  So here I am my eyes round, my tummy saying thank you, happily sipping on my taro. And munching on some fried fish balls. It almost makes me feel like I'm somewhere Asia except for the fact that after I walked in, about ten gringos walked in behind me. Service appears to be quick as everyone was quickly served. In the span of sitting here and writing this review I would say 15 people have been served quickly. Which is good cause if everyone had came in the same state that I was in, if service was slow there might have been massive boboa craving crumpiness. And I must remark pricing is reasonable. Which is always a bonus!Thanks Yelp for having mobile review. Craving satisfied, review written, I'm happily on my way out to my next venture!
5	Just went here today with my bf to sip some milk tea (he had vanilla and I had the Thai which is my fave). They have WiFi and its a good place to bring your laptop and work. The boba is just like how I make it which is super soft and chewy and won't tire the jaw muscles out chewing it. Its a short walk away from LeeLees which is an interesting Asian grocery store. I prefer this place than republic ramen for the boba. They also have a gigantic selection and some snacks like popcorn chicken and poppers. I just don't like the driving distance and wish they opened a closer shop near scottsdale lol
5	Fair price, great overall quality regardless of what you order, and a dependable boba spot in AZ. Take your friends if they are new to Boba; the staff are very helpful!
5	Love the  Taro Slush Boba. It's a must have
4	My go to boba place when I'm in Chandler :) .  They have a wide variety of selections and fresh boba! My favorite is the jasmine milk tea!
4	Taro and boboa. So delicious together. Wonder if you can freeze it and make it into a froze treat. I think I will try to do this. Put them together in ice cube trays then pop them in my mouth during the summer like candy bites. Until then I enjoyed another quickly prepared and served taro boboa slush from this delightful place. Ahhhh, wish this place was closer to me or maybe not otherwise my waistline might protest!
3	I used to come here a lot. It was the best boba place around here but lately the tea just taste like water, sugar, and flavor. There is no tea taste but the texture of boba is good.  The squid balls are still great. But I guess if you like slush and blended drinks its still good. I will still come because its the closest by my house.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. The variety of teas is awesome. I go there twice a week to get my favorite boba milk tea! Good going! Keep it up!
3	It's aight.
3	I recently came here. One star down because this is catered to high schoolers. Another star because my order was wrong and the boba milk tea was just okay. I originally ordered a green milk tea with coffee jelly I got regular milk tea with boba... The tapioca was okay could be chewier and varieties of milk tea were mostly powder... I want the real stuff! I enjoyed however the fast and quick service. Overall, I still like this place over some choices here in the valley because they are not pricey. But if you are just an average boba drinker u may like this. If ur from SF or LA this is aiteee
5	Boba. My other obsession. This place was right around the corner from where we had dinner so I ran in. I can't believe how many flavors of drinks they had! Almost a little overwhelming. I stuck with an iced cappuccino milk tea with boba, at the checkout I saw they had coffee jelly which I had them add as well. Service was very quick & friendly. Drink was awesome! I loved the coffee jelly! Can't wait to try some other flavors.
5	We love, love this place for the Boba Tea and amazing slush drinks.  It's great for the kids.  The prices are very good too.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! It's so good, and they have friendly people working... But you can't pay with you're card if you're purchasing under $5 so take some cash with you! :) it's delish...!
5	Used to live by a amazing Boba Tea House in LA when we moved here I was sad that there weren't really places to go and the ones at donut shops tend to suck! Luckily met a girl who recommended this place and I love it! Haven't looked back since! Honeydew Snow is my absolute favorite!!
5	I loveee this place. One of the best boba in town. Their drinks are so rich in flavor, boba is tasty and chewy, little ice, and cheap.A must place to go for boba drinks :)
5	My new obsession! This place is clean, the staff is SUPER nice, and everything we've tried is awesome!! The almond milk tea and kiwi green tea w/strawberry boba are my two favs so far. I have a feeling I'll be here at least once a week!
3	They have gone down hill recently. I've been going here for years now and not until now have I had a problem with all my drinks. Everything I've gotten recently has been watery and flavorless :(
4	A step above The Street in Mesa but not as good as Bomb Boba and other places in West Phoenix. Still pretty good though and they have a lot of flavors and varieties of Boba.Always get the Honeydew Slush~
4	AZ boba tea places just don't match up to more Asian-saturated regions, like the Bay Area. But this place is decent. Lots of good flavors, fast service, and recently added on pudding for extra ingredients.
4	Every time I'm in the area I have to make a stop here.  I usually get the Mocha cappuccino milk tea with boba. I haven't ventured out to other flavors but they do have a big selection.  Lots of teas and fruit flavors. My 2 year old tried his first Boba today and he loved it!  I had to get him his own so he didn't drink mine.  I got him the vanilla milk tea.  I tasted it and it was good but not as good as mine! Love this place!  Fast service too!
2	If you found this place in Southern California, it would probably sit idly like every Lollicup, Quickly, or TapEx. I miss the sea salt coffee from 85 Degrees. I miss the amazing fruit-in-your-drink selection from Tastea. I miss the self-pour tea from Ten Ren's Tea Station. I miss the honey boba from Half & Half. If you're craving innovative drinks, you won't find it here. But at least this place suffices for the most basic boba milk tea until I get to go home again
5	This place is awesome! I love all of their flavors and their boba is always fresh. I haven't tried their foods yet so I can't review about that. It's a great place to get boba fast. I got my boyfriend and a couple of friends as well obsessed with boba and it started at this place first. It's also at an affordable price as well. Love this place!
5	This is one of my favorite places to get BoBa!! The BoBa is never overcooked and they so many options to choose from, as far as drinks. Great place for a first time BoBa person!! =)
4	I had a wonderful boba from here. The drinks are great. The service was okay. They were nice but not overly friendly. Either way the boba is great stuff!!
3	My husband was the one who actually got these drinks so I can't really rate the environment/atmosphere, but I can rate the drinks!We got two milk teas, their recipe, and one peach green tea.Their milk tea, I am sad to say, I did not enjoy. It's too cinnamon-y for my taste.Their peach green tea on the other hand was delicious, just the way I liked it. But the downside was, is that I drank it in mere minutes! They put too much ice and not enough drink. I was really thirsty too :/ I threw away a cup filled with ice to the brim.I can't comment on their boba because I wasn't feeling any at the moment.All in all, I got a look at their drink menu online and saw that they have a wide variety, so props to that. I also noticed blueberry milk tea, sounds interesting. I'll definitely be going back to try more of their menu when I'm in Chandler.
4	Cheap, delicious, refreshing bubble tea! Boba milk tea:I got a super size of this, which is definitely enough for one person. There was plenty of boba, which was perfectly cooked to chewy perfection. The milk tea itself was milky and sweet, but not too sweet. I would have liked a stronger, slightly more bitter tea flavor, but this was pretty good overall!Atmosphere:The inside is very colorful and bright. I think I counted every color of the rainbow! The furnishings do show a bit of wear, but the inside looks clean and cheery. Service:We didn't interact much with the staff, but they processed our order very quickly. We got our bubble teas in probably less than a minute after ordering!Overall, great bubble tea at a low price! I definitely plan to return.
5	Affordable and delicious bubble tea!!I was so happy to have finally found a milk tea restaurant in town that I actually enjoy. The milk tea has plenty of boba and was very milky and sweet. I loved it! The inside of Boba Tea House is also pretty nice. It is not over crowded with tables and couches like some other boba restaurants. It is a very comfortable place to come to hangout and kill an hour of your time. The employees all seemed super nice and were very prompt to greet us upon our arrival. The service was also very speedy. I will for sure be back the next time I find myself in Chandler.
1	My friend from LA and I went there cus we love Boba drinks... Wish we would have gone elsewhere.We walked in and that place was so dirty and ratchet. They had a counter that was being held with tape! I mean come on! Their chairs felt and looked like a dirty barber shop waiting area. The menu was cheap (fitting right with the place) I order a kiwi slush and that tasted more like a sour green apple thing with a twist of cough medicine. My friend order a Strawberry slush and it was awful.We had a couple of a sips and we noticed the boba balls looked old and tasted worse.  We threw them in the trash. Disgusting place.
4	I'm now a Boba addict! When I came her for the first time I was kind of a deer in headlights with all the options. The place was also very busy. The girl that took our order was very patient and calmly answered all my questions. I played it safe and ordered the Thai Tea Boba Slush. It can fairly fast and was SUPER delicious! I cannot wait to be more adventurous and try some other flavors.
5	This place is really great! The cashier, Moe, was really nice and helpful. I'm a worker at Snoh ice shavery so I know how things taste like and what not, and even though my drink combo was not the best, the quality and speed was really good. The green apple was really good, that's what my girlfriend got. I think this place is worthy of a 5. The walls are a little on the boring side. But other than that great!
5	This is the only place in town with actually good ol fashioned Thai tea boba. Sorry other wanna-be boba places! I have tried to find some boba closer to me but they always turn out really sugary and taste too artificial. I just love coming here to get their spices pop-corn chicken with milk tea boba! Price is right, people are nice, and drinks are wonderful!
4	Comparatively speaking, Boba Tea House is probably one of the top 5 boba places in Arizona.  With that in mind, I must say their consistency is spot on.  I have been a repeating customer since they opened in the mid-00's, and the quality and service has been the same since day one.  My only critique would be they should have never abandoned the punch card program.  Most, if not all coffee shop I have visited has one, so why not Boba Tea House?
4	Boba Tea House is amazing.. best Boba in town.In case you are not familiar with Boba and want to try out something new here are a few details:Boba comes from Tapioca (Root), it is steamed and put into the bottom of your drink in a gelatin ball form.There is the traditional Boba, larger, black and round, and other fruit flavors.The most popular Boba Tea Drink is Taro, which is made from a potato like plant. The drink will look bright purple, but do not be alarmed it is fantastic! By far my favorite.Now - back to reviewing!!  Boba Tea House is great if you are there for their Tea. Their food on the other hand is all fried, greasy and not falvorful. If you want a quick snack it is good. But I would only come here for the Boba.Favorite place in Chandler by far for a late afternoon!
4	This is the type of boba place that the NorCal part of me grew up with. Lots of fruity creamy and tea options. Also there a small snack menu. It's traditional and that's why it's a solid 4 stars. If you've never had boba then try this place. Food 4/5Atmosphere 4/5 kinda small but whatever Price 4/5 fair price
4	They definitely have a great little setup here.Recently I had a strong craving for some bubble teas and finally found this place in the neighborhood. There aren't too many boba joints in the East Valley.It was so good, I ended up buying two bobas, each with a mix of two different flavors. One I got was a snow slush and the other just a regular slush, with the snow slush being a bit creamier and tarter than your regular slush.I also got them to add some coconut jelly, which tasted great alongside the boba. So yeah one was not enough for me, I staggered out of there clutching my belly (in a good way).Service was fast, friendly and efficient as well.
5	Best boba you'll find in the chandler gilbertish area! I like getting the jasmine milk tea with boba. But there is a lot of variety here for anyone!
1	Our jasmine milk tea tasted like water with sugar. What was I drinking?! It was so bad that when I went back to California, I had to drop by a boba place to apologize to my body.
5	Love going here after doing some shopping at the local Asian grocery store. My go to drink is the taro milk tea with boba.The boba is delicious and just the right amount of chewy. They have some couches inside and is just a great area to lounge around with friends and have some conversation.
4	I'm not a bobaholic or boba expert, but this place was packed, had a vast menu, and everyone in our group of 7 people was happy with their choice.  Good stuff.
5	I absolutely love Boba Tea House.  I'm from Los Angeles, and have been searching for good boba.  Their boba milk tea is the best I've tasted in Arizona thus far.  I'm extremely happy with their customer service.  Vincent, the owner, everyone there is very pleasant.  I highly recommend!
3	Favorite is their mango milk tea. Right next to Lee Lee's Supermarket.
4	We stopped here after shopping at the nearby market.  Just a whim.  Glad we did.  They have a very large menu of smoothies (and other drinks, including boba, of course).  I had a fruity smoothie (honestly forget what exactly, but it was tropical).  It was very good.Not much seating inside, so expect to take it out.  When we were there it was SRO.
5	I went here twice. One was awhile back and the recent visit was this aftertoon with my sister and cousin.We had two orders of calamari (nice seasoning) and fish balls - mild. My drink was a strawberry slush and they had thai tea with boba.There were alot to choose from the menu from the slushies, smoothies, tea, shaved ice, etc. with or without boba.It was pretty good! I'd come back! Of course, I'll pick another flavor of slushie like the Volcano slushie, so next time and am getting the calamari again.You get your drink first less than five minutes and your food follows two minutes after. Very quick and delish!
3	I used to come here quite frequently and felt that this place had some of the best boba in the area. However, when I went back tonight after having not been for a few months my drink was completely watered down and sub-satisfactory. Perhaps it was just a fluke but I was definitely disappointed
5	I've been here twice and it's good.  Sometimes I am cheap and I want to make all my own stuff but though my boba drinks at home are good, it's nice to be able to get one outside.  I've come here twice and they no longer have a punch card for buy 9 and get one free.  Drat.  But, that's okay.  They have an overwhelming selection of flavors of teas, snows, and other drinks.  My first time I had a honeydew snow and it was so good.  I ordered the supersized one, but that's really more like a small at some places or the size of a regular drink at McDonald's.  That's under $4.You can add boba, or other jelly concoctions to your drink at an additional charge, which I don't know what that is, but it's under $0.50, so less than it would be at a yogurt shop.My son got a lychee milk tea and it was a cold drink with the boba being hot.  Which, for him recovering from Thrush, was the perfect combination.  My daughter is addicted to horchata and was able to get a Horchata drink with a Coffee Jelly and she loved that.  This time I got a Coconut Papaya Snow Boba and it was fabulous.My mechanic got a Papaya Milk Tea Boba and his helper got a Coconut Yogurt Boba.  They liked those, too.  Anyway, it's a bit far from where I live, but only a mile from my kids' school, so maybe as an afternoon treat sometimes, we can come here and try more flavors.  They have good service and are quick.
5	Love the drinks!!!! On point not to sweet, cant complain.
5	One of the best places to get a tea/slush in the Phoenix Area. (BombBoba in Peoria comes close)- Pluses - Wide menu selectionQuality flavors Good valueCute packagingEvery visit has been quick and easy with prices rarely going over $4.25 a drink. They also didn't charge me extra for using a credit card! Quality is a high point as none of the drinks here have the watery powdery taste I've experienced at some of the Tempe boba places. If you feeling adventurous you can try the popular Avocado that comes off as a sweet creamy treat with a buttery avocado aftertaste. (My go-to's are the Honeydew/Tea offerings) The only qualm I have about this place is that they don't have the honey filled pearls that are popular in Cali. :( lol  If your craving high quality boba that rivals places in SoCal you can't go wrong with this establishment.
5	Boba tea house has a great menu with high quality and variety. The staff is always friendly and there's never a very long wait. Highly recommend for boba in the area.
