4	Have only eaten lunch here, and the sandwiches are very good.  Not your plain, average run-of the mill sandwiches, either.  Healthy portions and excellent sides.
3	The D&D has a great selection of sandwhiches... unless you're a veg... and then the selection is pretty limited.... although admittedly, I have never asked for the apple and brie sandwich WITHOUT the turkey to see if they will make it for me.  I bet it would be good.  I make a mean brie and pear panini at home.  The veggie sandwich is pretty good.   The place is pretty good for escaping a bad day.  You can sit upstairs with your sandwich and a book and sip iced tea until you're ready to go out and face the world again.  I also went on a pretty reasonable date there once.  We sat outside on the upper porch and talked until the place was closing.
4	I love love love this place. If I could afford it, I would eat here more often. The sandwiches are fabulous. Best ingredients out there and amazing breads. You can also pretty much add/exclude anything you want to any sandwich. The soups are always delicious, as well as their side salads and pastas. I love the feeling and atmosphere of the place. Very homey and welcoming. They also have several different patios around the restaurant, which is nice. Not to mention a glorious cheese selection, wine/beer bar, and espresso. It's a bit pricey, and if you go during the lunch hour any day of the week (including weekends), especially during the nice season, expect to wait more than just a few minutes for your food. Otherwise, though, this place is a hidden (it's tucked away in the plaza) wonder.
5	Sophie B. has me very confused:  You can get a sandwich & a drink for like under $10 bucks @ the Duck.All the sandwiches are handmade right in front of your very face -- any time a restaurant prepares the food where the whole wide world can watch them do it tells me they're proud of their work & their food.  And they should be -- it's great!  They even have each pickle wedge individually wrapped in foil -- take as many as you want (within reason).   :-)I've been a customer of the Duck since long before most of you moved to Phoenix.  Consistency -- nice people, excellent food, reasonable prices, wide selections of wines & soft drinks, seating indoors - outdoors - upstairs.  No worries - The Duck is always good.
4	This is a deli and a superstore all in one... they have all kinds of unique gifts that will get you off the hook if you forgot someones b-day at work... grab a sandwich and salvage your friendship all in one spot.*Don't let the name fool you -- this is not a posh, fine-dining eatery -- it is a lunch deli (though a very nice one).I have met a couple of the owners, very sweet people. Free Wifi here too.This is a really great sandwich, though the lunch line can be a little menacing (don't expect a quick meal).
5	Duck and Decanter "the Duck" is freaking awesome!  I like the store like atmosphere and the friendly staff.  Aside from fabulous sandwiches and sides they have lots of other great stuff too.  They have unique dishes, gormet foods and sodas.  The Duck also have a large wine room and beer selection.  They can get busy during lunch, but the staff are very friendly, and quick!This is a great place to grab a handmade sandwitch and snoop threw the store while you wait!
4	As another reviewer wrote this place definitely feels LGO in ways. But not exactly, it feels like a not-as-hip twin LGO grocery/wine store in Omaha, circa 1983.Not that that's bad or anything.  There's always some nostalgic value for places that concentrate on food and comfortable homey environ so that they aren't so hip it hurts.My first visit to Duck and Decanter was on a recent Thursday for lunch and was filled with the normal Camelback Corridor office drones and car salesmen. Delicious mix of people I tell you, but even more delicious was the maple glazed ham and muenster sandwich on whole wheat topped with avocado.  My lunch buddy opted for the tuna and it was pretty tasty but not the best I have ever had.  The pricing was average and with chips and a soda came out to about $10. Bonus points for the cheese selection feature bite-sized samples for a dollar or so. The wine store was small and charming and the layout of the place is so unconventional (with most seating upstairs) that it makes for some fascinating exploring once you get over the overwhelming collection of tacky bric a brac everywhere. I'm disappointed that it's kind of hidden, but that's probably best since I would be here all the time for a sammie and some wine come happy hour. Is it 4 pm yet?
4	I have been coming here since I was a little kid.  I have always loved Duck and Decanter... can't believe it has taken me this long to write a review.    I usually always get the same thing... albacore tuna on ciabatta bread with avocado and sharp cheddar.  It is the best!  This time I decided to try something new... I got one of their specialty sandwiches called the Genoa.  It had Genoa salami, spinach and marinated tomatoes with herbed cream cheese on french bread.  This was amazing!  I will definitely have to make a habit of trying something new all the time.  I will always be a customer of Duck and Decanter.
5	Went for the first time yesterday for lunch. It was soooo good! There is a wine / beer bar adjacent to the main retail / deli area. Lots of unique gifts,  artisanal cheeses and more! I was amused that they take your lunch order on a brown bag and put your lunch in it. Had an excellent roast beef sandwich and sat out front (note for summer: they only have outdoor seating). Clean, friendly and delicious, check it out!
3	This place is very confusing but has tasty sandwiches.The good stuff:-Sandwiches are quite creative and of high quality.-The bartender in the wine area is attentive without being preachy.-The shop probably has the perfect gift for nearly any occasion.The bad stuff:-I miss the turn for this place every time I go there requiring I flip a bitch on Camelback because it is buried.-I can't figure out how to obtain a cheese tray they supposedly have.  The last tine I was there a counter person told me they start at $24 but didn't seem to know anything else about them.  I am not spending twenty some-odd dollars on cheese slices that may or may not come with the appropriate meats, crackers and dips.-They close too early.  As a resident of CenPho, I am sick unto death of places that stay open through the mid afternoon only to close before 10PM.  I do not eat before dark in the summertime, nor do most of my friends.-They do not deliver.
5	Best food ever? no.  Value for price? Through the roof.This is an awesome lunch stop for those on a budget and they happen to stock a respectable beer selection to boot.  Mmmm, Hacker-Pschorr Hefeweizen on tap.
5	Love the sandwiches.  Love that they sometimes have live music outside.  Love that it's called Duck and Decanter.  What the heck is that anyway :)They also have the BEST horseradish in the world.  If you like hot, this is hot.
4	So I have been having the  albacore Tuna at this joint for about 6 years, Last night we went and we had it again, so we must like it, I think it is the mixture of the crunchy water chestnuts , julienned celery," just right amount" of  mayo along with the mild spices  served with lettuce ,tomato, your choice of cheese and mustard,makes this sooo enjoyable, You choose your bread, we always get it on a french roll( crisp on outside , soft on inside)YOU know eat the healthy tuna on the not so healthy french bread, but it sure does taste great.They have a great vegetarian pita, My friend raves about it every time,The menu is extensive about 20 sandwiches, salads and  usually 3-4 soups a day . On Fridays - Sunday they do have musical guest performing on the patio, I nice relaxing evening.Can get a little pricey, but I nice place to  eat.
4	One of the best Sunday afternoons I've had in a while....My first judgement was wrong about this place. Being tucked away in newer buildings behind a starbucks, with kind of a goofy name for a lunch market, I was pretty sure this place was going to be a big disappointment.  WRONG (yay)Though a confusing layout/way of doing things, the small but impressive market of cheeses, meats, pastas, beverages, teas, coffees, sauces and little do-dads is cute cozy and inviting.  The wine room is small but good and fairly well stocked with a good variety of wines, though a measly wine by the glass selection for a fairly impressive cellar.  Workers were a little awkward at times but really helpful in making selections.  We opted for a sandwich and a cheese platter for two, accompanied by a bottle of Reisling.  The sandwich was really good and fresh, the sun dried tomatoes were awesome - though as a sandwich in whole i've had better.  The make your own cheese platter was AWESOME-you get to choose as many cheeses as you'd like, getting the chance to look through them and read descriptions and touch, great for someone like me who loves a good cheese but knows nilch about names and pairings.  It was fresh, BIG, and simple-A in my book. The owners son was friendly and knowledgeable, helping us select the right bottle of wine to go with our cheeses, a not easy task being I like sweeter whites while he likes dry crisp ones.  Though not the best wine i've had, we got a very good bottle for 15 bucks that was enjoyable. As far as seating goes they have multiple areas inside and out, we very much enjoyed the front outdoor patio with sun covers, live music, grass, and the dog and children friendly atmosphere. Only downsides I'd have to say would be the confusing layout with lack of direction, and the sometimes "airy" staff behind the counters.  But all in all though we had a great time and will definitely be going again soon.
4	The ol' D and D. A quiet and lovely sandwich shop/bar in an otherwise boring shopping ce of Central Phoenix.Each time I come here after work it is slow and the service is excellent. The bar is usually staffed by older employees while the sandwich counter has younger but still very nice employees crafting tasty eats.The jalapeno havarti cheese is absolutely wonderful on a sonoran chicken salad sandwich. I believe the best reviews of this restaurant probably have taken full advantage of the customizable menu options. It does boost the price of the average sandwich up though. I almost always get pine nuts and pepperoncinis in addition to the standard options and the sandwich ends up being 9 dollars or so. A bit pricey but completely worth it.As mentioned in numerous other reviews there are multiple seating options. An outdoor patio, tables next to the wines and bar area, tables at the east end of the lower floor and upstairs which are accessed via staircase at the east side of the sandwich/grocery area.There is a great selection of deli meats and cheeses at the west end of the sandwich counter. A very respectable selection of tea, coffee and other local goods. Including hot sauces, coffee cups and various small gifts.Great place to hang out on a Friday after work and listen to some live music while drinking a craft beer and enjoying their patio with a fire place.A note to those parking here. The spots for customers is between the office building and the parking structure just south of the building.
4	Yep another 4 stars award goes to the ducky. Again, thank you yelp for introducing me to this place where everything is oh so calm and content all the time.The cheese plate will leave you speechless along with a great vino.
4	Met up with an SPJ group for networking event. The outdoor ambience was relaxing and just set apart enough for our group. Mini deli sandwiches were prepared for us, and we all ordered drinks from the supremely affable bartender. There's probably 100 different types of beers/wines here...I didn't have time to browse all the gourmet groceries...it was an ideal marriage of tasty food and atmosphere this last day of April. I guess I'll go inside next time I'm here; it's about to get so hot! Edit: they tell me they have misters too, and not just the masculine variety. ;)
4	Adding my four stars to the Duck & D. I go for a "Nooner" whenever I remember this place. Made to order sandwiches on fresh breads with a crunchy pickle slice and small candy; nice wine selection with helpful wine staff. The Duck has sold gourmet coffee and teas, along with espresso, before it became hip. Great selection of local and gourmet mustards, salsas , sauces, and spice mixes, along with some nice cookware at reasonable prices.The location is a bit hidden and the patios somewhat awkward. Parking is disappointing. But this is compared to the pre-freeway, Starbucks, etc. Duck & D that had a grassy lawn and large shade trees.
3	first time in this place - extremely cute, cozy, and full of delicious treats. i wish i had more time to look around and explore but i was starving and my sandwich was ready within minutes.i went with the nooner - the sandwich you can customize to YOUR liking. which is great because i'm a very picky eater when it comes to sandwiches - know what flavor combinations i like and i despise mayo, lettuce, and tomato on my sandwiches which is typical for most places to offer standard. but not at the duck, you order it exactly how you want it!i went for the smoked turkey on dark rye, with sprouts, russian mustard, peppercinis, and the jalepeno havarti. i also ordered up a side of potato salad and was tempted to buy some cookies but i withheld. the sandwiches come with a pickle spear as well. i love that this place has so many choices to choose from - it was hard to just pick one - which means i'll have to come back and try other things. i looked at their take home menu and they're open at 7 and close at 9 and serve breakfast stuff all day. their coffee smelled delicious as well. back to the sandwich - delicious! the mustard was sooo good and must have had wasabi in it because i could feel it burn in my nose. the bread was soft and the turkey was tasty. the potato salad sucked, it had a strange taste to it - like it was watery or something. the pickle was not very good either. if this review were just for the sandwich it would be four stars. the lackluster potato salad and pickle aren't enough to stop me from coming back to the duck to savor the wide variety of other treats this place has to offer, including lots of wine and beer.
4	A bit on the pricey side but still one of my favortie sandwich shops in Phoenix.  I am not giving 5 stars b/c I sometimes feel ripped off but I continue to go to Duck & Decanter.  2 words: PATIO PLATTERThe Patio Platter is like heaven in front of your face, you get to pick a meat and cheese assortment with crackers and bread.  I swear if I am the only person in there, it takes 30 minutes to get the platter and if there are 50 people in there, it takes 30 minutes to get the platter--- I suppose consistency is good.  It's worth the wait (and weight) -- it so delicious!The little shop inside is fun to pick up a few interesting gifts, it's overpriced but sometimes they have 20% off sales on everything in the shop that isn't edible.... The Duck will forever be a place I like to enjoy sitting outside with either an iced tea or a glass of wine with friends n  family and nosh on some yummy food.
2	It must be me or I just never order the right thing, not sure. Everyone I know that has ever mentioned the Duck tells me they like it. Yes I have been several times over the years. But a few days ago I was at our office which is on 7th ave just south of Thomas. I was really hungry and wanted something to eat, this in it self is kind of unusual as I can more than likely wait until the end of the day before I have to eat. Plus the fact I have enough fat on me to last a few months I would not be starving to death any time soon if I missed a meal or three. So I asked Bruce, you remember Bruce he is the guy I am always asking things when down at the office. I wanted something delivered as I wanted to stay in the office to get a contract ready for signing. The only place he could think of was the Duck, but he said he could go and get it much faster. So I said ok and gave him my card and told him to get what he wants and order me I think it is called the Ducky or something like that.  Man he was back much more quickly than I had expected him to be, so they must have been on the ball in making the food. But the food as I always find; just nondescript. NO discernable flavour just a mish mash of textures and blandness. So I can say I like the building, the quickness they have gotten my food out and the patio. I guess the folks are also nice, but do not remember them so they were not not nice. I just do not get the praise this place gets, I find much better food for less elsewhere. But hey it might just be me since I am of the minority on this subject.
4	I was between a 3-4 stars.  I came here once before and wasn't impressed -- I thought it was a lot of money for nothing special.  But, today that changed.  I had the brie/prosciutto sandwich and I the fiesta salad. Both were great and I thought a great price for what you got.  The sandwich was very big. The salad was huge with a huge scoop of chili and a lot of avocado.  Very, very good.
5	I love visiting D & D. This place is about the atmosphere as well as the food. On the weekdays the place is bustling with corporate America, moms meeting up and exchanging baby stories, a few networkers collaborating on a project and one or two snooty folks. It make up a wonderful array of folks having lunch. On the weekends there are families, dogs, children, babies, old folks, young folks sharing stories and sitting outside listening to the great performer chosen for that weekend. There are misters around the patio area.I love the nooks and crannies where you can sit inside or outside. The sandwiches are good. I love the turkey on dark rye with avocado. They are generous on all fronts. Yes the place is pricey! Drinks, sandwiches and chips can run almost $30 for two people! However you get a free small concert on the weekends. The kids run loose, the dogs bark and it is fun! The wait staff is incredibly friendly and several folks have been working there for years. This is not a place for those individuals looking for a fancy dancy sandwich. This is a place to have fun, relax and enjoy some good food and a great atmosphere!
5	Duck and Decanter is one of those places where while eating your meal, you suddenly think, "Wait. Am I still in Phoenix?" This place is SO unlike anything else in midtown Phoenix that going there for the atmosphere is half the pleasure. It's part sandwich shop, part eclectic boutique, part wine cellar, part loft. And some other things thrown in too. Tucked away in a corner of a generic strip mall the place looks like someone's house from the 70's. Hard to describe. Once you enter there is a counter where you place your order with a little salad case, a cheese case, and a dessert case. Once you get your sandwich (or salad), you can either sit outside on the patio or take the stairs up to the upper dining area. Or sit on the upper deck outside patio. And yeah, the sandwiches can get a bit pricey but like I said, half the fun of the place is the atmosphere. I've always enjoyed my sandwich. It's not like I'm paying for something I don't like. The breads and the 'fixin's' have always been fresh and full of flavor. Go get a sandwich, do a little browsing, relax, and take in some people watching. And if you can figure out what city the place reminds you of, please let me know. Cause it's not Phoenix, for sure.
5	I love the Duck! My mom has taken me here for years growing up and I always loved their sammies and pickles. This last weekend a friend hosted a bridal shower for me on the patio and it was an amazing time.I didn't know you could reserve a private patio and it had the perfect mix of sun and shade. We had sammies and fruit salad catered and bought a few bottles of champagne. What else do you really need for a good time?We ended up staying a little longer than our 3 hour reservation and never felt any pressure to hurry up or leave. We still heard the live music and got the energy of the other patrons while having our privacy.Food was tasty as always. Fresh veggies, hearty bread and I love that pine nuts are in the veggie. One of the best lunch spots ever!
5	I really had no idea what I was getting myself into when I went to Duck and Decanter.  I'd seen the sign as I would drive south on the 51 and think "I like duck, and I REALLY like wine. This place would be perfect for me!"  As it turns out, I wasn't quite wrong, but it was not at all what I expected.The Duck and Decanter is a strange blend of deli, gourmet food and kitchen wares store, as well as wine shop.  It all comes together in a fun and eclectic building set far back from the street and the rest of the shops in the area.  You definitely feel, as you enter the candlelit courtyard beneath an enormous old tree, that the world outside does get a little more muffled than it really should be.  Wandering bemusedly through the tiny shop behind the courtyard, I was really struck by how unique this place felt in Phoenix.  Care is obviously put into not only the choice of wares being sold here, but the quality of food presented to the customer.When I finally got around to the deli counter, I was about to order their specialty duck sandwich when I saw they had a reuben.  As I find it hard to turn down a reuben anywhere, I asked the woman behind the counter what she advised.  Without hesitation she said, "The reuben."  Just as I had hoped and I'm glad I listened.  The sandwich was excellent.  Perfectly proportioned and fresh as possible without going backwards in time.  Making a good sandwich really is an art and the workers here are masterful as their craft.Sitting outside at night with a wonderful sandwich in this strangely out of place shop is an opportunity not to be missed.  But take care to go there when you have some time to really savor the place.  Like the wine, there's much to enjoy here and it'd be a shame to miss any of it.
4	I could live on eating a sandwich everyday and never get bored.  Oh the sandwiches are so great here, there's so many choices for everyone.  I just don't like spending an arm and a leg for what I get.  Like I said the sandwiches are great, but I have to admit they are overpriced.  I have been to many, many, many deli's and can get something comprable for nearly half the price.I still have been here many times and will come back.  I like the atmosphere here and makes me feel like I'm not in Phoenix.  I recommend this place, but be prepared to spend a little bit more than your used to for a sandwich.
4	Great sandwhiches, best in the valley...but prices are still too high!  Yet, I come back...been going here for 12 years now.
5	The BK Army had a meetup with our leader the lad we follow and the listen to every weeknight at 9pm on Channel 3. Oh wait, this suppose to be about the food, not Beverly Kidd. But she's so cute.Ok to the food. Its been about about two years since I have been to the The Duck and I have to say I really need to come back sooner next time. My usual fare is a roast beef or corned beef sandwich, but this time I wen for the duck sandwich. I can't believe that I waited this long to try out the signature meal. You get to choose what you want, a variety of cheese is accompanied by different mustards, mayo and of course the tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and of course almost every type of bread. What is probably the most fascinating is the assembly process. There are always at least five people assembling the orders, three taking orders or getting the orders to the customer. You order at one end, wait around a but and pick up on the other end. On between there are cookies, sauces, coffee pots and almost anything one could want to have a yummy meal. Then there is the stuff for the home kitchen or counter. So to the review the duck sandwich was amazing, going to have it again. Got mine on a croissant with a bit of mayo and mustard. Only got a half, with a beer. There is a small pub style corner with a smaller choice of beers. This didn't damper the meal at all. The place is always hopigng seems like. Seating upstairs overlooks the lower area, and the outside always seems to have a couple of four legged companions that are sometimes as humorous as the owners. The little fellas seem to know exactly how much they can annoy their larger counterparts. This is one nice deli, sandwich shop and gathering of just plain great folks. Oh yeah and Beverly Kidd was great fun to be with and eat with.. she also seemed to like the Chocolate Surprise cake I got for her.... opppss was that suppose to be kept quite?
4	Recently went to a happy hour with some former co-workers at D&D.  I was the first to arrive and waited at the tables outside for my party to arrive.  After a couple were there, we went inside to get some beverages and went upstairs for a table.  The beverage selection was good, I was drinking beer, and while they didn't have anything on tap that I was interested in that night, there were several in their selection of bottles.  Some more of our group arrived, and a cheese tray was ordered, and it was decided that we were going to go sit outside, b/c they were starting up the heaters.  We got a table right under a heater, not too far from three dudes playing music.  I probably would have rather stayed inside, if only because of the music...I'm not against music per se, but I have trouble listening/focusing on conversation when music is being played.  Anywho, the funny part about this was that at one point, the band brought up some girl from the crowd who sang two songs with them.  For whatever reason, the conversation stopped on the patio.  Not sure if everybody knew her or what, but another guy and I just started talking...I mean, if we were talking during the band, why not talk during this girl's singing?  Hopefully we weren't too loud and didn't offend her.  Anywho, the cheese tray was good, but wish it had been labeled, because whoever brought out the tray did not do a good job at telling us what was what (I can't even remember if one of our group brought it out or an employee).  One other minor problem was that our heater went out (ran out of gas) but no one ever came over to restart it, and it got cold...  Overall four stars.  Pretty good happy hour specials and a nice setting.  Bet this would be a pretty great place to go in the evenings when it's a tad warmer.
4	What a cute little place...well not that little. It's like a specialty food shop/knick knack/coffe shop with a deli and a patio with live music wine bar.I got the D.A.M sandwich and macaroni salad. The sandwich was delicious. Pullpork in a not super sticky, more savory, bbq sauce, cole slaw on top on an onion roll. This place can definitely do pulled pork correctly, it was a tiny bit dry, but still great flavor and piled high. The macaroni salad was whatever. A lil too mayonaisey and not much flavor. I should have tried the pasta salad or one of the other variety of sides in the refridgerated section. You can also get kettle chips. They have fountain soda or bottled or glass/bottle wine available. Pricing seemed fair. Mine was 8 or 9 bucks for a 4oz side and a sandwich. My cousin got the ham w/ spinach and some kind of mayo. She said it was good. And her friend got the sandwich with the genoa salami, she also said it wast tasty.Theres plently of seating outside, a little cubby to the side of the stairs, and apparently seating upstairs as well.When I am in town again I want to return to try another yumfest sandwich. I love em!!
5	I must say I can't believe I have not yet written a review on The Duck yet. As literally one of my favorite places in town one would think it would be at the top of my to do list. Maybe it is my secret desire to keep it a secret, as best as I can, so that it does not turn into a zoo everyday and I can't get my yummy sammies. It is also extremely surprising to me that some have gone to lengths of posting a negative review of The Duck. It seems that in those cases they are wanting The Duck to be something it's clearly not; a mainstream-mass production-delivary running-squeeky clean-just-like-every-there kinda place. If that's what you are looking for then I would suggest going to AJ's, they might be a better fit for you.Duck and Decanter has been around for longer than I have been around. They have won award after award for the best sandwich in town. I am surprised Kanye hasn't busted in on a subway commercial and told Jared that he would let him finish, but Duck and Decanter has the best stuff EVER! It has a homey feel, that makes you almost say (as Jeff L. put it) "Am I still in Phoenix?" They have daily soups and special sandwiches. Their cheese is out of this world, the best provolone I have ever had for sure. They slice all their meat in house and very thin, perfect! I would tell you what sammy is my favorite, but that list would go on way too long. Turkey on a croissant, bree with roasted red peppers and prosciutto, garlic chicken salad, BLT.... The Duck is the perfect spot to have lunch out on the patio on a sunny Saturday or Sunday. They have a musician playing music most of the time and sometimes even have cute little farmers markets and art fests. It is perfectly tucked back in the shopping center with Sports Authority shielding you from the hustle and bustle. There is a fun grass area for pets and children to run around on. They also have some great knickknack shopping available to pa-ruse while you wait for your food. They have all kinds of coffee, tea, dishware, cookware, marinades, candy, drinks, wind chimes, magnets, jewelry, specialty gifts, and so on and so on. You can also call ahead and reorder to avoid the sometimes very long line. Have fun!
5	I am so happy to go someplace and get EXACTLY what i want and order.  Cucumbers?  Sure!  Many and fresh.  Avocado?  Sure!  Lots and fresh.  Turkey?  Lots and fresh.  Iced tea?  Which flavor?  And a pickle and a mint in the bag.  Super.
4	good sandwiches.
5	Holy delicious.My husband and I met a few friends for a relaxing afternoon on a Saturday.  I have never been here, but one of us recommended the atmosphere.  I had the Vermont, which consists of ham, cheese spread, apples, spinach, and pine nuts.  I switched the bread from whole grain to sourdough.  I inhaled it!The outdoor patio was beautiful and the beer/wine choices were flowing.  We had a lovely, sun-filled afternoon with a solo guitarist tinkering in the background.  The staff was friendly but efficient.The wait was a bit long for sandwiches at a deli (about 20 minutes) but the wait was super worth it.  There is a shop to buy some sauces, coffees, teas, and other "schtuff".So good.  Cannot wait to meet up again.
4	This is a great place for lunch.Tip: Try to get there before/after the lunch crowd hits.I ordered "The Whole Thing" sandwich.  Piled high with ham, turkey, and salami.  This is an awesome sandwich.Make sure to try their iced tea which is always fresh brewed and has different flavors daily.Friendly staff and an interesting selection of gourmet items, wine, cheese and other things to buy as well.
5	I like Heather P's review.  Holy deliciousness indeed.I ordered the genoa from here last week.  I started out a bit crabby because several employees walked by me without acknowleding that I was standing in front of the "order here" sign.  But any annoyance immediately disappeared upon my first bite of my sandwich.  They were out of their normal bread so they offered me ciabatta.  I would never order it different, the bread, cream cheese and meat was a perfect combination.  It just might be on my top 10 sandwiches of all time list.Their patio was pretty crowded since apparently they have live music quite often, so I ended up eating upstairs.  It was actually much cooler upstairs than downstairs so I highly recommend it on hot days.
4	Nice place to catch up with your girlfriends over glasses (and more glasses) of wine. Patio Platter on the Patio...must I say more?
5	This is my favorite deli in Phoenix. Two words: Vermont Treat. (Made with Maple Glazed Ham, Pinenuts, Spinach, Sliced Apples, Duck and Decanter's Famous Cheddar Cheese Spread on Multigrain.)I like this place because I always know what I want (see above), and anyone I bring with me can always find something that fits their tastes, too. For the indecisive bunch, Duck & Decanter offers a list of signature sandwiches with the ingredients already listed. And for the pickier, er, more decided folks, D&D can make custom sandwiches, too -- you can choose your bread, meat, and toppings.The ready-made pastas and other sides here are delicious, too, but I rarely get them, because their sandwiches are already so filling!**Helpful Hint: You must, must, must either beat the lunch crowd or postpone your visit until after the lunch hour, otherwise you'll be at the end of a very long line.**
3	I really love the duck sandwich at their deli which I never had before.  The wine bar is treat too for washing down your food and plenty of outdoor seating for a group meet.  The rest of the place is kind of confusing in terms of the varying stuff that they have for sale. I'm not sure how it blends in with the deli but then again, this is an opportunity to try out a new place.
4	Great atmosphere to grab lunch with a friend. Plenty of seating outside, and a huge variety of funky sandwiches to try. This is not your average place to grab a bite to eat--highly recommend!!
3	I have never been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  Every time I heard the name "Duck & Decanter"  I would picture a nice sit-down joint with waiters and pictures of hunting stuff on hunter green walls.  This is certainly not the case I realized upon entering.  It is just a sandwich place that also sells a bunch of random bric-a-brac.  It is all basically picnic stuff I think.  I dunno...it was real difficult to get a feel for the place.  It was all pretty random to me.  But anyway, about the food....I ordered "The Duckling" sandwich was is one of their "signature sandwiches".  It seemed like a good selection because the name of the sandwich and the sandwich itself had duck in it and so does the name of the restaurant.  However, the sandwich was just ok.  Nothing special.  Not worth 9 bucks.  just a few slices of meat in between 2 pieces of bread.All the sandwiches on the menu did however look interesting.  They are definitely not your typical "sandwich place" type sandwiches.  Well some of them are but they all have that special Duck & Decanter twist.  The have some deli type sandwich selections as well but I would prefer to just go to a deli for those.My wife ordered the chicken salad and it was very very good.  I would order it if I ever visit the place again.  She ordered the Sonoran with spicy oil & vinegar.  It was very tasty and no mayo or any of the bad stuff.The service was very friendly but I took a long while to get our sandwiches.  There must have been a large order ahead of us or something because there weren't many people in the place.  I couldn't imagine going here on a weekday during the  lunch rush because the line would likely be out the door and would take forever to get your food.  Luckily for me I went on a hot Sunday afternoon.
5	Quack!  Quack!  I have LOVED the Duck for many, many years.  I go there for a 'custom made' sandwich everytime I am in the neighborhood.It is a very unique place and I have never had a bad experience.
2	Have enjoyed this spot for years but what has happened to Camelback store? Sandwiches and friendly staff still good as ever but during two-three visits over past year, once-inviting patio has degenerated into a dirty, neglected eyesore full of dead leaves from nearby trees, dusty unbussed tables and an inoperative misting system. A real turn-off, especially since you have to walk through patio to enter, even to pick up to-go orders.
4	Excellent sandwiches.  Avocado on toasted sourdough was the best.  Must have had two whole avocados on the sandwich!
1	I really don't even know where to start with this place.  I've lived in Central Phoenix for 8 years and have always heard about how great this place was.  That's the only reason I didn't turn around and walk out upon entering.  The decor in this place is cluttered, old, and feels dirty.  They sell most of their "decorations" and if you are looking for a basket from 1984 you will surely find one. The floors, the tables, the walls - everything just looks old and worn.  I don't find that particularly appetizing.  So I figured, this place must make one hell of a sandwich to keep such a high reputation, and placed my order.  While very nice, the staff is s...l...o...w...  I ordered the briesciutto.  I figured brie, prosciutto, sun dried tomatoes - can't mess that up, right?  Wrong.  The French bread was hard as a rock and was way too much bread.  The sun dried tomatoes were huge, but overpowered everything else.  I couldn't taste the brie or the prosciutto.     For what I paid and what I've heard, I had expected much better.  I was very disappointed in the entire experience.My overall recommendation: just go across the parking lot to Einstein's.
3	The pros: - fresh ingredients- attention to detail - variety of foods, snacks, goodies and drinksThe cons:- expensive- location / parking inconvenientBrief review:All in all, a good place to hang out and grab a drink with a friend when it's nice outside. Friendly, prompt service. Clean tables. Great atmosphere!  The only real problem is your wallet is going to be much, much lighter after you leave.  If you're going because you're hungry and you want value, this isn't your place.  If you're going to hang with friends to relax and enjoy the day, I think you'll enjoy the place.
5	"The Duck" has been a regular haunt for me as long as I can remember. Even as a child I loved going to the Duck & Decanter. The sandwiches are absolutely delish as well as original. If you're not feeling adventurous though, you can always creat your own favorite. The cheese selection is decent and the cheese plates are always generous. In the wine room, you will find an excellent selection wines and beers, and an always helpful and knowledgeable staff member should you, like myself, need help making a choice. The patio is a wonderful place to spend an afternoon, especially when there is live music and fabulous weather. (Plus dogs are welcome on the patio.) Family owned and operated, the Duck is a valley favorite as well as my favorite!
4	I've never seen a real duck at this Decanter, but I'm pretty sure that if they knew what a great little treat this local business is, they'd be lining up and quaking to be let in. Duck and Decanter is an adorable little local deli, wine bar and gift shop in Phoenix. With a perfect patio to enjoy lunch on a nice day and a gift shop with unique finds to browse through while you wait for your sandwich, it's an enjoyable experience all around. The food here is freshly made and up to gourmet par. They have a selection of cheeses to satisfy any dairy like and the wine is equivalently nice. I like to visit the Duck when I want a quality lunch and need it in a short period of time. My go-to sandwich is the ham and brie with honey mustard. It's a big sandwich too so I always have a left-over afternoon snack. They have a huge selection of drinks and chips -- including baked lays and for the times when my sweet tooth takes over, they have a variety of brownies, cookies and candy as well. I always enjoy browsing through the gift shop and it's a perfect stop if looking for a unique gift that's off the beaten path. Duck also supports local AZ so they have several events throughout the year with local businesses and promote other local happenings around town. The wine bar is intimate and full of spectacular vinos. I always forget about the wine bar and need to remember to visit more often. All in all, Duck and Decanter is a true treat for my taste buds every time I visit. If you're in a hurry, call ahead and place an order to pick up because it can get pretty busy during lunch time. They also deliver!
4	I love this place so much. Delicious and fun to be at.
1	Our weekly Empowerment meeting creates around lunch. It seems we are forever looking for a place that has good prices and a quiet place for us to brainstorm and raise our energy. We have stumbled upon Duck and Decanter. Finding this restaurant is only half the battle, the other is where the heck the front door is. I felt I was intruding on the outside patrons, only to realize I had to meander through, taking a glimpse at what they were devouring to get to the front door, an added bonus I suppose. Opening the front door to a happily buzzing place seemed like quite a treat. To your right is small wine area, to the left were barrels and stuff. A bit confusing, but basically it is like walking into a deli shop of olden days. I had no idea what I was doing. I stood in line and squinted at the barely visible menu of an array of deli meats, smoked meats, salads and more. Of course being gluten intolerant one can hope she has hit the conscious jackpot..but not today...I will just have the insides..no bun! But wait! I see smoked duck and wait..I can order the sandwich of my choice and have it made into a salad. Well that is a great compromise! Of course to know me is to know I am gunna ask a lot of questions, my main concern, does the smoked duck use nitrites, nitrates or any of those other nasty carcinogens. Rather shocked by the question, the gentleman serving me has no idea and had no intentions of looking. Damn! I was really hoping for the duck! I quickly go with plan B as I weigh nitrites or high fructose corn syrup and soybean oil..with that it was the tuna salad. You can not pay for your meal in advance as the idea is to meander the store..so I did. there were barrels of tea and coffee ready to be ground at your request. I was not impressed with the coffee grinder on the floor-ewwww. There was also an espresso area but it was not operational. There are gadgets to buy for your kitchen, and packaged condiments and foods that I presume they make fresh there. There are fountain drinks , bottled drinks, good assortment of water and non alcoholic beer, and loads of sugary add ons within tempting reach right at the cash register-brilliant! And there is not tempting this fort Knox (well the rice cripsy treats looked..nooo must...resist...I get my food, pay and go up stairs. There are different levels and two places to sit outside, which makes this place even more interesting. I open my package and there right on top are two pieces of bread stuck to my tuna. I read the entry for the Entree salad and it said nothing about adding in the bread. I ordered the salad due to the fact I can not tolerate gluten. Too hungry to care, I peel off the bread and I dive into my food and I am shocked at how awful it is. What is that mushy stuff? I think it was water chestnuts in my tuna salad. Who puts water chestnuts, (if that was what it was) in their tuna salad? I was unimpressed with the fact that the tuna salad was put on a bed of spring lettuce (which is a thumbs up for this nutritionist), some sliced celery and string cheese. Cheese?!? Who eats cheese with their tuna? The tuna itself was extremely dry and too salty for my liking, and I had a tough time getting it down, and eventually I got so turned off I did not finish it. There was no dressing and no taste.  I ended up not eating the salad either. What a waste of  $10.00 including guilt tip! At least the company I was with was fantastic! Some restaurants ask you if you have been to their establishment before so that they can have the opportunity to give you the best experience possible. I truly believe this is something Duck and Decanter could adopt. Maybe I was supposed to order dressing, I have no idea. Since I had never been there before and did not know what I was doing. I did ask someone else about the ingredients and she took the time to look and confirmed my suspicions-sigh. I can't wait until there is a conscious shift to what we are putting in our bodies and those who are Celiac or gluten intolerant can eat without anxiety! Is this a place for those who are Celiac or gluten intolerant? NO there is not enough awareness of ingredients, and handling of food. Bathrooms? yes weird..outside of the building, but clean. Would I return? No but for the sake of my friends, which is way more important, I will and eat some where else first.
3	Good sandwiches, cuter restaurant.  It holds a lot of tcotchkes and imported items.  The sandwiches are pricey but delicious and come with a pickle.  Worth a visit.  (the downtown location doesn't have nearly as much charm)  Stick with ordered custom sandwiches and not the sandwich trays which are just your typical roast beef, turkey sandwiches etc.
1	I don't understand the regular bustle and patio crowd here, except for maybe the wine.  I thought the sandwiches were just so so, unmemorable.the tea as well.
3	I don't get it. I really don't. I feel like I could be stoned to death in Phoenix for saying this but Duck & Decanter just is not that good. First of all, it's in a parking lot. Like, seriously by GNC, some fast food and a Sports Authority. Sexy? No! Once you get past the fact that they "adorable patio" as coined by others is in a parking lot, you hope the food blows you away. Well, it doesn't. I can make the same sandwiches are home. Honestly.. they're pretty standard. Way overpriced and the gift shop is so crammed with stuff it's overwhelming and annoying.
4	WOW, what a place, great vegetarian spot, small market spot, Why not five starts, I'm very conservatives how many I give away.  From the basics this place has all the fresh ingredients that your stomach will never forget.I can't forget the nice wine menu here as well.  What a great place to go on the weekends and relax.
5	After 14 years in the valley we finally made it to The Duck!  What a wonderful surprise!  Friendly staff, great  foods and an adorable shop plus a wine bar and patio for added bonus!  Couldn't possibly look at everything they have to offer in the short wait for our food, but will definately make another trip here soon!  Many many many products from all over the world along with over 60 International cheeses to choose from!  Great choices in salads and sandwiches along with anything you want to drink or take it with you!  This place is exceptional and can be very overwhelming on your first visit, but you can easily change around anything you want from the bread to the condiments and add any kind of cheese you could possibly think of!  Yes it is a little odd to get to the first time and yes there is a parking lot next to this place, but it has been there for over 35 years - so I'm betting GNC, Sports Authority or Einsteins (ugh - the worst!) was even a thought when this place was built, besides after you enter their lovely patio you completely forget about all of that!  It's better than I ever imagined and we are both ready to go back and try more!We can't believe it's taken us this long to visit this place and now we are sorry we waited, what a great find!  If you live in the valley you owe it to yourself to try The Duck!  As for the people who say expensive - I don't know where they are eating but this is very reasonable, especially for this quality of food!Cheese lovers delight!!!
4	Today was a whirlwind of a day. Before my husband and I set out on our groupon redeeming adventure all over Phoenix, we decided to stop in here for lunch. This is the first time I have been in here to eat since becoming vegetarian almost a year and a half ago, and before then we used to come in all of the time. At least once a month to get some sandwiches while we were out shopping in this part of town. Today I decided would be a good day to check this place back out, as I was craving sandwiches anyways. We must have come in at an off time because it wasn't very crowded. But then again, most people don't eat lunch at 3pm. There was a musician playing out on the patio for a few guests.We walked in and my husband and I both decided on the Where's the beef? sandwich, which was lettuce, tomato, avocado, jicama, celery, sprouts, cucumber, swiss cheese, mayo and mustard. I got mine on an onion roll and my husband decided on whole wheat. We paroozed the store while we were waiting for our sandwiches and we also purchased a large bottle of water and chips. There is also a little section inside where you can purchase teas, coffees, jams, spices, oils, kitchen tools, among other items. I can't say that I have ever bought any of these items but some of them are pretty interesting. Today I saw boxed potatoes. I don't know why but I thought it was the strangest thing ever. Anyways. So our sandwiches are ready and we pay and we sat upstairs overlooking the rest of the store. I dig into my sandwich and I really love it. I'm a sandwich slut anyways so its easy to make me happy, but there were a ton of veggies. I didn't feel like I was gipped at all. Most sandwich places will give you the flattest sandwich possible. But this one was large and in charge. I got full half way through and still ate the whole thing because of how good it tasted. I think the value for a sandwich like this is just about the same as every other sandwich shop I have had that has a vegetarian option. It was $7, which is about average. So I don't feel like I was robbed or anything. We will definitely be back soon!
4	This place is a little pricey, but the sandwiches hit the spot.  I'm a fan of the "Where's the Beef?," a vegetarian sandwich, aptly named because when you bite into it, you don't give a damn where the beef is because your mouth is full of avocado, tomato, pine nuts, and other tasty things.Their ladies' room has one of those weird towel machines in it.  You know, where you roll out a clean section of towel to wipe your hands?  Not paper towels, real towel.  I've never seen one anywhere else.The area near the kitchen is filled with all sorts of weird luxury kitchen stuff; spices and dishes and expensive decorations, and other crappy junk that no one needs.  I can't decide whether it annoys me or keeps me entertained while I'm waiting for my sandwich.At any rate, you'll get a tasty sandwich and the upstairs area is a nice quiet place to talk with your friends during a meal.  If you're looking for a bargain, Cheese & Stuff on Central and Camelback is a better value for a great sandwich.  But The Duck has a heck of a lot more options.
2	I honestly dont understand the appeal to this place. Its an overpriced convenience store that makes food. The sandwiches are decent...nothing to write home about yet nothing to bash about them either...they are just plain "ok". This wouldn't be a bad thing if I wanted to stop in and grab a quick bite to eat, but the prices here are beyond stupid for a mediocre sandwich. If you are getting a Sandwich and a drink you are in the double digits. Please do yourself a favor and go eat at Jimmy John's which is 100 times better. This place is subway quality for way more money. I think their deserts aren't bad which is a positive....but the deserts are also expensive. Comeon...get over yourself D&D.
5	Anyone who knows me will tell you that this is my favorite place on earth. I know that it sounds like an exaggeration. It is not. EVERYTHING is phenomenal here. "The Duck" is my measuring stick for every other sandwich shop and deli. Your first time here may be a little confusing, because your order will be taken on a paper bag and there are a lot of options. You should feel safe in the knowledge that no matter what you get you will be happy. My favorites are:Traditional sandwich.... Roast Beef or Smoked Turkey on any of the breads, with mayo, lettuce, tomato, swiss cheese, add sprouts. Feeling like tuna? Alabcore tuna on toasted ciabatta, with no celery, add sprouts, with lettuce, tomato, and swiss cheese. The Albacore as a salad is a great option if you are not eating breads at the time (which would be tragic because all of their bread is fresh and perfect).Uncommon... Italian Dry Salami on sourdough with mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, and swiss cheese. Just do it. Get the tea of the day. Browse the wine and beer room, consider getting a coffee drink at some juncture, and peruse all of the knick knacks and food stuffs. They'll call your name when it is ready.I have had just about everything on the menu. No, I HAVE had everything on the menu. I am partial to the swiss cheese because I have not been able to find cheese like that anywhere else, but if you like cheddar (some of  you do) then try the Longhorn- it is the same price as the swiss, any other cheese will cost you extra. If you like cheese in general, then do yourself a favor and get a cheese tray, call some friends, get some wine, and relax. Get a sandwich to share with your pals, you don't want to make them jealous.
4	4 stars only because I enjoy this place for a specific purpose.I see a lot of p----ing and moaning reviews about the sandwiches, and in many respects I would agree.  It is overpriced, and they are just sandwiches.  You are also in the Camelback corridor and right on the brink of the biltmore area, so one should not be surprised about the prices.  That having been said, I typically do not go here specifically for the food.As to why I am a fan, the wine selection and folks who work the wine room are fantastic.  In the spring and fall months this is a great place to go with a group and just enjoy some drinks on their patio.
3	The atmosphere is awesome, perfect for a luncheon with friends. The iced coffee is good and so are their sandwiches.
4	Tasty local grub. Not cheap but fresh and delicious.
3	I have such mixed flippie floppie feelings for D&D. I absolutely LOVE the selection of loose teas (black currant is number one good). The market area has a ton of neat little knickknacks, condiments, snacks and other goodies. Almost every sandwich I've had has been tasty. One complaint though is that they got rid of the maple glazed ham. That was the best, lean ham, and the replacement is just not satisfying. The staff is always helpful and friendly, especially with newbies that aren't familiar with the Nooner. I agree with the others that it is pricey. $7 for a sammich and $2 for a bag of Kettle chips? Cha-ching!
4	This might surprise you, but this place doesn't have servers. I was expecting a sit-down-and-order experience, but was wrong and I've talked to others who've thought the same thing (there are places to sit it's just more like a deli than a restaurant). Still, that shouldn't put you off...they make great sandwiches and on Mondays they have GREAT lunch specials!Sometimes there is live music, which is real nice (especially if the performer is attractive and sometimes they are).When I go I usually order the Avacado Sandwich or the Briesciutto.
1	So, I've been going to this place for years, not b/c the food blows my mind, but rather it hits the spot. Plus, I love sitting on the patio drinking wine when the weather is nice with my best gal. Anyhow, my other best gal, my mom had never tried this spot. I  thought Duck would be great for a quick casual lunch. She's a vegetarian so we ordered the Where's the Beef sandwich to share. It took about 20 minutes to make the sandwich, which feels like an eternity when your hungry.When I glanced at the sandwich I thought perhaps they had added some portobello mushrooms to it. Turns out, the dark brown layer was actually rotten avocado. REALLY!!!!??? I mean come on! Avocado is like prime rib to vegetarians. How can you F this up? It was truly nasty. It got me to thinking, if someone actually put this into the sandwich, what else would their low standards allow them to place into an unsuspecting victims sammie. It's not like they make them with blindfolds on. I was really grossed out.When I brought it to the manager's attention, she didn't seem that bothered by it. They remade half a sandwich for me, and that was that.It was annoying b/c I left feeling that Duck & Decanter takes for granted the fact that loyal customers will stick with them no matter what. Well, not this one.Plus, that place needs a serious dusting. Yuck.
5	Delicious sandwiches and a little beer & wine bar in the back with a great bartender.  Bob is very knowledgable about everything they carry and what will best pair with your food.Toast the bread and shoot the breeze for a great experience!
4	I always forget about Duck & Decanter, and then as soon as I visit again, I'm reminded about how pleasant it is to eat here.At first glance, the menu can seem a little overwhelming - so many choices!  And they all sound so delicious!  But as someone who can be a little picky at times, I really appreciate the ability to easily customize my sandwich, or better yet, just build my own!  There is also an extensive choice of sides, sweets and beverages to chose from!  And while you're waiting for them to make your sandwich, check out the cool (unique!) stuff they carry!  A great place to pick up souveniers for visitors or a gift for a friend.  The patio (in nice weather) is very nice with wonderful mature trees, and the music that is available from time to time adds to the ambience.
5	Duck and Decanter is a pretty cool place, especially for lunch.  The atmosphere has some type of a small-town feel to it, where the place not only has sandwiches, but sells spices and wine, among other stuff. I really felt comfortable and actually wanted to spend a little more time in there, but I was on a tight schedule.I had a turkey sandwich.  The turkey was fantastic, and the ingredients were fresh.  I was really impressed with the wheat bread.  It really made the sandwich.As I was waiting for my sandwich, I couldn't help but notice, the many different salads they had on display.  All of them looked good, so I decided to go with a little macaroni salad.  WOW, it was so good!  I bought a half-pint, thinking I'd save some for later, when instead, I just ate the whole thing.  Whoops!I cant wait to go back!
4	I think I'll end up at the Duck & Decanter each time I come back to visit Phoenix.I've tried the turkey sandwich and the pulled pork sandwich and both tasted fresh and great.  It might run you a couple of dollars more than a Subway sandwich but it's worth it.Service is great, but as others have mentioned its not really a sit-down restaurant, you go up and order your sandwich, pick it up, and you can sit either outside or upstairs if you want to 'dine-in'.
2	Not sure how they got four stars. The place is cute but that's about it. It is unkept and feels dirty and old, it has a potential of being a great little cafe if they would serve good food. Often run out of ingredients, the sandwiches are not cheap and they don't give you much for your $.
4	Very good prices for food, and it's great! Wonderful service as well. I also love their selections of breads, meats, cheeses, etc, etc!Some of the items in the store (not on the menu) are a bit overpriced. Also, when I have taken my sandwich home, it didn't last very long and wasn't nearly as good as it was in the restaurant.
4	I have enjoyed this place since I was in high school!  I love their sandwiches...you get to make your own!  I always get ham, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado and sprouts (sometimes) all on whole wheat!  Yum!  I also love a nice chai too!  They have a cool set up you can eat up or downstairs.  They have a giftshop which is cute.  I have not gone there for their wine bar, but I hear its good!  I would try it!  All the ingredients are fresh and the staff there are always so upbeat and friendly!  It is always busy so just be prepared for that...you can always order ahead!  They also have a location downtown...its nice, but this one is better.  That one caters more to those that need something to go quickly!
4	I have been here a ton of times and the sandwiches are always great. The have a lovely little market as well and the patio is the best. On Sunday afternoons they have live music on the patio.
4	Wow this is a really cool place.  Im not sure if the Duck would qualify more as a deli or a grocery, but its got a pretty wide selection of products.  Nice selection of beer and wine and  cheese.  The architecture of the building is pretty neat as well!I stopped by here for the Local First event and it was really impressive!  There was a beer tasting going on on the patio of the bar and samples of cheese and tea provided for free.
3	We visited for the annual Local First Fall Festival. There was no parking available, so we had to go across the street. There were also too many people, so crowding and navigation were problematic. There were a good number of tents offering free samples. It was great to try food from several local places, since we got to discover new places to visit later. Unfortunately, none were selling food, so we couldn't also get lunch on the spot and had to go elsewhere for a full meal. I like this event as a way to try food samples and explore potential places to visit in the future.
5	10 Reasons why I love thee: 1. Specifically, the Where's the Beef? Vegetarian sandwich. Fresh veggies like avocado, sprouts, lettuce, swiss and more. Good bread, not dry, not stale, just plain good bread. Plus full of flavor! And I'm not even a vegetarian.2.   Alcohol with my sandwich, what a great thing to pair up and a huge variety at their wine bar3. Side options, so many to choose from and not just the normal potato salad or pasta salad. They have those too, but sides like cottage cheese with herbs, southwestern salad, egg salad and more4. Bread, meat, spreads and cheese selections too - I haven't tried all of them, but they all look delicious5. The gift store... I'm always looking for a place to bring out of town visitors and this will be one of them. Its an airy building with cute items and some would be useful around the house too6. All of the seating options, upstairs, downstairs, in the wine bar area, outside with live music, even midway on the stairs7. Friendly service from the people taking our food order to the bartender taking our drinks8. Live music in the courtyard area, such peaceful music that is not blaring loud. I can hear myself talk and enjoy the music too9. That its next to Copenhagen Furniture. Yeah... most wouldn't care, but give me a break, I'm looking for furniture.10. Half size options. I still take half of my meal home, but at least I'm not eating multiple meals of it.  I haven't tried the coffee or their breakfast, but I'm sure its good too. I know this place has been around for a long time and I have no idea what it tasted like before, but I like what it is now. I love this place just the way it is.
5	Tuna pita pockets are the best. Great place for food!!!!!
5	Best sandwiches in Phoenix. I love the building, the wine selection, the coffee, the live music and the ambience.
5	I've never been disappointed here.
5	Went here for a friends birthday. They have a nice outside patio. That you can reserve. Great options for sandwiches & wine. I absolutely love these types of places where it's a deli but also a great little shop with crazy jams, sauces, teas & cookwares.
4	A colleague who used to live in Phoenix recommended Duck & Decanter to me. I'd seen the sign out by North 16th Street, but didn't know it was a restaurant/shop. I tried it and - wow - great sandwich! They are made to order and are customizable. I get the Smokey Forest with turkey instead of ham. While you're waiting for your order, grab a table out on the patio or browse the shop for local foods, jams, honeys, or spices as well as cookbooks and other tchotchkes. They close earlier than some other restaurants, so be sure to check the hours before you stop by.
2	Why do people like this place?  Can't they buy a loaf of sliced bread, some deli meat and some dijon mustard at any grocery store and make a comparable sandwich?  I am a long time Phoenix resident, and I have always thought this place was BORING!  I have to meet people here once  in a while, and always make up the excuse that I have already eaten.
5	I would say they have earned my business for life, but it doesn't feel like business when you're treated like a friend. The ambiance, charm and quirkiness of this place makes one feel right at home. Delicious deli items, an eclectic wine offering and top-notch service make this place my new favorite Valley staple. Great for events! Keep them in mind for your baby shower/bar mitzvah/engagement party etc.
4	I met a friend the other day at Duck and Decanter. I had always wondered about this place because, an East Coast transplant, I assumed that it was some kind of a pub/restaurant typical of big Northeast cities. It was the name that threw me. I was completely taken by surprise when I entered. It is a deli/market/bakery combo. Think Cracker Barrel merged with Le Grand Orange sprinkled with Which Wich. Fascinating concept!The sandwich that I ordered was delicious and I took a heap of pickles that come with. I managed to avoid buying anything else like chips or baked goods, but did so with a sad heart. Everything looked wonderful. My friend and I had a great lunch and leisurely talked for hours. No wait staff came to give us dirty looks or cleared our plates as we took our last bites. It was a good experience and I will definitely come again. Next time I will eat some sweets, browse the store, sit on the patio with my dog, and listen to the music outside - of course, not all at once.
5	This is by far the best place in Phoenix for an afternoon with family and friends for sandwiches. Sit outside on a beautiful fall or spring afternoon and sometimes you can catch some live music.They also have a nice wine bar with a good selection by the bottle or glass. The Duck offers spices, cookbooks, and unique gifts for last minute shopping.I have been coming to the Duck for over 20 years and highly recommend it. Watch out for the weekly lunch rush though. It gets extremely busy and problematic if you have somewhere to be.
4	The cheese selection is very large and reasonably priced for the kinds of cheese available. That is not to say that duck and decanter is cheap. I prefer the staff at the north central location over this location. Duck and Decanter almost has a monopoly on unique cheeses, coffees, teas, etcs. The only other real option is AJ's and the prices there are exorbitant.
5	I'm the very rare Phoenician who has been born and raised here. Most of the older, more established places really resonate with all of us, since we've frequented them so much throughout the years....or at least that is me. For those whom aren't from here, or do not know of Duck and Decanter, all you need to know is that this is THE ONLY BROWN BAG PLACE YOU NEED TO KNOW OF. Period.**The Layout**As soon as you walk in, you see a number of things First you will notice the fun food items and nick-knacks on shelves, all usable and able to be purchased for use in your kitchen. Off to your left you will also see a coffee bar which is directly in front of the wine room. Each offer excellent products as well as experienced servers who can help you decide further. You also will see on the left wall a large selection of extremely high quality coffees from around the globe. Finally, to the right a large deli section with fridges filled with the same meats, cheeses, and sides you enjoyed in your sandwich**Fud**The food is excellent, of course. Everything used is waaaaay above the quality of normal sandwich shops. You have a wide selection of fresh made pasta options as well as soups and other various sides. Its truly up to you to make your own brown bag special. My favorite is the Sonoran Chicken, with a wheat bread blend and swiss or provolone.... You can't go wrong with anything here guys. The staff work hard and care about your experience.**What else?!?!**They have awesome music events planned out each week utilizing the patio out front. It is a two story building, so you can go upstairs and go up their for a group event if wanted.ENJOY EVERYONE!!!!!!!
5	Duck and Decanter is more than just a sandwich shop for me.As a young girl, I would frequently come to D&D with my dad. We would always get sandwiches, and I would be allowed to get a prize from the toy chest (not sure if they have it anymore). It was a place where we got to spend time together and bond, which was rare because as an  OB/GYN, my dad was frequently on call and at work. I was pleased to recently find out that after all of these years, Duck and Decanter has not lost its honey feel, warm ambiance, and quality of their food. This June, I took my dad there for Father's Day lunch. The sandwiches were as good as I remember. Nothing extravagant or peculiar, just classic sandwiches. Fresh breads, crispy lettuce, vine ripened tomatoes (among other things) and yummy mayonnaise. Not to mention their meat is very high quality and fresh-- all still at the amazing quality I remember as a young girl- fantastic. The staff is nice, helpful and super friendly. They give the place a warm feel to it. While you're there, make sure to shop around a bit, as they do have quite a few little trinkets and specialty food items like hot sauces, chocolates, and jams. All of their items are fairly moderately priced as well. To eat, you can either go upstairs to their loft area, sit on their tucked away yet lively patio, or in the lobby area of the restaurant. All places are nice, clean, and family friendly! Duck and Decanter is truly a great place to get a great quality sandwich and spend some quality time with the family.
5	I absolutely love Duck & Decanter. Their sandwiches are always fresh and delicious. I especially like that you can build your own sandwich. I usually go for a turkey, bacon, and avocado sandwich on wheat bread. Can you say yum?! The bacon especially, since it is huge and thick - I'm pretty sure it's prosciutto, 'cause this ain't no regular bacon. I always order this sandwich and my husband always wants a bite or half the sandwich. (He usually orders the Genova sandwich.) It's definitely a sandwich you could share, but only grudgingly. The store itself is really nice to browse and find specialty chocolates or treats while you wait for your sandwich. I'm always tempted to buy the fancy chocolate bars - there's too many to choose from! It's nice that they carry local product and other items.There's plenty of room to sit, whether it's upstairs or outside on the patio. The patio is fantastic, especially when there's live music. We love coming here on the weekend to sit back and relax. If you love sandwiches, you should definitely stop by Duck & Decanter. This is one of the best sandwich places in Phoenix!
5	Seriously, why did NO ONE tell me about this place?  i had a random bread bowl craving (a la Perkins, which dont seem to exist here) and per yelp reviews, Duck and Decanter had them.  And sure enough they did!This place totally surpassed all my expectations.  Employees are SUPER friendly, food is so good (spinach salad - yum, firey italian sandwich was amazing) and there is a little wine and beer bar tucked in the corner.This place had me grinning ear to ear like a fool.  Makes me happy and i can't wait to go back!
2	Ok based on people's review I was expecting fabulous - husband and I went in one night for some soup and sammies - both of our meals were mediocre at best - won't be back until we have exhausted all other options - Food quality was ok - the bread was nothing to write home about (and is that not what makes a sammie?) - veggies were fresh and deli meat was meh.  Sorry - I wanted to love it -
5	Recent family lunch at the Duck, outside under the amazing eucalyptus trees, had more great sandwiches.  It's so easy to get a really layered and yummy vegetarian sandwich with great side treats.  And the meat-a-tarians in the family loved their sandwiches too!
5	This is no ordinary deli. My mom and my grandfather & I used to have lunch here all the time when I was a little girl. I'm glad to see that it's still the same and just as good as I remember it to be. It has a certain homey feeling to it. The sandwiches are amazing! The smoked turkey is still my favorite.  The outside patio is the best place to enjoy your lunch when the weather is lovely.  This is a real Phoenix treasure. You need to try it. Enough said.
5	This is one of the best places to get a deli sandwich. They are nice and piled high on the freshest bread. You get to choose what goes on your sandwich. There are a lot of side items to choose from as well like potato salad, pasta, etc. I am a huge fan of their iced coffee! It also doubles as a store so you can find cute little trinkets and unique grocery items. Hey, if you want chips or candy with your sandwich, you can pick it off the shelf and enjoy it then. They even have a little doggie station with treats and a water bowl.
3	"What's good on the menu?  It's my first time here.""Everything. Or it wouldn't be on the menu.""Haha, okay." Really what I'm thinking, "Easy there, Tiger.  I'm about to check-in and Yelp! about you." Cute store with lots international stuff you can't get at a grocery store. Ordered the The Hot Sandwich, which was just average. Bread was soggy, but meat was tender and tasty.  The second order was a Genoa sandwich, which turned into a tuna salad sandwich.  Took it back and waited almost 10 minutes while my boyfriend ate by himself upstairs.  Sandwich was pretty good.  I liked the aoili sauce and the meat was thick sliced.  Had it at home later hot.  I was hoping I could get comped with a cookie since they kept staring back at me the whole time, or ask where I was sitting and they would bring it to me.  Oh well,  we will give it another shot.  I want to buy some goodies in there.
5	This place is great. It was my first time coming here and I didn't really know what to expect coming in after looking at their website and reading other yelp reviews. What stuck out most to me was how quiet and tranquil it was. It wasn't pretentious, or a hassle with them wanting you to buy anything, or otherwise stressful or anything like that. It's a genuine hide away that gave me flashbacks of having lunch on my front lawn in the house I grew up in in western Oregon. Lush grass, big and plenty deciduous trees to provide plenty of shade and make that cool sound when a breeze comes through. It is very simple and tranquil to dine at. It also reminds me a lot of A.J.'s minus the grocery store and just offering quality coffee, wine, beer, sandwiches and sweets/desserts in a pleasant and classy atmosphere.I got their special. So for Wednesday it was the "Healthy Humpday" which is half of a generously portioned ham sandwich, as well as a generous helping of salad also with a dill pickle on the side and a taffy in a brown paper bag. Totaling a little over $4.50. Then I made my way over to the bar area and got a 12oz craft beer for their happy hour special of $3.00. So I basically got a generous quality lunch that left me stuffed and satisfied for $8.41 total. I was very impressed with everything and very much look forward to going back and eating there again.I feel like it should be closer to 4.5 stars, but since that's not an option, and that 4 is simply just too low for me, 5 stars it is then.
5	It's sort of sad to live in Arizona your whole life and then out of nowhere get asked to meet someone at "duck and decanter" and... Not knowing what they're talking about. I'm pretty sure my friends almost disowned me when they found out I was a "duck and decanter VIRGIN!" Yeah yeah. I came here on a Sunday and instantly fell in love with all the knickknacks and large variety of rootbeer. This place is now a staple when I want to meet someone in that area of town. Oh, the food? The best! The sandwiches are so amazing. I've only had the cold veggie ones, but damn is their mustard good. Good music, they were playing Weezer and Nat King Cole upstairs.They obviously know the way to  my heart.
5	Veggie Sandwich = Vegetarian heaven!  SO fresh and I actually ate the entire sandwich and that is RARE!  Tea is fresh and I loved everything about this place!  one of my new favorites!
5	One of my favorite places now!  Excellent albacore tuna and a wonderful selection of wine. Could offer high end wines at a more appealing price and may sell more
3	Came here for a breakfast burrito - it was satisfactory, but honestly nothing to write home about. It's a nice little place, within walking distance of home, so I'll probably be back to check out some more of the menu.I like the store - lots of interesting sauces and seasonings, looks like mostly local companies. I bought a bottle jalapeno and onion barbecue sauce which turned out to be delicious. I'd like to think I'll do some of my shopping here if I ever get around to cooking my own food.
2	Last time I visited Duck & Decanter I was very disappointed. I have been visiting this place since high school and it has always been great but for some reason this time everything was off. My sandwich bread was hard and inedible, the topping were sparse, and the pasta salad was just not good.
4	This is a really neat place to have lunch. You place your order inside and then take a seat outside in the patio. It looks like a small Trader Joe's when you're inside with an antique feel to it. You really can't go wrong with anything you order. Everything is fresh. The bread is amazing. The sandwiches are huge. The soup is full of flavor. We found another new go-to-spot for lunch!
4	Really Fresh ingredients. I went with the Duckling which had a very unique but pleasantly great taste. I will absolutely go back.
2	15 minutes to make an egg salad sandwich with only 4 orders ahead of me? When I open my bag, there is only half a sandwich? WTF? I go back and they acknowledge the mistake and proceed to make a half sandwich with and old piece of bread that was likely left over from lunch 5 hours prior.There are too many places in this area to mess up that bad on a simple sandwich order to go back and try it again.
5	This is a wonderful deli. It's the only place I've found that has edible gluten-free bread. The food is always delicious and the staff gives good small town friendly service. They truly appreciate their customers and take pride in their work.
5	I love Duck & Decanter! I've been coming here for years! This is an awesome little spot to brings your friends for lunch! Not only do they have a great menu, but the environment and vibe is also awesome. This hidden gem reminds me of a log cabin that just happens to be a restaurant. They have a little gift shop in the restaurant and they always have the coolest kitchen gadgets and nic-nac gifts.  My favorite sandwich is the Genoa. This masterpiece.... Genoa salami, herb and garlic cream cheese, marinated tomatoes, spinach on a French roll.I've a had almost all the sandwiches.... Some other note worthy options are....- "the duckling" - smoked turkey and duck breast with a cranberry relish,  watercress on a raisin bread. -"briesciutto" - sun dried tomato spread, prosciutto, Brie cheese, and your choice of bread. I also like to add spinach. -albacore tuna is also awesome! There are several more options that are fantastic but too many to name. Come check this place out and sit upstairs to see some local art or come on in when they have live music (Fridays I think). This is a great place to take out of towners.
4	Great lunch! Pretty darn good sandwiches! Gift shop, big bags of chips, and a great deli counter selection! They have a wine cellar with a great selection (not a HUGE selection) of hand picked great wine. Seating is outdoor, indoor, and upstairs in a little loft.  It is a casual place and a Phoenix local staple.
5	During my recent trip to Phoenix, without a doubt my favorite find was Duck and Decanter. I discovered them while searching for a breakfast option one morning. I actually had a hard time finding them at first. They're located by the parking garage in the SE corner of a plaza that is on the SE corner of E Camelback Rd and N 16th St. Overwhelming amount of directional abbreviations aside, if you manage to find this gem, you will not be disappointed.I stopped here twice during my Phoenix visit. I had the breakfast burrito with egg, cheddar chz and black forest bacon for breakfast one morning. It was pretty good. Adding their salsa is really what increased the flavor and brought it up a notch. On another day, we stopped in for lunch and had the marinated roasted chicken sandwich on sourdough bread. This was a game changer. The fresh, delicious roasted chicken was so good. It tasted like something your mom would make for you if she really loved you. Yeah, that's right mom, I'm calling you out. This is the sandwich I needed growing up. Not bologna and processed cheese. We can still salvage this relationship. Balls in your court lady. The food here was great but they're also a specialty store. They have an assortment of greatness throughout. Barrels of coffee beans, containers of different teas, wine, cheeses, beer, different kinds of oils, all kinds of stuff. There's seating all over, including outside, but I chose the upstairs loft both times. It was relaxing and there are giant photos of AZ wildlife all around upstairs too... I like animals... and free WiFi. Yup, they have free Wifi. I love you D&D!!!*In a hushed voice* -- Psst, Mom, I love you too. I was just trying to be a big man in front of my friends. Your sandwiches are great.
4	This place is unlike any other. First of all, the name is unusual. The restaurant is tucked away and has trees surrounding the building. It almost feels like you're away from Arizona. The place is set up like a deli but also like a small store and a coffee bar and an art gallery and a patio space...super unique. I love the selection of foods and beverages. Ordering is simple (that is when you know what you want) and you have a chance to browse through the aisles as you wait for your order. They also have a loft space upstairs to enjoy your food but there's seating downstairs and outside on multiple patios. Perfect place for a weekday lunch or a brunch with your friends.
2	Food was good but won't be going there again. My friend and I had our 3 little kids with us (two of them only a year old). The babies were a bit fussy but not being out of control, and the manager came to us and told us we needed to quiet down. I was very offended seeing that the babies are only 1 year old, obviously children that age are hard to tell to be quiet. I take my kids out to eat all the time and have never had this issue at a restaurant, not pleased with how we were treated.
4	Born and raised in Phoenix, I can not believe I had never visited The Duck until I moved back to the Valley last year!This is a great spot to grab a bite, meet with friends, have a drink or listen to a little live music when the weather is nice. I am a big fan of the avocado sandwich on sourdough, while my husband loves the Smokey Forest (with butter, no mayo!)I love the wide selection of nifty kitchen gadgets, imported treats and gift ideas I find in the little shop. You can't go wrong with the Duck, I always enjoy myself there and have a great meal for a great price!
1	I was very shocked to see that my review from yesterday had been hidden! What is the point of this website if people can't write their opinion? Obviously whoever is in charge of this restaurant's yelp site didn't want people to see how POORLY my children and I were treated at this establishment. A friend of mine and our 3 little boys (two of them babies) came into eat yesterday when a manager came to us and told us we needed to quiet it down. It was quite ridiculous and offensive, seeing that two of the children are ONE year. Yes sir, let me talk some sense into my baby and tell him that he is being rude. I bring my children out to eat quite often and have never had this issue, my kids are not in any way out of control or bratty. Also, a note to whomever this concerns in management in control of this site: if you take my post down again, I will continue to write this review.
5	The Duck and Decanter is THE place for a sandwich or a glass of wine. Great food and wine selections. I am not a beer drinker myself, but friends tell me that the beer selection is also stellar. Staff is always friendly. Can't wait for the summer to be over and to enjoy a leisurely afternoon on their patio again.
5	My favorite sandwich in the world. Been eating here since I was 2 and I will never get tired or sick of it. Duck and decanter holds a special place in my heart. There is nothing bad about this place :).
5	Omg this place is so cute I love it so much. There place makes me feel like I'm out at California in the red woods or something eating amazing sandwiches. I had there ham egg and cheese sandwich was like the best ever I so am coming back I love it love it love it.
5	Want to eat at a place that treats you like family? Here it is.Want an amazing sandwich with ingredients meticulously hand picked from across the world? You got it.Want real quality? Boom.This place is awesome, you can grab a quick bite to eat or stay all day. From lunch sandwiches to catered events to cheese and wine parties. This place can keep you covered.After you order, browse the amazing selection of treats and gifts and you will find so many cool little ideas. This place is top of my list and the best thing is its a local family. Way better than the big chain sandwich shops.
5	I dig the Duck.  I don't even really know what to call it.  Part store, part bar, part deli, part someone's living room who doesn't make you feel guilty about not helping with the dishes, only catch being you actually have to pay for your wine and cheese (which I'm totally fine with if it means I don't feel guilty for not helping with the dishes).Basically the duck has everything you could possibly need dispersed at different locations around what appears to be a large cabin with a lush green park in front.  You get your items (wine, coffee, sandwiches, whatever) and you mosey around, find a place to sit and enjoy them, just like you would in your own backyard, except your own backyard probably doesn't have as extensive of a wine collection or an award winning cheese department (and if it does, I officially hate you).I like to come here for happy hour (M-F, til 7:00, $2 off house wine and draft beer) or on Sunday afternoons to do a little daydrinking and people watching.  I don't have kids or a dog, but people that do seem to love this place.  Normally I don't prefer my wine with children (probably why I don't have kids), but the Duck's overall mellow environment somehow soothes me to the point that I find myself actually enjoying the presence of the mini-humans. And if I enjoy anywhere enough to actually consider motherhood, it's probably worth at least a dozen or so stars, but Yelp only goes up to five so five it is.
5	Tuna with water chestnuts on gluten free bread (they use Udis), YUM.  And a super patio - sit under the eucalyptus trees, relax and enjoy!  Friday nights, live music...add a glass of wine and it's casual and super relaxed :-)
5	I have been going to Duck and Decanter for 18 years.  My mom even went there as a little girl when it was part of a plant nursery.  It is still amazing!  They will make sandwiches however you want them, and the ingredients are always super fresh.  They have lots of cozy, private places to sit inside and outside.  For me, it is an Arizona landmark.  I drive here 45 minutes each way about once a month just to enjoy the good eats and atmosphere with my friends.
5	This place has the best sandwiches. And they've been consistently great every time I have eaten here in the past 25 years.
1	I was a fan of this place 10 years ago and moved out of state. I recently moved back and was excited to take my partner and out of town guests to this eatery!  It was awful, long wait, skimpy sandwich, loud music on patio, so loud and somewhat abrasive when the singer talked to the audience. I couldn't hear or talk to the person sitting right next to me.   This was the 29th and a Sunday brunch.  Disappointed, will not go back, especially since there are so many new and fantastic eateries in Phoenix!  You can't rely on a name, Duck and Decanter, your poor service, etc will catch up and you will not survive.  My advice to all who ask,  where is a good place to eat, I will say not Duck and Decanter!
4	Yes! What a satisfying and lovely feeling I have after leaving Duck and Decanter. The layout of this restaurant is like a delicatessen labyrinth. The employees are cheerful, earnest and helpful in their suggestions and the food? Fantastic! I ordered a black forest bacon breakfast burrito and was surprised by the lack of girth. However, what it lacked in sized, it made up in taste! This tightly rolled burrito was bursting with flavor and the crispy delicious bacon was a constant exclamation point throughout the burrito. Easily one of my top 3 best breakfast burritos I have ever had. Ever. I look forward to grinding through another one of those bad-boys out on that awesome patio in the near near future.
5	This place is pretty legit!Have been here 3 or 4 times and always have a good experience. I believe this is a family run place, at least it has that feel. The customer service is very good and the sandwiches are even better! I never knew a vegetarian sandwich could be appetizing but theirs definitely was. My father typically gets a roast beef that looks delish. I would recommend this place to any sandwich lover. Pros-Good prices-Little Tabasco-Lots of options-Made fresh-Good potionCons-Weird seating
5	Duck & Decanter is an adorable wine bar-deli-gift shop (complete with espresso bar!) that's been high on my list of places to visit. I'm so glad I finally ventured in. It's adorable!  With copious amounts of places to sit (inside and out) it's perfect for a leisurely bite. My adventure was during a Friday happy hour. (M-F, 5-7pm. $3 drafts! $3 house wine!) Arriving early to secure an outdoor patio spot we meandered thru the space. There's live music on Fridays with a start time of ~ 6pm. THE BASICSCooking accessories, teas, coffees, spices, a wide array of imported specialty foods line the shelves. Need some meat? They've got it. Want a sweet? Yep. In the mood for a sandwich? Si. Want some cheese? Be adventurous! They have adorable tiny wedges for a buck and change. "Try something new without fear of commitment." Ha!The wine / bar area, though petite in size, is lined floor to ceiling with wine bottles. Bob, the bartender on Fridays, is the friendliest gentlemen you could ever meet. The beer fridge is filled with a respectable number of bottles. SEATINGThere's plenty of it. Two floors. My visit we were focused on nabbing seating outside near the live music. Turns out the music is fairly loud and you don't need to sit that close! You order your food inside and service your own tables here.For noshing we nibbled on a patio cheese tray. I'm not entirely sure what cheese was served. Our platter included a small palmful of soft cheese, a jam spread, sliced bread and sliced apple. For the price point I'd actually have preferred a sandwich. But still tasty!WINE TASTINGSAt Duck & Decanter you can arrange a private wine & beer tasting for groups of 14-24 ppl. Lasting two hours in duration the sessions include the booze (duh!), cheese, printed info and a host. Sometimes they can include additional food. It depends on headcount and budget. ($20-$35 /person + gratuity + tax). This seems like a really neat thing to set up.Tasting menu examples...The Beer Tasting has you traveling thru six different countries. The Business Mixer offers three red and three white wines. The Blind Tasting sounds awesome! Wine is served from a brown bag and it's up to guests to pick the grape. So anyway, Duck & Decanter is a pretty neat experience! On the Friday I went, the outdoor space was very family friendly and multi-generational. If you're in the neighborhood check it out!
3	I like Duck, roasted and with some plum sauce on the side. I'm not so excited about Duck & Decanter. It's just okay for me, 2 1/2 stars if I had that option since I'm only interested in lunch and not their wine or any of the fancy foodstuffs that they carry. The best attribute about this place is the outdoor seating while being surrounded by some large trees.For starters, there's a funky smell going on when you first walk into the place. I think the sandwiches are weak. You can look at a picture of my Reuben Sandwich with the toasted burnt bread and judge for yourself. To me, it looks like a number eight hitter's batting average, weak. I've had a decent salad in the past as well. This place has definitely not made the cut on to my regular lunch rotation.
5	Loved this place! My husband and I went there for lunch on his very first Father's Day and it was great! I had an avocado sandwich with bacon and pepper harvarti added, he had The Duckling. Both sandwiches were delicious--fresh, crisp, and flavorful. The seating area outside was lovely, and with the misters, even a mid day lunch in June was comfortable. We also shared the potato bacon soup, which was delicious and satisfying. We liked the shop inside and had fun looking at everything and smelling the different teas and coffees sold there. I also really liked how they were pet friendly with biscuits and water bowls outside. We cannot wait to go back!
5	Great place for lunch!  There is a cool market with wines and foods that are a true treat.  This place is old Phoenix but still hitting it out of the park for lunch.  I would love to come back off of the clock to have wine and access tot ehir menu off the cloce.  I look forward to my next trip back.
5	I've only had lunch here but now that Pugize's is closed this is the only place I order a sandwich! It's veggies seem more fresh and crisp and as always the meats are great! I love their selection of tea. In the winter I love to sit outside. They have a very nice patio. This is just a nice place to have lunch!
3	This is a kinda neat little place in Phoenix for lunch.  It's in a tucked away corner of a strip mall.  It neighbors a furniture store and a couple of other places who very  explicitly do NOT want you parking in their store spots if you are visiting Duck & Decanter.  It's huge on the inside.  There is a little cheese section, a wine section, espresso bar with a large selection of loose teas, foodstuffs area, indoor & outdoor seating, an upstairs seating gallery, the deli...like whoah.  It's kind of like an old mercantile of days yore.  You order your sandwich and then have time to peruse the store.  They have lots of Haribo gummi snacks, including my favorite twin cherries.  There are many options for sandwiches.  I got a spicy pulled pork bbq sandwich with cole slaw inside, served in a onion-y kaiser roll.  At least I think it was supposed to be spicy.  It was good, the BBQ sauce was a little sweet for me.  The cole slaw didn't really have a "bite" to it, but did keep the bbq and sammie moist and stuff.  I got some seriously overpriced for the size macaroni salad, and it was some of the most mayonaissey mac salad I've had outside of Hawaiian mac salad.  You can take as many pickle spears as your heart desires.  They have a dessert case that looks delicious.  Can't really say that their customer service was stellar.  I initially walked around the store trying to figure out if I wanted to stay for a drink or whatever.  There were a lot of people working. Somebody followed me from section to section, but never bothered to ask if I needed help.  Just tailed me like a store security guard.  Maybe I looked particularly suspicious on this day...without even wearing my escaped convict prison jump suit.  Then when I opted to just get a sandwich, the staff just totally disappeared except for the sandwich maker, who had to finish up what she was doing to help me.  Kind of a weird vibe.  So, would I go back?  Sure, one visit does not make a complete story.  Heat does crazy things to people and it was a CRAZY hot day.  Overall, the sandwich was good and prices were okay.  The shop is cool.  And I bet it's cool to actually hang out there.
5	One of the great staples in Phoenix, the Duck is one of those places I've been going to for years--as have most Phoenicians.  You cant go wrong with their huge selection of gourmet deli meats and cheeses.  Their basic "nooner" sandwich has been around forever and we always get great service.  Of course, the wine bar/pub area is kind of a locals secret getaway with a huge wine cellar and some tasty beers on tap--especially during fall patio time.  If you're ready for a sandwich that is a cut above your standard deli chain, I would recommend trying the Duck.
5	I've been eating there for years, it is classic Phoenix! The sandwiches are artfully made to your exact specifications and I love how you can taste every ingredient in every bite. That is their standard of tasty quality! My fave is Where's the Beef with a portion of turkey, ask for shredded cheese! I also like the pastrami on dark rye with avocado, shredded cheese and coleslaw! My favorite place to sit is in the wine room unless the weather is nice, then outside is the place to be!
3	Was a bummer to see that my hot food was microwaved in front of me.  Aside from that their cold sandwiches and wraps are tasty
5	ABSOLUTELY....one of my favorite sandwich shops! There are lots of seats upstairs, but my wife and I prefer to hang in the cute little wine bar... Go figure. Unfortunately it seems every time we stop in it's a bit hot to eat outside, but we keep meaning to sit there someday.Lots of local items for sale, both palatable and not. On our last visit we had been out shopping for a piece of art for our living room and stopped in for lunch. When we were waiting for our sandwich to show up we spotted a beautiful framed photo which was exactly what we were looking for. BONUS! Enjoy
5	I have been coming here for 20+ years.  Love this place, the food never disappoints and we have made great memories here over the years. I actually worked here many years ago for a summer and found the stock rooms and prep rooms to be clean and well organized.  People that know me know I'm a big fan of this place, i thought it was finally time to review it on yelp.  My favorites sandwiches are: The Hot One, Where's the Beef on a Pita, Where's the Beef add turkey, The Whole One on French bread, Turkey on a croissant and The Genoa!Great family that runs this place, the selection and service is wonderful!
5	This is my new favorite morning coffee place!  Lots of tables, free wifi, short lines, and great food too.  The Mexicana coffee here is my personal favorite.  Breakfast burritos are good too.  This location seems to have a lot of competition in the area (McDonalds, Starbucks, Einsteins, America's, etc)  but it is by far the best place to sit and relax.
5	Very delicious sandwich. Great Wine Collection and they have live music on the weekends. I will definitely be back.
4	I love this place!Whenever I go I get a Roast Beef on a Kaiser - great sandwich! And the flavored tea, try the flavored tea.Fun, friendly atmoshpere. People of all types in here!
5	This has been my go-to Phoenix sandwich shop for over a decade.  Amazing food, great atmosphere, good wines and beers - I happen to know that the owner of a hot downtown Phoenix craft beer joint comes here to hang out and grab a craft brew....For sandwiches - you cannot go wrong with "the duckling". Get it.  One time I got something else, and it was good....but I was sad that I didn't get the duckling.  So, that day I are two sandwiches for lunch.  It wasn't comfortable, but that's what I get for not ordering the best sandwich this side of the Mississippi the first time around.Oh - and they put your sandwich in a bag that has "the nooner" printed on it.  Ha.  Nooner.
5	Love the honey glazed ham pocket sandwich. It's a must try. They also have a great selection of teas to choose from. I personally love the cherry and blueberry.
5	I remember my Dad taking me to Duck and Decanter all the way back to grade school.  In fact my Dad has known Randy and his family all the way back to when Randy and my Dad were friends at NAU.  Their 16th Street location is as recognizable to me today as it was back then.  Today I get my fix sometimes at their original location, but also sometimes make the journey to their Downtown Phoenix location on 1st Street and Jefferson.  But for a true D&D experience, the original location is where its at (even if it might be a little hard to find).Duck & Decanter is a sandwich place first and foremost, but beyond that its a tough place to define.  In a way I sort of liken it to La Grande Orange Grocery in that its a restaurant that also has a number of grocery items you can grab on the go.  There's deli meats, cheeses, wines, coffees, and even a respectable selection of local craft brews.  There's a number of other miscellaneous items available for sale too (not all of them food or drink).  Theres seating in both the lower and upper levels of the place as well as a nice patio outside that will often have live music.  The staff has always been friendly and the mood is always casual and relaxed.They serve breakfast and lunch items, but a true experience here is all about the Nooner sandwiches.  You can customize your own or get one of their signatures.  The Duckling is one you have to try once.  Duck, turkey, cranberry walnut relish, cream cheese and greens on walnut bread.  To me its almost like Turducken in a sandwich.  For custom sandwiches, I recommend the smoked turkey or roast beef.  There's a plethora of breads to choose from (I'm a sourdough guy) as well as a bunch of toppings to choose from.  Be sure to study the menu before ordering as the sandwich combinations are endless.  They also have some hot sandwiches to choose from if you wanna go that route.  Oh, and they always throw in the pickle and taffy are free.So if you're around 16th Street and Camelback and looking for a freshly made sandwich or just a casual hangout spot, drive into the Sports Authority shopping complex until you reach the southeast corner of the complex and you see Duck & Decanter's original location.  Beware this place does get busy during the work week, but you can order ahead for pickup.  Its great to see this valley gem thrive and still stay true to its roots as long as it has.  Hopefully Randy's family will continue the business long enough for me to take my own kids here one day.
3	So, I hope the management takes a look at this review and makes some changes.I wouldn't have out anything negative up here except that I spoke to 3 employees about this, and it seems to be an issue - that, and I want this place to be amazing and successful always.I will update and change my rating once things are fixed.Two visits ago, I ordered two ducklings to go.  If you notice my last review, I have been ordering these for over 10 years.  When I got home, I noticed something was off.  No cranberry sauce!  I called to restaurant to ask if they changed their recipe.  They said no.  Then I mentioned that there was no cranberry sauce, just extra cream cheese - he said "oh we are out of cranberry".  He was genuinely concerned that I wasn't told when I ordered.  I threw out the sandwiches and went on with my day.Today, I came in, ordered a duckling, and confirmed that they have all the ingredients, and they did.Now I get home, and while there is cranberry, it barely covered the piece of bread there is barely any there.  They did add extra cream cheese again to make up for it...Duck and Decanter... I love you guys.  I love the duckling - the way you did it up until last month.Please take this opportunity to train your staff and make this sandwich amazing again.I'll update my review once it's fixed.Thank you!
4	Awesome sandwich shop and deli with a nice selection of kitchen items and wines to browse while you wait. There are two floors of seating in addition to a bunch of outdoor seating options so finding a spot was never a problem. Daily sandwich specials for around 6$, regular sandwich prices around around 7-8 (still cheap) So far I've had the honey ham on sourdough and the mini genoa salami sandwhich. The sourdough bread here is super soft and wonderful with a nice chewy crust. Defintely recommend it!
5	Always a great time here. Band today sounds great, everyone is in the holiday spirit and couldn't ask for a better time. In my opinion they have one of the best reuben's in town.
5	Yessssssss. This is the oasis of sandwiches and peace I have been looking! Conveniently located on camelback a minute away from me, this place thrives as a true hidden gem. I have heard of this place for years but never made it there. I'd see the sign driving on the freeway and thought oh ya u need to try that place but didn't. And alas, I am so glad I finally did. It is truly hidden in the southeast corner of the Starbucks, coppenhagen, sports authority lot. The service was eh but the sandwich and atmosphere was "on point". I had the ruben and my sisters had a "salad sandwich?" and regular turkey sandwich. All were scrumptious. Although the salad sam seemed hard to eat. They also have a little cafe and you can buy coffee beans and tea leaves there in bulk. Can't wait to try that. This  place has little nooks to sit in both on the top and bottom floor. I can't wait til my spring semester starts because I see me spending a lot of time here. They have WiFi and tons of seating. A retail area where you can buy tea/coffee and kitchen contraptions. If you haven't been, I recommend it. It takes you to another place besides 16th St and camelback.
5	I have loved the duck for years and always drove out of my way to go there. But it's been a while and today I just realized, I moved and am now super close! Now I can go all the time! They have free wifi that works fast! Coffee drinks I still need to try and lots to look at while waiting for my sandwich. What sandwich is my favorite? The Hot One! It has succulent shredded beef and horse radish. I give them 5 quacks! (Or stars). Love the Duck!
4	Duck & Decanter is my go to spot for supreme sandwiches, so dang tasty!I cannot testify for the entire menu, I have 2 favorites that I keep going between. But I can attest to how delish their coconut macaroons are, they are soft, moist and sweet, perfectly cooked on the outside and soft and tender on the inside. Also they carry Fairytale Brownies, and I know those are bomb! My 2 favorite sandwiches right now are the Vermont Treat & Sonoran Chicken.  The Sonoran Chicken has a spicy oil & vinegar sauce like and has jicama, bell peppers, cilantro, corn and green onions with chicken all mixed together and I always pick to have it on ciabatta bread with Swiss cheese, tomatoes and some lettuce, omg this is such a great sandwich! So good I crave it at times! The Vermont is a maple glazed ham sandwich with pine nuts, spinach, sliced apples and cheddar cheese, omg this is heaven on bread!  The blend of the ham cheese and apples are amazing, beautiful flavors happening their!This location is pretty sweet too, there is seating upstairs as well as downstairs, and on the weekends there is live music out in the patio area. And there is a even a beer & wine garden and a cozy fireplace too!Yep this Duck & Decanter is becoming a favorite of mine. I'm sure I'll be back in no time.
