5	Phoenix's Japanese Friendship Garden is one of the most beautiful places in the city.  Pick a cool weekend and go enjoy youself.  The park is lush and green with a walking path and areas to sit and look out over the pond.You can buy a cup of koi food in the gift shop, then sit at the water's edge and feed those big guys.  Fish lips ahoy!Admission is only $3, and free on First Friday evenings.(For anyone who may have been to the Japanese garden in San Diego's Balboa Park, our Japanese garden kicks it's ass!)
5	Holy crap!  What a hidden and lush surprise this is!  I almost don't want to review it, so it won't be overrun by others. * Sloping hills* Grassy knolls* Bubbling brooks* Flowering lilypads* Quaint Japanese tea house* Towering trees* Splashing waterfalls* Quiet tranquility Above the Interstate 10 and in the middle of Phoenix?!?!  Yes, and for only a $3 entry fee, you too can enjoy this calm piece of gated heaven with views of pretty office towers and downtown condos.For 50 cents you can even purchase some fish food from the cute little old ladies inside the gift shop office trailer out front and feed the hundreds of koi in the pond.  The garden is only about 5 years old, but 20 years in the planning and building with collaborative efforts by planners, arborists and landscapers from both Phoenix and a sister city in Japan.  It's one of my new favorite places to getaway and relax - a welcome oasis in the middle of the city.
5	Part of my romantic Valentines Day getaway with my girlfriend was a stop here.  A nice lesiurely stroll, watching the koi fish swim in the pond for a good 45 minutes.  Taking in the quiet and just relaxing.The only thing that spoiled it was incessant noise from the people at the public park next door.  Without that, it would have been completely tranquil.I can't blame the park for the noise from its neighbors, so it still gets 5 stars from me.A traditional rock garden will be installed soon as well, I can't wait to see how it turns out!
4	First, a shout out to Yelper Daniel R. for recommending this on the talk boards! I got to town a couple hours before my boyfriend and had some time to kill. This was a great place to do it. Though I didn't get totally zenned out, I did have a nice time chilling in the shade and feeding the fish. They're charging $5 now (with a minimum of $10 on a card--so I picked up a tee). Fish food is 50 cents and worth it. The park is smaller than I expected. I grew up in DFW and the fantastic Japanese Gardens in Fort Worth spoiled me a bit. I also hated that the office buildings eclipsed the views in some places. But the fish were super-hungry and fun to watch and the waterfalls were pretty. It's small though--I saw one woman lap it a couple of times; maybe not a bad idea. All in all, it's a nice spot for reflection and a good first stopping off place for some tranquility in the city.
4	We visited the Japanese Friendship Garden on Easter Sunday and it was a great little hideway in the desert.  After a $5 entrance fee and buying a $0.50 cup of Koi food, we headed into the garden with a helpful map in hand.  Of course, the garden is quite small (4 acres, I think) so it wasn't that we would have gotten lost without the map but it was very helpful at explaining the features that we were seeing and how they relate to traditional Japanese gardens and culture.  Very interesting!They also hold traditional Japanese tea ceremonies once a month for an additional charge.  Keep in mind, the garden closes over the summer so be sure to check the website to see if they are open when you want to visit.Overall, this was a great find in the PHX metro and we will be back to visit soon.
3	I have some good memories of this place.  Although I wish there were more to see and more gardens... it's the smallest Japanese Friendship Garden I have ever been to.I've attended a friends wedding here and it is a nice place to get married. BUT I've also been kicked out of here for taking portrait photos of a bride and groom that were not getting married in the gardens.  They let us pay to get into the gardens and we obviously were with a couple that has just gotten married.  They didn't tell us we couldn't shoot in there.  I had just spent ten minutes setting up the perfect pinhole image and the director told us we had to either pay $100 per hour to use the grounds or we had to leave.  She didn't even let me finish my photo, and then escorted us out.  So for that it gets 3 stars.  It's definitely not worth $100 per hour to use the grounds.  There are only two good spots to shoot.  I'd gladly pay the entrance fee but not more.
5	I just got married here and it was truly the most beautiful wedding I have ever been to. Okay, I'm a little bit biased, but sooo what!!  Honestly breathtaking, peaceful, serene.  Dianna at the park was a huge help!  I had access to the quaint little tea house to get dressed.  My photographer got some beautiful photos in that house and all over the park - there are photo ops around every corner!  I also had access to a private little garden in the back so I was hidden from my guests before the ceremony began.  My guests continue to gush how beautiful it was and how perfect the garden was for our wedding.  I have had several guests tell me this is now their number one suggestion for family/friends looking for ceremony locations.The garden houses a large koi pond, 10-foot waterfall, grassy knolls, beautiful trees, bushes, flowers, tea house - all unique things that you wouldn't expect to see in or near downtown.  Things to note:The park offers fish food (for a cost) to feed the koi. The park offers brochures to give yourself or group a self-guided tour. The park offers tea ceremonies (for a cost) once a month. http://phoenixpd.org/PARKS/jfg.html
4	Very nice place to get away for a little while.  It's big for a garden, but still pretty small and takes about 10 minutes to walk around.  Of course you should stop and feed the fish, and sit and relax on one of the shaded benches. The have a tea ceremony every now and again, which could be fun to check out sometime.A few side notes, I have been to Japan and  to many gardens over there and this is pretty close to what I remember seeing but the scale seemed to big.Also I know quite a lot about plants (Hello! Botany degree here with 10 years landscape experience) and the garden could use a better variety of plants and filling in the missing plants.
5	So beautiful and peaceful.  (The best one I've been to is the one in SF).  It's close to a park, and has multiple waterfalls.  We came before it closed on sunday (check hours, sunday closes at 3pm). So i didn't get to drink any tea. They are building something near the entrance. Forgot what it is, but it looks like it will be nice. They have a tea ceremony on the 2nd sat of every month (call ahead to verify, that's what the lady said, i missed it by a day).
4	This is a hidden jewel for sure.  I took my wife on a surprise outing this morning, as a friend of mine who volunteers here told me about it.The $5 admission price gets you a slice of peace and tranquility.  Spend the morning walking around the large koi pond, which contains some of the biggest and most colorful fish I've had the pleasure of gazing upon.I was told that on the 2nd Saturday of each month, they host an authentic tea ceremony, back in the tea gardens.  The general public is not allowed in that area without a 'docent', which is kind of a tour guide.  You should call to make a reservation if you wish to attend.  The current per person price is $25.If you are looking for some quiet volunteer work, they will allow you to come down and lend a hand.  Not sure if you need to make arrangements first.Is this a Japanese Garden, or a Japanese Style Garden?  I suggest you take up that conversation with volunteer Fred.
5	I've been wanting to go here for over a year. Back when I drove to work, this was on my return trip and I would think, "You need to go there, Baconboy." And today, I did.First, the sad things: The parking lot was nearly empty. :( On such a beautiful day, I don't get it. The biggest johny-on-the-spot in the parking lot was chained and locked. Come on, a boy likes to have a photo op. The koi lake was green. :( I can dealBut, this is such a relaxing and amazing garden that it doesn't really matter. I would love to go back for their tea ceremony (and I can't be the only person who thinks this would be the best place to have a picnic? But no food is permitted.) It is, however, a great place to go and relax.The garden is open September through May from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. $5 gets you in the door and you can pretty much stay as long as they're open. I will take out of towners here in the future and am actually excited to see how the garden changes through the seasons and years.
5	Some might say that Phoenix is a city without much culture.  That may be true in some aspect, however we have to remember that Phoenix is a young large city compared to other cities that lie within the United States.  So you can say that this city is a work in progress on catching up with everyone's culture expectations.The Japanese Friendship Garden in downtown Phoenix is only seven years old.  Very new to the park scene for this metro, I have to say that it looks great and will only keep getting better in time.  That will happen if people stop saying there is no culture in Phoenix and become a part of the evolving city by visiting places such as this.  The admission and or donations will fund a more desired park for all.The grounds of the garden are very beautiful with a nice flowing stream, several waterfalls, coy fish, and many species of plants.  I can't wait to go back in the next several years to see it become a wonderful masterpiece.
4	I can't believe I never took the time to go here before. This place is so close to being the perfect relaxation spot. I was pleasantly surprised that it's so quiet here. You really feel as though you've left the city for the time that you are in the garden. The waterfalls, the koi, and the plants are all very unique to the area and provide perfect relaxation opportuinties.However, it's quite sad that they have let the grass all go dormant. There is one area where they overseeded rye grass and it looks great, unfortunately, every place else is brown.:(
5	I live within walking distance of the Japanese Friendship Garden, so I enjoy it frequently.  Once inside, it's hard to believe you're still in Phoenix.  That's why I was so happy when Groupon recently offered a half-price membership.  I would join in a minute, except they're closed from May to October or so.  Half-price membership seems about right.The atmosphere is gentle and meditative.  I feel safe sitting on a bench and actually meditating here.  The koi kind of freak me out.  They've been fed so often  by visitors that I feel fairly certain they'd eat me if I fell into the pond.  Last time I visited, there were baby ducks in the house.  So cute and fluffy, and they had no fear of people.
5	Like many other reviewers I had not gotten to this treasure while intending to for years. This garden is not as mature as some but it is a lovely respite. I went first for an earthquake fund raiser and then joined when I saw the Groupon. We took family from out of town and the membership paid for itself even with the summer closure.
5	When Kevin and I first began dating, about 4 years ago, I did some research to find an interesting place to take him on a date. I somehow stumbled upon this place and so I swept him away on a surprise adventure. Admission was only $2, and we spent a good amount of the day enjoying this relaxing, peaceful garden. We also decided to buy some koi food (also very cheap at the entrance), and we were glad we did. The garden has a large pond running through with hundreds, probably thousands, of koi swimming  in it. They were very lively and hungry. We sprinkled a few pieces of food and all of the koi swarmed over to feast. We had a blast between feeding the koi and walking through the serene garden. We have been back since, and we are still just as happy with it. Do not miss this opportunity to leave the rest of busy Phoenix for a little while to just relax and enjoy the peacefulness of the Japanese Friendship Garden.
4	I decided to go somewhere different, away from the fast-pace, traffic-congested day-to-day lifestyle that everyone is so used to.  I ran across this place after searching for things to do around the area.  The website looked great and the pictures easily attracted me to this location.  I had gone on a weekday during work hours, so there were less people.  I could see a few older couples just enjoying the view of the garden.  When you first walk in there, you notice a very big pond.  First thing that comes to mind is Koi fish.  There were a few statues and smaller scaled temples made of stone around the garden.  The Japanese Friendship Garden is a great tranquil place to go when you want to get away and want some alone time.  There are other attractions at the garden that I don't want to spoil, but I'm sure another review has.  It's a place you have to check out.
4	My son's wedding was here. It's a nice place to take a stroll albeit it's a small gem in a less than desirable location.
4	Japanese Friendship Garden has been here for several years and it continues to draw me back.  A classic in downtown central.  Rolling grass knolls, stone walkways, hidden places to sit and reflect over calming pools of koi and gentle waterfalls.  The whole property is designed to carry you through a circular experience amid the trees and bamboo and handcrafted hut hidden toward the back.  Attendants are very pleasant and helpful as you might well expect.   Overall a repeat visit still allows me to appreciate the sensation of getting away from the city while in the middle of it all.  If you do enjoy a quite moment within reach, you should visit this garden spot in downtown.
4	Openly hidden in the middle of Downtown Phoenix, the Japanese Friendship Gardens gives Phoenicians a little taste of cultural in the desert. Here it costs $5 to get in and with that $5 admission fee, you will enter a secret garden that is easily passed by thousands of times a day without anyone realizing it's there. Now for those of you who have been to Japanese Gardens in let's say, San Francisco or Portland, this doesn't even come close in comparison. However, the fact that we have one at all deserves a round of applause. This garden is small. You can easily walk through it in 10 minutes. It's filled with ponds, water falls, koi fish, trees and greenery. If you come here and want to take time to enjoy the setting, I encourage you to bring a picnic and set up shop on one of the many benches situated throughout the park. During your picnic you will enjoy a tranquil beauty and escape the hustle and bustle of Phoenix life. I encourage you to come here if you are ever in the area. It might be small and you might be in and out in 10-15 minutes, but I think anyone who lives in Phoenix should go at least once. Plus, there's a great coffee shop down the street (Fair Trade) and several other museums and attractions near by (Arizona Puppet Theater is across the street and the Phoenix Art Museum and Herd Museum are a few blocks north). During my visit, I witnessed a wedding taking place; an intimate wedding set against the backdrop of the trees and koi pond. It was a perfect location for pictures and a very calm and romantic setting. Based on the size of this garden, I assume you could have a large or small wedding quite easily. So next time you have a spare hour during lunch or need a break on a Saturday, remember that the Japanese Friendship Garden is waiting for your visit.
5	This is really worth taking the time to see and experience.  The cost is very low - $5 per adult.  The garden is beautiful and peaceful with many areas where you can sit by yourself and reflect or just people-watch.  Also, the lady in the gift shop is very helpful if you are a first time visitor.Metro Light Rail stop at Roosevelt and Central.
5	The Japanese Friendship Garden is very beautiful and peaceful.  Sarah was very helpful and friendly.  Thanks!
5	I am a member of the Ro Ho En and I consider it probably the best 30-40 annual bucks I spend each year.  For a few bucks a month I basically get a private park to hang out in.   #Balleronabudget
5	What a gorgeous addition to the downtown area.  It will be nice when the economy picks up and they are able to finish the whole project.  The temporary trailer is a bit of distraction to the incredible garden that awaits.
5	An absolute hidden gem in downtown Phoenix and every bit worth the $5 admission.
5	So peaceful. So quiet. So in tune with nature.If you want to escape the hustle and bustle of Phoenix, or perhaps even forget you're in Phoenix at all, but rather in Japan next to a roaring waterfall, go here. Buy some fish food and feed the Koi, they will thank you for it :)
5	Beautiful. Serene. Zen. Peaceful. Tranquil. Mindful.This place could not be more amazing, truly a hidden gem in Phoenix. The garden is beautifully kept, the feeling you get upon being here is that of serenity and being able to be more centered. Stresses leave, and overall you will leave with a more peaceful state of being than before you entered. The koi are plentiful, and more than friendly. A group of them followed my son, sister and I whenever we were near the water. A group swam close enough for my son to reach down and even gently pet two of them. This is somewhere well worth visiting, I bought the membership and am excited to have found my newest "happy place," for lack of a better term.
3	I had been meaning to bring my wife to the Japanese Garden for a few years, and we finally made it a few months ago. It really is a beautiful garden, and the way they designed it is really cool. It is basically a trip through different geographical areas of Japan (mountains, seaside, etc) in a few acres of gardens. There are numerous seating areas where you can relax and meditate on your surroundings. The big complaint that I have, and the reason that it gets only three stars from me, is that they don't allow food in and they don't even provide a place separate from the garden to eat. I had packed a picnic lunch for my wife and I, and we intended to relax on a blanket and eat. Nowhere on the website was it posted that food wasn't allowed. Only when we arrived, after a thirty minute drive, were we informed that food wasn't allowed. When I asked if there was anywhere that we could eat, I was told that the park next door, Hance Park, had picnic tables. We ended up eating there, with all of the homeless people wandering by to remind us what part of town that we were in. If they just set aside a few tables before you entered the actual garden, or designated a certain section as being food-friendly, this place would be much better. I don't think the environmentally-destructive, litter-friendly, NASCAR crowd is going to be frequenting this place very often. I think that the patrons are probably responsible individuals that are going to be cleaning up after themselves, leaving the gardens as beautiful as they found them.
2	While the garden is pretty, it is very small and a walk can easily be completed in 10 to 15 minutes.  I found this garden could use some landscaping improvements and really is not up to par with so many other Japanese gardens I have visited.People, really! How can you give this Japanese garden a 5 star review?  I am shocked.  Have you been to the Morikami in Florida, the Japanese garden at the Huntington?  I could go on.  This is a stop if you live in Phoenix but I would be embarrassed to recommend this place to someone coming from out of town.
4	This is a very quiet and relaxing garden.  You can pay $1 to feed the Koi fish. I would highly recommend doing this.  It was very entertaining.  You can explore the entire garden in about 30 minutes.  It is not very big.  I was expecting a larger garden, especially for the $5 admission.  However, I guess if it were any cheaper, it would be more crowded and less relaxing.
4	Wow.I was in Phoenix for an event and a free afternoon before it started so went exploring. Ro Ho En was a gem and the highlight of my walkabout.Some reviews here say you can complete the walk in 10 minutes. Yes, but why would you? Every turn provides a new view. You can get right up to or over the water to feed the koi or the ducks or pigeons. The other birds seem more reluctant to approach humans. Plenty of spots to sit and relax.You could easily spend two hours here taking in the scenery, taking pictures, spotting the variety of flora and fauna.The staff is very friendly and happy to talk about the garden. I found out they do open gardening sessions on Saturdays at sunrise.
5	BEAUTIFUL place to visit on a cool afternoon in Phoenix in the Fall (open Oct to May). $5 entrance, $4 for students. Not necessarily entirely peaceful in the afternoon what with the other patrons and their children and the ducks, but five stars nonetheless despite the occasional noise. We paid $1 for some koi food and it was fun to sit next to the water and watch those crazy fish!Highly recommend for a few hours of relaxation.
5	So beautiful, peaceful and quiet. This was my 1st time going and it is a must GO. Its only $5 which is a great price from all the other garden's in AZ.  Its not very big but its so worth it.
4	Beautiful well kept grounds. The trees, grass and other plant life were just beautiful. We were there on a Saturday afternoon with temperatures in the upper 70's. My sister and I needed something to do so I suggested this. After being in the valley 9 years this was my first visit. Being a photographer I wanted to also see how well I could use this location for my own business. I would say this could be a wonderful, romantic and peaceful place for portraits. The cost of $5 very reasonable. The grounds were a bit smaller then I had pictured in my mind, but the layout is perfect. And if you like feeding aggressive coy fish, ducks and pigeons then grab some of the food. I said kid friendly but if you children are loud and like to run then maybe not the best place as most people are there for a bit of solitude.
5	A nice place to visit for a few moments of rest and tranquility from the busy world only a few feet away. The Japanese Friendship Garden is a treat for your eyes and a break for your soul.  The park is very well maintained with beautiful trees, bushes and waterfall.  Following the map, that is given to you at the main entrance, will give you a little insight into the wonderful layout of the garden.The Japanese Friendship Garden is a great stop you should consider if you are vacationing in the Phoenix area.
1	Wow. This place is TERRIBLE if you like to take photos. They are so restrictive with their photo policy and even have a village idiot that monitors you. I felt like we were at the North Korean "Friendship" Gardens. Of course they are happy to take $150 for 2 hours from you if you would like to bring in your camera with a tripod. What a deal! I wish I could say I made up that number but I can't. The lady at the money TAKING booth jumps all over you when she sees you have a camera. She certainly did not pass any personality exam to get her job. Save your money, the place was pretty boring beside this stupid photo policy and take your money to the Phoenix Zoo instead. Oh yeah.....we ended up taking our damn cameras in anyhow...like it or not!!
5	Do yourself a favor and go explore the art district ("Roosevelt Row").  Just wandering around the area is a neat experience as there is so much to see and do.  Lots of neat restaurants, parks, and shops.  The homes are so beautiful.  Parts of the area remind me of certain areas of Chicago.  If you're visiting for the first time, you'll find yourself forgetting you're in the middle of the desert.One of the stops on your way through the art district should be the Japanese Friendship Garden.  It's cheap (5 bucks!  6 if you want to feed the koi) and beautiful.  It really only takes about 30 minutes or so to see the whole thing, but just stopping to relax and reflect for a while can be a very rewarding experience.  The grounds are well kept and breathtakingly beautiful.  It's very quiet and relaxing.I'm not sure what the other reviewers were talking about when they said they had a problem taking cameras in.  We had cameras, as did everyone else we saw inside.  I got some AMAZING pictures when we were there.  We never had any problems.  There is a sign that says you can't take professional equipment inside without a contract, but that is to be expected.  Overall, a very nice experience.  This isn't something you would go far out of your way to visit, but definitely worth stopping by while you're doing other things in the area.  That whole area of downtown is super cool.
4	The place is great for relaxation. A lot of green soothing the eye. Beautiful landscape. Nice koi pond and small waterfalls. Very clean. Even has some flowers around. Pigeons are friendly. Plenty of fish around. On the negative side, it doesn't take long to see everything since the garden is a little small. However, I'm from NYC and used to vast size of Central Park, so disclaimer there. It was open from 10am to 4pm, which I think is not fair to those who wants to take photos in great light of early morning or late afternoon.
4	What a beautiful place to see. If the city gets too caotic go here for some Zen. The staff was friendly and informative.
4	A nice place to visit from all the busy crazy world.  The park is maintained and the bathrooms are clean.  I went to take senior photos for a client and was impressed with all the green, water and colorful plants on the grounds.  This created a beautiful backdrop for some great photos.  I will be back for more photo shoots.  I do have to say the only thing I didn't like about this place was the staff in the office where you have to pay. She was very rude and wouldn't allow anything to be taken in to the gardens.  We had a bag and a chalkboard we wanted to use in our pictures and the lady said no you can leave it here but you can't take it in.  There were others that were allowed to take strollers, bags, and umbrellas in to the park.  I will be back to take pictures again but will just remember no props and that I will get hassled when I walk in with a camera.
4	Another jewel in the middle of our city that I had no idea existed. Openly hidden is what another reviewer wrote and I have to agree. As it stands just over the 10 Freeway and smack dab in the middle of downtown - such a lovely oasis. The $5 entry fee is a nominal bit to keep the gardens pristine. Lovely flora throughout, some healthy koi in the pond, and shaded pathways. There are a few smaller waterfalls and a sense of peacefulness throughout. Great spot to wander, take a break, have a bit of a picnic, or just relax. I bet it's gorgeous in early spring.
5	I took my 6 year old daughter to a tea ceremony here on a Saturday in March.  We met up with 2 other moms + girls from my daughter's school.  We had a super time.  We were met by our guide/docent who led us along the trails to the tea house.  He gave us all kinds of information about the garden, tea and tea ceremonies.  When we entered the grounds surrounding the teahouse, we each washed our hands at a traditional fountain. The staff works very hard to make this experience as authentic as possible.  Of course, all of the tea ladies wore kimonos.  The seating was on stools and there was a table in front of us.  We were each served a "sweet" and frothy green tea.  As the host prepared the tea, another lady stood in the doorway and gave us an explanation of what the host was doing.  She also answered questions after the ceremony concluded.  What an amazing cultural experience for our girls, and well worth the $25 per person!  After the ceremony, the kids enjoyed feeding the koi fish with food bought from the gift store. I highly recommend!
4	The Japanese Friendship Garden should also be called the Secret Garden because it is surrounded and eclipsed by all the urban buildings plus when you think Phoenix or Arizona Japanese garden would not be your first thought or your fifth thought.I love this place because it is so serene and tranquil. Even though it is a small garden the plants and Japanese architecture transport you to a far and a different place other then Arizona. They have a wonderful waterfall that feeds into a pond that is filled with koi fish. They even have a building that is used for tea ceremony. There is an admissions fee to get in but it is worth it and helps to keep this special gem going. Another special note to keep in mind for all the big time photographers is there is no photography allow in there. But again this garden is worth the visit.
2	I thought this was an absolute disgrace to my Japanese culture had an horrible experience while visiting here. First thing I wanted to say was a massive thanks to the two Japanese women working in the Gift shop who we're absolutely kind and sincere and were nothing but down to Earth and friendly. However on the other hand there was an American woman standing near the entrance who was not so much hostile towards me rather instead she was was more annoying than anything else. More or less very strange she had acted like she was best friends with me.I apologize however I cannot be friends nor respect someone who works for the city that ultimately had taken another country's culture and completely degraded it with the No photo/video policy allowed. In my home country of Japan the entrance admission is not only Free however videos/pictures are more than welcome. They had re-created something they envisioned was as close as possible to the actual gardens in Japan which is one thing I respected and enjoyed. I enjoyed feeding the Koi fish and cannot say anything negative about the garden itself, everything appeared clean and as perfect as possible. However one thing that truly disgusted me was the simple fact how they had brought something to the United States to allow it to be introduced and open to the public with their no photography policy which to make it even worse they wanted you to fill out a contract with them and to pay $150.00an absolute disgrace to my heritage, to my culture and to our entire history and what our Japanese culture stands for. It's supposed to be celebrated in harmony and exposed to the public as much as possible, that is the essence and beauty of cultures and especially here within the United States how we have so many diversified many different aspects of cultures. I thought of this no photography as an insult and a joke to be honest. I'm an photographer/Artist for an occupation.What was the intention and purpose of introducing to everyone the Japanese Gardens if you are not allowed to take pictures? in addition to this you have to pay a huge amount for a free in order to do so? absolutely pathetic. The Japanese Gardens are supposed to be embraced in the perspective of it's celebration that everyone should have an enjoyable experience rather instead of it's strict policy it's as if they have taken someone else culture and degraded it. I'm not sure if anyone else would truly understand how I feel about this.As I had said I deeply enjoyed the overall experience with the exception of the woman in charge of the place.I had seen at least 90 percent of everyone else taking photos especially with their cell phones, good for them! our culture is to be open minded and embraced for all people to enjoy and cherish. As I've said before if this was in my country of Japan you are more than welcome and allowed to take as much pictures as you want to.They seem to treat the gardens here as if it was supposed to be private or secretive. Are you serious? There should be nothing secretive about my culture.
5	this place is AMAZING! the scenery is so quiet and relaxing (even though its surrounded by a bunch of buildings and houses)remember to buy koi food for $1 so you can feed the fishestheres a big pond in the middle of the garden and it's filled with a BAJILLION fat kois and the minute you stand on the side of the pond, you can see them all swimming towards you, ready to fight for food LOL
5	This place is awesome.  Great place to just get away from the rat race. People there are great. Fantastic landscaping and great ponds. Can't say enough good about this place.
3	This place was ok. It was nice, clean, and refreshing to walk through the pathway seeing all green. Feeding the koi fish were enjoyable. It was just small. Im curious to how it would look during christmas. I guess i cant complain too much since it was only $5.
4	We just held our wedding at the Japanese Friendship Garden this past Saturday. The price was right, the grounds were beautiful and we lucked out on a cloudless day. I would have given this venue 5 stars, except for a few qualms. First, I was told the week I signed the contract that they were going to be booking a concert the same evening as my wedding -- I was essentially told I had to be okay with this or choose another venue. It turned out fine, the set-up for the concert not invading my ceremony site, but I was put off by the way this was handled. Secondly, the coordinator I was assigned the day of didn't seem to know much about handling a wedding; several guests were put off by her demeanor and my brother was forced to pick flower petals off the ground in his suit because she was so adamant about nothing being left behind. This would not have been as much of a problem if she had been a little nicer about it -- it was all in her attitude and the way she addressed my guests.All told, the wedding went through without much of a hitch and we were able to get some lovely pictures.
5	When you live in a large sprawling city it is often difficult to get away from the noise and endless traffic, fire engines and police cars, honking, loud music, people talking and yelling over the noise, grass growing, the clatter of restaurant dishes, car washes, sports bars, trains . . . and a thousand and one other indignities to the eardrums that create clutter and clatter in your brain and the very depths of your well-being.In most cities even green spaces and parks are noisy; you must travel outside the city to find a little patch of quiet and calm. Not in the Valley of the Sun. When you enter the gates of the Japanese Friendship Gardens a calmness and quiet washes over your soul. A peace that relaxes your very center. An understanding of tai chi and moonlit nights and lanterns and Koi  . . . a calmness that you will find hard to believe is truly in the middle of a thriving metropolis. An escape from the normal hustle and bustle of an otherwise active and vibrant and LOUD city. Everyone who lives here should have a membership to the Gardens so they can locate their centers when city life takes over. Sit on the little bridge and feed the Koi. Stress will melt away. Life will become clear again. You will never regret the time you spend here. Never.
4	Really nice place to visit.  I came here with my two sons (7&5) and they loved it.  Feeding the fish was their favorite part and just walking around and taking in all the beauty is worth your time. The employees that I came into contact with were so VERY hospitable and friendly which will make me come back again with my sons. Take a moment and stop in here (plan and hour or so)you are missing out if you don't.
