4	Pho Hoa has the sweet lemonade juice stuff that I crave at these kinds of restaurants. I enjoyed the spring rolls and the cool French press-style coffee with the condensed milk. The menu is a little difficult to understand, but there's pictures, so you can always just point. I'm a fan of Pho, so it's hard to go wrong in this part of Central! I thought that it wasn't as yummy as Ben Thanh, and the bubble tea selection is less glorious, but it's good stuff, and the price isn't bad. The last time I was here, I was treating two friends who had helped me out with some yard work, and all three of our meals were around $30, and that includes tip.
4	When you look for this place, you're looking for the sign that says "Golden Metropole" in the little shopping strip next to Dim Sum on Central Ave.  I used to trek over to Lang Van all the time to get my dose of pho, but I'm starting to think that this place may be better.  The broth has a more interesting flavor, and my perception, at least lately, has been that the quality of meat used in the pho is better.  Pho Hoa is a franchise chain, but each one is a little different and this one seems to have a few specials and items that are not part of the standard franchise menu.  Their menu is no more unusual than any other Charlotte Vietnamese restaurant, but they do it right and they open at 9:00 a.m. so that you can have pho for breakfast traditional stylee.
4	Chain or not a chain? Both. If you order off the main menu it is part of a chain; however, the menu on the table is not chain and has vegetarian options. I enjoyed the fresh taste of the ingredients. It came out very hot and tasted delicious. Each entree is big enough to share; however, if you have a large appetite and want your own it will be enough. Rewarming the leftovers was not appealing to me due to the fishy smell. Eat it all while you are there so you don't encounter this issue. You'll need to go to the door to pay...they are a bit hands off when it comes to bill time. Enjoy!
3	So I've taken-out from Pho Hoa three times now. I, for some reason, can't convince my Lang Van obsessed friends and fiance to eat here, as they have a much, much smaller menu than either of those two mainstays... so I make a run for it at lunch, for one reason only; vegetarian pho within a mile of my house.It's good! The really fun part about getting pho take-out is seeing how different restaurants put together a "pho-to-go" kit, and Pho Hoa has it down. Quart sized soup container of only the delicious broth; you get a second large styro take out box with noodles, veggies, tofu, sprouts, herbs, jalapenos, limes. Thimble-sized container of hoisin (?). Notably missing: fried shallots, cock sauce. The separation of stuffs and soup means you better be headed somewhere with a bowl awaiting you.  Neato and tasty, and importantly: cheap. 7.50 for more food than I could possibly ever eat for lunch. One day, I'll branch out and give the other 5 veg options on the menu a go. But not until I've had my pho phill.
4	I've got to bump this place to 4 *'s for a couple of reasons.A) I'm obviously "a fan", as I've been coming here once a week for the past two months. Cheap + close to my house + Pho being the perfect winter food = yay.B) Service is always sincere and chill, not to mention quick.C) The crowd is a blast for peep watching. Preps on a Friday before hitting the clubs to wizened grampas, they draw a variety.D) Their in house "specials" menu has all the classics, and their style of prep is different enough from other Viet places to be interesting. Tofu and vegetables over crispy eggs noodles is huge, smothered in an odd but satisfying house brown sauce. Bahn Xeo is decent, though greasy, but what do I care. I'm still ordering Pho 9 out of every 10 times.
3	Good thing I didn't review after my first visit...this time they took my order quickly (last time I was forgotten, apparently) and I barely  had time to read a few pages of a book on my phone.Stuck with my usual pho tai--surprisingly good broth. Hearty, beefy, subtle, and the noodles were just right. The meat was a bit thicker than I prefer. The limes were juicy, but the sprouts and basil appeared to have been in a skirmish and both lost. Bruised and limp, they did their inadequate best.I do wish pho places would give an option for different bowl sizes. Vietnam Grille and Lang Van have more aesthetically pleasing interiors. Lang Van has a selection of wines. Both have attentive staff. I should mention that I went to Pho Hoa yesterday only because Lang Van turned out to be closed on Mondays (which I never saw mentioned on their website).
4	Tried this place for the first time last Friday, and I'm absolutely shocked that that I hadn't been here earlier.  Very good pho and a great vibe at this place.  I got the Number 5 Pho, which consists of two kinds of beef.  Very fresh thai basil, cilantro and jalapenos are served separately.  It is easy to bring large groups here (which we did), the service was extremely friendly, and they have a number of veggie dishes (even veggie pho) for who swing that way.  Big ups to Pho Hoa!!
4	If you are looking for some good Pho you should come here! It is delicious! The Pho Dac Biet was amazing and even the simple Pho Ga!Come here if you are looking for some great soup! The host was so funny too!Overall a fabulous experience!
4	Pho Hua puts out a good bowl of pho at a good price, and the service is always speedy and friendly.  The pho comes with all the trimmings you'd expect: sprouts, basil, mint if you want it.  The only slight gripe I have is that the meat has more fat on it than I would prefer, but that comes with the pho territory, it is not specific to this restaurant.I also like to mix it up a bit and get their vermicelli dishes from time to time.  I'm a big fan of their shrimp on vermicelli.Anyway, this is a solid restaurant, and certainly will set you straight if what you're craving is a big hearty bowl of soup.Pho sho.
4	As the name suggests, this is a great place for pho. I always get the same bowl so my rating of the food is based on that bowl (Pho Tai, Chin Nac - noodle soup with eye round steak and well-done brisket) and the perfectly decent summer rolls they make as well. However, I'm a big fan of iced coffee (you know the strong stuff with the sweetened condensed milk) and whatever coffee they're using tastes like crap. So they lose a star for that one.
4	I haven't found many pho places out in Charlotte but was glad to find this spot. It's pretty dang good. I had the Pho Tai and grubbed it down.What I appreciate at pho places is when they portion it out perfectly.  In most pho places in LA, they tend to give you way too much and it is nice and all, but you miss out on the satisfaction of finishing off a bowl - I thought this amount was really good.The service was just fine and the food was awesome. I hope to come back again soon.  Doesn't hurt that there's an Oriental Market neaThey must be servin' up some lamb too because I saw a RACK and a half.dmo out.
4	The amount of times I said "Yeah, I'm so totally a fan of here" while sitting in here waiting for food was kind of ridiculous.Vegetarian options, a variety of Vietnamese cuisine, an awesome family of staff people, and wicked relaxed.Oh! And bubble tea. Bubble tea is fantastic.I'm having a hard time putting words to the overall feeling of why I really, really like here. The vegetarian soup is exactly what I'd expect, the spring rolls are also up to my expectations, and the bubble tea is run-of-the-mill (at least for if I was back in NY). I guess the atmosphere and the people have me rantin and ravin about this place. Definitely, definitely check it out. You'll see.
4	I wasn't feeling great due to feeling too good the night before so I was in no mood to put any effort forth for dinner.  I just wanted to order something and have it delivered but than I remembered that I am house & dog sitting and they act like wild beasts when the doorbell rings. So, I consulted my bf (yelp) for some help... after figuring out my options in a mile radius I decided to try Pho HoaGood decision!  This is exactly what I needed.  The staff was pleasant and helpful and explained what my veg options were.   I was in, out and back to the pad in under 15 minutes. This was my first experience with vietnamese food but now I'm hooked.  I got soup with vegetables and tofu.  The tofu was baked and soaked up the flavorful broth but didn't get too soggy. It came with a bunch of fresh herds like cilantro, mint, and thai basil as well as jalapeno and lime slices.  Being a first timer I wasn't exactly sure how to assembly it but it's pretty much common sense.  Put the noodles, veggies, sprouts, herbs, and tofu in a bowl and pour the broth over top.  I know that sounds boring but it was delicious! Granted I added the hoison sauce they included and some sriracha I found in the fridge but I tried the broth on it's own to try to figure out if it was vegetable of miso based and although I still don't know I can tell you that its yummy.After eating about 1/3 of the portion size my tummy feels happy.  Thank you Pho Hoa Restaurant for being the best part of my day!
5	Nothing better than a big bowl of soup!!!! And I have tried the pho in lots of Vietnamese restaurants.  Best ever here . After your first visit, you become family and if you don't remember what you liked, they do.  It's a rainy day MUST !
4	Perhaps the best pho in Charlotte. Great broth, appreciate their restraint in the use of salt. I usually order the #45 on the adventurer part of the menu.  It contains every meat they use other than tripe; there is a generous amount of beef and tendon. Service may not be Lang Van great, but it is pretty good for an ethnic restaurant. Only gripe on this visit is that the place was cold; hence my pho got cold very quickly. My husband seemed to think that the basil and other garnishes were also too cold and cooled the soup down as well. Even so I finished every drop. There is free wi-fi, but you will need to ask for the  password.
4	If I had a dollar for every time a friend said "Vietnamese food is great, I love Pho" I would have enough money to go back to this place right now and get another bowl of this amazing soup.  This was my first experience eating Pho and I was not disappointed.  I opted for the vegetarian bowl with Tofu, but they had a ton of different meats they add to these for you carnivorous types.  The service was fast, the food was filling and delicious and the atmosphere was casual.  I love good food from all over the world, and thanks to Pho Hoa, I can add Pho to my list of favorites.
5	This place is a staple in my diet and a special place in my heart. Service is always fast, attentive, and helpful. The pho is flavorful and piping hot - and is usually on your table within 5 minutes of ordering. Nothing is better on a cold day!To-go is packaged separately (broth by itself in a container, and styrofoam box with noodles, meat of your choice, and the rest of the pho fixins) and is ready very quickly. Don't forget to squirt some sriracha into your broth!
2	I hate to do this because I have been coming here for years and the past year has really been a disappointment. They do have OK Pho but its loaded with MSG, feel free to call and ask. I always get the vermicelli and tofu, the past 2 times I have ordered this, its been gross. Its like they are mixing two recipes, Chinese vegetable in the salad dish. Stick to the Pho if you go, just beware if you MSG allergies. Maybe I am spoiled by Lang but I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone anymore.
5	The staff was friendly and attentive, as well as fast.  The food was truly outstanding and I was able to keep it very healthy.  I will be back for sure.
5	I'm always suspicious of pho hoa because it's a chain and the ones in Palo Alto and SJ in the Bay are terrible. That being said, I don't think Pho Hoa tells their franchise operators how to make the food because the one in Philly and the one in Charlotte are pretty damn good. I've had both the Banh Xeo (they give you 2 for some reason) and the pho dac biet and they were both solid. I've been told by trustworthy sources that this is the best pho in town and as someone who rarely orders pho anymore, I was pretty pleased.
4	OK, add this to your list of places to get a nice bowl of Pho, My wife thinks this place may have the best Pho in Charlotte, I'm really torn, as we do visit 2 other Vietmanese shops that are both really good as well. Located on Central avenue so easy access from both downtown and east Charlotte. My only complaint about Pho Hoa is that on one visit the lime brought with plate of basil and bean sproutes felt like it has just been removed from the fridge, as did the pepper paste which I'm fond of. But that was on one visit out of maybe a dozen, so not really a problem. Don't expect that super crazy service here as it is a Lang Van, the service I would rate as good overall, some days are better than others, but never bad, just never really great either
4	My previous review stands... but just realized today that Pho Hoa opens up at 8:30 am.  Hot diggity dog, over the last year or so I've tired of the standard breakfast joints in town. Now I can have a hot bowl of Pho for breakfast, can you think of anything better on a cold winter morning ? Yes winter is a few months away, but I'm sure I'll sneak a couple of bowls of Pho for breakfast before then
5	awesome! very cool owners that truly have pride in their food, and aren't stingy with the spice!!!
4	Chain or no chain, Pho Hoa never disappoints. And the food always comes out at lighting speed, which is a good thing because when you're craving pho, nothing else satisfies. For colds and flus, I highly recommend the hot and spicy seafood pho. Ask them to throw in some raw garlic cloves.
5	I come here far too often to rate this place a mere 4 stars, so I'm updating my review to 5. Without a doubt, this is the best Pho in town.  As much as I love Lang Van, I don't go there for the pho anymore, which is wildly inconsistent. Pho Hoa rendition is spot on every time.But can a mere bowl of soup be 5 stars? Well this is not just a bowl of tasty noodle soup, this is the best breakfast in town! Pho Hoa opens everyday at 8:30, and on any given Sunday you will find me here. I wish Charlotte had more international options for breakfast. Google "50 of the World's Best Breakfasts from Around The World" for an interesting illustrated look at what other people eat for their morning meal.Break out of your breakfast rut and give it a try!
4	Finally found the time to check this place out after hearing many good things about it.  Upon first glance, I wanted to get back in my car and speed away.  Interior is pretty basic and bare bone but the food!!!!!!  *JESUS*  Was amazing!  I love the amount of vegetables that came with the pho, great service, and a great price.  Might take the #1 spot on my pho spots in Charlotte list!
4	The pho tour continues...this place is solid 4 stars. I just got the basic #1 (steak pho) and the meat was very good, broth was A+, good size portion, clean atmosphere and friendly wait staff. I wish there had been more veggies in the soup, but that's just a personal preference. This was dank and I will certainly go back!
4	A little surprised I hadn't reviewed Pho Hoa in the first place, but had the pleasure of having Pho for dinner last night. Learned a few new things this time 'round and couldn't be happier. Here's a few fun facts: Apparently, this place is a chain with several other locations with the Pho Hoa branding, but each location retains creative control over menu items, development, etc. The divider in the men's room is an old kitchen galley door. Rad.Jalapenos are freaking hot.Sriracha is an institution. Loved the Pho Thai. Some of the most "buttery" broth I've had to date. Broths vary from restaurant to restaurant and Pho Hoa makes the short list for me. The summer rolls are top notch, too. Plenty of boba options, too. I'm a large proponent of the avocado variety.
4	YUM!My friend and coworker knows the owners of this place. We went here today for lunch and it was amazing. It was her idea: after her disappointing bun at Zen Fusion last week, she wanted to take us to get real vermicelli noodles at a real Vietnamese place.We got there a bit before lunch so the place was really empty. Our waiter was super attentive and excellent. Service was great throughout our entire meal, and it looked like as the restaurant filled up, he was just as attentive to every table (not just because  I was with a VIP).I got the vermicelli pasta with grilled pork and crispy pork spring rolls. IT WAS SO GOOD. It comes out at room temperature and then you dump these spices and fish sauce over it to make the sauce. They have a variety of hot sauces on the table for you to make it as spicy as you'd like. My friend requested this special habanero chili paste (which I could not use) but I smelled it and it was totally legit. I used the red chili paste, and was able to get my Bun just to the spicy level I like it.The veggies were fresh (some cucumbers and bean sprouts) and the fresh basil was a perfect addition. The veggies and pork spring roll gave my noodles just the right amount of crunch. We got some fresh lime for our dishes as well.We finished our meal with bubble tea. I am not a huge fan of bubble tea, but I have become a convert. I had the avocado bubble tea, and let me tell you, LIFE CHANGING. It is made with fresh avocado (sweetened up, of course) and it was delicious. I tried my friend's coconut bubble tea, and that was equally as delicious (but apparently made with powder according to the owner). Still really good.The restaurant was full by the time we left. Obviously it is popular. And I cannot wait to go back!
5	Whenever craving for some yummy pho in a cozy environment. This is the place. Every dish is on point. The bubble tea is the best in the city. Whatever flavor you choose, it's guaranteed to be delicious. They also have other flavors that is not on the bubble tea menu so be sure to ask, they only use tapioca pearls. Papaya salad is perfect Thai recipe. It contains crushed peanuts so make sure to request none if you have allergies. Ever since moving up to Charlotte about 4yrs ago. I've came here as well as tried other pho locations around Charlotte and the triad area but none can compare. My husband, daughter and I are somewhat usuals here and that's because their food are always on point and wonderful! Do give them a try if you have never been. It will make you change your favorite pho/bubble tea place for sure. :)
4	Not bad.. the place is clean and it is located in a small plaza. I ordered pho and coffee, standard for me.  Their portion is pretty large.  the basil was really really fresh.  Overall I wouldn't say it is the best pho I have had, but I think it should be a good place for Charlotte.  I will be back.
5	Last night was my second time and good god almighty, I could eat pho all day, everyday. After a staggering 11 hours in the car returning home from upstate NY, along with a weekend full of carb induced hangovers, a pipping hot bowl of pho was just what my tummy ordered. Fresh veggies, herbs and just the right amount of sriracha and I was ready to get my stomach back on track for the week. We ordered the summer spring rolls to start and the chicken pho for my entree. The spring rolls were on point with the fresh ingredients and creamy peanut dipping sauce. The chicken pho was just as good as the last time I came. The enormous bowl of noodle, chicken and broth goodness had nothing on me though. I finished just shy of becoming a fish and floating away. Service is always pleasant and quick, with the food arriving in minutes of ordering. Favorite part of the scenery, in the winter there's a lovely kumquat tree near the register (if you've never experienced a kumquat, you're missing out on natures very own sweet tart), huge tank fully of funny looking fish and in the very center of the restaurant a community table that has more laughs than the joker.
4	Came here with my mom while we were on our Ikea trip in Charlotte. We were seated very quickly, as there weren't many people, and within five minutes of ordering, we both had steaming bowls of pho in front of us. The broth was clear and flavorful and the noodles were cooked perfectly. They gave us a lot of meat (definitely your money's worth!) and I particularly enjoyed the steak and fatty brisket. My mom thought her broth was on the salty side, however, and she didn't finish all her meat because it was too much. This place has reasonable prices for a nice bowl of pho that really hits the spot, and when you come, be sure to add the basil (check to make sure it's fresh first though), bean sprouts, lime, cilantro, jalapenos for a nice kick, fish sauce, and sriracha to your soup. It really brings out the flavor. I'd definitely come again, as there are no good pho places in Chapel Hill.
4	My absolute favorite place for Pho! First of all the waitstaff is always pleasant and the service is fast! There are times, that I have eaten here several times a week. The food is fresh, the portions are large and flavorable. You will NOT be disappointed! Go...right now...really go.
2	For a Vietnamese girl who grew up eating pho in Little Saigon, California, the beef pho here  just doesn't cut it.  It's not even up to par.  If you haven't had the best, then you may not be able to tell the difference.  The most important thing in a good pho is the broth.  The broth is the hardest and takes the longest to make.  The broth holds all the flavor; it makes or breaks the pho.  The rest are just additions to the bowl of broth.  Here, I don't know if it's because the broth is too watered down, or if the spices are off, but the broth is just not satisfying.  A good pho broth is made from boiling beef bones with plenty of marrow for hours with spices like cloves and star anise.  Pho is supposed to be a hearty meal in which the combination of protein, spices, and warmth  puts you into a slight narcotic trance. It calms your nerves and makes you want to chill the rest of the day. It is the ultimate comfort food.  However, the beef pho at this restaurant was not hearty enough and certainly did not hit the spot.
5	Can't believe it took me this long to phind this place. Awesome and authentic experience for Charlotte! Yay Pho and tsingtao lunch :-)
5	Great food and wonderful staff. A lot of places you go in and you get greeted by a grumpy old person. Everyone here was happy and jolly. It puts you in a great mood to enjoy their delicious pho. If you're looking for a good pho restaurant to go to. You def gotta check these guys out!
1	I came here very excited to order my favorite vietnamese soup called Hu Tieu..  I asked them to include meatballs and the server told me "No, does not come with meatball" .. Ok.. not the end of the world. The soup came, it was delicious and I was almost done when suddenly I saw a very bright blue, thin, rubber band swimming in my noodles!  YUM! :-(  My husband got the waiters attention and we showed him the rubber band. He did not apologize, but reacted upset and immediately started speaking loudly to the other staff and then looked to my husband and asked if I wanted a new bowl. I did NOT want a new bowl.. I had immediately lost my appetite. But to my surprise when we went to check out, they did not give us the soup for a discount or even offer a slight apology! Later, when I told the story to my friends.. I was informed a similar situation had happened to them also, except I should be glad It was only a rubber band, because they found a cigarette in their soup!
4	Pho was delicious and served in a huge portion. Perfect way to warm you on a cold day. In addition they went out of their way to give me a "secret" hot sauce they had in the kitchen after I told them I liked my Pho spicy. Well worth a visit.
4	I have to say, this is so much better than Lang Van! The vermicelli with pork and chicken is amazing! The fried noodles with seafood is so tasty! And it has so much add-ons: celery, mushrooms, carrot, broccoli - it's freaking tasty! The shrimp spring rolls are so soft and fresh too! I've been back so many times now, thought I'd write up a good review ;)
4	Great Pho.  Time after time I try someplace closer to home and time after time I wish I'd have gone to Pho Hoa. Rich broth, oodles of noodles and just nice guys. Try it, you'll be glad you did.
4	At first, I was a bit sketched out by the entrance of the restaurant. One of the servers was smoking a e-hooka and then there were a bunch of guys standing outside with motorcycles parked by the restaurants chatting and looking all rugged. After going inside, the restaurant is actually pretty spacious, unlike most pho places on central ave, which are pretty cramped. The server is decent, not overtly rude like a lot of pho places, she even came back to ask how the food was. This place never looks very packed to me, I drove by on multiple occasions. You can substitute egg noodles for pho noodle for an extra 50 cent. The quality of the dishes here are decent. I'd say 4/5. Price wise, a bit higher than other pho places around.
5	The best place to get Pho in Charlotte. I'm a Boston transplant. There is a Pho Hoa in Dorchester MA. This is the same group of people. I honestly feel at home when I eat here, and that is the best feeling to have when you are dining out. My highest accolades.
5	THE VEGGIE PHO IS MY JAM! I come here several times per month to get my Pho fix. The folks that run the place are great and very helpful if you just ask. If you want something a little sweet to finish off your meal, ask for an Avocado Bubble Smoothie. I'm addicted.
4	Yummy Pho with chicken.   I'm a rookie with this cuisine so I'll leave it to the experts to battle it out.   Fast service,  easy parking,  good prices.   They even explained to me how to prepare it at my table.   Good experience.
4	Never knew there was a chain Vietnamese restaurant.  They are doing it well.  The menu is extensive and we loved the wraps and the goi couin (sp).  The service was quite good and he even told stories about food and beer in Vietnam.  We would definitely take this in again.
4	Love the fresh ingredients and different flavors. Really enjoyed our meals and will be back again soon
5	My favorite pho restaurant. As a vegan, they take great care of me. The staff is always kind and cheerful.  The decor is simple and tasteful, but no extravagant features. It is very clean and comfortable.Careful with the chili sauce. It's so good you'll want to eat in large amounts, but it is super hot.I simply love this place.
4	Good pho. Expensive price. My Vietnamese friends have been there before and claimed that the business has definitely increased their prices.
5	Pho Hoa is the best pho I have had, hands down.  They take their pho to a health level with adding green vegatables..a little snow peas, broccoli,  celery..etc.  The chicken was moist and tender and sliced in thin layers and the broth was absolutely delicious.  I live in northern Virginia and I am on the hunt to locate a similar one up here.  This is a must Go To resturant!!
5	May not be the best pho I've ever had, but definitely the second best one. Actually, the most cost effective one that contains so much meat. I tried five different pho stores in my 10-day trip, it's the best one. Very tasty soup, and I highly recommend this store!BTW: the bubble tea is amazing, I love it too!!!
4	I love this place. The pho is great and consistent. Be carefully with those condiments though, it can get really spicy really fast. The spring rolls are also great. They are always fast and get you seated quickly. I eat here about once a month.
