5	Cant wait to see the Pens play here!  We went to the open house to try out all the food and find out where we'll be seeing our favorite hockey team this year.  I strongly suggest the kielbasa grinder.  You will not be sorry.
4	So I had a great time time in Pittsburgh's newest arena.  Went to see Three Days Grace with Nickleback and Buckcherry.  The place is a palace.  Beautiful views of the arena and Pittsburgh.  Cool interactive things for Penguins fans.  All in all a classy place.  The sound was very loud.  I recommend earplugs for anyone going to a concert.  Looks like it's going to be a great hockey arena for a long time.  Good luck with it guys, (just lose to the Devils every time ;))
3	We were excited to attend the first of our Penguin pre-season games in the new Consol Energy Center.  As Season TIcket holders for the past 3 year and 3 years previously, we would miss the Mellon Arena and the memories it held for our famly, but were excited about all the "hype" about the new arena.  Entering the AEO gate - we noted the escalator was backed up and decided to take the stars for "exercise" - by the time we reached the top - my heart was pounding - Definately this is not for the faint hearted, but "oh well" .  We wrapped around to the "ticket taker" - that was actually what his name tag said - Couldn't they thing of anything better?.  We continued "UP" the escalators - until reaching the upper level.  Our previous season tickets were in Section "C" in the corner where the Penguins shot one time.  They were in the same "area" as in Mellon - even on the "end" again, but being in row "E' was not much of a help!  Besides the steepness of the steps ( i.e. don't try this with a nacho and drink) - you could barely see the players and the puck!  What a disappointment it was.  This made the game very hard to follow  and greatly took away from the ambiance of attending a game in person.  I pity the poor people who are even higher and have large TV Screens in front of their seats to be able to view the game.  We ended up leaving a the beginning of the 3rd period - as I was so personally disappointed.   Upon leaving the escalators were still in the "up" mode - so we had to use the stairwell!   As my husband comment "seems like we are heading to the dungeon".  It was a long way down - sure do miss the ramps at Mellon .....       We hope to upgrade our tickets to the "Lower Bowl" for next year - otherwise I don't know that I will remain a season ticket holder. -  Still love the Penguins  - but not thrilled with the Consol Energy Arena and definately do NOT like the RC Cola - please bring on the Dr. Pepper!!!
5	I lucked out and was able to make it here for the first pre-season game of the season.  Gotta say they did a mighty fine job.  Great views from most any seat, and they are staggered well allowing you to not have to worry about looking at the back of the head of whoever may be in front of you.  I will definitely be trying to make it for a regular season game here as soon as I can get back out to Pittsburgh.
4	We were excited for our first visit to Consol.  And even more excited to see those Penguins play!  We were amazed by the entry process.  We were jammed up at the doors waiting in the rain as 4 attendants patted everyone down.  Yes, I got patted in personal places by some dude in dreads.  Thrillsville.  We were so excited in get inside this incredible man-made marvel!  We wandered around checking out the views.  Awesome.Our seats were on the top level.  It is so steep up there.  I swear, if anyone made you mad, it would be pretty easy to out them.  One tiny little push and you wouldn't see them again until the 11 pm news!  Even so, this place has an inimate feel.  We could actually see faces of the fans across the arena.  Also, we could make out the faces of the players up here.  What more could you ask for?  Oh, the food is great.  And don't forget to get the sugared nuts.
4	I'm interested to get some more visits here, but obviously there are some significant upgrades for hockey fans.I enjoyed my Primanti's sandwich that tasted just like what you'd expect from any of their locations.The touch screens to view the names etched in the Stanley Cup and read bios about Penguins greats are a long time coming.  Spend some time there and also take a stroll to see all the local area high school hockey jerseys.Two complaints:Some of the food carts are placed in positions that create bottlenecks.  I thought we left those across the street in the Civic Arena.  Hopefully the staff will relocate these or maybe it's just a function of extra people wandering the concourses to experience the new arena. Also, please people, if you are too slow to make the long walk to your seat from the entrance of your section, SIT DOWN in the aisle and let people see.  Our seats are at the end of the row and we've had our views blocked several times because fans aren't getting to their seat before action starts.
5	This arena is beautiful. I've only been to two other hockey arenas--one, an ECHL team's arena in Vegas; the other, the Anaheim Ducks' Honda Center. Comparatively, this one is AMAZING!It's in an excellent location, although I feel sorry for all of the people who have to drive there, because it looks impossible to park and navigate the streets before and after games. The arena is, of course, shiny and new, which means comfy seats and clean surfaces. There's not a bad seat in the house--I sat on the upper level and could see all the action clearly.The arena is the first in the NHL to obtain gold LEED certification--hooray for sustainability! And, of course, the best part: the Pittsburgh Penguins play here. (:
5	Well I finally made it out to Consol Energy Center.  I've got to admit I had some trepidation.  See, I've always loved the old Civic Arena.  I know, it was getting old and a little run down.  But it was distinct and I always had a place in my heart for the old Igloo.  Rick and I had tickets for tonight's Penguins game, but not the Penguins you're thinking of.  Their AHL affiliate, the Wilkes-Barre Penguins were playing the Washington Capital's affiliate, the Hershey Bears.  We'd only been to one other AHL game before and that was a Chicago Wolves game a few years ago.So how does the Consol Energy Center stack up?  Well, nothing will ever replace the Civic Arena but judging it on its own merits, it's fantastic.  Besides being brand spankin' new, the seats here are very comfortable and the sightlines here are outstanding.  We had main floor seats--we'd never be able to afford those for an NHL game--and we could see everything quite well.  They drew a respectable 13,000 for the game too.
4	Aight - lookit - I am a Caps fan through and through.  I am not supposed to like ANYTHING about Pittsburgh. At all. Let alone their arena. Someone's going to take my Caps fan card away because I seriously fell in wub with the Consol Energy Center.My seester and I went on 12/30 to see the hockey double header, featuring a college game (RMU vs RIT) and the AHL game (Baby Pens vs Hershey Bears).  We got seats behind the goal on the end for $25. What the what?! Gold star #1.The concourses are wide open, and the food stands make me cry: they serve Tim Horton's for the love of god. I would KILL to have Timmy Ho's served in DC. They also serve sushi and RC Cola. RC Cola?! No one serves RC Cola except in the South. Gold star #2 awarded here.The building is constructed so that you can always see the game because they have no walls (other than supporting ones) to block off your view. So, you can always see the game in play as you're walking around. Their standing room only section on the top level has a wide ledge to put food/drinks on and you can lean as well.There are lots of views of the city because a lot of the walls are glass. The team store is huge. There are interactive displays all over the place.They even have cell phone charging stations all over the arena. Friggin' fantastic!A solid 4.5 stars for this place. Civic Arena will always be the home of Pens hockey for me, but this place is pretty damn good.
4	Really, I don't have much to compare it to other than the Civic Arena... er, Mellon Arena so I gave it four stars due to lack of comparison.  But it seemed so much BRIGHTER and more open than Mellon Arena, which I always thought was a little dreary... But the seats in the upper deck are STEEP, so rather than the higher rows going BACK, they go UP.  Basically, even if you're in the top row, you aren't so far back that you get a bad view of the ice, and the tall guy in front of you doesn't obstruct your view.  My brother's seats (VERY top row, handicapped seating) are great.  I've become spoiled by sitting in his handicapped seats at sporting events though... they put you in a folding chair (nice cushioned ones too!) with lots of space and legroom if you're not in a wheelchair.  But, even though we were in the top row, and even though I was wearing my glasses instead of my contacts, I could see the puck perfectly the whole time... which was especially nice the 8 times it made it into Tampa Bay's net!Take 10 steps backward from my brother's seats and you're right at a concession stand.  The barbecue place behind section 204 is pretty good.  I got the standard arena-food stomach ache after I had their BBQ chicken nachos, but they were good going down.  All my family members have come to agree that the food in the Consol Center is much better than at the Civic Arena.  Oh, and they have Tim Horton's coffee and donuts too.  I'm neither a coffee fan nor a fan of donuts, but my brother sure does love them.  Can't wait to come back!
5	The best arena I have ever been to. There is so much to look at, so much to choose from to eat, they have sushi for crying out loud. The store is HUGE, had to buy many,many items.The jumbo tron is extra jumbo ;) We were in the Niagara club section, center ice, sweet leather seats. Looooove it! Really easy to get in and out and around Oh yeah the game was good too, pens won! Stayed at the Cambria Suites, literally 5 steps away from arena.
3	The Consol Energy Center is a big beautiful building for the fan to see an event.  The amenities are great and the arena has just about anything you could want.  However, I feel the Consol Energy Center severely lacks  personality, affordability, and the continuity of staff that the former arena had.The Consol Energy Center is a very very very different facility from the Mellon Arena, a building that preceded the Consol.  Many are most likely glad for this.  I am not and here's why.  I miss the ol' Arena and it had nothing to do with the building itself. What I miss most about going to hockey games (and I went to approx 35 a year) at the Mellon Arena was what it didn't have in its physical 'being', it made up for by having the warmest and friendliest people inside. These people helped  you to your seat, shook your hand as you walked in, knew your name,and were glad you were there.  These people were in the same places game in and game out and were readily available.  It was very comforting.  The Consol Energy Center lacks character simply put.  The people are shifted around from spot to spot and those that are there now are only interested in selling you something.  The atmosphere is almost as if the hockey game is secondary.   It's become so commercial.  For the common fan that goes to one game a year and buys a ticket off of ticketmaster, the Consol Energy Center has to be the best thing in the world.  The vantage points are great.  The HD Jumbotron is huge and vivid and the sound system is fantastic.  I'd give it all up to be back across the street.  For a guy like me who spends 15k on season tickets, I need a little bit more than going to a mall to watch a hockey game.  I'd like to have the same usher, the same ticket guy, and the same people who know who you are and are glad you're there.  I'd like to not feel like a number or just a wallet walking around.  I don't need a urinal sponsored by some Light beer and I don't want hassled to give money for a 50/50 drawing after I've spent $500 just to get into the place.  I'd rather see the out of town scoreboard throughout the game but they'd rather show me one of there 700 commercials on their various scoreboards instead. Another deficiency  is the Consol's affordability or lack thereof.  The food is too expensive.  $9 for a personal pizza?  $8 for nachos? $5 soda?  I realize it's a sporting event but this is boarder line fleecing.  .  Sure, it's new and well thought out.  Yes, the cup holders are nice and the 50 different kinds of bottled beer you can buy for $9 is great if you can afford that sort of thing.  It's a great new building with all the 'buzzes and whistles' and it's like sitting at one big half-time commercial.  It's just not for me.  I can't get past all of the ads, the prices, and the cold, mall like atmosphere the place has.   I miss the ol' Igloo and its people and I think a lot of people do too.
4	It's a brand-spanking new version of the HSBC Arena in Buffalo.By that, I mean it's a perfect arena to watch hockey, both in size and sightlines.  The seats are comfy.  The food is delish.  And it's new.  Anything new is good.  I've only been to a box, and I'm docking a star for the following: (i) no en-suite bathrooms*, (ii) RC COLA and (iii) no automatic flushers in the bathrooms.RC COLA? Are you for real?  Fine, I'll drink a Labatt's.  *I can't decide on this one.  I like having my own private potty.   OTOH, I wouldn't want someone to stink up the suite.  OTOOH, there was a lot more room in the suite and it was easy to mingle.
5	After spending many a night at the Igloo I can't say I was the biggest supporter of the change. This venue is quite grand and we are a lucky city indeed to house the best Hockey team in the world in such a luxurious and state of the art center. I have been privaleged so far only to attend these games in Club seating but I do think that there isn't a bad seat to be found. There are a couple of concerts in the horizon so I will be able to update on the acoustics in the near future. Best seats in the house IMO are located right behind the Penguins bench. You can even see the sweat dripping down the guys faces! Whoa! Section 102 row C seat 5,6 or however many you can get together. My Christmas gift from Stub Hub was the highlight of my holiday season! I checked online to see how much they would cost in actual dollars withdrawn from my debit account...$700 a piece...not that I wouldn't want to but I couldn't so if anyone ever invites you with those ticket stats, take FULL advantage.Like any sporting event beers aren't cheap but the experience is well worth the splurge! So INDULGE yourself and join in the mayhem and camaraderie, become part of the proud Pittsburguese nation!
4	Go Pens! Kielbasa Grinder is dope. Full pork nachos, a bit much. And kind of enjoy sitting on the upper deck near the bar area, better than the lower level. But who's coming for the food at this place, really?
4	I've been here twice - once for a concert and another time for a Pittsburgh Power game. I really enjoyed this venue and I felt like you couldn't have a bad seat in the house! The place was easy to navigate and there were so many food and beverage options. Of course everything is overpriced, but hey what stadium isn't! I didn't park around the stadium b/c it costs $15-20. If you drive to downtown after 5:00 PM, parking is typically $5.00 so if you don't mind walking just a tiny bit, save the $$$ and use it towards some overpriced food at Consol.
4	It's a nice stadium... but it doesn't get five stars because it's not the Igloo. On the plus side, there are plenty of bathrooms (including family restrooms!), more food options, and as far as I can tell, all the seats look good. But I cannot think of ANY professional establishment that does not offer either Coke or Pepsi products. Who the heck had the brilliant idea to serve RC? That one decision makes this place seem cheap.
3	Dear Civic Arena - I'll miss you, but promise to always think of you fondly...Last night was my 3rd or 4th visit to the Consol.  Between concerts and the Pens I anticipate many more in the near future.  The good news is, there really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The bad news is, the location still...well...isn't great.  I love the proximity to downtown, but the traffic patterns surrounding this arena are just not ideal.  But it's a stadium....in a city center, so what more can I really expect?  I've decided to let it go.  Deep breath.  Primanti's awaits.  Yes, there's a Primanti's.  Not a new concept in Pittsburgh stadium fare, but one that never ceases to excite.  Yum.  And there's a Pizza Hut - who cares?  In addition, there's the usual assortment of nacho's and pretzels and beer and long lines - again, all par for the course.  The bottom line is - nothing about this place is remarkable, but nothing is awful. It is, as 3 stars says it is, "A-OK."  Watch out for Groupons - they've been doing them more and more; remember that RC products SUCK so brink a flask of Diet Coke if you're so inclined; park downtown and save yourself a few bucks and a headache; and have fun!  Yay for Pittsburgh!
5	Only hockey game I've ever been to and it was Tampa Bay Playoffs.  Amazing facility, Club Lounge, and fans!  I'm from LA and love Pittsburgh.
5	Best arena in the league. Period.
5	What a fantastic upgrade over the Civic/Mellon Arena. I can understand a certain amount of nostalgia for the old place but the Consol Energy Center is bright, modern and spacious without feeling cavernous or uninviting.I've been here for a couple Penguins games and a concert and the sight lines seem pretty great regardless of seating. Lots of different eating options, clean large bathrooms that keep the lines moving. Yes, food prices are jacked up but that's to be expected. Plus they have a Primanti's and now a Burgatory! Yes yes yes!... can't wait to try out the Burgatory at Consol.
5	I love Consol.  It is hands down the best place in Pittsburgh to see a sporting event.  There is literally not a bad seat in this place.  I have been here for concerts, football games, and hockey games, and I have never had my vision hindered by anything.  Also, they have some great food at this place.  Burgatory has recently just opened up a burger stand inside, and that alone makes me want to come see a Penguin game just so I can enjoy a burger.  The only down side is that the food here is pretty pricey, but what do you expect.  All the food is fantastic thought.  Honestly, it amazes me to say this but the BBQ Chicken Nachos (though nine dollars) are the best dang nachos I have ever had.Seriously though, I would go to Consol just to hang out.  There would not even need to be an event going on for me to find myself having a good time and eating good food.  With that being said, if you have not been here to see a show or a sporting event, you should probably get off Yelp and go buy some tickets for something right now.  You will not be disappointed,
5	The Burgatory chicken sandwich is one of the best offerings I've ever seen in a sporting venue. Check it out on the upper deck. The chicken breast is a hefty portion; my wife has often not been able to finish it even though she thinks it is delicious! Their milkshakes are good, but they use a lot of whipped cream on top and they are VERY sweet. Be sure to share. There are two sides to the Burgatory stand, so if the line is long, you might try going to the back side.Otherwise, I also recommend checking out the carving station near section 105 which has rotating items. Primanti's still remains my favorite, I think.The Nakama sushi is only OK. They have to prepare so much in advance to handle the rush that the rice doesn't have that fresh texture to it and it seems unfortunately too much like grocery store sushi from sitting on the shelf all-day. It's also very pricey too. You're better to head somewhere for sushi after the game. However, if you're just dying for some sushi, the red dragon is a good roll.We recently got to see behind the scenes as part of the Mario Lemieux Fantasy Camp and I want to say that all the servers and staff were friendly and helpful. They looked you in the eye when talking with you and seem to genuinely care that you have a great evening.We got to eat one night in the Lexus Club and the food was spectacular. It was a buffet style and there were lots of delicious options and a great view of the city.If you can get on the suite level there is Penguins artwork that's worth seeing along with some photographs from the recent Stanley Cup championship that I haven't seen before. I also love that they have the team photos through the years in the exit stairwells around the arena.In my previous review I noted some jam up in the concourses. That seems to have improved, though it still gets busy there between periods.
3	Not in love with this place, but all of my complaints are relativity minor. I wouldn't want to dissuade anyone from going -- but there are certainly areas for improvement. Things I do like: The seats are a million times better than Mellon, they are padded and larger than I was expecting. I didn't feel crammed from side to side, even though my neighbor was a PGH XXL. It also seems like you'd have a full view of the ice no matter where you are sitting. Things I wasn't crazy about: The upper bowl is exceptionally steep. Like, if you have issue with vertigo, you will want to pick seats on the lower section or toward the back of  the upper. I was at a Pen's game 1/10/12 and watched a man tumble down the steps. It was terrifying. But I suppose that is how all venues are to some extent...Exits and stairwells I felt could have used better (ie larger) signs. It wasn't hard to get around by any means, but you had to pretty much walk up to stairwells to see what exit it lead to. Wouldn't be an issue if you went here a lot. Very minor, but still annoying.Things I HATED: The railing of the upper bowl does not seem adequate height-wise. We sat in the front row - the railing (which was a piece of plexi-glass) didn't even go up to my waist (I am 5'3). I get that it was probably to give a better view, but in front of us was pretty much a cliff that you'd die falling off. Our seats were mid row -- getting in and out was extremely difficult. The width of our row and "the cliff" was identical to the width between the other rows - very, very narrow. It seems like there should have been extra space between the row and "railing". If somebody sneezed while you tried to squeeze by, accidentally getting pushed off felt like a very real possibility. All that said, this only seemed to be an issue in the first row of the upper bowl. I would go again, just choose different seats.
5	So I was back in da'burg for Thanksgiving and what does it net me?  How about the pleasure of seeing 'Sid the Kid' play his first game since suffering a concussion during the Winter Classic on 1/1/11.  Wow, what a great way to introduce me to the Consol Energy Center, as this Monday night was electric.As you can imagine, the place was packed, but it didn't feel...claustrophobic.  All sightlines from my seat were great.  The concessions were easily accessible with plenty of options.  I mostly enjoyed the beer, which at $7.00 for a 20 oz was on par with other venues (Tip: The Marriott near the Consol sells beer in the lobby at a much more reasonable price for pregame festivities).  The plus side to the pricey beer is that it will slow down your need to use the Consol's, long, patron lined, facilities (think 15 minute wait).If you have kids that are into hockey be sure to bring them as the Consol Energy Center is pretty kid focused for a sporting venue.  There is an area that lets kids be the goalie or play with cool interactive displays.        Overall the only downside to the evening, (besides the restroom lines and not getting any Ice Girl's phone numbers)  was zero ability to use my AT&T phone despite it registering a full signal.  But I guess that is for a review of AT&T.  On this night it was all about Sidney Crosby, hockey, and the Consol Energy Center.  All of which were stellar.
3	I have been to several Pens games here and I find the venue to be very good.  I seek out the sweet potato fries, they are hard to find but worth the trouble (sections 120 & 232.  The Burgatory concession is also good, section 206.  The visibility is great from everywhere in the room.
4	Strangely enough, moving to Pittsburgh does not automatically make you a Pittsburgh fan, it is something previously sought out or born in to. Since hockey was as foreign to me as cookie eating competition to a diabetic I found myself lacking when it came to any exposure to seeing the Pittsburgh Penguins play. I had heard all about the igloo realizing it seemed to be built on people memories more than the steel it was apparently constructed on but I had really never heard much about the Consol Energy Center other that the phrase "It's nice"So when I went to see the Pens game last night I was in a bit of a loss when it came to an opinion. I was truly fresh for the picking. A ripe apple dripping in morning dew waiting to be plucked by the clutches of a first impression.And then I was plucked.The roar of over 18 thousand beer slurping fans cheered on as the Pens took the ice. A man a few rows back began a chant, screaming until his throat ran dry "lets go Pens, lets go Pens". Before I knew it, 18 thousand other fans seemed to be carving into my eardrums shouting the same thing. It wasn't before long that I realized this was more than an audience, this was a family, a family that lived and died on every shot on goal.  The beer was icy cold which was only encouraged to stay that way from the frosty chill that swept through the air. I myself loved the chills the cold breezes brought which pulled me into an idea of being outside among the ice and snow, to the place where hockey was meant to be played. The food and drinks will cost you a kidney but as was to be expected at the Consol Energy Center. I kept telling myself that everything was laced with the world's first edible gold which seemed to put my mind at ease.The Pens went on to win that game in a shootout which thrilled me to see since it was my first dip in that pool. Parking was fair and the foot traffic was expected, I can honestly say it was genuinely a great time. So as I currently reminisce about my experience, I am confronted with the phrase "It's nice". Consol Energy Center was more than nice, more than a sporting event. Like the igloo before it, it's a place that is built on memories one game at a time.
5	Loved my first experience, Pens win!!! The facilities were clean, beer cold, fans adorable, a variety of venues to enjoy, and I found a good buy on a hockey shirt. What more does a fan want? Only tickets at face value...
4	Darren and I came here to see Van Halen the other night, and I was blown away by the sound and spectacle. Part of me misses the old arena, but the Consol is gorgeous. I can't wait to see a Pens game here (hint, hint Sexyman). So far I've also seen Bon Jovi and TSO here as well as VH. 2 complaints.1-The food is pricey. $13 for a soft braided pretzel rod, cheese dip, and a soda!2-The place is confusing to get out of and find your way around in.Other than that, I look forward to coming here more in the future. Go pens!
4	I attend several Sabres games a year at the First Niagara Center in Buffalo so I was intrigued by what I'd experience at Consol.  Buffalo is a HUGE hockey town with all of our home games selling out and plenty of parties and ways to watch the game when we are away.  Our fans are passionate, crazy and a lot of fun.  Since the Pens had won a cup recently, I was pretty sure the atmosphere at a Pen's game would be equally as electric.  I wasn't wrong.   The fans are passionate and enjoyed giving me some good natured digs for wearing my Sabres jersey.It is apparent it is a brand new arena clean, bright and full of amenities.  Even at the breaks between periods it never felt overwhelmingly crowded like many arenas can.  As someone who is 6 feet tall, I wish there was more leg room but the seats were still decently comfortable.  Our seats were in the upper level but we still had a great view of the ice.Concession prices were about average for an arena setting and the lines moved quickly and efficiently.  Too bad the same can't be said about my Sabres since we lost 8-3 that night.  In all an enjoyable experience.
3	Street side sitting watching the game on the jumbo tron! Not that bad
5	I been to consol energy center 2 times. I can honestly say there's not 1 bad seat in the area. Unlike the old mellon area. Its well built and has a nice design. Like all sports areas, the food and drinks are very pricey. Still they did a great job in buliding the consol energy center.
4	Beautiful and new !
5	What a beautiful building for a hockey game. After attending the 2012 NHL draft at CONSOL, I was impressed by the layout of the building, the quality of the facilities, and the excellent sight lines from all over the arena.My only complaint is parking - there really isn't any - but that's more a problem with Pittsburgh itself than the arena.
5	Looking back, if anyone ever told me back in 1991 or 1992 I'd be seeing Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band in the year 2012, I'd'a said that person was nuts.  See back then Springsteen had disbanded the E Street Band.  And his major albums at the time--"Tunnel of Love", "Lucky Town", and "Human Touch" kind of represented him in an artistic nadir.  They are not favorites of Springsteen fans.  And the song "Streets of Philadelphia"?  As far as I'm concerned, the lyrics are beautiful however musically I think the song is very dull.  It doesn't go anywhere.Face it folks.  Springsteen was someone my dad liked.  Geezer rock.  Passe.But then a few things happened.  I grew up.  I began to diversify my musical tastes.  Thanks to a certain Billy Bragg and Wilco album called "Mermaid Avenue", I began to hear how Bruce Springsteen was inspired (if maybe indirectly) by Woody Guthrie.  Then he put the E Street Band back together and began writing politically charged material again.  And scored a major comeback.The funny thing is I've seen Bruce Springsteen live in concert before.  Twice in fact.  But I'd seen him as a sideman with  Joe Grushecky & the Houserockers at their now legendary shows at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall.  But this time around it was Bruce, not Joe.  And along with the E Street Band, he gave a thundering show, running through the catalogue.  He began with "Don't Look Back" and worked his way through about five songs including "Hungry Heart" before getting to "We Take Care of Our Own", the first single off of his latest album, "Wrecking Ball".  And no fans, the new material is NOT an excuse to take a washroom break or run for the beer stands.  This new material is very good and "We Take Care of Our Own" is a highly politically-charged song.  Let's hope no one co-opts it, misinterprets it, or abuses it like "Born in the USA" was.  The band worked through a few more issues-related songs including "Death to My Hometown" and "My City in Ruins".  We then heard some of the more classic Springsteen Hits including "Spirit in the Night", "Adam Raised a Cain" and "Because the Night" (sorry Patti Smith and Natalie Merchant, but he totally reclaimed that tune).Well he finished the main set with "Land of Hopes and Dreams".  The encore began with "Racing in the Street" and "Born to Run".  And who joined him on stage for "Glory Days"?  Yep, you guessed it--Joe Grushecky and his son Johnny Grushecky.  But Bruce did step into the background for one Grushecky number--"Light of Day".  So yes, I've now seen three Springsteen/Grushecky performances.What I did miss though was the 45 minute free concert Springsteen gave in support of Barack Obama at Soldiers & Sailors earlier that afternoon.  And my one regret of the whole evening was that I never got the chance to see and hear Clarence Clemmons live.  Having him still around would have made the evening complete.
5	In my quest to see as many Pens games in as many venues as I can this season, I certainly had to check out an early afternoon home game while I was back in the 'Burgh. Ironically, the NJ Devils were also in town and I was looking forward to witnessing a home win on Groundhog Day.Replacing the dated and rundown Mellon Arena next door a few years ago, the Consol Energy Center is a welcome addition to downtown Pittsburgh. The state-of-the-art facility is not only the home of the Penguins, but also hosts a number or concerts and events throughout the year.Even though we sat up high in section 214 among the sold-out crowd, the overhead view of the ice was perfect for watching the Pens attack the net. In addition, upon entering the complex we were each given tickets for three complimentary concession food items. So, armed with a large hot dog, nachos with cheese/jalapenos and a Coke, we enjoyed watching Sid and his teammates send the Devils back to Jersey with a big loss.The only thing missing here is another Stanley Cup Champions banner hanging from the rafters. Hopefully they'll fix that this season. Let's Go Pens!
5	While this is a new arena thus things still look fresh and sparkly, this arena has it all!  Have been here twice and always come away impressed with the venue!
4	Beautiful arena! Great view even from the top seats. Food is sort of mediocre but you don't go for the food.
3	5 stars for layout, cleanliness, friendly staff, and overall quality for a venue. 1 star for gluten free options. There are close to zero gluten/allergen free items in this entire arena, save the fruit options at some concession stands. The nachos are "gluten free" but processed with other wheat products and also fried in soybean oil, the salad has granola mixed in with it, and the sushi IS gluten free, but no safe soy sauce is available. They sell Redbridge lager, which is great, but I found myself having beer for dinner because I couldn't eat anything. They will also confiscate any allergen free snacks at the door, so don't bother. Hopefully they get the memo like PNC park and start to offer some safe options for those of us with food allergies!
4	The house that Sidney built is everything the Civic Arena was not. Lets face facts, the igloo was old, tired, and for those of you who wanted to save it....why? I gave the "Con" only four stars because traffic after a game is a nightmare. We were stuck inside the Marriott's parking garage for forty-five minutes after the Pens stunning 3-2 victory against the Boston Bruins, saving their offensive outburst scoring 3 goals in the last five minutes. The new arena is surrounded by two lane streets, so traffic builds up quickly.The Consol Energy Center is bright, airy, lots of room to walk around, there isn't a bad seat in the house, and tons of food choices. I had a mushroom burger from Burgatory, and like the restaurant it was delicious. The sound and visual effects are amazing and the team is great. All in all of the four new sports venues in town, PNC Park is still number 1, but the Consol Energy Center is a great place for Hockey, wrestling matches, basketball games and concerts. It's beautiful compared to the igloo. Sorry Igloo I loved you, but it was time to say goodbye.
5	Consol Energy Center is a beautiful, spacious rink.  I've been to two of their games recently (vs Flyers and Bruins) and both games were exciting and tense.    The Penguins are one of the best teams in the NHL (6 straight playoff appearances and Stanley Cup championship 2009) and have two of the league's best players (Evgeni Malkin and Sidney Crosby).  You can expect crisp passing, creative attacks, and lots of scoring in most games.  The hockey rink is really nice--there is not a single bad seat.  You can follow the hockey puck (mostly) from even seats up high.  I recommend entering through the Verizon Gate, which seems to be less busy.   There is also plenty of parking--the further you park from the Rink, the cheaper it is.  The big screen shows replays and the crowd really gets into the games.  They have highlights of the game during intermissions complete with a sportscaster.  Many parts of the game are corporation sponsored (it's a bit much)-- the Powerball Powerplay, the Mac Attack (where if the Pens score in the next two minutes, everyone gets a free big mac), etc...  Oh well.  The games are not to be missed.   Let's go Pens!
4	Went there recently for my first Penguins game.  The place is awesome!  Nice scoreboard, nice rink.  Good view of the game.  My only complaint is the long lines for the restrooms and food stands; but that's pretty normal at most sporting events; but worse here.  Glad I could walk from the hotel because driving is a nightmare after any game.
2	I bought my tickets late to an event (WWE that may son wanted to see) and we sat in section 219.  Although I was right in front of the screen on the ceiling, I couldn't see since there's was a Pens flag hanging right in the middle of the screen. Def disappointing only being able to see the wrestles from the shoulders down. Since we were sitting so high, that was the only way to see what was going on. Also, the top of the main screen was not visible because of a banner at the top. I will not go to another event if the only seats left are in the 200s.
5	One of the best nights ever. The Consol Energy Center was the perfect place to lose my hockey game virginity. I'm a big Penguins fan and they made sure I had a great time at this winning game! The rink is clean, the stadium is beautiful. The big screen in the middle is fun and they make sure to keep the energy up all night long. Parking is a joke but that's always expected at these sort of venues. There's barely any way to avoid it. I didn't get an food or snacks but the nachos smelled super good and the cotton candy was only $5. Maybe next time. I love you Penguins!!
4	Great arena!  We were in town for the Frozen Four Men's College Hockey Championship and Consol Energy is a great hockey arena.  Comfortable seats, good site views, huge monitor display off the ceiling at center ice for replays - all top notch.   You can easily walk to the rink from down town, also. I'm not so sure about parking, since we did walk in from our downtown hotel.
5	Was here recently for the NCAA men's Frozen Four.Really nice arena--one of the best I've been to. Clean, modern, spacious, comfortable seats, great sight lines (even from ice level), usually wide concourses (altho can get tight in spots). No alcohol allowed at NCAA events, so I can't speak to liquid concessions, but Burgatory certainly lived up to its reputation as one of the best burgers in The 'Burgh. Also had a good pulled pork sangwich from a cart.The best thing about Consol is that it *feels* more intimate than it actually is. I believe it holds 18K for hockey, but it felt like a much smaller rink. I assume it was designed this way, so props to those involved. Look forward to returning here in the future.
5	I have attended hockey games in New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, D.C., and Boston. I have yet to see an arena that compares to Consol Energy Center. We were not bored for a single minute of the game. Walking the concourse itself is even an adventure!The production value of the games is ahead of most others I've seen, and it's not a money or tech issue, it is a Pittsburgh legacy in how the organization respects the game, the history, and the fans. We really felt part of something special when we were here, and this is in complete contrast to attending a Philly game.The only negative with Consol is the traffic around the arena. This area of town is an absolute nightmare to transit. We decided to walk most of the distance, because even taking a cab to the game, it was cutting it close to make the opening faceoff. Make sure you allow lots of time to eat near the arena and take a nice walk to the game.Otherwise, don't be discouraged by Yelpers who are still clinging to the old Igloo. This place is a gem!
4	I had the pleasure of attending the Harlem Globetrotters game on a Groupon and the basket game was hosted at the Consol Energy Center.   The Consol is magnificent, spotlessly clean and clutter free and also there were ushers every few feet.  I was really impressed with the usher service at the CEC. To me it appeared that they literally had them placed at every row.   On our Groupon deal our seats were four rows from the floor.  I could tell that a lot of planning went into the layout of the Consol.   Too bad I'm no hockey fan because I can see myself really enjoying spending more time at the Consol.
2	This is a Consol Energy Center concert review. Not for the band, but the venue.Hokay. This place is a sports arena first, and a concert venue second. So you can fuh-get about good acoustics. We had seats in the 201 section (pretty much right to the left of the stage, on the second level up) and the sound was turrible, as Charles Barkley would say. We were a bit peeved that we spent, what? ~$45 a piece to see a concert only to be very disappointed with the sound quality thanks to the arena. We could see okay, but it wasn't the best view ever.Other than the sound (which for a concert is like 90% of the deal), this place had a ton of tasty food and drink options. Dairy Queen, Pizza Hut, Burgatory... A fast food dream. Okay but wait instead of Coke or Pepsi they only had RC Cola. What the what? The bathrooms were clean and even had tissues (although too crowded between acts, wah, ladies need to learn how to get in and get OUT). It was a bit chilly thanks to this being a hockey arena, so if you're not sure about temperature it's okay to dress like you'll be chillin in A/C. Because you will be. There were ushers for every section, thankfully, because the ee-deeots in front of us were trying to smoke a cigarette and it was pretty gross. The usher was on top of it and they behaved for the rest of the night. Besides getting up frequently but what are you gonna do?If I were ever to come back for a concert it would have to be with a general admission ticket (ugh standing for hours and the quintessential post-concert backache and feet ache), or in seats directly in front of the stage, not off to the side. But I'm pretty meh on the concert experience here. Outdoor concerts at Stage AE are still my favorite in the 'burgh. For now, anyway. There are still a few other venues I want to check out, but this place is definitely a miss for me.
4	Great place for a hockey game, I went there for the Frozen Four in early April. Plenty of food choice, plenty of bathrooms, seats were great, views were great. I parked a couple streets east of the Center in a private lot, about 1/2 the price and easy to get out from later.
1	The coolest thing about this arena is suit 66 and that is Only a dream unless you happen to be a millionaire that doesn't mind spending a thousand dollars for 1 game. It's basically a combination of Wells Fargo Center (but smaller) and Verizon Center (but newer). It's design is basically ripped off from every other arena built in the last 15 years. Not to mention fans walk in front of you from the time the game starts till the end.I prefer The old civic center. At least that arena had character.
4	Let's go Penguins!  Clap, clapClap, clap, clapEven though I'm a Leafs fan, I do have a lot of love for Pittsburgh even though I think I'm a jinx to the team.   It seems the Pens are in the playoffs when I'm in town for the marathon and I've caught two games over the years.  The first, they lost to the Canadiens at the Igloo.  This time, they lost to the Islanders at Consol.  Sorry about being bad luck for the team, but I had fun at both games.  Plus, I got to see Sid come back and score two goals, so that was awesome.The Igloo was cool but not very fan friendly.  Consol Energy is awesome.  From the delicious pulled pork to the plentiful beer, everything about this place was great.  The sightlines were amazing, the energy in the place was great.  Sound system and electronic signs were just right.This is definitely one of my favorite arenas in which to watch hockey (I hate MSG!).  The design is clean and flows well.  The only negative was getting out took a long time.  Not as bad as MSG but I thought they could improve on the outbound crowd flow.  They do it great at ACC in Toronto.But that's a quibble.  I love Consol Energy Center and hope to return again.Let's go Pens!  (Unless you're playing the Leafs)
4	Team Johnson #21 Michael Turner the burner baby!lots of stairs
4	As a former American Eagle Outfitters employee, I like the shameless promotion of AE throughout Consol Energy Center. It's really amusing to me!I've been to Consol twice and really enjoyed both times here. Now, please keep in mind that I was lucky enough to be sitting in a suite for the two events, so I guess that I really couldn't have had a bad time!The pros are that Consol Energy Center is a beautiful arena and very well kept. Hopefully, this continues, even as the building becomes older with time. The cons are parking and accessibility. The roads around the area really back up after events. Parking 8-10 blocks away from the arena is somewhat at-your-own-risk as the area seems to decline with each block. While recently walking back to my car, I was quickly reminded that I really should re-invest in some mace.
4	I've only been here for a Pens game, but it was easy to see (even from up in the nose-bleeds)... Food was good too... I'm not really into hockey, so that's about all I have to say.
4	I'd like to give Consol a 5,, but there are some definite flaws.  Perhaps not for every event, but for hockey games .... Overall the venue is great.  Even in the upper bowl, there's pretty much not a bad seat.  The only real problem I see consistently is basically a design flaw more than anything.  Whoever designed the seating didn't take into consideration  the golden rule of live hockey ..... Wait for the play to stop to enter or leave the seating area.  The Igloo was great in this aspect.  You could generally get to your seat during even a relatively short play stoppage.Consol .... Not so much.  The stairs leading to the seats are way to long and it creates a decent amount of disharmony during games.  Unless you're in decent shape, you're not getting from an A, B, or C row to the walkway\vendors during your typical whistle to face off time frame.Something to keep in mind if you want to go to the game and are elderly or have young-uns.Aside from that, exorbitant food and drink prices would be my only other gripe.Love the Pens, love the game, like the venue.  I can live with the flaws.  Actually ... Do I even have a choice?
4	I've been to the Consol twice since it's birth (haha) One time was for a Pens game and the other was for Disney on Ice this past weekend. Both times, I bought tickets at the last minute and ended up on the 2nd floor in the 200's. While it might seem like a crappy section, there legit is not a bad seat in the house. Actually on the 2nd floor, you look RIGHT over the stage/ice/ect. As for the building itself, it's very spacious and modern as others have pointed out. There are multiple entrances so the line moves pretty fast to get it. I wish I could do a compare/contrast with the Igloo, but I was extremely young when I visited there. However, all good things must come to an end. The Consol works for me. I'll add pictures sometime later for proof that view all around is decent no matter where you are!
2	atmosphere for hockey games is weak, especiallyb compared to others.  nationwide arena puts consol to shame.  consol rest room lines are insane, again especially compared to other arenas.  a huge pens fan, but the ignorant, yuppy fans pollute the place.
5	Bruce !!!!! Who wouldn't be here ! One of the top 3 Bruce shows I have seen .  At 64 he opens with a cover from the Clash! While we missed Little Steven on this leg, Tom Morello was awesome!  Their partnership on The Ghost of Tom Joad is stunning to witness!  We"ll forever miss Clarence but Jake does his Uncle proud!  Shame on the naysayers who who are stuck in the "he isn't the Bruce of the 70"s".  No he isn't.  He just keeps getting better with age !  At 3 hours 8 minutes , he just brings it night after night after night!
2	The Consol Energy Center has no character and the architecture is boring and lacks imagination. Instead of looking at other arenas they should have tried to do something unique. PNC Park will always be a Pittsburgh favorite because besides the view the building does not depend on touch screens to make it stand out. Which get boring and useless after so many times used. Pnc Park got balconies, multiple sit down restaurants and bars and bridges. The biggest difference is that everything do not look the same at PNC. You would think as many complaints about how boring and plain the architecture was the Penguins would of actually got a clue.   The Consol energy center looks just like the Xcel Energy Center, which is older and cheaper but they claim the Consol is one of a kind. When the public complained about how generic the designs was, they kept bringing up the glass atrium. WOW BIG DEAL. For an arena that opened in 2010 you would think it would have something never seen before it has no 'WOW' factor. It is a Leed gold arena but that is it and to add on a point that Adam made. Suite 66 is a joke, most of us will never see it and they made such a big deal deal about it. If the Penguins was really about the fans they would have hired a innovative architect . Not a boring and no vision architect like Populous who is only good at designing baseball fields. Why not think outside the box and build it to where all the fans can see the Penguins walk to the ice not just the super rich.         Like i said no vision and the lower entrance of the Consol serves no purpose and what is the point of having a big glass atrium. When the lower entrance is not really that because you got  to enter at the upper entrance regardless. All you do is go up with a blank wall what a waste of space and not taking advantage of the arena being built on two different levels. Look the Consol is nice and will be be nice till these newer non generic arenas start popping up then what. I was never a big fan of the Civic Arena but at least it had character and it was different and not so mall like. I feel the Consol is an upgrade but nothing that renovations could have not fixed in the Civic Arena. Instead of the Penguins copying off Pnc Park's brick color they should have grew a brain and asked why it is the best of the best. Because it is unique and not like the rest of the other MLB stadiums. There are some things they can do to make it different than any in the league but they will not ask the fans. They lack vision and want to be like everyone else but this is Pittsburgh and we take pride on standing out. They think it is all technology but any arena can add  that with minor renovations. Its about the character of the building and the Civic arena and Madison Square Garden proves that. Last but least there is no legroom while sitting, if you stand up for someone you still get hit. I know i said a lot but do not get me wrong the Consol is a nice and beautiful arena. It just lacks character and is not that different than from other arenas. San francisco is building a new arena and you can see outside from inside of the arena. Like it or not at least it is different and take chances in design unlike the Consol.
4	There are only 2 reasons why I give Console 4 stars.  1) no cup holders outside of club seats 2) the Blackhawks have a tequila bar, come on Mario!  Try to at least keep up with the other teams and their older arenas.Aside from these two discrepancies there is not a bad seat in the house unless you are in a corner within the  first five rows of the glass but that is the shape of the rink and has nothing to do with Consol.  Thank you for the added bathrooms.  At the Civic Arena you would have to wait the entire intermission to use the facilities because of the long lines.  There are many more food options and they have RC Cola, an old timey favorite.  The beer guys have great personalities (lots of love for Tommy) and will shake it for the Madonna fans.  The cashiers at the concession stands are uber sweet and friendly.  The main shop is always a disaster before the games so be warned.  This is not the employees fault as it was designed this way.  The kids have a great play area and there is plenty of other places to snap family pictures inside and outside of the arena.  Also there are more elevators and escalators so older fans/concert goers will be able to reach their seats without much exertion.  You will have a great time here.  Enjoy!
3	Awesome venue. I always enjoy coming here to watch the Pens play! The arena is clean and well-planned, with lots of options for food and drink. Bathrooms are generally clean, and the local staff are always helpful to us. I've sat in several different sections to watch the hockey games, and haven't yet felt that there was a "bad seat" in the house. I hope to be back again and again!Please note that the above review doesn't include my impressions of their parking arrangements. I docked two stars from my really favorable impression because of the way things are. Being gouged for parking sucks - I hate paying $20+ to leave my car in the middle or back of an empty lot. With ticket and concession prices being what they are, parking could be more reasonable. Middle class families will soon be unable to enjoy Pens games (many are already unable to do so because of the cost...) and we will all suffer. Build an adequate parking structure and offer reasonably priced parking, and fans will flock to your games and buy expensive fan items and food.
3	I've been to Consol several times for various concerts and events like Disney on Ice. The arena itself is a pretty average stadium other than the fact that it's new. I've sat in the first row, and I've sat up in the 200 level. Every time I've gotten an enjoyable view of whatever it was I was there to see. The attendants are always helpful when it comes to finding to your seats. There is also a massive food selection not just including typical stadium food. There is a Burgatory in house (yum! I've written a review on those guys, too), as well as brand names like Pizza Hut, Dunkin Donuts, and Dairy Queen. There are some things I'm not a big fan of. One is the outrageous prices for food and drinks. I know every arena, stadium, and movie theater is going to gouge you for food. But $5 for a "regular" sized drink (I'm guessing 20oz) is absolutely absurd. I didn't even get checked by security last time I went in for a concert (Katy Perry). He took a look at my outfit and told me I didn't need wanded and passed me through. Convenient for me, sure. But in massive venues like that, I think safety should be one of the absolute top priorities. My last complaint is that the women's bathrooms have two entrances. That seems helpful at a glance, but when you've got a full arena, there are going to be lines for the bathroom. It gets VERY hectic when there's a line at two different sides of the bathroom and people are fighting for those open stalls. Very unpleasant. Other than that I think Consol is your typical arena. You've been to one, you've been to them all.
3	This was my first visit to Consol Energy Center to see Paul McCartney in concert. I entered through the main gate which is by the hockey statue. I knew to travel light since both I and my tiny purse were subject to inspection.I went to purchase a bottle of water after buying some show gifts and found that the lady would not let give me the cap to put on it.  This made it very awkward for me to use the ladies room before the show let alone trying to get to my seat.My seat was located on the floor where normally during hockey season the ice would be. I was struggling very hard just to climb down those steps since I had no one to help me and I still had this open bottle of water in my hand. Finally an usher came up to me and helped me to the floor.When I found my seat I was so concerned about that water bottle being knocked over because I knew this was a sold out concert and people around me would be dancing to the music. Paul put on an incredible show which truly made my visit worthwhile.At the end of the concert I wanted to leave on at the lower level gate. Instead I was forced to climb several staircases to the uppermost entrance and had to walk all around a crowd of people just to get down to where I was parked. I have bad knees so this climb was a bit harsh on me.Please note that they do have places to eat both inside and a couple of restaurants right outside but I wasn't hungry. If it weren't for the fact that I had problems with my water bottle which I was grateful didn't spill I would have given this place a better rating. If I ever decide to come back I'll call ahead to find out how to enter and exit without having to climb stairs.
5	Went here for the Black Keys and Cage the Elephant concert and I will have to say I was impressed. The lines for entry were really short, the attendants were helpful and quite friendly and finding parking was a total breeze (now I don't know if that would be the case of a Penguins game). Their bathrooms had a ton of stalls and were clean, there was a lot of choice in terms of concessions such as cheese steaks, egg rolls, nachos, popcorn, sushi. It was a lot. The staff was incredibly helpful and helping you find your seats. Speaking of seats, me being super short I always have problems with seeing heads in front of me when sitting in a venue. Well this place has such a good slant that I didn't have any problems. The seats were comfortable and there were cup holders! Overall I was impressed with this venues, sure expect to pay an arm and a leg for a beer, but in places like this I think it's to be expected.
5	This place rocks.  Vending is 2nd to none.....exceptional sushi as an example.  Great hockey venue great concert venue.  Highly recommend this place.  The area is known as uptown.  Just a few blocks is the Hill  District which is getting nicer by the day.   This entire area is getting better.
4	Had a chance to go to  a Pens game while in town for a conference. Entered from 5th Ave. and found getting thru the doors and past security a bit of a hassle...so be early. They don't really separate the lines to get in, so you have a bit of line jumping. Once inside you make your way to the main floor but the odd design is you still have to go upstairs to get to the main concourse.  All the seats are great. The food and beer is pricey...but all stadiums are. The bathrooms were messy. The ushers were watching the game while puck was in play, never turning to acknowledge anyone waiting for a whistle.  Overall not too bad.
4	I've been to a Pens game as well as a Fleetwood Mac concert (!) here, and both of my experiences were great. I had not been a hockey fan growing up, so I was incredibly surprised at how sophisticated, clean, and family-oriented a game at the center actually was. If the Heinz stadium is the Yin, the Consol Center is definitely the yang. Yes, there was a brawl between two players in the first quarter, and the crowd went crazy, but it was interesting to see how subdued the audience was in general.  Maybe it was the structure of  the dome, being inside, the curtains closing at the beginning of each quarter; whatever it was, I enjoyed it. And I don't even have to explain my experience with floor seats (which were really comfortable) at the Fleetwood Mac concert. The end.
5	We've been coming to Consol since it opened. I've been here for conferences, concerts, and Pens games. I've say on the floor, in a private box and in the Captain Morgan Club seats. I have never had abad experience or complaint. When we are in the box we almost always have the same server and she is excellent. The box is always clean and so is the bathroom in the box. I've had seats in the Captain Morgan Club where we have a server for the evening and they have always been wonderful.  It's nice that they offer coat check in the club. I really don't believe there is a bad seat in the house. I have never experienced a disgruntled or rude employee or an unclean bathroom. Not many places can say that.  It's a family friendly environment.
