4	Good shave ice with tons of flavors, plus you can add ice cream. They also have smoothies and frozen coffee style drinks too. A bit of confusion was occurring behind the counter. There were about 10 people working and only 2 seemed to know what was going on. Oh well it's new and they need to work out the kinks. The product and store are solid. Customer service has potential to be good once they dial it all in.
3	tried going a few days ago but the place was mobbed.  Opted for a post workout visit figuring few will be there when they open.clean space with an "island / surfer " motif ( big surprise ) They offer smoothies ( price range from $4 to $6)coffees ( didn't notice if cold/blended nor did I check the prices ) the main item - Hawaiian ice ( priced $2.89 to $5.99 )  I went with the regular, 16 ounce, $3.49.  Large listing of flavors, I opted for pineapple and super sour cherry.both flavors worked  for me - more of a fruit taste than sweet taste.  The sour was far from " super" but it worked for me.  The ice was fluffy with only 3 minor " chunks" in the ice - sorry, I ain't an ice specialist so not sure where it rates with the other recent ice places that have opened.  I felt the ice did compete with Snow Ono.Overall, a pleasant experience and i'll return/pic attached
5	This place covers it all, great atmosphere, wonderful customer service, clean, happy employees and lots of fun!The motif is of the islands, from the roof to the floor, even the smell takes you away.The staff hands out snowballs to all the kids that come to visit and encourages them to throw the snowballs at whomever they choose! It's nice to visit a place where there is no pressure, everyone is happy and you can just hang out.
4	Been to BB three times since my initial visit.  One time I was babysitting so I brought along my friends 15 year old daughter.  The next visit was with my daughter and then return a second time with my daughter and her boyfriend tagged along.The service was timely and patient ( even after we tried numerous samples of the various flavors. ) I've kicked my rating up a star given the good service, a large number of sugar free ( and flavorful ) options that made my daughter very happy.  I continue to stick with the cherry ( sour ) and pineapple options though I did try the sour apple on one occasion ( very sour and granny smith taste - very good ) On my third visit I was finally offered a punch card - not sure if the person offering was the manager or the owner but I mentioned this was the first time the card was offered.  She remembered seeing me the prior two visits so she gave me a completed card so I get a free ice my next visit.Doubtful i'll hit this place three times a week but given the heat wave and the fact that I ain't the " starbucks a day " type, who knows !
5	So excited to have Bahama Bucks here!! I am from Arizona like another reviewer and this place is addicting.  Remember, get the cream added.  Sounds weird at first to add cream to an ice concoction, but it is amazing :)
4	Took the family here after a dinner next door to it at Sammy's.  It has a fun vibe inside and the night I was there I met one of the owners and turns out we live in the same neighborhood..  Nice guy and the shaved ice desserts were very tasty.  I could barley finish a small and the large was the size of a big gulp.Good service, nice place.  I'll be back.  Only downside and it is not their fault is parking can tough at dinnertime.
4	The BF and I were with some friends and our friend asks me about what I know about shave ice places. Not wanting to disappoint I went searching around and found this spot. It was a heatwave day and most shave places are outdoor shacks, not indoor sitdown places. I find it funny this place is so Hawaiian feeling but looks to be from Texas. They offer samples which is different from other places. I didn't opt for any since I knew I wanted to get toasted coconut, with some Bahama Rama Mama style which is adding vanilla ice cream and their tropical cream cap on it. The ice texture isn't as fine as Hawaiian Shave Ice, it is not as course as a sno cone, but something inbetween. It actually works well for me it holds the favors well unlike a snow cone, and then doesn't melt as fast as shave ice. I think some chunkies are contributed to the fact they pack the cup. The toasted coconut wasn't strongly toasty so I probably will get something else next time, but a plus is their syrups aren't too sweet at all, not fake tasting and they did not overpour.  Our one friend got grape which I find often just taste like purple sugar but this tasted like grape. Another friend got strawberry and had the tropical cream for a berries and cream taste. The BF got rootbeer float with Bahama Rama Mama. Everyone was very personable and friendly at least. It was mostly younger kids working here. The one fun thing is they made some snoballs and pitch threw it to kids to hit with a board and explode it everywhere which was different and kinda fun.They have board games to play as you enjoy your treat as well. It's a bit hard to find off the main road as you can't see it, but its in the WalMart/Sams Club lot all the way to the back where Chilis and Sammys Woodfire is. Definitely will be back if we're in the area. I really enjoy ice treats, but it's not often I find the right balance of syrup like this place has.
4	Be sure to get your snow BRM style which comes with a scoop of ice cream at the bottom.
5	What a great concept! The assortment of flavors made it hard to decide (and tempting to come back often). I tried the toasted coconut with cream. It was delicious! Then we tried the pickle juice. If you need something to wake up the taste buds, this is it. I was surprised to like even the pickle juice ice. The snowballs are fun and management is quick to sweep up any remainder. The atmosphere is upbeat and inviting. I can't wait to return to try another flavor!
4	I noticed they were building this place awhile ago, so I was pretty stoked to finally check it out!  The triple-digit weather (which is pretty commonplace out here in Vegas) was another reason to get shaved ice.  The fact that it's down the street from my neighborhood...well,  that just gives me an excuse to frequent this place lol!  It seems that shaved ice places are scattered all over the area, but I hadn't actually tried one until I walked into Bahama Buck's.  Needless to say, I don't think I'll be trying those other places because I don't know if they'll stack up lol.  I went here after work with my niece, my sisters, and their boyfriends.  I was surprised that the place wasn't packed given the temperature outside, but there were a couple groups in there - mostly families and young couples.  They have booths and a table inside and a couple tables outside.  The atmosphere was pretty chill (no pun intended).  They have a couple board games you can play while you wait.  The decor in there is very "tropical island", a stark and welcome contrast to the sweltering desert outside lol.The establishment was pretty clean, although there were a few small puddles of water on the tabletop and seats of the booth we sat at - maybe the aftermath of the impromptu snowball fights I heard take place here?!  Wasn't a dealbreaker for me but it might irk some people lol.We sat down and cracked open a menu.  Man, they have a lot of flavors.  Like seriously, A LOT.  I was a little overwhelmed but psyched at all the different possible combinations.  They serve smoothies and coffee here, as well as having sugar-free options.  The guy that took our order was really helpful, giving us samples of flavors we weren't too sure about and also recommending some of his favorite flavors and combinations.  I ended up getting a regular-sized Passion Fruit/Blueberry shaved ice, Bahama Rama Mama (BRM)-style, where they put Tropic Creme on top and vanilla ice cream at the bottom.It wasn't long before they called our orders out.  They were literally ready in less than five minutes.  I don't have previous experience with shaved ice, but whatever I put in my mouth that day was AMAZING!  There was just something about the consistency of the ice that just made it so satisfying.  The flavors stood pretty independent of each other, yet at the same time complimented each other very well.  They didn't blend into some weird purple mush at all.  The ice cream at the bottom was well worth the brain freeze (even if it is just vanilla).  It reminded me of a Creamsicle lol.There is such a variety of flavors here, I wish I could try them all.  Scratch that, I'm going to try them all.  Good service, great atmosphere, and a quest to try all the flavors and combinations that Bahama Buck's has to offer.  That's why I'm coming back here!
4	Shave ice and Vegas are a match made in heaven. After shopping in the area, I suggested to my fella that we get a nice cool treat. The place was pretty packed for Monday evening, so there was a bit of a line, but they seemed to be pretty organized and the wait wasn't too bad. They have an enormous amount of flavor options for shave ice, as well as smoothies and coffee drinks. I'm a fan of all the tart flavors they had and I even saw pickle flavor which I had heard about before, but wasn't brave enough to taste this time. I opted for the pink Sweetarts flavor and my fella ordered The Congo smoothie. I enjoyed the texture and presentation quite a bit. The umbrella was a nice touch. The flavor wasn't as tart as I would have hoped, but it really did taste like a Sweetart. The smoothie was nice as well. A little too much banana flavor for me, but my fella was loving it. The texture of the ice is really nice. It holds the flavor very well and despite the heat, it took forever to melt which is a plus for me since I tend to be a pretty slow eater when it comes to dessert or cold things. They have color-changing spoons that change color when they are cold, which is adorable. I'm definitely keeping it to entertain myself. I know it's a chain, but I love having a shave ice place that is indoors that is conveniently located. I'll be back for sure.
4	Two words... Birthday cake! I'm so hooked on that flavor and only tried one other flavor. I believe it was the Bahama Mama that I got. I got red white and blue and it was delish. I always get them with a scoop of ice cream. This is far better than any of the snow spots around town.
1	Wasn't the best. Coming from Hawaii..they so do not know how to do shave ice right!!! No taste..I mean yay they have ice cream at the bottom, but nothing like OMG wow amazing!  The ice shaving was too fine and kinda felt creamy. And it was too dense. But their spoons were soooo cool!!! It was blue then when you get it cold it turned purple. Saving those!!
4	This place was pretty good. They have a lot of flavors to choose from. The customer service was good. Not much more to say its ice with sugared flavors on top...My only thing was the flavors seemed... fake.. but they all are, obviously. Its hard to describe maybe to sweet... IDK lol theres my review ha!
5	My search for Hawaiian shaved Ice is over! The problem with going to Hawaii is having to leave, but thanks to Bahama Bucks, Im not at a complete loss living on the 9th Island. I cry a little less at night now, and that's a good thing. No, they dont make snow cones. That ice is hard and crunchy. This is shaved ice for those that don't know. its very soft, very cold, and very delicious. Bucks has so many flavors to choose from you can get lost (I do) trying to choose a flavor. The flavors/Syrup they use are all made of real sugar! None of that High fructose junk! Some don't have food coloring either, so just ask if that is an issue. Order a size, pick a syrup or group of syrups, and if your heart desires, have them throw in a scoop of ice cream on the bottom! Iced coffee, and smoothies are available if you want to change it up. My Recommendation? Try the All star. It tastes like apple pie. (How ice can taste like apple pie I don't know...but they make it happen).
4	Greatest thing about this place is that it's indoors. We get shaved ice often now that it's hot and the best thing is being able to order and enjoy while seated in an air conditioned building. Lots of options and flavors. The smoothie I got was really good. My girl liked the color changing spoons so we will be back sooner than later.
4	Bahama Buck's is my new go-to place for shaved ice when I am just too damn lazy to follow a mobile truck around town. It's at the end of the Arroyo Crossing shopping center so it's an easy hop off of the 215. The commercialized signage spells franchise right when you walk in, but when it's 105+ degrees outside and I'm jonesing for a sweet treat, I'm really not about to make a big stink about how Mr. Bahama Buck decided to sell out to society. The place sells other products such as smoothies, coffees, and fruit parfaits, but its big ticket item is still shaved ice, which comes in a few different sizes (free size upgrade with a Yelp check in!) and more than 60 flavors, though employees will tell you it's best to max out around 3-4 flavors. The texture is very smooth and the ice is shaved so finely that it soaks up the flavors like a sponge, although I'd still mix it up with your color-changing spoon closer to the end so you're not left with just snow. It's not at all granulated like the traditional snow cone we grew up with. All of the employees are super friendly and perky - it looks like most of them are high school students working their first jobs ever and "building character and responsibility" AKA learning the value of the dollar but also having no problem throwing snowballs at each other. The service is fast - almost as soon as you sign your credit card receipt and sit down, someone is bringing your order over to your seat at one of the dining tables inside. Don't forget to ask for a punch card so you can be rewarded for what is sure to be multiple visits to this hizzouse.
4	Sundays are family SnoCone day for us & we live in Henderson but make the drive to Rainbow & 215 for the awesomeness they are serving. So many options it almost gives me anxiety. They have SF flavors which is a bonus considering I just had a baby & don't need all that extra sugar. Staff is a bunch of HS kids which is fine because they are always pretty helpful & friendly. The location is always clean & they do a decent job at cleaning up the tables after someone gets up. The line can be pretty long & seems a bit backed up & hectic for no reason. 1 person takes orders has 5 others make the SnoCones. My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is because I notice some product waste. When they make the SnoCone they drip the syrup down the side of the cup making it sticky. I hate sticky lol super annoying. This has happened every time we've gone. Personal preference but you are wasting product by doing that but maybe thats how they are trained.  We enjoy it though & will continue going every Sunday most likely
5	love their shave ice...soooo good...and creamy...especially when you add vanilla ice cream in the bottom :)
5	love the shaved ice and the vast amount of variety you can get. The kids went crazy, in a good way. Couldnt wait to go back and now there is a groupon for it!! SCORE!!! We definitely will be back, especially since we have at least another month of HOT weather and these yummy shaved ice will come in handy.
4	The only reason BB's doesn't get five stars is because sometimes, they take FOREVER to make my Bahama Rama Mama! It shouldn't take more than 5 minutes when there is no line and I've found myself waiting for 10 or 15 minutes...Okay, first of all, if you visit BB's and you don't get your sno-cone "Bahama Rama Mama" style, you're doing it all wrong. ALL wrong. Bahama Rama Mama style means they're putting a scoop of delicious vanilla ice cream on the bottom of the cup, throwing on some sno, covering the sno in the flavors of your choice, and then topping it off with some sweet cream. DELICIOUS and in my opinion, the only way to eat sno-cones. BB's has a huge selection of flavors with some of my favorites being Coconut, Blue Raspberry (regular AND super sour), Creme Brulee, Passion Fruit and Birthday Cake.  If you ask for a sample, they will happily give you a little bit of sno with that flavor in a sample cup, which is awesome!  Don't be afraid to try the sour flavors - they aren't as sour as you think and they really taste great Bahama Rama Mama style! Make sure you get a stamp card when you're checking out - after 10, you get one free! Also, in my opinion, the two smallest sizes are the only way to go when you're getting ice cream on the bottom of your sno-cone.  With the large and avalanche sizes, its too hard to get to the ice cream and by the time you get there, your cone is a slushy mess! :)
1	We tend to go in around closing time on Sundays & tonight it was busy. Every table was taken, we sat outside & at about 9:01 an employee (young girl) asked if we would be needing anything else since they were closing she would be locking the door. Very understandable. Now I don't know what she said to the tables inside but she went up to every table & after she spoke with them every table got up & left. I understand you close at 9 but you can't let them finish their snacks? Very turned off by that customer service. School starts tomorrow so Im guessing the kids wanted to clean up & head home but if that's the case it shouldn't have been staffed that way on an evening like tonight. Such a shame. Plus tonight lacked flavor, also zero friendliness from the staff. After they kicked everyone out they turned on the VMA's with the sound BLARING on the patio. Few mins later it was shut off, not wondering if the boss saw & called to tell them to shut it off. Hopefully this gets addressed. I fell in love with this place but tonight was pretty disappointing. Might need to find a new shaved ice place... Closer to home.
5	I'm newly obsessed with this place. I love the fresh fruit cups with ice cream and the shaved ice was tremendous. They have so many flavors it's unbelievable as well as an extensive sugar free selection which is nice. The shaved ice are huge but super delicious. The prices were very fair and the staff was wonderful. I will for sure become a regular here, it's too good to pass up a frozen treat.
5	If you're ever looking for a quick cool-down dessert then look no further than Bahama Bucks. This place serves up sno covered in every possible flavor under the sun. I GUARANTEE you will find one flavor that you like. I had the white coconut. Kind of wished I added pineapple so I could get a pina colada but maybe I'll save it for next time. Definitely plan out what flavors you want since you can mix and match. The texture of their ice is not quite Taiwanese ribbon snow but not quite the chunky snow cones either. Its just smooth creamy ice. Service was good and there are plenty of seats for you to meet up with friends and chat.
4	BRM...Bahama Rama Mama! Get it, eat it, love it! They put a nice big scoop of ice cream at the bottom of the cup and top it with your choice of SNO. So far I've had a cherry kola and a dreamsicle BRM. Oddly enough, I'm not even a soda drinker...go figure. But hey, they were both super good! I like that they use a lot of flavoring so you're not eating plain 'ole ice halfway through. They have a ton of SNO flavors, my son loves picking from all the crazy stuff like icing and all the different bubblegum ones.Besides the SNO, they have all kinds of other stuff too like frozen drinks and even fruit cups. My wife loves the fruit cups, especially since they offer it with toppings and other extras. She get it's with dark chocolate syrup and her exact words are..."the best fruit cup I've ever had". This place is way on the other side of town for me but I've been twice already and would definitely go again! I think they are a little on the expensive side when it comes down to just plain SNO pricing but they have a good variety, tasty treats and a friendly staff!
4	This place is pretty awesome. When people ask me what it is, I tell them it's like snow cones on crack. Without the crack of course. They also have other drinks and smoothies. I would give it a 5 but some of the flavors don't taste like what they say they are. Example, passion fruit and mango do not taste like they should in my opinion. Maybe they mixed with the other flavors and didn't taste how they should. But you should definitely get it Bahama Rama Mama style. They add cream on top and a scoop of vanilla ice cream in the bottom.
2	I was literally jumping with joy when Bahama Buck's opened on my side of town. I wandered in soon after they opened and I got super duper excited to see their "Thin Ice" sugar free menu! The number of choices of sugar free flavors for diabetics or low carb eaters was one of the most extensive I have ever seen. Unfortunately, the sugar free flavors are TERRIBLE. I have tried six different ones and they are so bad that I'm not ever going back to this place. It makes me super sad because I try to support businesses that cater to my lifestyle but c'mon, the food has to actually taste good! I would chalk it up to me just choosing the wrong sugar free flavors but I've tried half a dozen different ones and all were bad (with the sugar free coconut being the absolute worst of them all). The employees are friendly enough but they aren't that great at making shaved ice. On several different visits, I've had lots of hard clumps and chunks of ice in my serving. It's not light and fluffy like at other shaved ice carts around town. The tables are always really gross and super sticky too. It's not a very clean place. This review is solely for the sugar free flavors as I have not tried the regular syrups. Maybe they taste better. But as a place that prides itself as being THE place to go for shaved ice, Bahama Bucks needs to do better. A lot better.
5	Groupon scores again! Bought this groupon after other positive reviews.  It definitely is a hit! The staff is friendly, answers questions, is patient and very accomodating.  The little one really wanted a pink umbrella and he got that request laughing.  Her banana was good, Tom got the strawberry and banana and I got the mango and pina colada.  We all liked our flavors though we all got way too big sizes due to the groupon. Mine was packed with lots of flavor and not overly sweet.  The biggest hit was the spoons that change color in the icee and the umbrellas, many different colors.  They even have no carb, no sugar options in many flavors that we can try next time! They have sour flavors and other things too like smoothies but its a nice change from fro yo once in awhile and its in a great shopping center with many restaurants that you can go to before dessert!
5	Fat free & Carbless options!If you want a nice cool icy goodie and eat it with spoons that change color, then Bahama Buck's is the place for you.  We took advantage of a Groupon for Bahama Bucks.  I have had a few iced desserts here in the past few months: Snowflake, Fluff Ice and now Bahama Bucks (okay 3 iced desserts).  And, I would say that Bahama Buck's is my favorite out of the 3.  The service was great and friendly.  They brought our desserts to our table with cool little umbrellas and spoons that change color.  So, I would definitely go back.  An easy 5 stars!
5	Shaved ice with ice cream and condensed milk...what a dream come true!  With many flavors to choose from, it's easy to get overwhelmed but whatever you choose, I'm sure you'll be satisfied.  You can always ask for samples if you're unsure.  Aside from shaved ice, they also serve Hawaii's Kona coffee which you can get hot, iced, or blended with your choice of flavored syrup.  Their menu also includes fruit cups and smoothies.  Bahama Buck's is located between Sammy's Woodfired Pizza and Jason's Deli in the Arroyo Market Square shopping center.  Parking is fairly easy.  Staff is friendly.  Atmosphere has a tropical/surfer theme.  Merchandise with their logo is sold in their stores.  For entertainment, they have board games that you can enjoy with family and/or friends.
4	Great Hawaiian style shaved ice.  Interior and atmosphere are also great.  The flavors are delicious and the shaved ice is so fine.  You have to try the the ice cream scoop in the bottom of your order.  From what I understand, its the BRM (Bahama Rama Mama) style.  They put a scoop of Blue Bell vanilla ice cream with any flavor of shaved ice on top.     Each time we have been here, the experience has been good.  The only problem is they dont call your name or use a number to pick-up what you ordered.  Its hard when they get busy to know whos order is whos!
4	Been wanting to try this shaved ice place for a while and finally pulled the trigger and made the drive down. When we walked in, we were overwhelmed by the super huge menu of flavors and tried to decide what flavors of sno we wanted. Because we didn't want to hold up the line, we quickly settled on 3 flavors: dreamsicle, passion fruit and strawberry margarita, which were all very tasty although the dreamsicle one was a lot sweeter tasting than the other 2. My favorite out of the 3 flavors was passion fruit. The ice was nice and fluffy and not overly crunchy or rough like other sno cones I've had in the past.Size portions are pretty large and the regular size was too big for me to even finish...major brain freeze! Next time I'll probably opt for a smaller size. The spoons also change colors when cold, which kept us entertained for a while.They had a nice selection of board games to keep yourself occupied while you enjoy your treats, which was nice. This would be a nice place to chill (get it?) during the summer, if only it wasn't so far from my house. I could find myself making the drive down here for some sno though if it were still warm out
5	NEW. FAVE. PLACE.Can I just start by talking about their spoon? Yes, their spoon. It's purple when it's cold but green when it's warm. So, touching the shaved ice makes the spoon purple then you put it in your mouth & the warmth makes it green. Yes, I am easily amused. Haha!Anyway, on to the shaved ice. I LOVE IT! Hailing from Hawaii, I'm often judgmental when it comes to shaved ice and Bahama Buck's is definitely LEGIT. I always order the Bahama Rama Mama, which is melt-in-your-mouth super shaved ice (up to 3 flavors) on top of the creamiest, most delectable ice cream.I've tried the most random flavor combos from my order, my mom's and my boyfriend's and they were all delicious. The flavors range from Strawberry Daquiri, Banana, Mango, Passion Fruit to Eggnog, Rootbeer, Mocha Java. The flavors are so distinct and sweet. I can't imagine having a bad combo. They have friendly workers too! Don't forget to ask for a punch card. They also give you bonus punches if temp outside reaches below 60 degrees. Last time I came, I only had 2 punches but since  it was cold outside, he punched all the slots on my card & now I get to have a free one! WOOOHOOO!While you enjoy your shaved ice, you can play some board games too. :) Cool right? Definitely one of my fave places to hang out.
5	I know shaved ice places have been popping up everywhere in the past year, but if you enjoy them, I highly recommend giving this place a shot. It has an awesome beach shack theme.Over 50 original syrup flavors, smoothie selections, mochas and frozen blends and even an option of adding ice cream to your shaved ice. A "baby" size is only $2.89 and I'm telling you, that is enough to get over a sugar craving. Serving size is great! Free size upgrade with yelp or Facebook check in! Booo yeah! :DPS- I've walked through a literal snowball fight in this place. Flying snowballs are real
5	Went here cause my neighborhoods shaved ice is closed for the season. I was pleasantly surprised! They have tons of flavors and it was SO yummy!! If you're in the area and are craving something sweet but not too heavy I highly recommend you check this place out! I got sugar cookie with ice cream!! Double YUM!!
5	New Favorite Place!  We tried a few things our first visit:Baby Snow Cone w/ Cinnamon.  Tasted like a Hot Tamale Candy or Big Red Gum.  The flavor was spot on but not my favorite. (My boyfriend ordered it) Cocomel: Coconut Caramel Latte. Delicious!  You can have it hot, iced, or blended.  I chose the iced and will get the bigger one next time. 5/5  It made me feel like I was laying by a pool in Maui.  Hot Frost: Hot Vanilla White Chocolate $2.65 ---so good! 5/5  Sugar Cookie is the best flavor.  The Kiwi flavor is also very good.You can purchase Sno2Throw for a snowball fight OR you can throw them at the Avalanche Crew.  Yes, you can throw snowballs at them.  I didn't believe it so I asked if people actually do it.  They said a group of teenagers used to come in all the time and purchase a few dozen snowballs to throw at them.  What!...Who knew?!? Bahama Buck's powdery-soft spheres of snow come in Avalanche packs of 24 or 60 in their own thermal "super cooler." Don't forget to check out the punch card info.  They offer extra punches depending on the temperature outside.
5	Best shaved ice I had. This is better than Hawaii shaved ice since I'd had Hawaii shaved ice plenty of times. Bahama Bucks ice is smoother and lighter. I love coming to this place when I'm in town. This is a must try especially in the summer in Las Vegas. My favorite is wedding cake and cotton candy! Make sure you get a stamp card as well. Add ice cream to your shaved ice because it's sooo good! You gotta try this place!
5	Love Bahama bucks!  I've been going to Bahama bucks for a long time down in Mesa Arizona and I was beyond thrilled when one came to Vegas. It's the softest most tastiest shaved ice you'll ever have. The flavors are great and don't forget to add cream!  My favorite flavor is cherry colada side by side white coconut with cream!  Get some!  You won't be disappointed!
5	First time having Hawaiian shaved-ice and I'm in love!They have so many flavors to choose from it's kind of overwhelming. My friend suggested the coconut cream pie with ice cream at the bottom. We used the yelp check-in special and ordered a Regular but only paid for the Baby size :) They were pretty fast with the order. It came garnished with a cute little umbrella and color-changing spoons. The coconut cream was just wow, SO GOOD. And normally I don't like coconut but I'm slowly converting. There are also some board games such as connect four, battleship, chutes and latters, UNO etc. We ended up staying for quite a while because of our epic game of UNO and even ordered another coconut cream pie! This is a great hangout spot. Nice staff and tons of combinations of shaved ice to choose from. I also heard that you can buy a bag of snow from them and have snowball fights :o
4	I have been taking the scenic route home a lot recently, hitting up Best Buy and some of the other retailers in the vicinity before making a final pit stop to Bahama Buck's.  During weekday lunch period, the parking spaces closest to Bahama Buck's are very hard to find unoccupied.  But if you are worried about long lines and the associated wait time for getting your shaved ice on, do not worry your pretty/handsome faces.  The occupants of those vehicles all appear to be at the sandwich or the other fast casual dining operations adjacent to this destination.Even if you have to wait briefly to place an order or for the order to be made fresh, there are two Bahama Buck's TV playing GoPro and Monsters footage of people doing amazing adventurous stuff that most of us may never get around to attempting in our existence here.  My eyes are usually so glued to the TVs that my order of the umbrella topped shaved ice, soaked of food coloring packed flavor syrups, is ready for the hand off before I think I should get impatient.Their shaved ice is pretty fine, not like "snowflake" powdery fine, but definitely not the chunky small crushed ice I have had at the state fair in my teen years.I like tart/sour flavors, so that segment of their menu is the only category of flavors I have personal encounters with.  Is it really all that tart? Not in my opinion, but it is still a refreshing treat when the temperature goes back up.  I do however warn against getting the Blue Raspberry flavor, the taste is fine, but what comes out at the end has an interesting and shocking color effect.Besides shaved ice, they have smoothies and even coffee drinks.  I have seen others order the smoothies,but I have not been there frequently enough to be present when coffee based items are ordered.If you plan to frequent this business, be sure to get a stamped (punch) card.  When the weather is really cold, you could earn 2x, 3x and even 4x  "polar punches" starting when the temperature dips under 50, 40 and 30 degrees, respectively.  Bonus:  Color changing spoons are amusing for the kids. Come here enough times and you can build up your own collection of miniature umbrellas for your next paradise themed cocktail party staycation.  Until then enjoy the nice weather we are currently having.Review #11 of 2014
4	Most of the workers here are still in high school, and while service is always fast, I sometimes come across cranky cashiers (lol). Their small sized shaved ice is more than enough for my boyfriend and I to share. What I like to do is order a baby-size, then use my Yelp check-in offer to upsize it to a small. Saves me a dollar or so every time. They are very generous with their syrup ;) It's one of my favorite spots, especially now that summer is coming up!
2	bah should have known better than going to a chain place. they have a lot of flavors and what not but didn't like it. i did a taste test comparing them the local shave shack and shave shack is so much better. Also it apparently comes standard with creme. The ice consistancy is weird when they add the syrup. Also I asked for light syrup and it was NOT light at all. it was like drenched. i barely ate it. I got pickle juice, root beer, and watermelon. was not impressed at all. yelp does you a free upgrade if you check in though
5	Yummy! Thin ices are great. Right next door so I go there a lot. Only drawbacks - Wish they had more thin ice flavors, and they are sometimes understaffed to handle the amount of customers in line.
5	Been here a couple times now and the service crew has been excellent both times. The product is great & sooooo many flavors to choose from it's hard to choose what to get. Love  it & love that there are games to play too.
4	Great desserts here... A lot of flavor so be careful when experimenting. Not a fan of eating here though because there can be unattended children messing up the games the place has for patrons. Expect a rush of teenagers Between 130-230pm.
4	Totally one of our new fave places.  So much variety and really delicious.  Definitely a great place to live close to during a Vegas Summer.  They did seem a little understaffed, with a bit of a wait in line, but the two employees were cheerful & happy through a small "rush," and were really pleasant to interact with.  My toddler had a blast with the hula hoops they have on hand in store (along with board games).  They've definitely earned us as regulars.  My husband had a regular sno cone with mango & pineapple, I had a pineapple sno with ice cream, my daughter had a grape sno, our cousin had a strawberry banana sno, and my mom had a Coke sno with ice cream.  We'll all definitely be back!  We all got baby sizes, except the Coke because they had a coupon on hand for a free size upgrade, but the serving was plenty (despite my having a sweet tooth-I could have happily eaten everyone else's besides my own!).  Super happy to have found this place.
5	I love this place. There's such a variety on their menu and you definitely get your money's worth. This is really best place to go hang out on a hot day with good friends. Great chill spot!Another thing I found interesting was their cute little spoons. They change color when they're cold and when they're hot lol. It was cute.But the quality of their shaved ice is just great and the taste is beyond amazing. Would definitely recommend to anyone!
4	I really love this place! All the drinks I've ordered have been great! However, my husband and I came one evening and instantly noticed how HOT it was inside. On a Vegas summer evening it was more comfortable outside than it was inside. All the workers had sweat rolling down their faces as they prepared the drinks, while still managing to have a smile on their faces. TO THE OWNER: TURN ON YOUR AC. IT'S SUMMER IN LAS VEGAS.
4	Love this place!!! Their shaved ice is really smooth and creamy. Perfect texture. Better than other shaved ice places where they have hard ice. They have so many flavors, good enough for everyone's favorites! I like banana, cherry, and lime together. I get it with the bahama mama rama. A scoop of vanilla ice cream on the bottom and creme on the top! Super yummy. Sometimes it could be too syrup-y. They have a bunch of other things I have yet to try. This place is poppin at night. They have outdoor seating and play music really loud.
5	This place is absolutely awesome! They have games for the kids to play, you can watch them make the snow cone or whatever you ordered! They have several of selections to choose from! My kids and family love coming here!! I'm excited to try new items but right now the shaved ice is addicting!!! You can even order ahead for a party to make your own at home!! Defiantly a place to try!!!!
5	I'm so addicted to this place. I had it first in Texas where this company is very big and I have been a fan ever since. So when I found out that it FINALLY came to Vegas I was overly excited!!!! I always get the pink lemonade. They also have a loyalty card and on the 10th purchase it's free, LOVE IT!!!!!!I will not eat shaved ice unless it's Bahama Bucks
5	Greeted by friendly staff members. Ice is very fine. Variety of flavors & sizes. They also offer smoothies, coffee, fresh fruits & frequent purchase cards. The best shave ice in Las Vegas!
3	I have found a qualm with Bahama Buck's.  Apparently you can't use your punch card on the same visit, ie, I had 9 filled & needed one more to earn a free sno. I bought my daughter a sno which filled my card and was informed I could redeem my free sno on my next visit. The smallest size is $2.90 & the largest is 6.19. We order a variety of sizes so we're spending a good chunk of change for flavored ice, by the time you buy 10. I still enjoy the product, so its not a "deal breaker," but it is disappointing. I probably won't come as often.Its possible other businesses use their punch cards this way, but I have never experienced it, and its a bummer.
4	Mmmmm coconut kulana yummy
4	The place is great, nice flavors, staff is not helpful but if u now what u want is really good
4	This place is too cute.  The only reason I didn't give five stars is because as my first time there the staff was not too helpful.  The list of flavors is overwhelming.  It would be nice if they had some sno cone options that were already pre made so you don't have to decide what goes well together.  Ex.  The flavor of the day.  But the good points are.... It was the best snow cone I ever had!  The flavor never left the ice and the ice was so soft and slushy!!  I don't know what kind of machine they use to make the ice but it makes the perfect sno cone.  The decor is so cute and tropic.  And I love the little added touches like the umbrella in my drink and the color changing spoon!   Little details like that go a long way.   :-)
5	First things first-- check in and up-size! Tons of choices in flavors!Seasonal options too!!Love the mango Bahama Rama mama with chili powder!!! The sweet and spicy is just perfection!!  It has a scoop of ice cream topped with shaved ice and flavoring striped with tropic creme!! Delicious!!!Fantastic treat for LV heat!
5	Amazing! Great family place! Great prices and the shaved ice is to die for! If u are in Vegas and want a yummy desert this is the place to go! The cream soda is my fav. Also the spoons change colors as u eat.. My kids loved that!
4	I like their shaved ice and so does my daughter.  But only one person working when you open and you wait another 5 min at least until you get you order.  Kind if makes you reluctant to go back if you're behind 10 people and only one behind the counter.  It's summer!  Why wouldn't this place be busy at noon.good product but questionable on customer service . Thanks
3	I had been going to Bahama Buck's weekly for about 2 - 3 months, I really enjoyed it and it was one of our first stops when we had out of town guest. But lately I have been quite underwhelmed. I'm really not found of the smell while at the location. It smells like sewer which prompted my 5 year old nephew to yell "it smells like POOP" really loud when we first walked in. The smell is super unappetizing and is the main reason I have stopped going.About half of the times i've gone I received mediocre service, while the other half I had rude service. Once I realized that my order was wrong on my receipt so I took it up to the counter and just confirmed that I wanted certain flavors other than the ones that were rang up. The young man told me with attitude that the order would be right and that he had just pressed the wrong buttons. When I picked up my order , it was indeed wrong. So I told him and he fixed it ... after he took the time to roll his eyes at me. I feel like every time I go the product tastes different. Sometimes the shaved ice comes with way to much syrup. I refer to this as Bahama Barfs. When Bahama Bucks is done right it is super yummy. The ice is so light and oddly fluffy. They have so many flavors and you are able to mix it with ice cream. It really is a nice summer treat. So I would have given it more stars for the product quality but it's so inconsistent that I never know what I am going to end up getting. Helpful Hint, Check your cup for sticky syrup. I've had sticky cups way to much.PS The color changing spoons are awesome!
5	Love this place good shave ice with tons of great flavors snickerdoodle, blueberry cheesecake the list goes on you can add blue bell ice cream for an additional cost make sure you check in for a free upgrade in size
2	Let me start out by saying I love this location. The atmosphere, large selection of favors, and blue bell ice cream are awesome. I have eat snow here over a Dozen times. With that said, the service and quality are going downhill. One of the problems is an employee named Kelsey. She upgrades my drink to include a cream topping i never ask for. She charges for a baby serving of non flavored ice for my one year old. This item is free with any other employee taking my order. She usually shorts me on reward punches as well. My drink has been completely forgotten about on 3 occasions with no apology.  I have also noticed that when Kelsey works my "snow" is never flavored all the way through. Just plain disappointed at this point.
5	Best shaved ice I have ever had great place, great price and great ice!! The place isn't very busy which is nice cause that means no wait and no rush to eat it. It's nice to sit and enjoy with the family in peace and quiet. I will be returning.
5	Good snow cones and a great place to sit and have a snow cone.  Very proffesional and ckean. I have been to a few great places and honestly they all taste similar but the cleanliness and environment here makes it a winner.
5	I think by far this is the best shaved ice place ever! I have tried many shaved ice places around but their ice is so thick and clumpy! Here you get shaved ice similar to snow!! Love it!
1	Great employee and shaved ice but shitty ass conditions  and atmosphere. Why would they have the temp at 83 degrees on a warm day?! Then i asked if the temp can be turned down but he pointed to it and its locked so employees cant touch it. Absolutely  hideous
4	Being from Hawaii, I have high expectations for shave ice. I am really glad I found this place! It's almost comparable to Hawaii's shave ice plus they have over 70 flavors to choose from. With all the different flavors, it's really overwhelming to decide which one to get. The workers there are nice and will let you sample the flavors you want. I love their fruity flavors like melon and raspberry! Also being from Hawaii, what's shave ice without some condensed milk? Bahama Buck's has something similar to condensed milk and it tastes the same. I recommend this place to anyone who wants good quality shave ice.
5	Awesome most try the bahama Rama mama!! Clean and staff are very friendly. They actually sell snowballs which will be fun for Christmas time. Birthday cake flavor is off the hook
2	The hours are horrible, Monday thru Friday not open til 1pm... Hire more ppl so your business can make some $. I travel almost 40 mins away to have this place n they keep changing hours of opening.... Its freakn annoying
4	It was my first time here, and I loved what the guy at the front suggested me- tigers blood.
4	Having been to Bahama Buck's a number of times since my initial review and they have maintained their good service and product.They offer many coupons and discounts l, so make sure you look around online before heading there as you're bound to find a deal.
4	LOVE THE PRODUCT. Butttttttttt I just went there at 7:50 pm on a Thursday night and they were closed?? I thought they were opened until 9pm?
