4	For Native Charlotteans and those who have been in Charlotte long enough to remember The Fish Market across from Southpark, the owner of Bentley's used to work there. In any case, Bentley's on 27 offers a wonderful dining experience with a great view. We started with the Oysters Bentley (yum) and Tuna carpiccio. We had stuffed shrimp and halibut dishes for our entree. Both of which were beautifully executed! Our wine selection was Far Niente (an excellent wine for those who don't care for overly buttery/ too-heavily-oaked Chardonnay). Instead of dessert, we opted to have Port and Cognac after dinner... ahh... the good life! However, as we were there for a birthday celebration, we did end up njoying a birthday sweet after all! Throughout the evening, our server was very attentive, entertaining, and was a true professional - which sadly, in this day & age is no longer a given (even at this level of restaurant). Since this place is a splurger, we haven't been back yet, but will certainly go again for another special occasion!
4	food was pretty good here although the menu could use some updating.  bentley's seems to be stuck in the 80s with their lobster tropicana and crepe suzette.  perhaps rumaki was once an amuse bouche ;)had the beef carpaccio and the miro, a meaty pacific fish, similar to sea bass.  both were excellent.we were not offered a wine list until requested which was odd.  my colleague and i were both women so not sure if this was an oversight or commentary on our ability to fend for ourselves in the south.
5	Went on a Wednesday night, there were more people than I expected.  I'll start off with my one complaint.  There is no valet parking during the week.  This means you have to park in a parking garage and walk over to the building which isn't a great "mood setter" to start.  After that, getting off the elevator on 27, it's very easy to find.  Was greeted by two hostesses and promptly taken to the table.  I was worried we wouldn't be able to get a window seat, but that wasn't a problem.  The view was wonderful even for a city the size of Charlotte.Appetizer consisted of Filet, Shrimp and Tuna.  All excellent!  I ordered the Bourbon Filet, but must say I was out ordered by the grouper!  The grouper was magnificent.  Had a nice bottle of Pinot Noir after a very tasty dirty martini.Overall, very nice experience.  I'd highly recommend.
4	Exactly what you get for a high end restaurant -- good food, great atmosphere, and superb customer service. The amazing view and pianist were just the cherry on top of the sundae. I think that explains it well enough.
4	This places is elegant and the view is amazing. The lunch crowd must be in from 12 -1pm beacuse at 1:15 it was nearly empty. The professional staff are very polite and attentive.Art cases are filled with blown glass vases from the owners personal collection.The music was slightly random roaring 20's, Swing, Jazz and easy listening. The food was great while being a bit overpriced.  I had the Chicken Paillard featuring Ashley Farms chicken breast with goat cheese risotto. Veggies were a great medley of grape tomatos, artichokes, zucchini, carrots and butternut squash. Crisp textures with creamy risotto and tender chicken, awesome! It is still not socially acceptable to lick your plate, but if you do, those who eat here would understand.
2	Great view. (insert sounds of crickets chirping here) But that's about it. Bentley's really didn't impress me the other night. When we got there- the hostess asked us to take a seat in the bar as our table wasn't ready. Okay. So we sit in the stylish bar in front of the fireplace and a woman comes over to take our drink order. At that point the hostess came and got us for the table and the server basically never got us our drinks. In most fine dining restaurants- once the drink order is taken, it doesn't matter if you drink them in the bar or the restaurant; they take them to where you are. But not the case here. So we never got that first drink. That was the first service mis step of the night. The rest of the service errors were due to the server who we had (or didn't have, as the case may be, as this guy was missing in action for most of our VERY long dinner). We were celebrating a birthday and had asked for a window table for this occasion. We were seated in the perfect table- right on the edge of the window looking out over downtown Charlotte. This was off to be a great night. Or so I thought. Our server came over with a couple of bottles of champagne to tempt us but we were in the wine and cocktail mood so we passed on the champagne. Maybe that was our mistake as this guy didn't come back to our table to get our drink order for at least 15 minutes. No drinks. No bread refresh. No fresh ground pepper (other tables had it) No service. Where is all this "southern hospitality" that my friends down here talk to me about? Not at Bentley's on this Thursday night, that's for sure. We placed our order. Too bad for me that they didn't have Grouper on this night although it was printed on the menu (my fav) but had instead substituted Mahi Mahi in for it. No thanks. I went with surf and turf with a filet and crab along with a salad to start. My friend ordered escargot to start and this same server tried to talk him out of it saying it would take 20 minutes to prepare. " Hey!", thought I. "The man wants snails . . .give him snails!" Don't try to talk him out of it. So the rest of our appetizers came up with the snails and were quite good. There might have been a pacing problem in the kitchen as our entrees then took forever to come out. And when they did, other than the sides coming out piece meal, the food was pretty good- although there was gravy over my filet when I had ordered it with Bearnaise sauce. Also-there were only 2 melted butters brought out to the table- when clearly 3 of us were having lobster or crab. At this point- our dinner was going on the 2.5 hour point and we were meeting others and had to go. However- we knew there was a special birthday dessert coming out but again . . .it was taking forever. When it finally came out, we had a forkful and then practically ran out of the door. Dinner for 4 ran about $400 which would have been reasonable for a fine dining restaurant, had we gotten a fine dining experience. An off night? I don't know. This server really blew it. And at that price? I am sure there are better choices in Charlotte.
4	In a nutshell, the view was spectacular! I was impressed at 1:00 p.m., so I can only imagine how amazed I would be at 8:00 p.m. And, the food was a splendid compliment to the atmosphere! I lunched here recently for business with my recruiter and had a marvelous dining experience! He and I shared our love for oysters over the Rockefeller. So delish were they that we were falling all over ourselves to offer the other the last one. I insisted he have it out of sheer politeness, and the fact that he was picking up the tab. Likewise, I endeavor to stay in his good graces... he is after all keeping my resume in the forefront of his mind for gainful, high-paying employment to keep me eating and Yelp-ing! With oysters devoured, and without further niceties, we both ordered the salmon Oscar, which was the day's lunch special. When it arrived looking all scrumptious and stuff... OMG, I could hardly contain myself. It's presentation was a feast for the eyes, and the type of entree you knew was going to bring about a feeding frenzy for the palate, just from the mere sight of it. And, indeed, it did not disappoint! The salmon was moist with the perfect doneness, not overcooked or dry. It was topped with a generous amount grilled asparagus spears, crab cake (yes, crab cake, not lump crab meat) and buerre blanc sauce. Of course, I ordered extra buerre blanc on the side, just 'cause I'm saucy like that! LOL! It was accompanied by a well prepared vegetable risotto, laced with cheesy creaminess, roasted zucchini, yellow squash, and red pepper... somebody pass the tip jar for that risotto alone! The wait staff service (there were a few) was very attentive and accommodating, although the female taking our order did not have the greatest personality. Nevertheless, napkins were folded, crumbs were whisked from the tablecloth, and beverage glasses were kept full at all times. No dessert pairings this time around, as the remaining time was spent talking business. If our meal was an indicator, then we are off to a good start to add Bentley's to the list of upscale restaurants to which I have grown accustomed!  Loves it!
5	One of the most upscale and elegant restaurants in Charlotte. The view of the city is remarkable, especially at night and the food is incredible. You get what you pay for because you pay but it is well worth it.
2	We just left Bentley's for V Day. They had a preset menu for this evening which was 150 dollars per couple. We also ordered wine which made it over 200. Our view was great and the jazz music was nice. However, the head waiter left a lot to be desired. The assistant waiter should have been the head waiter because he knew how to conduct himself the way a waiter in a restaurant of this caliber should. It took us half a hour to have our order taken. Our appetizers arrived half a hour later and our meal arrived a hour later. The assitant waiter was the only one who asked us how our meal was. The hostess and the assistant waiter were the only ones who made us feel welcomed. The head waiter acted as if he was doing us a favor to acknowledge us. We spoke to the owner as we were leaving about the situation. He really acted as though he could care less.
4	One undeniable fact about Bentley's is of course, the the grand view and ambiance. If you get seated next to the window (and please ask for a window seat), you won' t be disappointed. They will seat next to each other to be romanced by Uptown's mesmorizing skyline. When we get to the food and service though, slightly unimpressive.The Valentines day experience had the prefix dinner and a classy lounge band singing some classic slow dance tunes that all age groups would appreciate. When we get down to food and service, I can't really say I was courted ever so eloquently. While the food and service was A-okay, truth be told, they really aren't up to par in comparison to the prime real estate.
5	Wow! Bentley's was spot on tonight! This was my second visit and this time I was really impressed. We took family for a special occasion dinner and were really hoping the service and food would be as good as the view. Everything was perfect! They knew we were expecting a table with a view and they delivered. The service was amazing and the food the same. We each had something different and all four dishes were prepared perfectly.  We will be back!
5	This review is based on one visit back in 2007 for an anniversary celebration.  I must say that my experience exceeded excellence in all areas.  To begin with the restaurant is beautiful with a great view.  We sat by the top to bottom window overlooking uptown.The food was superb.  We had an appetizer which included bacon wrapped filets, perfectly seasoned and cooked calamari and lobster cakes.  All of which were great.  My husband had the ribeye and i had a perfectly cooked shrimp dish.  For dessert we had banana's foster which was as fun to watch as it was on our taste buds.  All paired with a bottle of pinot noir.  The service was top notch. On one occasion I asked one of the servers where the restroom was and he escorted me to the ladies room.  When I walked out of the restroom, and to my surprise, there was the server waiting to escort me back to my table.  It doesn't get any better than that.  We got the royal treatment and Bentley's made our special night a memorable one.
5	OUTSTANDING restaraunt for special occasions or special events.  The owner and staff far exceeded my expectations.  GREAT food, GREAT view, very romantic.  I highly recommend!
5	The food was absolutely delicious and the staff was as nice as can be.
4	Went here on date-night, and the place was oh so romantic. I give the food 3-stars, but the ambiance deserves a star all on its own. What can I say, I like my food messy and ethnic. Bentley's food is pretty and rich. We ordered the crabcake for appetizers, I ordered the Taste of Hawaii, which was fresh sea bass that night, and my man ordered a steak. The presentation was lovely, and the service was superb. Think Anthony Hopkins in Remains of the Day. We had the best view in the house in my opinion, facing the city skyline. We got there at 8 p.m. and by the middle of our dinner, we saw the sun set.
4	This place is very expensive for dinner, but the lunches are very reasonable.  I used to come here for lunch - an extra $3 gets you a lot more than what a sandwich somewhere else will get you.
4	Was just here for a wedding, and oh my, was it fun!  What a cool spot for an event!  The food was really great (those shrimp... were HUGE!).  Dinner was heavy hors d'oeurves with a carving station and luckily, we chose a spot right by the shrimp/brie/delicious table.  The view... SPECTACULAR!  And the decor meshed really well with what my friend chose for her theme (although, she IS a wedding planner, so maybe that was on purpose :P)The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that there was that the waiters kept walking in between our conversation (although, we may have been standing in not such a good spot, but whatever.)  And the dance floor was a little tiny.  Otherwise, though, SPECTACULAR....and way out of my price range, normally, so don't expect an updated review until I win the lottery.
5	So Bentley's does hold a special place in my heart, but nevertheless the food and staff are amazing!  My husband and I had our wedding reception there in September, and our guests are STILL raving about how amazing the service and food were.  We had a seated dinner with a choice of filet, chicken, or halibut--all of which were rated "SO GOOD!" by our guests.  The staff was so attentive that wine glasses were never empty.  The only complaint I heard was that the Bentley's martini ran out shortly into cocktail hour.  We should have ordered a larger batch!You don't need to go to a wedding at Bentley's to enjoy it though.  I've been there several times, and the food and service have always been amazing!  The Bentley's ribeye is very yummy--especially with the jumbo asparagus and bacon cheddar mashed potatoes on the side!  The Chateaubriand, filet, king crab legs...all to die for!  This is definitely not an every day type of place because of the price (not unreasonable for the quality), but it's a wonderful location for a special date night or nice dinner.  Or if you're considering having a party or wedding reception there, I'd definitely recommend it!
4	Recently had V-Day dinner here and this was actually my second visit.  I'm am always amazed at the view obviously but this time the food really stole the show.  With a table side service and presentation it really set the mood and was absolutely fantastic.  I wish I could remember how to spell the dish but basically it was a sirloin meat and it too was great.  Tempature was perfect and tenderness was amazing.  The service here is always superb and they really treat you like you are the only ones in the room.  The only thing bringing this review down to the 4 star level from a 5 is the fact I think the decor could use a bit of sprucing given the level of food and pricing.  I kind of expected more.
5	Worth EVERY penny!  This is my favorite super-fancy place to eat in Charlotte.  Inside the Charlotte Plaza Building (some call it Darth Vader building!) located on the 27th floor.  They offer services I will never be rich enough to partake in - like keeping a wine locker for you stocked!  The boyfriend took me here for Valentines Day and I had only previously been for lunch or drinks - which were fantastic.  The view is stunning.  I remember the lunch portions being HUGE and delicious.For dinner tho we started with the Oysters Bentley.  At $14 bucks they were worth it I have to say.  Fresh ingredients made this boring dish extraordinary.  What is the difference between this dish and Stuffies?  It is the same thing except Oysters Bentley sounds so much sexier.  Same idea - oysters removed from the shell and mixed with spinach and stuffing and put back in the shell for presentation.  Excellent.  I was really full at this point but we carried on to dinner.The tableside Chateaubriand Bouquetiere is a huge steak seared at your table.  Yay fire!  So fun.  Served with veggies and Potato Dauphinoise (Picture a neat bundle of scalloped potatoes).  We obviously could not even get close to finishing our meal because it was so much food.  Probably 4 people could eat this.  It was never ending.  The only thing I think was not worth it was the Grown Up Macaroni.  Touted as lobster and truffles and three cheeses it sounds like it will be the best part of the meal.  If they changed the noodle and added more sauce it may have been a little bit better.  The lobster was fine, the truffle sauce was delish.  Just the whole thing together was a bit boring - especially if you have ever had the Lobster Mac and Cheese at Capital Grill.  Not even close.Stunning experience - wine, service, food.  I need to increase the max purchase amount on my credit card to eat here again.  Let's just say it is a once-a-year splurge and the rest of the year just give me a beer and let me look out the window.
2	The blinds are down and you cannot even see the city aka parking lots. It is high up but the owner will not allow the blinds to be raised therefore you have to view the city between 2 inch slots. Has such great potential!  Windows are tall, drinks are good, food is yummy. They are hiding the beautiful city skyline with the blinds.  OPEN THE BLINDS Just check it out for yourself
5	Wonderful experience for lunch. Classy and friendly wait staff. The open face ribeye sandwich was perfection on a plate. Buttery garlic toast topped with arugula and tomato, well seasoned ribeye and melted cheese.  The Parmesan herb fries were the perfect compliment to the dish.
5	Surprised my parents for their anniversary. Bentley's did it right. From the maitre d to the managers and sever, these people do it right. From beginning to end. Appetizers, entrees and dessert... WOW! The view from the restaurant is more than enough to keep you coming back. You definitely pay for what you get. Do yourself a favor, save your pennies and go to bentley's even if it is for a drink and dessert.
2	I had reserved at Bentlye's 3 weeks ago for dinner on October 20th and even said that the reservation was for a birthday.....My first choice was BLT and when I tried to reserve there they right away informed me they had a private event and cannot guarantee us seatsBentlye's said nothing when I reserved.I show up for dinner and i see that they have a private event...they take us to sit in a stodgy room on the right of the reception . They were asking us to sit by the wall in a booth instead if by the windows. I said i would wait for a window seat and was told there was no chance of that due to the private party which had taken over their main dining area. This was very upsetting....considering the reservtions were made weeks in advance with a cell phone number on file and for a birthday...but we were never informed about a private event...needless to say we left and went to Aria for an amazing evening...ver very disspaointed with Bentley's
1	Terrible service and food was barely passable. Wait service was unorganized and rude. If you go to this restaurant and don't look like a rich person they will treat you like a second rate customer. Went for birthday celebration and was very let down. NOT worth it!
1	(Disclaimer, I haven't had the chance to eat here, and the reason is why I'm giving it a crappy review.)I wanted to take my wife  for a nice meal at a fancy place for New Year's Eve.  Lots of people suggested Bentley's.I called to make a reservation last Tuesday December 18th.  The person who answered informed me that they had a special menu that I needed to look at BEFORE making a reservation.  I said great, and I gave her my emailed.  Never received anything.  Called two days later to see if I could make a reservation again.  I told the woman that answered that I had called already to try and make a reservation. I literally spelled out my email this time.  She mentioned something about me having to look over the email and review the cancellation policy before making a reservation.  Since I still wanted to eat there, I told her I would wait for the email and call her back the minute I reviewed it.It's been a week now.  No emails.
3	Fantastic view, nice decor, competent staff. However, the food doesn't live up to the surroundings. I had a very bland French onion soup (after a couple of spoonfuls, I decided there was no point to eating the rest). The rest had a really excellent salad with brie. Three of us had the bourbon filet, pretty good beef, a twice done potato, not too bad, and our fourth had a sea bass special which he liked quite a bit. It has a old school feel in the meal preparation and plating. My point is that it wasn't really bad, just not up to the standards I would expect from the location and reputation. We probably won't be going back, there are too many other restaurants with better food and, bottom line, that's what we are looking for. For a company outing, where food isn't the main concern, the view and surroundings are great, so perhaps that's where they do most of their business. Mediocre.
3	This was my second visit here to celebrate my sister in laws bday, my first experience was awesome great food, great service & friendly staff, however this visit was a little different, the food was still excellent but the Hispanic server we had was very unprofessional and very rude sometimes arguing with us and was very quick to take our drinks and plates away even before we were finished. We did see the same server we had the first time and he recognized us and was very friendly as you would expect when you are paying over $ 200.00 for a dinner for 2 , this was probably my last time eating here. Mark hill
2	This is a really nice restaurant and the reason I am giving it two stars is because I expected so much more from such a nice place.First I'll start with the good:- Amazing atmosphere and view- Exceptional Service- Calamari  & Stuffed shrimp were both very good.- Temperature of the steak was on point- The waiter was kind enough to bring out a free dessert for my birthdayCons:- items were $4 - $12 more than the prices listed on the menu on their website. - Quality of the steaks: My boyfriend ordered the Strip steak and I ate almost a third of it because he filled up eating the app and half my meal because the steak just wasn't great. The sauce was very good but the steak itself was chewy. I have had a lot better steaks places that were significantly lower in price. I would expect a diner to cover a low quality steak with a great sauce hoping someone wouldn't notice NOT when you are paying $38 for the dish. - Sides weren't that great: It was like they put all the thought into the sauces but just didn't care about the sides. One dish came with small potatoes that had absolutely no flavor. The mashed potatoes and green beans were the same way.
5	From the outstanding responsiveness of the staff to the wonderful dishes  prepared by the chef.... Wonderful meal overall. We had a group of 25+ and all were impressed.
5	Very few places deserve 5 stars,but this is it. On a recent visit to Charlotte my soon to be in laws wanted to take us out to celebrate my Prince's birthday.The most special place, overlooking the city on the 27th floor. We saw places we didn't know were there, from the beautiful dining room.Their service is outstanding and though  their menu is not huge it is full of delicious choices that they do very well.. Every one ordered a soup or salad except me ( I had to wear my dress out of the place later) The servings were generous and everything was delicious (The  Clam Chowder was very good I was told by the master soup eater) We had 2 bottles of Merlot for our table which were reasonably priced for a place like this and a couple of cocktails that were well balanced in alcohol vs mix.The birthday boy ordered the Dover Sole, which they de-bone tableside. Their French Table service was outstanding, as with the Caesar's Salad done tableside.The Salmon I had was perfectly prepared with just the right amount of blistering on the outside and a tender flesh on the inside. The Crabcake Mama had was perfectly shaped considering what little filler they used and delicious as well.We ended with a Creme Brulee we shared and 4 chocolate Martinis which were delish and make me want one now. They have a  wine list,  a specialty drink menu, and a dessert menu as well as a Dinner menu.Not at all cheap but well worth it!
3	I'm am being overly critical in my review of Bentley's on 27th and were it not for how the evening ended I would be giving them a solid 4-star rating.However, let me not get ahead of myself. Firstly, the view, it's beautiful and it's clearly a major reason for choosing this restaurant. So, the setting and ambience do not disappoint.Starters were superb (blackened tiger prawns and luxury mac 'n cheese). Main course was good (dover soul and the seafood speciality). Although the latter was overly rich and could have been a little more balanced. The cheesecake desert was however a letdown and it took forever to make its way to our table. Suffice to say that the best think on the plate was the fresh fruit. Bentley's on 27 is knocking on the door of 4-stars but just missed the mark.
5	Great staff, judgement free environment! Treated me like a rock star!! I would eat here everyday if I could.  Food is worth every penny.
3	Lat night I had dinner at Bentleys,  delicious food, and a nice presentation.  View was amazing and aperance of resturant was a bit dated, but the view made up for it.  The service was good, as she came at the right time, and left us alone when we were talking.  Spent about 350 for two people including a nice wine, impressive wine list.My complaint is that when we left a little after nine, there were people in the bar area right off the dining room in shorts and flip flops.  You cant be a 5 star resturant with the prices you demand and not enforce a dress code.There were several couples celebrating an anniversary or special occasion and they were really dressed up, so I can imagine what they thought when they walked by the guys in shorts.Shame on the young lady at the front door that allowed them in, dressed that way.Step it up Bentleys, your not a sports bar !!!!!
5	LOVED IT! My wife and I went here for dinner on our 25th anniversary and it was amazing!  The food was cooked to perfection, wait staff very attentive but gave us space and the view..... WOW!  We loved everything about the place and most certainly will be back again and again!  Oh, and they even provided us with a complimentary dessert complete with a candle for celebrating our anniversary!  Excellent touch!
5	It helps when your restaurant is located on the 27th floor of a skyskraper and overlooks an entire city......the view from above is amazing and makes your overall dining experience that much better. Bentley's has a clean atmosphere, simple decoration and tons of light coming in through the wall-sized windows surrounding the entire dining area.I've had the unique pleasure of eating here on numerous occasions and while it would seem that a place so upscale and sophisticated would cost you a week of lunch money, a quick look at the menu keeps your feet on the ground. Every dish on this menu is delicious and there's really nothing you can hold against the food here - especially not the prices. A new york strip over roasted potatoes and green beans with a pepper sauce goes for $18 at lunch.... that's probably the most ridiculous thing I've heard in culinary pricing. The almond crusted trout is sublime - crispy, savory and colorful. Bentley's presentation though is what really makes the food stand out (see photos). You can tell they have perfectionists in the kitchen because each dish comes out like a piece of artwork and the portion size is generous - even by American standards.If you have an hour for lunch this is the place to go. It's never too busy at lunch time... because most people don't have time to fine dine in the middle of the day, but my experience each time has been consistently good. Frankly, I can't think of any other restaurant in uptown that stands up to this one at lunch. Not even Ruth's or McCormicks. If you're looking to just snack, they even have light appetizers like French onion soup and a variety of gourmet salads.Definitely worth the ride up the elevator!5/5
4	Hands down best view in the city. Better than the Ritz!I've only been for lunch and the crab cakes were really good. Overall the atmosphere is a bit stuffy even though I am a working professional. Its nice, white linen type of place...I think the dinner is too overpriced for what it is. I would go for drinks to check out the scene.I must say the staff/service was amazing.
5	Great service, awesome view, and really really good food. For drinks, the bartender recommended the house martini (mango and pineapple martini) and it was delicious! for starters I had the clam chowder (more like a bisque) and it was fantastic. I split the Chateaubriand bouquetiere with my dad ad our entree and it was cooked medium rare to perfection.
4	I have only been to Bentley's once for lunch, but I have to say, I was really impressed!  I ordered the Nicoise salad, which is probably, if not THE best Nicoise salad I've ever consumed in the U.S.  Authentic, large, and um...only $15 for almost too much food.  This same style of salad is served at Lulu's (which I really love), but it's  $18 and doesn't come close to being as delicious.  I would return just for this salad.  It's tres magnifique!I hope to return one night for dinner when the wallet isn't feeling so thin!
5	Celebrating my birthday we chose Bentley's - awesome choice! Bentley's is very impressive! It wasn't crowded at all (we dined on a Monday evening around 6:30pm). The wait staff is very attentive & welcoming.We ordered drinks that were perfectly balanced and the kick came a little later. I had the Bently Martini (2) & my husband had a Pink Lemonade cocktail but I don't remember the name. Both delish!For an appetizer we started off with the crab cake. While small...it was mouth watering. I actually closed my eyes to savor the moment, ha! Definitely more crab than cake, seasoned & cooked to perfection. We both ordered the Filet Oscar served with whipped potatoes and asparagus. Beautiful presentation and so filling! We both were unable to finish oir entrees & I didn't have to eat a single thing else for the rest of the evening. After finishing up with our entrees then came the surprise surprise! For my birthday they brought out the most delicious Creme Brulee. I don't even like custards and puddings but THIS...wow! As stuffed as I was...I couldn't resist.Bentley's gave us a great 1st time experience with amazing views of Charlotte! Service was prompt, food was delicious & the setting was perfect! Definitely recommend.
3	Just okay. My family and I stopped here the Saturday after Thanksgiving for dinner on the way from Georgia back to New Jersey. It wasn't as crowded as we expected it to be on a Saturday night.The waiters were just okay. I found that one spoke too loud for the environment and interrupted conversation. The other continually put food and drinks down in front of the wrong people. The only plus was that the water glasses was always full.The drinks from the bar seemed fine. Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their food. My entire order was a strike out. Malbec by the glass was awful. French Onion soup was just okay. Nothing special. I then had the peppered steak with mashed potatoes and green beans. The steak was bland and fatty. The potatoes were bland and less than creamy. The green beans were well seasoned or marinated.My dad ordered the calamari for an appetizer. Warning: It can feed three to four people, which they fail to state on the menu or out loud when its ordered. The only redeeming quality to the calamari is that the pieces are huge and fresh. The restaurant was also out of tuna tartar. A crab cake was ordered, as well as the adult mac and cheese. The adult mac and cheese has truffle and lobster in it, but is way too rich for one person to finish by themselves. The crab cake comes over couscous in some sort of creamy pesto sauce which was okay, according to those who had it.The lamb chop is delicious, as is the bison steak. The bourbon filet is just okay, but if you're into bourbon then it may be right up your alley.I certainly will not be back based on my personal experience.
4	Yay, yes Yelp I am a FAN. I'm not quite fancy enough to try Bentley's on my own. I had heard stories though and was thrilled to attend for my boyfriend's company holiday party. They certainly went all out. Service was detailed oriented almost to the point of forcing more drinks and food upon us. My wineglass was never empty and countless options were presented. The steaks were cooked to perfection. The view is incredible with floor to ceiling windows - all that wine made the experience go to my head a little. Special occasions belong at Bentley's. We missed the parking deck on the first so keep your eyes peeled.
4	3.5 stars. Caveat can be found in the food section below.I was here for a company group dinner last night and would have to say that I was a nice experience.Ambiance: being on the penthouse level of downtown Charlotte, this restaurant has (I think) a 360 degrees view of the city. Just magnificent and romantic.Service: along with the top prices you pay here, the services is TOP NOTCH, which I would say that I'm quite impressed with the wait staff. Just very professional and very polite which positively contributed to my overall experience.Food:  I would have given this restaurant 5 stars if I my meat would have been done right. Let's break it down:Apps: shrimp cocktail was fantastic. The shrimps were humongous and my colleague really liked them. I did not try them myself.Tuna carpaccio: I thought this was pretty good.Escargot: omg so delicious on the tiny toast!  Very nicely seasoned with garlic and herbs. I really have enjoyed this dish.Fried calamari: OOOMMMGGG! Best fried calamari EVER! You have not lived until you've tried this calamari! Well if you're a calamari person. I called this fried calamari steaks! Lol. Cut into thick slices and delicately breaded and seasoned, they were fried to a perfect consistency. The slices of sliced calamari were perfectly cooked, juicy and melt-in-your-mouth tender. Just absolutely amazing! the aioli was just phenomenal!Side salad: standard salad but the balsamic dressing was way to acidic for my taste.Entree:Bourbon filet mignon: I didn't eat this but my colleague told me that this was very good. Mixed grille: I was a little disappointed with this dish... The mixed grill included 3 different meats: lamb, bison, and filet. The lamb was fantastic! The filet was a little too salty and over cooked (medium instead of medium rare) and the bison hanger steak was cooked correctly but lacked flavor. I was surprised how lean the bison hanger steak was, and I thought it lacked flavor. The red wine reduction was too salty.  The bamboo rice was very good.Bananas fosters saves the day!For dessert, I shared a bananas foster with my colleague and we were all pining for more!!! It was a show and a desert because they prepared it table side and we can smell the caramelizing sugar while the waiter prepared it. I would have licked the bowl if I was alone! LolOverall, very good restaurant and had the prices to match it. However next time I will  order fish instead of the steaks.
5	Valentine's dinner was amazing and the Chef did a great job making a alternative vegetarian option. Not an enormous amount of food so you don't feel like you are over stuff and rolling out of there. Fresh, light and tasty. Wait staff was on point. Great wine list. Intimate setting. Perfect romantic sight with a great view.
3	Food and service were great,but i made valentines reservations over a week in advance and got sat behind a beam/wall and was disappointed that me and my wife's view  were obstructed,felt like i was in the cheap seats,when we spent the same if not more than others with better seats.other tables were open so don't think it was overbooked.
3	I'm am being overly critical in my review of Bentley's on 27th and were it not for how the evening ended I would be giving them a solid 4-star rating.However, let me not get ahead of myself. Firstly, the view, it's beautiful and it's clearly a major reason for choosing this restaurant. So, the setting and ambience do not disappoint.Starters were superb (blackened tiger prawns and luxury mac 'n cheese). Main course was good (dover soul and the seafood speciality). Although the latter was overly rich and could have been a little more balanced. The cheesecake dessert was however a letdown and it took forever to make its way to our table. Suffice to say that the best thing on the plate was the fresh fruit. Bentley's on 27 is knocking on the door of 4-stars but just missed the mark.
3	Ate here for lunch a couple of weeks ago.  Had the lobster BLT.  Was not impressed.  Lobster did not taste fresh and had an unpleasant taste.  Would not go back for lunch.
4	Great ambiance. Great service. Food was good. I liked my Bourbon Filet Mignon but my wife's Stuffed Shrimp Provencal was not as good I as she had expected. Then again, we both lived in East Asia so our idea of good sea food may be different. Wine, dessert, apps were all okay. What I do want to mention is that some are wondering if the (relatively new) Fahrenheit beats the view, but I'd say Bentley's still has the best view of/in Charlotte center city.
5	Excellent food and excellent service. I would definitely recommend to anyone visiting charlotte. The bourbon filet was amazing as was the ribeye! They are willing to customize anything and everything and went out of their way to make sure eveything was perfect for our entire party. Amazing views to top it off!
5	Great atmosphere. I highly recommend this place for lunch. The daily special is highly recommended, but if you're looking for a salad, the Chicken Caesar is great. Ask for a whole wheat roll as opposed to white bread.
4	This place has a great location, 27th Floor in one of the tallest buildings in Uptown Charlotte. So it gives a great view around the city that combine with the atmosphere is just perfect for a romantic date. Now I only went there for some drinks, but decided to order some appetizers. We ordered the Oysters and the Calamari and it was delicious. The service was great, there was a few events, so there was a lot of people. But they manage to keep everyone with drinks and food with no delays. That is always a plus. So if you are planing to have a great date night!, bring your date here. Its worth it!.
4	We ate here on the first night of a work management trip to Charlotte. Super fancy steak house on the 27th floor. Amazing view with floor to ceiling windows. The atmosphere was inviting and fancy. The service was top notch, everything you expect for a high end establishment like this. The french onion soup was good, salad was ok, the filet mignon was the star of the show. Super tender and flavorful, just an amazing cut of meat. The cheesecake was amazing as well. A great meal from beginning to end and you will pay a pretty penny for it, I dont usually eat at places this nice except on super special occasions or like this instance where my company took care of the tab.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The food, the service, and the view are all impeccable.  Outstanding for lunch dates.
3	View was great food was awful. Got cut off after 3rd drink. I would not recommend except for view.
5	As good as it gets! Ambiance, service, and food was excellent. Fancy and expensive, but we knew that going in. I highly recommend the Chateaubriand Bouquetiere -it was fantastic - even as leftovers. Definitely a great place for special occasions or for visitors. I think our waiter said it was the owner who finished preparing our meal in front of us - a nice touch. Can't recommend this restaurant enough.
